The Wetting

Author: Pinkglitter16

*000*2013-06-06 21:00

Heyo Everyone!I got some advice from a person and i think I can make my stories better. This is my Third post. Please Comment.

Evangeline walked and opened the clear doors to the hallways of the school. She had to pee but it could wait. Her black heels clack clack clacked against the cream colored tile floor.

"Hey Evangeline!" Red-Headed April said.

"Was sup Angie!" Kari said blowing her neon blue bangs out of her eyes.

Evangeline opened her locker which was filled with notebooks, pencils, lip gloss, mascara, eyeliner, eye shadow, pads, tampons, and extra underwear. She was well stocked. She took out a few pencils a 2 notebooks. Closing her locker she turned around into the hottest boy in school: Raph Turter

"Hey Babe." He said before giving her a kiss."Where you off to?"

"Math" He let go of her and she went off to math with her heels clicking and clacking.

She sat down in her seat in back as the first bell rang. Her bladder hurt now but she couldn't ask for a bathroom pass. She never has,EVER! She was the perfect straight A student everyone adored.

Her hair was perfect, her body was perfect, her breasts were perfect. She was just plain perfect.

Evangeline's P.O.V

Ms. Avalon started a lesson about Squares and Triangles and Diameters and stuff but I didn't pay attention. I was manly focusing on my bladder. Oh, I had to pee so badly!

She was blabbering and blabbering and blabbering. I clasped my thighs together hoping her nonstop talking would stop soon.

To my surprise she stopped talking. And another thing to my surprise was passing out a test. I stifled a sigh as she put one on my desk. it was a simple test. We had fifteen minutes of class left, so I would easily make an easy A on it. I started the test and finished in 10 minutes.

Just five more minutes left of class then I could use the bathroom. Ugh! Just HEARING the word bathroom makes my bladder throb! I calmed myself down.

Just a few more minutes Evangeline, Just a few more minutes. Your 15 you don't need to pee yourself.

And of course hearing the word pee doesn't help either. Oh, I had to pee SO bad!

Come On Evangeline! Just 1 more minute. Can't you wait 1 more minute!

My bladder didn't want to listen and a drip of pee fell on my cotton panties.I quickly pushed my left hand into my crotch riding up my skirt a little. Leo(Raph's Brother) looked at me from his seat next to mine.I didn't pay attention to him.

Another drop of pee bigger this time escaped and landed on my panties.

Oh god NO!

The bell rang and I went as fast as I could to the bathroom. I nearly screamed when I saw it was....OUT OF ORDER!!!

AWWW CRAP! WHAT NOW!

There was always the Boy's Room, But I couldn't. I wouldn't! Sure boys go into the girls room all the time but they don't use the bathroom!

Okay, what do I do? My bladder is leaking and the bathroom is out of order. i look at the Men's and see it's out of order too.

Great, NOW where do I pee!

I walked over by the bathroom and sighed. I watched the people walk by and not notice me. My bladder hurt so much,Oh,I had to let it out some how!

A squirt of pee fell onto my panties. NO!! That squirt became a stream of pee slowly soaking my panties yellow and going down my legs. The small stream soon became a steady flow of pee dripping from my legs , soaking my shoes, and made a small puddle of urine.

The pee flowed and flowed until the stream slowly thinned and thinned until the stream stopped.

Sure my bladder was empty but i was soaked. How was i going to explain this to my teacher?

So? What do you think? Please comment and tell me how to make it better. Or just comment to tell me how good i was.

Bye For Now!

