Pretty Little Liars FanFic (Series)

Author: freepostage

*000*2013-07-30 14:05

All following chapters will be posted in this thread.

Backstory:

For those of you unfamiliar with the book series/television series, I'm basing my stories off the television series. In the series the girls are supposed to be 17 but the real ages of the actresses range from their early to late twenties so I don't mind posting about them. For a brief overview, the show is mostly about 5 girls; Spencer (an intelligent, successful girl), Emily (a Native American lesbian swimmer), Aria (mainly known for having a romantic relationship with her teacher), Hannah (the blonde bombshell with a shoplifting issue) and Allison (a girl that was the queen bee of the group that was missing and found dead, but not everyone is convinced she is dead.)

The "living" group is being tormented by a group of individuals called A, which many believe might be led by Allison, who exposes these girls lies and frames them and their families for murder, abuse, vandalism, etc. I'm starting this from the most recent season, season 4. For those not keeping up with season 4 but are into the show, there might be some spoilers in the story:

From left to right: Hannah, Emily, Spencer, Aria

Chapter 1

Emily began her shift at the Brew House coffee shop, forgetting she was supposed to work that night. She had been too caught up with social services suddenly questioning her family after she injured her shoulder and her mysterious stalker, A, had given an "anonymous tip" suggesting her parents were abusing her. Emily left the house quickly, knowing she was forgetting something but couldn't decide what. Once she arrived her boss scowled at her for being late and out of uniform; Emily was wearing dark blue skinny jeans and a low cut dark red top with beige cowgirl boots.

"If you're late one more time I'm writing you up. Tonight is talent night and I have a family emergency so you are in charge. Jennifer quit this morning so you're in charge of training our new employee, Collin." Emily's cheeks flushed and she apologized immediately taking the keys from her boss and quickly making coffee for a line of busy customers, including herself. She began to relax as she sipped her large vanilla double shot latte, extra whipped cream for a little bit of flavor.

About thirty minutes into her shift Emily finally remembered what she forgot at home: the bathroom keys! Each employee had a set and customers were required to ask to use the restroom due to vandalism in the past. Panicking about being written up for another mistake, Emily quickly looked through her bosses keys, sure there had to be a key on the set she was handed before her disgruntled boss rushed out the door. Double checking, Emily's heart sunk as she realized the bathroom key was missing from the set, which was extremely unfortunate on the busiest night the Brew had ever seen! Suddenly Emily's phone pinged with the alert of a new text message: "Missing something? Have fun with those bursting bladders tonight! -A" Emily sighed, exhausted of A messing with her once again, but at least this was one of A's smaller offenses.

Aria and Hannah showed up finally, running late because Hannah couldn't pick the right skirt to wear with her top. She ended up wearing her hair in beach wave curls with a heavy layer of mascara, hot pink lipstick, and a black lace top with a black skirt splotched with pink roses. Underneath she had on black tights and a pair of hot pink designers pumps. Aria was wearing a long sleeved beige button up blouse with black hearts and light wash skinny jeans with fashionable rips in them with low black heeled booties. They ordered their drinks and chit-chatted with Emily about their college applications as she rushed around making coffee for angry guests and trying to train her clumsy colleague.

A couple of times customers asked for the bathroom key but Emily told them the restroom was out of order; for the most part it hadn't been an issue and Emily figured times customers really needed to go they would just leave to go home. Reluctantly, she felt her own bladder swell with her large latte and remembered in her frenzy to get out the door she had forgotten to use the bathroom. She hadn't relieved herself since 6th period at school around 3 pm and it was now 7 pm. She had a decent sized bladder, she supposed, but had drank a lot of water and coffee today. Uncomfortable but not yet desperate, Emily shifted behind the counter but tried to distract herself by filling orders and re-arranging scones.

Around 7:30 PM Spencer burst through the door, her long brunette hair tied in a ballerina bun. She was wearing a black long sleeved sweater, a strand of pearls, and a pair of white leggings with black Ugg boots. Spencer said quick hellos to Aria and Hannah, but sped past them to the counter, waiting impatiently behind a line of five customers. The over-achieving Spencer had been stuck at a school president meeting and while she had used the restroom right beforehand, it had been almost 5 hours since she had voided her bladder which was full of her favorite drink, Arizona Mango Tea.

Spencer had considered stopping off somewhere on the way but had some important information about A to reveal to her friends so she rushed over as fast as she could, trying to ignore all the liquid filling up her bladder. She crossed her legs as casually as she could, starting to pant as the line slowly moved along until she was met with Emily's face. Before Emily could even breathe a greeting Spencer said "Bathroom key NOW!" in a demanding, no-nonsense voice. Pulling up the text as evidence, Emily showed Spencer that the bathroom was an impossibility, feeling the weight of her own bladder swelling.

Spencer groaned and sprinted over to the bathroom, jiggling the knob hoping it would be open. Of course the bathrooms were locked and she sighed, sitting down next to her friends at a table with her legs tightly crossed, her full bladder smashed against her leggings. She reassured herself that she could leave soon to let out the ocean of pee inside her but needed to share crucial information with her friends first and foremost. Spencer took a deep breath and took her laptop out of her bag, showing the girls a video that had appeared on her computer that day of A dressed in her (his?) signature doll mask, black hoodie, black pants, and black gloves dragging Allison's body bag out of the grave.

The next video was a video A had captured of the girls loitering around her grave, searching for clues in the dark a few days before, the evening Allison's grave had been dug up. The girls felt sick to their stomach and were all startled when Spencer's computer re-booted and both videos were suddenly gone. Each received the same text message at the same time that read: "A picture is worth a thousand words but a video is worth a million. You're going down, bitches. -A."

The next fifteen minutes was full of frightened, paranoid chatter as the girls discussed their options and feared the wrath of the cops who were already very suspicious of these four beautiful liars. Spencer's thoughts were clouded with the weight of her bladder and while she tried to come up with ideas, she was constantly shifting in her seat and occasionally reaching underneath her long sweater to grab her crotch and apply pressure. The pressure helped momentarily but she quickly had to let go of her grip before attracting attention. Since her job was done (and the other girls promised to fill the ever-busy barista Emily in on the content of the videos) Spencer squeezed her muscles together tightly as she stood up, seeking relief as soon as possible.

Each step to her car shook her bladder and she hadn't realized how desperate she had grown at her meeting, so distracted by A's new threat. By the time Spencer reached her car she immediately slammed her hand into her crotch and silently prayed traffic would be within her favor on the ten mile drive back to her house. She considered stopping off at another shop but Spencer hated public restrooms; besides, very little would be open this late to accommodate her growing need.

Back at the coffee shop Emily was in her own desperate situation, regretting the coffee she had sipped. Her bladder had to be full of almost a liter now, if not more, and while Emily knew she could hold more than that she was extremely uncomfortable and urgently needed relief. At this point she was tired of customers bugging her for the non-existent key, constantly reminding her of her plight. Eventually she just sloppily wrote an "Out of Order" sign and slapped it on the door she so badly wanted to get inside. Emily knew she would have no relief until her shift was over and she was able to get home, which thankfully was not a long drive. Her jeans were cutting so deeply into her growing, bulging bladder that Emily discretely unbuttoned her pants, grateful that the apron covered her crotch.

Her light blue boyshort panties showed as her zipper slid down, but thankfully no customers could see as she walked around serving drinks. Collin was essentially useless and kept knocking over equipment in the back, creating more work for Emily as she would have to squat down to pick up his mistakes. Aria and Hannah were doing a decent job distracting her with their nervous views of A's antics, wondering if the cops were really going to be alerted or if this was just another ploy by A to strike fear into their hearts. The nervousness wasn't helping Emily's bladder but she was convinced she could wait out the next few hours if she really tried and didn't drink anymore; one time she had managed to hold a very full bladder on an extremely long road trip and while it took everything she had in her, she had only lost one small spurt before reaching a rest area.

Spencer swore loudly as she hit a detour that would extend her desperation, now constantly holding her crotch and shifting in her seat. She had even undone her seatbelt, which was a big no-no in the book of over-cautious Spencer, which revealed how urgent her need was. Just as she hit a pot hole on the uneven road leading the long way to her house, Spencer lost a five second spurt into her white cotton thong panties, wetting the crotch of her thin leggings. She willed herself to last just a few minutes longer, cramming a hand into her crotch, but knew she was practically at the end of her rope.

Not wanting to pee on her expensive leather seats (her mother was a big shot lawyer and Spencer was a bit spoiled), Spencer quickly pulled off onto the side of the road. It was dark outside now, but there weren't any woods for her to sneak off into. Desperate for some relief, Spencer searched around into her backseat until she found an empty 32 ounce bottle of her bladder's enemy; Arizona Mango Tea. She also found a towel and acted quickly, placing the towel beneath her to catch any pee that she might not be able to aim into the bottle. Clenching her teeth and her bladder muscles as tightly as she could, Spencer lifted her butt off the seat and pulled down her white leggings and thong.

She placed the bottle in between her legs, positioned the best she could, and tried to let go. Despite her urgent need, Spencer's training to only pee in a toilet kept her from the relief she so desperately needed. Concentrating and bearing down hard, Spencer was finally able to pee a short stream into the bottle. She was having difficultly holding both her entire body up and the bottle in place, Spencer's entire body shaking as she concentrated. One more long spurt and the floodgates were open, her pee stream filling the bottle quickly. She sighed as the bottle filled with her hot, yellow pee, feeling her bladder bloat shrink enormously.

Not even halfway through with her release, the bottle began to overflow onto the towel, completely filled to the rim with Spencer's pee. She struggled to try to open the window to pour out her pee and tried with all of her might to cut off her stream, but she could only stop for a few seconds at a time. After resigning to the fact that there was no going back Spencer placed her bottle of piss in the cup holder and sat down directly on the towel, soaking it with the remainder of her bladder. The relief was indescribable as she felt the towel attempt to soak up her river of pee. Finally, her stream turned into slow spurts as she let out the remaining tea in her bladder onto the towel.

Blushing at how improper and unladylike that whole incident was, Spencer swiftly opened her car door and jumped out of the car, her bare bottom half exposed to anyone that might drive by. Luckily, no one had and she quickly pulled her panties and leggings up, feeling the dampness of the droplets of urine that remained on her butt and thighs. She leaned against her car door for a moment, exhausted from her long day of school, fear of A's wrath, and the effort of holding back a full bladder. Once Spencer recovered, she removed the towel from her seat, wrung it out to the best of her abilities and placed it in the trunk of her car on top of her spare tire. When she got back into the car she dumped the bottle of tea pee into the grass out the window and cringed as her butt got wetter as she sat on the small puddle of pee on the seat the towel hadn't properly soaked up.

Poor Emily was still at the Brew, now crossing her legs behind the counter and slipping a hand into her crotch occasionally to relieve the growing pressure ...

*003*2013-07-30 17:09

{{:

I haven't even read it yet (got busy as soon as I opened fanfiction)

But THANK YOU!! For doing a PLL story!!

}}

Yay, I'm glad there's people here that watch the show! I hoped there would be since fans of the show tend to appreciate the stories more. Let me know if there's any characters you would like to see in "compromising positions" male or female.

{{:

Excellent story can't wait for the next chapter! Any other TV shows you like that you could write a fanfic for?

}}

The only shows I watch often enough that I could write a realistic Fanfic for would be 90's sitcoms like Roseanne, Friends and The Nanny so I don't know if you'd be interested. Thank you for the encouragement, I'll be on the next chapter soon!

*005*2013-07-30 18:57

{{:

I love those shows so I would definitely be VERY interested!(Everybody Loves Raymond, Married With Children and Frasier would also be good choices) In fact, another user on here-quietpr is actually writing a Friends fanfic called "The One With The Wet Rumors", i've been giving him suggestions on a few chapters and it's coming along really nicely. You should check it out in the fiction section.

}}

That's awesome, I will look into his series! I want to get this one going a bit (probably because there's a new episode today and PLL will be on my mind all night) but I'm sure I could make something interesting up, especially with The Nanny.

Here's the next chapter, by the way!
