What Hermione did next

Author: sobbi5

*000*2014-09-03 10:50

What Hermione did next - the Knicker nicking story and flying again! - follows on from Hermione Experiments

We left Hermione late on Friday walking back from Miss McGonagall’s study her head buzzing with all that she had learnt – she was a 3W - a small select band of Wonderfully Wet Witches who got special pleasure from wetting themselves – whether flying or not.(See Hermione flying at “P” level). She had just finished testing the effects of the spell Miss McGonagall had taught her to make wettings look dry which resulted in her appearing totally dry to anyone looking – but leaving a tell tale trail of pee spots on the floor as she walked along weeing in her knickers.

She has almost reached the dormitory when it struck her – tomorrow was Saturday and it was the next stage of advance flying – one where each girl was to fly to the heights to learn their personal tolerance – firstly when they peed and secondly when they pooped. She has already decided she was not going to actually poop – there must be some way of knowing she was at the height she must stop below without actually going beyond it and doing it in her pants to find out.

BUT – she was standing in the last pair of knickers in her draw – the rest had gone to the Laundry – and even if she was able to dry the present ones overnight unless they were fully washed there was a good chance the bright pink cotton would clearly show a tide mark if any one saw – and from last week she knew Miss McGonagall could readily call for a knicker inspection before flying. Just as much as afterwards. In any case she was not keen for the other girls to see her in such “girley” pink panties, she really wanted one of her pairs of regulation blue ones that were a bit more discrete about what had happened to (or rather in) them.

In a way it as doubly her own fault – not just because she had wet so many pairs during the week but also because it was her efforts to reduce the workload on the house elves that had changed the old two day turnaround to washing taking a week and turning up (usually) on a Saturday afternoon. So no clean (and dry) knickers were in her draw – what could she do? Where could she get some knickers from suitable for going flying first thing in the morning?

She turned around to walk away from the dorm whilst she thought – and then it came to her – lost property!– there was a whole room in the laundry with every item of clothing separated onto their own shelves – there must be some knickers she could “recover” from there. She quickly but inconspicuously walked downstairs to the laundry area and turned into the lost property room just before the workroom itself. The lights were quite low, but she could clearly see down the centre walkway where there were rows of floor to ceiling shelves to either side with signs saying what clothes were in that rack – boy to the left girls to the right. The order started with underclothes and worked through to outdoor items like hats and anoraks’ at the far end. Socks & tights were first, then vests on the left for boys and vests/bras on the right for girls. Then underpants and knickers – just what she was looking for!

She started through the large pile of assorted knickers – it seemed amazing so many could be lost, but she soon realised that by the styles they were lost long ago. But she spotted a pair of ordinary school knickers that looked to be about her size, that were dark green – they would do her for tomorrow. But just as she moved over to pick them up she heard someone coming and even though she had every right to check the lost property she decided to move along and slide down one of the side areas where she would not be readily seen.

In the low light she looked carefully to see who was there – she was next to the girl’s skirts so if found she could simply explain she was looking for a lost one - but the person – a boy- was being rather furtive and bent over apparently looking at socks. Then she noticed the hair – it was Ron! - and whilst he had grabbed a grey sock he was now moving down the rows and was standing by the boys underpants – but looking at the girls knickers – he looked around quickly and then grabbed something from the knicker shelf stuffed it in his pocket, before rapidly walking out swinging the sock as if it was the prize he had been looking for.

H came out of her hiding spot and saw immediately that Ron had taken the pair of bottle green knickers she had just found for herself! She was both annoyed and puzzled by his behaviour, but concentrated on a further search through the knickers to find something suitable for her immediate needs for the next day. She finally found a pair of navy blue knickers in the nice cotton material like her own – but they must have been made years ago as they were very loose and baggy – but they had elastic round the middle and legs that could be adjusted as it was just tied and could be pulled out of a small slit in the leg and tummy band. They were about the right size and she realised she could tighten or slacken the elastic to suit her perfectly. (See attachment)

She could see nothing better so putting them into her bag she walked out of the lost property area and moved purposefully back up the stairs and to the dormitory. Safely inside she went up to her bed and shed her gown before going into the toilets for some privacy. She took off her still damp pink knickers and pulled on the old navy blue ones – as she had thought they were quite a good fit – the waist elastic needed no adjustment, it was tight enough to stop them falling down, but not so as to feel too tight. The legs were another thing however, the last person to wear these had much bigger thighs than Hermione had so far developed so the leg elastic did not even touch all round her legs.

She slid them off, undid the knots in the elastic of each leg and then put them back on so as to adjust the length and to re-tie the elastic- which she did making the legs reasonably tight, but not uncomfortable. As she stood there having made the adjustments she realised the other difference to her normal knickers – they had real legs! – only about two inches long, but they definitely felt different to her normal ones that had elastic that ran right round the top of her legs and rubbed against her crotch. They actually felt quite nice like that and when she explored her crotch area with her fingers over the knicker material she rather liked the feelings. She started to rub a little harder enjoying the way her pussy started to firm up as blood pumped into the lips but then froze as she remembered that if she kept going then her knickers for tomorrow would be flooded in the immediate future.

She pulled the blue knickers down and got them off as her bladder gave out strong signals that it needed to be emptied. Not wishing to miss an opportunity she grabbed the damp pink ones and bent over to put her legs into the holes and then pull them up, but it was too late – as she bent over – bum sticking out backwards, knickers about at her knees - she burst – her wee went everywhere – some down into the seat of her knickers, some onto the lid of the loo. As she tried to finish pulling her knickers up she straightened up and some wee shot out towards the door. Pretty much everything below waist height got wet – fortunately she had been holding her skirt with one hand so it was well clear of all the liquid. Grabbing the lid up she sank onto the seat, the back of her knickers just under her pussy so it received the last gushes of wee.

The clean up took some time – using her wet knickers she mopped up the walls, floor etc, wringing the dripping wet panties out several times. Finally she slipped out and quickly rinsed her pink knickers in the sink before dropping them down the laundry shute. By then it was bed time to dream of the next day.

Saturday morning came quickly – Hermione awoke to bright sunshine streaming in the window immediately bringing a smile to her face as she remembered what day it was – the day of the next special flying lesson for girls –she was to fly higher than ever before as she and the rest of the class sorted out their own individual “flying levels” – firstly the level they had all exceeded last week when their knickers received the full contents of their bladders and were soaked and secondly the level at which they would also become dirty and full!

Hermione totally ignored the fact that last week she (and the others) were so busy enjoying the “special” feelings of flying from the contact between the broom handles and their pussy’s lips that it was only after the P level had been completely passed and they had totally soaked the knickers that anyone realised what had happened. She was ignoring it by convincing herself that she would keep herself in full control and be aware of any signs that she was about to lose control and poop in her pants – she was not going to do that, it held no appeal at all for her.

She quickly got dressed and started to drink lots of water – she was completely hooked on wetting and wanted to get the most pleasure out of that part of the lesson, it was just the next stage she would ensure she did not circum to. A quick breakfast (with two lots of orange juice) then she grabbed her broom and headed for the field. She was not the first there – it seemed that most of the girls were looking forward to exploring their limits (or rather the wonderful waves of pleasure that flow out from the lips of their pussy’s lips right to the extremities of their bodies so fingers, toes, the hair on their head (and especially their very firm nipples) tingled with pleasure as their bladder slowly released into their knickers and down their legs.

Miss McGonagall was waiting for the girls and as soon as the last ones arrived she started her “pre-flight” talk. “Girls, today it is time for you to fly higher than ever before, you will look down on the earth as if it was a map in your geography book! As I told you last week it is important that you each find your own limitations – that is at what height above ground you lose bladder control and then at what height above that you lose total control”. Before we start the lesson there are three spells that we will use today. Like last week we need to use the binding spell so that you will not fall off you broom – and even if you pass out the broom will simply stop doing whatever it was before and simply fly on the level round in circles so you can come too and regain control. You will each chant your own spell for this and I will test it is ok before you fly up.

The second spell is one that will allow you to “feel” how high you are flying – it makes your right arm into a “measuring stick” – as you fly higher there will be a feeling like an elastic band around your arm, starting at the wrist and moving up as you climb – actually it measures the air pressure above sea level rather than the height above the ground, but it will allow you to measure your own “P” points. I will say this spell but you will cast it on yourself so that you can use it again in the future.

The final spell is one to help us get together when we have all finished. I will cast it on all of you next – it will enhance your in the ultra-violet (UV) range so that you will be able to see a special crystal I have that send out a beam of UV that can be seen for hundreds of miles – if you have sensitised your sight first. When you have finished testing yourselves look for the crystal light and fly down to it. I will be there waiting for you – there is a special place for us to meet and clean up before going back to Hogwarts.

Just then Luna put her hand up – Miss McGonagall said “yes?” – and Luna spoke fairly softly saying “ please Miss – is there some way we can know that we are reaching the – er – er – second – er – er level without, you know, actually, er – er going past it and doing, er – er – doing, er, you know, er Miss?” Some of the other girls sniggered, Hermione had to suppress a smile quickly when Miss McGonagall growled sternly – “be quiet – she is only asking what all of you really want to know – isn’t she!!!”

Turning and smiling kindly at Luna Miss McGonagall said “Yes there is – all you have to do is concentrate as you fly higher and as you approach the second “P” level your tummy will start to feel very bloated – if you immediately drop down you will suffer an escape of gas but you will keep clean (although wet) knickers. Hermione carefully filed the information away in her head – she had been sure there was some way of avoiding pooping her pants and was determined to avoid it – now she knew how!

Miss McGonagall then said “right girls, on your brooms ready” – then she chanted the spell to allow them to see UV rays – H loved the way the world looked with this enhancement to her vision – it was so much more alive! Miss McGonagall continued – “repeat after me the following spell to allow you to measure your flying height” and the girls all repeated as told – “can you all feel a band around your arm just by your wrist?” – Yes they all answered. Hermione was somewhat distracted by now – all the water and orange juice had worked through her and her bladder was bursting! – she wanted to keep it all for the flight, but as Miss McGonagall droned on Hermione lost some control and some wee escaped making a bit wet patch in her knickers.

Miss McGonagall then spoke very sternly getting the girls to repeat the “binding spell” . Finally Miss McGonagall said time to fly – but I need to test your binding spell is working so I want each of you to take off in turn, fly along just above the ground and then, when in front of me, flip over so your head is just above the ground – that way if your spell was poor you will only fall a few inches into the grass. One by one they did just that – the second girl fell off and had to repeat the spell which worked that time, but it was a reminder to all of the need for safety. Hermione raised the broom so she was just off the ground and flew to Miss McGonagall, flipping upside down in front of her – Miss McGonagall immediately saw the big wet patch and Hermione heard her say softly - so that no one else could hear – “Hermione, dear you must not be quite so eager, pace yourself it will be more pleasurable” – then Hermione was up and on her way to the sky.

With her already leaking bladder Hermione really did not care what her first “P’ level was – she just wanted the sexual thrills of flying and peeing to start and go on for as long as it could. But she knew she would have to answer Miss McGonagall ‘s questions later so she forced herself to focus as she flew up in a steady spiral concentrating on the imaginary band on her arm as it crept up towards her elbow. With the “band” barely below the elbow joint her bladder and pussy had their initial explosion with her knickers receiving the consequences, so she filed away that bit of information to answer later questions.

From last week she remembered flying well above the initial “P” level and the pleasure waves she had enjoyed so she decided to “treat” herself before going up much higher to explore the second “P” level. Following the previous week pattern she carefully flew up quite a bit higher before launching herself into a ”J” shaped flight path flying down the short part of the J and then flying up the long side – her broom pointing almost vertically, her nose touching the handle, her pussy magically attached to the lower part of the handle as the waves of pleasure flowed out from here through her body – and her wee flowed into her knickers crotch, then down filling all round the little legs above the tight elastic, before soaking through, flowing down her legs over her stockings and trailing over her pump type shoes to stream away from the toes of both of them into the air.

She managed this a few times – squeezing her pussy lips together to slow the loss of wee from her bladder. She almost managed to separate her mind into two parts one part totally overwhelmed by the hedonistic pleasures she felt but the other part somewhat detached and almost able to feel each drop of wee as it made its way out of her pussy lips, into the puddle in the gusset of her knickers, then through the material of her knickers, sliding down each leg, running along each stocking and onwards.

The waves of pleasure engulfed her time and time again on the next upward flight as if her whole body was sexually charged, - she felt the final drops of wee flow into her knickers when there was an explosion starting in her crotch and rippling out to the extremities of her body – and she passed out!

Some minutes later she groggily came too – the first shock to her system was realising the land below her was like a tiny map she was so high – then she realised the “band” on her arm was almost up at shoulder level. As she recovered consciousness more she understood that she was sat on her broom flying round in circles on the level – even though it was a very high level. Finally it came to her – the feeling she had vowed she would avoid – her knickers were no longer just soaking wet – they were full of her poop – the only good thing she could think was that how glad she had end up with the very old fashioned ones with legs and tight elastic round them so that whilst she had filled her pants, nothing had escaped – it was all around her legs held in by the material.

She was annoyed she had failed! – she told herself off for doing so and tried to rationalise that the explosion of pleasure that caused her to pass out was not worth the indignity she now faced of landing with very full knickers.

Then greater realisation came to her – firstly her nose was running everywhere so she got her hanky and blew it and cleaned her face up. Her fingers and toes were still tingling and felt great. Then it hit her – her bra was soaking and moisture was leaking through her blouse and jumper – but she had not flown upside down at any stage so her wee could not have run there! Her nipples were throbbing with pleasure and were standing up firmly pointing outwards, her breasts were solid and felt like they were ready to explode – that was where the moisture was leaking from! – the pleasure explosion had resulted in every possible “bodily outlet” letting go. She told herself off severely for not keeping control and ending up messing herself in every possible way – but the aching in her pussy and tits and even her bum flooded back telling her “so what” that was just marvellous.

Hermione looked around for the UV crystal light – and saw it far off in the distance. She flew steadily down towards it fighting in her mind between the pleasures felt through her body verses the “failure” of keeping herself under control. She landed fairly near Miss McGonagall, but noticed all of the girls were keeping a fair distance apart from each other- they were all studying the ground –but furtively looking at each other to see what state they were in. Miss McGonagall told the girls to undo the binding spells, the measurement spells and she undid the UV spell.

The she spoke “Girls, today we have use of a special facility – this is a natural hot pool with warm water flowing from above us down into individual shower blocks – you will each go to your own area to clean yourselves up in private. There are suitable facilities for disposing of any “unwanted materials”, also for clothes washing and there is a special hot cabinet in each room where your washed clothes can be put to dry – it will only take a few minutes, but there is no rush – please relax and unwind after your experiences, think about what you have learnt today.

Hermione watched the girls walk (or rather most of them waddled) towards the open doors of each individual area, no one else had their arms crossed against their chest to hide their breast area (as she had done since landing). Hermione was the last to walk past Miss McGonagall who stopped her saying “Hermione – this is the meeting place for the 3W club I told you about so see if you enjoy it”. Hermione had accidentally let her arms drop so Miss McGonagall saw the soaking wet patches around her breasts and she continued “you really are eligible to be a full club member dear – look”. Hermione looked at Miss McGonagall from the ground up – she could see Miss McGonagall had wet herself, but it was not clear what else had happened for her – until Hermione looked and Miss McGonagall moved her cardigan away from her front – where it had covered the sopping wet area over her breasts.

Hermione walking bemused into the clean up area – it was everything she had been told, so she started the clean up!

