The Accident (a walking dead game fanfic)

Author: Lisathebedwett

*000*2015-10-10 19:58

Hello there im lisa and this is a fanfiction i made inspired by 2 other walking dead fanfics. I dont remember their names but thanks for the insipration. It's been a few days after the group with the exeption of luke clementine and sarah went to get some supllies. The toilet was broken and luke was supposed to fix it but need supplies for it. luke clementine and sarah were playing a board game when clementine shifted in her seat. sarah noticed but didnt think of it as anything. a few hours later and clementine started to fidget in her seat and hold her crotch. luke and sarah both noticed making sarah ask "Clem? need to pee?" clem responded "yes b-but i can hold it im fine" luke decided to jump in saying "clem, if you need to go just go we can resume our game after"

"No I'm fine ok!" after that there was silence. Clem was always shy of admitting her need to go to the bathroom. Noone could understand why and she often snuck out to go pee in the woods when she was alone. After a while clem was was holding her crotch and almost looked like she was about to cry. luke had gone to bed early while sarah and clem stayed downstairs. sarah looked worried and asked "clem please just go outside and pee you either do that or go in your pants."

"fine I-I'll go but... can you come too?" sarah nodded and they headed out side slowly sarah got annoyed and light yelled "CLEM come on"

"S-Sarah i-i im sorry i..." sarah saw why she was starting to cry. wetness grew on her jeans around her crotch and down her legs. watching the girl pee hersself sarah felt a need of her own to pee but despite her being quite desperate she went to confort her freind. "clem are-are you ok?" clem said in a teary voice"no im not i-i just had a....oh god" sarah could not beleive it. sarah thought for a moment in her head she debated "i could dominate her. i could tease her and make her cry. i could tell the whole group but...shes my freind i couldnt do that" as she debated in her own thoughts clem stopped peeing.

Sarah felt her own need grow and only one thought came to her mind "hey clem...do you want me too pee myself too?" you would do that for me?" sarah hesitated but responded"y-yes i would i would be a freind if i didnt." with that sarah relaed as pee flowed down her legs. when she finished she felt somthing on her lips. she realized it was clementine kissing her. clem pulled back and sarah and all she could say was "clem... that was a great kiss i- i never knew you were uhm gay" clem responded with" im not gay im bi" and the girls just looked at eachother until sarah said "we should proboly change."

"yeah good idea" whiile going upstairs they ran into luke "oh hey girls i..." luke just looked at the girls wet jeans "oh uhm i guess you girls both had a ....." clementine just spoke out after hearing that " no only i did. she peed herself so i would fee less emberresed." luke was suprised at hearing that "well ok then just.. go get changed and uhh lets not speak of this again."

"ok" both girls said at the same time. after changing both girls went to bed saying only a few words "i love you sarah"

"i love you too clem" and both girls drifted off to sleep" Ok hope you enjoyed my second fanfiction. My last one i wrote i did horrible on and i can only base how good i did on feedback so hope you enjoyed Lisa out

