Another of Skaat's stories

Author: Wardrobe24

*000*2011-04-21 20:25

Here's my translation of the second story of the Belgian writer Skaat, from the Skymouse forums. All credit for writing it goes to him.

###

Evy woke calmly that morning. A month had passed since she and Amber had had their shared accident, and neither of them had mentioned it since. She rubbed the sleep out of her eyes and watched her alarm clock. It was a saturday, so she could sleep long, but she cursed as she saw it was already past twelve - she'd agreed to meet a friend at one o'clock at the shopping mall.

The quickly slid into a tight pair of jeans - keeping on the panties she'd slept in - and a shirt lying on the ground, not wasting time on a bra. Without socks she jumped into her boots, put on her coat and stepped outside. It was raining lightly, but she didn't mind much as she ran to the bus stop. Having arrived there in time, she went with her hand through her hair; it peaked out in an uncaring way, as was her style.

However, something else called for her attention; she hadn't done her morning pee yet. She always had to go a lot when she woke up, and today was no different. Just when she thought about running back home to use the bathroom, the bus came round the corner. Evy showed her card to the driver and took a seat in the back. She crossed her legs and bit her lip, thinking about that time with her sister, when she'd had to go so badly she'd wet herself. She decided it wouldn't get that far this time, and silently urged the bus driver to get a move on, so she could use the lavatories in the mall.

It was well after one when Evy got there, and for the last ten minutes of the ride she hadn't been able to sit still properly. The rain pattering against the windows didn't help either, and she was walking awkward to get out of the bus when she arrived. She was awaited there by her friend Kate.

"What took you so long?', Kate asked, "I've been waiting here for 15 minutes already!"

"I'm sorry", answered Evy, who tried very hard not to show that she needed to pee, "that stupid bus was running late again."

"Never mind", Kate said, "let's get inside, it's much too cold and wet out here."

When the two girls entered the main hall of the shopping mall, Evy almost panicked; a huge fountain in the center, reaching up to the third floor, was making gallons of water cascade down. She crossed her legs and bit her lip; the streaming water almost caused a little stream of her own. With her thighs pressed together and here stomach tense as a spring, she walked after Kate.

"What's the matter with you?", Kate asked absent-mindedly, "Are you ill?"

Evy decided to tell before it was too late; maybe Kate had to go to, then they could just go to the bathrooms together.

"I really have to go to the bathroom.", she admitted shyly, bending her knees up and down. With the splatter of the fountain in the background, she wasn't able to keep still.

"Do you think you're going to pee your pants?", Kate laughed, causing a few people to face them awkwardly. Evy gave her an angry look.

"Don't draw attention like that, it's embarrasing enough already!"

"Then what am I supposed to do? ", Kate asked. "It's like I'm taking a toddler out on a trip. Stop being such a crybaby!"

Evy now had to keep holding her crotch to prevent her from wetting herself. She looked around nervously and saw a sign, directing to the public lavatories of the mall.

"I'm going to take a pee first, really, or I'll wet myself.", Evy whispered angrily, and she carefully walked to the toilets. Kate chuckled, and followed her, with the sound of the fountain still in the background.

When the girls entered the toilets, they saw there were still three people before them. Evy could barely stand still, and didn't dare let go of her crotch. Inside, you couldn't hear the fountain anymore, but she had to go so badly now, she could only hope she'd be on a toilet before it was too late.

Then they heard a flush, and saw a woman get out of one of the stalls. The next in line hurriedly moved in and locked the door. Kate gave Evy an ashamed look, causing Evy to give in to ebarrasment, and leave the pressure on her groin to her thighs. Carefully, she pulled out her hand from between her legs and tried to stand still, but then the woman who had come out started washing her hands. As she turned the faucet, Evy felt a warm feeling between her legs. She hurriedly grabbed her crotch again, and moaned softly; she'd stopped it now, but she had definitely leaked a bit there. She didn't dare remove her hands to see if anything showed on her jeans.

"Shit!", Evy whispered to Kate, "I'm going to pee my pants if I'm not on that toilet soon."

"Stop being such a fool", Kate answered annoyed, "Now I have to go too, because of your fidgeting." Evy glanced at Kate's short top, and saw that her belly was bulging out below; so Kate had been needing to go all along too.

Kate nervously moved from one foot to another.

"Don't see me being such a baby though?", Kate said.

The toilet was flushed again, and the next person entered. Now there was only one before them in line, but Evy felt that the only thing stopping her from wetting herself, was her hand pressing her labia together. To make matters worse, someone they both knew just entered the toilets: Molly, a classmate of Evy and Kate, who'd never had to redo a year and was still only fourteen. She'd always be tha target of Evy and Kate's pranks, and the last thing Evy wanted, was wet herself in front of that girl.

"Anything to be seen?", Kate sneered. Molly stepped back shyly.

"Come on, come one", Evy mumbled under her breath, "hurry up!"

"If you have to go that bad, love, you can go first if you want", the woman in front of Evy offered.

Nearly relieving herself there, Evy thanked the woman as she heard the toilet flush. Just as she stepped forward however, she was pushed aside by Kate, who quickly locked the door behind her.

"Sorry Evy", she heard her say, "gotta go!"

Evy couldn't hold it any more. However hard she squeezed herself, her pee still poured into her pants. She felt the warm liquid running down her legs, and tears filled her eyes. Molly gave her an odd look, she could probably see it; Evy hurried away, hand still in her crotch, to the emergency exit. A fitting name, she thought. Moving around had sterned the flow, but her bladder was aching now.

Outside, she saw that it had stopped raining, and she spotted a large container bext to the building. Quickly she squatted behind it and dropped her pants; the inside of the legs was wet, as were the groin and bottom, and her panties were completely soaked. Shaking a little, she lowered down to let go the rest, when she heard laughter behind her. A few of her former classmates stood there, with a clear view of here exposed posterior. hurriedly she pulled her jeans back up, and she caught the words "...wetting herself..." from the group.

However, there was no way of holding it any longer. Not even bothering to close her legs, she pissed a torrent, soaking her pants and making a puddle beneath her. Hearing the giggling and the pointed remarks behind her, she knew she'd be hearing from this for a long time at school.

