A Brand New Story! Part 1 (Finally putting it in the right place)

Author: HypnosFan

*000*2023-03-14 20:11

Trigger warning if you are afraid of Bugs.

"You are getting veeeeeeeerrryyyyy sleeeeeeeeeepyyyyyyy oooooooh" Johnson said as he waved around a gigantic spinning disk that had a black and white spiral painted onto it.

"Knock it off John. I'm telling you it's not working" Sarah scoffed. She was sitting in the chair in front of John for the past hour. "Your stupid device isn't working. I'm not getting any sleepier."

"Look, you came to me looking for help right? So let me just do my thing. Complaining's not gonna get anything done." John says with a sigh, tossing the device a small pile of various devices containing spirals of all kinds.

"Look I know I said I had problems with sleeping but really it's not such a big deal that we have to go through all this." Sarah says as she crosses one leg over the other. "C-can't I just go take a little bathroom break? Maybe that's why it's not working."

"Nah I'm so close. I can just feel it. I'm sure if we keep going I'll figure it out somehow! I have one more device. Then we can call it, ok?"

"Mmmm" Sarah frowned...swishing her cheeks as she began thinking about it, closing her eyes and losing herself to deep thought as she switched the positioning of her legs, tapping and fidgeting with her fingers as they rest against her elbows...she lets out an elongated, heavy sigh as she finally opens her eyes. "....Fine...One more try...that's it."

"Awesome! You won't regret it. I promise!" John said, his face lighting up like a tree on Christmas as he ran to his closet. "It's going to be around here somewhere, I just know it is." John tells himself as Sarah leans back in her chair, observing the celling of her dear friends attic. John's a good guy. He can be a little pushy at times but he always meant well. Just like he did here. This was all to help her finally get a good nights rest with the upcoming storm that approached. All while such thoughts swirled around her head she noticed something glimmering and shining on the celling.

She was never particularly afraid of bugs, but anyone would grow a little weary if they saw a spider crawling down from its web to dangle right infront of your face. Sarah blew on it softly, trying to blow it away from her face, in doing so all she managed to do was cause it to swing back and forth before her eyes. Sarah sighed in annoyance, distracting herself from her hurting bladder by watching the spider as it swayed back and forth before her eyes, finding it helped relieve some of the pressure she felt on her lower body and making it so much easier for her to simply breathe.

"Almost there. I know I've got to have something else in here that I can use! I just know it! I'll find it! I promise!" John said, still fishing around inside his closet as Sarah continued watching the spider swing back and forth before her eyes...eventually feeling herself grow more drowsy, her eyes losing focus as her jaw began to unhinge..

"AH HA...FINALLY FOUND IT! Ok I swear this is going to be the o-" John said as he turned back to face Sarah to find her laying against her chair, letting release all control of her muscles like a puppet with no strings. Her jaw lay slack against her chest, her eyes were glossy and blank as if her soul had been sucked out of her body. John looked over Sarah's body in surprise, wondering what it was that hypnotized her, or how deep she truly was in a trance.

He starts walking towards her, reaching a hand outward to try and pick up her hand, see how relaxed her body was. He quickly found his answer as a faint hissing sound filled the room. He backed away slowly, watching as his dear friends pants began filling up like a balloon, a small bubble forming right in between her legs before suddenly letting out a small pop as fluids began spilling all over the edge of her chair, flowing out onto the floor boards. Did she even realize what happened? It wasn't clear. This would require some further analysis....some further testing if you will.

