Having Cousins to Stay

Author: Guest KTV

*000*2012-11-02 00:54

Hi everybody,

I've finally got the 4th chapter of my story written.

Because most people have probably forgotten chapters 1-3 by now (and because I had each chapter in a different thread), I'm just going to post each of the previous chapters here now and then the 4th post will be the new chapter.

Hope you enjoy it!

Kelli

###

Having Cousins to Stay

Chapter 1

One Friday afternoon, Izzy was getting increasingly excited, because she knew that her cousins would be arriving that evening and staying for a whole 3 weeks. Izzy didn't really like her cousin Max, who at 14 was three years older than her, but she loved getting to see her cousin Ellen. Izzy was so excited that she didn't even mind when her sister Anna spent all afternoon pestering her to play a card game. Anna was excited too: Anna was only 9, whereas Izzy was 11 and Ellen was 12, but she still liked it when Ellen came to stay.

Eventually it was time to go to the airport to meet Ellen and Max, so the girls' mum bundled them into the car.

"Anna, have you gone to the toilet? I don't want any problems in the car."

Anna blushed, embarrassed that her mum felt the need to make a point of checking if she'd peed; she hoped she wouldn't do that in front of her cousins. As they began the long drive to the airport, Izzy drifted off into daydreams, thinking about all the things they were going to do in the coming weeks. She hoped that Max wouldn't spoil their fun - he could be pretty mean sometimes, but hopefully he'd grown out of it in the year since they'd last seen their cousins.

The traffic was not too bad on the way to the airport, so the journey took only a little over an hour. They left the car and went to wait at the arrivals gate where their cousins would be emerging shortly. The wait was a little longer than they'd been expecting because the flight was slightly delayed, but before too long Izzy heard a shout:

"Izzy! Anna!" Ellen was running towards them, dragging her suitcase behind her. Her brother Max was following a few steps behind. "Hi, auntie Mary!"

Izzy's mum gave her niece a big hug. "How are you? How was the flight?"

"It was okay. We had to wait around for a while before we could get off the plane, but it was okay."

"Good, I'm glad it wasn't too bad. Hi Max! How are you?"

Izzy and Anna immediately started chatting to Ellen whilst their mum asked Max about the journey.

“Okay, does anybody need the toilet before we get in the car? We should probably be making our way back home.”

“No thanks, Auntie Mary. We went on the plane just before we landed.” Max answered for himself and his sister.

“Okay, great. Anna, perhaps you should come with me whilst I go. Izzy, if you don’t need to then you can start showing Ellen and Max where the car is parked.”

Anna blushed brightly at her mum taking her to the toilet like a little kid, but she did as she was told without making a fuss. Izzy and her cousins started to walk towards the car. Izzy was expecting that Ellen would be desperate to catch up on all her gossip and that they would spend the whole journey home chatting, but as they walked to the car she noticed that she was hanging back, whispering to her brother:

“Why did you tell her that I didn’t need to go? You know that I was holding it the whole time we were waiting to get off the plane!”

Izzy suddenly noticed that her cousin was walking slightly weirdly. After each few steps, she would stop for a moment and press her legs together. By the time they got to the car, Ellen had stopped whispering to Max, but the three of them stood in awkward silence as they waited for Izzy’s mum to get there. Izzy noticed that Ellen was tapping her feet a lot, and that every now and then she was pressing her hand up against her crotch. She looked nervous. It seemed to Izzy like Ellen had to pee, and she wondered if she should tell her mum, or if she should tell Ellen where the toilets were. But she was always very aware that she was a year younger than her cousin, and so she decided not to say anything, in case mentioning the toilet made her seem like a little kid. Soon Izzy’s mum arrived, along with Anna, and they all got into the car.

In the car on the way home, Max was sitting in the front, and so Izzy and Ellen were next to each other in the back. To Izzy’s relief, the awkward silence seemed to be over and they chatted happily about all the things that they had been up to in the past year. But although the atmosphere was now more friendly, Izzy could see that Ellen still seemed to be uncomfortable: she was squirming a lot, and was sitting with her thighs pressed tightly together; every now and then, her hand would linger on her lap, burying itself between her legs. Of course Izzy had seen other young girls desperate to pee before - including Anna lots of times - and in fact she’d seen Ellen urgently needing to pee once or twice too. But still, Izzy was surprised to see this girl whom she idolised as so grown-up and mature, squirming in her seat and apparently desperate to pee.

After they’d been travelling for about twenty minutes, the car slowed to a crawl as they entered heavy traffic. Ellen looked more and more nervous.

“Izzy”, she whispered, “how much longer is it until your house?”

“Um, probably more than an hour still.”

Ellen didn’t look pleased at that news. By this point, she had her hand in her lap constantly, pressing down to hold herself firmly through her skirt, and she was sitting forward on the edge of her seat. Although she had been trying to be subtle about it before, she now seemed to be worried only about keeping control of her bladder.

“Auntie Mary?”

“Yes, darling.”

“Um, I was sort of wondering if there’s any way I could go to the toilet?”

Izzy’s mum looked around at Ellen crossly. “Why didn’t you go in the airport?” Max glanced at Ellen, but their aunt didn’t notice. “I asked if anybody had to pee.”

“I’m really sorry”, Ellen replied quietly. “I didn’t realise how badly I needed to go then.”

“Well if there’s a chance to stop then I’ll let you. But you may have to hold it until we get home. I really shouldn’t be having to make stops for a girl of your age to go pee.”

Izzy felt sorry for her cousin, but she wasn’t surprised. Her mum was always pretty strict about going to the toilet when you got the chance, and not having to make extra stops in the car. She and Anna had both got in trouble with that rule in the past.

The car continued to crawl forwards in the traffic, and Izzy watched in amazement as her cousin got clearly more and more bursting to pee. For Izzy, at 11 years old, it was an embarrassing secret if she still ever got so desperate to pee that she couldn't hide it. And yet now her 12 year old cousin was clearly totally bursting, and in front of an adult as well!

Izzy couldn't help feeling sorry for Ellen as she went very pale and started to chew her lip nervously. She was squirming non-stop in her seat now, and had both her hands grabbing herself tightly through her skirt. And then, clearly unable to hold it like she was anymore, she suddenly pushed up her skirt to reveal her pink panties and grabbed her cunny. Izzy was stunned that her cousin was exposing herself like this in the car, and realised that she really was on the verge of wetting herself. It was at that moment that Ellen spoke again, in a panicked voice:

"Um, Auntie Mary, please can we stop? I don't think I can hold it much longer!"

Izzy's mum looked over her shoulder, and saw her young niece desperately pressing her hands into the crotch of her panties. "Ellen, what are you doing?! That's not acceptable behaviour! Stop touching yourself like that!"

Ellen was almost in tears. "I'm sorry, I can't, I really need to pee!"

Recognising the note of desperation in Ellen's voice, Izzy's mum softened her attitude and tried to think of a place to stop. "Well do whatever you need to hold it, but it will be at least 15 minutes before there's a place where I can pull over. You had better not dirty my car, young lady!"

By the look on her face, Izzy didn't think that her cousin was going to be able to hold it for 15 minutes. She still couldn't believe that this was happening. Surely Ellen wouldn't actually wet herself? Sure, Anna still had the occasional accident. But she was only 9 - and she got in so much trouble when she even came close to wetting her panties. And okay, Izzy herself had...well, she didn't like to think about that. But surely Ellen wouldn't wet herself?

Suddenly it occurred to Izzy that if Ellen did have an accident, she might just have to fly straight home. She had been looking forward to her cousin coming to stay for so long, she couldn't bear it if she didn't stay now. Izzy noticed that Max was looking round the whole time, watching his sister's discomfort and smirking. He's still pretty mean then, she thought to herself.

A few more minutes went by, and Ellen was no longer looking so pale. She was blushing bright red as she squirmed desperately in her seat. Izzy noticed Ellen now had one of her hands holding herself inside her panties, and she was pretty sure she could see a small dark spot on the crotch of the pink material. Suddenly Ellen gasped, and that small wet spot grew rapidly. She put her second hand inside her panties in a desperate last attempt to hold back the flood, but there was nothing more she could do as the pee poured out from between her legs.

"Oh no...oh no, I'm so sorry Auntie Mary!" Ellen began to cry as the flood of pee soaked her panties and started to run down her legs. Pee started to drip down into the footwell and a puddle formed around her on the seat of the car. She stared in shame as her aunt looked round to see the mess that was forming in her car.

"Oh Ellen. I'm so disappointed in you. You're far too old to be embarrassing yourself like this. You can be sure that I'll be calling your parents as soon as we're home. What have you got to say for yourself?"

Ellen couldn't bring herself to look up. "I'm sorry Auntie Mary, I just couldn't hold it any longer!"

"Well then I can see I'm going to have to remember to make sure you've been to the toilet before we get in the car for the next 3 weeks! If you're going to act like such a little kid, I'll have to treat you like one!"

"Yes Auntie..." Ellen mumbled, almost inaudibly.

With a sigh, Izzy's mum went quiet and carried on driving, leaving Ellen to sit silently in her puddle for the last half hour of the journey. Izzy felt so sorry for her cousin, and wanted to say something, but she had no idea what to say. She noticed that Max was still smirking at what had happened to his sister. Anna was probably quite pleased too, Izzy thought, hearing that her cousin (who was three years older than her) was going to be getting the same embarrassing reminders to go pee that she always got from her mum.

Almost nothing was said for the rest of the journey until they arrived home. Izzy's mum parked the car and got out.

"Wait here Ellen - I'm going to get you a towel."

As soon as she was gone, Ellen hissed at her older brother. "Why did you tell her at the airport that we'd both just used the toilet? You knew I had to pee! I hate you so much!"

"It's not my fault", Max taunted her. "I thought a 12 year old would be able to hold it until she got home! I guess you're going to have a fun few weeks here, since we've been here two hours and you're already in trouble!"

Ellen just glared and got out of the car. Izzy got out too. She didn't know if what Ellen had said was true, but if it was then Max really hadn't grown out of his meanness. If anything, he'd got worse.

Izzy's mum came back and took the towel round to where Ellen was standing.

"Hold up your skirt."

Ellen did as she was told and lifted up her skirt to reveal her soaked panties and thighs streaked with pee. She flinched with obvious embarrassment as her aunt took the hem of her soaked underwear and pulled them down to her feet. Ellen stepped out of the wet clothes and her aunt wrapped the towel around her waist.

"Right, go upstairs and have a shower, then come back down and maybe we'll start your holiday again."

Having Cousins to Stay

Chapter 2

After her humiliating accident in the car home from the airport, Ellen was very quiet for a lot of the day, in particular saying almost nothing to her brother at any point. But slowly as the afternoon went by she started to forget what had happened and became the fun, chatty cousin that Izzy knew.

Izzy and Ellen had spent the day mostly watching TV, and sometimes playing with Anna. But as Ellen started to get more talkative they spent some time just catching up, talking about boys and school and plans for the summer. When Izzy's Dad came home from work and said Hello to Ellen and Max, Izzy could sense Ellen's relief that nobody said anything about her accident. By the time they all had to sit down for dinner, it was starting to feel like the awkwardness from before had gone and that Izzy and Ellen could have the summer together that they'd been looking forward to.

While they were eating the meal, Izzy's mum explained to Max and Ellen what the sleeping arrangements were:

"You are all squeezed into one room unfortunately, but you two do at least have a single bed each. Izzy and Anna will share the double."

Izzy sighed loudly - this was something she'd been arguing about with her mum for weeks. "Do I have to, mum? Ellen and Max are here for 3 weeks and you know Anna's going to wet her bed at least once in that time! Why doesn't she have one of the single beds and I can just share the double with Ellen."

Anna flushed bright red with embarrassment. "I will not! Anyway you still sometimes..."

"Be quiet, both of you!" Their mum silenced them angrily. "Izzy, we've already discussed this. I'm not making your cousins have to share beds while they're staying here. And anyway, Anna, you're going to be a good girl, act your age and make sure we don't have any more problems - aren't you?"

Anna blushed even brighter red and stared at the table, mumbling "Yes mum".

After dinner, all four kids sat down on the sofa to watch a movie. They were all enjoying it, but Anna was particularly wrapped up, and after a little while Izzy noticed that her little sister was obviously ignoring a full bladder in order to keep watching. She was sat with one foot curled up underneath her, constantly bouncing up and down on her heel in that tell-tale sign of a little girl who needs to pee. Izzy couldn't believe how often her sister did this - she'd had her fair share of accidents as a little girl herself, but they were normally because she was too shy to give any indication that she needed the toilet, and she certainly wouldn't let herself get obviously more and more desperate when she could just go to the bathroom at any time, like Anna did.

Izzy thought about sharing a joke with Ellen about what Anna was doing, but then she thought that her cousin might not be in the mood for jokes about having to pee today after what had happened in the car. She kept watching the film, but also kept half an eye on her sister - noticing that she was now occasionally grabbing her crotch through her skirt. The only time she stopped squirming and grabbing herself was when either of their parents came into the room: Anna knew very well that they'd be mad with her if they realised she was putting off going to the toilet again.

When there wasn't too long to go in the film, Izzy's mum came in. "I'm about to go and run the bath for bathtime. Girls, if you come up after the film for your bath. Max - I'm sure you're old enough now that you can take care of your own bath, so you can have the bathroom to yourself once I'm done with the girls." Max smiled. "Anna, do you need to use the toilet before I start running the bath?"

Anna was only half listening to what her mum was saying, with most of her attention on the TV screen. "No, I'm okay mum."

"Are you absolutely sure?"

"Yes!" Anna replied impatiently, not liking that her mum was singling her out like this in front of her older cousins. Izzy could tell that Anna was only just managing to resist the urge to squirm desperately while their mum was in the room. As soon as she went to start filling the bath, Anna was burying her hand between her legs again as she tried to hold on until the end of the film.

The film came to an end and the girls started to get up and go to get ready for their bath. As soon as she stood up, Anna immediately crossed her legs tightly around one of her hands, squirming desperately on the spot. As they all got undressed in their bedroom, Izzy and Ellen chatted about the film, not paying too much attention to Anna who was struggling a little to peel off her clothes with one hand buried permanently in her crotch. Eventually she got her panties off, and still grabbing herself she hurried into the bathroom.

When she got into the bathroom, she tried for a moment to maintain the deception for her mum, letting go of her crotch and trying to stand still, but she was just too desperate and she couldn't resist the urge to tightly cross her legs and squirm on the spot.

Her mum was immediately angry. "Anna, what are you doing?"

"I'm, I'm sorry...I just..."

"I asked you just a few minutes ago if you needed to use the toilet and you said no."

"I'm sorry, I didn't realise how badly I had to go." Anna danced desperately in front of her mum, trying her hardest to resist the temptation to grab between her legs because she knew that would get her in even more trouble.

"You're 9 years old Anna, you're not a baby. I shouldn't be having to tell you to go to the toilet, you should be able to keep your panties dry on your own."

"I know mum, I'm sorry." Anna was so embarrassed to be having this conversation again, especially knowing that her sister and her cousin had now come into the room too, ready for their baths. "Please can I just go to the toilet quickly before my bath - I promise I won't put it off next time."

"No, you know the rules. I'm going to give you your bath, and Ellen and Izzy will have theirs, and then you can use the toilet once nobody else is using the bathroom anymore."

Izzy felt pretty sorry for her sister. Their parents rules were very clear that you didn't use the toilet while somebody else was using the bathroom, but that didn't make it any easier for Anna right now.

Their mum lifted Anna into the bath and started to wash her as quickly as she could. Anna squirmed desperately, trying to keep her legs pressed tightly together, but constantly getting told to sit still or to open her legs so that her mum could wash her properly. Finally it was done, and she got back out of the bath and took a towel from the rack. Immediately she buried both hands in her crotch, pretending that she was just wrapping the towel around herself. Even grabbing herself tightly, she couldn't stand still and she pleaded to be allowed to use the toilet: "Please mum, can I just pee quickly before Izzy and Ellen have their bath?"

"No Anna, you have to learn to act your age. Dry yourself off, and then go put your nightie on. It will only be a few more minutes and then you can use the toilet."

Anna continued to grab herself tightly through the towel, half-heartedly drying herself like she'd been told to, and dancing desperately on the spot. Izzy and Ellen both wanted to help her out, so they washed themselves as quickly as they could. As Izzy was finishing off in the bath, Anna dropped the towel and hurried back to the bedroom to get her nightie. When Izzy and Ellen were both done, they went back to the bedroom as well and found Anna rooted to the spot, her nightie pushed up and both hands desperately gripping her crotch. A tiny streak of pee was trickling down her thigh.

Izzy immediately felt a pang of sympathy for her little sister. "Come on Anna, we're finished in the bathroom, you can go pee now."

"I don't know if I can make it" she replied quietly, with tears in her eyes.

"You'll be okay, just hurry in there now before you leak anymore."

Giving her legs one final squeeze together, Anna hurried out the door just in time to see Max going into the bathroom. "Nooo! Max, please I need to use the bathroom quickly! Please I can't wait!"

Max closed the door and locked it. "Sorry, I'm taking my shower now, you'll have to wait until I'm done." From inside the bathroom came the sound of the shower running.

"Noo, that's not fair!" Anna started crying, with another trickle of pee leaking out past her hands. Dancing outside the bathroom door, she crossed her legs as tightly as she could over her hands in a final effort to hold back the flood. She knew how much trouble she'd be in if she peed, but she had to go so bad, and she couldn't block out the sound of the shower pouring down in the bathroom. She felt a bigger spurt escape from between her legs, tickling the back of her thighs. She tried to squeeze herself even tighter, but she couldn't hold it anymore and her bladder suddenly gave way. A flood of pee poured out past her hands, going from a trickle between her thighs to a torrent in moments. She closed her eyes in horror as that familiar warm, wet feeling ran down her legs to the floor, puddling at her feet.

Eventually the pee stopped, and Anna looked down at the mess on the floor. The puddle seemed huge. She tried to think what she should do now, but she knew she didn't have a choice. Trembling, she knocked on her parents' door: "Um, mum, I'm sorry...I couldn't make it."

Her mum came out and took one look at the 9 year old's ashamed face and glistening thighs, and the pool outside the bathroom door. "Oh Anna, I'm so disappointed in you. When are you going to start acting your age?"

Anna couldn't hold back her tears. "I'm sorry mum, I almost held it, but then Max went in for his shower and I couldn't wait any longer..."

Izzy and Ellen had both come out of the bedroom to see what was going on. "You two get to bed, I'm going to have to give Anna another bath once Max is done in the shower."

"Okay mum." Suddenly, Izzy had a thought. "If Anna's coming to bed later when she's had another bath, should I share the double bed with Ellen for now?" She was slightly worried that her mum would think she was just arguing again, but it really did make sense.

"Yes, fine. You two just go to bed and I'll deal with your sister."

Having Cousins to Stay

Chapter 3

Izzy and Ellen went back into their room to get ready for bed. As Izzy put on her nightie, she noticed that Ellen was wearing regular pyjamas. She instinctively felt a little self-conscious and tried to tug the hem of her nightie down. She was always trying to make sure her older cousin liked her, and she worried that maybe Ellen would think she was a baby because she wasn't wearing pyjamas.

Outside in the corridor, they could hear Anna's parents giving her a big telling off. Izzy felt sorry for her little sister, she knew she'd get in a lot of trouble now and would probably get a spanking as punishment. She thought about saying something about it, or maybe trying to make a joke to seem cool, but she figured that Ellen probably wouldn't want to talk about accidents right now after what had happened in the car.

Just as they were starting to get into bed, Max came into the room. Seeing that he was out of the shower, Izzy went out into the hall to use the toilet. As she did, her mom came out of her parents' room, where Anna was about to be given her spanking.

"I thought you were in bed."

"I will be in a minute. I'm just going to the toilet - I thought you'd prefer I go now rather than waiting until you've given Anna another wash."

"Okay, be quick, then straight to bed."

Relieved that her mom hadn't tried to send her back to bed, she hurried into the bathroom. Lifitng up her nightie and sitting down on the toilet, she pushed out a few small streams of pee. She hadn't needed to go much, but she had learned by now that it was definitely best that she try to use the toilet before bed. Once she was done, she went back into her room and got into the double bed where Ellen was already lying.

Not too long later, after her second bath, Anna came in and quickly got into bed. They were all lying there quietly when Izzy and Anna's parents opened the door to say goodnight, then turned off the hall light and went back to the lounge. None of them said anything for a while and they were starting to drift off to sleep when Max spoke up:

"You'd better not wet the bed Ellen - I bet Aunt Mary would be pretty mad if her 12 year old niece pissed herself and then wet the bed in her first day here."

"Shut up Max, you know I don't wet the bed." Ellen blushed a little, but nobody could see in the dark, and she was pleased that she'd managed to sound like she hadn't been bothered by what Max had said.

"You seemed pretty concerned to make sure you peed just before bed every night when we went camping with Mom and Dad last month."

"That was only because we weren't allowed to use the toilet during the night, normally I wouldn't care."

"Yeah, but you can't go to the toilet in the night here either."

"Just go to sleep Max, you're talking rubbish."

"Just ask Izzy if you don't believe me. I can't believe you forgot that Aunt Mary and Uncle Richard don't let you out of bed at night!" He sounded triumphant. "Anyway, goodnight!"

Ellen was silent for a moment, feeling nervous. She tried to talk quietly: "Izzy, is that right?"

Izzy didn't know what to say, she hated Max being right but she hadn't thought to remind her cousin about her parents' rules. "Um, yeah. Once they've said goodnight, we're not allowed out of bed until they're up in the morning." She paused. "Is that okay?"

"Oh, um yeah, of course. I'd just forgotten. It's fine...obviously. Goodnight." Ellen did her best to sound confident. She was furious with herself for forgetting about that, but it had been ages since she'd stayed with her aunt and uncle. She tried to persuade herself that she'd be okay...she often didn't need to use the toilet during the night normally, and she hadn't had much to drink during the evening. She closed her eyes, silently praying that it wouldn't be a problem for her.

[several hours later - early in the morning.]

Ellen woke up in the dark, and immediately realised that she'd been woken by a strong urge from her bladder. Instinctively squeezing her thighs together, she was about to get out of bed when she saw from the dim light coming through the window that her cousin Izzy was sleeping beside her. After a moment's sleepy confusion, she remembered that she was staying with her aunt and uncle, and then the memories of the day before came flooding back to her - the embarrassment of her accident in the car and... her getting reminded too late that they weren't allowed out of bed for the bathroom until her aunt and uncle were awake. She squirmed nervously in the bed, keeping her legs tightly together. She had to go pretty badly and she thought it was still early. Her aunt and uncle might be asleep for a while yet.

She looked around nervously as her eyes adjusted to the darkness, but the others all seemed to be asleep still. She curled up a little to try and get some more pressure on her pee-hole, and decided that she'd just need to lie still and hold it. She must be able to do that, she told herself.

About 15 minutes went by, but Ellen was having to squirm more and more. Once or twice she'd let her hand creep down to her crotch for a quick grab to help ease the pressure. She knew she wasn't going to be able to last much longer, she had to get to the bathroom. She didn't want to admit her predicament, espcially to her younger cousin, but she knew that Izzy looked up to her and would want to do almost anything to be in her good books, including keeping this quiet. She reached out and gently rocked Izzy's shoulder.

"Izzy, wake up." She tried to whisper. "Wake up."

Slowly Izzy woke up and realised that Ellen was already awake and had woken her deliberately.

"Um hey, what's up?"

"Shhh." Ellen held her finger to her lips, not wanting Anna or Max to wake up, and then carried on whispering. "I, um...I kinda need the bathroom." She blushed a little with embarrassment as she admitted it. "Do you reckon I could just go?"

"Oh, um, right." Izzy remembered the conversation from the night before. She really wanted to help, but she knew that going to the bathroom just wasn't an option. "I'm really sorry, but no. My parents would hear you and get really mad - it's right by their bedroom and my mom is such a light sleeper. She'd catch you before you even went in. They're so strict about the rule of not wanting us up and about before they're awake."

Ellen's heart sank, and she dropped her hand to her crotch again, hoping Izzy couldn't tell what she was doing under the duvet.

"Are you going to be okay?" Izzy continued. She'd always looked up a lot to Ellen and presumed that such a grown up 12 year old would never have trouble with having to hold it. The accident in the car had come as a pretty big shock, but she still didn't expect to see Ellen urgently needing to pee again.

"Um, yeah...yeah, of course. I'll just wait." Ellen was pretty sure that she hadn't sounded confident, and she blushed even redder, so embarrassed to be having to have this conversation. "I'll just um, wait for a bit then."

They lay there in silence. Izzy was going to go back to sleep, but it was hard because Ellen was squirming around a lot next to her. Ellen put her hand back in her crotch again, gripping her pee-hole tightly, and closed her legs tightly over her hand. She tried to lie as still as she could, but it was difficult. She couldn't believe this was happening. After a few more minutes, she had to go even worse.

"Um Izzy..." She was really getting nervous now about what was going to happen. "Isn't there anything we can do to maybe get your parents to wake up sooner? What do you do if you wake up and you have to go really bad?"

Izzy felt slightly awkward when Ellen asked that. She didn't like to think about the times when she'd woken up too desperate to wait, and she really didn't want to admit it to her older cousin. "Well, um, I just hold it I guess." She thought about her parents' morning routine. "I mean, the only time they get up any earlier is if we've wet the bed. I mean if Anna's wet the bed." She corrected herself quickly.

"Does she still do that?" Ellen was desperate enough for anything that might help her out.

"Oh, yeah she does sometimes. When she does that, she goes and tells my mom or dad, and they normally get up then to come strip the bed. I'm allowed up then if I'm awake."

"Can we check?"

"Uh, I guess." Izzy was surprised by how much her cousin was pursuing this, and she realised that she must really have to pee bad.

They both slipped out of bed, Ellen managing to let go of her crotch as she did so, but still having to cross her legs and squirm as Izzy slowly pulled back Anna's duvet. She managed to pull it back without waking her, but underneath Anna was lying with her nightie up around her hips, revealing her bare crotch and a clearly dry sheet.

Seeing that she wasn't going to be saved that way, Ellen felt another pang of desperation from her bladder. She bit her lip nervously and couldn't resist reaching down and squeezing her pee-hole again, worried that she might start leaking really soon. Her mind was racing...she just couldn't wet her bed, it would be so, so embarrasing. Aunt Mary would be so mad and Max would tease her so much as well.

"Izzy, if Anna had wet the bed, would we definitely be able to leave the room?"

"Um, yeah..." Izzy wasn't sure why Ellen was still interested. "She goes and tells them when she wakes up. They sometimes tell her off in their room first, but then they come in here and have to turn the light on to strip the bed. They don't mind if I get up when they're doing that."

Ellen squirmed on the spot, desperately pressing her thighs together to stop any pee leaking out from between her legs. She knew she had no choice. She tiptoed over to the head of Anna's bed, where she was still lying with her duvet pulled back, reached out and started tickling her cousin's armpits.

Anna woke up with a start, and immediately started giggling from the tickling. "Hehehe...hey...what are you doin...hehehehe."

She squirmed around, trying to escape. But with Ellen looming over her she couldn't escape. The tickling continued.

"Hehehehe...nnnn....hehehehe....no, ple....hehehehe...please stop!" Anna struggled to get the words out as she was giggling so much, but she tried to plead with Ellen to stop as the laughter combined with her full overnight bladder was making her need to pee badly. She crossed one thigh over the other as she continued to writhe around in search of any escape from her cousin's tickling fingers.

Ellen moved one hand down to tickle Anna's stomach which had been pushed up to chest height by her squirming. But even as she focussed on what she was doing, her own bladder was still sending her urgent signals that she couldn't hold on much longer. She saw that Anna was tightly crossing her legs and knew that would make it take a lot longer for her will to give in.

"Izzy, can you grab your sister's feet? Just hold them apart."

Izzy was taken aback - she was already surprised by what Ellen was doing, but she hadn't expected to get involved herself. She looked at her little sister's face, still pleading with Ellen to stop before the tickling made her pee. Ellen ignored Anna's pleas, but even her own tightly crossed legs couldn't stop a tiny stream of pee leaking out into the crotch of her pyjamas. Mortified to be doing this in front of both her younger cousins, but knowing she had no choice, she shoved one hand down inside her pyjamas to stem the flow, while continuing to tickle with the other hand.

"Come on Izzy, what are you waiting for? Just grab her feet!"

Izzy knew she shouldn't and that it was mean, but she wanted so badly to impress Ellen. She grabbed Anna's feet, and held them both down to the mattress, forcing the 9 year old to uncross her legs.

"Hehehehehe...no...Izzy...nnn...hehehehe." Anna couldn't believe that her sister was joining in too. She writhed desperately, knowing how much trouble she'd be in if she peed in her bed. But without any way to put pressure on her pee-hole it was so hard to hold it in. She struggled as hard as she could against the older girls, lifting her bare crotch up off the mattress and trying in vain to press her thighs together to hold back from wetting herself. Then suddenly she gasped.

"Nnnn...nooooo...hehehehe...plea...hehehehe...nooooo."

A river of pee started to pour out from between her legs, immediately wetting the sheet beneath her and forming a dark spot all around her crotch. Ellen stopped tickling and Izzy let go of her feet as the stream of pee continued to flow, soaking her bed. When it finally stopped, she sat up with tears in her eyes, glaring at Izzy in particular as she stood up out of bed and pulled down her nightie to cover herself back up. Izzy stared at the floor, not wanting to meet her little sister's gaze as she headed out of the room to go tell her parents that her bed needed changing.

Ellen felt guilty too, but she had to pee so badly that she didn't think about it for too long. She still had one hand inside her pyjamas, holding herself closed as tightly as she could, but it didn't feel like enough. She had to go so, so bad. Watching the pee streaming out from between Anna's legs had not helped her own situation. She danced frantically on the spot.

"How long does it normally take before they come in once Anna's told them?"

"Um...sorry, what?" Izzy was still thinking about what they'd done to Anna, and not really paying attention. She'd made Anna pee by tickling her before, but that was only half on-purpose, and it wasn't to stop her from getting in trouble herself. But anyway, she told herself, hopefully it had shown Ellen that she was cool.

"I said how long does it normally take before your parents...oh god." Ellen felt another stream about to leak out past her hand and knew she couldn't hold on another moment. "Don't look!"

Without waiting another second, she pulled down her pyjama pants, got into Anna's bed and squatted right where her cousin had soaked it. Flushed with shame and embarrassment, but also relief, she let what felt like a waterfall of pee pour out of her, further soaking the sheet on Anna's bed. After a long while she was finished, and she quickly got out of the bed and pulled her pyjamas back on. Trying not to think about the embarrassment of what her cousin had just seen her do, she got quickly back into the double bed.

"We should be in bed shouldn't we - for when your mom or dad comes in?"

"Um, yeah, good idea. We probably should."

Izzy got back into bed and laid down next to her cousin. After a few minutes, her mom came into the room with Anna and switched on the light. She immediately saw the wet bed that her daughter had woken her up to admit to.

"Oh Anna! When are you going to stop doing this? You're far too old to still be wetting your bed."

Anna was crying with frustration and injustice. "But mom, I told you, Ellen and Izzy tickled me and made me pee. It wasn't my fault!"

"I don't care Anna, you still shouldn't be wetting your bed whatever they were doing. But is that true that you were tickling her, Izzy, and that's why she peed?" She turned to look at her older daughter.

Just as Izzy was about to say something, Ellen spoke up for her. "That's not true Aunt Mary. We were kidding around that we might tickle her or something while we were waiting for you and Uncle Richard to wake up, but when we pulled her duvet back she was already wet." Izzy nodded along, in awe of how well her cousin lied.

Anna protested, but her mom immediately silenced her. "I don't want to hear any more from you Anna, you're in big enough trouble as it is. You go wait in the bathroom while I deal with your mess." Anna left the room sulkily as her mom started to strip the bed.

###

So having reposted the first 3 chapters, the fourth chapter is below.

I hope everyone likes it - do let me know what you think.

As always, I appreciate any feedback (like which chapter you like most and why) and any ideas for future chapters!

Kelli

###

Having Cousins to Stay

Chapter 4

Throughout that morning, Anna barely spoke to Izzy and Ellen, sulking at what they'd done to her that night and the trouble that she had got in. Izzy did feel bad about what she'd done, but she looked up to her cousin so much that as they spent the morning hanging out together, she was still slightly excited that she had helped her out in her moment of need.

Anna was getting a pretty cold reception herself from her mom and dad, who were seriously unhappy that she'd wet herself outside the bathroom that evening, and then wet her bed as well. When he had found out in the morning that she'd wet the bed, Max had made a few teasing comments to his young cousins - but he'd been sensible enough not to say anything in front of his aunt or uncle, and after a while he left her alone.

They all spent their time in the house, until just after lunch when it was time for Izzy and Anna to go to their weekly ballet lesson. Izzy hated going to ballet. She had been going since she was 7 years old and she wasn't too bad at it, but she didn't really enjoy it. She had also always struggled with the fact that there wasn't a bathroom at the ballet studio: it was only a small building, and because the lessons weren't too long, the ballet school presumed that kids would just use the toilets before they left home and then wouldn't need to go during class. For Izzy, with her smallish bladder, she'd often struggled with this and had had a few really embarrassing momets over the years. Anna had exactly the same difficulty. It drove their mom crazy that both her daughters were so often bursting by the end of class, or worse.

Once they'd finished lunch, Izzy and Anna both went and changed into their ballet leotards. Then, as always, they both used the toilet at the last moment before they left the house. Izzy didn't really feel the need to go, and could only squeeze out a couple of drops, but she was glad to have made sure her bladder was empty before she headed off to class. Leaving Max and Ellen at home briefly, the girls' mom drove them to the ballet studio. Traffic wasn't too bad, and she dropped them off in good time for the start of their lesson. They each went into a different room to join up with their age-group, and soon the classes began as normal.

As her lesson went by, Izzy was actually finding it fairly enjoyable this week. Although she wasn't the best in the class, she was nearer the top than the bottom and she quite liked the routine they were currently rehearsing. Eventually though, as they entered the second half of the lesson, that familiar feeling started to grow in her abdomen. No matter how careful she was to pee before she left home, she often seemed to end up needing to pee during class - not helped by the constant moving and stretching.

She tried to continue focussing on her dancing as the need grew stronger, and she prayed silently that it wouldn't get too bad. Once she was into the last 15 minutes of class, she stood with her legs pressed together whenever she could do so without drawing attention to herself. She even crossed them occasionally to get some relief from her urge to pee. In the last few minutes, it became clear that she was going to hold on okay until the end of class, but she was still longing for the lesson to finish so that she could hurry out and head home.

Eventually they were dismissed from class, and she hurried towards the exit, hoping that her mom would be there already with the car. Once she was in the car, she knew she would be able to cross her legs and even hold herself if she had to, as long as she didn't let her mom catch her. She got outside, and her heart sank: Anna was already there waiting, but their mom hadn't arrived yet. Anna clearly had to go bad. She had her legs tightly crossed, and was dancing desperately on the spot. She was blushing bright red in embarrassment at all the other girls seeing her act that way, but she obviously had to go too badly to resist.

Izzy went and stood next to her sister, trying hard not to act desperate herself.

"Did Mom say anything to you about being late to collect us today?", she asked.

"No", her sister replied nervously, "but I really hope she's here soon. She'll be so mad if I pee again after what you did to me last night."

Anna's angry reference to what happened that night made Izzy think back guiltily, but she quickly forced herself not to think about it because the mental images of Anna desperately writhing on her bed and the flood of pee pouring out from between her legs did not help with the urgent messages from her own bladder.

"Oh god...I have to pee so bad!" Anna moaned quietly.

Izzy longed to tell her to be quiet, really not wanting to hear anybody talking about pee right now, but she stayed silent as she didn't want to let Anna realise that she also needed to pee.

The minutes ticked by, with both girls getting more desperate. Most of the other girls had gone by now, as they got picked up or started to walk home. Izzy was standing with her legs permanently crossed, but she was still just about managing to hide that she badly needed to go. She longed to grab her pee-hole for a moment or at least squirm on the spot, but she knew it would be so much less embarrassing if she could just wait a little longer and do those things more subtly once she was sitting in the back of the car.

In contrast, Anna had given up on any attempt at subtlety. She was dancing frantically on the spot, with one hand clamped between her legs. Wearing nothing but a leotard and ballet pumps, anybody who saw her could tell that she desperately burying her hand into her crotch, pushing the thin material of her leotard tightly against her pee-hole. Izzy knew that when their mom arrived she would be mad with Anna for how she was behaving, but she was also starting to wonder if her sister would really be able to last for the drive home. She hoped she would hold it: although she was still pretty confident that she herself could last the drive home by holding herself in the car, that might get a lot harder if she had to endure seeing rivers of pee pouring down her sister's legs while she was still trying to hold back her own flood.

Eventually, their dad's sports car turned into the studio parking lot. Izzy's heart sank: her parents had come with Ellen and Max in the back, so she was not going to have nearly as much privacy in the car as she had been hoping. As the car pulled up next to them, Anna tried her hardest to hide her predicament. She kept her legs crossed but stopped dancing, and she removed her hand from between her legs.

Their dad wound down his window. "Hi girls. Sorry we're late, your mom and I took your cousins to..."

She tailed off as Anna started to dance again, anxiously playing with the hem of her leotard as she desperately tried to resist the urge to grab herself.

"Anna - what's wrong hun?"

Anna couldn't bear it any longer. She buried both hands back between her legs, gyrating her hips furiously as she pressed as hard as she could on her pee-hole.

"I'm sorry Dad! I really have to pee! We were waiting for you to arrive and I need to go and..."

He got out of the car. "Okay, well then we'll take you home and you can use the bathroom. But you'd better take your hand out of there immediately - you know better than to act like that!" His voice was stern.

Reluctantly, Anna took her hand out from between her legs. She desperately pressed her thighs together as tightly as she could, writhing on the spot as she tried to hold back her pee. But she couldn't hold it all back. She gasped as a trickle escaped from between her legs. Wearing just a leotard, the line of pee was clearly visible as it ran down her bare thigh. Almost in tears, she jammed her hands back into her crotch to hold back the flood.

"I'm sorry Dad! I just have to go so bad."

"Don't you dare do that young lady! You're nine years old: you should be able to hold it without acting like a toddler!" Her snatched her wrist and pulled her hands away, giving her a slap on the bottom as he did so. He didn't hit her hard, but the jolt to her bladder and losing the pressure off her hands on her pee-hole was more than she could bear. Sobbing, the pee started to pour out of her. The thin material of her leotard was soon overwhelmed, and it streamed down her legs to pool at her feet.

As she saw the liquid flowing down her sister's legs, Izzy's bladder pleaded to be emptied. As everyone else was distracted by Anna's predicament, Izzy slipped around to the other side of the car. Forcing herself to look away, she did her best to block out the sounds of the fluids cascading to the ground. Once she was hidden round on the other side of the car, Izzy slipped one hand into her crotch. The relief felt amazing. She pressed against her pee-hole as firmly as she could, easing the pressure on her bladder. Doing that, she managed to hold on until the sounds of flowing pee stopped and it got very slightly easier to hold. Knowing that people would look back at her soon, she forced herself to take her hand out from between her legs.

Izzy stood still, but with her legs tightly crossed, as Anna got a big telling off from her parents. It was only as they got Anna sat down in the car, blaming her for the damage that her pee-soaked bum was going to do to the seat, that Izzy realised that there wouldn't be a spare seat. Before she could work out what she would do, her dad spoke up:

"Izzy, we figured you'd all be able to squeeze in. It's not too long a journey. Just sit on Max's lap, okay?"

Izzy was horrified. She didn't trust Max, and she knew she wouldn't be able to do anything discreet to hold it while she was on his lap.

"But Dad, can't I just..."

After Anna's accident, he was not in the mood for her to talk back. "Just get in the car Izzy and sit on Max's lap. I don't want an argument - wait, hang on, you're not about to pee as well are you?"

Izzy blushed bright red when he said that, appalled that he would suggest in front of her cousins that she might have an accident. "No, of course not!" She knew her parents would be mad if she admitted how bursting she was.

"Good. Then just get in the car."

She had no choice. She got in and sat down on Max's lap, as her dad started the car and they began to drive back home.

In the first few minutes of the drive, Izzy tried to find a comfortable position. She couldn't bear the idea of grabbing herself when her parents or Izzy might see, let alone when it would be right in front of Max. But he was sat with his legs apart, and hers were hooked over the outsides of his. Panicking, she realised that she couldn't bring her legs together unless he changed his position. Bursting to pee, and terrified that she was about to leak, she started to squirm desperately in his lap.

"Just still still, would you?!" He was quick to complain.

"I'm just trying to get comfortable", she hissed.

He was silent for a few moments, as she continued to fidget frantically, and then he whispered in her ear: "Ohhhh...I see why you can't sit still!"

His tone made Izzy nervous. "What do you mean? I'm just uncomfortable."

"Yeah, of course you are." He continued to whisper. "That's why you don't mind me talking about pouring waterfalls and trickling streams..."

"Shut up!" Izzy started to panic when she realised that he knew she had to pee. Her bladder begged for relief, and she thought she might leak any second. She was also worried that Ellen might hear him and notice her predicament as well, but in the moving open-top car it was too windy for anyone else to hear them whispering.

"What? You don't need to go? Then you probably didn't find it too hard to watch when your sister's dam burst, and that huge lake of pee began to flow down her legs!"

"No! Stop! Please...don't do that!" She knew she couldn't hold on much longer. She was starting to think it might be deliberate that Max was sitting such that she couldn't press her legs together.

He carried on whispering. "I'll stop, and I'll help you hold it now, if you make a deal with me."

"What? What do you mean?" Izzy was so scared that she was going to pee. Her hands were on the midriff of her leotard, trying to subtly pull upwards on it so that she'd get some pressure against her crotch.

"For the rest of my trip, if I want to get Ellen in trouble for anything, you have to help me. Okay?"

"What? Why?" Izzy was shocked - she hadn't been expecting him to say anything like that. But she also knew she didn't have very long to decide.

"It's up to you. Either you agree or I might just try tickling your armpits. It shouldn't matter to you, since we all heard you say a few moments ago that you don't need to go pee..."

"Okay!" Izzy's desperation overcame her. She liked Ellen more than anybody, but she knew how humiliated she would be in front of her if she wet, and how mad her parents would be. And, if she wet herself on Max's lap, she feared she would never hear the end of it.

As soon as she agreed, Max shuffled in his seat so that his legs were together. Izzy immediately crossed her legs tightly over each other, leaning forward to get the maximum pressure against her pee-hole. She breathed a huge sigh of relief as the threat of peeing receeded a little.

As they drove home, she kept her thighs as tightly squeezed together as she could. She was still bursting to pee, and she squirmed constantly on Max's lap. Silently, she thought about the deal she had made. She had no idea what he would want her to do, but she really hoped it wouldn't be anything to make Ellen like her less.

As they got really close to her house, she was still desperately fighting the urge to pee. She realised that she was going to have to grab herself, or she just couldn't hold on any longer. She'd managed to make herself forget that she was sitting on her cousin's lap in nothing but a leotard, constantly crossing her bare thighs and squirming anxiously, but now she really started to feel self-conscious.

"Don't look!" she whispered at Max. Then she reached down and slipped her fingers in between her crossed thighs, while she hid what she was doing with her other hand. Blushing furiously, she pressed her fingertips firmly against the crotch of her leotard. Realising that she was too desperate now for that to work, she slipped her fingers inside the material and tightly pressed her pee-hole closed. She couldn't believe that she was doing this on Max's lap, and she prayed that Ellen and her parents wouldn't notice.

The car pulled in to their house, and to Izzy's relief her parents' focus remained on Anna. They made her get out of the car and wait there until her mom could come back with a towel to dry her off. Taking this opportunity, Izzy jumped up and hurried into the house. She felt a few drops of pee starting to leak into her leotard, but as soon as he was inside she put both hands between her legs, begging her bladder to hold on for just a few more moments. She rushed into the bathroom, slammed the door closed, and pulled aside the crotch of her leotard as she sat straight down on the toilet. At that very moment, the flood of pee began to pour out of her. Emptying her bladder fully, she felt the relief wash over her as she thought back over how close she'd come to totally embarrassing herself.

*011*2012-12-13 19:03

Hi everyone, really glad that people are still enjoying the story.

I'd really appreciate suggestions about where to take it next... Obviously I have some ideas, but I always like to hear others too!

*013*2013-01-04 13:52

Chapter 5 coming today!

Still no ideas or requests for what people would like to have in the next part?

I've got ideas for a day at the amusement park, or another bedwetting, or a couple of other situations...

*022*2013-01-14 02:58

Hi everyone,

Sorry it took a bit longer than I hoped!

Chapter 5a is below. I'm aiming to have Chapter 5b finished soon... There's two storylines intertwined this time - hopefully it's clear when it switches from one to the other!

Please let me know what you think and if you've got any feedback or suggestions. I really appreciate getting comments!

Kelli

###

That afternoon, after getting Anna cleaned up from her accident at ballet and giving her a long telling off, the girls' Mom found the other kids and suggested an outing that she thought they might look forward to.

"So girls, how about I take you to the mall this evening and we'll go shopping for some clothes?".

Izzy and Ellen both agreed enthusiastically. "Good, I thought you'd like that. Max - I guessed you wouldn't be so keen for clothes shopping, so your uncle's going to take you to the basketball game instead. Okay?"

Max was also pleased, as he never got to go to the game when he was at home. At that moment, Anna came into the room, wearing clean clothes and deliberately avoiding anybody else's gaze.

"Anna, I'm not going to reward you by taking you shopping after your behaviour today, and you can't stay here on your own, so you'll have to go to the game with Max and your Dad."

"Mom! I don't want to go to a basketball game, and it wasn't my fault earlier, I held on as long as I..."

"Quiet! I'm not going to argue about this! Wetting right outside the bathroom yesterday evening, then in bed and then at ballet - you're 9 years old, not 4, and I'm not going to give you treats like new clothes until you start acting you're age!"

Anna could tell there was no point arguing. Sulking, she left the room and went up to her bedroom. Not long afterwards she heard her Dad calling her. She went back downstairs and found that it was time for them to leave for the basketball. Max was enthusiastically chatting to his uncle about the game, and she was still sulking, so she just put on her shoes and got into the car without saying anything.

Izzy and Ellen stayed in the house, watching TV until Izzy's Mom was ready to head to the mall. They chatted casually about things, until Ellen mentioned Anna's accidents:

"So does your sister always wet herself this often?"

Izzy suddenly felt nervous. Despite Ellen's accident in the car on the way home from the airport, Izzy had guessed that she must be surprised to have seen a 9 year old wet herself twice in two days (and wet the bed from a little bit of tickling). Izzy paused for a moment, not wanting her cousin to think that she was a baby just because of her sister.

"Um, not always this often, but she does do it fairly often. Don't you think it's so babyish?! I never did that anymore by her age."

As soon as she said that, Izzy blushed, hoping Ellen didn't remember her wetting herself at a family gathering when she was at least 10 years old.

"It must really annoy your parents!"

"Yeah, they get so mad", Izzy replied. "especially when she puts it off to the last minute when she could have gone anytime."

Izzy wondered if she should say anything else. She desperately wanted Ellen to think she was cool, and was worried that she might ruin that if she didn't seem surprised by Anna's accidents, let alone if Ellen found out about any of her own accidents, even if they were much rarer than Anna's.

At that moment, her Mom called them. "Come on girls, let's go to the mall."

"Awesome." Ellen jumped up and headed out to the car. Izzy followed her, and they set off.

** Basketball **

When they arrived at the game, Anna's Dad parked the car and they headed into the stadium. They walked past the bathrooms on the way in.

"Anna, do you need to use the toilet before the game?"

"No." Anna was still sulking, but she actually didn't feel any need to go.

"Anna?"

"What? I don't need to go!"

"Fine. I'm going to go. Max, here's two of the tickets. Can you take Anna and go to the concession stand? I'll meet you at the seats."

Anna went with her cousin as her Dad went into the bathroom.

They walked in silence until they got close to the stall.

"So what do you want to eat?"

"I don't care" replied Anna.

"I don't get why you're mad at me - it's not my fault you wet yourself."

Anna blushed bright red. "I'm not mad, I just don't care what you get."

"Fine, then I'll have to choose for you."

They queued for the stand, and Max ordered 3 salted pretzels and 3 large Cokes. Once they'd paid, they went and found their seats, getting there just as Anna's Dad did.

"Who do you want to sit next to Anna?" asked her Dad.

"I don't care."

"Fine - that's enough. I'm not in the mood to argue with you. If you want to sulk all evening, you can do that on your own. You go in first, then Max, and I'll sit on the end."

They sat down in their seats, and Max handed out the drinks and pretzels.

"Wow, big drinks" said Anna's Dad. He looked over at his daughter. "You be careful drinking this much Coke, okay?"

She just glared back and settled into her seat.

**Mall**

When they arrived at the mall, Izzy's Mom checked her watch.

"Okay, I want to go shopping for some new bedsheets, so do you guys want to visit some of the clothes stores and I'll find you later on? When we meet up later, you might be able to persuade me to buy you something nice, okay?"

The girls grinned, and set off towards the clothes stores.

For the first half hour or so, Izzy and Ellen wandered around the aisles of a couple of fashion stores. Izzy let Ellen take the lead in saying which stores were cool and which clothes were stylish. They made a few lists of things that they might ask Izzy's Mom to buy them when she came back: a couple of tops, some skirts and a pair of shorts.

Ellen particularly thought that the shorts were really cool, and was trying to persuade Izzy to get them. Izzy did like them, but she wasn’t sure if her Mom would agree though because they were shorter than anything else she wore. Still, she was really hoping that her Mom would agree and help her seem cool in front of Ellen.

After they had finished browsing in 3 or 4 shops, Izzy started to feel a slight urge to pee. She wondered about telling Ellen, and seeing if she wanted to head to the bathroom too, but she decided to wait for her Mom to come find them - she thought that they might all take a break from shopping then, and she could slip off to the toilet.

As time went by, there was no sign of her Mom and no sign of Ellen losing her appetite for looking at clothes. Izzy was much more aware of her urge to pee now. Occasionally, when she knew Ellen wasn’t looking, she crossed her legs and squirmed on the spot.

She kept telling herself that Ellen wouldn’t think she was a baby just because she needed a bathroom break, but she couldn’t bring herself to do it. Hoping her Mom would meet up with them soon, Izzy squeezed her thighs together a little more.

“Hey girls.” At that moment, she heard her Mom’s voice behind her. Ellen heard it too and turned around, walking over to where Izzy was standing. Before Izzy could react and stand normally, her Mom noticed how she was standing.

“Izzy”, she said quietly. “Are you okay? You look like you need the bathroom?”

“Mom!” Izzy blushed bright red, embarrassed at her Mom having to ask and at her saying it in front of Ellen. “No, I’m fine - just a bit tired out from walking around the stores.”

“Okay, if you say so. But this had better not be like when we went shopping last Christmas...”

“Mom, that wasn’t my fault! You know I...” Izzy stopped, not wanting to say any more in front of her cousin, and hoping that she hadn’t already understood. “Anyway, I’m fine.”

“Okay, good. So - do you girls have anything you want to show me?”

Ellen replied enthusiastically: “Yes, Auntie, lots of things”.

**Basketball**

By the end of the first quarter, Anna had drunk most of her soda. She hadn’t been planning to, but the pretzel had made her thirsty and she’d lost track of how much she’d had as the boredom of the game overcame her.

She knew she’d need to pee before too long, but she figured that her Dad would suggest that they go during the break at the end of the quarter. Play finished, and Max and her Dad were deep in conversation about the game. With two daughters, he didn’t normally get to take anyone to sports games, and he was clearly enjoying having somebody to talk to about basketball. The interval ended, and he hadn’t said anything to her.

Anna sat back in her seat, telling herself that it wouldn’t be a problem and she could wait a bit longer. Slowly she found herself starting to squirm a little in her seat. She wasn’t allowed to drink much soda normally, and now it was running quickly through her system. Sitting on the cold seats in the stadium wasn’t helping either.

Sooner than she expected, Anna’s need to pee was getting much more urgent. After making such a fuss about going to the toilet before, she didn’t want to ask her Dad to make a special trip to the bathroom, so she told herself that she needed to wait until half-time.

Trying not to be too obvious, she slipped off one shoe and folded her foot underneath her, bouncing up and down gently on her heel. The minutes seemed to tick by slowly, but Anna was managing to control the urge from her bladder and she was feeling pretty calm that she could hold on until the end of the second quarter.

In the last few moments before the interval, she started to slip her hand down between her legs to help hold it, resting it in her lap so that she could subtly grab herself through her skirt occasionally. To her relief, the second quarter came to an end.

Before her Dad could say anything, Max spoke up: “Uncle, there doing a Meet the Stars event down in the atrium during the interval. Can we go? We might be able to get some autographs.”

“Well we might be able to go in a bit, but I should probably take Anna to the bathroom first. Anna, do you need to go?”

Max spoke before Anna could reply. “But if we wait, the line will be too long and we won’t get to see anyone. Anyway, I’m sure Anna can hold it.” He looked at Anna. “You don’t need to go anyway, right? I mean we know you went right after ballet class, and that wasn’t so long ago...” He smirked slightly.

Anna didn’t reply for a moment - torn between the urgent feeling coming from her bladder, and her pride in wanting to avoid saying how desperate she was. Max and her Dad both looked at her expectantly.

“Um sure.” She made a point of not bouncing on her heel while they were watching, despite the urge to. “I don’t have to go bad or anything.”

Her Dad looked at her suspiciously. “Are you sure Anna? I do not want another accident from you.”

She blushed, feeling resentful now. “I said I’m fine.” One part of her mind was begging her to stop being so proud, but she told herself that somehow she’d manage to hold on - after all, they’d only be at Meet the Stars for a short while hopefully.

“Okay then” said her Dad, “let’s go down to the atrium, we can probably head to the bathroom before the third quarter anyway.”

**Mall**

As they went back round the stores, with Ellen pointing out to her Aunt all the things that they liked, Izzy was feeling more and more desperate to pee. She was trying to keep her legs crossed as much of the time as she could, but it was difficult when they were walking around a lot and she had to act normally whenever her Mom or her cousin looked at her.

After a while, Izzy’s Mom decided that they should be heading home soon. “Okay, if you each choose any one item, I’ll get it for you. Okay?”

“Thanks Auntie, that’s really cool!”, replied Ellen. “Can I get this top?” She held up a red top from the store they were in.

“Sure. Izzy - what about you?”

Ellen jumped in before Izzy had time to reply. “Get the shorts! They’re so cool, you should definitely get them.”

Izzy wanted to please her cousin. “Yeah, they’re really cool Mom. We saw them in a shop just next door, can I get them?”

“Alright, Izzy, you go next door and find the shorts. Ellen and I will get this top, then you see there.”

Izzy hurried out and turned the corner towards the shop with the shorts. As soon as she was out of sight, she crossed her legs tightly, dancing on the spot for a few moments to ease the pressure on her bladder. She really had to go bad. She thought about rushing off to the bathroom now, but she didn’t think she had time before Ellen and her Mom came to find her.

She was pretty sure she could hold on long enough to get the shorts, and then use the bathroom on the way out to the car, so she went into the shop and found the shorts in her size. She waited by the rack, finding that the urge to pee was even stronger now that she was just waiting. She crossed her legs tightly, trying to think about anything else.

Realising that she was hidden behind the clothes rack, she put her hand on the front of her skirt. After nervously playing with the hem for a few moments, she grabbed herself through the skirt. She sighed at the feeling of relief, holding herself for a short while, and then letting go before anyone saw her. Just then, she saw Ellen and her Mom come into the store.

She showed her Mom the shorts. “Thanks so much Mom, they’re really cool.”

“Oh wow hun, those are short. I’m not sure...”

“Oh please Auntie”, said Ellen. “They’re so cool. Please let her get them.”

Izzy’s Mom thought for a moment. While they waited, Izzy’s bladder was pleading for relief. She longed to cross her legs or dance on the spot, but she knew her Mom would be mad if she realised that she was hiding her need to pee.

“Alright, try the shorts on and then I’ll decide. Okay?”, her Mom suggested.

Izzy bit her lip nervously, really not wanting to delay the chance to go pee, but she decided that she could just hold herself in the privacy of the fitting room. “Okay, sure.”

She took the shorts and headed to the fitting room. She closed the curtain behind her, and immediately started holding herself through her skirt again. As she savoured the relief, she was so furious with herself for letting the situation get so urgent. She squirmed desperately on the spot, trying to build up the resolve to let go of herself without leaking.

Taking a deep breath, she let go long enough to slip down her skirt, immediately recrossing her legs to help hold it in. She picked up the shorts, but she was increasingly worried that she was going to leak in them - especially if she had to show her Mom how they looked without squirming.

Izzy was starting to think that she should just say she didn’t like them anymore - it might seem uncool in front of Ellen, but it wouldn’t be nearly as bad as if her cousin and her Mom saw her wet herself. She danced desperately in the fitting room, pressing her hand against her pantie-clad crotch, trying to decide what to do.

At that moment, her Mom pulled the curtain aside. “So Izzy, how are you...”

