Julie's Business Meeting Hold

Author: sj420

*000*2012-06-10 01:21

Julie shifted her legs nervously under the table. Her fidgeting was awkward, constrained by a tight pencil skirt that gave her legs little room to maneuver. She drew a deep breath. Her pulse raced.

At the head of the conference room table, one of the department heads was droning on about his goals for the coming week. The lights were dimmed so that the room could more clearly see his PowerPoint presentation. Julie sat at the other end of the conference room table, one of a dozen participants of the company's Monday morning senior-staff meeting.

Julie ran her fingers along the empty coffee mug in front of her. Her eyes fixated on the communal coffee pot beyond it. Then she closed her eyes tightly and shifted her weight again. The leather chair momentarily applied some much-needed pressure to her crotch. For a second, it numbed the pressure on her bladder.

The weekly meetings used to be so boring for Julie--everyone who's anyone at the company making sure the bosses know who they are in the hopes of a bonus or promotion when the opportunity arises. The usual result was an extremely tedious way to spend the first three hours of every work week. At least it used to be ... before she started using the meetings to indulge her long-dormant desires.

She had stumbled across the whole idea by chance. Four months prior she had been desperate to stay awake during the Monday meeting after a weekend that had consisted of too much drinking and too little sleep. She quickly gulped down a cup of coffee to stay awake, then another, then another. Soon she found herself bursting to pee with no discreet way to excuse herself for a bathroom break. She had to squirm her way through an delightfully torturous half hour with no escape.

It reminded Julie of high school, when she would intentionally "forget" to use the restroom and gulp down entire bottles of water before her classes with the teachers who never gave bathroom passes. The result was a high-stakes game of chicken with her bladder than gave her a sexual rush unlike any other.

Her graduation from high school had marked the end of such public recklessness for her holding adventures. For one, she didn't want the embarrassing "Pissy Julie" nickname to follow her to college, but maybe more importantly, there weren't many situations where a grown woman had a reasonable excuse not to relieve herself. She didn't want anyone to suspect she might be having accidents intentionally.

Julie felt a quick spurt of warmth escape into her panties. She tensed every muscle and stopped it, but Julie had played this game often enough to know what that meant--the flood would not be far behind. She glanced down at her outfit and winced. Why did she always do this to herself? A tight, light-grey knee-length pencil skirt ... she knew there would be no hiding an accident in this outfit if she didn't make it to the end of the meeting.

She *had* to hold on. Even if she pissed herself on the way to the bathroom it would mostly run down her legs and save her the humiliation of working the rest of the day with a tell-tale wet patch engulfing the back of her skirt.

Julie thrust her left leg over her right, fighting the constraining fabric to cross her legs. She was so uncomfortable that she wanted to crawl out of her skin. She bounced slightly, but rapidly in her chair. Another spurt escaped.

She had definitely overdone it on the fluids this time. Next time, she thought to herself, she must drink less. She slipped one hand under the conference room table and leaned forward with all her weight on her wrist, thrusting it into her crotch through her skirt. She felt another gush of wetness escape. Her pulse quickened.

No turning back now. She uncrossed her legs, but kept her thighs tightly clamped together. Julie could feel the soaking wet fabric of her panties pressed against her pussy and ass. That last burst would have been enough to soak through her skirt at least a little, she was sure of it.

She let another gush loose, barely fighting it now. This time the flow lasted longer Julie felt the warmth slowly spread to the back of both thighs. Her wrist began to dampen slightly through front of her skirt where she was pressing against her crotch. She was still trying not to draw attention to herself, but her heart felt like it was going to explode in her chest.

There would be no explaining this. No hiding from it. She had no change of clothes and, unlike the some previous Monday meetings, her outfit wasn't going to help her conceal her pee stains this time. She would have to wear her wet clothes the rest of the day and everyone who saw her would know she had peed in her pants. The thought of it pushed Julie ever closer to orgasm.

She was on the brink of letting go completely when she was jarred out of her self-absorbed pleasure by a flood of light. The last presenter had finished and the meeting was wrapping up. Julie once again crossed her legs to brace for the final hold before her upcoming dash to the bathroom. Her wet thighs pressed firmly against her drenched panties.

With the spell of desperate ecstasy broken, Julie began to realize the size of the mess she had created for herself. She slid her chair under the table, pressing her stomach against the edge of it so no wandering eyes would see the damage to her skirt. She was afraid to look herself--the clammy feeling all over the back of her thighs and ass told her it was already a disaster.

Her thoughts raced as she tried to plan her next move. It was a hot day outside, so she had nothing to tie around her waist. She commuted via train from an hour away, so asking to go home to change clothes would basically be equivalent to going home sick. Plus, she would still have to walk the streets and ride the train in wet clothes. She could walk to a store to buy a new skirt, but that would pose the same problem. Plus, she had "forgotten" her credit cards this morning, so she probably couldn't afford one anyway. Yes, she thought to herself, mission accomplished. She was re-living high school all over again.

This was still not the worst public accident Julie had ever set herself up for. That title had always been held by the school bus incident her junior year. On that morning, she had worn her tightest light blue jeans and chugged down five glasses of water over the course of getting ready for school. Then she "forgot" her gym uniform and house keys on a day when she knew her mom would be on-site at a client's office at work and completely unable to bring her a change of clothes. The thought of having to hold it through a bumpy bus ride or go through the whole school day in pee-soaked jeans excited Julie so much that her hands were trembling as she headed off toward the bus stop, already barely able to stand still from the mounting pressure on her bladder.

The bus ride that morning--full of squirming and leg crossing--was the stuff of her fantasies, even more than a decade later. So was her frantic run from the bus to the nearest school bathroom. But she *especially* still fantasized about the flood of warm pee that exploded down both of her legs when she discovered that all the stalls were occupied. Her jeans, sneakers, and shoes were soaked in seconds as a lake of urine rapidly spread under her jeans.

Since she had no change of clothes, she simply went to her first class with her shoes squelching and pee still dripping out the bottom of her pant legs. She didn't even bother to pour the pee out of her shoes or attempt to dry her jeans with paper towels. It was obvious to everyone that day what she had done and her classmates found it especially gross that she had chosen not to change clothes or leave once it happened. Julie sat through all of her classes that day with her jeans wet and smelling of pee. Her morning accident had soaked her outfit so badly that even on the bus ride home seven hours later, her pant legs and socks still felt damp and clammy.

Of course, in school the worst result of a wetting like that was utter humiliation. In the professional world, she could be fired. Since hiding the problem was out of the question today, she would have to play for sympathy or that's what would happen. People *had* to believe this was purely an accident.

As her co-workers around the conference room table began to stand up to leave, Julie decided to make her move. She quickly stood up and bolted for the door, not even collecting her things from the conference room table. She raced as fast as she could in heels and a tight skirt out the door of the office and down the hall to the ladies room shared by all of the companies on the fourth floor. Julie could feel more warm spurts of pee running into her panties as her moved. That didn't matter now--she just needed to be seen by her co-workers running to the bathroom. It would help explain the accident later.

As she approached the bathroom door, she reached for her purse to grab the key fob. Oh no! She had left her purse at her desk when she got in and her key fob to open the door in it. That wasn't even part of the setup plan ... just absent-mindedness. Julie pressed her weight against the door and desperately pounded on it, hopping in place as she did. Before anyone inside had a second to respond, she felt a familiar warm deluge begin to pour into her panties and run down her legs. Warm pee began flowing freely down her thighs and calves into her black pumps.

The bathroom door startled Julie when it opened, bringing her face-to-face with a member of her team, Sara, now watching in shock as her boss pissed in her pants outside the restroom door. Julie pushed her co-worker aside and raced to a cubicle, leaving a trail of pee droplets along the tiled floor as she went. Julie closed the stall door and sat on the toilet, not even trying to hike up her skirt or take it off, just peeing straight through the back of it into the toilet. The stream diffused through her skirt and splashed into the toilet water below.

There was no point in damage control now, Julie wanted to enjoy the moment. She pressed her fingers hard against the front of her skirt, trying to reach her throbbing pussy. This pushed the skirt's grey fabric into the still-flowing stream of pee cascading through her underwear. A visible dark wet patch began to form. Julie began to spasm in ecstasy. It was the strongest orgasm she had experienced since those high school wettings.

She began fumbling to try to get her hand underneath her skirt to her soaked panties. While she was doing so, the gushes of urine reduced to a trickle and then stopped. She was empty. The relief of releasing the last of her pee sent more shock waves through her body. Finally, she managed to unzip the skirt and reach her hand underneath to her drenched underwear. She began to rub her pussy through them. It didn't take much ... three or four strokes and she could barely contain a moan as she nearly convulsed with excitement.

"Are you alright?" Sara called out from outside the stall.

Julie decided she better compose herself if she wanted to keep her job. "Um, yes," she mustered breathlessly. "I just had too much coffee this morning and it caught up to me."

"If you have a change of clothes in your desk, I could go get them and bring them to you."

"I wish I did," Julie said. She stood up, zipped up her skirt, and flushed the toilet. She opened the door to the stall and stepped out, revealing herself to Sara, who's eyes went immediately to the circular wet patch on the front of Julie's skirt.

"Would you like me to collect your things? I could tell them you got sick and had to go home."

"Aw, Sara," Julie said, touched by the offer. During all of her accidents, she had never had someone offer to be this helpful. Even her friends and family usually just laughed at her or shrugged before lecturing her on being irresponsible. "You're a sweetheart, but I'm pretty sure that the puddle I left on the floor out there will give me away. Everyone saw me running to the bathroom."

Julie looked at herself in the bathroom mirror. She still looked sexy in her black satin blouse and tight grey skirt, even if the skirt was two-toned now. The entire back of her skirt from the hem all the way up to the top of her ass crack was dark, almost black. Contrasted against the light grey, it stood out. So did the wet patch at the front of her skirt where she had been pressing her hand. The outline of her panties was clearly visible through both ends. Sara was staring at her in shock.

"Besides," Julie said, now turning her eyes back to her speechless co-worker, "I'd still have to figure out a way to get home like this. I think I'd rather just admit that I had an accident and make due today."

"Wow, I couldn't do that," Sara said, eyes still glued to Julie's skirt. "I'd die of embarrassment."

"Oh, I'm already there, but if everyone here is half as understanding to me as you've been, I'll be OK."

"Good luck with that," Sara said with a nervous laugh.

"Do you want to be my moral support when I walk back in there and ask someone to get me a mop and bucket?"

"Sure," said Sara uncomfortably.

"Thanks, that's going to be the most embarrassing conversation. It should all be down hill from there."

Julie did one final spin in the mirror, admiring the view her co-workers would no doubt be staring at and talking about all day. "Are you ready?" she asked Sara.

"Yeah, I'm ready if you are," she replied.

Julie led the way, opening the bathroom door and stepping around her original pee puddle. It wasn't as large as she feared it would be. Her pumps squelched ever so slightly as she walked, ahead of Sara, back toward the office. Her legs and ass felt chilly now as the pee covering them began to cool down.

"I still can't believe you're still going to stand up in front of clients and give a presentation like that," Sara said. "Everyone's going to notice. I can't tell if you are brave or crazy."

Julie stopped in her tracks. Her heart sank. Oh shit! That was today!?! How could she have forgotten? Julie had to present a project plan to representatives from the client, her boss, and most of her team and present her plan for their account. That meant an hour of standing in front of the room while she talked through a PowerPoint and wrote on the white board. It would give everyone in the room a long, clear look at her skirt--front and back. The presentation itself was done, but she had thought it was scheduled for tomorrow.

"Isn't that tomorrow?" Julie asked weakly.

"No, it starts in 15 minutes," Sara said. "I just got the reminder on my phone. You should hurry with the clean up so you have time to do that and get your presentation set up.."

"Yes, we'd better hurry and do that," Julie replied. She resumed her walk toward the office, shoes still squelching slightly as she did.

It's official, Julie thought to herself, I have a new most humiliating wetting.

*002*2012-06-10 02:05

Thanks Ishigreensa. I'm glad you enjoyed it!

Yeah, a lot of the problems the character faces in the story were definitely avoidable. The thinking is that she doesn't really *want* to avoid the humiliation. It's part of the thrill for her.

