Hermione Granger Omo

Author: Angelicwriter

*000*2015-08-16 04:01

Chapter one: Hermione's accidentally wets her bed.

She laid In her bed fast asleep. Completely unaware that she needed to pee, badly too. 17 year old Hermione Granger crossed her legs tightly together, self consciously putting a hand down towards her crotch holding herself to prevent an accident. She tossed, turned, and fidgeted like crazy. A few beds away from her lied 14 year old Ginny Weasley. She had been awaken by Hermione's constant moving around and she was annoyed. What was going on over there!?

In her dream state, Hermione was under a ton of stress. "Study for your OWL's, you must be top witch! "Do the potion correctly, no room for errors or your out of my class Granger!" Snape's voice said. "You must be perfect, no flaws." She held her head because she had such a headache! "I'm not perfect" she said to the voices. Suddenly she felt a familiar feeling in her abdomen, she had to pee and terribly bad too. "Come on there had to be a bathroom around somewhere you can hold it in Granger! She told herself, trying not to grab onto herself.

She was sweating bullets and cris crossing her legs as she continued to walk to find a bathroom. She was trying hard to find one, acting innocent and smiling as she passed a student or teacher. To her horror she felt herself leak! It wasn't much, just enough to get her underwear wet. But if she didn't find a bathroom soon, she'd have an accident, which she hadn't done since she was three. "Come on Hermione you can do this, you must do this! She suddenly felt another spurt come out and then another! She looked around quickly to see what her options were. A dark corner, perfect! If she could just walk over there without completely loosing it no one would know she was having an accident.

She quickly ran over to the corner as fast as she could, as soon as she was there she'd lost the holding battle and started instantly wetting herself, tears spilling down her cheeks. She couldn't believe she'd just peed on herself like a child. In her bed she'd stopped moving around. She'd stopped fidgeting, completely unaware that she was wetting herself and the bed. Ginny Weasley was pleased that she'd heard Hermione stop moving, she could finally go back to sleep. That was when she heard a slight hissing sound coming from Hermione's bed. "What the?"

Ginny slowly got out of her bed and walked over to her friends. It was then she smelt the scent of urine. She was confused, that was until she heard and saw Hermione completely wetting her bed. A huge wet spot was spreading across her blanket clear to anyone who saw. The floor was also getting wet. She felt bad for her friend, she wanted to help but she couldn't. She was only 14 and didn't know a cleaning spell. Should she wake her up?

Quickly making up her mind she shook Hermione awake gently. "Hermione, please wake up." She gently shook her. Ginny heard her grown and spotted more of her once light blanket become darker and darker. Wow Hermione really had to pee. Oh this wasn't the time for this, she'd had to get her awake. She'd ran into the bathroom in there dorm and grabbed a cold wet rag, she then went over to Hermione and put it on Hermione's head. Instantly she awoke.

"What on earth....Ginny?" Hermione asked in a confused daze. She didn't know why her friend was waking her up at such an early hour. "Sorry to wake you, actually you woke me up earlier, that's not important right now, we need to get you up." Ginny whispered raiding her friend up. Hermione was still confused. "What's going on Gin, why have you woken me? She whispered back. Ginny felt herself blush. "Well er...the thing is....you sort of um...had an accident Hermione." She whispered quieter. "I did what!?" Hermione's eyes grew wide as she realized she had indeed wet her bed. She was really embarrassed and a few tears fell down her cheeks.

"Hermione...it'll be okay....accidents happen." Ginny said trying to calm her friend down. "Oh Ginny I'm so embarrassed!" She said hugging her friend for comfort. "It's going to be okay, the two of us are the only ones who know, just get cleaned up...okay." Hermione does a quick clean up spell on her bed and then runs to her dresser to get new clean clothes, then runs to the bathroom for a quick shower. As soon as she's out she magically cleans her clothes and puts on the newer ones, then walks out towards Ginny.

"Do you feel better now?" Ginny awkwardly asked. Hermione shook her head not making eye contact. "P...please don't say anything to anyone...e..especially R.ron." She whispered through tears. Ginny smiled. "I won't I swear."

~~~end

