Monday

Author: Mr_Omorashi

*000*2013-01-13 03:24

This story is meant as a continuation of my only other story which I wrote last year in July but forgot to continue, so if you want to hear the events leading up to this, search 'An Unexpected Visit' or my name 'Mr_Awesome' and you will find it.

This story may seem very cliché because of the situations so I apologise if it isn't to the same standard as my last one.

~~~

Jesse woke up on Monday morning feeling pleasant. She remembered her encounter with John, a guy from school she had feelings for. She had shown up at his house on Friday with a desperation problem and it had all turned out for the better.

Now she couldn't wait to see him at college. And thinking about college... Jesse picked up her alarm clock, looked at it and practically threw it at the wall as she realised she was going to be late.

If she was late she wouldn't be there for her register class and if she wasn't there, she wouldn't get to see John until Maths at the end of the day.

She threw on her clothes and was gone in minutes. The bus journey was a pain as she realised she had forgotten to make her daily bathroom visit before leaving her place. This bothered her and she knew she would either have to go and wait to see John, or rush to register class to see him and have to hold it for a couple of hours.

Holding it is.

She made her way to class and when she got there she froze in her tracks upon seeing John sit at his usual place. She had initially planned to speak to him but now the moment had arrived, she couldn't help but back out. She sat down at her designated desk.

### 3:45 PM, Maths Class ---

Jesse is sat down with her hands awkwardly positioned near her crotch. She knew she couldn't hold herself for fear of embarrassment but having her hands close to there gave her reassurance.

John walked in the door. She stared but luckily he didn't notice. The sight made her relax for a moment and a squirt of pee made its way out. She panicked and squeezed herself. She regained control easily but she knew it wouldn't be easy after a while.

Everyone else sat down on the teacher's request. Her teacher was quite old so therefore they could get away with most things like passing notes and talking. However they would never be allowed to leave for the bathroom. "College is a grown up place, meant for young adults. Which means no bathroom breaks." She had grown tired of hearing this and many had wet themselves on the classroom. It usually only resulted in the person being told off and sent home.

The lesson started and the only thing keeping Jesse from making a huge puddle in her chair was John. What had happened on Friday was good, but she would prefer not to have an accident accompanying every sexual interaction between her and the one she wanted so much to have a relationship with.

The lesson was half way through when she got an idea. She got a piece of her pink printed paper from her notebook and scribbled down some words. "I have to pee :(" John sat only a few desks away so she got the note to him easily.

She looked at him as he read the note and his expression turned into shock and then a smile. He shuffled awkwardly. The note had awoken his mind a bit, resulting in unwanted bodily reactions. He looked in her direction and she's looked back, finally pressing ether hand into her crotch to stop herself from making a mess and to keep John's interest. The note arrived back at her desk. ":)"

She smirked and accidentally let out another little spurt of pee. She was wearing back leggings as she normally did and so she wasn't too worried about stains but if she didn't manage to hold it in until the end of the lesson, whether she had wet spots or not wouldn't matter.

The note conversation between Jesse and John continued for quite a while. John knew of her growing desperation, and Jesse knew about his arousal.

She knew she couldn't hold it much longer.

"I barely have a few minutes left. This is so embarrassing...."

"I can imagine Jesse, but I'm sure you can hold on a little longer"

His note reached her and she tuned around, slowly shaking her head. He wondered why until he heard the hissing coming from her direction. She tried to stop it by pushing her hand as far into her crotch as possible but it didn't help. She started to cry. All eyes were on her and the pee was spurting out of her, flowing over the edge of the chair and splattering onto the floor. She got up and left with her head hanging in shame. A few could be heard smirking to themselves but Jesse didn't take notice as she rushed out of the door.

John followed her, despite the teacher trying to stop him. He chased her down the corridor until she slowed to a stop and he took her in his arms.

"It's okay Jesse. You don't have to be embarrassed. You can come to my house again and ill wash your clothes."

"Thank you so much John. How can I repay you?"

"You don't have to."

And with that, he kissed her again. They left for his house but when they got there, they did more than just wash her clothes.

~~~

Ok that definitely wasn't as good as my last story but I hope some people enjoy it anyway. My girlfriend helped a bit with this story as well so I just thought I might point that out. Thanks for reading!

*002*2013-01-23 02:44

Hey, thanks for the feedback guys. I really appreciate it. :)

