Phoebe A Short Story c. 1860

Author: Guest BigBengal

*000*2013-04-09 19:25

Preface: Need we say it? Yes, we do. All the characters are fictional, and over eighteen years of age.

Phoebe

By BigBengal

The stagecoach had been on the road for several hours by the time Phoebe felt the first indications she needed to pass her water.

They had, ironically, started out later than they had anticipated. The driver drank plenty the night before and woke up much later than he realized. He cursed and complained as he herded the passengers to the stage, and grumbled irritably as he and the gentlemen swung the ladies' trunks and bags on the top of the stage and in the boot. They were and hour late by the time he cracked his whip and the stage rolled.

Breakfast, of course, was cut short, as were their morning ablutions. Most of the passengers barely had time to wolf down a small plate of breakfast and a few cups of coffee before it was time to hit the road. Phoebe herself had drank two cups to give herself the false feeling of being full for sometime. And now she was paying for it by becoming full elsewhere. She cursed her small bladder. It made travel very difficult.

The ladies passed around meaningless banter. Most of it consisted of complaints of the road, the weather, the dust, the temperature, relegated by horror stories of similar conditions on other stages. Phoebe smiled and feigned interest. Eventually the chatter faded off as the ladies ran out of topics to discuss. The coach's rocking lulled many of them to sleep.

Poebe surreptitiously shifted in her seat. In her haste to get dressed she had not tied her drawers as securely as she should. They started shifting under her skirts, slowly working their way in between her legs. It was an altogether not-unpleasant sensation. In fact, it was similar to the sensation she experienced in the hotel.

Phoebe had finished her evening ablutions - washed her face and hands, braided her hair, and changed into her nightgown. As usual, she used the chamber pot before going to bed, so she would not have to endure the humiliation of having to get up in the middle of the night and waking everyone with the sound of her piddling into the pot. Unfortunately, even though she had to go (and rather badly) Phoebe realized for some reason she could not. She tried - it was essential to pass the water before going to bed - but for some reason she could not bring herself to do it.

Phoebe's chamber pot squat put her eyeline directly in front of a knothole in the hotel wall. She was astonished to discover she could see into her neighbor's room. Specifically, the nice man who had conversed with her at the supper table. She watched him finish his ablutions, and change into a nightshirt. And like her, he, too, decided it best to pee into his pot before retiring for bed. he raised the shirt and aimed his manhood at the pot. A strong stream of urine exploded forth and cascaded forth, seeming to Phoebe to go on forever. She marveled at its size and length and duration, a marvelous golden stream in the lamplight.

And a strange thing happened. After he turned down his lamp and got into bed, Phoebe felt a warm dampness between her legs. She relaxed and aimed carefully as her own flow swirled into the pot. Her stream was not quite the waterfall of the man next door's, but it was lengthy as well and almost filled the pot. She replaced the lid as carefully and quietly as she could and got into bed. She tossed for about an hour, visions of her neighbor (and fellow passenger) parading through her thoughts. . .

Which of course brought her back to her current dilemma. Her desperation increased with her excitement, and the stagecoach's constant bouncing and swaying added to her misery. She could feel her urine sloshing in her swelling bladder. A bladder which began to press against the lower half of her corset. Phoebe shifted in her seat and tried to exhale, hoping that her corset might shift and allow some more room (and a temporary respite) from the pressure. It did not.

A sudden lurch threw Phoebe off balance for a brief moment and then threw her back into her seat. Only through iron will did she manage not to lose control of herself right there. The lurch also awakened the other ladies, most of whom laughed and apologized for being flung in each other's laps. They begged forgiveness from each other, thinking the lurch signaled the start of the coach falling over.

Mrs. Amrose remarked that she sincerely hoped they would stop sometime soon, as the ladies could afford to rest a little bit on the journey. Vigorous nods andagreement all around. So. Phoebe was not the only lady who had to piss.

Piss. A vulgar word. But now Phoebe was beyond vulgarity and in the arena of anger that if she opened her mouth, profanity fit for a dock whore would be the only thing coming from her mouth. That and the helpless desire to raise her skirts, spread open her drawers, and . . . piss. Keep wetting for hours on end. Create a yellow river and drown the damned coachman for not stopping. Phoebe no longer tried to conceal her agony. Her bladder cheerfully snugged against the corset, the piss therein sloshed, her kidneys ached, and a cramp lanced across her middle as she clamped her legs together. If they did not stop soon, she would have to piss right here and now.

Phoebe glanced around for some suitable receptacle for her upcoming accident. At most she found a ginger beer bottle. No, that wouldn't work. The other ladies likewise had given up any pretense of decency and also complained. Mrs. Ambrose leaned out the window and somehow got the attention of one of the men. She politely relayed yet again that they needed to rest.

Phoebe couldn't tell if their message had been received. Disappointment gave way to pure horror settled in when they realized the coach had no intention of stopping. Phoebe moaned. She was certain sure the piss was coming down the pipe and would explode all over her petticoats. Maybe even soak her dress itself! Did she have an apron in her luggage to cover the stain? She would be doomed to total humiliation - in front of the very man who excited her. She would have to sit in her own puddle, feeling the hot wetness leaking all over and drizzling off the seat. Her mother's ability to be a parent would be called into question. Perhaps maybe she could partially piss herself? Just enough to relieve the worst of the bladder pressure, hoping her petticoat layers could absorb it? It would require a finesse she didn't think she had. But from sheer desperation, Phoebe was willing to give the ridiculous a try.

Follow me, Dear Reader, as we venture into a place that is ordinarily denied to the male of the species. Don't worry, our helpless protagonist is too distracted by her immediate crisis to notice we have slipped past her ankles, past her knitted garters with "STOP" embroidered on them. We have navigated the fearful entanglements of lace and tucks of her petticoats. We have charged her ramparts of decency and succeeded in debouching past her knees and up past her shapely thighs. And here we may halt. If we go further we might get doused. And we watch as carefully, slowly, Phoebe relaxes her sphincter, clenching and releasing it, practicing a little bit.

She tries it one more time. Her body, sensing evacuation at last, opened the gates. A thin squirt of hot wetness leaked from between her legs and we are submerged in the arousing scent of her urine. We watch as she opens her legs further, to reveal her plump womanhood, and a second squirt soon follows . . .

Suddenly they heard shouts and loud conversation. The driver protested something, and someone said something in return. The coach slowed down and pulled over to one side of the road. It lurched one more time as one of the men dismounted. Phoebe's "man", the one she had witnessed piddling last night, appeared in their window. He wrenched the door open and stated loudly:

"Ladies, I don't care how far behind schedule this coach is. WE will break for nature."

So saying he began assisting the ladies out one by one. When Phoebe's turn came she clasped his assisting hand longer than was necessary and gave him a smile. Much to her delight he returned it. For the first time in several hours, her urinary catastrophe receded into the background.

She looked around. One side of the road had an open field bordered by a low stone wall. The other side had a slight incline that ended in some light woods. Out of courtesy for the ladies the men took the stone wall, leaving the cover of the woods and bushes to act as a screen for the ladies. Each group went their separate ways, promising to return in a few minutes. Everyone except the coach driver and his designated guard, one of the male passengers holding him by his collar.

Phoebe scurried up the hill. Her urethras burned under the strain and her corset pushed and shoved against her protesting bladder. She wanted to get away as far as possible. She did not want anyone to see just how weak she really was. My God, she was about to piss herself deliberately. Like an infant!

Phoebe emerged at the other edge of the woods. She could now look back at the road they had just travelled. To her right she espied the field where small male figures lined up against the stone wall, facing the same direction she was. Even from here she could see the merry streams leaping from their trousers, and occasional laughter.

Phoebe squatted. She gasped as two exploratory jets of hot, yellow liquid hissed from between her slightly-spread legs and pattered onto the ground. She fumbled with the hem of her skirts to reveal her voluptuous womanhood – rounded and plump, a thin trickle dribbling down one leg. The trickle increased to a small, yellow string, then splattered onto the ground like a waterfall in a single thick, twisting stream of light-yellow liquid. She sighed with abject and unrestrained relief as the gusher spilled out of her; sprinkled her legs, split into two smaller streams. The smaller stream arced out like an accusing finger before rejoining into one stream again. The flow tapered off for a second, then more urine cascaded from between her legs, roping around her crotch. Her draining tapered off to a few thin squirts, then a few drops, and then stopped altogether. She dropped her skirts, and sighed over an ever-expanding lake of piddle.

She cried out a second time as another horrid cramp lanced at her middle. Another light pattering upon the ground. She yanked her skirts and petticoats out of the line of fire. More piddle cascaded from her womanhood in a flood of moderate yellow. Droplets winked and gleamed in the sunlight as the flow continued unabated for another minute or so. And once again, the flow tapered off to a thin trickle, augmented only by a few last deliberate squirts before it stopped altogether.

She moaned as a little shiver wracked her body. A light breeze caressed her legs. She tried to stand up on wobbly legs. She failed the first time; succeeded on the second. She turned to head back to the coach.

And there stood "her" gentlemanly neighbor.

*004*2013-04-11 23:22

Thank you for your compliments! I don't think this story will be turned into a full story or novella; its abrupt ending allows me to add or not as I see fit.

I am in the process of writing another story, historic setting, to be relased in seven parts, serial-style, just like many old novels were serialized in newspapers of the period (ie, Dickens). I am excited about this one. It will feel less forced and more flowing (if you'll pardon my pun).

BigBengal

