What a beautiful night!

Author: Dealer

*017*2018-04-26 16:18

The cheapest Motel

Katie was just waking up wearing a red tank top and a pair or dark blue panties was sitting on the bed legs crossed and one hand on her crotch legs crossed holding herself as she squirmed noticing Sofia next to her

###

Sofia, still sleepy in her cutie light blue panties and white top, yawned next to her best friend and lover Katie.

"Mmmmm what time is it?" I whisper, not wanting to get up "Do we really need to get out of the bed? I want to cuddleeeeeee..."

While trying to hug you from behind, I feel a spasm in my bladder: the first sign of needing to piss real bad!

"Did I use the toilet last night?" I think to myself "Fuck no! I was rather drunky and I fell asleep as soon as we arrived to out hotel room..."

###

“ I didn’t ether they told us our bathroom in our room is out of order “ I say getting up crossing my legs grabbing myself

###

"Fucking cheap motels" my voice comes out more grunting than I expected

Uncovering me from the sheets, I cross my left leg on my right one. I'm desperate...

"What do we do know, deary?" I ask you, pleading for an answer...

###

“I think there is a public bathroom but I am to desperate to pee to put on some clothes “ I say keeping my legs crossed adjusting my panties

###

"Do...Do you want me to dress you, d-deary?" I propose to you, still crossing my squirmy legs.

###

“ we don’t have to let’s just go we can get dressed after we pee “ I say squirming

###

"O-Okay, Katie!" I say, holding your hand and following you out of the room.

###

“ want to try knocking on somebody’s door and hope they let us use there toilet “ I say squirming in place

###

"Yeah, good idea!" I say, squirming bad as we walk around the corridor, desperate "maybe they'll feel pity for this two poor hot girls like us!" I giggle as I grab my crotch.

I start knocking on the front door of our room...

###

I also knock holding my crotch as rub my thighs together “ I hope they do “

###

"I..." I'm starting to say, when the door opens and a grumpy fat middle age man comes out.

"What do you want, kids?" he says to us, checking us out from head to toes.

"We... W-we just wanted to know if you would be so kind to let u-us use your toilet: our is broken and.." my voice is squeaking and as I'm talking I'm dancing on the spot. I notice that you are covering behind me, doing the same pee-dance...

"Oh! Please, please come in, girls!" he says, licking his lips like he wants us for dinner. "You can do whatever you want in my bathroom..."

I look at you, puzzled like 'do you really need to go that bad to use this pervert toilet?'

###

“ let’s try someone else’s bathroom “ I say wispering to you’re ear

###

"Thank you, sir! We are good for now, sorry for having wasted your time..." I say, blushing and taking your hand, still squirming.

He tries to say something, but we walk away quickly.

"This time you have to knock! I'm still shocked for that ugly man!" I say, bouncing my legs up and down.

###

“ I will don’t worry hopefully this time we get a nice lady “ I say approaching the next to knocking on the door holding myself crossing my legs

###

"I hope so... I can't hold it much longer!" I say, desperately, holding your hand.

###

Holding you’re hand and rubbing my thighs together I keep on knocking on the door “ come on I really gotta pee” I say starting to sweat as feel the urge building up as I can feel it attempting to come out

“ I wonder how we are going to do this if they only have one toilet “ I think to myself looking a Sofia squirming

###

I feel a spurt coming out and damping a little my panties. They become see-through and you can see my lips.

"God! I'm bursting, Katie!" I say at you, still squirming and holding my hands on the crotch "Do you think someone will come answer the door? Maybe we will have more luckt using the public bathroom downstairs..."

###

“ let’s try a little more “ I say knocking on the door squirming even harder as a little pee comes out also dampening my panties

I start banging on the door “ please open up it’s an emergency “ I say rubbing my tighs together and as I am holding you’re hand and using the other to knock on the door you can see the outline of my lips in the small wet spot on my panties

###

Suddenly the door burst open and a lady in his 70s screams at us "what do you want, girls? Are you trying to take my money? Go away!"

###

We were wondering if we could use you’re bathroom it’s an emergency “ I say blushing madly going from foot to foot as I continue to squirm

###

"No, no! Go away! You want to enter my room to steal from me..." shouts the old lady "Herman! Herman, come here!!!"

"Maybe we should go" I whisper in your ear, hopping from foot to foot, trying my best to not leak again.

###

“ yeah let’s go to the lobby we are sorry to bother you “ I say as I hold you’re hand grabbing my crotch as we are making our way to the lobby

###

"Fucking lady, bitch..." I swear under my breath, while we walk to the elevator and Herman, that lady's husband, watches our asses going away.

I'm still damped down there and I feel like I'm going to leak more and more. The last few weeks were very stressful for my bladder and I can't take it anymore: I feel like my bladder is becoming weaker...

At the elevator door we wait impatiantely that it arrives at our floor. I bend over and sit on a heel, trying to reduce some pressure.

###

I feel a little more leak out and wimper as I cross my legs holding my crotch “ fuck her she could of let us go “ I say as a little pee runs down my legs

###

Ping! The elevator arrives and opens its door in front of us.

We jump in and I sit on the ground, my left heel deep on the crotch.

"I can't stand it anymore!" I shout. Watching your groin getting wet and pee running down your legs make me even more desperate.

I feel a huge jet of piss spurting out: my hand fly to my panties, pulling then up, without stopping the flow.

###

“ I can’t ether but we gotta try “ I say felling my hot pee on my thighs and crotch as you can see my lips as I grab my crotch tightly wimpering hitting the button for us to go to the lobby

###

Our journey in the elevator is really short, we were only at the secondo floor, but it seems never-ending for both of us.

I can't stop spurting, even after exiting the elevator: we walk slowly into the lobby and we approach the guy behind the counter.

###

“ excuse me but we’re is the bathroom “ I say pouting as keep a hand on my crotch rubbing my thighs together as I grimace desperately holding in my pee that is escaping in little spurts

###

The guy stare at us, with his mouth open and his eyes almost popping out of his head. "O-on the l-left at..." he says, before being interrupted by a man in his 60s or late 50s, owner of the motel.

"You girls can't go around here in your underwear! You should go dress yourself up or I..." the owner bark at us "wait a minute! Are you two peeing?"

###

I grab you’re hand as more pee escapes “ we are so sorry “ I say pulling you with me to the girls restroom

###

I can hear the owner screaming at us, but I don't understand any word: all my attention is focused on my bladder.

I let you carry me to the bathroom, while my already soaked panties leaves drops of urine where I had just step. My legs are all wet, as my pee is trickling down.

I'm crying but my throat is sore and I'm unable to speak.

###

I open the door and hold myself going from foot to foot I go to one stall and try to open it but it won’t budge and I notice all 3 stalls have a pay to open slot on them and to my horror all 3 are in use

###

"Do you carry any cash, Katie?" I say "I don't want to use the sink again!!!"

###

“ umm no they are in my clothes up stairs “ I say pouting as I have both hands on my crotch “ maybe we can quickly sneak in after one of these ladies gets out “

###

"Oh God! I hope someone will come out soon! I'm pissing myself!!!" I shout, hoping that this will make someone hurry up

###

I knock on the three stalls door “ are you almost done “ I say moaning as I grab my pussybas I am leaking a little

###

A woman get out of the door, while she adjust her dress down to her hips. She looks at us puzzled, while we are grabbing ourselves and almost pissing our panties.

You run to the door and grab it and look at me. I don't think I can hold it any longer

###

“ I really gotta pee “ I say grabbing myself at the door

###

"I need to go, Katie! Can I go first, please?" I beg you

###

“ I am about to pee myself I need it first “ I say pouting

###

"No way! I am..." I begin to stay, standing up, but my bladder just let it go.

I can't hold it and piss starts to spurt violently out of ny pussy, into my panties and makes a puddle on the floor. My legs are totally soaked and I feel exhausted...

###

“ ohh no “ I say as the next spurt of pee is the last to come out as I finally let go peeing my panties and soaking the floor

###

I look at you and my stream grows greater and more powerful. I feel so relieved and aroused...

###

I also look at you relived and aroused not being able to say a thing

###

Our puddle of urine on the floor become bigger and bigger and eventually crash into each other, to make a mega puddle.

As soon as I finished peeing, I look at you still relieving and immediately feel the need to hug you and never let you go: I... I feel like I love you!

I start to walk towards you, but my bare soles slip in the puddle and I get covered by our urine. My hair, my panties, my top, my breast, they all got covered in piss.

###

Let me join you “ I say leaning in giving you a kiss

____

*019*2018-04-27 06:58

{{8 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Hot damn that was excellent

}}

Thank you! I hope you didn't lose also the previous story: I posted two stories in a row...

*021*2018-05-02 21:31

Warning: this story contains mild pooping. Enjoy!

Water Park Troubles

"Hey, deary! I just recieve an interesting e-mail!" I yell at you, checking mails on my laptop while sitting on the bed of my room. I'm Sofia: we just woke up and I'm still in my adorable rose summer teddy bear PJ, aka a pair of short shorts and a top too large for me. I'm wearing my hair in a chignon and I'm dangling my right foot off the bed as I wait for you to come out of the bathroom.

Since what happened in our last trip while we were staying in that cheap motel, I decided that I would be more, how to say, aware of my bladder. I can't go around pissing myself, despite the arousal that I and you feel about it. It's better leaving that in the bedroom...

Still dangling my foot, I shout at the bathroom door "Apparently I won a free entrance for two at Acqualand!"

###

I have my hair tied with a towel as I am wearing my purple bra and panties “ you got two free tickets to aqualand “

I get excited and start telling you “ it’s has some of the funnest water slides and some of the water theme parks you can’t find any where else “ I say smiling walking up to you

###

"Deary, you had a shower and didn't invite me in?" I say, winking at you and waiting for a kiss as you enter the room.

"Would you like to go today? You can use my bikini, so we don't have to stop by your place and collect stuff. Today's so sunny and warm!" I propose you while you dry your hair.

Then I walk to the toilet to pee: my bladder is still full from the night and I needed to pee since we woke up.

###

“ yeah I would love to go today “ I say smiling as I walk over to we’re you have you’re bikinis at

###

I get off my PJ pants and panties and sit to the toilet. As soon as I sit, pee starts to flow out of me: I was bursting.

While peeing I shout at you, trough the open bathroom door, "Choose the one you like most: we have almost the same size! And, please" I say as I wipe "choose one also for me!"

###

I take off my bra and panties and put on you’re white bikini and for you I grab the dark blue one

“ Sofia I hope you like dark blue “ I say smiling as I walk into the bathroom “ it’s a perfect fit “ I say smiling handing you the bikini I got for you

###

"Oh, deary, it's perfect!" I kisd you gently as I get undress totally, and then put on the bikini you chose for me.

"How do I look with this one?" I ask you, teasing, as I wink and show you my ass.

###

I playfully slap you’re butt “ it looks good on you “ I say winking at you as I go to get a pair of white sandals

###

"Eeeeeeeh!" I squeak as you slap my ass. I'm naughty today and I just want to kiss you and lie in bed with you, but the idea of going to the park in such a lovely day is fascinating...

I wear my flip flops, a blu sundress and my shades and I'm ready to go to Aqualand.

"Katie, deary, can you please bring me something to drink for the day? You can find it in the kitchen..."

###

“ yeah sure what would you like “ I say smiling heading to the kitchen “

###

As you collect as many bottles of soda and water as you can, I head to the car and turn it on. The heat is crazy and I bless my landlord for having AC in my apartment.

I can't wait for this amazing day at Aqualand, especially because it is free :)

###

I load them in and we both get in the car as I am only wearing my bikini “ I can’t wait this going to be so much fun “ I say as I lean in and kiss you

###

"Uh, babe! You are so stunning in my white bikini!" I say, looking at your splendid figure while I drive.

###

“ how long till we get “ I say as I am extremely excited

###

"It's not that far, I think it will take 20 minutes or so..." I say, setting my sundress a little up my thighs.

###

“ hey Sofia let’s park at the back it’s seems really full today “ I say as I look around and notice how full the parking lot is

I finish a bottle of water as we look around from here I can see a couple of water slides and look amazed at how tall they are and some of the designs for them aswell as some of the twist and turns

###

"You're right! It seems the whole town is here today!" I say, while parking at the back of the huge parking area.

I'm really thirsty but I don't want to risk another time to wet myself, so I just drank half a bottle of water during the ride.

Now we are in line, under the sun, to enter the park: the line is really long and I regret not have taken my panama hat with me. I can see you are sweating bad too.

###

I cross my legs and look around “ I should have definitely brought a hat and a towel with me “ I say looking around sweating

###

"and also maybe a dress..." I giggle as I see you just in your bikini, while around us there are lots of people pretty dressed up for a day at the park.

"Luckily your Sofia here" I say, pointing at myself and smiling "brought an extra towel also for you in her beach bag!" I hand you the towel as the line speed up a little, because a group of 20 people enter at the same time.

Without even thinking about it, I've finished my bottle of water and now I'm opening a soda.

###

“ well this is a water park “ I say winking at you as I dry myself with a towel as I drink a soda keeping my legs crossed

###

"Well... Hurry up, it's our turn to get in!" I say as we approach the ticket booth. I show the e-mail at the bored employee and we got into the park, through the changing room.

"Do we need to stop here, or we can go in and find a spot on the grass?"

###

“ this is why I came in just a bikini we can just drop this stuff of in a locker “ i say smiling

###

"Right, right!" I say, smiling too. You're too smart to be this pretty!

After finishing in the changing room, we run to find a good spot outside: the perfect one appears like a mirage to us and we jump in to reserve it.

After putting down our towels, I look at you and say "I'm a little hungry, but I would like to test the water slide just now! What would you like to do?

###

“ I would like to go eat I am a little hungry “ I say as we lay down in our towels

###

"Ok, deary!" I smooche you as I stand up "What would you like to eat? Would you like to keep me company or I'll go be my own?"

###

“ I’ll keep you company “ I say getting up as I tie my hair in a ponytail

###

"Thanks!" I say gently as I kiss you, while we approach the cafeteria. We are holding hands and playfully joking around when I notice a girl behind the counter.

"Hey, Stella..." I say, as I greet my ex-gf "Didn't know you are working here..."

###

I keep holding you’re hand and extend mine to give her a handshake smiling “ hello Stella nice to meet you “

###

"Sorry, I didn't catch your name!" Stella reply acidly. She has an angry expression on her face and she doesn't bother to hide it.

As you start to speak and tell her your name, she interrupts you "Anyway... I can see that you are doing fineeeeee right now!" She said looking at me.

"Stella, please... try to be professional..." I whisper, not wanting to attract everyone's attention.

###

I just keep quiet as I hold you’re hand keeping my legs crossed

“ I wonder what her problem is “ I think to myself looking at her and Sofia talk

###

"Professional?!?!" shouts Stella in the cafeteria, making all the heads turn to us. I blush as I have to deal with this obnoxious girl again.

"Well, mystery girl!" Stella continues her speech, as she look at you "you need to know that this girl Sofia here, is a famous heart-breaker and..."

"Please, Stella, don't be so dramatic!" I try to interrupt her

"...and she broke mine!" she instists "We stayed together for so long!"

"I don't think 3 months are NOT a long period, Stella!" I'm angry and I don't like to be, I just wanted to have a nice day with Katie!

"Now, please be professional and take our orders..." I say, my nostrils pouring steams out.

###

“ we just wanted to get our orders and we will out of you’re way “ I say trying to remain calm trying not to cause more of a scene as I cross my legs

###

"Yeah, Stella! Please..." I beg her, trying my cute face.

"Yeah, sure..." she answers with a malicious grin on her face "What do you want to eat?"

"I'll go for a Ceaser salad and a can of Coke... and you, Katie?" I ask you, still holding your hand

###

“ I’ll have a small order of chicken tenders and large coke “ I say smiling as she takes our orders

We turn to each other and smile as she fills my cup and is putting on the lid we never notice but as she is closing the part of the lid facing her she drops some mysterious pills we failed to notice as she hands us our stuff

###

"Thanks, Stella... take care of you!" I say as we walk to the tables to eat.

"You too... especially you Katie!" she yells at us

Weirdo! I think

"I'm really sorry, deary! She... Well, we were a couple, not really a couple, but we just had some fun... She's crazy! Sorry to had drag you into this...!" I say looking you in the eyes

###

“ it’s ok “ I say smiling as I drink my soda quickly as I am really thirsty

###

We chat a bit, drinking and eating the overpriced food we just had ordered from Stella. She's a very lunatic and strange person, but in the end she's nor harm, I think.

I start to feel a little discomfort in my bladder, due to all the water and the soda I drank during this day.

"Now we have to wait a little to go to the water slide..." I say "But... are you ok, Katie?"

I notice you shuffling your legs and holding yourself: your beautiful tanned legs are irresistable, but you're more squirmy than usual

###

“ yeah I am ok I just really gotta pee” I say squirming as I hold my crotch grimacing as I look at you

###

"I'm feeling a slight need to, but not too much..." I say, blowing a kiss in the air at you "Do you want to go now?"

###

“ yeah “ I say grabbing myself as I grimace getting our thrash

###

"Let's go!" I take your hand and we walk to the toilet area, but we discover that they are close due to cleanings.

"Can you hold it a little longer, deary?" I ask you, seeing you squirming around

###

“ I’ll try but I really gotta pee “ I say grabbing myself as I squirm

###

"Maybe we can go behind a bush..." I say, while we walk past a water slide. I feel my need increasing...

###

“ at this point anything is fine “ I say crossing my legs as I feel a little come out

###

"So, you're really desperate, aren't you?" I say playfully, wanting to joke around a bit.

I'm so aroused on seeing you desperate that I lost control for a moment and I grab your ass in public, while my tongue goes deep down on your mouth

###

I push you back with one hand while the other grabs my pussy as I rub my thighs together “ not right know honey I really gotta go pee “ I say blushing madly

###

"Sorry, sorry, Katie!" I say, blushing deeply "I don't know what happened to me, but... yuo know, it's so sexy seeing you so desperate..."

###

“ I know but I really gotta pee and i think you do it to “

###

"Well... yes, I do deary, how do you know?" I say, while I unconsciously squirm in place in my blue sundress "So, now what do we do?"

###

“ let’s pee in the bushes “ I say squirming in place grimacing

###

"Yeah, ok, deary!" my hand fly to my crotch, lifting up my dress "Do you need me to guard?"

###

“ yes please “ I say pulling my bottoms to my upper thighs and squatting down as my pee gushes out of me giving a sigh of relief

###

"S-sure..." I say, a bit uncertain of the situation: there are lots of people around and I can feel that someone is been watching us and...

"Hey, Katie! There are some people coming, stop right now, stop right now!!!" I whisper at you, as I turn to warn you: I see your stream full-force on the ground, panting and sighing.

###

“ I can’t stop Sofia “ I say quietly to you as my pee is slowing down

###

"Ok, K-katie, I think they are turning, but..." I say, stuttering a bit and dancing on the spot, my need to pee increases "I see, I see Stella I think!"

There is Stella approaching us, arriving from the cafeteria and coming toward us: she's holding herself in the crotch, while she's wearing black pants. She seems fidgety and all I can see is her rushing in a bush near us before pulling down her pants and peeing... a lot!

I can see she had started peeing before pulling her pants and panties down: in fact her white panties are a little wet on the crotch. She didn't see us, we are covering well, but we can see her.

You are still peeing and I'm still desperate, as she continues to pee and moans from pleasure.

###

My stream ends and I quickly pull up my bottoms and notion for you to take my spot “ you can pee know “ I say wispering in you’re ear

###

"Thank God!" I wisper to you as I pull my panties to one side and start peeing "Seeing you and Stella relieving was too much for my poor bladder!"

My urine flows out strongly and it splashes in my feet.

###

“ before she sees us let’s go to the slide “ I say giggling as I see you pee

###

"But... but I'm still peeing" I say while urinating.

Eventually I let you convince me to go to the water slides and I stop with half of my bladder still full

###

“ do you want Stella to catch you peeing plus you can pee as we are going down the slide “ I wisper in you’re ear

###

"No... no you're right!" I say walking with you, holding your hand

###

I am smiling as we make our way way out the bushes towards the water slide

###

"P-please, don't push me" I say, as I feel a drop of urine taking its way down to my legs.

When we arrive at the water slide we must wait in line for our turn. I'm legs crossed and I see that you are too...

###

I start crossing and recrossing my legs “ what’s going on why do I need to pee again “ i say grimacing

###

"What's up, deary?" I say, noticing you're acting weird "Are you feeling sick?"

###

“ I have to pee “ I wisper in you’re ear as I continue to squirm holding myself

“ why do I have to pee again “ I think to myself as I admire you in you’re sundress

###

"But.. but you just went!" I say, blushing, as I cross my legs again. I still need to pee and I squirm on the spot.

"Do you want me to go to the toilet with you?"

###

I start going from foot to foot “ if you want but I can go alone I know how you really wanted to go on this ride “ I say blushing madly as I continue to hold myself as I go from foot to foot

###

Hearing that I think you don't want me to go with you in toilet, maybe because you need to go n. 2 and you're embarassed. So I say "O-ok.. I'll go in this ride..." despite my growing need.

###

“ I’ll be right back “ I say quickly making my way to the girls room we went to that was being cleaned

‘ they should be done cleaning it by know why do I have to pee so quickly “ I think to myself as I round the corner and see

###

It's almost my turn on the slide and I'm shuffling my feet from the need to pee I'm feeling.

"I can pee in the water, during the slide, it's fine, don't worry Sofia!" I think to myself, trying to distract me seeing the crowd around me

My turn arrives and the lifeguard take a look at me. He says "Where are you think you're going dressed like this?"

I don't know what he's talking about but then I look at my belly: I'm still wearing my sundress!!! I can't go on the slide with my sundress on!

So I return to the spot where we left the towels, holding my crotch with one hand. I need to pee bad!!!

###

“ I don’t know what to do “ I say grabbing myself as this point turning the corner and notice the ladies room is open but

###

But you notice an encridibly long line for the 3 stalls in the bathroom. You feel like you can't hold it any longer, but there are some pretty desperate ladies in front of you.

What should you do? Cut the line?

###

As I am walking up I try to hear and see what they need to do trying not to act really desperate being composed a

###

"Gosh, Brigitte! I'm... I'm not feeling well... I think that hot dog went bad!" a tall dye-blue hair Asian girl says to her friend behind: they are wearing matched red and white bikinis, flip flops on their shuffling feet. They seem to be working for some soda company, maybe for an advertisig campaign in the park.

The girl named Brigitte - a curvy tall brunette with a big dragon tattoo on her back - then says "Ari, don't tell me! I'm in much greater d-discomfort than y-you: I also n-need to wee-wee!" Brigitte's hands fly to hee crotch and pull her panties up. "I should have not drink all that soda..." in a shaky voice, Brigitte add to the conversation

In a moment, the two girls among the others looked at you puzzled. "Where you think you're going?" Ari almost shout at you.

###

“ me I am just going in to fixed my hair “ I say blushing madly as I cross my legs trying not to show how desperate I am to pee but start to feel a small discomfort on my belly

###

"Oh... ok." Brigitte says, her hands still in crotch, crossing and uncrossing her legs.

Ari is holding her stomach now while this one is grunting bad. "Oooooh!" she says to her friend "I don't know how long I can't hold it. I really need to poo!"

In front of Brigitte and Ari stands the a lady in her late 40s and her teen daughter. "Mom!!!" the 16 years old blonde girl says in a complaining voice "I need to pee!!! I think it's coming out!" Her hands, dept in the crotch a moment before, slide revealing a growing wet patch on her yellow bikini. The mother, desperate herself, hold her daughter arm while dancing in place saying "we're almost there, h-honey, almost there, hold on (puff pant) hold on honey"

###

I open the door and notice three stalls with feet and bikini bottoms at ankle lvl I cross my legs and and place both hands on my crotch as I start to feel the need to poop come up

I start knocking on the stall doors “ are y’all almost done I am about to have an accident “

###

"Hey!" you hear shouting behind you: it's Brigitte, almost reaching for your hair "Do you think you can cut the line like this?"

She's dancing on the spot, with Ari behind her grabbing her tummy. The mother and daughter follow, but they don't interfere: the mother is trying to sneak to the nearest loo, hoping to rush in and relieve herself, as the daughter stands still in a corner of the crowded room, incapable of moving without spurting.

###

I quickly notice them behind me before she grabs my hair I quickly get in the stall close it and lock it “ I am sorry I am just really desperate “ I say inside the stall

###

"No, no, no, no!" yells Brigitte at the top of her lungs "Are you kidding me, bitch? We are all desperate!!!"

Then she points at Ari, who shocked don't know what to do and keeps banging on the door "My friend here is literally pooing herself! And I'm almost in the same state as hers, plus I need to piss fucking bad!"

Brigitte starts banging at all the stalls doors, trying to hurry up the ladies inside. Amazingly, she succeeds: a petite tanned girl run out of the bathroom scared from the chaos. Ari surpasses the mother and Brigitte and jump into the stall, with her bikini at her knees before closing the door: a second later a plopping sound can be heard through the whole bathroom.

"Ari, please hurry up! I can't hold it!" Brigitte complains, damaging her bikini bottom with some urine.

Meanwhile the 16 years old girl has no choice but to release all her pee into the little drain at the center of the room: a jet of piss erupts from her yellow bikini and splash on the floor, dumping her legs and feet. Then she crouches and let it all go. Her mother, seeing the daughter predicament, make a desperate attempt to rush into a stall, but it is ineffective,

###

“ I am sorry I really have to go “ I say pulling down my bottoms and sit on the toilet as my pee gushes out of me and I start farting as my poop explodes out of me giving a sigh of relief

As I sit on the toilet I can see underneath the stall doors and see evryones feet

###

Ari poops as she feels completely satisfied, then she wipes with some toilet paper. Outside the stalls there are Brigitte and the mother still needing to use the toilet, in a desperate state...

###

I am still peeing as more comes out of me “ that hot dog did a number on my “ I say loudly from my stall as I get excited looking at evryones feet

“ I wonder what Sofia is doing “ I think to myself

###

Ari finally ends up using the stall and as soon as she exits, Brigitte jumps in: you can hear her pee and poop loudly. Her moaning sounds of reliefs are overwhelming and you just sit there listening to them.

As this happens the mother bangs more and more on the other stall till a woman comes out: the mother has just the time for take her bikini bottom down that she starts to pee, with the door still open. Her daughter watches her while her stream is finally dying in her soaked bikini panties.

###

I finish pooping wipe and flush the toilet but remain seated

###

Suddenly I, your blonde girlfriend Sofia (wait a minute! Are we a... couple for real? Can we say we are girlfriends?), enter the bathroom, soakes wet from head to toe, my sundress all wet in my hand and my beach handbag on shoulders.

"Katie! Katie! Are you in here? We gotta go!" I yell at you "We got banned from the park!"

###

I pull up my bottoms and open the door “what happened why are we banned “ I say exiting the stall noticing how wet you are

###

"I... I prefer to talk about that in private..." I say, almost crying.

"Can we get out of this bathroom? It stinks in here" I add, lowering my voice.

###

“ yeah sure “ I say grabbing you’re hand as we make for it to you’re car

###

A security guard escort us to the main gate and we return to the car walking slowly.

"I... I'm so embarassed!" tears run on my cheeks as I speak "I needed to pee so bad when you went to bathroom and I thought you didn't want me to come with you, so I remained on the water slide. As I approached the slide I had to come back to our spot to leave my sundress; then I came back and I had to wait in line forever. Finally it was my turn, but I was bursting for a pee: I felt I couldn't hold it any longer!!!"

I breathe deeply as I try to calm down, crying and holding your hand tight.

"The slide was fun, but as soon as I reached the water I started peeing. It couldn't be a problem at all - I peed in the pool lots of times - but here they put some special chemical that turns the water blue if there's urine in it. I saw a huge blue wave coming from my crotch and expanding into the pool. I tried to hide it but it was impossible: everyone saw that! The lifeguard tried to catch me in the water to bring me outside, yelling, but I swam really fast and ran to the grass where I finished peeing. Unfortunately I flashed my vagina to a family because I slided my panties to pee and the lifeguard reported me to the security, so here I am..."

Through my speech I started sobbing and crying much more.

"Everyone saw me, Katie! I'm so stupid!"

###

I hug you and give you a kiss “ it’s also my fault I really had to pee and I knew you wanted to get on the ride so I didn’t want to delay you because I had to pee again so quickly “ I say sobbing aswell

###

"That's really strange! You peed a lot today!" I say suspicious "how do you feel now?"

###

I wimper as I feel the need again and look at you “ I have to pee again “ I say blushing madly

###

"Babe, this is really strange!" I say, concerned about your health "do you think you can hold it or you need to go bad now?"

###

“ I need to go bad we can stop somewhere on the way home “ I say wincing as I grab myself squirming blushing madly

###

"Yeah, sure, deary!" I say as I start driving the car.

After ten minutes of driving I feel your discomfort: you are bouncing really bad, crossing and uncrossing your legs and holding between them with your hands.

"Do you want me to stop at that diner, Katie?" I ask you "Maybe we need to find a way to cover you: you're wearing only a bikini!"

###

“ do you think they would let me use there bathroom “ I say rubbing my tighs together as I have both hands on my crotch squirming and bouncing around

“what is going on why do I have to pee I was fine till we got ohhh no don’t tell me she “ I think to myself as I continue to squirm debating in my head if I should tell Sofia

###

"I don't know, deary!" I answer you, concerned about the situation "I would lend you my sundress but it's soaked wet, so it would not be a solution..."

###

“ s there a gas station nearby “ I say squirming in place

###

"Let me check on my phone a moment..." I answer, grabbing my smartphone from the handbag in the backseats.

Swiping through Google's results, I see that you're squirming like crazy and that you're really close to have an accident. I feel a motion of pity coming from my guts, and a sense of arousal that makes my pussy twinge.

"I think I've fine one a couple of km far..." I say, trying not to look at your legs or your breast but your eyes "Do you think you can hold it?"

The car is still moving, before you have your occasion to speak...

###

“ I don’t know but I’ll try please hurry “ I say blushing madly as continue to squirm as I start to feel the urge to pee escalate more I look at you and start to feel arousel and envious of the fact that I am in this predicament while you feel no urge

###

"I'm hurrying up!!!" I yell, anxious for us to arrive there and for you to release all your golden nectar... I mean, urine!

My feet is pushing bad on the gas pedal, passing way too much the speed limit, but I don't care: I just want to fuck you and sense your desperation in me.

As we arrive at the gas station, I park outside the entrance and I follow you outside the car.

###

I quickly go in and start to grab myself looking for the sign for the ladies room and start to run over but notice a small line of two girls for the two stalls

###

"Babe, can you hold it?" I whisper in your ear "You're so hot when you hold it like this..."

###

“ yeah but I am going to need to cut in line and if they ask we are going in to do our make up “ I say to you

###

"Ok, deary!" I say, holding your hand "I'm with you!"

###

Holding you’re hand and walking forward I do my best to make it seem like I don’t have to pee by keeping my legs together as I blush madly

###

"Where do you think you're going, girls?" asks us one of the girl in like, crossing her legs " We've been waiting for out turn for almost 20 minutes, get in the back and wait for yours!"

###

“ we don’t have to pee we are just going in to check our make up and hair and my girlfriend just needs to change out of her wet dress “ I say blushing madly as I am having a hard time not completely blowing my cover

“ what’s going on in there that’s taking 20 minutes and after I pee I’ll tell Sofia what I think Stella did “ I think to myself waiting for there response

###

"Ummmm ok girls! But be careful, I watch you!" says the girl in line, menacing with her hands, as we enter the bathroom lounge.

"Do you think they believed you?" I ask. "Babe, do you think I can enter with you... in the stall?" I say, uprising my eyebrows...

###

“ yeah but we need to get in a stall first “ I say as we enter and notice the two stalls being occupied knocking on both of them “ are y’all almost done I am having an emergency out here “

###

"Yeah, sorry! You're right" I say, watching you squirm around.

A grunt sound comes from the left door while the other one is locked and it seems like it's out of order for a long time.

"Just... just a minute more!" a loud lady voice says while a clear sound of pooping can be heard all through the bathroom.

###

“ I am sorry to bother you I just really have to pee “ I say squirming around still holding you’re hand looking underneath the stall door

###

"What are you doing kid?" the lady says "Are you trying to spy on me?"

She bangs on the door to scare us, like animals, but we reamin where we are. You are adorable all squirmy and almost naked, but I'm concerned about your health. It's impossible that you have to pee again, you drank nothing!

Suddenly the doors opens...

###

“ how do you know that “ I say squirming as quickly turn and see who opened the door

###

Exiting the door was Stella, my ex-lover! I can't believe it! She must has finished her work earlier and then she ran here to use the toilet, but it such a strange coincidence!

"You.. you two?!?!?!" she says as she sees us!

"Let her pass, Stella!" I say pointing at you "she'desperate!"

"I can see that, I bet you are honey!" says Stella winking at you...

###

“ what do you mean why did you wink at me “ I say squirming as I look at her confused

###

"You're so stupid!" Stella says, malicious "I put a diuretic in your drink back at the park!"

###

“ why did you that “ I say tearing up as bouce from foot to foot grabbing my crotch waiting for the stall to open

###

"You bitch stole my Sofia! She's still in love with me, aren't you cutie pie?" Stella says, using first an angry tone, to change with a more pleasent one when directing to me.

"I was never in love with you, psycho!" I shout, furious to her and her behaviour towards you "Stella, you're crazy! We should call the police! Now let her into the bathroom, she's about to pop!"

###

“ you crazy bitch I never took her from you “ I say still squirming seeing for any signs of Stella being desperate

###

"Stella, c'mon!" I say, in my most seductive voice "I'll do anything you want if you let Katie use the toilet right now... Anything!"

I squeeze my tits in a despetate attempt to gain some interest in Stella, who seems to be fascinated by my breast and my legs...

###

I am pouting as I continue to squirm grabbing myself tightly “ come on Sofia you can do this “

###

"Well... well..." Stella is blushing, too lost in her sexy thoughts of me to feel my arm grabbing hers.

I quickly pull her out of the stall's door and, as Stella fall into me, I shout "Katie, run!"

###

I quickly go for the stall both hands on my crotch as I run to it feeling a little spurt of pee escape wetting my bikini bottoms and my hands as I am so close to relief

###

"Noooooo!" Stella yells as she falls down on top of me.

I fall on my wrist and I feel a very bad pain coming from it. A broken bone?

###

I quickly close the door locking the stall pull down my bikini bottoms and start peeing giving a sigh of relief

###

Not only a broken bone. As I lay on the ground I feel an extreme pain first on my wrist, then also on my left ankle. I can't breathe anymore for a moment, Stella still lying over me. My lungs feel like shrunken and my eyes water. I've never felt so much pain in my life!

Suddenly I feel a growing sense of wetness on my legs and my butt: I lost contol of my bladder. I'm peeing myself without even noticing! Pain is overwhelming. Piss flows throught my panties and makes a mess on floor, on me and also on Stella - especially her hairs...

______

*023*2018-05-03 05:28

{{6 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn crazy ex's but I loved that chapter

}}

Thank you! :)
