What a beautiful night!

Author: Dealer

*006*2018-04-19 20:54

The second chapter of the RP I'm doing privately with an anonymous user. Again, I'm trying to leave the text intact, like the one we wrote in first place: I'll delete only some messages between me and the user. Enjoy!

After gym desperation

I am waking up and quickly scramble to get up as I am late for my yoga class I teach at the local gym

I am Katie I got my brunette hair tied up in a ponytail black tight yoga pants that look like leggings and white lace thong a pink tank top in my rush I failed to notice my thong can be seen through my leggings and some of my crotch with my lips as I enter my car and drive I notice a familiar urge I gotta pee “ I can wait till after class it usually doesn’t take long “

###

"This is too comfy..." I say to no one while a ray of sun peaks through the window and burst into my room, revealing my almost naked figure under the freshly cleaned blankets.

I get up, only a pair of old panties on and a top that don't imprison my breast in a good way: if there was anyone in the room, they could have seen my side boob easily. My name is Sofia and my hair is a big golden mess.

While doing breakfast with a cup of pineapple juice and some too burned toast, I get dressed in a pair of black leggings (maybe pantyhose, they are really see-through lol), a pink thong, a pink training bra and a pair of black flip flops.

I'm ready to sneak in your yoga class!

###

I soon get to the gym and quickly get out a little fidgety “ I should have used the bathroom but not enough time” I say quickly entering to go to my class

“ as long as I finish quickly and get to the girls restroom Quickly I should be ok “ I think to myself opening the doors

###

As I flipflop around the stairs of my flat, I use my smartphone to point out where the gym you teach yoga is. I only know it's nearby where I live, but I don't know exactly where.

A bottle of water under my arm I notice that I'm very late for the class; thankfully I'm not too far away from the gym!

A long line of people is still shared outside the entrance when I see you opening the doors.

###

I open the doors and quickly go in going straight to the door for my class eying the single person ladies room thinking to myself “ maybe I should head to the ladies room before I start but I am already late “

I quickly get on my spot at the front “ alright ladies I am sorry I am late I hope you are ready to start “

###

I got in the bottom of the class and I see you, beautiful and glorious in those leggings and your pretty hair, face, body... I feel a twingle in my lower body but I try to remove this thought right now.

I sip from my bottle of water and then sip some more. I get my hair in a ponytail and I'm ready to do the first lesson of yoga of my life...

###

I begin instructing the class on the various posses we are doing each one staring my bladder as I try and not have an accident

I notice you during the lessons and begin to blush but mainly focus on my need and teaching also watching you drink you’re water makes my need slightly worse

###

"This class is too heavy for me!" I think while I try to keep up with the other girls around me. I sweat, a lot: I need to drink almost all the bottle in no time.

I see you, fidgeting on the spot where you teach class between the positions and I do the same: I think this is the correct thing to do, I imitate you. But then I realize no one is doing it and I blush madly feeling stupid.

I start to feel something on my bladder.

###

It doesn’t take long for me to finish teaching the class as I notice my legs crossed I notice I am not the only one

“class dismissed “ I say smiling happy that I didn’t have a complete accident and all of my students except Sofia run to the bathroom before I even take a step

###

"Whoa, girls calm down!" I think, without saying anything because I'm too shy "You really are desperate though!"

I can see lots of legs squirming, pee dancing, toes tapping on the wooden floor of the gym, but my eyes are all for Katie.

She's still at her teaching position, legs crossed in those see-through leggings and her thong... Mmmph! I bit my lip to calm me down.

I feel the urge to pee, not too much, but I feel the stress on my bladder, however I'm here for a reason. I didn't sweat so much for not even talk a bit with you about what happened the other night!

I approach you slowly, barefeet...

###

I keep my legs crossed tightly as I Bite my lower lip watching everyone lining up for the bathroom “ ohhh no I was hoping to go before the line formed” I think to myself not noticing Sofia approaching

###

Hey!" I say to you, almost making you jump from scare "What a great lesson!"

My legs are crossed as yours, when a girl particulary desperate in line shout to you "Katie, is there any other toilet in this gym? Some of us are VERY desperate!"

###

I still have my legs crossed but on hand on my crotch “ sorry girls that’s the only one “

“ hey Sofia glad you enjoyed the lesson I didn’t think you would be interested in yoga “ I say blushing madly

###

The girls groan while they wait impatiently, squirming.

"Yes, I'm interested since you told me so much about the other night!" I say, blushing too. I notice your crossed legs and I have mine in the same position, to relieve some swollen muscles.

I thought it would have been less complicated, but I'm confused right now. Should I talk to Katie about what I feel?

###

I unknowingly say out loud as everyone can hear “ I should of peed at home know it’s an emergency “ I say as I got one hand on my crotch watching the line and Sofia noticing she is in the same predicament

I begin blushing as the feeling I felt for her last night are coming back am I getting a roused watching her desperate for a pee like me

###

My face turns red hearing you speaking so freely of your need: in my deepest mind I start to notice that seeing you desperate to pee arouses me. An hand fly to my crotch, to help me hold it, not to touch myself I swear!

My lips open to say "are you done with classes for today?"

###

“ yeah I am done for the day “ I say blushing madly as rub my thighs together

I wonder if anyone else heard me say that I have to pee

###

"Fine! Do you like to grab..." I start to say, when some girl from the line run past you and me saying "maybe the bar at the end of the streer have a bathroom, I can't take it much more!"

Running past me, the girl pushed me away so I lose my balance and end up on the ground, hurting my ass a bit...

"Ouch!" I say, immediately putting an hand on my crotch. All that water starts to push its way out!

"I was saying, do you like to grab something to drink or eat?" I get up, speaking up and wait for you reply

###

I am rubbing my tighs together “ yeah that sounds like a plan maybe I can go pee there “ I say to you grabbing my crotch

###

All your open pee-talking makes me blush even harder and also makes me realize how desperate I am to pee too.

"Maybe I can use the toilet too... My situation is like yours!" I say, winking at you

As we approach the door to exit the gym, I pull my legging up against my crotch to help me hold it. I do that discreetly, try not to gain attention, but you caught me.

###

I bite my lower lip grabbing my own “ let’s hurry “ I say to embarrassed to think of what to say

###

"You're right!" I reply.

As we cross the road, my flip flops makes a tch sound against my soles and I giggle at it, pointing it out for you. You giggle too and I cross my legs at the kerb, afraid of losing some.

I'm a 7 and a half on a 1-10 scale of desperation, but it's somehow comforting to see you desperate as well. And also sexy!

We enter the place when...

###

I am 6-10 on the desperation scale we open the door and walk In I keep my legs crossed blushing madly trying not to catch anyone’s attention as I try to find the bathroom

###

"K-Katie! I think we need to sit down and order first, then we c-can find the toilet..." a blush appears on my cheeks as I say that to you, not wanting to be rude, while I touch your arm.

We sit down near the door and I order a soda, while my legs cross and uncross under the table.

"What do you want to drink, Katie? They serve also frozen yogurt, if you desire..." I try to catch you attention, while you look around the place to find the bathroom.

###

I would like a frozen yogurt then we can ask the waitress for the bathroom “ I say squirming in my seat

###

"Sure! You can ask yourself if you want, she's right there" I reply with a wink

Seeing you squirming in front of me, with your perfect body exposing in your yoga attire, reminds me of our date and how it ended... especially the kiss part!

As I try to speak about that, you interrupt me...

###

“ excuse me miss but do you know where the bathrooms are and I would like one frozen yogurt “ I say blushing madly as I have one hand on my crotch and continue to squirm

###

"Down the corridor, the left door, miss." answers you the polite waitress "But there's a giant line at the moment: the brunch rush + the girls that just went out to the yoga studio on the other side of the street made the bathroom lounge really crowded..."

We give each other a look of concern, while our legs squirms.

My soda and your forzen yogurt arrived at the table and, while the waitress steps away from us, I try to convince you to talk about what happened the other night...

###

I take A bite of my yogurt “ ohh my this is really good but what should we do about the line “ I say squirming as I eat my yogurt

###

"Oh, Katie! Listen to me, please!" I almost shout while my cheeks are on fire and I stomp my feet on the ground "I'm trying to speaki clearly about my feelings for you and all you can think is going to the toilet!"

I didn't want to be rude, I just wanted to get recognized a little. I feel something between us and speaking freely is not so easy for me, due to my shyness.

"By the way, I'm also in need of a bathroom, you know?" I say, using the straw to make some bubbles in what remains in of the soda I ordered and drank.

An hand goes to my crotch and pulls my panties up my groin, while I listen to your words.

###

“ I am sorry that I am desperate to pee I understand how you are feeling I do aswell but I really want to keep my panties dry “ I say blushing as I pull my thong on my crotch to help hold aswell

###

"Oh, I see..." you're too cute, I can't get mad. Especially now that you're desperate, so sexy showing that thong and that ass of yours... I just want to come over and kiss you!

But I can't, or I will pee my pants... and I still don't know if you like me or not!

My feet tapping on the ground, while I finish my soda. My legs keeps shaking, not wanting to stop for a second. That's how bad I need to go...

"Well, Katie, we can't go to the toilet now even if we want... and I know how much you want!" I say in a rush of adrenaline "The line is so long that arrives at the counter, see?" I point you a line of people dancing on the spot that goes all around the corner and back to it. "I think we're stuck here. Or we can go elsewhere to talk... Have you finished your yogurt?"

###

“ we can go back to the gym “ I say grabbing my crotch as I finish my yogurt

“ ohh no not again this Is just like the date we had but I am still getting turned on by her being desperate I don’t know what to do” I think to myself

###

"Yes, sure!" I say, hoping that the gym will be to us a quiet place to talk... and maybe do some more (wink). As I pay at the counter, I can't help to shake my legs and dance on the spot. My hair dressed in a ponytail goes up and down as I squirm around.

Suddenly turning to see where you are, I catch you staring at my butt with your mouth open. I blush as I try to call you to get to the gym.

Exiting the bar, I continue to squirm and I feel a little drop of pee making its way into my panties...

###

We quickly get to the gym “ hopefully there isn’t a line here “ I say as I open the door as I grab my pussy giving little moans

###

Seeing you in such predicament arouses me so much I can't take it anymore.

"Katie, I know that's not the correct time and place to speak" my breathe goes away for a moment as a sudden pee wave hits me, making me leak a little more "I'm absolutely desperate for a pee at the moment, but I need to tell you that I LIKE YOU!" words comes out of me like a thunder.

###

“ I like you two but can we talk about this after we go to the toilet “ I say as we both enter heading towards the bathroom

###

Happy to hear it, even if said in a strange scenario, I enter with you in the bathroom to find out that only a stall is available.

"Listen, Katie!" I say, pee dancing a already stripping of my leggings "Last time you peed first, so this time it's my turn to go first..."

I make my way to the toilet, barefeet and bareass, feeling the pee forcing its way out and leaking badly, when you hold my arm...

###

I am pulling down my leggings and thong down “ I am litterly on the verge of the accident I should get to pee first “

###

"Don't you dare, Katie!" My voice is peaking as a long shot of urine hits my feet. I'm literally 10 cms from the toilet and I'm peeing myself! How ironic!

I love seeing you half naked almost peeing yourself: it get me aroused so much I want to grab you and kiss you and touch you right there, making yourself more and more uncomfortable till you pop.

Naked from the waist down, i start peeing on the bowl: splashing sounds can be heard from all over the gym, I can bet on it. My face goes in pure ecstasy and my eyes turn upward. That's when I feel pushed aside...

###

I am pushing on you’re butt trying to sit on the toilet and you can see some pee getting outside of the toilet bowl as I have a face of pure relief

###

"No, Katie! What are you doing????" I ask you almost shouting, terrified of losing my privilege spot on the bowl "I was there first!"

My pee continues to splash everywhere, from the bowl to the floor, wetting my legs, my leggings and my thong. The relief of pissing is overwhelming but I must stay focused on not making a mess!

I push you with my butt till I can pee in the toilet too. Out asses touch and I feel a twinge in my vagina.

I look at you, peeing side by side with me, and I can't help but to kiss you.

###

I notice you kissing me and start pushing on you more trying to pee on the toilet getting some over the toilet and on my leggings and thong

###

We kiss passionately while our bladders release all the urine contained inside of them. I'm really excited and I can't help but to touch your face and your hair with my fingers. I finally suceed and I can't be more happy.

The pee splashing around our legs, toilet and feet, soaking our clothes seems to not finish, but my trickles starts to die while yours is still powerful...

###

Stream is still going strong as we continue to kiss passionately continue to pee

###

I'm so aroused I can't keep my hands in place while I kiss: I start touching your back, then your boobs, then your back again. One hand firmly hold your hair and head, the other runs around your whole body.

Our tounges touches and I want to suck your lips so bad! Will you consider me too naughty on doing this?

My stream dies slowly, leaving myself exhausted.

###

My stream dies down as we continue to kiss

###

With my eyes closed, I keep on sucking your tounge out, your saliva in my mouth and mines in yours. I notice that the trickling sound coming from your private parts ended a moment ago and my hand finds its way down there.

As I touch your vagina, you tremble. "I didn't have to do that, now she'll think that I want only to fuck her, but it's not like that, I like her, so much and..." while I think that you do something unpredictable..

###

I push you to the wall kissing you sucking you’re siliva and move my hand towards you’re vagina

###

In the complete mess of pee that's the toilet cubicle we are in, I let you fuck me gently with your wet hand. My leggings and thong on the floor, I'm completely yours and I beg for more kiss and more handjobs down there.

"Keep on, Katie!" I shout, while I catch breath between our kisses.

I can't help it but squirt on your legs a moment later: maybe it's pee, I don't really know...

###

” hey Sofia let’s go back to my place and finish “ I say giving you a wink as I kiss you

###

Hope everyone liked this new chapter as I did. We are now working on a new one, so let's stay tuned!

*008*2018-04-19 21:50

{{10 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was great ^^

}}

Thank you! :)

*010*2018-04-21 19:54

Here it is the third chapter of Katie and Sofia! Thanks again to the anonymous user that wrote with me this amazing RP: the major part (if not all) the ideas are theirs, I contribute only with a some changings. As always, I'm leaving the text in its original form, removing only our private messages. Enjoy!

Public Pool Pee

I play distractly with my golden hair, curling and culring a single lock, while waiting for you at the entrance of the public pool's bar area. My name is Sofia and I'm wearing a white bikini, maybe too much see-through, but not enough to reveal my private areas to the folk at the pool. My bikini bottom is a thong and I know you liked it so much because you looked at it for most of the time here at the pool.

"Hurry up, Katie! I'm melting!" I shout at you, trying to make you hurry: I really need an ice-cold soda. Too much sunbathing for this girl...

###

I am running up my brown air in a ponytail wearing a sexy red bikini

“ sorry I am late Sofia “ I say sweating as I approach you

###

You look stunning in this bikini: it really leaves me speechless everytime I see you approaching me, tanned and all wet from the pool.

"Don't worry, deary!" I say as I smack a kiss on the cheek. I can feel in my mouth the chlorine from your our last swim in pool: I don't like it. I like much better sensing your taste, just like we did in the bathroom of the gym last week...

"Please, an extra large soda for me and... what do you want Katie?" I say at the poor long sleeved bartender; it's a really hot day and I can't stand it anymore with this heat

###

“ can I also get a large soda “ I say smiling as I also really thirsty

###

"Cheers!" I say, while our cups full of sodas clinck. Whitin very few minutes I finish my cup already, that's how I was thirsty!

Trying to remain elegant, even if I just gulped down a very large cup of soda, I take your hand and take you to the pool. We cross the garden area and lay down on our spot, sunbathing.

"What a beautiful day!" I say, almost to myself. "What do you think Katie?"

###

I chug mine before we headed towards the sunbathing area “ yeah it really is a beautiful day “ I say smiling as we are laying next to each other

###

Under my shades, I look at your body laying next to me: I see you're a little fidgety, because your feet are moving up and down while we are laying, and your legs are squirming. I really like what I see...

I'm feeling my bladder fulling, but I can ignore it for now.

"Hey, Katie!" I try to gain your attention "Can you please spread me with sunscreen? not only the back, but also the front, pleaseeeeeeeee!" I ask you this with a wink.

###

“ only if you do me “ I say winking at you as I get up noticing my bladder is full

###

"Sure I'll do!" I say, giggling. I saw a smile starting on your face while you try to remain serious. I giggle so much I end up having both my hands in my crotch, holding myself.

I spread the sunscreen on your body as I lay above you: I start from your feet and legs, then up your arms, torso and back. I pinch jokingly your ass and we laugh. When I arrive at the bladder area I push a little more.

"What's wrong, deary?" I ask you, seeing your contractions.

###

“ ohh it’s nothing really just finish applying my sunscreen “ I say blushing madly

###

"Ok, then..." I say as I squirm a little in place.

"I'm done with the sunscreen, Katie" I stand up, my toes in the grass, I squirm a little to regain my balance. "Today is really too hot, I would like to swim a little in the pool..." I say, biting my lips.

###

Yeah I would love to “ I say smiling as I get up also squirming

###

"The last one that dive in needs lose!" my mouth shout as I start running barefeet to the pool

I feel the warmth of the tiles near the poolside under my soles and I need to get into that water soon or I'll melt my feet!

I see you running behind me, your perfect body in that red sexy bikini... wow!

As I jump to dive, I take my legs up and feel a little uncomfortable down there. "Hope I can last longer than Katie this time!" I think

###

I quickly jump in behind you the cold waster on my body makes me shiver as my need increases

“ ohh wow I didn’t think I was so full” I think to myself as we swim and play together in the water

###

I splash you with water while singing "I won! I won!" laughing.

We play together in the water for some time, in which I go underwater and pull your down with me, kissing you in the mouth. We are so happy to spend a day at the pool like this!

I feel a discomfort by now and I tell you that "Katie, do you like to stay some more in the pool, or do you like to sunbathe a little more?"

My legs scissor underwater to keep me in surface. but also because I start to feel the need to pee, and all this water is not helping me

###

“ ohh this water is making me need to go more especially after we kissed underwater “ I think to myself crossing my legs underwater

“ yeah we can go back an sunbathe “ I say smiling as we get out the water squirming a little as I do

###

"Ok, deary!" I say, winking at you "You still need to spread the sunscreen on me! My skin is so delicate..."

My legs bounce up and down while sitting on the grass, smoking a cigarette and waiting to dry myself.

"I need to go, but I don't want to leave this fantastic view" I think to myself, as I watch your ass in that red bikini

###

I sit down next to you keeping my legs crossed as they bounce waiting to dry “ it’s really hot out today “ I say smiling at you

###

"Yes, it is..." I say, while my hand wander to your back, scratching gently your shoulders.

I feel like I need to kiss you again, but I don't want to be too horny in such a public place or to smoochie with you. You could think I'm not the girl you thought!

My hair almost dried for the heavy sun, I get up to say with a giggle "do you want anything to drink? I'm thirsty again!" My legs crossed, I'm stading beside you "do you want to come with me?"

###

I stand up crossing my legs “ how about some shaved ice and I’ll come with you “ I say smiling

###

"Thank you" my eyes wander to find the toilet while we approach the bar again. We are so close, but I don't want to leave like this and also I want to see you squirming around...

I can't help it but to pee dancing on the spot while we order our shaved ice and pay for them. I cross and uncross my legs but I know that in some moments I will be super desperate for a piss.

I look at you and...

###

I am rubbing my tighs together as I eat my shaved ice “ I really need to pee but I don’t want to be rude and ruin this amazing date “ I think to myself looking at the toilets

###

When I finally take the courage to speak to you about my need - and the willpower to not look at your sculptured body - we got approaced by a group of girls we are friends with... Or at least you are friend with, they are just random encounters to me.

I squirm and twist my legs on the spot, trying to suppress the urge of pee, while we start chatting.

"Boy, that soda really passed through me!" I gasp, feeling a tiny spurt comes out

###

As we are chatting with them I keep my legs crossed as I continue to squirm thinking to myself “ I should not have had all that soda and that shaved ice”

###

I notice your pee dancing and, being side by side with me, it seems like we are dancing along to a silent song. I feel another spurt coming out in my bikini, so I blush madly saying "Excuse me, girls! I need to go a moment to... well, to... to my car, yes my car... I left there my... my lighter! Yes, yes..."

My blush increase as I leave you there with your friends and I try to walk straight to the toilet, without making anyone notich my desperation.

Opening the door to the toilet I almost faint seeing the long line that waits for me.

###

I am blushing as I continue to squirm trying not to let it show as I continue to talk with the girls hoping that one of them would mention that they have to pee so I am not the one forcing everyone to go looking for signs

###

"Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!" I swear in my mind, trying to remain calm on the outside. My legs can't stand still and the teens in front of me are looking at me weirdly, figuring out what my problem is.

There are still 3 girls in line and I feel another long spurt damping my bikini thong. I cross my legs, the left one remains folded in the air, just to be sure not to completely piss myself.

"I wonder if Katie needs to go like I do..." I think, in a desperate attempt to clear my mind out

###

I am rubbing my tighs together looking at the girls “ are they not desperate or anything come on it’s hot they I am sure one them or all of them are “ I say looking at there lower bodies for signs of them being desperate

###

"Just... One... More... Girl" my brain thinks as I'm approaching the only working stall in the toilet's pool. My hands are in my crotch, holding tightly my pussy: I'm going to lose control any minute now. I'm really really desperate and I spurt and spurt in my bikini.

My legs froze as the last girl in line before me enters the cubicle: that means I'm next! Yeeeheee!

Some drops of urine flow slowly down my legs to my barefeet. I can't take it anymore and hearing the water from the sink running is not helping!

###

“ hey I am going to bathroom real quick “ I say blushing madly as rub my tighs together

###

"Oh God! It's my turn!" I don't know if I thought that or if I actually said it out loud.

It's so arousing holding a full bladder, but it's not the same without Katie around... maybe with her also squirming!

I can't help to run, in a very clownesque way, to the cubicle, while the girl in front of me makes her way out of the toilet.

Another spurt escapes me, as I agonize with the door of the bathroom. As soon as I succeed to lock the door of the bathroom, I hear a loud knock...

###

“ hey Sofia it’s me Katie can you let me please it’s an emergency “ I say rubbing my tighs together going from foot to foot

###

"You can enter the cubicle..." I say, unlocking the door while holding myself in the crotch, "...but you have to watch me pee before!"

The door opens loudly and I see your desperate face entering the cubicle door: as you enter I sit on the bowl, slide my panties on one side and start peeing.

The hissing sound of my urine spilling out can be audible from across the room and I shrug in excitment of finally peeing...

###

I close the door behind me locking it trying to distract myself from the sound of you peeing I still se it come out grabbing my crotch as keep my legs crossed “ I had to cut the long line and I told them I was just doing my makeup “ I say blushing madly as I look at you with an envious look as you are getting to pee before I can go

###

"Oh, Katie! Do you need to pee bad?" I say, winking at you, releasing all my pee and getting some also into my hands by accident.

Urine still flowing out of me, I watch at your predicament...

###

“ yeah I definitely need to pee “ I say blushing as go from foot to foot grabbing myself

“ and watching you go isn’t helping “ I say blushing madly as I watch and hear you’re pee come out

###

"I see that, deary..." I bite my lips seeing you in such a sexy way like this and also for the pleasure of releasing a full bladder. "You want my seat, don't you? Beg me!"

###

“ please let me sit on the toilet “ I say making a cute face as I continue to squirm holding my crotch

###

"Mmmmmm I don't think you are begging hard enough!" I say, blushing but also touching myself as my trickle slowly dies...

###

“ please you wonderful beautiful Sofia please let me use the seat you are on to pee “ I say squirming as I continue to grab myself

###

"Better, my little Katie! Now said it with a british accent!" it's almost as sexy as funny... but for sure it's really sexy!

My stream died and now I'm just seated on the toilet, while you dance in front of me, desperately.

"I like seeing you in need of the toilet, deary!" I say, blushing and laughing "How much do you need to go?"

###

In a British accent “ I need to go really bad “ I say squirming as I watch you sitting on the toilet

###

"maybe now I can let you go..." I say, while I feel sincerely sorry for keeping Katie too much away from the toilet, desperate as I was moments before entering here.

I lift from the seat and adjust my thong to cover my pussy.

###

As you get up from the seat I say “ thank you “ as I pull down my bottoms and sit on the toilet giving a sigh of relief as my pee gushes out of me

###

I remain here watching you puffing and panting as you pee out loud. Your face of pure relief is so hot I can't help but to kiss you...

###

I kiss you back as we are kissing each other as I finish my pee

###

After we kiss, I say "maybe it's better to head outside of this bathroom: there is a line a furious young women trying to kill you because you cut the line before!"

___

I hope everyone had enjoyed reading this new chapter. There will be more in future :)

P.S.: I'm playing Sofia, if you're asking...

*012*2018-04-21 20:44

{{3 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

I'm so enjoying this ^^

}}

Thank you! We are too, as you can tell! The anonymous user is really full of ideas :)

*014*2018-04-21 21:20

{{2 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Its very Awesome ^^

}}

Thank you again!

*016*2018-04-26 15:53

A little warning first: in this story there will be a poop scene. The user I'm RPing with likes also poop desperation and just made it scenarios, beside pee desperation, and they wanted to add this scene; it combines the story pretty neatly, and I adore their way of thinking and writing.

To the Festival

As I approach your car, the wind let my golden long hair fly on my shoulders. I'm humming to myself, thinking if I got all the things I'll need at the festival we are going.

"So, in my backpack there is: food - Katie takes care of the beverages - a clean pair of panties, a clean skirt, socks, a hoodie, a tshirt of my favourite band, a torchlight, a..." my thoughs get interrupted by your voice, calling me.

"Sofia, what are you doing standing there?" you call me preoccupied.

I rush to enter the car and give you a quick kiss on the cheek, while I pull out my shades and put them on...

###

I am wearing my shades hair down wearing a white sundress that reaches my upper tighs it’s a little see through and you can see my dark blue panties and bright pink bra wearing white sandals and my nails are bright pink and bright blue “are you ready “. I say smiling as I approach with my cooler full of drinks

###

"Super ready! I can't wait to arrive to the festival!" I say, determinated to stay positive and to have lots of fun with you!

You look at me and I can see that you like what I'm wearing: a pair of leather sandals on my feet with natural color polish, a pair of violet lace panties, a pair of jeans shorts (really short!), a very small t-shirt (not so long, so my belly is exposed) and a violet bra.

I see your panties through your sundress and I feel aroused instantely. "Babe, are you trying to seduce me?" I say, using a fake male voice, trying to mock guys...

###

I lift up my sundress reavealing my panties and you can see the outline of my lips “ I am know “ I say giving you a wink

###

"That's why I like you, Katie!" I say, kissing your cheek again and again and wanting to put an hand on your pussy and touch you till you moan and... Well, my thoughts are going for theirselves, aren't they?

Anyway, you are driving and it would very dangerous doing that...

I start sipping a bottle of water you brought for the travel and not before long I had finished it. I noticed that there is an empty bottle on the backseats and I ask you "did you drink that one?"

###

“ yeah I was really thirsty on the way to you’re house “ I say blushing madly as I keep an eye on the road

###

"Well. I think that now we are even" I say, pointing at the empty bottle that I have in my hand.

###

“ even on what “ I say blushing madly looking at the empty cup

###

"We had the same amount of liquid inside us..." I say, opening a soda.

"But this is going to change soon!" I start gulping down the soda.

###

“ you are on “ I say also opening up a soda

###

"Are you challenging me, Katie?" I say, with a fake furious face "I am the master of soda-drinking, I warn you!"

I gulp down the soda as fast as I can, finishing it in very a brief period of time, while you drink yours. Then I open another one and start to gulp it down...

###

I start gulping mine faster attempting to catch up to you

###

"Ahah" gulp gulp "I'm beating..." gulp gulp "you!!!" gulp gulp

I finished the soda and tossed the empty can in the backseat, winking at you.

"Do you want to be humiliated again?" I say, pointing at two bottle of water.

###

“ no I have to drive “ I say tossing my empty can to the back blushing

###

"Poor little Katie is afraid of lose" I say, mocking you and laughing.

I don't mean it to be bad with you, it was just fun, that's all. I smile at you and I know I like you so much...

Anyway, I say "I really have to drink all this water alone?" with a cute face

###

“ I’ll drink some with yo but we need to save some for the festival “ I say winking at you

###

"Oh, yeah... sorry! I was so into competing with you that I forgot" I say with a giggle.

An hour passed and I feel asleep while you are driving.

###

“ it’s ok “ I say smiling as I see you going to sleep as focus on the road

###

"K-katie..." I say, waking up and don't knowing where I am "How long did I sleep?"

Suddenly I feel a twinge in my bladder and I twist my legs, crossing them. My barefeet waves in the air while I put an hand between my legs...

###

“ sorry I wasn’t paying attention “ I say one hand on my pussy as I am tapping my free foot and using the other on the gas pedal bitting my lower lip

###

"D-deary... May we stop soon, please?" I say, trying to look cute, but being desperate to the bones "I n-need to use the restroom..."

My legs are double-crossed and I can't resist the feeling of arousal from seeing that you're touching yourself too. Do you need to pee too? I think I know the answer...

###

“ yeah I also need to pee I’ll try and find somewhere to stop “ I say cutely as I look out the window

###

"S-so, you think you can pull out at the next stop area or do you like to see me desperate?" I say with a wink.

My hands deep in the crotch, I like how you squirm in the seat

###

“ I’ll try “ I say bitting my lower lip squirming as I continue to grab my crotch driving

###

"Oh!" I shout, as I feel a little spurt damping my lace panties

###

“ what’s wrong babe” I say continuing to squirm and hold myself as I drive

###

"I... I peed a little, deary!" I say, my hands deep in the crotch. My bladder hurts.

I'm really regretting that silly competition

###

“ I’ll step on “ I say hitting the gas as I try to get us to the rest stop

“ don’t worry I also really gotta pee “ I say blushing keeping my hand on my crotch as I feel a little pee come out

###

"Thank, babe! I'm really desperate!" my voice comes out almost as a whisper.

"Here's the rest stop!" I point out the next right lane

###

I start pressing the gas to slow down and get in “ we made it “ I say smiling still holding myself

###

I smile at you, proud of your driving skills. Again you save the situation, my little deary babe.

As I get out of the car, I need to hold myself to avoid any leakings. I run inside of the building with you, my flip flops making lots of noise: we screen the whole place in search for a toilet.

When we find it, we discover a mad line for the bathroom, really long and full of desperate ladies.

###

I am still holding my crotch but rubbing my thighs together as we get in line ask the lady infront of us “ I am so sorry for bothering you but what is going on why is there a line “ I say blushing madly as I continue to squirm

###

"Two buses full of yuong girls going to that music festival and some bad previsions about how much a bladder can contain. miss" the lady said, pointing ahead. We see the girls she was talking about: they're all our age or so, pee dancing on the spot or with their legs crossed.

"Five minutes left, girls. Then we will hit the road" shouted the bus driver into the bathroom lounge.

I'm still holding my crotch as we see this scene: another little spurt makes its way out of me, damping my jeans shorts.

"What do we do, Katie? I need to pee!!!!" I ask you, almost crying

###

“ they only have 5 minutes left I am sure we can wait “ I say holding myself as I rub my thighs together

###

"If you say so..." I say, crossing and uncrossing my legs, in a dancing like movement.

I look at you, at your squirming pace and your cute little face biting lips. I want to kiss so bad, but I don't dare to move from my position, I'll risk to piss myself!

###

“ how many stalls are in there “ I ask squirming as I continue to squirm

###

"I think there are 5 stall, but..." as I'm speaking a cleaning lady comes in and starts shouting:

"Please, everyone out! An urgent problem at the plumbing system force us to close the toilets. Please out of the building!"

"What?" I say, almost crying "Is this happening for real?"

My legs keep squirming and I can't resist to pee dancing on the spot. I feel my hand placed in the crothc getting wetter.

"What do we do, K-katie? Should we risk using the next rest stop area's bathroom or what?"

###

“ I’ll take my chances at the next reststop “ I say grabbing myself as we turn around making our way to the car

###

You hold my hand as we run across the parking lot and we see the girls returning desperately on the buses.

As we return on the street, we are more and more desperate for a piss

###

I keep my thighs together holding myself as we enter the car and starting it as I start reversing with one hand grabbing my crotch and rubbing my thighs together I tell you “ if we are faster we can beat them to the next stop “ I say hitting the gas

###

"Please, drive as fast as you can, it's starting to come out!" I say, tears in my eyes.

But soon we face a problem...

###

I soon stop the car “ I can’t we are stuck in traffic “ I say grabbing my pussy crossing my legs as press on the breaks bitting my lower lip

###

"Fuck!" I curse out loud "and now what are we going to do?"

I begin to cry, not wanting to piss myself in your car. I unbutton my jeans short to relieve some pressure on my bladder, but it's not enough...

###

“ I really don’t know “ j say still in the same position

“ do you have any ideas Sofia “ I say looking for an opening or something we can use to get out of this traffic

###

"Maybe we c-can switch lane, but..." my voice comes out as a stutter "...oh no! Also that lane is pretty j-jammed right now!"

My legs are bouncing up and down, I can't stand still for more than 2 seconds. I'm on the verge of wetting myself.

"Did you throw away all the bottle we drank before?" I ask desperately

###

“ yeah why “ I ask my voice sounding strained as I squirm continuing my position

###

"Fuck! We could have piss in them!" I curse, tears running on my cheeks

###

“ I am sorry I didn’t think we would hit traffic “ I say also starting to tear up

“ it’s a risk but I can go off road and quickly reach the next rest stop “ I say readying up

###

"Yes, yes, please do that!" I'm almost shouting. that's how bad I need to pee

In the meantime I pull my jeans shorts off the way and I am now only wearing my wet violet lace panties and a t-shirt, still holding myself

###

I grab my crotch as I hit the gas going off road heading away from the traffic or the closest rest stop

###

"S-so b-b-bumpy!" my voice is shaking due to the road we are going on. I feel another long jet to pee exiting my pussy, so I grab myself tight just in time.

"How.. How are you doing, Katie?"

###

As we are driving I can’t help but let out s little shriek as a little pee comes out “ I gotta hurry “ I say driving a little faster

###

"Hurry up, deary! It's coming out!" I say, shivering

"How long till the next rest stop area?"

###

“ I am trying baby mine is also coming out and I don’t know it should not be far know” I say driving as fast as I can

###

"Ok, ok, but as s-soon as we arrive there, I'll get to go first! I'm super desperate!"

###

No way I should get to go first I am the one driving and we are in this mess because you wanted to have a drinking competition “ I say as little bit of be comes up still going as fast as I can

###

"But.. but..." I'm crying now, very much: I'm not used to be the weak one between us, plus I'm almost peeing myself. However you are right, I was the one that wanted the competition and I will pay the price.

Whilst thinking all of this, we arrive at rest stop area: a very large parking lot, with lots of cars, with a big building far from the entrance lane...

###

I Park the car getting down holding myself going from foot to foot “ come on Sofia put on you’re shorts “ I say outside of the car

###

Hopping back and forth on only one leg, I put on my short but leave them unbuttoned. I run with you to the bathroom, holding your hand and almost tripping on my flip flops.

People can see my lace panties but I don't care: I just need a toilet!!!

###

We are by the entrance holding onto each other’s hands “we are almost there Sofia “ I say gripping myself tightly not caring who sees my panties

###

"The fuck!" I shout when I see that the bathroom lounge is huge, but all the stalls are occupied and there is a giant line of desperate women.

I recognize some of the girls from the buses: some of them are very desperate, holding themselves and pee-dancing; other girls are relieved, because they're exiting the cubicles; another one is losing her battle, pissing herself in her shorts kakhis and loafers directly on the floor.

Seeing such a scene make my bladder even more full, or at least that's what it feels like to me. I'm pee-dancing on the spot, my jeans shorts lowered almost at mid-thigh, as I'm pulling my lace panties up my crotch: if anyone turns around in this moment, they could see my vagina completely.

The wet patch on my crotch slowly expands as we take our spot in line, between a very cute frantic African-American girl and a squirming semi-naked redhead.

I turn to you and I whisper in your ear, despite the awful sound of three flushing toilets all at the same time "I can't hold it anymore! Do you think you can ask these girls if they let us cut the line?"

###

I lift up my dress revealing my panties as they are wet as I keep my legs crossed “ I am really sorry I was wondering if I could cut infront of you girls I am about to have an accident “ I say tearing up looking at the 5 infront of me

###

"Well... ok" says one of the girls, seeing Katie in such a desperate condition. Then they get to one side, to the wall, so the next available will get to Katie.

I stand there beside you, next to the toilet when a girl grabs my t-shirt and pulled me apart. "We said ok to the brunette only! You can't cut the line!" a very desperate girl shouted at my face.

"But.. I..." I stutter a little before returning to our original spot in the line. I'm still squirming and shaking, trying every move that I know to not pee my pants.

I watch you with puppy eyes as you enter the stall.

###

Before I enter the stall I look at you smiling winking at you sticking my Tongue out as I enter the stall closing it behind me

###

"Katie, you mean..." I murmur to myself, almost exploding. I feel more and more spurts coming, but somehow I manage to be controlled. My poor muscles hurts so much!

###

I quickly pull down my panties to my knees and sit down giving a sigh of relief as my pee gushes out of me

###

I can hear a very loud hissing sound coming from your stall, with some sighs of relief. I grab my pussy even more, but it's no use: I'm going to wet myself any moment now. I need to take a decision...

###

As my pee stream ends you hear a loud fart coming from my stall as I pull down my panties to my thighs and you hear me grunting

###

The girls that let you cut the line start banging on your door. "You said you were going to have an accident!"

"You filthy liar!"

"There are someone out here in a real need of a piss!" shout the girls, squirming and shaking when you poop.

The redhead girl behind me starts to pee herself: I can see a trickle coming from under her striped dress and down to her legs, while she whisper "God, no, please, just a sec!"

I'm in no better shape: piss is spurting out of me like crazy! I'm almost seated on my heel, as it push into my pussy. It hurts so much!

###

I wasn’t lying I after I finish peeing I started to feel the need to poop and couldn’t stop “ I say as my voice sounds like I am grunting as my final piece of poop is crackling on its way out slowly

###

In the general chaos, a cubicle opens and a tiny girl tries to fight the orde of desperate gals that want to pee in that cubicle. The winner, however, is the leaking redhead, aka the fastest between all the girls.

As soon as she enters the cubicle, she lifts her dress and pulls her panties to one side, pissing full force, without even closing the bathroom door.

I can't be indifferent to all of that: I'm practically pissing on myself right now. I'm so desperate I can't even stand. I feel my heel getting wetter: the floodgates are open!

###

As I finish pooping e get up and start wiping “ ok I am going to start wiping do you girls can have you’re turn “ i say making sure I am clean

###

The girls shout at you, pleading to open 'that fucking door! We are going to piss our pants!' They are dancing on the spot, with their hands on the crotch. The African American hot girl that was in front of us was now crying, while the redhead peeing girl is still gushing on another stall, with the door still open.

I'm literally having an accident, so I decide to rush to the sink area: there I climb on a sink, pull my jeans shorts and panties down - still pissing through my hand in the crotch - and my little trickle of urine becomes a rivulet and then a river, exploding out of my pussy.

###

I finish wiping and flush pulling up my panties “ ok I am done” I say smiling as I open the door

###

When you open the door, the girls rushed in, trying to get the only available stall, all really desperate.

Meanwhile I'm still seated at the sink, hot pee gushig out of me and splashing on the ceramic. I'm completely drenched and I'm wetting more and more. Some girls look at me with a disgusted face; other ones laugh at me; all of them suffer my relief: hearing someone peeing while you need to is bad!

I don't care what they think: now I'm in heaven. Releasing all that urine from my bulging bladder makes me shiver and moan, almost orgasmically. I love it!

Some pee is dripping from my toes, making a little puddle on the tiled floor...

###

” hey Sofia I tought they would let yo cut aswell “ I say blushing approaching yo

###

I wake up from my pee-ecstasy hearing your voice. I'm still peeing but the river is now becoming more and more weaker.

"No, they didn't!" I reply, making an angry face at you "and I had to find a solution myself! I'm soaked wet: what are we going to do with this, Katie?" I'm sobbing under my breath, almost faking it to make you feel guilty...

###

I lean in and kiss you on the lips and pull away after a few seconds “ let’s go get you changed “ I say grabbing you’re hand and pulling you along

____
