My Lide as a teenage bedwetter

Aurhos: SashaButters

*011*2015-09-06 20:30

A/N Just a warning that the story gets a bit religious from this point on. I had planned on pretty much taking it out, but I didn't realize how much it played into the story line so I'm leaving it in more for character development purposes. If you don't like it, just skip over it. I had wanted to be a christian fiction writer back when I wrote this, if my past self read what I wrote in Just Let it Out, she'd probably have a heart attack lol

“What happened to your pants? You’re wearing different ones.” Allison asks, pointing down to the faded blue pair.

“Oh, I guess I rolled around in something sticky on the floor, there was a mysterious green colored substance down my leg.”

She raises her eyebrows at me, but doesn’t pursue it. Why does everyone keep giving me that look? Am I that bad of a liar? I’m sure I could’ve come up with something better, but I couldn’t think of anything good that fast. Why can’t she be as oblivious as Jaclyn? That would definitely help me out a lot.

When we get back to my house I grab some popcorn and shuffle Al into my room. I close the door and drop down on the floor with Al.

“So what’s up, what do you want to talk about?” she asks. Just my luck, when I want her to be oblivious, she knows something’s up, but when I want her to know, she pulls a Jaclyn.

I take a deep breath and try to remember the awful feeling of my dream, the large amounts of fear, guilt, shame, and the overwhelming gratefulness when I woke up. I thought for sure I had died. It wasn’t one of those dreams were subconsciously you know your asleep and dreaming. It was so much more than that. I don’t think I’ve ever experienced such strong emotions in a dream before. I sit there for a moment and try to concentrate on all those emotions that are driving me do things right this time. I realize I must be one of the luckiest people in the world. Not everyone gets a second chance to re-do life.

“I want to talk about God.” I say. Allison immediately sits up straight; I can tell she’s been waiting for this moment for a while.

“What do you want to know?” she asks dead serious. It’s almost scary.

“Everything.” I say “everything you’ve been trying to tell me for the last three years.” She seems lost in thought for a moment; I can tell she’s trying to find the best things to tell me.

“Why the sudden change of heart?”

“I had a dream that really freaked me out, a continuation of the ones I’ve been having, except this one was…different.” I continued to tell her about all the dreams I’ve been having and all the emotions I’d experienced in them. I told her everything, except the whole leakage problem.

I sit there in silence, waiting for her to say something, anything. It takes her a moment to leave her thoughts and come back down to earth. She finally snaps back.

“Wow, those are some freaky dreams.”

“Yeah.”

“I think there’s a purpose to them though. I think God is trying to get your attention.”

“Well He did a swell job of it.”

She began to tell me things, things I already knew but never fully understood. She told me things like how God sent His son to die for me and everyone, and how He would have done it anyway, even if I was the only person. She told me that He knows everything I’ve ever done, but still loves me no matter what. For the first time, these things started to sink in. That He understands how I feel, how embarrassed and scared I feel. The little insecurities in the back of my mind, He knows them all.

I’d always known these things, but I never truly believed them. I knew all the stories from being forced to go to church and whatnot when I was little. It just never really sunk in. I began to believe them, but was I ready? I’ve tried for years to convince people that I didn’t need help, that I was fine on my own. Was I ready to throw that all away and admit that I needed help?

“Are you okay?” Al asks.

“I think so.” My mind is spinning with so many questions.

“Do you want to pray?” She’s looking straight at me, he green eyes staring straight into mine. I look away; I’m not sure what to do at this point. I know in my heart everything Al has told me is right, it’s not that I don’t believe, I’m just sort of afraid. I’m too ashamed of myself to do it; I’m too scared to face God.

“I don’t know if I’m ready yet.” I say.

“It’s your choice; I just don’t want you to make the wrong one.” I realize at this point, she really is looking out for me. I always just thought she wanted me to think she was right. Now I know it isn’t like that. I have the best friend anyone ever could ask for. It’s always been about me, not her.

She’s been trying to get me to see it for my own good.

“Thank-You. I’ll be ready when the time comes.” I know I don’t have much time left, but this just doesn’t feel right for me yet.”

“Will you do me one favor though?” she asks.

“Anything.”

“When the time comes, will you come get me?”

“I wouldn’t do it with anyone else.” For once, I wasn’t lying. She scoots over next to me and pulls me into a giant hug.

I have no idea how long we stayed that way, and I didn’t care. I just wanted to stay wrapped in my best friends’ arms. All the things that have been happening just seemed to melt away. We stayed that way until my mom came up and knocked on the door.

Thanks mom…

We let go of each other and went to see what my mom wanted. She came up to help me pack. I dry my eyes on my sleeve and open the door to let her in. She comes in with an armful of my clothes and dumps them on the bed.

“Jeez, mom, I’ll be gone for two days, not two weeks.” I say as I stare at the mound of about every article of clothing I own.

“I just want you to be well prepared.” She says, pushing past me to my closet to pull out a traveling bag.

“Thanks, but I’ll take it from here.” I say as I go to shoo her out. “Now.” I say as I stare back at Al. “You’re scaring me. Will you please stop being all serious and whatnot and go back to being queen A.D.D?”

Al helps me pack as we talk some more until we are both exhausted and ready for bed. I climb into bed as Al makes a place for herself on the floor.

I lie down and let my mind wander about all the things that she told me and about my embarrassing moment in detention. At least the school nurse was cool about it, for some reason anyway. I really, really hope no one else noticed.

I wonder if it’s possible to die from embarrassment, I have a feeling I’m about to find out.

^ - ^

It’s suddenly dark. I try to look around to see what has happened, but I can’t see anything. The room explodes with a bright light, which forces me to shield my eyes. There’s now fire all around the room illuminating it. I squint around trying to figure out what’s going on. I start to take in the room, it’s huge, at least a mile in each direction, or more. I couldn’t see where it ends. It almost looked like a giant…courtroom. It hit me fast and hard, like that piano that always falls on Donald Duck. I hear a voice call out my name. A strong, powerful, no- nonsense voice. The voice of God. I feel nothing but guilt and fear. I feel so transparent.

The knowledge that He knows everything begins to overwhelm me. He proves this by showing me things of my life. Sins. Everything I have ever done, that makes me cringe thinking about, even the things I once felt proud of, makes me now feel ashamed. I can’t look up for the feeling of shame is to strong. I only deserve to look at the floor, but only because it is the lowest thing to look at.

Tears are flowing freely from my eyes. I feel as even they are trying to get away from me. I have never felt so ashamed of myself; I even want to leave myself. I start to feel envious of my tears.

“Katie.” He says, no compassion in his voice, I realize it’s too late for that, I had my chance and I blew it. He shows me all the times Allison has tried sharing Him with me, and all the times she has invited me to go to youth group with her. How every time I change the subject and make up some lame excuse that I already have plans. How could I have been so stupid? How could I not have seen the truth, it was right there in front of me this whole time, and I was too stubborn to see the truth. After all this time I always thought they were the stupid ones wasting their lives, when in reality they got the last laugh. I was being the one who wasted forever in return for a few short years. I just want to scream and yell out at my stupidity.

It’s too late. It’s over. I lost. I burn.

I’m burning! Everything is dark and dry! My eyes burn! I go to close them but I can’t! My eyelids are gone! I’m forced to stand there while dry, hot, dirty wind blows straight into my eyes.

I look down at the rest of my body and realize my clothes are gone!

“Well, at least no one else is here,” I tell myself as I look in every direction, but see nothing but dry, desolate, dessert in every direction as far as my eyes could see.

I take a step, in an attempt to find someplace to get out of the heat, but am forced to stop as a wave of pain shoots through me.

Boils the size of tennis balls have sprouted all over my skin and the bottoms of my feet. I cry out in pain, I need to get off my feet! I cry out in frustration and pain, there no way I can, I can’t sit down, the boils are everywhere. I’d only be sitting on them.

I stand still, praying by some miracle they’d go away, but they don’t. The pain worsening with every passing second that I remain standing.I see a figure walking slowly towards me, I desperately look around for a place to hide, but all that meets me is dry, open, desert.

I look over to see who it is and see…my mom?

She walks up to me, rage displayed across her face, and begins to inform me that she wishes she never had me. That her life would have been so much better without me, and that her and dad would still be married. That she was embarrassed of ever having me as a daughter. What? What’s going on?

I look back over at her, but she’s gone. My dad has taken her place.

“Worthless child.” He says. “Alex was always so much better then you.” I start to cry, but the tears are…acid! They burn a hole down the side of my face. It immediately pops the sore on my face and they start to bleed. The pain is excruciating.

The more pain I feel the more I want to cry, but the more I cry the more it hurts. I look up and see Al there.

“You were always such a horrible friend. You think you're right about everything, but you’re not. You deserve what you’re getting, I tried to tell you otherwise, but you’re too stupid to know any better. I don’t know why I even bothered with you. .”

No! This can’t be right? Al wouldn’t be down here. As soon as I realize this a horrible creature takes her place. It comes closer, growling, and frothing at the mouth. The eyes are just black pits, its body wrinkly and gray. I look over and see more coming. They start climbing up me, ripping open the sores on my body. I start screaming at the top of my lungs.

There are five or six on me as I try to fight them off, but they just keep coming. They're completely covering me, until I can’t breath, they climb over my eyes, and on to the top of my head, until you can’t even see me. I fall down, and continue to fall.

“Go to the bathroom before bed!”

“Katie?” I feel a hand touch me and instantly awaken to my room. Allison is standing over my bed wearing a concerned expression on her face. “Are you okay?” she asks. “You were screaming. Were you having another nightmare or something? You were really starting to freak me out.”

I nod and look down at my boil free skin. I wipe the sweat that’s falling down the side of my face with my arm and sigh with relief. It was just a dream. A dream! Oh no!

I move my legs slightly under the covers and silently gasp in horror. I’m stuck. My mom’s going to be in here to wake us up any minute. I can’t get up with Al in the room.

“Yeah. I did.” I say trying to act normal.

“Oh, well it’s time to get up, we’re leaving in like forty minutes or something." She says walking over to her stuff in the corner.

“I’ll get up in a minute.” I mumble, hoping she goes downstairs.

“Sure you will.” She says sarcastically as she grabs the end of my blanket and begins to pull it down. I quickly grab the other end up as fast as I can.

“Al, no, please don’t.” I beg as I pull the blanket back over my lap. She stares at me from my response and raises her eye brows at me.

“What is it that you don’t want me to see here?” she asks suspiciously, eyeing me curiously.

“Nothing. Please just don’t.” I plead. “Could you just give me a minute to get dressed?”

“Hmm…You insist you’re not hiding anything, but you won’t take the blanket off, and you want me to leave…Okay…” she says and she turns her back and walks towards the door. I heave a sigh of relief, but she quickly turns back and before I can stop her, grabs the blanket off me and throws it to the floor.

I hang my head in shame and wait for her to notice. It doesn’t take long.

“Oh…My…God!” she stammers.

The room goes awkwardly quiet. I throw my hands over my lap, and slowly look up at her. She doesn’t seem disgusted, just surprised. Really surprised.

“You wet the bed?” she says slowly, not believing it was true. “I can’t believe it! You wet the bed?”

I don’t say anything, I can’t. There’s no excuse for this. It’s pretty obvious. My cheeks must be on fire. I jump out of bed and change without a word, as she stares silently at me. I feel her eyes on the back of my neck following me from place to place.I take the sheets and stuff them under the bed with the ones from previous nights. I wrestle with a clean sheet as I attempt to put it on the bed and not cry. She doesn’t seem to notice this; she’s to busy looking under the bed.

“Al, please don’t.” I mange to whisper. She re-appears with a strange look on her face.

“There’s more!?” she asks in disbelief.

I nod as tears start to fall. I don’t think this could get any more embarrassing.

I sit on my bed as tears start to silently make their way down my face. I turn my head as I notice Al watching me.

“Don’t cry.” She says. I don’t listen to her. I hear my mom coming to get us up; I quickly wipe my eyes and pretend to be intently interested in what currently resides under my finger nail, making it a point to avoid Allison’s gaze at any cost.

*014*2015-09-07 04:59

{{:

Er, the latest chapter is suffering copy paste syndrome, might want to fix that.

}}

That it is, kinda stuck with it at the moment until I can get to a computer

*016*2015-09-07 07:26

{{:

I don't know why but the whole atheist turned religious seems a bit clichwéd.

}}

Not really, compared to all the other cliqued themes on this site. Plus usually it's the other way around. I have yet to read a single omo story about this. The story isn't about "atheist turned religious" anyway, it's more about two friends trying to save each other. One physically and the other spiritually.

I'm aware it sucks, with gaping plot holes etc. It's the first thing I EVER wrote 8 years ago

*018*2015-09-07 17:20

Thanks guys :)

Ugh I hate preachy stuff *now* so I really debated posting this story here. I was kind of expecting to get an inbox full of hate mail haha

The background of where I copied it from came with it when I posted it.

*020*2015-09-07 21:50

Chapter 6

It was definitely the most awkward car ride I’ve ever been in. We both sit in the back in silence the whole way there. My mom keeps asking us if we are okay.

“Fine.” I say a little too quickly.

When we get there, I go join the rest of the group. Jaclyn spies us and makes her way over past the rest of the half- dead looking kids.

“What’s wrong?” she asks at the sight of the two of us staring at the ground, trying to avoid eye contact with each other. I walk away and wait for it.

Jaclyn screams and that’s the sign that Al told her what happened. I keep my eyes down as they start to re-fill with tears.

I bump into someone and look up. It’s the school nurse. I start to cry even harder.

“Katie, what’s wrong, what happened?” All I manage to get out is a couple high pitch squeaks. She takes my hand and guides me over to a secluded bench away from the group. “Are you okay?” she asks, chewing more mint flavored gum. Obviously not lady. I just shake my head and wait for myself to calm down.

“Allison spent the night last night. I had another nightmare, and she ripped the blankets off of me when I refused to get out of bed. She found out why I wouldn’t get up the hard way.”

“Oh, I’m so sorry.” She says as she gives me a big hug. Why is it that hugs is can make things seem so much better? “What did you dream about?” she asks. I told her about the weird things I had experienced during this dream. "Wouldn't it have been better if you took what I offered you?" She asks gently, but not in a I-told-you-so, way. I mumble something unintelligible as a response while looking down at the dirt, before swallowing my pride, or what's left of it, and ask for another.

"Sorry, hun, I don't have anything like that with me. Those were for the Special Education class." Great, so now I'm special ed.

Mr. Lenord, my Biology teacher, calls me back over while waving his arms in the air. Okay, I get it, no need to cause a scene.

I thank the school nurse for all her help. She gives me one more hug before I go back and face my friends. She should really be the school shrink instead or something. I try to take deep breaths as I walk back over to the rest of the group.

Mr. Lenord gives the usual speech about what, and what not to do on this trip. The usual stuff, don’t do drugs, don’t drink, no personnel display of affection. We got the message, not like he didn’t explain it all a hundred times before in class. Not like anyones going to listen. I mean about the whole display of affection thing, not the whole drug thing.

“Does anyone need to go to the bathroom before we leave?” he asks. Jaclyn comes over and elbows me in the ribs.

“We know Katie sure doesn’t.” she says winking at me. Allison buries her face in her jacket to keep from laughing. I ignore her and pretend to be interested in what he has to say. He begins to read off the bed assignments. I end up getting Jaclyn as my bed mate. Allison elbows her in the ribs and says, “Your turn.”

We walk over to the cabins as I hear Jaclyn chanting “Please be bunk beds, please be bunk beds.” To mine and her relief they were.

“Don’t even think you’re getting the top bunk.” she informs me with a playful smile. We drop our stuff off on our bed, when Allison comes up to me.

“Want to go for a walk?” she asks. Not really, but I agree anyway. The first few minutes we spend in awkward silence as we walk around. Allison finally breaks the ice.

“So what’s been happening?” she asks as she looks ahead at the lake.

“What do you mean?” I ask, knowing perfectly well what she’s talking about.

“Well, what’s been making you do… that?” she says, still avoiding eye contact. “I mean you’ve never had that little problem before…right?” she asks, meeting my eyes.

“No. It just sort of started happening whenever I have nightmares.” I say as I turn my head and stare at the ground.

“Sorry about earlier. I was kind of in…shock.” I nod, still keeping my eyes on the ground.“Well you got to admit, it’s kind of funny, it’s not everyday you find out your best friend secretly wets the bed. I’ve been wondering why you’ve given up soda, and why there’s all those air fresheners in there.”

I look over and see her laughing. I laugh for a second to, a nervous laugh at first, but then it turns real. We both end up laughing as hard as we can by the time we get back, tears flowing from both our eyes. I look ahead to see the school nurse, who gives me a smile.

“I swear, it’s just when I have nightmares. It doesn’t happen during a regular nights sleep.”

“You must be having a lot of nightmares, you have a pretty good collection going on under your bed.” she says.

“Oh please,” I say, “That’s not even counting all of the sheets I turned pink. And there’s also yesterday during detention."

“You’re joking, right?”

“Nope.”

Al leans up against a tree, attempting to catch her breath from laughing too hard, but it’s usually pretty easy to get her to do, considering she laughs at everything.

“I can’t believe you peed your pants during detention.” She laughs clutching her side. I try to act serious for a moment.

“What am I going to do about tonight and tomorrow? If I have a nightmare, it’s going to be next to impossible to hide it from everyone. There is like ten other girls in our cabin. Most people already know about my little episode yesterday. Especially because Assyla was in the same room with me. There probably waiting to see what kind of crazy things I do this time.”

Which reminds me, why was she in my nightmare last night? What does she have to do with any of this? Hopefully nothing.

It’s a nightmare enough without her presence.

“So, what did you dream about this time?” she asks, crashing down near a patch of trees.

This is the first time I’ve had time to settle down and think about it. I sit down under a tree and let the wind blow my hair into my face. I replay the incidents in my mind making sure all of the information is correct, and proceed to tell her what happened.

“Wow.” She says. “And I thought your last dream was scary.”

“Yeah, but you want to hear the really weird part?”

“It gets weirder?” she asks in disbelief.

“I keep hearing a voice that tells me to go to the bathroom before going to bed.” Al falls over laughing.

“Are you serious?”

“Yeah. Even my nightmares are making fun of me.”

“Well, you should listen to it then.” She said trying to keep a straight face. “What’s with you and the nurse? Normally people our age don’t exchange hugs with their school nurse’s.”

“Oh. It’s because she found out about my little problem yesterday… She’s been cool about it.” I say, feeling my face turn a deep shade of red.

My face has been this color a lot lately, if I blush anymore, I think it might permanently stay this way. I shall forever walk my days on earth looking like I fell asleep at the beach.

“How did she find out? Was it during your CAT scan?” Al asks poking me in the ribs.

“No. She was wondering why I kept pulling down on my jacket, so she made me take it off. It was one of my most embarrassing moments having to sit there and show her what I was trying to hide. She said she would keep it between us and I told her about the dreams I’ve been having. Well, I take that back, it WAS the most embarrassing moment, but I think this morning takes the lead.”

“Oh, were you crying because when you came back out your eyes were all red.”

“Oh, yeah. When she made me unzip my jacket, she came over and gave me a hug. That’s when I officially lost it.” I say as I stare back down to the ground.

“Oh. So that’s where you got those clothes. Yeah, the floors aren’t THAT gross.”

“Yeah, but I had to wear boxers for the rest of the day.”

“That’s where they came from? I saw them on your bathroom floor this morning. Your brother doesn’t seem like the kind of guy to wear boxers with Spider-Man on them. And why would your brother even be in your bathroom.”

“Nice.”

“What were you guys talking about this morning?” Al asks. Just to tease me of course.

“Hmm. What horrific thing could have possibly have happened this morning?” I say sarcastically

“Hmm….I wonder what would happen if I de-blanketed you tomorrow morning.” She says, sporting a devilish grin, which to me, resembled a gremlin.

And no, I’m not talking about Gizmo.

“Don’t you even dare!” I glare at her. I just want to get through this…phase with as much dignity as I can muster. But by the way things are going; I don’t think I’m going to have very much of that by the time this trip ends.

“Relax, you know I wouldn’t do that to you,… in front of other people anyway. No guarantees about doing it front of Jaclyn for our own amusement. We can’t totally let you off the hook”

“You’re evil. You know that?” I say as I get up and punch her in the arm. “Just don’t tell any more people. I know you already told Jaclyn, she’s been teasing me all morning.” I mumble.

“Sorry.” She says massaging her arm “But we have to. If you think we’re just going to sit here, knowing our best friend wets the bed, you’re crazy. It’s been the best thing that’s happened since Jaclyn threw up on Bugs Bunny at Magic Mountain.”

“Will you two stop bringing that up. That was three years ago. It’s behind us, far, far behind us.” Jaclyn says as she walks up and joins us on the ground. “Let’s tease Katie instead.”

“Sorry. You came too late, it already happened.” I said. “So if that’s behind us…then this morning is behind us too…right?” I ask hopefully.

“Awe darn. Let’s start over then.” Jaclyn says, ignoring my pleas to put this behind us.

“Or we could change the subject!” I suggested hopefully. “As funny as my lack of self-control is, isn’t it getting old?” Al and Jaclyn exchange glances and sigh.

“Sorry ,Katie, but this is one of those moments that will forever go down in history.” Says Al as she starts examining a pinecone.

“I wish I was there.” Jaclyn sighs as she too started playing with the pinecones. She takes a glimpse at her hand, which is now sticky with pinesap, and throws it over her head. She then takes a can of soda out of her backpack and wipes her hand on its condensation.

“No you don’t.” says Al as she too ditches the pinecone and rubs its sticky sap on her pants. “Awkward…so very, very awkward. And don’t even get me started on the car ride up here.” I sigh and stare at Jaclyn’s soda, then back at my own Root Beer absent hands.

“Don’t give her one.” Jaclyn says to Al as she picks one up to hand to me. “I have to share a bed with her.”

“A bunk bed.” I quickly remind her. “The top bunk, which you have by the way, is the only thing you would have to worry about. We are sleeping on two separate mattresses. And it’s only 11:00 something in the morning. It’ll be long gone by the time we go to bed.”

“Yeah, but hey, why take any chances.” She says. I look up at Al, who sees this and takes a long slow drink of her own.

“Stop doing that!” I snap. She smiles back.

“Sorry, I couldn’t resist.” She says. I roll my eyes back at her. Do any of them really pay any attention to the effect this subject might be having on me? Of course not.

“Well I’m going to go in the cabin for a minute; I’ll see you guys later.” I say as I get up and make my way back over to cabin 32.

On the way, I pass by Mr. Stinky as he heads over to the make-shift cafeteria. I give him a wave, but he doesn’t return the favor.

Seriously, get over it man, it was just a little bop in the nose. You’ll live.

“Finally, a minute to myself without getting made fun of.” I say to myself as I fall back onto a bed. Which, I got to say, wasn’t the greatest decision I could have made, considering these mattresses were as hard as rocks. At least I brought towels; it will make it a little more comfortable.

I pull up my backpack off the floor and start digging around in it. “Oh no”! I moan as I re-search my bag for the fiftieth time.

I forgot to bring towels.Not like they would keep anyone from seeing, but to simply save the mattress from a horrible, wet fate.

Can rocks even stain?

I glance over and notice all the dead bugs in the windowsill, and it begins to gross me out. I turn the other way and stare at the rows of the empty, metal, black, bunk beds.

Maybe I should be concentrating more on the dreams themselves and less on their side affects, as heinous as they might be. Why am I even making such a big deal about this? They're just dreams after all, right? No big deal, but then why does my mind consider the possibility of them being so much more?

Even if they were more than just dreams, that doesn’t explain why I’m wetting the bed. THAT I could sure do without. I mean I can’t find a logical purpose for it, if these dreams are trying to tell me something, I’m sure they would do a perfectly good job without the whole leakage problem.

What if they’re trying to warn me about something that’s going to happen? What good would that do? We’re both going to die.

Wait! That’s it! I have to change it! I have to do something that will change the result. What though? I could always grab a teacher. Yeah, that should work. Instead of wasting time gawking at him, I’ll tell someone. Who should I grab? Who’s the closest? Mr. Stinky! He’s got some pretty good biceps for a History teacher. He isn’t that far away either. There, if it ever happens in real life, I’ll go get Mr. Stinky

There’s something that’s been bugging me about him though, even more so then his breath anyway. He just…resembles the guy from my nightmares so much. Well, okay, now not so much, but when I first saw him, I saw the guy who was going to do this. It was him. Maybe I’m just taking things out of hand; it was just a dream after all. I’ve seen Mr. Stinky around school before, my mind just somehow managed to throw him into all of this.

Besides, it couldn’t be him anyway. The guy from my nightmare is as bald as Mr. Clean. And he’s supposed to have a tattoo of a snake down his left arm. Just because Mr. Stinky’s only employed part-time doesn’t mean they’d actually hire him with that tattoo. This school has a pretty strict dress code.

Although, now that I think about it, I’ve never seen him wear anything but long sleeves. Maybe they hired him as long as he keeps it hidden.

I have to get this off my mind, this is crazy. History teachers don’t do stuff like this, and history teachers don’t have tattoos. Well, teachers like Mr. Stinky anyway. He just doesn’t strike me as the tattoo type.

Okay, next time I run into him, I’ll just ask him to show me his arm. Okay, so I can’t at exactly be all…” Hey, show me your arm. I want to see if you have a tattoo.” I’ll think up an excuse to ask him later.Now, besides the weirdness of asking if he has a tattoo, I know I definitely can’t go up to him and ask if he wears a wig. A little on the offensive side. I could always pretend to be swatting at invisible bugs or something and “accidentally” hit him in the head.No, I think I’ve hit him enough for one lifetime. I guess I’ll just ask Al, that’s like, her favorite teacher. She’s always doing stuff for him. If there was any weird thing going on with Mr. Stinky, she’d know.

Note to self: Stop calling him Mr. Stinky as to avoid calling him that in real life…again.
