My Lide as a teenage bedwetter

Aurhos: SashaButters

*007*2015-09-04 19:24

Thanks :) this was the first thing I ever wrote. Before I knew omo was actually a thing, I just knew I was...interested in this topic .

I was home schooled at the time because of my health for my sophomore year so I had wayyy too much free time on hands, I was just like... I've never written before but I'm going to write a book!

*009*2015-09-05 01:52

It’s the next morning; I say good-bye to my mom and head out the door. The closer I get to school the more I get chills running up and down my back. I feel scared for some reason. I get closer with every foot step, butterflies fluttering around in my stomach. I start to get nervous. I go forward anyway.

The hairs on the back of my neck start to stick up. Something’s seriously wrong. My feet take me to mine and Al’s spot behind the school. My heart is beating faster and faster the closer I get. I’m at the turn and I stop. I wipe my clammy hands on my pants. What am I so afraid of? I’ll turn the corner and see Al there smiling when she sees me, then we will hang out like we always do.

There’s nothing to be afraid of.

I turn the corner and see Al, but she’s not smiling, not even close. She’s not even alone.

There beside her, a man with a hand gun squeezed tightly between his fingers. I follow his hand with my eyes to see where it’s going, straight at Al’s head. His finger rested on the trigger. My brain shuts down; I stand there staring at the two of them. A bead of sweat forms in my hair and slowly makes its way down my face.

Al looks up, tears and streams of sweat sliding down her pale, white face. I find my voice and scream Als name. The man looks up at me, his eyes bore into mine. They seem so hollow, so lifeless.

He turns his attention back to Allison, and asks her a question. It’s a simple yes or no question.

“Do you believe in God?” he asks in a commanding voice. I stare at Allison. Please say no. Please.

“Yes. I do.” She responds, no fear present in her voice. My eyes lock in to what’s happening, unable to steer them away. There is an ear shattering sound of a gun blast, and I see Allison fall to the ground. The blood seeping from her head, forming a small black puddle. Her blank stare looking right at me, her green eyes digging straight into mine. A mixture of sweat and tears fall from my face.

He looks up at me. He comes closer. My heart feels as if it will pop right out. He comes right into my face.

“So what is your answer?” he demands with the same forceful voice.

“No.” I say barley audible.

“Good answer.” He says. “But now that you know it’s me, I can’t let you go.”

I start shaking as I try not to throw up. He raises his arm and I fall, down and down. I hear a voice again, “You should go to the bathroom before bed.”

“Katie.” I hear a female voice call out my name. “Katie.” I hear it again, not quite sure where it’s coming from. “Katie, wake up.”

I realize that I’m back in my room, and my mom is trying to wake me up for school. I rub my eyes and find them wet. I figure I was crying. To my displeasure I realize my eyes aren’t the only things wet.

I look up and see my mom waiting for me to wake up.

I don’t understand, I did go to the bathroom before bed. Apparently that’s not the only time I went.

“I’m awake.” I grunt up at her. That doesn’t seem to convince her much so I sit up careful to keep the blankets tightly covering my lap. It seems to convince her a little more.

“Hurry up and get dressed, it’s already past seven.”

Me being a prisoner to my own bed can’t do this until she leaves. I fake the appearance of getting up, which to my relief pleases her enough to leave, with of course the door wide open.I wrap my blanket around my waist and make a run for the door and close it. I better be able to get out of this trip or I’m screwed.

I stash away the mess, do a quick sheet change, get dressed, and spray the area with air freshener. I run downstairs, grab a pop tart and head out the door.

Okay, Allison is spending the night tonight. Absolutely no liquids! I don’t know what I’d do if she or Jaclyn found out. This is embarrassing enough with out any one knowing. To top it all off, how am I going to get away with it during a weekend with all the girls in my class? Al is smart, and could probably think of something, but I don’t have the heart to tell her. I’ll just fake sick and I’ll have nothing to worry about.

When I got to school I go meet Al like always. Just Al. She takes one look at me, and gets on my case.

“What’s wrong?” she asks. “You look freaked about something.”

“I’m fine.” I lie as I try to lighten up. “Jeez you’re already packed?” I ask pointing at her duffel bag sitting up against the wall.

“Well yeah, my mom’s leaving this afternoon; I’m going to your place right after school.” Al says while she searches her locker for any more mystery gifts.

“Oh, right. I haven’t even started packing.” And if I can help it, I don’t plan on it either.

“Once the biology part’s over with, we’ll be free to do whatever. That’ll be fun.” Normally I would be just as excited about it as she is, but giving the circumstances I’d like nothing better then to stay home. I go along with her and pretend to be excited.

“Well, I might not go; I’m still feeling kind of… bleh.” I say, faking a cough for emphasis. She gives me the yeah-I-don’t-believe-that–for-a-second-look.

“Yeah, you weren’t even sick with a cough. All you had was a fever.” She says a slight hint of disappointment in her voice after finding no trace of secret gifts or letters.

“Well fine, then maybe I still feel a bit feverish.” I say as I look for a place to sit without squashing a million ants in the process.

“Oh please, it won’t be that bad, sure we may have to walk around all day looking at flies and weeds, but we will get nights to hang out and stuff. It won’t be so bad.” Yeah well, you’re not the one with the body that’s acting like a five year old.

Hey, maybe this is normal. Life is on this cycle nobody wants to admit. Once you hit 15 or 16 your body recycles and you start acting five until you hit mid twenties. That would explain why some teenagers are so immature. Then it happens again in your 40’s, but nobody will admit it, so they slap it with the label of “Mid Life Crisis.” And by the time it happens again, you’re just too old to care.

Hey. I can dream.

Once first period ends I approach the Mr. Lenords’ desk.

“Can I help you with something, Katie?” he asks.

“Yeah, actually there is. I’d like to be excused-“I begin to say, but am cut off mid-sentence.

“Katie, if it’s about the trip, I don’t want to hear about it, you’re going. You’re not the first person to come up and ask me to be excused from going.” He says with a bored voice.

I’m dead. I am so dead.

On my way to World History I passed Assyla. She was looking abnormally happy for some reason, and when she saw me, she gave me this really creepy smile. It’s almost like she knows something… I’m being really paranoid now, I know.

The rest of the day went okay, I’m really behind with school work, but what else is new?

The nice part was when I went to gym. It’s Friday, so we usually have to run the mile, but when she asked why I haven’t been at school, she excused me from running. Yes!

I got to sit on a bench for 45 minutes and watch all the sweaty, red faced kids go by as they all stare jealously at me. I noticed that she came nowhere near me the entire time. Oh well, I took the extra time to catch up on homework and think.

I know it was just a dream, but I don’t think I’ve ever had a dream that clearly before. Usually when I dream I will only remember tiny bits and pieces, but with these dreams I remember every tiny detail and emotion. Maybe I’m just making a big deal out of nothing; maybe this is just my bodies’ way of getting me to lay off all the caffeine.

I’m just about to go to my last period when I run into Assyla. She’s doing her usual routine about me, and I place my fist into her in the usual spot in her stomach where my dad showed me.

Since my parents have divorced, my dad has nothing holding him back from showing me his favorite fighting moves on the count that my mom isn’t in the picture from keeping him from doing so. It really has come in handy though. Except right now for instance I forgot to look for passing teachers first and got busted mid punch. I got a detention. Thankfully that’s all. At least Assyla got one too, for provoking me in the first place.

I kind of wish she didn’t though, now I have to spend an extra hour with her.

By the time my last period finished I was exhausted, but I figured I could sleep when I got to detention, like I usually do when I’m in detention. Which is about, every three days.

Assyla was already there, so I take the seat farthest away from her as I can. This is difficult being that she purposely chose the seat in the middle so she could harass me.

At this point I really don’t care, besides there’s some other people in here I can hide behind. I rest my head on the desk for a few minutes.

I jump up realizing that Al is waiting for me, and that I forgot to tell her that I’ll be in detention. I ran out before the person in charge (who happens to be my World History teacher) got a chance in telling me to sit back down.

I figure she’s by her locker. The closer I get the more chills I get running up and down my back. I start to sweat, and my hands become wet and slippery. I feel my lunch start creeping back through my esophagus. I can’t decide if it’s from being scared, or from the cafeteria food. I figure it’s a little bit of both.

My heart starts to race as I get closer. My worst fears coming alive as I turn the corner to find Al in the presence of HIM. He holds the gun at her head. I notice a tattoo of a snake on his left arm.

I stand there staring at the two of them. A bead of sweat forms in my hair and slowly makes its way down my face.

Al looks up, tears and streams of sweat sliding down her pale, white face. I find my voice and scream Als name. The bald man looks up at me, his eyes bore into mine. He turns his attention back to Allison, and asks her a question. It’s a simple yes or no question.

“Do you believe in God?” he asks in a commanding voice. I stare at Allison. Please say no. Please.

“Yes. I do.” She responds, no fear present in her voice. My eyes lock in to what’s happening, unable to steer them away. There is an ear shattering sound of a gun blast, and I see Allison fall to the ground. The blood seeping from her head, forming a small black puddle. Her blank stare looking right at me, her green eyes digging straight into mine. A mixture of sweat and tears fall from my face.

He looks up at me. He comes closer. My heart feels as if it will pop right out. He comes right into my face.

“So what is your answer?” he demands with the same forceful voice.

“No.” I squeak.

“Good answer.” He says. “But now that you know who I am, I can’t let you go.”

I start shaking as I try not to throw up. I try to think of what my dad told me about what to do if someone comes up, but I can’t remember. All I see is a gun coming toward me, its owners arm lifting, and then darkness but the last thing I remember seeing was Alyssa standing there, but for once, after seeing me get hurt, she wasn’t smiling.

I’m falling. I continue to fall, I feel myself hit something hard. Something cold.

“Katie! Katie?” I hear a voice yell.

“I’m sorry!” I scream at the top of my lungs. “I should have listened to Allison. Give me another chance! I’ll make things right I promise!”

“Katie?” It yells again. A male voice. A person! I feel a hand touch me and I jolt awake, shaking harder then I ever have. A dream! I can’t believe it! It was only a dream! A second chance! I have never been so grateful in my life. Life! I’m still alive!

I open my eyes, I’m in a classroom? What am I doing in a classroom? Detention. I’m still in detention! I’ve never felt so happy to be in detention.

I look up and see HIM. The guy from my nightmares. And he’s touching me. I scream at the top of my lungs and kick, but he’s pinning me down. I fight to get free and call him every possible thing that comes to mind. I end up getting an arm free and sending my fist into his face. He lets go and steps back and clutches his face. Someone else steps up and pins me down.

I yell at the first guy with all my might. “How could you kill her?! How could you kill Allison?! What did she ever do?!”

“Katie!” someone calls. I look over and face the person who was holding me down. I recognize him from World History; he sits three chairs away from me. “It’s okay.” He continues, trying desperately to calm me down. “It was just a dream.”

I look around and realize I’m on the floor. Everyone is gathered around me. Scared looks on their faces, they probably think I was having a seizure.

I feel to dizzy to get up, so I squint because my eyes burn to keep them open. There are tears all over my face, judging by the look on everyone’s face I must have been crying. I must have been crying hard.

I look back over to the guy I thought to be the gunmen, and to my horror, realized he wasn’t. It was just one of the teachers who got stuck in charge of us.

Uh-oh… I just punched my World History teacher.

Yeah, I have a feeling THAT’S going on my permanent record, not to mention the fact that he’s probably going to fail me on purpose now.

Mr. Stinkly, who I just punched in the nose, is on the phone with someone. He’s talking about me.

“I don’t know what’s wrong with her! One minute she was sitting there and the next she was rolling on the floor crying and screaming nonsense!” He sounds angry and scared at the same time. I want to tell him that I’m okay, but I don’t even know myself if that’s true or not.

I guess I should probably apologize first.

He continues to yell at the person at the other end of the phone. “I don’t know how to do that! I’m a history teacher not a paramedic! Just get the school nurse over here now!” He slams the phone down and takes a deep breath. Both of his hands are over his face. “I’m never volunteering for detention again.” He mutters to himself.

Yeah, I don’t blame him. Deranged, psychotic, flailing girls aren’t usually in the job description.

I try to control my breathing, and not sound so much like I’m suffocating, for their sake more so than my own. It’s too late though; I’ve freaked them all out. Beyond freaked is more like it. Nobody says a word, they just stare.

I feel so hot and sticky, so… wet.

The blood rushes out of my face, I slowly shift my legs. Wet.

I slowly move my head, ignoring the throbbing, and look down. Thank God! I was wearing my thick black jeans. The ones my mother dissaproves of so much. No one can see my little accident as long as my jacket keeps me covered. I pull my jacket down some more, just in case.

“Katie, good you’re awake.” says Mr. Stinkly, but everyone refers to him as Mr. Stinky because he has really bad breath. “The school nurse is on her way.” Mr. Stinky announces.

Good, maybe she can check out your nose.

“I’m okay now.” I say as I try to get up. Things begin to feel dizzy and he pushes me back down.

“She says I need to keep you lying down until she gets here.” I don’t argue with him, one of the reasons being that I don’t want him to talk. Seriously man, have a Tic Tac or something, have a whole pack of Tic Tacs. Instead, I just nod and lay my head back down.

“Anything I can do for you?” Mr. Stinky asks. Yeah, there is! Stop talking! I look around and everyone is still looking at me.

“Can you get rid of the kids?” I ask getting annoyed with everyone staring at me like I was some psychopath. Although, if I was acting like I was in that dream, they probably have every right to think so.

“Hey, all of you! Out!” he tells them.

They all eventually leave, moaning and complaining. I’m probably the most interesting thing they’ve ever seen here. It’s not everyday some girl goes mental in detention and socks the person in charge in the face.

“Hey Mr. Stinkly, have you seen Katie anywhere, she was supposed to meet me after school and she never- Katie?”

I look up and see Al. I was wondering if she was looking for me. “Why are you on the floor, are you okay?” she asks coming over.

“Allison, would you mind visiting Katie some other time, now isn’t a good time.” says Mr. Stinky.

“No, its okay, she can stay.” I say, somewhat relieved she’s here. It was getting kind of awkward just the two of us. That and he creeps me out, I thought for sure he was the guy from my nightmare; he just has this…resemblance. But the guy in my nightmare was balder than my dad and he had a tattoo on his left arm.

Mr. Stinky has a full head of brown hair, and doesn’t exactly seem like the tattoo type. I don’t think they hire teachers with tattoos here anyway.

“What happened?” she asks looking down at my blood shot eyes.

“I don’t know, I remember sitting at my desk, then all of a sudden I’m lying on the floor, in front of six people.”

“Lying doesn’t do justice, screaming and rolling around would more likely cover It.” says Mr. Stinky, grimacing as he tries to touch his nose. Rub in the guilt why don’t you.

“What happened to your nose?” Al asks, noticing his scrunched face of pain.

“Your friend here throws quite the punch.” He says, making a poor attempt at hiding the bitterness in his voice. Al shoots me a dirty look.

“You punched him?” Al asks looking at me with bewilderment. One of the kids who were listening outside poked his head in.

“Punched. Ha. We had to hold her down from ripping him apart.” He laughs.

“Leave. Now!” Mr. Stinky says in a bored voice.

“What was I saying?” I ask out of curiosity, and to change the subject before Al rips ME apart.

“Well first, you started fidgeting in your chair. Then that’s when you started screaming. We came over to see what was wrong, and you started crying and begging us not to kill Allison.” Al shoots me another look; I guess I’m going to have to explain later.

“Around this time you just tipped right out of your chair and started flailing around on the floor. We kept calling your name, but you kept on twitching and screaming. Then when we tried to wake you up you screamed something about a second chance, and that you should have listened to Allison about something.” He says, in the same bored voice, continuing touching his nose.

I have to turn my head and roll my eyes. I didn’t even hit him that hard, I was only able to get my left arm free, and I’m right handed. It’s not even close to bleeding.

“Wow, I knew you talked in your sleep, but this?” said Allison with a face full of concern, but also with “You’ve-got-a-lot-of-explaining-to-do.”

The nurse and principal come rushing in with a stretcher.

Oh great. So much for not causing a scene, but I guess it’s a little too late for that.

I try to tell them that I feel better now, but they don’t listen. They talk to Mr. Stinky for a minute about what happened. The principal strokes his beard for a minute, and then tells the nurse to take me to her office for an examination.

Mr. Stinky and the nurse put me the stretcher, and walk me over to the nurse’s station.

When I am evacuated from the room, I am met with a round of applause from the people waiting outside. I guess punching a history teacher is considered cool. The principal shuts them up pretty fast though, by offering them some more detentions.

Damn.

Attracting all the eyes of people walking in that area I close my eyes and pretend to be dead. Al walks along the side of us, giving the eye to whoever comes in for a closer look.

They set me down atop the bed and the nurse shoos out Al and Mr. Stinky.

“Hey, thanks for your help, Mr. Stinky. I’m really sorry about your nose, I didn’t mean to punch you, and I thought you were someone else.” I say, not realizing at first that I said that out loud.

He raises his eyebrows at me, mutters something about how he’s late to meet his brother, turns around then leaves after accepting a bag of ice from the nurse for his nose. The nurse is trying to hold back her laughter and Al is full blown laughing.

Smooth.

She shoos Al out, who is pretty much tearing up at this point from laughing.

“So, would you like to tell me what’s really going on?” she asks me, chomping on some mint smelling gum.

“What do you mean?” I ask, totally not expecting this.

“What really happened earlier?” she asks again. I wish she’d stop staring at me, she’s making me nervous.

“I had a nightmare, no big deal.” I say, totally lying. She grabs a chair and sits down next to me.

“Do you know what R.E.M. sleep is?” she asked me.

“No.”

“It’s what it’s called when the mind is dreaming. I take it that dream you were having wasn’t your average dream.” I nod, wondering how she knows this, well if the whole flailing around hasn’t already given that away. I haven’t exactly seen anyone else collapse during class yet.

“How did you know, minus the whole flailing around on the floor part?” I ask.

“It takes the body an hour of un-interrupted sleep to start the dream cycle, ‘Mr. Stinky’ as you put it, said you only nodded off for a minute or two until you started acting weird. How many times have you had these nightmares?”

“Five or six times at least.” I say, staring at the wall behind her.

“Are they all the same?”

“Kind of, it started off as walking to school with a weird sensation in my stomach, then kept progressing the more nightmares I had.”

“Are they scary?”

“Yes. Somebody Kills Allison and then kills me.” She seems to be thinking, so I let her and just sit there awkwardly until she snaps out of it and asks me another question.

“Do you know the person who does this to you?”

“No, I don’t think I’ve ever seen him before. I thought it was Mr. Stinkly, so that’s kind of the whole thing with me punching him. I guess I was a little disoriented when I woke up.” She nods sympathetically and continues with her interrogation.

Yes! Who knows? I might actually not get in trouble for this! And I can say I slugged a teacher, among the many other people I can say I’ve hit! Sweet!

“Where does this happen?”

“Here.” This seems to startle her. “I was going to go meet Allison at out usual hang out spot, but when I get there, he is with her.”

“Do you think he is a student here?”

“No, he’s a bit older, more like in his early 40’s, late 30’s, but don’t take my word for it, I’m really bad with ages.”

“Does he have anything against you or Allison?”

“I don’t know, He was after Allison because she believed in God, and he killed me because I saw him do it.”

“Do you think Allison is his only intended target?”

“I’m not sure. He didn’t say anything about killing anyone before, or if he had any more targets.” I say, fiddling around with my jacket.

“Isn’t Allison the president of the Bible club here?”

“Yeah, something like that. Do you think it was like a hate crime or something?”

“Maybe.”

“Well it doesn’t really matter.” I say “It was just a dream after all.”

“Do you really believe that, Katie?” I pause for a moment and think. I really thought I was dead; I was shocked when I woke up on the classroom floor.

“I guess not.” I admit, but what else could it be?

“Anything else been happening because of them?” I debate telling her, but who wants to admit something like this? I instinctively pull down my jacket, which she notices. She raises an eyebrow at me, and I look away.

“Would you mind taking off your jacket for me?” she asks. The blood rushes from my face, leaving it pale white, well, more paler than usual, if that’s possible.

“No thanks, it’s kind of cold in here; I’d rather keep it on.” I say, continuing my examination of the floor. This jacket is the only thing from keeping her from seeing the “other thing that’s been happening.” I rather not go there.

“I can turn on the heater for you.” She says, pressing the matter further. Much further from my comfort zone.

“It’s alright; I’d be more comfortable with it on anyway.” I say as I begin counting the tiles on the floor.

“You know if there’s something you want to ask me, I won’t tell anyone, it will stay between us. No matter how embarrassing it might seem.”

“I don’t really have any questions.” I say. I’m such a liar, of course I want to know why this is happening, and I’ve even been looking on-line. But I just can’t seem to find anything.

She seems disappointed in me. Oh well.

“Then why won’t you take your jacket off? Are you trying to hide something?” Of course I’m hiding something, when am I not hiding something?

I know she knows, how, I have no idea, but my guts telling me it’s not a secret anymore. I look down to make sure my jackets still covering, which it is. Then how does she know? Maybe they all noticed when I was flailing around, maybe it wasn’t covered then, and he told her. I fidget uncomfortably at the thought of a group of juvenile delinquents knowing something like that.

The embarrassment of it starts to take hold of me as a tears start to form in my eyes. I slowly sit up and rest my hand on the zipper.

What am I doing? Someone, please stop me! I look up at her one more time.

“Everything will stay between us.” She says reassuring me. The more I pull at the zipper the more tears come out.

Seriously! Now would be a good time!

I take a deep breath and just do it, revealing the wetness in my jeans. She gets up, sits down next to me, and pulls me into a hug. I officially loose it then, and just let myself cry in her arms.

Yeah, pathetic huh? Even for me.

After a few minutes, I try to pull myself back together. I mean, there has to be at least an ounce of dignity in me left over. I mean hey, I’ve got a reputation to protect. I send in a good percentage of work for her, all those bloody noses and black eyes don’t heal themselves.

I hate to know what she’s thinking right now. The weird girl who pees her pants and cries in random peoples arms is the girl who beats everyone up? You’re joking, right?

I wipe my eyes on my sleeve, and zip my jacket back up.

“C’mon, I’ve got some dry clothes in the back you can change into.” She walks into a closet type room, and I silently follow. In a white plastic bucket was a large assortment of different clothes. I figure this must be the lost and found. She says I can pick out whatever I want, that they’ve been here forever and to please get rid of some of it for her. But that there was nothing for me in the line of under wear but a pair of guys boxers. She promises there new, so I take them. Anything’s better than this.

I find a pair of jeans around my size and a nice sweater I couldn’t resist. I quickly change and put my old clothes in a bag and stuff them in my backpack. I come back out, and take a seat back on the bed. She comes back over and sits next to me on the bed. She pulls me into another hug, and tells me it’ll be okay.

“Does it only happen when you have those dreams?” she asks. I nod my head, not really wanting to speak. For some reason I just want to stay there, with her arms wrapped around me. It feels…safe. I finally figure I better ask her.

“What am I going to do, I don’t have any control when I have these dreams, and I’m starting to have them during the day now. I also have to go on a camping trip tomorrow with the tenth grade class for the weekend. My Biology teacher won’t let me out of going. If I have a nightmare while I’m there.” I don’t even imagine what I’d do or what could happen. But she seems to get the picture.

“I know about the trip, and I’m going there as well, nursing duties call I suppose, but you’d think they’d live for two days without me.” She sighs.” Katie, if you ever need to get away from whatever happens, or if you just want to get away, come see me. Same with school, if another episode happens, I’m here for you.” She looks at me, her eyes full of kindness before getting up and reaching in one of the cupboards for something before coming back and handing it to me. My eyes grow wide and I start crying again.

"You don't have too, but it will help hide it."

"I ...am...not...wearing a diaper!" What is she trying to do, throw salt in the wound? Kick me when I'm down?

Maybe this wasn’t such a bad thing, now I have someone to open up to. But let’s just stick to one person. That’s humiliating enough for about… a lifetime perhaps? I'm not adding to it, so I get up and leave, making sure to leave the peace offering behind.

“Thanks, but no thanks” I say. She gives me one more hug, and I leave to find an impatient Allison waiting for me.

“Do you have any idea how long I’ve been out here? Jeez, what did she do to you in there, give you a C.A.T. scan?”

“No, we just talked.” I say, feeling myself begin to space out.

“What meaningful conversation could you possibly have with the school nurse?” she asks, rolling her eyes.

“Speaking of talking, I really need to talk to you when we get back home.”

“About what?”

“Your favorite subject.” I say as a hint of a smile escaping my lips.

