My Lide as a teenage bedwetter

Aurhos: SashaButters

*021*2015-09-07 22:44

Chapter 7

Okay, after walking around for six hours looking at dirt, and the things that grow out of it, you’d think we would all be exhausted.

Of course not, now is the time that everyone has been waiting for, the time we get to ourselves. Two sweet fun filled, Biology free hours with my friends.

I’m starving; I just hope the food here isn’t going to be anything like it is at school. I’m in luck! No surprise something or other, no mystery meat, just good old-fashioned hot dogs. You can’t possibly screw up hot dogs. They neither look nor taste hideous. Just pure left over cow compressed into a tiny stick like shape drenched in ketchup with a Root Beer.

Yep, that’s right, a Root Beer. I’m feeling pretty confident tonight. And after walking, which felt like forever, I had to drink something.

Besides, I think I’ve finally gotten this whole thing sorted out. I’ll go to the bathroom before bed, and I’ll think about what I want to happen in the dream. I’ll be at school, get that uneasy feeling in my stomach, and go get Mr. Stinky. Who will in turn come rushing over to save his favorite student, Allison. He’ll see that dude with the gun and go mid evil on him until he drops it in defeat. Unless of course it IS Mr. Stinky with the gun.

Hmm… this could be more difficult then I thought.

After spending all afternoon looking at plants and lake life, e.g. worms, beetles, and mosquitoes. Ones mind begins to wander. Well wandering won’t really cut it, more like running as far and fast as it can. Anything to get away from things like the scientific names of weeds.

No joke, he stood there and talked for 20 minutes about a dandelion.

“Katie, come back to earth will you?” asked Al as she waved her hand in front of my face. Apparently, hot dogs aren’t all that interesting either.

“Smooth one, space case.” Jaclyn says sarcastically motioning her hand towards my side of the table. “Look what you just did.”

I snap out my trance long enough to realize I knocked over my soda at some point and that there was now a stream leading from on the can, onto the table, onto my lap. And I was just thinking about how good this night has been so far. Proof that nothing lasts forever.

I run up and grab some paper towels, cringing at the thought of all the ants my pants are going to attract tonight. I come back and attempt to clean up the last remaining stream that hadn’t yet made it on to my clothing.

“It just doesn’t feel like home until you manage to spill something, thanks, Katie.” Says Jaclyn as she watches with amusement at my pathetic attempt to mop up, which was just making things worse. Go figure.

I glance over at Al, who is, of course, snickering at me. She looks up at me and laughs even harder. “It’s a sign.” She giggles.

“Huh?” I ask, not really paying attention.

“Yeah, lets just hope that’s the only river you're going to be making tonight.” Says Jaclyn. I glare at the both of them, trying to hide the embarrassment that dwelt within.

“Shut up. Someone might hear you.” I mumble. This of course, only causes them to raise their voices higher. I quickly flash them both my hands, which is tightly formed into a fist. This shuts them up. For now anyway.

I sit back down, at our now sticky table and glance down the rows of tables. My eyes happen to shift over to the staff table where the school nurse returns my gaze. And what do you know? She’s laughing at me. She apparently had the pleasure of witnessing my little soda spillage, but then again, who didn’t?

I smile back to her and look back down at my tray.

“Seriously, what is going on between you and the nurse?” Jaclyn asks through a mouth full of hot dog.

“Why, what’s wrong?” I ask slightly offended. Jaclyn being well…Jaclyn, does not see this and continues on.

“Well nothing is wrong per say, it’s just weird is all. We all saw you this morning having a moment together. It was freaky, like something off of a Hallmark card.”

“What, we were just talking.”

“Really, because what I saw was you two sitting on a bench, with her arms wrapped around you and she was patting your back. While you had your head resting on her shoulder. Looked pretty Hallmarky to me.”

“So what? She’s nice.”

“Allison was text messaging me for like a half-hour trying to figure out what happened to you yesterday. You went in to her office, and never came out.”

“I was only in there for like ten minutes.” I say finishing off the last of dinner. I see a bunch of people get up and head over to the front; they must have put something out for dessert. Please be something with chocolate in it! What luck? I see someone walk by with a piece of chocolate cake. I instantly run up to the front to get some. I almost didn’t even care that it tasted like it had been sitting out all week.

Mr. Lenord gets up and announces that we have an hour to go get ready for bed until lights out. We get up to leave but are stopped by no other then Assyla and her clones.

“Nice performance in detention yesterday. It almost made it somewhat enjoyable for me, until you woke up that is.” She sneered as she gave me a smirk. “Everyone’s wondering what you’re going to be pulling on us tonight.”

We ignore them, which for me is surprising because normally she’d have a bloody nose by now. Guess I’m just too tired to care at the moment.

We walk back over to our cabin and go over to out assigned bunk beds and start getting ready for bed. That’s when we notice something unusual; we were the only ones in here. I go peek out the screen door and notice all the girls in a circle around Alyssa talking in whispers. What was so weird was that most of these people weren’t in her little crowd. Me, Allison and Jaclyn were the only people not over there. I point this out to them and we all stand by the window and wonder who they were trashing in their little gossip circle. They soon disperse and we head back over to our beds, pretending not to have taken notice of their little circle.

You can hear people talking and giggling, but once they enter back into the cabin, all goes awkwardly quiet for some reason. Maybe it’s my imagination, but I could have sworn everyone was looking at me. Like they were waiting for me to do something crazy. Al leans over to me and whispers, “What was that all about?”

“No idea.” I whisper back, but I have an idea, and it’s probably right. They were talking about me.

I try to shake it off as I climb into bed, trying not to hit my head on the top bar. The blankets that were given to us were thin and itchy, doing a poor job at warming us up. I’m sure it was no help that the door was only a screen, which allowed the fresh cold air to present itself into our room.

I stare, envious of the others who thought to bring a sleeping bag with them. The lights go out soon after and my thoughts drift back over to the dreams. I worry about it for only a minute as my body tells me it would rather sleep then think.

^-^

I throw my jacket back on as I make my way over to school. It’s extra cold this morning for some reason. The tiny hairs on the back of my neck stick straight up and I start to shake. I stick my hands in the pockets of my jacket to keep them warm. I don’t really feel all that cold, but I have goose bumps going all up and down my arms and legs. A nervous nauseated feeling rises up in my stomach, as I get closer to school. Something isn’t right. I instantly realize what’s going on. It’s happening.

I need to save Allison, I can’t waste anymore time. I run to the school as fast as I can. Instead of turning right, I turn left and sprint toward Mr. Stinky’s classroom. I barge in, not bothering to knock. I pause for a moment as I try to take in gasps of air.

“Are you alright?” says a middle aged women with brown curly hair. She’s looking up from the stacks of paper on her desk.”

“Where is Mr. Stinkly?!” I ask, trying not to raise my voice

“Oh, he already left.” She says, going back down to her paper work. “Is there anything I can do for you?” she asks not looking up at me. She doesn’t seem like the type to believe me. I don’t have much time. It’s a long shot, but here it goes.

“My friends in danger! I need you to call the police.” I say, trying to remain calm. This gets her to look up.

“Why? What happened?” she asks, her voice rising with concern.

“My friend! I think she’s in danger! There might be a guy around the school with her. He has a gun and he’s going to kill her.” I say, my voice rising with each word. She stares at me for a minute, a puzzled expression across her face.

“You think? There might?” she asks. “Did you hear someone talking about this? How do you know?”

“I dreamt it.” I say, realizing how stupid it sounded the moment it came out of my mouth. But I don’t have time to worry about it. I need help. She raises her eye brows at me, not sure whether or not to believe me.

“You…dreamt it?” she asks, sounding as if talking to a crazy person.

“Yes! Now come one! I need help!” I yell, motioning for her to follow me.

“Yes…you do.” She says slowly, her feet staying in place. “Maybe you should see the nurse.” She says moving around the desk to write a note.

“I’m not joking!” I yell in frustration. She doesn’t seem to believe me. I storm out and yell at myself for wasting time talking to her, and sprint toward the crime scene.I hear the ear-splitting blast of a gun that was fired close by.“I’m too late!” I cry out. I curse the curly haired lady with every word I can think of.

I turn around and see Alyssa coming this way to investigate the source of the noise. She walks past without looking twice; I see her jaw drop and her perfectly tanned face go paler than mine. A slight whimper escaping her mouth.

“Nice of you to join our little party.” Says the hollow voice I recognize as the shooters.

I hear another gun blast as I see Alyssa’s’ body drop to the ground. I start screaming as tears rush from my eyes. I hear footsteps coming this way. I’m frozen to the spot, unable to move. I see him look this way. My heart begins beating wildly.

“Oh, hello.” He says so innocently. He lifts up his arm, the arm with the gun in it. “Good-bye” I hear as I feel myself falling and I start to scream.

“Go to the bathroom before bed.” I hear as I continue to fall.

“Katie?” I faintly hear as I roll over and open my eyes.

There stands the whole group of tenth grade girls around my bed, excluding Al and Jaclyn, who are still asleep in their own.Alyssa stands at the foot of my bed. What’s going on?

“Having another nightmare are we, Katie?” she asks with a hint of excitement in her voice. I hear the word nightmare and freeze. Please don’t tell me I did what I think I did…again. I did. Oh crap.

“Well, were you?” she asks again. Not seeing where this is going, I nod. The girls start giggling amongst themselves. Is there something I’m not getting here? I, having no clue what’s going on ask

“What do you want?” She holds up some printed pages they have clearly been copied. She clears her throat for all to hear. Al and Jaclyn wake up and look to see what’s going on. She lifts the pages up to her face and begins reading out loud.

“I really can’t keep it hidden much longer, unless I stop having these dreams. There not exactly scary dreams, just weird. In my dream I’m terrified for some reason and I get chills running up and down my back. Then I wake up, but each time I’ve had them I dream a little bit more. I was almost to the point where I saw what was freaking me out so much. I remember looking at something, but it’s just fuzzy when I woke up.”

My face goes completely white as chills run up my back. I can’t believe it! She’s reading my journal! Al must have sensed this too; I see her hop off from her bed and come near mine. Jaclyn hangs her head from the top bunk to see what’s up. Alyssa gives me another evil looking smile and continues reading.

“I don’t mind the dreams so much, I actually find them quite interesting.” DON’T SAY IT! Please you have to have some form of a heart, please don’t say it! “The problem is I’ve been secretly wetting the bed because of it.”

I … CAN’T…BELIEVE…SHE…JUST…SAID…THAT!!!

“Awe.” Alyssa says in a fake sympathetic voice. “Is Katie wetting the bed?” I don’t say anything. I can’t. I’m in so much shock. She tosses the pages onto my bed.

“That IS what you wrote, isn’t it?” The girls start giggling loudly. “Well, if you’re not going to answer, we might as well have a look for ourselves.” She has to be joking. She wouldn’t do that, would she? She can’t possibly take this any further she had her laugh. She can’t be that mean. Could she? She gives a nod to the girls on my left and they each grab a piece of my blanket. I cling tightly to the piece that I have.

“Awe, what’s wrong Katie? You're not trying to hide something, now are you?” she said with a malicious grin. Why is she doing this to me? “Ready girls?” Before I could do anything to stop them, they grabbed the blanket and pulled it right off of me.

The room exploded with laughter seconds after. The only thing my brain could comprehend was the word run. I jumped out of bed and ran as fast as I could, making sure I plowed over some girls on the way.I didn’t bother changing, or fixing the sheets. I just ran.

I don’t know how long I had been running for, or how far I’d gone. I wasn’t really keeping track. All I wanted to do was distance myself from them as much as possible. I eventually got tired from running and stopped to catch my breath.

That’s when the reality of it began to sink in and I began to cry harder then I ever have before. I looked like a mess. My eyes were all blood shot; my hair was everywhere, and worse. I was still in my wet pajamas from the night before.I needed some place to hide; somewhere no one would find me. Being that I’m on a lake, there weren’t too many places to choose from. I went to the only place available. A porta-potty. I must have been in their for at least an hour. I lost track. All I know is that I’m never coming out. At least my pants are drying.

Sure, it smells like poop, but it’s better then being out there, I guess. I’ve never hated anyone before, sure I’ve despised people, but never truly hated anyone. Up until now anyway.

It’s been at least an hour and I’m still crying. I need someone to talk to, but I don’t want to leave. For some reason the things Allison told me the other night start to unravel themselves in my mind. I try to push it out, I’m really not in the mood to feel any more worthless than I already feel, but for another strange reason it keeps jumping back in. I’m to emotionally exhausted to keep fighting it, so I let it come in. I thought it was going to make me feel even lower, but strangely it doesn’t. It almost made me feel…better.

Sure, I cherish the idea of someone loving me unconditionally like the next person, but it just seems too good to be true. There’s just something about it that’s drawing me to it though, something I can’t really explain.

“Katie!” I hear someone call my name. I sit up for a second and listen. Nothing. I must be hearing things; maybe the fumes are getting to me. They should have a warning on these porta-potties.

Warning: Poop, harmful to humans if inhaled. Enter at your own risk.

“Katie, where are you?”

Okay, that time I know I wasn’t hallucinating. It sounded like Al.

“Please come out!” yelled Jaclyn. About time they came and looked for me. I’ve only been sitting in a porta-potty for the last two hours getting high off poop fumes. Seriously, my brain cells could be at high risk right now. I peek out the air hole at the side and watch them come closer.

Wait, I see three pairs of legs, there’s two pair in jeans- which are obviously Al and Jaclyn- but who’s the third? Defiantly not a student, they’re wearing stockings. I look down at my pajama bottoms, which are still noticeably wet. Oh great, I can’t go out there looking like this, although fresh air is sounding really tempting right now. I hear a knock at the door.

“Katie, are you in there? Open up, it's Allison.”

“I can’t,” I moan back.

“Please?”

“No!”

“By the way.” Jaclyn chimes in “We brought you some clothes.”

Okay, that catches my attention right away. I stick my hand out the door, hiding the rest of myself inside. I bring my hand back inside after each article of clothing is handed to me and quickly change.

“Now will you come out?” Al asks. I ponder it for a moment, but in the end, the need of fresh air convinces me to leave. I open the door and step out, the sudden brightness temporarily blinding me. I gladly inhale the cold, fresh air as it welcomes me to the outside world.

"Breathe much?" Jaclyn asks sarcastically as I start coughing and choking.

I finally manage to control my breathing long enough to spit out a “Not if you’ve been in a porta-potty for two hours.”

“God, stop being a baby, you were only gone for a half-hour. “

Note to self: get a watch.

Al elbows her in the ribs. I finally notice the other person standing next to me; it’s the school nurse. Al grabs my arm and leads me over to a picnic bench a few feet away, leaving Jaclyn and the school nurse by themselves. I laugh silently to my self as I hear Jaclyn trying to start an awkward conversation with her.

“So…yeah…you’re a nurse.”

Me and Al sat down facing each other.

“Are you okay?” she asks.

“No, not really. I’ve just been humiliated in front of the entire tenth grade class.” I say looking down at my hands. She doesn’t say anything for a few minutes, but what do I know, it was probably only thirty seconds.

“I’m really sorry that happened.” She says her bright green eyes boring into me.

“It’s alright.” I lie, my voice squeaking, giving it away. “It could have been worse; they could have been armed with camera phones or something.”

“Well actually…”

I lay my head on the wooden bench trying not to even think about it. Could this day get any worse? How in the world could she do that to me, aside the fact that we’ve been mortal enemies since sixth grade, but still? I swear, she has no heart. How did she even get my journal long enough to read it, let alone PHOTO COPY IT!!!

It’s my fault, really, how could I even write something like that down on paper? Did she sneak into my backpack when I wasn’t looking? The only time I ever take it from my backpack is to write in it, but I do have a habit of dropping it.

Wait! I spilled my backpack that day I punched her, I lost it and found it in the cafeteria. She must have spotted it, photocopied it, and then put it back to make me think no one found it. Oh, she’s good, but she’s not good enough. I will find a way to get her for this.

“Was that the only part of it she read, let alone, photo copied?” I ask.

“Well there was a little bit more, there was a part about…Jamie.” She sighed, not meeting my eyes.

No! Please not that part!

“It wasn’t…the day dream…was it?” I ask, secretly knowing what the answer is going to be. She doesn’t look back up; she continues to stare blankly at the ground.

“You’ve got to be joking! She can’t possibly humiliate me any more in one day.” I say as I clench my hands tightly to form fists. “She wasn’t going to um… tell him was she?” She nods her head.

“She went over to the guys’ cabin right now.” Just my luck, I’m so not writing in a journal anymore.

“She’s dead!” I yell as I pound my fist into the bench, which only made it start throbbing, plus I think I got a splinter.

“What are you possibly going to do?” Al says trying to calm me down.

“I don’t have to do anything; all I have to do is sit back and let something happen.” I say as I try to painfully rip the splinter out of the side of my hand.

“What are you talking about?” she asks noticing the gleam in my eyes. Usually I only get that look when I’m about to do something really stupid or dangerous, or sometimes both. Like say, punch someone twice as big as me, as I sometimes like to do. Did I mention that my extracurricular activity happens to be detention?She quickly notices this and tries to shake what I’m planning out of my head.

“It doesn’t matter.” I finally say, “It’s not real anyway.”

“Why, did something more happen in your dream?”

“Yeah. Instead of trying to find you, I went over to Mr. Stinky’s classroom to get his help, but some lady was in there instead. When I told her what was happening, she tried to send me to the nurses’ office. So I went over there myself but I was too late. Alyssa hears the gun and goes over to figure out what happened and runs into him. This part almost made it worthwhile, until he finds me anyway.”

“You wouldn’t really do that, would you?”

“Do what? I didn’t do anything.” I ask, somewhat puzzled.

“Exactly. You wouldn’t just let her die would you?”

“It’s not like I can do anything about it.” I say starting to get annoyed.

“What if you could do something? Would you?”

“No, not really.” I say as she jumps up on her feet.

“So you would just let her die?” she says, raising her voice.

“What don’t tell me you’re taking her side?” I say as I jump up too.

“Katie! You could have the power to save someone’s life and you’re not going to use it?

”No, and besides. IT’S NOT REAL!” I say unable to keep the anger out of my voice. I can’t believe it, after all Alyssa did to me today, she’s going to go and take her side.

“For all we know it could be! I think God’s trying to tell you something.”

“Enough with that crap! It’s not real! Get that through your little head. It’s just some stupid religion for people who aren’t loved enough so they have to go make up something that does!” I scream at her.

“You know that’s not true! You were freaked when you woke up in detention. You know it’s real. There is a God, and He loves you, if you would just see that-“

“Allison!” I scream at her “I don’t want anything to do with your ‘God’. I hate your God! In fact you can take your God and shove it right up your-“

“Katie!” Jaclyn whispered at me as she grabbed my arm. She shook her head at me. I knew then that I’d gone too far. Jaclyn bags on Allison all the time about what she believes, and if she even thinks I pushed it… I stare up at Alison…but it’s too late.

I can see she’s upset. More upset then I’d ever seen her in a long time. I could see tears start to form in her eyes. Now I’d done it.

“Al I’m so-“I start to say, but then stop. I stand there watching as she takes off the other way.

“Nice one.” Jaclyn says sarcastically as she punches me in the arm. Jaclyn runs to go catch up to Allison, with the school nurse in close pursuit, leaving me standing there alone. At first I didn’t really care. I was pissed. She needed a dose of reality. Didn’t she…?

I walk back to the cabin by myself. Every one else was already out with the tour by the lake. I figured I’d join them in a minute, but first I must dispose of some evidence. I sprint back over to where I had been sleeping the night before, but to my surprise, find it already cleaned up. The mattress was already flipped over and the sheets crammed under it.

Al must have done this… She’s definitely the only one brave enough to. If someone else had my little problem, I definitely would not be the first to volunteer to clean it up. I lie down on my sheetless mattress and sigh. She’s so sweet; I just wish she wasn’t so clueless.

I mean, I have every right to be mad at her. She saw what Alyssa did to me, and she is still going to take her side. And it’s not like that would even happen. I wouldn’t even have a chance to let her die. The dreams aren’t real, they're just dreams. Even if they were something more, there is nothing I can do to save her. I’m either already dead, or about to die. Even if I weren’t hurt, I wouldn’t go over to help her. I’d help Allison.

I can’t believe I’m even thinking about this. They’re dreams. That’s all they’ll ever be. It’s just my mind playing tricks on me.

*024*2015-09-09 04:26

A very highly edited version of this chapter

I need to take my mind off this. I get out of bed and walk over to join the tour group. Yeah, I know. I ‘m desperate. I was in no hurry to face anyone there, my friends, or anyone else for that matter.I arrived ten minutes later as the Biology teacher was explaining the structure of an insect. I stand quietly in the back, hoping no one will see me. But of course they do.One head turns around, whispers to the person next to them, then all the heads spin. Giggles erupt from the crowd at the sight of me. I look down trying to hide the fact that I was blushing.

“People, can I have your attention once again? Just because Miss. Devo here was late is no excuse for laughter, it’s not that big a deal.” Mr. Lenord said.

“She’s only late because she couldn’t stand the thought of showing her face again” one girl said which only caused more laughter.If Mr. Lenord wasn’t here, I know where my fist would be right now.

“What may I ask is so funny here?” asked Mr. Lenord.

“Nothing!” I shout out before anyone has a chance to say anything. More laughter.

“Well obviously something is funny here. Katie, since you seem to be the cause of all this, would you mind explaining to me what appears to be so funny?” he asked.

“Yeah, Katie! Tell us all what happened last night.” Alyssa chimed in.

“Nothing.” I mumble as I stare at the ground, avoiding eye contact with anyone.

“Oh? What happened last night that everyone is so keen to talk about?” he asked.Why can’t teachers just mind their own business? Seriously.

“If she won’t say what happened, the rest of us will gladly spill.” Alyssa said taking full advantage of the situation. I don’t say anything; I just continue my examination thorough of the ground.

“Well?” he asks. “Who would like to share? Since this appears to be so much more interesting then the life cycle of a beetle.” I can’t believe I’m thinking this…but. Please, I want to hear about the beetle. Pleeeeeaaaaaaassssseeee. Talk about the beetle!I look up at Alyssa and give her one of those haven’t-you-already-humiliated-me-enough-for-one-day-looks. This only appears to have only egged her on since without missing a beat she responds with

“I will! Katie wet the bed last night!” The crowd explodes with laughter once again. I won’t run away. I won’t run away. I won’t run away. I won’t give them that satisfaction. I look up as the laughter starts to die down.

My biology teacher simply raised his eyebrows at me and says, “Katie, aren’t you a little too old to still be wetting the bed? No wonder you tried to get out of going yesterday.” Okay, that’s two people I now hate. If he was trying to make people laugh, it worked. And okay… I ran away. But c’mon, isn’t that reason enough? And you know what Allison and Jaclyn were doing after he said that. You want to know?

Laughing. Yeah that’s right, they were laughing just as hard as everyone else there.

At least this time when I ran away, I didn’t go hide in a porta-potty for a half-hour. I just hid in the cabin. Which I guess, wasn’t really hiding, but it got me away from everyone. I am seriously having the worst day of my life, no the worst week. No even better, month. Ever since I stated having those stupid dreams, my life has been going downhill.

First I’m wetting the bed, which is bad enough. Then I get a 105 fever, and then have to be taken to the emergency room, only to get a huge needle shoved into my ass, oh yes, that was highly pleasant. Then I’m flailing around on the floor during detention, which I then am humiliated by school nurse by forcing me to show her my wet pants. Then Allison finds out, and then Alyssa tells AND shows the entire tenth grade class, well girls at least, which is just as bad as guys and girls. I get into a fight with my best friend, and then once again publicly humiliated. I don’t think I can take much more of this.

Maybe a walk will help. Try to get my thoughts and whatnot together. I don’t know how long I walked for, possibly two hours at least (A.K.A. half-hour) which pretty much got me no where, just tired me out some.I should really go apologize to Allison…I guess. But what if she’s doesn’t take it? What if she still mad at me. Okay after that last bit back there, she has to at least feel somewhat sorry for me. I mean, how much more embarrassing could it possibly get?

“Katie, why aren’t you with the group?” I look up to see Florence Nightingale sticking her head out one of the buildings.

“Oh, hi.” I say looking back down at the ground. “Some stuff happened and I had to leave.”

“Would you like to come in?” she asked. Not really, seeing as this whole walking thing is getting me nowhere, I accept. I walk in to a small little room with just a bed, chair, cabinet and sink. I sit on the bed and she grabs the chair, spins it around and sits down facing me. We just sit there for a moment in silence until she finally says something.

“Allison told me what happened this morning.” She starts this usual conversation and my eyes go to their usual place. The ground. “Allison is only trying to help you; you should go easier on her.”

Okay, this I wasn’t expecting. I was expecting something more around the lines of “ I’m so sorry that happened, Alyssa’s getting expelled.” Yeah, that’d be nice. But no, I’m the one getting scolded, after everything that’s happened. Go figure.

“Right, after everything that she’s done today, she’s taking Alyssa’s side on it. That’s really helping.” I say unable to keep the sarcasm out of my voice.

“I’m not talking about that. I’m talking about her trying to tell you about God. She told me about it when we were walking to find you this morning. She seemed so excited that you were making progress.”

Ugh not you too. I just shrug my shoulders and continue examining the floor boards.

“She really does have your best intentions at heart, and you just blew up right in her face.” I look up, shocked at what she’s saying. “You really should give it another chance.”

I simply shake my head and say. “It’s not my sort of thing.”

“It’s your choice.”

“I guess, but I still don’t understand why I’m having these dreams, let alone the…um…other thing that’s been happening because of them.”

“I’m sure it will be revealed to you when the time is right.”

“You can’t possibly think there’s a purpose for all this?”

“Actually I do, I think there’s a purpose for everything.”

“Look, part of me does want to believe all this, but a bigger part of me says it’s a load of crap.”

“Then let’s focus more on the part that does want to believe it. I know deep down inside, you know we’re not alone.”

Okay, she’s starting to sound like something off of the sci-fi channel. This is getting too weird. But yet, there’s just something that’s keeping me here, curiosity maybe, I don’t know. Whatever it is, it’s giving me goose bumps. She notices this and places her arm on mine. That’s when things really start to get weird.

I’m having flash backs of all the things that’s been happening in my dreams, except from the look on Florence Nightingale’s face, she sees it to.

First I’m at the school and I see the guy ask Allison the question, she says yes and gets killed. I say no and also get killed, I see Alyssa standing behind me.

I’m then in front of God, having to replay the awful feeling of guilt and shame. He shows me my sins, and then I’m sent to hell after he shows how I didn’t accept Him. I feel the pain of the boils and the acid, and the things that are said to me. And then it stops.

I look up and I’m lying on the floor. My head is throbbing; I figure I landed on it. I look around to see what happened. I feel shaky again and am covered in a cold sweat. I look up at Florence, who managed to at least stay in her seat without blacking out.

“Katie, are you alright?” she asks as she stretches out her hand to help me off the ground.

“What happened?” I ask in a shaky voice as I sit back down on the bed.

“Did I just see what you’ve been dreaming?” she asked in a dazed sort of voice.

“Well, what did you see?”

“When I touched you, I saw the school then I saw Allison lying on the ground, then I saw all of these…creatures.”

“Yep.” I say, “That’s the one.” She sits back down and thinks for a moment. She seems just as pale as I am which is saying something because I usually look whiter than Casper.

“Those aren’t normal dreams.” She says finally, almost in a whisper. “Katie, I think it’s trying to tell you something, you need to listen.”

I know this is true, I’m just, I don’t know. Now that this has refreshed itself into my mind, I feel more afraid than ever.I know what their trying to tell me is true, it’s just… I don’t want to admit they’re right I suppose.

“So… what happened out there that made you leave?” she says, bringing up the one conversation I wish she wouldn’t.

“Another public announcement of my lack of self control, and Mr. Lenord only made it worse.”

“It’s not your fault, this isn’t normal what you’ve been experiencing, and maybe it’s just freaking your body out or something. Or maybe, there’s a point to it all. You never know.”

“Okay, I doubt that, but they don’t know that.”

“Are you even friends with these people, or care about any of them?”

“Well, no.”

“Then there’s no point worrying over it, it’s not like your trying to impress these people.”

“It’s still the most embarrassing thing that’s ever happened to me.”

“I know your right. If it will make things easier, you can sleep in here instead.”

“CAN I? YES! THANK YOU!” I say, practically screaming from excitement.” I was planning on sleeping outside, but this is so much better. I will be eternally grateful.”

“No problem, there’s some blankets in the cupboards over there. Just do me one more favor.”

“What?” I ask, expecting some embarrassing request to clean up afterwards or something.

“Have Allison stay here with you and work things out with her." Phew. That’s it.

“Ha okay. If she will ever talk to me again.” I say, relieved she has not chosen to embarrass me like every one else has.

“Don’t worry about it, she will.” She says, giving me a reassuring smile.

“Thanks again for everything Mrs. Uh… nurse person.” I say, as I realize I don’t even know her name.

“You can call me Amanda.” She says.

“Oh okay. Thanks for helping me through this. It means a lot to me.”

“No problem.” She says as she flashes me another smile. I smile back and leave to go find Allison.I look in the cabin, but it looks like they aren’t back yet.

I try to sit and wait, but I get to antsy and nervous, so I decide to go out and look for her. I walk down the path that leads down to the lake, making sure to keep my mouth closed as I rehearse in my head what I’m going to say to her.

I see them of at a distance, so I take a deep breath and walk over that way, taking my sweet time getting there.I make an attempt at sneaking by people to get to Al, but it doesn’t quite work out that way. Once I’m spotted, the crowd erupts with laughter, which instantly signals to Al and Jaclyn that I have arrived. Great.

“Glad to see you’ve made it back, Miss Devo, we were just discussing the different nutrients that are found in this soil.”

Well to bad I’m going to miss that, really, I would have loved to stick around and listen to you talk about dirt, but I have much more important maters to take care of.

I make my way over to Al, pushing past (a little harder then necessary) the people who are standing there snickering at me.

“Al, I need to talk to you.” I whisper into her ear. She doesn’t respond, she just stands there and pretends I’m not there. “Al really, I really need to talk to you.”

“Well to bad, I’m busy.” She snaps back.

“I want to apologize.”

“Fine, well start talking.” She says, still looking toward the front.

“Not here.” I say as I point back in the direction of camp. She gives me a look of uncertainty then looks back towards the front. Allison is the kind of person who would never break the rules, so she must have been pretty bored if she was willing to sneak out and follow me back to camp, which somewhat surprised me. We walk back to camp in silence and I lead her back over to our bunk beds.

“Look Al, I’m really sorry about what I said. I didn’t mean it.”She looks down and doesn’t say anything.A signal to keep going. “Look. I’ve been thinking about what you said all day, and I think you're right. Al, I’m really sorry about what I said earlier, I swear I didn’t mean it, I’ve just been under a lot of stress from the whole nightmares and whatnot. Then the thing that happened this morning.”

“It’s okay, I forgive you.” Al says after thinking it over for a few minutes as she pulling me into a hug, which I gladly accept while we hang out talking the rest of the evening until Jaclyn came looking for us. I had really almost expected a long drawn out fight with me ending up groveling for forgiveness. Thankfully she’s not one to hold a grudge.

“Well when you two are done being all sentimental over there, dinners being served now, so if anyone cares, I’m going to go get some food. Unlike some people” Jaclyn says as she glares at me. “We had to walk all day so I’m starving.”

“I would have gladly walked instead of being under the conditions that I’m in right now.” I point out.

“Oh yeah, by the way, I’m pretty sure they’re going to pull the covers off you again. So unless you somehow gained some self- control over there, I’d sleep somewhere else tonight.”

“Yeah, I already got that taken care of.” I say.

“What sleeping arrangements or self control?”

“Sleeping arrangements. Amanda’s letting me sleep in her work station tonight.” I say as I get up and starting packing my bag back up.

“Who’s Amanda?” Al and Jaclyn ask at the same time.

“Oh, she’s that person I’ve been talking to.” I say as I get up.

“Please don’t tell me you’ve been having hallucinations with those nightmares of yours.” Jaclyn says as she raises her eyebrows at me.

“No. She’s the nurse person.” I say as I cling to the railing of the bed for support as I make an attempt to walk.

“Oh. You mean Florence Nightingale?” Jaclyn asks.

“Yeah. Something really weird happened when I was in there talking to her today. She touched my arm, and then we both started seeing bits and pieces from my dreams. Then I woke up on the floor.”

“You really are a psychopath, you know that?” Jaclyn says impatiently by the door waiting for us to get ready for dinner.

“Oh, by the way, she says I can stay the night only if you come with me.” I say to Al.

“Oh, well no offense or anything, but there’s no way I’m sharing a bed with you.”

“Don’t worry. It’s too small to fit both of us in there, one of us is going to have to sleep on the floor.”

“Hey I’m doing you a favor. I get the bed.”

“No way it’s mine.”

“In your dreams.”

“In my dreams, you don’t get the bed, you get the body bag.” I point out.

“Ha, let’s not go there.” She says. “And besides, so do you.”

“Which means both of you will be dead, which leaves the bed completely open for me so I won’t be stuck in here with whoever it is that snores. Didn’t you guys hear her last night?” Jaclyn asks halfway through the door motioning for us to hurry up and continue our conversation on the way. “Are we ever going to get to eat or what?”

“Okay okay, we’re coming.” I say as I try not to think about what’s going to happen when I get there. “I didn’t hear anyone snoring last night. I fell asleep pretty early.”

“Ugh. Lucky, it took me forever to fall asleep.” moans Al. “At least I won’t have to deal with it tonight.” She smiles as Jaclyn gives us both a glare. When we walked in, it was normal enough. No one, as usual, paid any attention to our existence. Just the way I like it. Sure, there was the occasional wise crack, like for instance when we were in line. The poor bored people who got stuck with kitchen duty, making a feeble attempt to entertain themselves when they pass out their assigned item.

“Juice for you, Juice for you.” They said as the line moved on. I recognized one of the girls from my cabin. Oh great.

“Juice for you.” She said as Jaclyn passed down. “No juice for you.” Is what was said when I passed. I pass by without argument, not wanting to start anything with that subject. She continues her little chant to the lucky people who get something to drink. Well, the lucky people who don’t happen to be me anyway.

So we go sit down at a table near the back, then something even more surprising happens. Jamie and some of his friends come and join us.

“Hey, what’s up?” he asks me. This surprising me so much, I start choking on my plastic fork.

I’m sooo good at flirting.

After him hearing what I wrote in my journal, I thought he’d never speak to me again. I manage to hold on to what little dignity I had left and say hi back.

“Look, I heard what Alyssa did to you, and we’ve come to help you out.” He said getting to the point.

“What do you mean?” I ask. What could he possibly do to help me? And more importantly, WHY would he want to help me. He flashes me a smile, a smile that says nothing short of revenge.

“What are you planning?” I ask cautiously.

“Oh, just a little something.” He says, trying to sound all innocent and whatnot. “I need to know what she likes and fears.”

“Umm she hates bugs, values her hair with her life, and for some reason has a strange addiction to Pringles.”

I look over at Al who I thought for sure was going to say something against it, but it’s been a surprising day. She seemed totally into it.

“You can put bugs in an empty can of Pringles.” She threw in, which just about shocked everyone at the table. “What? Stop looking at me like that. I have an evil side too you know.”

“Okay, that’s a good one, any other ideas?” he asked.

“Well we have to do the whole hand in warm water thing.” Said Jaclyn, it’s only ironic that she wets the bed.”

“Does that even work? Well whatever, her hair has to go down.” I say. “Let’s put shaving cream in it, it will turn it into a rock.”

“Sweet.” He said. “We need something big though. All the girls in your cabin we’re involved. Let’s hit them all. Except of course you three.” He says, pointing toward us.

“Let’s take all their bras and underwear, dip them in starch, and put them outside in the cold. They’ll turn hard as a rock.” Al said with an evil grin.

We all blankly stare up at Al. Where is she coming up with all this stuff? Has she been holding this evil side inside her all this time? She ignores our stares and continues. "We can name tag them, then throw some embarrassing underwear up there and put their names on it.”

This is really getting scary. I think I’m rubbing off on her. Even Jamie seemed shocked, and he’s the one always going around joking saying there’s a little bit of evil in everyone.

“When good girls go bad.” Jaclyn said in a dramatic voice.

“Okay everyone needs to do something. We need someone to get bugs, someone to get shaving cream, an empty can of Pringles and.” Jamie said trying to not laugh “A bra fetcher. And no, not you two.” He sighs towards Anthony and Josh.

“ Fine. We’ll get the bugs.” Moaned the guys in disappointment.

“I’ll get the bras.” Jaclyn said with a malicious grin on her face as she got up and ran back to the girls’ cabin.

“Okay, me and Katie will sneak into the kitchen later and get the shaving cream and starch. Al you can find the Pringles can and warm water.”

“Alright.”

“Okay, we’ll all meet outside by the oak tree at midnight with all the supplies.”
