USS: ARBITER Class Carrier Operation:Torchlight

Author: DespLover9021

*000*2015-03-07 01:08

This is one chapter in 3 chapter story

A note about this story:

{{: 

It will include mild desperation and a lot of acronyms. If you dont understand dont hesitate to ask.

}}

Chapter 1: The endless dogfight

It is currently 0600 hundred hours aboard the Latest class of aircraft carrier USS ARBITER. Today's mission: To strike at the heart of an enemy terror cell operations.

Lt. Sierra Mckinnon is getting ready for the mission and is so excited for the mission and sitting next to her best friend in the whole navy and WSO 2nd Lt Jennifer Walker. The two have been best friends ever since they first met in Naval Basic training and managed to get stationed on the same carrier and in the same aircraft a multipurpose strike fighter known as the F/A-18D Superhornet.

As Sierra sat there with her friend and ate breakfast "Today's gonna be Awsome Jennifer " she said as she sat there in her blue tiger BDU and ate a large helping of pancakes bacon and eggs, her friend looked at her and shook her head "I hope nothing goes wrong during the OP i would hate to have another aircraft shot down due to one VFA not doing their job". She was mentioning this after last weeks incident of a operation where the carriers legendary squadron failed to take out a SAM battery while they were flying a strike mission. This had ended up costing the carrier one full strike wing.

Sierra nodded her head and agreed "Yeah I'd hate for VFA-349 to not do their part " she said as she finished her breakfast and drink which was a good size apple juice and Sierra had a pretty large bladder.

Once Jenniffer had finished her breakfast she got up and walked with her friend to the flight readyness room and got changed into her flight suit and got her helmet which had an eagle design carrying a skull in its claws. Once they were both changed into their flight suit, they both walked up to the flight deck and found their aircraft and started to do all pre-flight check on the exterior of the aircraft before climbing into the cockpit and doing a engine start up and then taxing to the catapult.

Once on the catapult, Jeniffer and Sierra started to do all the pre-flight checks and then Jeniffer initated the HMD weapon system check. Once that was done Sierra signaled to the shooter that they were ready to launch.

"Get ready Jen, its about to be fast"

"Im ready any day"

(Radio) "Roger that, Putting tension on"

"20 minus center roger that"

"Gargoyle 1-1 clear to launch"

A few minutes later they were launched off the deck and into the air and were directed onto a heading to intetcept the bandits that were a part of their first tasking for the operation.

"Gargoyle 1-1, Heavycloud I have a flight of 2 climbing off the deck northwest of your position. Turn to heading 2-9-9 angels 3"

"Gargoyle 1-1 copies, heading 2-9-9 angels 3"

They got onto the heading and angels directed by the AWACS. They continued to fly and were informed that their wingman would be joining them soon.

"Gargoyle 1-1, radar contact, closing fast, no IFF tone back." after about 30 seconds of flying the two bandits shot them first with 30 mills and broke off the attack forcing Sierra to intercept them and reporting to the awacs "Heavycloud, Gargoyle 1-1. Confirmed bandits V-ID on 2 engaging at angels 7"

As they engaged the bandits Jeniffer started to feel the effects of pulling hard G's and the drink that she had before they had taken off. She tried to signal to Sierra that she needed to use the bathroom. Since for the first part of the operation their aircraft was gonna be outfited with AA package which consisted of 4x AIM 120B and Cs and 2x AIM 9X Sidewinders along with the standard amount of flares and chaffs to ward off enemy missiles.

As they continued to pull high G's and try to keep up with the bandit Jeniffer began to discretely squirm trying to keep control of her bladder as they kept up with the bandit in what seemed like a eternity of a dogfight. Jeniffer then engaged her HMD and tried to lock onto the bandit but it kept throwing chaff and flares at them so it was hard to achieve a lock, but finally after 10 minutes of DE-locks the HMD found its mark and the familiar tone of an achieved lock-on could be heard and Jeniffer soon followed up with a press of her joysticks fire button which launched a missile off the rails and followed by "1-1 Fox 2" and a confirmation of a destroyed aircraft.

TO BE CONTINUED

(tell me what you guys think)

*003*2015-03-13 05:48

Here's the continuation of the first chapter.

{{: 

Mild desperation is included. Also medium to heavy acronyms

}}

Chapter 1 the endless dogfight part 2

As Gargoyle 1-1 continued to try and get a upper hand on the second bandit, Both sierra and jeniffer were surprised to find out that there were more bandits on radar. Sierra had to quickly try and think of a solution because if not they were about to become another downed airmen, which sierra was not about to let happen. After a 5 minute thinking session she could only find a decision which involved advising the AWACS of their situation. So sierra quickly radioed the AWACS "Heavycloud, Gargoyle 1-1, we have multiple bandits on radar, we are counting 10 and rising. Can u confirm that count and that the radar isnt being jammed on a local area? Also advise on status of wingman TOS?"

After her last transmission the AWACS told her that the wingman was 5 mikes from TOS and that they were reading their radar correctly "copy heavycloud, gargoyle 1 out"

Jeniffer had been listening to the transmissions and sighed knowing that they probably werent gonna be able to get back to the boat anytime soon. But she was suddenly shaken out of her sighing as the tone of a enemy lock was heard and she looked back to find a SU-27 ont their tail and locked onto them.

"Hey Sierra we got a bogey locked on at our 6!" Sierra looked back and confirmed what her friend and cursed herself for not paying attention. Then as she made a move to avoid the aircraft firing on them the tone of a missile having been fired at them could be heard and Sierra started to try and dive away saying to Jeniffer "Jen! Mud 13! On our 6! Chaff flares now!"

Jeniffer quickly replied with the deployment of flares to make the missile go towards the flares heat source since it was common knowledge that heatseeking missiles went for a heat source. The missile went for the flares and Sierra started to dump their speed so that way they could get an advantage on the bandit. They got hit by the enemys 30 mill cannon as they got behind the bandit.

"Come on Jenn lock him up! Teach him what happens when u mess with the gargoyles!" Sierra shouted through her commlink to Jeniffer

"This ones mine! Engaging hmd now!" she said as she slid the HMD visor down over her eyes and switched to missiles before looking at the bandit and locking him up and getting a clear tone and firing a missile straight at him which he didnt have time to avoid it and got splashed "Gargoyle 1-1 spalsh 1!, nice hit jen! Now lets get the rest!"

After another half an hour of.fighting in which their wingman finally joined them and shot all his ammo along with Sierras own payload. They both broke off and were about half way to the boat before an unexpected missile came at the two and clipped Garoyle 1's right wing making him spiral out of control and hitting the water hard. With no sign of ejection from their wingman they quickly called in that they lost their wingman and gave coordinates for CSAR.

Sierra knew they had to get on the deck fast before another missile was fired and took them out. Sierra quickly asked "are their any planes on the mark?! Gargoyle 1-1 is coming in for a emergency landing " after waiting a minute and hesring that the mark was being cleared for them they made their mark and hit the deck almost loosing their landing gear in the process.

End.of.chapter 1 chapter 2 coming soon

*005*2015-03-17 05:17

Thanks Minevfan and also thanks to those who have liked the story too far.

*007*2016-01-02 22:35

{{: 

After the longest time of not writing a chapter for this story i finally managed to find the inspiration to write the second chapter for this story, hope you guys will enjoy this story as much as i enjoyed writing it

}}

Chapter 2: desperate on the deck

As the day went by on the carrier and aircraft were taxied, refueled and rearmed before being sent over to the catapults for takeoff, we see on the catapult the young 2nd LT Sierra Mickinion in a shooter yellow uniform giving hand signals to her fellow pilots who were taking off from the deck, traffic was coming through the radio as she was currently on catapult three of the deck and holding a F/A 18E Superhornet from "Blue Blasters" VFA Squadron as there was a fault in the catapult system and the green shirt enlisted personnel were trying to fix the problem.

Sierra was standing there and trying to ignore the ping she felt in her bladder right now, if she had the chance to use the bathroom she would rush over but the 1st LT of her squadron had told her she needed to work the cats for a few hours so she couldnt leave even if she wanted to. Luckily after they had landed on the deck about 3 1/2 hours,her WSO was able to relieve herself before going to her bunk to sleep since she wasnt assigned to work on a catapult.

"Blaster 113 l, taxi and hold short behind cat 3 and await further instructions and takeoff clearence from shooter 3"

"Blaster 121 standby for catapult reset, shooter 3 when your ready give the reset signal to cat ops" as soon as Sierra heard that she looked up and pointed straight at the aircraft before giving a reset signal to the dome on the deck and waiting for the sound that would signal the catapult being reset as she discreetly grabbed her crotch to help keep the liquid inside her under control as she heard the sound and started going through the handsignals to reset the system on the cat while still discreetly keeping her bladder under control.

Once the cat was reset she went ahead and gave the signal to shoot the aircraft off the deck and radioed "Blaster 113 taxi to cat 3 and hold short" she said as she started to move her hands in a waving motion but going away from each other as to signal the aircraft to move forward a bit onto the catapult and tried to think of a way to get switched so she could go and use the bathroom.

End of ch2 pt 1 part 2 coming soon

*009*2016-01-04 04:10

(thank you. If anyone has suggestions for this story feel free to post them and maybe ill include them in the story)

*011*2016-10-12 18:32

/// Ch2. Part 2: Sorry its taken me so long to actually make another chapter for this story. Been trying to find inspiration for it.

As Flight ops continued and the aircraft was on the CAT, she let the enlisted take over before getting the signal from them that the aircraft was locked into the catapult. She looked at the personnel to make sure that they were clear of the cat and then gave the signal to the pilot for a quick check of flight controls before she would clear him for a shot off the deck. Although she still had the problem of her bladder to deal with and someone to make the switch with because as it stood at the current moment, she didn't feel like she was gonna be able to hold it for much longer.

Also she wasn't about to let the pilot get a view of her wetting herself because that would just get her a stern talking to from the CO of her squadron and she certainly didn't want that. She quickly looked around for a fellow yellow shirt, but it seemed like they were all occupied with other duties on the deck or were all probably below deck getting rest. She soon realized that the pilot had already signaled he was ready for takeoff and she hadn't noticed it, quickly she gave the signal that he was clear for launch and waited for a few minutes before she heard the familiar sound of the cat motors launching the aircraft forward off the deck before it was released off the deck.

She almost had a near collision with the wing as she quickly ducked to avoid the aircraft pylon that came close to hitting her. That was another mistake she knew that she had made, after all she was supposed to keep a certain distance away from the cat, now she really had to get someone to switch with her because another mistake like that could cost her more than a stern talking to by a CO. She looked around desperately while squeezing her thighs together and finally saw a yellow shirt that was available and waved him over. It was one of her fellow aviators and one of her friends that she had gone through the aviator school with.

She quickly explained the situation to him and he happily agreed to take over for her and she took off like a lightning bolt towards the door that separated the deck from the rest of the ship. The bathrooms were down one level, she hoped that it wasn't too crowded. As she got to the bathroom she saw that she had caught a lucky break and dashed into a stall unbuttoning her uniform pants and just hovering above the seat and just let it all release feeling so relieved. Once she was done she pulled up and buttoned her pants, washed her hands and went up to the flight deck ready to resume her duties.

(let me know what you guys thought of that and what i should do for the next chapter.)

