Waiting too long

Author: Laura

*000*2011-06-28 15:03

Renna entered the class and took her seat. She was a rather short girl, but her large breasts and nice ass made up for it infinitely. She had long; light brown hair, and today she was wearing tight light blue jeans and a white tshirt. It was 2nd period, which meant Science class. It wasn’t particularly interesting, but it was rather easy for her. She took out her water bottle and took a large gulp. It resulted in a little full feeling from her bladder, but she easily shrugged it off. She finished the bottle 15 minutes into the class, and waited patiently for the next 45. Once the period ended, it was break time and she went to her locker. She considered going to the washroom, but she knew she could definitely hold it and instead went to go fill up her water bottle.

Drinking half of it immediately after filling it up, she refilled it again. Soon enough the bell rang, and she began to head towards her next class; which was social studies. She took her seat as usual and began to do her work. About 30 minutes into the class, she had already finished her water and it was all starting to hit her bladder. Combined with the cup of tea and orange juice from this morning, she felt the need to go was pretty strong. She debated on whether or not to ask to go, but the teacher was in the middle of a presentation so she decided to wait. Besides, she was a big girl now; she could hold it.

With 15 minutes to go, she was feeling increasingly desperate. It didn’t hurt, but there was a significant throbbing. She crossed and uncrossed her legs, and decided that it helped best to just bounce them. With 5 minutes left, she really needed to pee. To give her muscles a break, she took a good 10 seconds to lean forward and grab her crotch. Not wanting to draw to much attention, she stopped and decided to ask if she could use the washroom.

“Ms. Tuttle?” She whimpered, raising her hand “Can I go to the washroom?”

“Can it wait?” The teach said back, not particularly interested.

“I don’t think so, it’s urgent” Renna said, with frustration in her voice.

“Well theres 1 minute left in the period, so you can go on your way to the next class.”

She nodded and began to rub her thighs together. She cursed herself for drinking so much water. Damn did she need to pee. The next minute seemed to draw on forever, and she continued to bang her thighs together. She was sure a couple people must have noticed her, but all she was focused on was not wetting herself.

Finally the bell went, and she stood up; almost loosing her balance. Her bladder continued to burn, but she gained control of herself and began to fast walk towards the nearest washroom. Upon arriving, she was met with a horrible sight; there was a line of atleast 5 girls ahead of her. She took her place in line, and began to cross and uncross her legs. The girl in front of her looked even more desperate, and she recognized her. Her name was Sara, and she had black hair, a nice curvy body, and was wearing dark blue jeans that looked way too tight. Sara squirmed back and forth; bending over frequently with her hands jammed in her crotch the whole time. When Sara swung around almost acrobatically, Renna noticed the tears running down her face. She hoped she wouldn’t end up as desperate as her.

Only two people had went ahead when Sara straightened and began to shake.

“Oh no… no no no not now…”She whimpered.

Renna watched as a dark stain appeared below Sara’s butt, and began to spread up her crack and down her thighs. Realizing that she was peeing herself, Sara jammed her hands in her crotch again and began to squirm violently, but to no avail. The stain ran down Sara’s legs, and her pee began to pool and the floor beneath.

Upon hearing Sara’s sobbing, Renna had to quickly grab her crotch as watching Sara disgrace herself had increased her need even more. She realized that the bell had gone, and started to run to Math, hoping the teacher would let her go back. When she reached the front door she almost doubled over, and felt her bladder leak a little. She gasped and inspected the damage. It wasn’t at all visible on her jeans, but she could feel that her panties were damp. She regained her control, and hobbled into the classroom, taking a seat next to a boy named Jake. She knew he had a crush on her, but that was the least of her worries right now.

“Why were you late?” The Teacher asked

Renna swallowed a bit, “There was a long line for the bathroom, and I had to head here so I wouldn’t be too late. Can I please go back?”

The teacher shook her head “You can stay here for punishment of being late.”

Renna shook her head and mumbled to herself “But I’m going to have an accident…”

She wasn’t sure how she would be able to hold it until lunch, but she tried her best. Grabbing, crossing, rubbing, bending over. She did it all for at least ten minutes while Jake watched it all, enjoying it completely. He couldn’t believe how lucky he was.

There was 40 minutes still left in the class, and she didn’t know how much longer she would be able to hold it. She felt like she was about to explode, which she almost did, but managed to tightly jam her hands into her crotch. She kept her red face down to hide the tears that began streaming down her face. She was on the verge of wetting her pants like a little girl. She turned her vision a bit and noticed that Jake had an erection.

“Are you kidding me?” She thought to herself “Is he actually enjoying this?!”

She shrugged it off again, regaining all focus on not peeing. She kept like this for the next 10 minutes, before she knew she was about to burst.

Her hand shot up in the air “Can I please go?” she cried “I’m about to pee my pants!”

Whispers and snickers were heard around the class. “Is she really gonna pee herself?”

“Wow what a baby”

“Didn’t she go at break?”, And some other rude remarks.

“No.” The teacher said sternly, “You can go in 15 minutes when I am done teaching this equation.”

Renna began to sob quietly, she wouldn’t be able to hold it that long. Not wanting to end up like Sara, she defied the teacher and stood up. She began to hobble towards the door; one hand in her crotch and the other keeping her balance. She had reached the desk closest to the door when she felt a sharp pain in her bladder, and felt the warm pee hitting the crotch of her panties. She was able to stop it for the moment, but there was a wet spot the size of a grape on her jeans. The class watched intently as she stood there trembling with both hands in her crotch, trying desperately to hold on.

After about 10 seconds of suspense, the dam broke. Her pee flooded into her jeans, spreading warmth across her bum and quickly down her legs. She was getting completely soaked, as she had an accident in front of everyone. Some laughed, others felt sorry for her. Renna just sobbed and continued peeing. Once her bladder was empty and she had made a large puddle on the floor, she examined her jeans (which were practically completely dark) and ran out the door with tears streaming down her face.

To be continued

*003*2011-06-29 22:37

Some background info:

1. Im bi

2. Me and Jake dated for a few weeks, which is how I know hes into pee desperation

3. i think Renna might still be dating him

