The Wild Tempest - Page 7

Author: OmoCommando

*155*2013-03-25 22:02

{{:

Could we have a full status update on the entire team? Like weapons, supplies, ordnance, bladder, relationship status, everything? I don't really feel like doing the math.

"It's a six-shooter, so six times three and... math is for the navy."

}}

No problem. As of this moment...

Squad Health:

Isabel (you): Fine

Michelle: Fine

Jenni: Fine

Carly: Fine

Squad Bladder status:

Isabel (you): 65%

Michelle: 19%

Jenni: 31%

Carly: 25%

Isabel's Inventory:

Weapons and ammo:

W&T M25 Magnum (6/6 shots)

AR6L Assault Rifle energy cells: 5

W&T M25 cartridges: 18

Grenades and ordinance:

EC grenades: 2

Non-Lethal breach charge: 2

Heavy duty remote charge: 1

Medical Equipment:

Med kits: 0

Resuscitation Stim: 1

Health Stim: 1

Strength Stim: 2

Michelle's Inventory:

Weapons:

S4L Pistol

Sniper Rifle

Grenades and Ordinance:

Flash-Bang grenades: 2

Trip Mines: 2

Medical Equipment:

Med kits: 0

Resuscitation Stim: 2

Jenni's Inventory:

Weapons:

AR6L Assault Rifle

Freeze Gun

Grenades and Ordinance:

Frag Grenades: 2

Heavy Duty Remote Charges: 2

Medical Equipment:

Med kits: 0

Resuscitation Stim: 2

Carly's Inventory:

Weapons:

GN-535 Submachine gun

Anti-Armor Grenade Launcher

Grenades and Ordinance:

Frag Grenades: 2

EC Grenades: 2

Plasma Grenades: 2

Medical Equipment:

Med kits: 0

Resuscitation Stim: 2

(as with all shooters, allies mysteriously seem to have guns with infinite amounts of ammo, yet carry no spare ammunition for sharing)

Relationship Status:

Michelle: 0

Jenni: 5

Carly: 2

Hope this helps. I know it's a lot of stuff to follow. I'm trying not to have this story too number based.

*157*2013-03-25 22:28

{{:

What will the zero for Michelle's status mean? Might she disobey an order?

By the way, I love the drawings for when a relationship goes up. They're cute. :)

}}

0 is completely neutral. If low enough (-5 or lower), the team member will lose faith in your command ability. If really low, they may betray you.

*164*2013-03-27 05:08

Chapter 3: Seeking the Scientist

___

Squad Status:

Isabel (you): Fine

Michelle: Fine

Jenni: Fine

Carly: Fine

Squad Bladder Status:

Isabel (you): 65%

Michelle: 20%

Jenni: 32%

Carly: 25%

Equipped Weapon: W&T M25 Magnum (6/6 shots)

Alert! - Armor integrity compromised. Armor effectiveness reduced to 69%. Seek armor repair station ASAP.

___

“Hey, everyone...” you say as you your hand hovers over a personal area. “You all won’t be, like, completely offended if I just peed here on the floor, would you?”

The team looks at you with raised eye brows.

“Sorry, bad joke.” You smile playfully, though in truth you were quite serious. Better attend to the matter at hand anyway.

“Listen up, squad. I believe that Raimus character has a connection to all that has transpired. Our efforts should be focused on tracking him down and getting some answers.” You explain.

“Do you think he’s with the rebels?” Jenni asks.

“Unclear.” You answer. “But he has answers, and he knows about this serum he put in us.”

“Even if he is with rebels,” Michelle adds, “he might only be doing so because it currently suits his purpose.”

You turn to the sniper. “What are you saying, Michelle?”

“With a little persuasion, he might help us out.” she replies.

“But he’s insane!” Jenni protests.

“So am I, you don’t complain about me.” Michelle retorts.

“The corps. sanctioned your mental state. Raimus on the other hand...” you pause momentarily. “Michelle’s right. He might be more useful alive at the moment.”

“How do you propose we find him?” Carly asks.

You think again. It wouldn’t be easy to track this guy down. At least not if you stay together as a group. You don’t like it, but you don’t have a choice.

“We’re splitting up and going back to the aft section of the ship. Jenni, head for engineering. Carly, head for the computer core. Michelle, go for hangar deck control. I’ll go back to security and search around there.”

“Yes, ma’am.” The three respond.

“Check in at hourly intervals. Our health monitors won’t work when we’re long distances apart. If you don’t find anything at your objective, move on at your discretion.”

You all begin to move out. “One other thing, Blue team.” They all look in your direction. “If you run into Natsumi, do not engage! We couldn’t take her as a team, so none of us will be able to take her alone.” You look at the eyes of each of your squad members. “Come back alive, all right?”

Michelle nods, Jenni salutes, and Carly flashes a smile. They then head toward their objectives. That was it. The team had to operate individually now. Though commandos were most effective as a team, they were still very efficient when operating independently.

You move forward and step back onto the lift. You punch in deck 17 and feel the lift start to move downward. You look up at the lift monitor that tells you your current deck location. Deck 8, deck 9, 10, 11...

/connection lost with squad member “Michelle”

/connection lost with squad member “Jenni”

/connection lost with squad member “Carly”

You then hear Carly’s voice on your helmet radio. “Everyone okay? Just lost the signal.”

“Michelle here. I’m fine.”

“Jenni reporting. Status: normal.”

“Captain Lester here. All is well. Continue to your objective, blue team.”

With the connection now broken, you figure this is as good a time as any. You again pop off the hip section of your armor. You open up your body suit at the crotch, and you squat down low. You take your fingers, hold your “lips” open, and quickly relax your muscles. Relief washes over you as pee flows from your body. You look down, watching your yellow stream spray against the hard floor of the lift, and you cannot help but let a small sigh escape.

[You have peed. Bladder Status reset to 0]

You close up your suit and put your armor back on just as the lift comes to a halt. The enclosed space quickly begins to fill with the aroma of your freshly-made urine. You are unhesitant in stepping out once the doors slide open.

The first thing you decide to do is to search the room where you were initially taken captive. Apparently Raimus has been back a few times; there were a few racks of test tubes and flasks of various chemicals that were not there previously. One can only wonder what the madman was up to.

You also notice a new datapad. You activate it and see the title, “Raimus’ research log.”

Entry 1 (one month ago):

These self deluded fools believe themselves humanity’s saviors. Have they even come close to the medical breakthroughs that I have? I think not. Sure, you’ve worked tirelessly in your colonies and farms but it is I that have allowed modern medicine to progress. Regardless, it is because of them that I may operate with impunity. We’ll see now if I can actually get work done without having to devote myself to some mindless crusade.

Entry 2 (A few days ago):

They call me insane! Natsumi intends to hand the whole cruiser over to the Kauranian Empire! They’ll take this cruiser and then blast every last human to hell, even I can see that. I think my gift to Natsumi has caused the power to go to her head. It would behoove me to leave at the earliest convenience.

Entry 3 (a few hours ago):

New test subjects! Commandos even! There pristine physical condition should make them excellent test subjects for latest serum. With the... sacrifice... of the previous marines, I believe I have come to perfect the flaws of my creation. The only setback appears to be frequent urination. If a person were to eat or drink nothing, it would take about six hours for the his bladder to fill. Unknown what foods and drinks may expedite this process. Will test during “feeding time.”

Entry 4 (less than an hour ago):

The time is approaching. The Empire will arrive, take the cruiser and eliminate all Republic resistance. The commandos have escaped, and I believe them to be my best option to leave here alive. They are not likely to be kind upon seeing me again after what I did. I may need to simply cut my losses. I may not be a soldier but at least I have my weapon...

Your eyes widen. It is exactly as Michelle surmised. Raimus was here due to mutual advantage. If what Natsumi said was true, and the Empire was indeed coming to take possession of the ship, those advantages would end for him.

You are about to leave when the door opens. You look upon the psychotic face of professor Raimus. He immediately draws a pistol from his lab coat, dives behind cover and begins firing at you. His shooting is wild and panicky however. He’s not sure he can beat you.

“Stay back, Commando! You cannot hurt me, this I pr-r-r-r-r-romise you!” he shouts in his overly ecstatic voice.

You ready your magnum.

> [Attack him]

> [persuade] Raimus, I read the logs. Let’s discuss this.

> [intimidate] You’re not beating a Commando, egg head! Surrender and we’ll talk!

> Other:

Side note: Though you can't see it in these images, your armor is still wrecked.

*171*2013-03-28 04:09

Squad Status:

Isabel (you): Fine

Squad Bladder Status:

Isabel (you): 0%

Equipped Weapon: W&T M25 Magnum (6/6 shots)

Alert! - Armor integrity compromised. Armor effectiveness reduced to 69%. Seek armor repair station ASAP.

___

“Raimus-”

“PROFESSOR RAIMUS!!!” He screams.

“Whatever! ‘Professor Raimus,’” you growl. “I read your log entries. And you’re right; Natsumi is nuts and I think it would be in both our interests if we work together.”

He pauses. “...You spoken to her?”

You stance eases up just slightly. “Yes. I told her the same thing, that the Empire won’t ever side with humans and they’ll kill everyone aboard before taking this ship.”

“And what of your earlier capture?”

“I can...” you think about the times you’ve been been forced to pee. “...forgive... that. In the interest of trying to get out of here.” He very carefully stands up. When his eyes meet with yours, you make sure he sees you lower your gun. “Are you willing to talk?”

“Yes...” he says slowly. “You will ensure that I can leave alive?”

“I will do my best to protect you. I need some answers, however.”

Raimus nods. “Go ahead.”

“First, tell me everything that has been going on here since the ship vanished.”

Raimus pauses in thought for moment. “I... helped the rebels procure this ship, some of my research proved beneficial for them and they gave me use of the facilities on this ship.”

“This research...” you ask, “is it what gives Natsumi her... abilities?”

“Yes,” he responds. “A performance enhancer that offers the user strength, reflexes and durability nearly five times greater than that of the average human being. Her ‘legacy,’ however, is that sword of hers that seems to deflect directed energy weapons fire.”

“How does it do that?”

“She would not let me analyze it, but I would hypothesize that it is made out of a material with complex electromagnetic properties.”

“What’s her weakness?”

Raimus shakes his head. “Of that, I do not know. I did not have the opportunity to test the serum until Natsumi. If she is suffering from any side effects, only she knows that.”

“And what about the stuff you put in me and my squad?”

“It’s an anti-toxin that purifies the bloodstream by directing all dangerous material towards the bladder. It causes frequent urination, yes, but that is a small price to pay.”

“What’s the antidote?”

Raimus goes silent. His face is suddenly wrought with worry. “There... is no antidote that I know of.”

“You said you used that insect venom to boost it’s potency. There were some medical staff that had developed an antidote to that.”

The man grimaces, “I don’t... know if that will work or not. Chances are the serum would just filter it out anyway. Unless...”

“Unless what?”

“Get me to the medical lab! I may be able to work with and develop something!”

“All right...”

“BUT!” He raises a finger. “I want complete amnesty from the Republic. I will not be saved just to end up serving a sentence.”

You hesitate. “I... can’t promise that. But at the very least I’ll speak on your behalf.”

Raimus sighs. “I suppose that will have to do for now.”

You turn on your helmet radio. “Blue team, this is Captain Lester. I’ve found Rai- Professor Raimus. Make your way to the medical labs on deck 10.”

“Affirmative, Michelle out.”

“Roger that, Jenni out.”

“Understood. Carly out.”

You look at Raimus. “If the rebels don’t suspect you yet, you should be able to make it there more safely on your own.”

“You are correct.” Raimus goes to leave, then stops and looks at you. “One more thing, captain, as a gesture of good faith.” Raimus hands you two objects.

[Received 1 Medical Kit]

[Received Key Item, “Security Code Cylinder; Deck 17 Armory”]

“Thank you, professor.” You are surprised by this. You now come to the realization that his offer may be genuine. “Stay safe.”

“I won’t be the one taking fire, but I appreciate the sentiment.” With the last word, Raimus departs. You shake your head. Beneath all of his eccentricities, there was a sane and rational mind in that head. Morals were questionable, though.

After giving Raimus a good 5 minute head start, you go forward towards:

>The armory down the hall (yes, you are presently on deck 17, if you’re wondering)

>The lift toward deck 10

>The maintenance passages

>Other:

*174*2013-03-28 09:21

{{:

Armory. We need something besides a pistol. (I'm sorry pistols. You know I love you but there are times that we need something bigger.)

}}

Played Halo 1, 'nuff said. ;)

(reading your comment, I thought you'd appreciate this)

(For anyone who doesn't get the joke, the pistol from the 1st Halo game is one of the prime examples of a severely overpowered VG handgun)

