Desperate Sexy Cousin - Page 2

Author: Brenman

*022*2021-11-17 12:04

PART 6 (FINAL PART)

“Where’s the fucking contest?” she asked.

Soon we were walking back through the woodsy area from whence we came, passing nearly a dozen pissing men as well as another blushing mother squatting beside what looked to be her teenaged daughter, both womens’ pussies emitting furious streams. Shirley clutched herself tightly, seeing them, her other hand being pulled away by mine as I held her hand tightly, tugging her gently through the trees, surrounded by the torturous sounds of pee streams everywhere. On the way out, we bumped into one gentleman who had his back turned to us, busy zipping up his pants, her turned round and saw me holding Shirley’s hand, while Shirley just kept curtsying, walking in place, huffing and puffing with shaky breaths, touching her crotch, pulling her hand away, etc.

“Might as well let her pee out here, she won’t get a chance at those lines.” this older, hillbilly-looking dude in overalls said to me, seeing me tow away desperate looking Shirley. Shirley just whimpered, unconvincingly,

“I- I’m fine.” in a shaky, pathetic voice, as we continued out of the woods, back past the port-a-potty lines, longer than before now, several people pee dancing where they stood. We continued straight ahead, me pulling Shirley’s hand gently, several people pausing to admire her beautiful Jessica Simpson legs, her lovely large breasts encased in her tight thin T shirt, the sexy red hand-mark visible on her left butt-cheek, poking out from under her too-short shorts…

Finally we reached a large stage where several young women in tight T shirts stood lined up while an announcer called out,

“Okay let’s give a big redneck welcome to our next competitor!” into a microphone as he ushered the next girl in line over center stage. The girl was a pretty, petite young thing with perky little breasts and olive toned skin. “What’s your name, young ma’am?”

“Micah.” the young girl said.

“Alrighty little Micah, and what made you wanna compete in the wet T shirt contest today?” the announcer asked Micah.

“My dad wants me to win the free lawn mower.” Micah responded. The small crowd gathered before the stage laughed at this, the announcer turning to the audience, laughing with them. I nudged Shirley’s arm, and pointed something else out that she might not have noticed otherwise. Beyond the stage, in a corner of the tree-lined perimeter, there were indeed some teenaged boys who were standing on an unused amplifier behind the stage near the trees, pissing out onto a white target that they had laid out on the ground, cheering on the results.

“What do you say? Are you “man” enough to compete in that one? Or are you gonna take the lazy way out and show of your gorgeous tits in the wet T shirt contest?” Shirley danced in place rapidly looking at the long line of girls on the stage for the wet T shirt contest, before looking back over with envy as the boys just pissed and pissed away, cheering each other on. Shirley wanted to pee for sure, but with a whimpering, trembling voice she just said,

“i can’t do that. No way can I just do that in front of everyone.” she said to me.

“Do what?” I asked.

“I’m not just gonna expose my vagina and pee in front of everyone like that.” she turned to me, gripping my forearm tightly, curtsying up and down rapidly on the spot, bouncing like a bunny rabbit. “Alex, please let me just run back into the woods and relieve myself. Please Alex.” she pleaded. “I have piss like worst racehorse in West Virginia right now.” she said, gripping her pussy tightly her eyes welling with moisture. I didn’t fully get the logic of the metaphor, but her tone and bobbing posture said everything. I stared back at her, replying,

“The agreement was the agreement, Shirley. Dont disappoint.” Without out waiting a second longer, Shirley ran over to the line beside the stage of the wet T shirt contest, joining the other girls, but she couldn’t stop pee dancing in front of them, not anymore, nope, theres was nothing Shirley could do to stop prancing high-kneed like a horse, walking in circles in the line beside the girls. The other girls just stared at Shirley, one of the asking,

“Umm, what’s wrong?” they asked, with concern. Micah meanwhile was getting a round of applause as she did twirled on the stage, showing of her petite tits, visible through her now soaked t shirt. Shirley’s braless boobs bounced under her tight T as she looked back at the other girls in line, with pain in her eyes and voice and asked,

“Can I- Can I just go ahead of you girls? Like to the stage?” she said. The other girls stared back, one asking,

“Umm, why?”

Shirley shakily replied,

“I- I’m gonna piss myself.” as she danced in circles. The other girls rolled their eyes as the one in front gestured for Shirley to cut ahead. As Shirley quickly walked past the line of girls tot the stage, one of them muttered under her breath,

“Attention whore.” But Shirley paid no mind, her sole focus being on getting the contest over with so she could finally dash into the woods and pee. The crowd drank in the long gorgeous legs and bulbous tits of my sexy cousin Shirley as she walked across the stage to the announcer with as much composure as she could muster. As I watched with dozens of other West Virginians, Shirley’s cheeks flushed a hot red blush as she finally realized just how many eyes were on her. The announcer got a nice long look at Shirley’s big boobs as he turned back to the crowd announcing,

“Well well well, folks, it looks like we got a girl on scholarship for this contest! Look at this lovely little lady!” he said with glee. The crowd admire Shirley, but as soon as she reached the announcer and had nowhere further to walk, she immediately curtsied up and down on the spot, hunched over, before crossing her legs tightly, and forcing a smile on her face as she looked to the announcer. The announcer drank in the image of her ridiculous posture, then asked her,

“And what’s your name little lady? Jessica rabbit?” he joked. Shirley fought not to grab herself on stage, not in front of all of these people, instead, she just kept her long legs tightly crossed and replied a meek, “Shirley.” The announcer looked her up and down again.

“And Shirley, can I ask what’s up with your little Irish jig here?” he said, indicating her writhing, bouncing body. Her lovely tits bouncing under her tight T shirt. I expected Shirley to lie, to come up with some excuse, but she uttered into the microphone,

“I- I need to go to the bathroom.” Blushing an even brighter pink with embarrassment, Shirley looked mortified, ashamed of herself to pee so noticeably desperate in front of all these people, and to have admitted her desperate need as well. As much empathy as I felt for her however, I was also deeply turned on by the humiliating sights of my desperate cousin trying not to piss herself on the stage.

“Oh really now?” the announcer said with a mischievous smile as he turned to the crowd. “They did tell you this was the wet T shirt contest not the wet pants contest right?” he joked, interacting more with the audience than Shirley. He turned back to Shirley, asking,

“And what made you wanna compete in the wet t shirt contest today?”

Shaking, not knowing what to say, Shirley was apparently suddenly overcome with another spasm of desperation from her bladder, as she quickly reached down, clutching her crotch tightly, keeping her hand there, frantically telling the announcer,

“Please, I jut need to go to the bathroom, please.” in a truly desperate sounding voice. I could tell she was thoroughly embarrassed by her circumstances, but by god was going to stick to her agreement. People stared at my sexy cousin holding herself on stage, not knowing whether to laugh off her desperate frantic antics, or to try to stem their own arousal at the idea of seeing this soon-to-be wet lady, maybe also wet herself.

“Wow. Well you know there’s easier ways to go to the bathroom then to enter a wet T shirt contest.” the announcer said with a sarcastic tone of voice and a mischievous smile. Shirley turned to the side, apparently finding holding herself less embarrassing if the crowd couldn't see her hand. Instead, they saw her writhing twisting legs, rock hard calves flexing as her whole body fought to contain her urine for just a few minutes longer. Two guys from the side of the stage brought a big bucket of water over Shirley’s head as the announcer backed away.

Finally they poured it over her, soaking my desperate cousin from head to toe as she shuddered in response, holding her pussy through her now wet shorts with all her strength. If she’d been smart she may have pissed herself at this very moment and used the water as a disguise for her dirty deed, but as Shirley stood there shaking and trembling, water pouring down over her luscious body, I could tell she let nothing go, and remained as desperate as ever before. The announcer looked frustratedly at Shirley’s hunched over posture and said,

“Alright, come on now, let us get a look.” he said, motioning to her soaking tits. Shirley blushed and turned back towards the crowd as just then the sun emerged from behind clouds, casting direct light onto my cousin as though she were an angel. Her beautiful boobs showed so clearly through the tiny thin cotton of her T shirt that even the skin tones were clearly visible, almost as though she wore nothing at all, tan skin leading to pale triangles where her bikini line was, topped off cherry style with gorgeous red nipples, hard as glass in the country sunlight. The announcer just said,

“WOW! Folks, I think we may have a winner!” but Shirley couldn't stand around any longer, she had to pee right now, and she had earned it. Deciding finally that she’d either lived up to her end of the deal, or just couldn't afford to care any longer, Shirley frantically ran over to the back of the stage, and I shuffled past people in the crowd as I struggled to follow my cousin with my line of vision. She was headed in the direction of the woods were the teenaged boys were pissing onto the target. Startling the boys, without any announcement whatsoever, Shirley shoved one of them to the side as she unsnapped her daisy duke shorts. The kid reacted angrily for a second before he, and the others all turned to see this Jessica Simpson sexy country girl soaking wet beside them, her gorgeous boobs bouncing wildly in her wet T shirt.

“Huuuuuhhhhhhhh……” Shirley was whimpering frantically as she pranced past the boys, holding her shorts. I caught up to them as I saw her shoving past the boys, looking like she were going to dart out into the woods to pee finally. One boy was inspecting the target on the ground, and hadn't even noticed Shirley as finally, with rapid speed, she yanked down her shorts and panties and got them free of one of her legs as she planted both feet firmly on the amplifier around which they stood.

The boys behind her were caught mesmerized at the sight of her big sexy behind, that Kelsi Monroe ass, the red hand mark still clearly visible on her left butt cheek like a lipstick kissy mark, as without any warning at all, Shirley reached down to herself, gripping her pussy with two fingers in a V shape, as she stood tall on the amplifier, and let out a “AGGHHHHHHH!!!!!!” as her vagina SHOT OUT PISS like a FIREHOSE, straight out onto the small grassy clearing in front of her. Her face took on a look of near demonic anger as she PISSED as HARD AS SHE COULD out before her as these teenaged boys watched, captivated by the pissing Shirley.

The kid out in the field’s jaw dropped, nearly drooling as he watched hypnotized by Shirley’s pissing vagina, spraying urine wildly all over the place, missing the target, past the target, soaking the target, just pee spraying everywhere while my cousin stood there with her shorts and panties around one ankle, peeing standing up. The boy did something I never could have expected. He reached out into the air, touched Shirley’s spraying pee, and brought his fingers into his mouth, tasting her PISS!

I was momentarily disgusted, then envious, I wanted a taste too… “HUUHHHHAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!!!” Shirley continued to grunt and moan as she peed and peed out like a geyser erupting peeing everywhere, sending a mist of urine that coated the kids face by the target with a small sheen of girl pee. I approached just as Shirley’s stream died down to the volume of an open wine barrel, the contents pouring slowly out of her gorgeous blonde haired vagina as she looked over and made eye contact with me, huffing and puffing, struggling to catch her breath, sweaty faced, as her pussy just peed and peed away.

She made no move to close her legs or hide anything, from me or from the boys, either from not caring any more, or perhaps from never caring, proving indeed that she should be treated like one of the boys if she desired, and wasn’t going to be ashamed of her bodily functions if we weren’t. This turned out to be the case, as I learned upon politely averting my gaze away from her private parts as I approached her. My cock was dangerously hard in my pants.

“You see, this is the problem.” she said between breaths, still peeing. “You men have to make a big deal about girls peeing but you think you’re entitled just to whip out you cocks shamelessly and pee wherever you want.” she said. “Well guess what, I am proving that girls can be just like ya’ll if we want.” Her stream still going steadily, I looked out to the grass. The whole target had been painted yellow with Shirley’s pee, there was voluminous amount of pee everywhere. Glancing past Shirley, I could see at least two of the boys surreptitiously rubbing themselves through their pants as they stared at my pissing cousin. I was ridiculously aroused, but got wise in that moment as I just said to Shirley,

“You were amazing.” and left it at that. When Shirley finally finished up, none of the boys said anything to Shirley or I, probably thinking I was her boyfriend and that it would be unwise to make any lewd comments until we were out of earshot.

“What to do now?” Shirley asked. “Maybe we rejoin the others?” Her posture and body language was now completely relaxed and composed, and her shirt had begun to dry out now in the West Virginian sun. I desperately wanted to get away from her and masturbate, my penis was still so ridiculously hard from the culmination of the days events. I didn’t know what to tell her, but I just said,

“Look, go and find them and text me when you do to let me know where ya’ll are at? Im gonna get some trinkets to surprise you guys with over here…” I said, pointing to some booths that were selling honey, and birdhouses, and various other hand made items for sale.

“What? really?” Shirley said, sounding rightfully confused at such a bizarre prospect, us splitting up now after such a long day, but I truly couldn’t afford to care at that moment, I needed to jerk off, badly, and end my wicked arousal at last.

“Yeah. Really. I’ll catch up with you guys, I promise. Text me.” I said, as I walked away from her towards the stands. I didn’t know where I was gonna go, I only planned on waiting til she’d walked away and I could sneak back around to the port-a-potty line to get a free stall to jerk off in, however disgusting the stall may have been. I turned and looked over my shoulder. Shirley was no longer standing there, and so I walked back in that direction. My cock rock hard in my pants, I hoped no one noticed my painful erection as I shuffled past the crowd of families at the fair. I was so turned on at that moment, that I didn’t even notice when I finally bumped into… Maxine, looking up to me with surprise, then turning away with embarrassment.

“Alex! Hey!” she looked away from me sheepishly. “I just want you to know Im sorry about last night. I’m just super embarrassed.” she said.

“About what?” I asked.

“About, well, about… peeing in your tent. I’m so sorry.” she said, turning away from me, blushing. Her cute, petite body looked so sexy as she stood before me, crossing her arms.

“It’s not your fault, dont be embarrassed.” I said with genuine warmth in my voice as I reached out and touched her arm.

“Im embarrassed because I like you.” she said, turning and looking for a long silent moment into my eyes. Without waiting, I took Maxine by the hand and walked us both quickly past the port-a-potties, quickly through the trees where everybody was pissing. Men pissing here, further into the woods, a couple of squatting women there, further and further and further into the woods until Maxine and I were fully alone, and only then did I turn back round and face her. She looked at me a silent second before we began kissing, right out there in the woods. We made out for a long long while, as I reached down and slid my hand inside her shorts, in her panties, and inserted my finger into her tight little pussy, getting it wetter and wetter as I prodded her lips and located her little clitoris, giving it a good rub.

She moaned in arousal and tilted her head back as I rubbed Maxine’s innermost chamber with my hungry fingers. She backed away a couple feet, lost in arousal as she removed her shirt, showing off her petite little tits. I took this opportunity to unfasten my fly and drop my trousers, pulling my rock hard cock from my underpants as I began to jerk myself off a little bit. Maxine stared down at my manhood with lust as she quickly removed her own pants and walked back up to me, grabbing my hand and pulling it back towards her pussy.

I rubbed her soaking pussy again before turning her around, bending her over as she braced herself against a tree in front of her, and finally slid inside her. It didn’t matter that I was really completely turned on all day by Shirley and my cock was now entering the gloriously tight, wet walls of Maxine, I closed my eyes and pictured Shirley’s gorgeous, deperate facial expressions from throughout the day, the soaking bulbous tits, and that ASS, her magnificent ass with MY red hand mark, like a marker of my territory.

“Ohhhhhhh” Maxine began to moan as I thrust my hard cock in and out of her wet little hole. I looked down at the small of her back and where it met her cute little butt as I slammed and slammed into her little pussy from behind. “Fuck YESSS” she moaned, getting more and more into it as I humped this little teen mercilessly. I closed my eyes again, and pictured myself actually fucking Shirley from behind, not Maxine, but the idea of Shirley’s sexy ass on my cock was going to make me come too quickly, so I opened my eyes again and pulled out of Maxine. She turned back to me and kissed my voraciously with a deep and intense hunger.

“Come on! I’m not done yet!” she snapped with anger and lust in her tone. “I need to cum!” she said. I repositioned her flexible teen body, this time making her do the splits as I brought one of her legs in the air past my shoulder. She held onto a tree branch sideways as her other leg remained planted firmly on the ground. Her legs splayed wide and vertical, I slid my manhood back into her wet little tight pussy, and again began thrusting and humping away. Next I got her onto the ground and fucked her missionary style relentlessly for several minutes. She too closed her eyes in ecstasy as I fucked her, giving her the summer fuck she needed, as finally, and suddenly, her whole body started shuddering and vibrating like an earthquake as her eyes bolted open and she nearly screamed to me,

“Fuck I’m cumming! I’mmmm Cummmmingggggggg!” as her body continued to earthquake and soak my desperately hard cock. Once her climax had ended, I pulled out from her and jerked off until I came all over her cute little chest, using the mental image of pissing Shirley to finally send me over the edge, seining ropes of sticky white cum all over Maxine’s petite tits. She smiled as I came on her. After another twenty minutes alone in the woods, we reemerged, and only then did I notice that Shirley had texted me. We reunited with the rest of the family shortly thereafter, with neither me, nor Maxine, nor Shirley, ever again acknowledging anything that had transgressed over the past thirty six hours. We each got what we wanted that day, and the rest of the family trip proved to be pleasant, in uneventful.

I’ve never challenged Shirley to anything pee related ever again, but often relive the memories in my head of my sexy, bursting cousin.

THE END

COMMENTS/ FAVORITE PARTS ETC. APPRECIATED!

WILL WRITE FOR COMMISSIONS! CONTACT ME!

*027*2021-11-18 12:39

{{6 hours ago, orangelion said:

Hot story! I'm a little disappointed that Shirley did not leak at all because that is one of my favorite aspects of omo, but it just proves how strong of a will and bladder she has.

}}

The individual who commissioned this wanted Shirley not to leak at all, just get super desperate but be "strong enough" to hold out till ending.
