Omorashi and Desperation excerpts from Esgardum Legends.

Author: hirokun

*000*2012-09-28 19:34

I decided to do this because, why not? and it could get some popularity and exposure on here for my work. It will be various moments in the storyline from the first book to the third covering many themes of desperation, wetting, and all around potty humor.

Without further waiting, enjoy.

Excerpt #1: Contains Female Desperation with some leaking.

From: The Four Sinners: Chapter 2: The flight to the capital

Special Title: A desperate flight to freedom: Asami and her mother Minami.

What the characters look like: http://i157.photobuc...InColor2012.png

%http://i157.photobuc...miIkami2012.png

The Ishida family successfully was able to flee their village of Sakura by getting on the last hoverbus before it took off with enough refugees to get away from the fighting that broke out between the unknown invading army and the remaining villagers and the spillover of Kagemarian troops that were beat back into the village itself from further south where fighting was already going on.

A few hours into the trip, Akihito Ishida, (a teenage boy with reddish-brown short hair), while sitting with his father who was looking out the window lost in his thoughts, noticed something was odd about his twin sister Asami (who had beautiful red hair in the form of two long twin-tails with the rest of her hair dropping to her back in a nice point with teal ribbons and wore a severely cut yukata which was also teal. here eyes are a orange yellow) and his mother (who wore a deep red an black long sleeve Gi/Kimono hybrid which matched her long dark red hair perfectly) who were sitting across from them.

Asami was sitting perfectly still but looking down at her thighs and making a soft whimper. Every once in a while she would shift in her seat and then settle down again. Her mother was also doing this, but had her hand up to her face in a sort of worried expression looking around aimlessly every few seconds and another hand planted between her thighs while tapping her left foot rapidly. Akihito worried for his sister and mother had to ask what was wrong.

"Mom, sis, what is wrong? Are you two ok?" He asked them and started to get up and walk over.

Asami and her mother both got startled and stood straight up and because their bladders were pretty full, they leaked a bit. Their short skirts of their outfits couldn't hide the small dribble of urine that came out and left a small stain on the fronts of their clothes and left a few drops where they stood. Asami's breasts jiggled a bit when she shot up. She grabbed her crotch with both hands and bent forward and sat down quickly and looked ashamed. His mother had a shocked look on her face with her hand to her mouth and grabbed tightly on her crotch as well, sat down, and faced the window hold on very tightly now.

"Oni-chan please don't do that... I have to use the waste chamber... and I'm too shy to go and its getting unbearable now to hold it in. I don't even know if I can go... as I doubt we can ask to stop not at this time of war." Asami said once she as back on the seat again and fidgeted some more between pauses.

"You startled me son, and I'm sorry you have to see us like this... its unladylike of me and your sister to be seen this way. The thing is my son, is we have no idea if this hoverbus will ever allow us to stop to use the bushes and other scenery out there with all the violence and fighting going on now... I really don't know if we both can make it to the city as it will be another 4 hours. I am about to burst... and if I do... I'll cry." Akihito's mother replied and was now having both hands firmly planted in between her legs.

Just after they both said this, a male human merchant walked up to them and started to talk to them as Akihito was blocking the aisle.

"Hello! I overheard the two lovely yet desperate ladies here and I have a solution." The young man said.

"What are you, some sort of pervert? Gods! mind your own business... oh dear I need to calm down... I almost leaked!" Minami said angrily to the merchant.

"What? In All that is holy of Sema's being, I'm no pervert, I'm only here to help my fellow passengers for I just came from the back of the hoverbus as there is a place for you two to relieve yourselves. I just used it myself and its safe and clean."

"Oh wondrous Gods! A Waste chamber on here? Yay you hear that oni-chan? I'm going to be ok!" Asami jumped up and down and clapped with glee, yet she spurted a bit when she did so and screamed.

"Ieeyaah! Nooo! I going to pee like, right now!" She began to bend over and started to move out from the seat into the aisle and started to dance frantically with small hops and with her legs tightly close together with both hands deep in her crotch.The spurt of pee from seconds ago already dampened her yukata to a darker hue.

"Tanks so much sir. I'll repay you by buying from you." Minami said to the merchant as she started leading her daughter to the back while holding on to herself with the other hand.

"No problem the name's James Fitzpatrick, and I'm glad to help, as there is no need to have you two poor ladies in such distress. I could not just be idle and watch such misery come to you two. No ma'am!"

They both went to the back where there was a set of wooden seats with a lid to cover them. A sizable round hole in each led to the rapidly moving ground below the hovering vehicle.

Both women barely took off their dampened panties, Asami's being an orange like her eyes and her mothers a deep grey almost black, before they just instantly almost lost it, yet they sat down in time not to make mess of themselves or the floor in front of them. A steady yet load stream could be heard from both of them as they did not bother to close the door.

"Mommy, I hope this never happens to us again, yet it feels so great to finally be able to pee."

She said and closed her eyes and smiled as she continued to sit there and pee.

"Yes I agree my dear. We need to look around in our surroundings next time to avoid such an embarrassment."

Minami said to her relieved daughter and made a loud sigh of relief as well.

*001*2012-09-29 22:27

Excerpt #2: Contains Female Desperation, fear wetting, and surprise!

From: The Four Sinners: Chapter 3: A miko seeking a new rebirth.

Special Title: Masako's wet and frightful situation.

Masako was about done with her tasks for the day at the temple of Talia, the Goddess of Water and the Seas, and was ready to head home. She has long violet hair to her back and silver eyes and wore a blue and white shrine maiden's vestments over deep purple panties and wrappings for her large d cup breasts to flatten them a bit. The last time she used a latrine was before she arrived here early in the morning but she knew in the back of her mind she was good enough to wait till she got home. She was about to go change into her civilian clothes and out of her miko robes when a bunch of commotion was heard outside accompanied with shouting and screams in Kaganese (a language exactly like or similar to Japanese spoken in her world and nation).

Wondering what was going on. She headed to the front of the temple and saw a male temple server get shot with a high tech crossbow as he tried to leave and fell to the ground bleeding. Shocked and sacred for her life, she gasped and searched for a place to hide unnoticed. She ran back into the back rooms and saw saw that the priest's vestments trunk was still ajar from when he left earlier. Masako climbed inside and pulled as many vestments on top of her to hide her body from view in case someone were to open it.

She lay as flat as she could even though it was quite cramped in the trunk. She could hear the screams of the young women and men that were getting slaughtered by the mysterious invading army that attacked Sakura Village hours ago, though Masako wasn't aware of this.

As she continued to stay hidden and quiet, she could hear the heavy armored boots and the shifting of chain mail of the men walking around in the back rooms. Masako began to fear for her survival even more and thought began to endlessly fill her mind.

'Please oh great goddess! Don't let them find me in here. I do not wish to die or be their slave.'

As she was getting more and more frightened and worried, her bladder was starting to ache and quiver due to her nerves. It started to squeeze and contract and she started to move about in the cramped space.

'Oh no...not now... I must hold it until they leave. If they hear me pee or if I make any sort of noise... I'm dead for sure...!'

She started to prop up her knees and curled her back against the back wall of the trunk and grabbed her self with both hands squirming about.

'I'm so scared! I have to go so bad...why am I so unlucky?' she thought and started to let out a very faint whimper and two buds of tears formed in her eyes. She started to shake a bit.

The foot steps returned and it was in the room the trunk was in. Masako completely stiffened up and turned white like a ghost. A small amount of pee leaked out and dampened her panties and it glistened before the small shaft of light caused by the holes where the handles were put in before the fluid fully left a small damp spot.

'Nooo! I can't pee now he is just right over me...'

The Soldier turned and faced the trunk and stared at it for a moment then shrugged and then turned away and trudged on. Soon all the other soldier left and she was all alone...

*Phew* 'I thought he'd never leave. Oh no... It can't be not yet...I can't anymore...' "Ahhh no! Help me!! I can't pee not like this..."

Soon her panties began to dampen and then once they reached their capacity the pess started to shot out the sides of the panties and down infront of her, her miko dress was also getting wet. She continued to pee there steadily until the trunk opened.

Her eyes opened up wide and there was a reddish brown haired boy not much older older than her just as shocked as she was to find a girl hiding in a trunk socked with her own pee. It was none other than Akihito Ishida. Her eyes turned white and she passed out not before a large amount of her pee shot out all at once drenching her, the whole base of the trunk, and every garment inside.

When she came to, she was still in the trunk still damp but not soaked from earlier.

" you had such an ordeal.I'm sorry to have found you like that, but I heard your screams...and I had to come save you..."

Masako got very scared and threw a damp vestment at his face. "Aieee! Get away you...you monster! Don't even look at me!"

"Ugh pah!! what the hell?! That's the thanks I get for finding you? If you screamed a few minutes earlier, You'd been found by the invasion force and possibly taken away or worse killed."

"I'm sorry. I thought you were one of them...and I..." She turned away and blushed still embarrassed from her accident.

"Its ok...I'll go leave now so you can get changed and cleaned up."

"Thank you for finding me. My name's Masako." She got out of the trunk and the dampness started to drip off of her as she did a slight bow.

"Pleasure is mine, and please get changed, Its starting to smell."

"I'm sorry. I'll do that right away." She wandered off to where her spare clothes were when she was going to get changed and found them where they were but they were strewn about from the invaders. Luckily there was no damage to them besides a few wrinkles and she found a spare pair of panties along with them supposedly not hers, but her size.

'I guess I'm lucky after all ^.^! '

She tore some left over robes to clean off the pee from her legs and body but couldn't find any water to completely clean her self off,though its probably not something she could worry too much about that now that the city probably has fallen. She removed the wraps constricting her chest (which bounced back into their natural tear drop shape) and put on her purple tunic which matched her hair perfectly. The tunic had leather straps woven into the front and showed her impressive cleavage. He put on the new very light blue panties she found and then put on a pair of her two pocket tights. She then put her sandals back on and walked back out to meet the boy that found her.

"Wow you look er...um... different." Akihito turned bright red after seeing her new look and much bigger breasts due to her not wrapping them anymore.

"Yeah thanks... now lets make our escape... I'm done being a miko. From now on, I'm traveling with you because I owe you my life." Masako said to him and smiled.

"Sure thing we are heading to the emperor's palace." Akihito said pointing to it in the distance at the center of the city.

"We? Wasn't it just you that found me?" Masako asked him puzzled.

"Yeah, my friend James, is waiting for us at an entrance to the sewers.

'Great... from the frying pan into the fire...' she let out a huge sigh and bent over.

Masako after changing clothes: http://i157.photobucket.com/albums/t54/elementalhero76/Esgardum%20Art/MasakoMikamiInColor2012.png

