Marceline at the Beach (Adventure Time)

Author: gonne

*000*2015-04-27 04:59

So I've been getting into Adventure Time lately and while I haven't watched all the episodes yet I got a sudden urge to write a Marceline story after the episode "Marceline's Closet" where the boys hear her peeing from the other side of the bathroom door. It's not actually related to the episode mind you, but that is what got the cogs turning in my head. Hopefully I've done the characters justice with this one...

"So, the weather's supposed to for sure stay like this, right PB?"

Marceline turned her head to lazily stare at Finn, who was lounging on the beach next to her. Jake was sprawled in the sand next to him and Princess Bubblegum was on a fuzzy and slightly sticky pink towel a little further down where she'd set up an equally sticky, pink beach chair. Somewhere along the shoreline BMO was short-circuiting in the water, but they were all fairly certain s/he'd be fine.

The five of them had decided to have a beach day, but planning that around Marceline's aversion to sunlight had been fairly difficult. A sunny day at the beach was ideal to most, but Marceline was partial to not being turned into a smouldering pile of ash and as such her good sometimes-friend, Bonnibel, had scienced up a device to predict the weather. They'd found a nice cloudy day with little prospect of rain, and now Marceline was blissfully hat free and enjoying the dulled sunlight as best she could as she floated above the sand.

"Well, there is a 12% chance of the sun coming out, but it really was the best I could do this month. Sorry Marceline."

"Hey, I brought a hat," Marceline said. She pointed to a bag lying on the ground under her feet. "Like I ever go anywhere during the day without it. You know that, Bonnie." The bag also had her gloves, and, well, all her other clothes. She and the other two who actually bothered with clothes were all wearing their beach attire, which in her case consisted of a black bikini with skulls on it.

Yup, she was definitely feeling the skulls today.

Marceline put one arm behind her head and used the other to pick up the tomato juice she'd wedged into the sand. She sipped at it absentmindedly as Finn stretched. "Whelp," he said. "I'm going swimming. I think BMO might need some help anyway." Down by the water BMO was twitching and sparking. "Anyone coming with?"

"Count me in," said Jake and he unravelled himself from where he had been lying. "I think I'm getting bored of being lazy for now."

"I don't really feel like swimming," said PB.

"You guys go ahead. I'm enjoying the beach bum life," said Marceline. Finn shrugged and he and Jake ran energetically down to the water where Finn picked up BMO to be placed further away from the waves. Up in the dryer recesses of the sand, silence fell.

Marceline hadn't really thought that one through. She and Princess Bubblegum were now alone, and while they had been getting along better, their relationship was still rocky. She wasn't sure how she felt about that, but the thought was driven away by a twinge of hunger. Her tomato juice had run dry and Marceline floated over to rummage through the cooler so she could grab some more. She felt a twinge further down in her abdomen and was regretting not bringing along any non-liquid form of red to snack on. She was on her fourth glass already.

The clouds may have been obscuring the sun, but Marceline still found it irritating sometimes. After centuries of living with it she was very good at tolerating the constant itch it caused, but at the moment it was getting a little too irritating for her to relax. She backed up a little with a new glass of tomato juice and huddled under her parasol to ease the discomfort some. She glanced up at the clouds and noticed that the sky had gotten a little brighter.

There was a beeping to her left and Princess Bubblegum gave off a quiet, "Hm." Marceline peered under her parasol to see her friend fiddling with a beeping, whirring device that was about the size of her forearm. She was frowning.

"Lighten up Bonnie, you're here to relax. You do know what 'relax' means, right?"

This comment only earned Marceline a stern glare. "For your information, Marceline, I was just checking the weather. For you," she said. "I just thought the clouds were thinning a little and I wanted to check up on my weather machine."

Marceline felt a spike of nostalgia for the good old days when Bonnibel would worry needlessly for her. Back then she had found it endearing, but now she found it annoying. "Seriously? I don't need you to baby me. I'm used to unexpected changes in the weather and I can deal, okay? I've been away from you for how long now and I haven't shrivelled up or been roasted."

"I'm sorry, Marceline. But the clouds are going away," PB said. "I guess my weather machine wasn't as accurate as I thought."

Marceline glanced back at the sky, where it had gotten a little brighter but it was still cloudy. "I suppose your weather machine told you that, huh?"

"Weather is hard to predict."

Marceline sighed. As much as she hated to admit it, she trusted Bonnie and if her machine said the sun was coming, that was probably the case. "Whatever," she said. "I've got my parasol."

Just then a huge gust of wind blew over the beach, kicking up sand and ripping Marceline's parasol away from her. Marceline made a quick grab for it, but it was too late. The parasol was being carried away in the air and Marceline wasn't going to risk flying after it if she couldn't grab it in time. "Traitor!" she called after it.

She felt the sting of the sun beating through the thin clouds and thought it was probably a good idea to put on the rest of her clothes before the weather cleared up completely. She uncurled herself and made to reach for her bag, but before her hand made it to the leather strap, a falcon dropped out of the sky and snatched it away. It cawed and flew out towards the water at an impressive speed.

"Oh, come on!" Marceline yelled. Bubblegum was giving her a worried look and Marceline was seething.

"I suppose now we find shade," PB offered.

"Shut up."

They grabbed the rest of their stuff and headed a little further inland where there was a leafy tree sitting next to a slight cliff. Between the two of them it would provide a decent amount of shade when the sun came out, which was really all Marceline needed. She threw the cooler into the sand and leaned against the stony wall. Just then the last of the clouds cleared and Marceline was truly trapped. That was when she realised just how badly she needed to pee.

All that tomato juice had really caught up to her and now she had nowhere to go to relieve herself. The beach wasn't horribly crowded thanks to the previously cloudy weather, but there were still people around and things were sure to pick up now that the sky had cleared. Marceline groaned and flopped down in the sand, dropping her forehead to her knees.

"Oh, cheer up Marcy. I'm sure it won't last too long." PB was laying out her towel and chair in the shade and sat down, weather machine still clasped in her hands. She glanced down and frowned. "Oh. Never mind."

"Let me guess," Marceline's muffled voice said. "Clear skies for the rest of the day?"

"Ya."

"Great."

As Marceline shifted in the sand a little, Finn and Jake came running towards them from the water with BMO trailing behind. "Hey, we saw you guys moved," said Jake. "Is it because of the sun?"

"Ya, Marceline lost all her gear, so we're gonna hang out in the shade for a bit," Bubblegum said. She tried to smile reassuringly at Marceline, but the vampire turned her head to glare at the cliff.

"Aw, math! That could jack you up big time Marceline! Don't worry, Jake and I'll save you."

"How, by making the sun go away?"

"No, we're just gonna head over to your house and grab some junk. We'll be back soon, don't worry!" Finn ran off, still wearing only his swimsuit and Jake made quick pursuit. BMO stayed back.

"I'm going back to the water now," BMO said, before turning around and running back towards the waves. Marceline and Princess Bubblegum were once again alone, only this time Marceline found herself thoroughly distracted by the discomfort in her bladder. She grunted and pressed her knees together.

"Are you okay?" Princess Bubblegum asked.

Marceline was irritated, sure, but she wasn't one to let something like a little sunlight and a rapidly filling bladder ruin her cool demeanour. "I'm fine Bonnie, relax," Marceline said as she rolled her eyes. Besides, she didn't have to go that badly just yet. She could hold it.

But Marceline was fully aware of just how far away she lived and the fact that Finn and Jake were bound to be gone for a while. She leaned against the cliff behind her and relaxed in the shade while Bonnibel did whatever crazy research it was she considered to be relaxing. She'd certainly brought an unusual amount of test tubes with her for a trip to the beach.

As they waited, Marceline's need grew. She'd gone from casually leaning back, to strumming guitar chords in the sand to distract herself. She began tapping her foot to an imaginary beat, but the truth was she just couldn't sit still. The sound of the waves further down the beach certainly wasn't helping matters.

Her bladder had been throbbing constantly for the past twenty minutes. Suddenly she was hit by a wave of desperation that caused her to gasp and hunch forward, her hand flying to her leg and grinding a fistful of sand into her thigh. She clenched tightly to ride it out, but PB had definitely noticed the change in Marceline's demeanour.

"Is something wrong?" she asked.

"I'm fine," Marceline ground out. She was still trying desperately not to wet herself, but the urge was fading. She relaxed a little and looked over at Bubblegum, who was frowning at her.

"You're not fine. What's bothering you?"

"Really, it's nothing you need to worry about," Marceline said.

"Well, whatever it is, maybe I can help!"

"I doubt it."

"Marceline!"

Marceline threw the sand she had been clenching in Princess Bubblegum's direction, but the wind caught it and whisked it away before it could do any damage. "Fine! I have to pee, okay?" she said. She rolled her eyes when she saw the look of comprehension on PB's face.

"Oh... Well how long are you going to be able to hold it?" It was just like Bonnibel to put all the pieces together and realise that Marceline was really quite desperate now. And with the toilets on the other side of the beach...

Marceline was hit with another wave of desperation and hunched inwards. Her hands went to her lap though she refused to actually grab herself. The beach was much more crowded now and it would be super embarrassing for Marceline the Vampire Queen to be seen holding herself like a little girl. She was over a thousand years old after all, though not by much. When the urgency eased up a bit Marceline growled. "I don't know. Definitely not long enough for Finn to get back with my stuff."

"Hm..." Bubblegum was looking around their shaded hideout, but after a moment gave up. "There really isn't any privacy here," she concluded. Marceline snorted. Like she hadn't noticed that already.

"I'm just going to have to hold it, alright? I don't really have a choice."

"If you insist." Bubblegum went back to her science and Marceline shifted position so that she was sitting on her knees. Her thighs were pressed firmly together and this way her legs weren't pushed uncomfortably against her bladder. She wedged her heel discreetly against her urethra, which seemed to work as a replacement for holding herself, but her knee was jiggling urgently. Those boys really needed to hurry up.

She stayed like that for a while, riding out a few rolling waves of desperation. They were getting closer together now and Marceline was having a very hard time getting her mind off of it. Then she was hit with such an intense urgency that she couldn't stop a small spurt from jetting out of her and soaking the inside of her bikini bottoms. She hissed and clenched until she was sure no more was coming, but the fact that she was slowly losing control was undeniable.

Princess Bubblegum turned when she heard the angry noise Marceline had made and watched as the desperate vampire slowly regained her composure. "Are you still sure you can hold it?" she asked.

"I never said I could hold it," Marceline growled. "I said I didn't have a choice."

"I'm sure I could come up with something to-"

"I don't need your help!" Marceline bared her pointy teeth in a menacing sneer. She didn't need Bonnibel hovering over her shoulder. That wasn't her place anymore.

"Fine, be that way." Bubblegum huffed and began fiddling with her weather machine some more.

Marceline tried to ignore both PB and the insistent screaming of her bladder. Her tired urethra leaked again and she felt a slight wetness against her foot. Sitting on her heel wasn't going to be enough anymore. Her hands clenched and unclenched as she realised she really needed to hold herself. She just didn't want anyone to see her doing it. Marceline did the only thing she could think of in the moment.

She turned invisible.

Princess Bubblegum looked over at where Marceline was, but she didn't comment. Instead she rolled her eyes and went back to her science. Marceline crammed her hands in between her legs and bounced up and down a bit. She couldn't believe how badly she needed to pee. It was unbearable.

Holding herself wasn't helping as much as Marceline would have liked. She was able to stave off a few more leaks, but it wasn't long before a slight dribble made its way onto her fingers. She groaned and pressed against herself even harder to keep all of her urine inside.

"I can still try to think of a-"

"No!" She wasn't getting Bonnie's help with this. Besides, it was embarrassing enough without having to hear Bonnibel problem solve her need to pee.

But Marceline was quickly losing control. There was a hiss as urine sprayed between her fingers and Marceline watched in horror as a few drops of urine materialised a few inches above the ground before falling into the sand. She was able to stop the spurt but it was painful. If she lost control like this there would be a visible stream of urine coming out of nowhere. She moaned and shifted her weight back and forth between her knees. Another spurt escaped and dribbled to the ground and Marceline knew she was fighting a losing battle.

When another jet of urine shot out of her Marceline did her best to clamp down on it, but only succeeded in stopping it for a second before another spurt escaped. She watched as jet after jet of urine sprayed to the ground from her invisible urethra. She couldn't stop herself from peeing!

Marceline quickly dropped her butt into the sand as her bladder let go with a forceful hiss. She moved her hands out of the way and watched as a heavy stream of urine sprayed out of nowhere, directly into a rapidly growing puddle in the sand. Luckily the dry sand was soaking up Marceline's pee thirstily, but the fact that she was peeing publically did not escape the embarrassed vampire. She felt herself relax as her overstretched bladder emptied itself with vigour. It felt incredible.

Unfortunately Marceline's accident was not going unnoticed by Princess Bubblegum, who had turned towards the sound of hissing urine. She didn't look embarrassed for Marceline, but rather was eyeing the spray of urine with a pitying expression.

Eventually the heavy stream died down and an embarrassed Marceline let the last few seconds of urine dribble out of her into the sand. The puddle she had made was about the size of a basketball due to the sand not being able to soak up her urine as fast as she had been expelling it. Luckily it appeared to be quickly soaking into the ground now and Marceline was left sitting invisibly on an indent of wet sand. She quickly reappeared to cover it up, though she was positive her face had turned a delicious shade of red.

"You should have let me help," Bubblegum said.

"Ugh, shut up." Marceline quickly swatted some dry sand over her accident and shuffled back against the cliff.

Luckily, by the time Finn and Jake returned, Marceline's bikini had dried and she was able to dust off the sand that had stuck to her previously wet bottom and thighs. Bonnie was the only who knew of Marceline's embarrassing incident, or at least that's what Marceline hoped.

Who knew what a casual observer might have seen.

*002*2015-04-30 03:55

I've never done Adventure Time fanfiction before, so I'm glad you think so. Thanks :)

