Trainer Wetting

Author: RobotRemote

*000*2011-05-24 15:27

I didn't have enough time (1 Hour) to do this, sorry for its shortness.

"Ohh..." Dawn moaned as she tried to open the bathroom door, with her legs in order to lessen her urge, ash saw another bathroom, he showed dawn, "Look! its a girl bathroom!" it was a mile away.

"Ahh" she said as an urge hit her bladder, she took baby steps there, thinking "Yes! Im gonna make it!" But that was some wishful thinking, while there were walking, she doubled over, hands between legs and legs smashing together, Ash said "Were nearly there!"

Dawn's breath quickened as she stood up while a wet spot grew, she took baby steps there, she saw that the door said "Female, non-trainers" Dawn curled up into a ball and held on for all she was worth.

"Now theres no way ill make it now. :( " She said, but then she realised that there was a mens room and saw that it was a non-trainer one too! she squirted in her panties, she squealed as her legs smashed together and her legs/ankles crossed together.

Ash was worried cause he suddenly wanted to pee too! he had his hands on his crotch, of course, they found a trainer bathroom, but the female stall had a note, it said "Sorry, not useable, tough luck Dawn"

Dawn's wet spot grew even more as she squirted even more in her panties, Ash found a mens room, but it said the same, Ash squirted just as much as dawn did, his wet spot was as big as his hand. It stained his blue jeans.

They had to go in the handicapped bathroom, but there was no bathroom, they were locked in by giovanni.

Ash looked for a way out, then said "There's no way out!" so there was a urinal, but there were too high, so they had no choice, they knelt down and made a 4 foot puddle.

They looked at each other.

"Dawn, no one is gonna know about this right?" Dawn said "Right." But then Brock came in, he had heard about all this. and then they realised they had to clean it up, what a shame.

THE END

Remember, I didn't have enough time (1 Hour) to do this, sorry for its shortness.

