Resident Evil: Finality

Author: OmoCommando

*000*2012-06-24 06:24

My first fanfic. Capcom's characters, my story. Jill Valentine and my own new character track down a hidden Umbrella research facility previously unheard of and arrive to discover a room covered in blood but......

Another bolt of lightning lit up the room. Jill and her new partner, a man with short, dark hair that was only known by his codename, “Lark.” had been standing in the facility lobby for at least fifteen minutes, just staring at the massive amounts of blood that blanketed the floor and walls, but no bodies. The two BSAA agents had been fighting Umbrella’s monstrosities long enough to know what this was sign of.

“Lark...” Jill started to say.

“I know. Looks grim.” Lark answered her, knowing what was on the woman’s mind.

“Let’s see what information we can gather.” Jill lead her partner through the darkened halls, which reeked of rotting flesh. As she walked, Jill felt her boot step into something very squishy. She grimaced, then decided not to look at what she stepped in. The further the duo went, the darker the halls became. Jill pulled out her M92F handgun and switched on the light that was attached to the barrel. As she shined the light through the hall, she found an abundance of half-eaten, dismembered bodies.

“I think we can confirm the presence of the T-virus here...” she said, trying not to gag. Even after the Arklay Mansion, and witnessing the horror that was the Raccoon City outbreak, the sight of ripped-up corpses never got any less repulsive.

“Jill! Over here.” Lark located a large metal door, reinforced by several magnetic locks. The label on the side of the door read “Administration Office.”

“Good job, partner. Should be some answers in here.” Jill complimented the man. Jill put her PDA up to the card reader, which worked to fabricate a card code and let the two in. The door slid open, Jill and Lark moved in with their weapons at the ready, prepared to shoot anything moving. Nothing. The bodies of four researchers were here, but unlike the maimed ones outside the office, these bodies were still intact. One had a bullet wound in his chest, and the other three looked as if they were physically assaulted.

“What happened to them?” Lark asked.

“Don’t know. This isn’t the work of zombies. Someone attacked and killed them for something.” Jill moved to one of the computers in the various cubicles and begun to access the facility database. Her old code she found in Raccoon City still worked, and she was able to find some useful information. “Just what I thought. Command.” Jill turned on her headset. “We have a situation in the Umbrella Facility here. Reports were correct. They are definitely studying more T-virus applications here.”

“Understood. Anything else?”

“We may have an outbreak. We found a number of bodies that looked... eaten, and there are some researchers that were killed by gunshots and physical trauma.”

“Good work, ms. Valentine. Continue your investigations and report back anything else you deem relevant. Command out.”

Searching for more info within Umbrella’s archives, Jill found a file of interest. There was apparently a project underway on the development of a new bioweapon that went under the name of the T-201.

“Another new Tyrant...” Jill whispered.

Every step was filled with fret, never knowing when a flesh-hungry zombie would pop out and take a bit out of you, but Jill knew she had to keep her cool and show her partner that she was willing to do whatever it takes to end Umbrella’s bioterrorism career. Continuing down the hall, Jill and Lark came to a lab of some kind. Glass cases filled with different colors of fluid lined the walls, and tables stacked with papers and files in the middle.

“Lark, go check in that office for anything.” As he walked into the office, Jill was about to skim through some of the documents until the lights went out. “Damn it... why?” She cursed. Jill reached for her light again but her hand stopped and rested on the gun when she began hearing footsteps coming toward her. They were irregular in pattern, followed with some erratic breathing.

“Lark?” Jill then heard a sickly moan come from whatever was behind her. On reflex, she drew her gun turned on her light, and came face to face with the decayed, pale face of zombie. It grabbed her around the neck and opened its mouth. Jill put her arm out to try and stop it, but the creature’s mouth kept coming closer. Her heartbeat grew fast and Jill tensed, closing her eyes, prepared for the inevitable doom, when she heard several loud bangs! Her undead assailant was knocked back as it took several rounds to its shoulder, and then another to the head. The zombie fell to the ground, twitched twice, then returned to its necrotic state; the way the dead were meant to be.

“You okay?” Lark asked.

“Yeah... thanks.” Jill responded. There was little time for rest though. In mere seconds, the room became filled with moaning and squishy footsteps, becoming more and more numerous with each moment that passed. “RUN!” Jill yelled. The two agents made a dash for the door, but when they brought their lights up, they saw the way blocked by what seemed like hundreds of zombies. Lark fired twice and brought two zombies down, but Jill quickly stopped him from firing anymore. “It’s no use! There’s more of them than we have bullets! Conserve your ammo for when you need it the most!” Jill lead her partner through another door on the other side of the room. She shoulder tackled one zombie as another came from the side. She delivered a swift kick into its gut sending it stumbling back into three more zombies. Lark made it the door and pressed the panel to open it.

“Come on!”

Jill sprinted through the door way, and Lark closed it just as he made it inside. The two heaved a huge sigh of relief.

“All right, we’re going to have to find a different way out.”

Jill and Lark continued on through the facility, discovering more labs with plenty of T-virus material present. The search had been long, and it had been a while since they ran into a zombie, but humans had bodies with needs. Jill was getting hungry, and the tendons in her legs were getting sore. I’m getting older than I thought. More than that, her bladder had begun sending signals to her brain that it was that time. Jill pushed all her urges aside though, knowing that much was riding on her mission. Jill and Lark stepped into another nearby room, which was filled with complex machinery and transparent tubes of mysterious yellow fluid. Jill watched the liquid flowing through, which only served to increase her desire to empty her bladder. The tubes led to a single location. A large glass container with a gigantic, pale humanoid inside. It was masculine in appearance, but its left arm was mutated into a hideous slashing weapon.

“Well Lark, meet you first Tyrant.” Jill didn’t need to search for a computer to confirm it. She had seen numerous versions of this creature and knew what one looked like.

“You okay?” Lark asked. “You’re looking a bit... uncomfortable. I thought you’ve faced these things before.”

“It’s not that... I...” Jill hesitated. “Never mind. Let’s keep moving. I think if we search deep enough we might find-”

“Ms. Valentine! What a pleasure it is to see you again.”

Jill knew that voice. That cocky British accent that sounded as if he was the most superior being alive. Jill turned around to see a blonde man with his hair styled back, dressed in a dark leather suit, and sported polarized sunglasses, even though the room was already quite dark. “Wesker!” She hissed.

“I thought you died fighting Nemesis. Good to see you survived. It gives me the pleasure of killing you myself.” Wesker grinned and cracked his knuckles. At super human speed, he charged the woman intending to kill her with a single blow, but her partner acted on instinct, firing his weapon at Wesker, causing him to slow down just enough that Jill was able to dodge the thrusting punch of Wesker’s arm. Jill then aimed her weapon and fired at Wesker, but with reflexes beyond that of normal men, he dodged every bullet, moving faster than the human eye could track.

Wesker then appeared right in front of Jill, striking her in the cheek and then kneeing her in the lower abdomen. Jill bent over but also felt a spurt of warm fluid hit her panties and travel down her leg. Lark then fired again to try and draw Wesker off. Wesker ran over to Lark, kicked away his weapon, and the two engaged in close combat. Lark threw a kick to Wesker’s lower body, but it was blocked easily. Hitting that arm was like kicking a steel wall and it hurt. Lark then tried to deliver a solid punch at the man. Wesker caught the fist in his own hand, then sent his foe flying with a open-palm strike. Lark crashed hard into the case containing the Tyrant, and the glass cracked a little.

Jill picked up her weapon again and fired at Wesker. Every bullet was evaded in an eye blink with the dark clothed man moving from place to place instantaneously. Jill continued to fire her weapon until the next time she pulled the trigger, no loud bang followed. Jill frantically continued to pull the trigger to no avail. Wesker grinned as the woman began checking her weapon. He charged at her, but much to even his surprise, Jill side stepped Wesker’s strike, drew her switchblade and cut him in his right shoulder.

Wesker felt the wound and wiped off the blood that seeped from it. “Lucky hit... You’ll pay for that!” Wesker drew his own handgun, his old samurai edge from his time in S.T.A.R.S. He took quick aim at Jill and fired. Jill dived out of the way barely missing the bullet. Wesker fired again, and Jill managed to avoid that one two... but that last bullet instead hit the Tyrant’s tank, shattering the glass, and a very menacing bioweapon staring down three possible victims. As Lark recovered from his wound, he stared at the hulking white humanoid with widened eyes. It’s horribly mutated left arm had enough spikes to impale five people with one swing.

Jill turned to face the other threat, but Wesker had already vanished. The Tyrant took a step toward Jill. Then another. It continued to advance on the woman’s position, making it low sounding groan that was felt more so than it was heard. Jill never expected to have to face one of these things again. She was backed into a corner. Her knife gone, her gun empty, Jill had noway of stopping this monster from killing her. She was so frightened, she failed to notice the flood of urine that was soaking her tan pants. It came out in gushes, Lark could see a stream falling from the crotch of Jill’s pants. On the metal floor a yellow puddle formed and expanded under the woman’s feet.

The Tyrant raised its weapon of an arm, poised to kill, until Lark bravely jumped on the creature’s back, jammed his gun into its neck, and emptied every last round into it. The Tyrant roared loudly and began shaking back and forth. Lark tried to hold on but the monster was simply too strong. He was sent flying and hit the floor hard, rolling down until he collided with a wall. Jill quickly ran over and helped him back up. With ammunition expended, the BSAA agents had no way of protecting themselves against such a formidable foe. They quickly jumped out the window of a nearby office, falling nearly three stories until crashing to the ground. The two panted heavily, exhausted from fighting two nigh unbeatable opponents. Lark looked over at Jill’s wet pants.

“What happened?” he asked.

“Just...” Jill panted, “...shut up...” She turned on her headset. “Command. This is Jill Valentine. The facility is compromised, all relevant data gone. It was Wesker. There’s a new T-100 loose in there as well. Recommend heavy weapons.”

