Lady Beverley has to suffer in discipline

Author: Peter-P

*000*2021-10-03 00:17

Lady Beverley has to suffer in discipline

###

Lady Beverley lived in a small town in a large house with a large garden and estate. It was a time when the ladies of high society wore hourglass corsets and tight dresses. It was also true that there was no plumbing in the house. The maid had to fetch water from a pump in the courtyard. Also in the courtyard was a privy with a heart-shaped hole in the top of the door. There were chamber pots in the bedroom for peeing at night and in the morning before getting dressed.

Lady Beverley was married to the honourable Lord Chiseller who loved his wife – especially her wasp waist and her ability to hold her pee for ages as she never compromised him by her need to pee in social situations. He sometimes only found out about her condition when she was supposed to be performing her marital duties to him. Often she had a rock hard and extremely swollen belly all night long. But it was a time when even couples did not talk about bodily functions. And Lady Beverley was able to handle the situation and hold back her pee all night long – after a long day of holding back her pee.

Lord Chiseller then liked her so tight vagina, and her rock-hard belly was a cushion for him not to collide with her hips. When she had a full bladder, she was very sensitive, both about her bladder pain and her feelings of love. So the Lord would demand her to the marriage bed when he knew she had held back her pee for a really long time. Lady Beverley feared and liked these situations at the same time, but she always kept all her pee in while she was with her Lord.

Now it is late spring, let's say May, and there are many guests in the house. Lady Beverley woke up late, skipped her so urgently needed morning pee – as she often did. Her maid Amelia always emptied her chamber pot in the morning and evening, but Lady Beverley often used her pot instead of the toilet in the courtyard because her upbringing made her dislike the so openly visible wooden house with the heart in the door. No one was supposed to know about her peeing, only her maid knew about it by her work – but just afterwards.

So Lady Beverley today held in her night pee all day long, drank a lot and the meal in the garden filled her guts and bladder to a level even she reached just very very seldom in her life. But Lady Beverley had small talk to everybody and was a good hostess. She was part of the upper society by her husband's position, so she had to support her social engagements. Lady Beverley knew she had to hold her pee in as ever and she was used to suffer any torture for it – as long as it was needed. Her strong bladder was used to this plight and she ever coped with such situations properly – not letting anybody know about her state, not even by her body language.

When she needed to pee that extremely bad like now, she tried to prevent anybody from thinking about she would hold her pee. She then deliberately did all the in such a situation so cruelly painful movements like standing up and sitting down, moving around in a (still discrete) female way, and so on. And she did not stop drinking then either – just to prevent anyone from getting suspicious or anyone from suspecting anything at all. She was used to such situations regularly and her bladder was strong and healthy (her kidneys were not causing any problems either, but nobody thought about her kidneys).

It was getting late and some of the guests decided to stay the night. Amelia, the maid, had a lot to do and showed the rooms to the overnight guests. She herself – as so often also had a bursting bladder for at least 12 hours and she knew, she had to work not to pee now. She had the advantage not to drink much while serving, because she had to do so much today. But Amelia's bladder was in bad pain and it was difficult to prevent bending forward with the service tray full of glasses when she had major spasms all 5 minutes. But also Amelia was used to hold her pee all day long. That was those days time and the way she had to live and so she lived this way. Pain and cramps was just a matter of habit, practice and discipline!

When Lady Beverley left the party, it was long past midnight and all women had disappeared, except the poor still bravely serving maid. Just the men sat there drinking and laughing. Lady Beverley's social plight ended and she left for her room. She still could not use the lavatory, because the courtyard was crowded and the drunken men by the time would have pissed onto the seat anyway. Lady Beverley looked for her chamber pot in an extreme hurry now. But it was not in her room. One of the guest ladies would have needed it urgently and would have stolen it to prevent a disaster in her own clothes. That was pure horror to Lady Beverley! She held her pee in all night, skipped her morning pee, lived with the pain all day and half of the night and with all the drinks, she felt a stinging pain inside her bladder for hours and hours, her belly nearly split apart and no facility to relieve. OK, the lavatory, but it was no chance to use it discretely this time...!

So Lady Beverley took off her tight clothes, normally her maid Amelia had to help her, specially with the at her back laced extremely tight corset, but Amelia still served the guests. So Lady Beverley did not ring for Amelia, but nearly broke her arms to open the corset herself anyhow. Ohhhhh, what a relive: the pressure subsided. It was such a good feeling – even when her bladder started bulging out about 4" (10 cm) now. How had she needed this space all the hours. This now was a pressure she could cope with again. Lady Beverley lay onto her bed and fell asleep the same minute.

Lady Beverley woke up several hours later, her belly aching terribly. She had dreamt of herself exploding, but what she saw here in the moonlight was really cruel: her bladder had expanded even more after the corset had been loosened, and because she was used to the regular pain and her current situation was much better than all those hours before, she had not woken up earlier. But now her bladder was the size of a melon and growing even more, as she realized a little later... Lady Beverley wanted to scream in agony and panic, but could not make a sound.

She was paralyzed – lying there minute after minute, hour after hour, watching her bladder slowly grow more and more. She thought about getting up, but then what could she do...? The pot was stolen, the guests in the courtyard were still drinking and laughing – and she was actually without her dress and would not be able to get dressed without any help – especially now. She looked like she was pregnant and could not go out like that. Unacceptable in every way !!!

Lady Beverley was in sheer mortal fear and nearly unable to even breath in this state. Her bladder now had grown up to about 8" (20 cm) prominent. She just lay on her bed like paralyzed and waited about what would happen... It was 4 a.m. now, she was dead tired and in such a horrible pain and torture she had never felt before. Her bladder once grew up to 5" (12 cm) and she needed the help of her maid, because she could not sit down anymore – what a terribly disgracing moment...!!! And she knew, that her brave maid that time also needed to pee really bad, she not even could stand still, when Lady Beverley peed into the pot, Amelia held for her. But Amelia had helped her and never talked about it. This girl of by the time 25 years was a really good maid.

Lady Beverley actually was in the worst trap ever. She would explode and die any minute if she could not release theses oceans of pee inside her. She could not move anymore. She had no pot, she could not use the facilities in the courtyard – unthinkable to do so in front of any guests. She could just wait and pray for a miracle...

The sun rose, the house was quiet, but every second anybody else could stand up and our poor, but extremely brave Lady Beverley still could not go out of her chamber...

Then some hectic rush in the floors. It was Sunday morning – time for church...! Oh my God, how should she go to church in this state???

Amelia knocked on the door and entered. She saw Lady Beverley lying on her back on the bed, her heavy feather bed on the floor (so as not to press on the Lady's stomach), and the Lady's belly looked like she was heavily pregnant. Amelia herself had done the washing up and prepared breakfast after finishing her duties that evening. She was extremely tired and herself had not been able to go to the loo for more than 24 hours now. Instinctively she knew what must have happened, but she was shocked at her mistress' condition! "It's time for church! – And we're already late, Milady!" said Amelia.

The etiquette of the time forbade her to speak of the situation so openly visible... Lady Beverley did not like to talk about her predicament either, and so Amelia only helped her Lady to get up from the bed. Sheer pain filled the eyed of both of them. Amelia was still holding her morning pee of yesterday and she had had a day and a night of hard work. Now she was lifting her Lady partly out of bed, which was actually almost too much for her poor bladder. And Lady Beverley had to sit and stand up and get ready for church anyway. Her extreme bladder was taking her breath away, spasms in her lower body and cramps in her legs every 5 minutes. Amelia also had spasms in her bladder every few minutes. She had not been drinking that much and her bladder did not have room to expand so extremely, but she suffered like her mistress at night when she went to bed.

Lady Beverley had to be quickly prepared for church. Where was the chamber pot? Amelia bent down in great pain to get the pot out from under the bed. She thought her Lady would have been unable to pick it up with such a ballooned bladder, but the pot was not there. "Someone will have taken it away!" Lady Beverley said under her breath. She almost cried, but somehow prevented it. "I will not have time for this, we'll hurry to get me dressed for church!" she heard her voice continue. That was the only thinkable solution actually. Peeing from an overfilled bladder took a lot of time, which they did not have. The pot was gone, the courtyard was crowded and it was socially unthinkable to be late for church. Better to risk death than to damage the family's honour!

Amelia had a lot of work to do to get Lady Beverley into the strong corset. She stood at the pole and held herself at the pole, while Amelia did her best. The laces ware too short and Amelia took some reserve laces to tie the top and bottom part separately. Lady Beverley was in hell. She could not stand the pain, but was paralyzed by it and her maid – herself with an almost exploding bladder – was struggling and fighting with the laces. She first prefixed the middle gap of the hourglass corset. Then she tried to tighten the upper body part of the corset. Even that was too much for Lady Beverley, but she fought the faintness. Gallons of sweat poured from the skin all over her body. But unfortunately this sweat did not relieve the load from her bladder...

Then Amelia took strong belts to squeeze Lady Beverley's belly and then alternately tightened the laces again. After some time – both women were sweating and in extreme pain – the task was completed anyhow. Lady Beverley was in her hourglass corset with the "preventer", as she herself called the lower front and the belt. The belt was fastened through her parted legs and at the lower back with full force. No chance of undoing it herself. The "preventer" helped to prevent her bladder from becoming visible, when it had grown too large under her sometimes (very often) extreme load. And it prevented her from peeing and also from the idea of reaching between her legs. She never did so – she was too well behaved to even wiggle in her chair when she was in extreme pain and feared losing her water...

The pain now reached new dimensions far beyond anything she had ever experienced. But Lady Beverley knew she had to endure it, no matter how and for how long. There was no excuse, she just had to do it...!

They went down the stairs anyway. Amelia was also on the verge of peeing after this hard work and she was a strong and very brave maid. Her beautiful face looked pale, but she would have to endure the situation. She had never seen such an extremely filled bladder. Even though she was used to seeing extremes in her Lady, and she often thought of her abilities when she herself had to pee urgently. Lady Beverley could handle every situation.

The carriage was already waiting, next to and behind the carriages and carts (2-wheeled horse-drawn carriages) of the guests. Lady Beverley tried to look as normal as ever. Her pale face was covered with powder and it was a long night. Anyhow she got on the carriage with the help of her husband. No one suspected anything about her condition... Then they tried to drive as fast as possible in order to still be at church despite the morning's delay. They drove over hill and over rough and smooth. Potholes hit the passengers in the carriage hard, but it was necessary. Lady Beverley suffered secretly. Sweat soaked her clothes. Amelia and some of the other women were also suffering really bad. But no one had such a overfilled and then additionally compressed bladder as Lady Beverley. Amelia was also way ahead of everyone else. She held her wee for much longer than 24 hours, while all the others – except Lady Beverley – had found an opportunity to powder their noses at least once.

They still reached the church in time anyhow, got out of the carriages and traps and Lady Beverley had trouble standing up and getting out of the carriage. The many potholes had hurt her bladder even more and she no longer had the strength to withstand this extreme pressure for more than a minute or less. Her husband gallantly helped her out of the carriage. It was one of those rare moments when he thought she might have a rock-hard bladder again – and he loved it!

Today's church service was special because the bishop himself would be present and no less than 5 children would be baptized today. Also the sermon would also be extraordinary and extra long today.

Lady Beverley now remembered about this and she could not imagine being able to hold that big melon of a rock-hard bladder in her far too tight hourglass corset for hours and hours. Just a few seconds, maybe a minute or two would be possible – but she knew she was not allowed to let go in church or her family would be disgraced for all time and condemned to hell. What a wonderful time that must have been, her grandmother told her about when she was a little girl. Loose crinoline dresses with no underwear, no hourglass corsets, just comfortable corsets that held the body – that's how she thought: nothing pressing on the bladder and a clear path to pee under the crinolines. Stop! Do not just think about it – and this even in church...! She would rather suffer hell now than be condemned to hell for wetting the holy church...!

After hours and hours, the church was over. Lady Beverley had cramps all over her body: bladder, intestines, thighs, calves, lower back and back, even her neck and head hurt terribly. But a Lady does not show that, she just has to look graceful and suppress her bodily functions until she is back home and finds some private moments.

Lord Chiseller led his guests back to his house. Their servants loaded all the luggage onto the carriages and it was a long goodbye for everyone. Lady Beverley was dying while waiting longer and longer. She was at the end of her tether, almost dying or exploding. She was terrified of letting go, and she was terrified – even after the horrible drive through all the potholes – she had terrible fear of really exploding in the next second. The pain was unbearable.

After all the guests had gone, Lord Chiseller had a surprise for his wife: Amelia would pack a large picnic basket and they would ride in the trap to the glade, a meadow in the middle of the forest with a beautiful gurgling and splashing rivulet. Lord Chiseller wanted his old coachman and Amelia to come along, and later they would have a private picnic while coachman and maid waited nearby with the horses and trap, a few minutes along, down the stream, but not visible or able to hear them..

Amelia seemed to panic when she heard, she would again refused to let her waters out. Just the idea of sitting at the rivulet, gurgling and splashing, while she has to sit next to the old coachman and not be able to let her own rivulet flow after then being without any relief for almost thirty to forty hours... She secretly looked at Lady Beverley, who was in pain and strain and effort far beyond belief – only understood her husband's words after some delay. Now she too started to panic secretly... But the Lord only smiled and thought of a beautiful night after his wife would have to hold her pee all Sunday too. He did never think about what had really happened. Nobody would just be able to imagine such a monster load in a woman's bladder [except Ana Didovic...] and then compress it her into such a corset. [not to solve even for Ana!].

The drive came, so did the suffering. Amelia sat by the rivulet with the old coachman, who was aware of her pain but fascinated by her discipline and her beauty. Lord Chiseller had picnicked with his wife, Lady Beverley, who was really sexy but unfortunately could not show it at this disciplined time... She was dying to go and could hardly breathe anymore, but she ate and drank bravely. Lord Chiseller was fascinated by her discipline and gave her more water to drink. The water of the little rivulet was clear and fresh – and Lady Beverley should show him the most filled bladder of all time...

When they reached the old manor house at about 8.30 p.m., Lady Beverley remained silent, unable to prevent the others from getting the idea that she had a full bladder and was therefore feeling pain. Her husband used the lavatory in the courtyard, Amelia took the remains of the picnic and the dishes to the kitchen – herself more than dying for a loo. She was amazed to see Lady Beverley in this state. She had seen her earlier in the morning, but even then the Lady had bravely held back her pee and said nothing. As usual, there was no visible sign of her need. Amelia decided to withhold her own pee out of compassion for her Lady. She knew that the Lord would have sex with his wife after such a private picnic like this. Amelia could not imagine that Lady Beverley's bladder would withstand such an extra torture anyhow. She quietly prayed to god, that her Lady would survive...

Lord Chiseller returned from the toilet while Lady Beverley anyhow bravely held her pee. They quickly disappeared into their marriage bed chamber. Lord Chiseller undressed his wife, took off the corset and saw her bladder bulge out about 8" (20 cm). Lord Chiseller was shocked, but he could not talk about it because of his upbringing. So he just pretended not to have seen the bulge. Lady Beverley also pretended that everything was fine. And so they had sex all night long on her bursting bladder. She somehow managed to hold it in, as usual, but do not ask me about her terrible pain. In the morning she changed into her own chamber, still without any pot in there (how to buy one on a Sunday...) and waited for Amelia to dress her. After 50 hours of waiting, Amelia helped Lady Beverley back into the corset. Lady Beverley's bladder had expanded a little again due to the absence of the corset and the night-long massage with Lord Chiseller's full weight on it...

Amelia asked the coachman to drive her into town to run some errands. They left at 10:30. Amelia's bladder was full to bursting – no ready to explode. She slept (didn't sleep, of course) with her corset on, not to balloon like her Lady did. She – as a working girl – was not wearing an hourglass corset either, but a normal straight corset, but the pressure was immense!

When they returned for lunch, Lady Beverley was still dry and pale and had real trouble hiding her condition. Amelia served supper for the family, still holding her pee in. After taking her own meal in the kitchen, she put the new bought pot under her Lady's bed. But it was too polite to talk about it. So Lady Beverley knew nothing about it. She could think clear of nothing but her pain and her plight and distress at keeping her water in. So it came to pass that she did not look for her chamber, but just was in the salon, suffering in silence.

The Lord suffered with her, but did not speak about it. She would have to go when she would like to. Why did she wait that long? Did she know about his secret fancies? Was she holding it back for him?

Lord Chiseller asked his wife to go upstairs with him. And they had a lot of sex again. Lady Beverley was like in a strange dream and let it happen. She could no longer think clearly from the pain and was dead tired. When she arrived in her own chamber in the morning, she didn't even look for the pot, just waited for Amelia to dress her.

Amelia, who herself was suffering with her totally overloaded bladder in sympathy for her Lady, came in and saw the misery. She put the pot from the floor on the little stool, saw her Lady's face – who was now in an extreme hurry, but still brave. So Amelia buckled her corset over this more than extremely full bladder for the 3rd time. It was now after 70 hours of holding... She left the room briefly under a pretext and could hear her Lady breathing heavily.

When Amelia returned, the pot was filled to the brim and her Lady still needed to pee badly. Lady Beverley anyhow had clamped her over-working sphincter shut again and was waiting for another opportunity to pee again more. Amelia picked up the pot and took it out to empty it. She had to empty the 1.5 litre pot 3 times. Then she dressed her Lady and used the lavatory in the courtyard in a visible hurry. Lady Beverley saw this and almost knew that Amelia, her faithful and loyal maid, had held her pee in sympathy... She was very proud of her maid. And she was very proud of her own abilities to hold such a load of water in such an extra tight hourglass corset with the additional "preventer" for such a long time..

Lady Beverley now knew that she would never explode and she would never disgrace her family. It was just a question of discipline and she would hold it even longer.

The next night, two women in this house slept particularly deeply – and with a very full bladder again...

The End

*002*2021-10-03 03:09

More to come soon

I actially have 5 more stories I will re-publish within the next few weeks (after some minor revisions to correct and 'polish' it a little bit).

And afterwards it will go more slowly again.

I hope the creative phase will be inspired by omo.org, by chats and mails, as real life is a litle blocked actually.

Would be nice normally to meet some girls holding their bursting bladder, partying and drinking all night long after a full day without any pee but also lots of fluid ...

But safety first as long as the bat virus kills people.

Edited October 3, 2021 by Peter-P (see edit history)

