The Trouble with Mind Links

Author: lexpads

*000*2012-12-08 17:52

Something I've been doing bits and pieces on for a while. This is in relation to the online web comic TwoKinds (which I have now pissed all over, apologies).

###

"OK." Zen paused alert in the moonlight at the edge of a thick forest, scanning the line of trees. "From what I know, the humans who've been tailing Trace and you lot entered this forest this evening, heading north. They're not near enough to you to be of any trouble just yet, but we need to try and keep you lot one step ahead. I asked you here because I need your help to eavesdrop, to see whether we can find out what they're planning."

"Sure thing." Natani's robed form stood behind him, magically conjured and shimmering in the moonlight, sharing the link they both possessed between their minds. She smiled confidently. "Shall we get going?"

The two of them entered the trees, following paths where they could, trying to predict which route the humans would have taken. Occasionally some discarded food or recently trodden footprints were visible in the shafts of moonlight, reassuring Natani that they were on the right track. The night was warm and calm with only the slightest of breezes - it would be easy to hear any disturbances in the surrounding flora, but Natani and Zen also had to make sure that they themselves kept as quiet as possible.

It was not the threat of being discovered, however, that was preying on Natani's mind. As the night wore on and she and Zen ventured deeper into the forest, Natani began to grow dully aware of a nagging sensation. It was soft at first, and focused on searching for their group of humans she paid no attention to it, but lodged in her lower abdomen it refused to go away. It was only when the two of them passed a stream, where the water cascaded a short way off some rocks into a pool below with a persistent spatter, that Natani realised she was finding it difficult to concentrate.

"Hold up a sec, Natani!" Zen shot her a sudden message telepathically. They had reached a clearing surrounded partly by bushes and some brambles, which obscured them well from the rest of the forest.

"What is it?" she asked aloud.

Zen drew close to her. "I just need to - go into the bushes for a minute," he murmured, grinning sheepishly. Natani could see he was holding himself delicately, on tip-toes. "I - drank a lot this evening. Keep a look out, could ya?"

"Fine," she grumbled with a sideways glance, and then added "- but I need to go too, so don't take too long, OK?"

"I won't." Zen smirked, throwing Natani a telepathic jab. "Because we both know that you've got the lesser willpower, don't we?"

"Hey! That was years ago!" Natani glowered hotly. "We were tailing that Basitin for hours - !"

Zen sniggered as he pranced into the dense foliage. Natani clenched her fists. If mind-links could hurt, she knew exactly where she'd be sticking her virtual foot.

A light breeze lifted the leaves on the trees above Natani's head. She stood, glancing back along the path they had walked and over the tops of the bushes surrounding the clearing, her toes twitching a little in anticipation. The trickle of the stream they had passed was making her feel uncomfortable, and it didn't help when the sound was joined by a light patter emanating from the direction in which Zen had hidden himself. Natani's bladder gave the smallest of twinges and she checked herself, shifting her position. She was aware of an whisper of satisfaction springing inside her head, where her mind was intrinsically linked to Zen's, but it did little to subdue her own abdomen's soft but persistent nagging.

The finger of a discreet puddle wormed its way out underneath the lowest leaves of Zen's hiding spot before soaking into the soil. Natani held herself firm until the tell-tale noise of trickling urine slowed and stopped, and as Zen re-emerged and took her place she slipped off behind a large tree and squatted down in the undergrowth. She'd forgone underwear - her black robes would help her stay hidden in the night, but panties were an unnecessary and uncomfortable burden for her Kiedran body - so her quick break should end up being just that. Nevertheless, Natani had never tried going to the toilet while in a mind link with Zen before, and part of her wasn't sure whether it would be possible. After all, it was only her ghost that was here in this forest, wasn't it? Unsure, she pulled the hem of her robes up over her bent knees and positioned her undercarriage to aim at the patch of ground just in front of her.

It was like her brain was miles away from her body. Though the sensation of her filling bladder nagged at her, it seemed to take a while for her muscles to respond to the signal to relax, as if her body was resisting her. Natani felt a trickle of urine seep sluggishly towards her open groin, and tensed her legs to ready herself.

Seconds later, Zen heard the bushes rustle behind him and turned around in curiosity as Natani re-emerged, flustered and blushing.

"Did you go?" he asked aloud.

"I - I can't," Natani stuttered.

"What do you mean you can't? Did you try?"

"I mean I can't!" Natani barked, aware of an abashed flush creeping up her face. "I tried but I couldn't!"

As it happened Natani had found out that she could go, but the momentary relaxing of her bladder hadn't been as pleasant as she had hoped. There had been a split second where she had crouched, confused, feeling the trickle of pee leave her body but seeing no warm liquid splattering onto the ground, before she realised what was about to happen.

"I'm only sharing your link," she muttered to Zen. "I went to sleep to join you while I was dreaming, so my real body is back in bed." She adjusted her robes awkwardly, her hold on her bladder tight once again but embarrassingly aware of the warm, trickling sensation that she could feel had soaked briefly into her inner thigh. Part of her mind suspected that, back in her room, she'd just wet herself a little in her bed.

"I'll just hold it, OK?" Natani attempted to regain some of her coolness, relaxing her pose a little and making her way back to the path they had been following. "I'll be fine."

"How badly do you need to go?"

"Zen," she insisted. "I'm fine. Let's just get going."

As she and Zen set off into the trees once more, Natani couldn't help remembering the day her brother had goaded her about earlier. The feeling of warmth and wetness resurfaced in her mind, a sense of relief not entirely eclipsed by shame. She had insisted earlier that day that she would be fine, unaware of how long they would have to keep tailing their target. Despite remembering the crushing weight of her embarrassment part of Natani gleamed inwardly at the gushing sense of relief that had pervaded her afterwards; how lovely it would be to empty herself after they had completed this mission, and the quicker the better. Her bladder moaned silently to her as she walked, but she ignored it. She had work to do.

After another while of careful searching, Natani knew they were drawing close to their targets. She recognised fresh footprints in the well-trodden paths and could smell the faintest scent of cooked meat drifting on the light breeze. They slowed, taking care to make as little noise as possible in the foliage, and it wasn't long before voices became audible beyond a circle of tall trees up ahead, over the sound of a crackling camp fire. The pair paused some twenty yards away, surveying the forest and attempting to work out the best way to get close without being spotted.

"Maybe we could climb into the trees?" Zen suggested. "Get a better vantage point and keep an eye on where they're looking. Do you reckon you could do that if I tried to sneak nearer to their tents?"

Despite her best efforts, Natani wasn't giving Zen all one hundred percent of her attention. The walking had been a welcome distraction from her bladder, which had steadily been filling all the while, and now that they had stopped she found herself uncomfortably fidgety, her right foot bobbing unconsciously on the soft ground. Not for the first time that night Natani returned briefly to wonder how much longer it might be before she was able to relieve herself, but she had barely given a half formed reply of assent before Zen began sneaking off through the leaves and branches, leaving her on her own.

Natani sighed inwardly to herself, ignoring another insistent cry from her abdomen, and selected a grand oak tree whose camouflaged limbs bent in towards the clearing to provide a suitable point to eavesdrop from. She tiptoed over, making sure to stay out of sight behind the thick and gnarled trunk, and silently swung her athletic body up onto the lowest branch. As she began to climb, Natani could feel the strain of the exertion on her already overstretched bladder; the nagging had become an itching, and every branch she mounted pulled at her stomach muscles and sent twinges of desperation shooting through her body. Reaching the first large branching in the tree trunk she paused for a second with legs pressed together and then, feeling the urge overpower her for a second, clasped her robes around her groin briefly with one hand.

"Come on, Natani," she muttered to herself. "Just a few more minutes and you'll be back in your own body again."

Steeling herself, she began to climb again, much to her full bladder's displeasure. It wasn't long before the overhanging branches were spread out in front of her, and she carefully edged her way along until she could see the group of travellers encircled below her. There were four of them in total, talking in hushed voices and eating whatever meat it was they had roasted on the camp fire. Squatted precariously between the leaves, and acutely aware of the breeze embracing her bare undercarriage underneath her robes, it was consuming all of Natani's willpower to hold on to the warm liquid inside of her. Feeling increasingly desperate, she mentally reported to Zen what she could see.

"Four of them - three males, one female - they're all engrossed in whatever it is they're talking about, I wish I could understand them. It looks like you should be clear to get a bit closer -"

Suddenly, Natani realised her grip was slipping. She sunk her claws into the branch she was perched on, wrapping her legs around it as she abruptly lurched from her crouching position onto her stomach. The sudden pressure and alarm on her bladder was too much, and clench as she might Natani was unable to stop an escaped trickle of urine that she felt squirt uncontrollably from her groin. She grimaced; holding on as hard as she could she struggled both for her balance and for her bladder, and through gritted teeth barely managed to retain both. Her slip had made the branches of the oak tree rustle in the darkness and Natani lay awkwardly, sweating and desperate, hoping that the night would cloak her from sight.

It seemed that it did. All four of the humans below stopped their conversation, looking around for the source of the noise, and Natani swore that one of them stared her right in the eyes, but none of them appeared to spot her. They returned uneasily to each other, their voices now mere whispers, and Natani slowly and painfully pulled herself back into a more dignified position. Her legs were quaking and she could feel the mischievous warmth of her pee had soaked into the fur around her groin, back where her body lay in bed, teasing her with the tiniest agonising jabs of relief.

In a split second, Natani decided enough was enough. Needing to go this badly was putting their mission in jeopardy, and she couldn't hold on much longer.

"Zen," she shouted silently. "I'm going to have to go back. I -" Natani was sure her sense of urgency would be detectable even through the mind link. "- I really need the toilet."

"Oh, Natani!" came the invisible reply, and Natani cursed Zen for his patronising tone. "I'm getting close! Can't you hold on?"

"Zen, I've been holding on for the last half-hour!" she snapped, backing up to the tree trunk and once again squeezing herself with one hand. "I can't take much more of this!"

"Surely you could just go anyway? It's only a bed -"

"Zen!" Natani sighed and softened a little. "Look, I know the mission is important but I'll only be gone for a few minutes. I'll get up, nip into the bushes and come back to help, OK? I've got enough crystals for that."

"Alright - just don't take too long! I have no idea what the humans are doing and I don't want to be found out!"

Deeply glad for this final permission to leave, and with her overfilled bladder aching urgently, Natani grabbed one of the crystals from around her neck and broke it from its necklace. A brief rushing noise filled the air as the lush forest dissolved around her, and Natani suddenly found herself wide awake, lying under the covers of the bed she had settled into.

The slightly sticky dampness between her thighs was immediately apparent. Tearing back the sheets, Natani lit the oil lamp beside her bed and peered at her mattress. There was a small dark patch on the deep red linen and, pulling up the hem of the robes she had slept in in order to wear them in the mind link, Natani could see glistening droplets clinging to the soft fur around her labia. The barely controllable itch from inside her protruding abdomen was insistent, and wasting no time she discarded the cumbersome robes and crept out of the bedroom with the oil lamp in her hand.

Outside the woodland hut she had discovered the previous day, the night was tranquil and quiet. The same light breeze that had pervaded the forest where she and Zen had just been travelling was present here too, and Natani felt it embracing her naked body as she tiptoed across the soft grass towards the edge of the clearing, and down the steep bank to where she would find more cover. Her bladder's subliminal moan was unrelenting now, demanding her constant determination to keep the bulging strain of the previous evening's fluids in check.

A few of the bushes nearby rustled as Natani placed the oil lamp delicately down on a flat rock and slunk behind the trunk of the tree that stood next to it. The breeze fluttered teasingly between her thighs as if it were trying to prise her open and she quivered slightly, all her intentions on crouching down and letting go of her warm, awkward burden at last, when a murmured whisper from somewhere nearby was caught in her hyper-sensitive ears. She paused, reluctantly, and listened. Something about the tiny rippling noises of the leaves of the bushes behind her told Natani she was not alone.

Suddenly, a loud yell. Nanani jumped, and the tiniest squirt of urine spattered onto her right foot, but the silhouette of a spear-wielding human leaping out of one of the bushes to her right stole all of her attention. She leapt sideways into the nearest undergrowth and heard another scream as a second human joined the first, bellowing something in a language she didn't understand. Disregarding both the oil lamp and her overfull bladder, Natani made a run for it into the surrounding trees as nimbly as she could.

These were human hunters. She knew by the spears they had been holding; they must have been watching her while she had been preparing to relieve herself. Her assassin instincts driving her, Nantani sprinted through the dense foliage, looking for a place to hide and lose her assailants. A thick border of trees stood up ahead and she headed for them, intending to use the cover to slip away; she dashed between them and skidded down a steep, grassy bank on the other side onto what appeared to be a cliffside path.

It seemed she had miscalculated. This wasn't a good place in which to escape after all: in front of her a large valley sprawled in the moonlight, filled with the greens and yellows of trees, but bordered on Natani's side by a sharp and rocky cliff. The only way down was a winding dirt path, completely open and visible; that was out of the question. In a split second Natani made a decision: glancing over the sheer edge of the cliffside, she saw the mouth of a dark cave hiding in the side of the rock and scrambled down, slipping inside between the rubble.

The cave was dark and tight, tall enough for her to stand in, but with large boulders and fragments of rock protruding from the walls. Natani squeezed between them, the pounding of her over-full bladder still nagging at her, and crammed herself into a small gap behind a rock that would conceal her from the entrance. She crouched, panting slightly, knees pulled to her chest and listening intently for any sign of her pursuers from above.

With Natani's immediate danger at bay for a moment, she became almost immediately aware that she wasn't going to be able to last much longer without relieving herself. Her bladder felt desperate from holding on for so long, and even as she sat Natani couldn't help but squeeze one paw into her crotch to try and alleviate the itch. She was stuck here, effectively, until she was sure the coast was clear, but all she could think about was how badly she needed to pee. As the seconds ticked by and she crouched quivering in desperation, Natani became more aware of the shrouding darkness around her, of the almost mischievous sense of secrecy as she knew she was concealed from the outside world. How lovely it would feel to be able to finally go...

The thought had barely crossed her mind before Natani made the decision she knew she would. In the muffled silence of the cave a tiny trickling sound erupted, growing quickly into strong hiss and spatter as she began to relieve herself onto the cold rock floor.

Natani couldn't help a sigh of gratifying relief escaping her muzzle. Pent-up urine was streaming down the insides of her legs because of her cramped hiding place, but lost in emptying her bladder she didn't care. Flooding from her groin, warmth quickly started to pool around her bare feet, soaking into the fur and steaming slightly in the cool night air. She crouched, peeing quietly, but over her spattering Natani's ears caught a murmur from the path above, followed by the sound of shuffling as someone slowly descended the cliff face she herself had traversed just minutes before.

Quick as a flash, Natani clamped her hands over her groin in an attempt to stifle the source of the noise that could give her away. It was a reflex action, and she quickly regretted it - she was too desperate to be able to stem the flow completely from her bladder, and Natani grimaced a little as hot urine soaked through the fur on her hands and seeped out between her fingers. It did extinguish the noise, but she felt small streams running off the edge of her behind and down her lower legs as she continued to leak into her hands, her bladder by no means empty.

Behind her, Natani could hear one of the hunters at the cave entrance, moving slowly inside. She could only crouch trickling in silence as he clambered over the various boulders, squinting into the darkness for any sign of his prey. For a moment Nanani thought he was on the verge of discovering her hiding place, but abruptly the hunter stopped, sniffed the air and grumbled something she couldn't understand."

"Ugh, smells like pee in here."

In a moment the hunter had turned around and was gone, climbing back up the cliff face to meet his companion. Natani listened as they murmured to each other and walked off in a different direction to search elsewhere. Breathing a sigh of relief, she let go of her damp groin and her bladder gladly obliged once again, turning the trickle of urine back into a confident stream.

A short while later, Natani felt empty once more and substantially happier. She scrambled from her hiding place, thankful to be free from the puddle of her own desperation, and cautiously checked outside the mouth of the cave for any sign of the two hunters. Apart from the light breeze, the night was still and quiet. Relieved, she grabbed a crystal from her necklace; she'd quickly inform Zen that she'd been held up, then get back to her bedroom in the hut and join him properly.

Lying undetected in the undergrowth, Zen became aware that his sister had just joined him once again. He turned around as Natani's unclothed figure hurried towards him through the forest, staying out of sight of the human camp site.

"Zen!" Natani whispered as she slipped behind a tree next to him. "Sorry for the hold up, there was an ambush. I just need to get back to my bedroom and then I -"

But Zen had gone bright red.

"Natani - you didn't -"

In shock, Natani was suddenly aware of the cool lingering dampness of the fur between her legs.

"What? No!" she gasped, trying to cover herself, flushing even more than Zen. "It's not what it looks like!"

