Mass Effect 3: Desperation on the Citadel

Author: OmoCommando

*000*2012-11-02 00:38

This is a rather special idea that I had for a fan fiction. It's in the Mass Effect Universe taking place on the Citadel and briefly on the Normandy, but this story is from a gender neutral, second person point of view; placing you in the role of Commander Shepard as you feel nature calling.

The ship jars ever so slightly as Joker docks with the Citadel. After looking over the profiles of your teammates, you shut down your private terminal. Even after all that’s happened, it was still good to see everyone again. Ashley, despite her indifference, seemed to welcome you back into her life again. Liara was here, her moderate and cool attitude well missed. Garrus... is Garrus. Not much else to say about that war veteran but you knew you couldn’t ask for a more reliable sniper.

Tali was back and ready to help, whether it was for her own people or for her old friends, having her here was a nice reassurance. You still can’t get over the fact that your ship’s AI is able to follow you into battle, but EDI’s capabilities and tactical assessments had proven valuable before so why not now? Then there was James Vega. Marine lieutenant, very action orientated. Had to be in the fight and was very bitter after having to leave Earth when it was in its most dire predicament ever. Though somewhat impulsive, he was as dependable as the rest.

With the turians, the krogan, the quarians, and the geth all fighting with humanity, things were starting to look up. You could feel it among the rest of your crewmates. Hope had been rekindled. The Reapers could be beaten. The entire galaxy had seen that. These “god-like” machines were not invulnerable. You lean back in your chair and smile. It feels good to know that all is not lost.

“Shepard.” EDI’s voice came over the comm. “We’ve docked with the Citadel. You may disembark anytime you wish.”

“Thanks, EDI.” you respond. You get up out of your chair and pressure begins to push on your bladder. After drinking that entire thermos of water, you knew it wouldn’t be long before nature called to you, but the asari councilor was waiting and it was a meeting that had been put off long enough. You decide that you can probably hold it long enough until the meeting is over.

____

The Citadel had changed since the Cerberus attack, and not just to its structures. You look at the citizens that pass by. Now that the reality of their situation has set in, they are worried, apprehensive, and on alert. The positive energy that flowed through the station was gone. From the catwalk, you could see the refugee area overflowing with people. In the far corner, a couple of batarians were shaking down a young woman for what little money she had left. There was nothing you could do from where you were though. The only thing you could do was move on.

“Hey, Shepard.” Garrus stood at the entrance to the lift. “I was wondering if we could take a ride together, there’s something I want to show you.”

Not wanting to ignore your long time friend, you respond, “Sure, Garrus. Where are we headed?” Your bladder protests, slightly increasing the discomforting pressure you already feel.

“I’ll show you.”

The two of you climb into the car nearby, Garrus starts it up, and soon you’re flying off outside of the traffic lanes. Urine sits on the edge of its precipice, your urethra, and you start shifting you legs, your hands slowly moving in between your legs. “What exactly are we doing, Garrus? The asari councilor is waiting for me.”

“Ever have that certain something you always wanted to do, Shepard?” he asks you. “I had this idea; a special spot on the Citadel I’ve always wanted to go to but I had a hundred rules and regulations telling me not to.”

“So you got them changed?”

“Nope. Now I just don’t give a damn.”

Garrus sets the vehicle down atop one of the larger catwalks that connect the two halves of the presidium. He takes with him a mantis sniper rifle and a few violet canisters. “What is this?”

“Something I want to settle. I think it’s about time we saw which one of us is the better shot.”

You raise an eyebrow, “You saying I can’t shoot?”

“I’m not saying you don’t know how to handle a gun, Shepard, I’m just saying some of us know how to make it dance.” Garrus said wryly. “Here.” He throws you the rifle then picks up one of the canisters.

You know your bladder won’t allow you to wait much longer. You even notice that your foot has begun tapping all its own. Garrus looks over at you, and tosses the canister in the air and catches it. You know what he’s going to do. You ready the rifle, putting the scope to your line of sight. Garrus raises his arm takes a step back, then moves forward and throws the canister into the distance. You track the canister as it flies, you line up the crosshair with your target, hold your breath, and pull the trigger. The rifle recoils and you feel a little bit of warm fluid escape from your body and into your clothes. But at least you hit the canister. Ignoring the leak, you grin in Garrus’ direction and hand him the gun. He takes the weapon from you and readies it.

“Make it a tough one.”

You grab one of the canisters, and you tighten the hold over your bladder as to not let anything else leak. You bring your arm back, move forward a few steps and hurl the object. In about three seconds, Garrus fires and destroys the canister. “I said a tough one!” he laughs. He passes the rifle back to you and grabs another canister. “Let’s see if you can hit this one.”

“Just throw it.” You respond.

Garrus brings his arm back and chucks the canister. You focus hard on the object. Garrus managed to throw this one far and fast. You begin to lose track of it, and you put all you attention into aiming, forgetting about the issue in your lower body. As you zoom in on the canister, you instantly feel a good spurt of urine fill your uniform and you accidentally pull the trigger. The urine flow stops short, but the shot misses the canister. You lower the rifle and squeeze your legs together, hoping to hide the wet spot you knew was probably there. Garrus seemed focused on his own glory though. He smiled, extended his arms outward, and said, “I’m Garrus Vakarian and this is my favorite spot on the Citadel!”

____

“Shepard, are you all right?” The asari councilor asks you. You suddenly snap out of your trance and realize that you had been rubbing your own crotch for the last minute-and-a-half.

“Sorry, councilor...” You say, blushing, “We... lost some good people on Rannoch, I was... distracted. Please continue.”

The councilor’s brow rises, clearly disbelieving your cover story. “Hmm...... As I was saying, there is a certain location on Thessia that may be of interest to you.”

“Why?”

“It’s a temple, and is also the home of a Prothean beacon.”

The statement almost clicked in your head, but your thoughts drifted back to your bladder. You begin to daydream of the conference ending, getting back to your ship, entering the bathroom, and relieving yourself of your burden. The thought was so enticing, you feel a few more drops of warmth spill out into your uniform again. You begin squeezing your thighs together in a vain attempt to dissipate the leakage.

“A Prothean beacon, huh?” You say, “Well, uh, that certainly sounds helpful!”

“You’re not... upset... that the asari government had been hiding it this whole time?” The councilor asks in surprise.

“Nope!” You reply loudly, taping your foot. “No, it makes perfect sense! Are we done?”

The councilor became annoyed, “Do you have somewhere else to be, Shepard?”

“Yes, I have to do my business-” You stop yourself. “I mean.. I have business on the ship, yeah!” You laugh.

The councilor just shook her head and sighed. “Very well, Commander. I’ll forward you the specifics and let Thessia know that you’re authorized to enter the temple.”

“Thank you!” You squeal, and run out of the room. You feel as if you have a 50 kilogram lead ball in your body trying to squeeze itself out of you. As the door shuts behind you, your hands grab your crotch immediately and you groan in pain as you double over. “Holy crap, I can’t believe I didn’t go on the ship!”

“When you gotta go, you gotta go, eh, Commander?” a Turian C-sec officer says next to you. You sheepishly wave and laugh and you begin the long trudge back to the Normandy. Every second spent is filled with agony as your urethra begins to burn. You try your best to resist the temptation to grab yourself again while crowds of people are watching you. Your just about to board the lift when a woman calls your name.

“Commander Shepard!”

You sigh very loudly because you know who’s voice it is.

“I’m Kalisah Bint Sinan al-Jilani and the galaxy has some questions-”

You grab the woman by the jaw, effectively closing her perpetually running mouth, and push her back. Without saying anything, you get on the lift and head for the Normandy, hoping that al-Jilani’s little camera companion didn’t get a glimpse of the wet spot you were sure was on your pants.

___

The lift finally stops at the docking bay and you practically burst out of there to make a break for the ship. Every muscle in your lower body aches with pain, crying out to be set free. At this point you are in too much pain to be worried about the public’s reactions. Your left hand grabs the crotch of your suit again and you quickly walk down the dock toward the airlock.

“Shepard!” a synthesized voice comes from behind you.

Goddammit, what the hell now!? You say in your head. You turn around to see the violet and gray suit of your long time friend Tali Zorah.

“Shepard, what’s wrong? Are you...”

“Hey Tali, what’s up?” You respond politely, though you’d probably throw her aside too if it meant the evacuation of your bladder.

“Well, I thought maybe as long as we were here, we could spend some time together. Catch up on what we missed over the last eight months. What do you think?”

You squirm and you fidget, on the brink of giving in to your bodily functions, “I think it’s a good idea, Tali. I’d love to but there’s something I need to take care of first.” and you head for the airlock but Tali follows you.

“Is everything okay? You look... in pain.”

“Look, Tali I just need...” another spurt warms your clothes. “I just need to use the bathroom first.”

“Ah, I thought so.” Tali laughed. “Quarians don’t have to worry about it. Our suits can-”

“Yes Tali, I’m sure it’s very interesting but I have. To go. NOW!” You exclaim. Tali seemed to get the message and backed off. You take one more step, and then a burst escapes again, but this time, you couldn’t get back under control. Just when you thought you’d cut off the flow, it came back twice as strong. Wet warmth begins to spread across your lower body, and flow downward over your legs. You try and try to get a grip over your urinary muscles, but you fail. Your body is a slave to the relief brought to it and will not obey the commands of your mind. Urine gushes from its home down through your body like a runaway tram car. The sound of your pee spraying against the leather crotch of your uniform seemed like it was echoing through the airlock.

Your urine continues its path, filling your boots, some of it soaking through the softer parts of your uniform and spilling out onto the deck plating creating a very visible yellow puddle, and the aroma of fresh urine fills the airlock. You begin to quiver and your heart races. There’s no way Tali can’t see that.

“Shepard...” She says sounding partly sympathetic and partly disgusted.

“I know... I know...” You respond.

“No... I was going to say ‘I’m sorry,’ I didn’t mean to hold you up.”

“Not your fault, Tali. I should have gone before hand.” You place a hand over your eyes in shame. If only the galaxy could see the great Commander Shepard now. Depending on you to save them all from the Reapers, but you can’t even control your own bladder.

Even through her suit, you could still hear Tali chuckling. She probably saw the irony in the situation too.

“I’m sorry, Shepard!” She laughed. “I just... seeing you like this...” The quarian burst out in laughter. Your cheeks begin to flush with heat. All you wanted now was privacy, to get away from the eyes of the galaxy. Tali calmed down and seemed to finally get control over herself. “Oh no... I think I just peed a little...”

Or maybe she lost control completely. The two of you look at each other and shrug your shoulders.

End. Maybe.

*004*2012-11-03 05:18

This story was mostly experimental for me. My next Mass Effect fanfic will be done in the "traditional" sense so please feel free to submit ideas.

*008*2012-11-04 21:08

Shepard's supposed to be in the normal uniform he/she wears outside of combat in this story. I hypothesized that would be less effective at containing urine than the armor.

