I need a wee!

Author: Ashlovesomo

*000*2023-06-26 12:36

There is sexual content in this! If this is not for you, stop reading at "she stared at Sandra with empathy..."

Sandra was a posh, middle class young girl, aged 19. She came from money and didn't understand the words "Homeless shelter" or "Food Stamps". Sandra was used to using her mummy and daddy's credit cards when buying anything for herself, but they were tired of her not having independence, especially when going into college, so they stopped her from using the credit cards and told her to get a job. In this job at an office, she had managed to earn herself some money and an avid amount of enemies.

John and Claire hated Sandra, especially the way she treated them. She would spit in their coffee, disrupt their work for menial issues and talk badly of them with her friends. They had enough, but didn't know how to make sure she stopped. HR did almost nothing and their co-workers wouldn't get involved. One day, they had noticed Sandra being quiet and more "shuffly" than usual. John and Claire observed her behaviour and realised that she needed to pee. Badly. So they took it to John's desk and planned out her disaster.

"Oh, Claire, I would ask you to go photocopy these papers but I'm sure you're too stupid to even do that." Sandra snorted and walked away, swaying her hips from side to side, a little bounce in her step. She walked up to the singular unisex bathroom available in their sector and tried the door, but to no avail. "Ugh...open up, I need to go real bad."

"Occupied!" John shouted with a slight chuckle. Sandra grabbed the hem of her skirt and crossed over her legs before walking back to her desk and sitting at her computer, which displayed a chat group and youtube. Claire giggled to herself as she watched Sandra twist and turn in her seat, her hand slowly sliding down to her crotch. Her eyes darted around in fear as she gripped her covered up pussy tightly, individual fingers covering her pee hole from the inevitable spillage of her piss. Claire laughed to herself as John slowly made his way out of the bathroom without alerting Sandra. This was going to be a good plan.

10 minutes went past and Sandra went to try the bathroom again, her ass wriggling around in her short, tight skirt. With one try of the bathroom handle came a small "Occupado!" from Claire.

"Ugh, will you hurry up? I'm about to burst!" Sandra walked away, huffing and puffing as Claire's coy giggles echoed from the bathroom. Sandra's subtle crotch holding turned into an unashamed yet demanding pussy grabbing and her hip wriggles turned into bouncing in her seat, quiet moans escaping her mouth. Claire and John looked in fascination as they watched their workplace bully become completely defeated and vulnerable.

"Never knew she'd be like that." John mumbled.

"I would've thought she was gonna have some more decorum, though." Claire responded just as quietly, catching a glimpse of John's hard on, as opposed to her own damp panties from her arousal. They both got off on this. But they didn't even know.

After a while, it was clear that Sandra's issue became more than a simple full bladder. She couldn't even work, all her focus went onto holding her insanely full bladder. Sweat was visibly dripping from her forehead as her movement turned rapid, her hands going numb from clamping them against her quivering vagina. John and Claire could only imagine how wet her panties were becoming. How much leakage came out from her attempt to hold back her flood.

With great difficulty, Sandra stood from out of her chair, her hands attached to her vagina shamelessly. John stood from his desk and rushed over to Sandra, giggling to Claire. Before Sandra could reach out to open the now available bathroom, John appeared infront of her, sheets of paper held out.

"Photocopying duty! These need photocopying." John grinned.

"R-right now? But there's so many!" John could see Sandra's wriggling and bouncing, which gave him an even bigger hard on that was almost noticeable.

"Boss needs em ASAP soooo...you should get on with it." John shoved the papers in Sandra's arms, grinning widely before walking away. Sandra was left with a heavy pile of papers in her weak, shaking arms, her legs wrapping themselves around each other to substitute for the missing hand. With much hesitation, Sandra walked - well, waddled - to the photocopier. Her hips moved around in a circular motion as she stood before the photocopier in the corner of their office.

She looked around the office to see what attention she has garnered, which was disappointing for her when she realised that almost everyone was staring at her with disgust. A whimper left her mouth as she began to slowly form into a crouch, still moving her hips in a circular motion slowly. Eventually, she was able to throw the papers onto the desk and clamp her hands up her skirt. Pee began to dribble out of her, drop by drop. She stretched out the front of her panties to see inside, viewing the damages the leaks had created. Her shaven pussy was wet from the leaks was squished in between her twisted legs.

Eventually, visible pee was rolling down her legs and it was unstoppable for her.

"Oh, I think she's gonna burst...oh my god look!" Claire and John's eyes followed Sandra's as she ran to the bathroom, pee squirming out of her in 2 second intervals. Everyone's eyes were on her as she doubled over and grabbed the bathroom door handle.

"Oooooh...I need a wee!" Sandra gasped and clamped her legs together, looking behind her in shame, her eyes wired shut as she made eye contact with a now sexually aroused John and Claire.

"D-don't look." Sandra squeaked out. Silence struck the office. Then a loud hissing sound was heard. Her bladder had gave way and the bathroom was free all along. She was humiliated and could only sit on the floor next to the bathroom with her head in her hands, her pee still dribbling out in its final stages of her accident.

"Oh that was hot..." John whispered in Claire's ear as she stared at Sandra with a bit of empathy. "Come with me." Claire followed John subtly, following him into their workplaces supply closet. With no warning, John's lips were pressed against hers, his huge hands wrapped around her small figure. Claire and John began stripping silently, their hands laid on each other in short intervals. John's large erect penis bounced out as he slid his boxers down his toned legs, his eyes on Claire's perky C cup breasts.

His middle finger slid in between her flaps, feeling her aroused wetness. John lined his penis up to her vagina, slowly inserting it in as he held her right leg with his left arm. It was clear to them that they were fucking upright in a supply closet of their workplace, but they were too distracted by their own arousal. Their skin slapped against one another as John thrusted his manhood into Claire's wide open hole, her fingernails digging into his arms. Their bodies intertwined as they slowed down the pace, John's index finger pressed up to Claire's lips in an attempt to silence her moans.

"O-oh fuck...I-I'm gonna cum. J-Johnnn-" Claire's eyes rolled back, her head tilting back. John pushed a strand of Claire's jet black hair out of her face, smiling to let her know she can let go. Eventually, with their faced contorted and their breath hitching, they came together. Claire and John kissed passionately, before dressing and returning to work.

Who knew a humiliating situation could turn into a sex session with your workplace crush?!

