Golden Simplicity

Author: ExplosiveTurtlez

*000*2014-07-12 20:44

Crucifix of depression

Do you know what depression feels like? I'm sure there are those who can relate, but for those who don't; it's like being strapped onto a crucifix, in a dark room, hands held tight by massive nails driven into your weak and bloodied flesh, an iron chain wrapped around your neck. You want to call out for someone... someone who can help you... but you can't. Your lips are sewn tight... sewn by your own shyness and stupidity. All you can do... ... ...

... is bleed, scream, and cry... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

It was a normal morning for me; feeling slits of sun shine on my face and having a river of drool drench my pillow. I checked the time on my clock (which was going all out on the alarm)... "7:45... shit..." I was going to be late for class. I burst out of my bed and rushed to do my regular morning routine: Brush, shower and piss, put on clothes, eat a bowl of cereal, and head out for school. Instead of driving, I would normally just get there on my roller blades, since my school was not to far from my home.

I arrive at 8:07; classes had already started. I stuff my roller blades in a separate bag from my backpack, and rush to my homeroom. Not much of interest happens throughout my day, so I'm just gonna skip ahead to the end of the day...

The time is now 3:02. I'm walking down the hallways of my infernal school... but I'm not alone.

By my side was a rather short fellow with thin eyes, black hair, and a notepad and pencil in hand; his name was

Takashi Nakamoto, a Japanese kid.

He was talking to me about his latest manga that he was writing (which was a hobby of his, though his 'mangas' weren't very... tame....), going on and on about "how super sexy and erotic it was." With me not having anything to reply with, I just kept my mouth shut and listened to his blabbering. Eventually he changed topics multiple times, talking about "that girl who stealthily masturbates in class," or ,"who keeps replacing the bathroom soap with semen," or even, "that classroom that everyone is convinced is haunted." I kept my words to myself again. Takashi continued speaking when he said something that snatched me by the ear... "I don't believe that you have a girlfriend yet.. do you?" The question caught me by surprise, leaving me too embarrassed to say anything.

"Ya gotta live a little more, man! Get out there and find someone... I'm sure there's plenty of chicks who'd be down to get dirty with you." I was actually going to respond to that, when something got both Takashi's and my attention. In front of us was a mass of people; both cheers and boos roared from them, however, it was near impossible to see what they were looking at without getting closer. "Jeez, is there another fight going on? And YOU'RE not in it?!" Takashi wondered. Normally in this school, I would get into fistfights with other people. I never really did it out of anger or hatred, but simply out of the fun of sport. Usually after a fight, I'd shake hands with my opponent and walk away. It was something that actually made me feel good... it made me feel... alive.

"I'll go check it out," I said. He nodded. I slowly approached the fleshy wall, penetrating it's defenses with "excuse me" and "pardon me." Once I was inside, I could get a clear view of what was happening. It was no fight, but there were two people facing each other. One of them stood triumphantly, with his arms crossed, and looking down. He had no hair on his head, a rather square chin, a menacing look in his eye, and rather pointy ears. His name was Douglas Howell. You could consider him the "school bully," if you please. Him and I were very well acquainted with each other, as we had somewhat of a rivalry between us.

On the other side was... a girl... a girl whom I had never seen before (or at least I don't think I have). She had long, blonde hair extending down to her hips, she also had quite the ample bosom, might I add. She must have been a D-cup! The girl didn't seem like she was happy, though. In fact, she was actually crying. It was quite obvious that Douglas was harassing her, but it wasn't quite clear to me why...

...until I looked down...

She laid in a golden puddle, her jeans drenched, and her shimmering reflection that became more distorted with each tear that fell in the puddle. For just a brief moment, I felt excited; I hadn't seen someone wet themselves in a very long time, but then my body felt extreme pity. Seeing someone not only humiliate herself in public, but to then amplify that humiliation by other people, being pelted at by other's insults and disgust... I had an impulse to do something about it.

I walked towards the girl, ignoring Doug's asinine comments about how "I have some balls to interrupt his 'him' time," and kneeled before her. "Hey... it's alright, no need to cry," I said calmly. She opened her eyes and looked into mine. Her eyes were a beautiful sky-blue, and within them, I saw... something I couldn't quite explain... it was this kinda 'filling' feeling, like this flurry of emotion was swirling inside my body. I was at a loss for words.

"Tell me... what happened, exactly?" I asked her. It took the girl a few sobs and a sniffle to respond. "*sob* I... I w-w-was going to-t-to the bathroom... and *sniff* he trihh-tripped me... I couldn't stop i-it *sob*." Her voice was soft and light, as if an angel had just spoken to me. I asked Doug if this was true or not... his response was "DA FUCK DOES IT MATTER TO YOU?! I CAN DO WHATEVER THE FUCK I WANT! NOT TO MENTION, IT'S MY JOB TO TEACH THE FRESH MEAT THAT I AM IN CHARGE!"

At that moment, I was filled to the ends of my hair with white-hot rage. "It wouldn't be surprising for you to do something like this to anyone else... but... why... why this sweet, innocent person?" I asked. Douglas had let out a loud burst of laughter and then spoke "I'M GONNA ME HONEST WITH YOU, MY ORIGINAL INTENTION WAS TO HAVE A LITTLE FUN WITH HER AND HUMILIATE HER IN FRONT OF ALL MY... 'ADORING FANS,' BUT I DIDN'T EXPECT HER TO PISS HERSELF LIKE THE WHINY, DISGUSTING FUCKIN' BABY THAT SHE IS... THAT WHINY, DISGUSTING, PUTRID, RETARDED, SLUTTY, BITCHY, FUCKI-"

*BANG*

I just couldn't take it anymore... In situations like these, I try to keep myself cool-headed... but... never before had I experienced such feelings over another person. Why did I care so much for the safety of another person? It just wasn't who I normally am... or was it?

With every spark and cinder of anger I could ever produce in my entire life, I chucked my right fist square into Doug's teeth, causing him to fall back quite a distance. "How about you shut you FUCKING mouth before I rip your eyes out and stab you in the heart with your own goddamn spine!!!!!!!" I felt pure anger and hatred rushing through my veins. After Douglas finished recoiling in pain, he gazed at me with eyes hotter than a super nova, and bulldozed towards me with his arms swinging; the battle begins!

About a whole 7 minutes of fighting has passed; both me and Doug are beaten to a pulp, blood rushing from the both of us, weakened and exhausted, bruised and battered. I was just barely standing on my knees (I think I managed to bust one of his ribs), while Doug was wobbling. "*pant pant* YA KNOW... WHY IS IT THAT... ... ... THAT I CAN'T EVER HAVE *pant* ANY FUN?! HUH?!?!?! WHY CAN'T I JUST MESS AROUND... WITH THIS STUPID, UGLY WHORE?!" The girl looked at Doug angrily, still kneeling in her own urine, tears finally starting to dry. Takashi had kept close to her the whole fight, making sure nothing bad had happened to her amidst the chaos. Out of an impulse, to make some kind of comeback, she yelled out a Doug "If I'm an ugly whore, then I suppose that makes you a putrid swine!" The moment she said that, all eyes went towards her, Doug's most importantly.

His face went from angry to fucking pissed! He slowly trudged towards her, making the girl feel utter dread. "... ... ... SHUT... THE... FUCK... UP... BITCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

*WHACK*

In a blinding fury, Doug drove his foot right into the girl's cheek, causing her to fall face-first into her own puddle...

...it was then... that I exploded!

Ignoring all pain in my body, I leaped toward Doug, screaming at the top of my lungs, and started swinging my fists at his face, barraging him punch after punch, blow after blow. For a moment, it almost felt like I had kept him in the air for a bit.

After doing what was practically a Hokuto Hyakuretsu Ken, I land one final blow to his face, causing him to go flying and landing into the crowd. Doug tried his damnedest to stay on his feet, but at this point I was surprised that he could even see!

​I slowly walk towards him infuriatingly. I made it my goal that the moment I got to him, that he'd feel intense pain... and that was when an idea sparked in my head...

Once I approached him, I slipped behind him and grabbed hold of his pants, which I then proceeded to remove, including his underwear, revealing his genitals in front of everyone. He tried shaking me off, but held a tight grip on his legs. From my pocket, I quickly pulled out my earbuds. "It's a shame I'm gonna have to throw these away when I'm done," I said. I then wrapped the chord around his balls, and with intense force, pulled as hard as I possibly could. He immediately fell to the floor, moaning in pure agony. He begged for mercy, screaming at me to stop... but stop I did not... I only pulled harder. "When all those other people you tormented pleaded for mercy... what did you do?" I asked him. He only responded with more cries of pain. Eventually, my arms were tired, so I let go of the chord. Everyone laughed as they watched him grab himself and try to squirm away, until he picked up his pants and ran for the hills.

Wiping the sweat and blood off my brow, I approached the girl once again. "So... are you ok now?" I asked her. At first, she did not respond to me... instead, tears started to fall down her bruised face again. "Your face... it's all beaten... because of me," she said

I placed my swollen hand on her face, wiping the tears off her. "Bro, it's cool. I've taken worse. Besides, I could never leave a woman like you in that dumb ass's grasp."

"And... you don't think I'm... disgusting?"

"Assuming you mean the whole 'wetting yourself' thing, I would never do something as cruel as insult you over it."

Her eyes watered again, but this time, she smiled, and wrapped her arms around me. "*sniff* Thank you..."

I stood back up on my feet, and extended my hand out to her. "C'mon, let's get you all dried up," I spoke. She took her hands out from between her legs and hesitated to take my arm. "But... my hands are soaked in-"

I ignored her warning, and pulled her up, causing her to gasp in shock.

I began leading her to the bathroom, where I would assume she'd use the air dryer to dry her jeans and panties.

"So... I don't believe I've seen your face around these parts... you new here?"

She nodded, "I was born and raised in Chicago, but ended up moving here some time ago."

"Ah... I see... well uh... my name's Jack... Jack Donovan... you got a name?"

"... Natillie Rays."

"That's a lovely name ya got."

Eventually we reached the women's restroom.

"Ok then, I suppose I'll wait out here. Just yell if you need anything." Natillie then looked at me with a nervous breath.

"Jack?" she said. She didn't say anything after that, but instead, grabbed me by the hand and dragged me inside the bathroom, pulling me into one of the stalls. I was a little shocked by what had happened, I couldn't quite say anything in response. The stall was actually rather tight, so my chest was pressing against her's, which made me blush heavily. "Uh... your boobs are uh... ... ..." She looked up at me and smiled. "I don't mind one bit," she spoke rather cheerfully.

She pulled out her bag and took out a small box full of make up. "Hold still, I'm gonna fix your face right up," she said.

"How in the bloody hell are you gonna heal me with make up?"

"I'm not gonna heal you... just cover up the blood and bruises."

She had been working on my face for a while, making conversation with me as time passed.

"You seem like quite a nice guy," she began talking.

"Really? You probably don't wanna be near me though..."

"Well, right now I'm as near you as I could possibly get, so..."

"Nonono, I mean like... you probably don't wanna be friends with a guy like me..."

"Why not?"

"Well... I'm a bit... weird."

"Trust me, I'm weird too, I mean, I did just kinda piss myself. How could you be weirder than me?"

I said nothing back to her... only listing off in my head the many things that would weird her out: depression, my violent reputation, my fetish... If she had known about my fetish, especially after what just happened, surely I wouldn't be able to take it.

"Well, it doesn't matter. To me, I see you as a friend."

Hearing those words leave Natillie's lips made me blush. I don't think I had ever heard someone say something like that so genuinely.

"OK, all done," she said. Natillie pulled out a small mirror, showing me what I looked like... and I was astonished. My face left nearly no marks at all, granted the bruises and swelling was still there, just not as visible.

"Wow, I'm quite impressed. Thank you so much." I said

She responded with a flattered smile, which then, out of the blue, changed to a face of horror... She pulled back a bit and revealed a small wet patch on my pants.

"Oh... Oh God! I must have pissed out the remainder without even noticing." She turned her face away from me. "Please! I'm so sorry! I beg of you, please forgive me!"

I placed my hand on her shoulder and calmly said "It's cool, I don't mind at all. It's just an accident."

"Really? You're not mad at all?"

"Not in the slightest"

She returned to me with a tight hug with her face pressed against my shoulder. "Thank you."

"Alright then... now let's try and get your jeans dried." She nodded and opened the stall door... ... ... but when we had opened it, the whole bathroom was occupied by girls. Apparently, afterschool dance club was today, and everyone was there taking a bathroom break. In an instant, I was being pelted at by various objects as Natillie dragged my ass out of there.

Once we escaped, we both stood at the front of the school.

"Well... so much for cleaning you up," I said.

She looked up at me confidently, "Nah, I'm sure I can get home without getting caught anyways," she spoke.

"So I guess I'll just be on my way then," she continued, "It was nice getting to know you."

She started to walk the other way, when she turned back around and gave me another hug, this one being longer than the previous. "And... thanks again for what you've done." I could almost feel on last tear fall on my shoulder. It was so strange to me... Normally, I don't like being touched by other people, no less being hugged, but for some reason she felt different, it felt warm and welcoming, as if I was being embraced by the sun. At last, she let go of me and walked away, waving good bye as she went on.

As she got farther away, I could almost feel something... like as if both my soul and Natillie's had just become connected somehow. I also felt something that took place in my own mind...

...while I was held up high on my bloody crucifix, I could catch a glimpse of someone... the figure of a nude female, getting closer and closer until she was standing right in front of me. I tried to warn to her to stay away from me, but I could say nothing with my lips sealed shut, and as a result, she started to climb up to where I was. Her breasts were pressed against my chest. I felt some kind of happiness emanating from her, even in the dark abyss that was my consciousness. Then, she placed her fingers over one end of the thread that kept my mouth shut, and pulled it, until the blood-soaked thread was no longer restraining my speech... I could finally speak freely again, without shyness taking over me. It would still be some time until I'd be free from my damned curse, but at least I was, somehow, making progress.

As I return to reality, I couldn't help but ponder over Natillie. I wanted to know more about her, get to be closer to her... but most of all...

...I wondered if I'd get to see her again...

*004*2014-07-13 19:53

{{: 

I didn't really understand the crucifix thing, but it is undoubtedly one of the best stories of this site. It had just the right amount of innocence, sensuality and hotness.

}}

I thank you for the compliment... but be honest... would you really consider this "one of the best stories on this site?" Especially when compared to the many great tales of this site? I'm still very flattered that you do think of it that way though, and I am just as grateful :)

{{: 

Doug's dickery was a little overdone in my opinion, but otherwise, this was a very nice read. The Jack/Natallie interactions were so sweet! And, like ashishgamer said, this story had the perfect balance of "innocence, sensuality, and hotness."

Good work!

}}

Thank you ^_^, I actually intended for Doug's character to be that way. What I was aiming for with him was to create a character that people would "hate" rather than "love." It's like with Handsome Jack (Borderlands 2), Bando (Elfen lied), or even DIO (JBA) in the sense that "the character is such a grade A asshole, and over-the-top douche, that that is what gives them their special charm.

{{: 

I wasn't really able to enjoy this story much as the violence in that kind of setting reminded me too much of things I'd rather forget, but it's well written and I hope you do other stories in the future :)

}}

I'm so sorry about that D: I didn't mean to make you think those kind of things... however, I do intend to make a 2nd chapter and I promise, from here on, it won't be as... morbid... as this chapter, and will lead to a much more 'lighthearted' setting.

