Vocaloid SeeU Omorashi

Author: Haruko

*000*2011-11-22 05:58

This is my first fanfiction (not just omorashi, but ever) so don't judge too harshly. It's kind of interesting cause I'm sure you guys don't see fanfics about stuff as new as Vocaloid 3's SeeU.

Just so you guys know, there's such as thing as this kind of predicament at a concert. Some of the costumes they design are pretty out there and can take some time to look so perfect on their wearer. There's also the matter that a lot of singers don't get to take a bathroom break in the middle of their concert (unless you're Kelly Clarkson and your band's awesome lol)... thus why we end up with "Fergie moments" and such on stage.

Anyway, Here's the story, enjoy!

WARNING: A korean vocaloid pees herself and there is extreme desperation.

SeeU was about to get ready for her first Vocaloid Concert. She had never performed live before like her friends, Miku, Rin, Len, and Luka. She was really nervous.

It wasn’t so much the performing part though. It was the fact that the concert was so long and there would be few breaks in between songs. Of course there would be other Vocaloids performing, but she wouldn’t have a break for the entire concert because of the extravagant costumes the design crew had invented for her. It could take as long as 15 minutes to get in or out of the dresses and she wouldn’t have any breaks.

The main reason for SeeU to be nervous about this was she was afraid of having to go to the bathroom on stage. You see, she had a small bladder, and prep time in between songs would take forever. What didn’t help is she was required to drink lots of water to keep her vocal cords hydrated.

It was almost time for the show and Miku noticed SeeU’s nerves. “There’s nothing to worry about!” said Miku. “I’ve done this plenty of times and it’s actually quite fun.”

“Well, I have no doubt it’s fun, and I’m really looking forward to this... it’s just.. I... well never mind.. It’s nothing.” SeeU couldn’t bring herself to explain her fear, for it seemed quite embarrassing for her to mention something that would seem like such a stupid question to someone like Miku who’d been performing live for so long.

“Ok, I’ll be cheering you on backstage!” said Miku.

The time came for SeeU to go out on stage. Unfortunately, her worries had caused an undesired side effect. As the Korean Vocaloid began to sing her hit song “Run,” she noticed a familiar urge in her bladder.

Oh no! Thought SeeU, This can’t be good!

As the concert progressed, SeeU’s need became more and more urgent. She figured maybe she’d be able to hold it until all this madness ended. However, by the time it was time to change for her 4th song, “I=Fantasy,” her bladder was ready to burst. SeeU was sure it would become apparent soon that she really had to go. She was worried now that it would affect her singing and that the whole audience would know that she needed a bathroom.

Despite how desperate she was, SeeU forced herself not to hold herself and tried to hold it the best she could without crossing her legs. It was hard to do.

By the time SeeU was in her dress, she was regretting not asking if there was a way she could have gone to the bathroom before she got ready. The getup they had her in would take at least 15 minutes to get out of... and she didn’t think there was a way that she could possibly go without getting pee on her dress. She was sure she might pee herself any minute. Her bladder was in pain. However, she still had to perform and it was time to sing “I=Fantasy.”

SeeU could tell this wasn’t her best performance. The chorus sounded more off tune than usual and her voice slightly strained. She couldn’t help it though. It was either sing her best and pee herself, or sacrifice vocals for bladder control.

As the song ended... SeeU couldn’t stand it anymore. She just had do something to control her bladder. She squeezed her legs tightly together and hobbled off stage. She was sure someone would have had to have noticed her predicament by now.

As SeeU had guessed, someone did, although she didn’t make it known. Her best friend Hatsune Miku had noticed something was up when she heard the chorus out of tune. The way the Korean Idol walked off stage was a dead givaway now.

This can’t be good... Miku thought. She felt sorry for her friend but she knew there wasn’t much that could be done. When you gotta go during a concert, you gotta go and in this case there were time factors that had to be taken into consideration.

There were only two performances left. by the time SeeU was out of her dress from “I=Fantasy.” Rin was about to go on stage to sing “Meltdown” and the there would be SeeU’s performance of “Umbrella.” Lucky for SeeU the outfit for “Umbrella” was the only costume that didn’t take FOREVER to get in and out of. However, this wasn’t much of a consolation to the Korean Vocaloid. Even if it didn’t take long to dress, she’d only have five minutes before her song while Rin performed, and she didn’t know if she could hold it through her last song.

“Uhmm” SeeU muttered as the woman who was in charge of costumes prepared her next outfit. “Could I maybe take a quick restroom break now?” SeeU asked.

“You’re on in five minutes SeeU,” said the woman. “We need to get you ready in time for your last song. You can hold it until after, can’t you?”

“I don’t think I can’t really have to go.” replied SeeU.

The woman replied. “I wish there was something I could do but we now have 4 minutes to get you ready. Try to hold it the best you can.”

SeeU moaned in disappointment. She was not holding herself trying to keep the contents of her bladder in. She wasn’t sure she could do this next song without looking like an idiot in front of her fans. Worrying didn’t seem to help either. If anything, it just made her desperation worse.

SeeU attempted to remove her hands from her crotch so she could go on stage. So far, so good. She wasn’t peeing her panties yet. She walked out onto the stage in her orange shirt and grey mini skirt as best she could without letting out any dribbles into her white panties.

As she started to sing... she felt herself lose control a slight bit. As she regained control of her bladder, her vocals started falling apart. Desperate to avoid humiliation, SeeU held her crotch once again and started adding dance moves that the choreographer claimed he had never seen before.

She would have been embarrassed at this point, but she was more focuses on singing the lyrics without paying attention to what they meant. After all the song was called “Umbrella,” need I say more?

The song was almost done when SeeU just couldn’t hold it anymore.. She felt a splash of warm fluid spill through her panties into her hand... She tried to stop it and managed to keep most of the flow back until the end of the song. As the song ended, she ran off stage... letting little spurts of pee out as she ran. When she reached the main area backstage... she just couldn’t hold it anymore. Her bladder gave up and let out its contents.

Oh my god! I’m... peeing myself Thought SeeU.

SeeU’s face turned red as she realized the entire stage crew and the other performers were staring at her peeing herself. She had created a large puddle underneath her on the shiny black floor. SeeU started to cry as Rin and Len tried to hold back laughter and Luka stared at her. She ran into her dressing room and locked the door behind her.

Expecting this, Miku was waiting in SeeU’s dressing room. After what had just happened, Miku didn’t know whether to comfort her crying friend or leave her alone. Miku voted helping her friend, as she couldn’t stand to see the blond idol cry like this.

“Are you okay?” asked Miku.

SeeU turned around, surprised to see Miku there. She thought she had been alone. “I... I... um...” she sniffled through her tears.

“It’s okay,” said Miku. “This kinda stuff happens to everybody at some point.”

SeeU replied, “Not like this... not in front of thousands of people on stage... not in front dozens of crew members. I don’t wanna perform again.”

Miku paused. There had to be a way to comfort her friend. What could she say? “So this is what you were so worried about before, huh?” Miku asked, hoping she would get somewhere.

SeeU hesitated, then nodded. “I was so scared cause I knew I wouldn’t be able to go in between songs.”

Miku laughed in her head. This wasn’t even the worst of it. There had been times where she had been the main spotlight performance and she had had to sing songs back to back with no break. Miku decided not to mention it that way for fear she might upset her friend more. Instead she said, “You know, we all end up having to go on stage at some point or another. Think of what I have to go through singing all those songs back to back. I’ve gotten pretty desperate at times.”

SeeU realized her friend was right. And she did love singing. There’s no way she could give it up. But there was one thing that left her feeling down. “How am I gonna face the others now after my accident?” she asked.

Miku replied, “Just act like nothing happened! I’m sure people will forget about it soon enough. I’ll let everybody know not to say anything about it. I’m sure that’ll help.”

SeeU nodded and went to get changed out of her soggy clothes. Meanwhile, Miku left the dressing room to go talk to her friends and the crew. The puddle SeeU had made had already been wiped away.

*002*2011-11-23 01:21

{{: 

A very good story, thanks for posting it. :)

Will you be writing more?

}}

I don't know if I'm going to add any to this story but I might be posting more stories

*005*2011-12-07 21:44

{{: 

I love Hastune Miku and those other vocaloids. God, poor thing though! Is that really how they do things in show biz?! You'd think they'd have a better plan then that!

}}

I know right? Unfortunately they can't use diapers on stage tho otherwise they'd show through the skimpy outfits they got stars wearing these days.

As for more frequent bathroom breaks?? Idk why they wouldn't do that? Probably because it'd interrupt the smoothness of the show by extending the breaks in between sections for hair, makeup, and costume. And then there's these crazy costumes that they come up with that take like 3 people to get the person into them. *rolls eyes and sarcastically says* "Genious... just genious."

