The Tale of a Sorceress - Page 2

Author: RosaE836

*025*2015-05-14 05:47

I'll be taking a break from this for a little bit, so if I don't post a story chapter for anything in two weeks, that's why. If I DO post something for another story, than I guess there's no need to worry.

And related to this chapter, Alys isn't out of hot water yet, so don't think I'm making this too easy for her.

Chapter 8: Escape

~~~~~~~~

Alys was getting used to the schedule, even though it had only been three days since she had been imprisoned. First thing in the morning she was given her breakfast, along with a small amount of water. After (what she estimated to be) about two hours had past, Terrius would walk in, Alys' sword in hand, asking questions. The questioning would go on for a half hour before he'd give up, and the cycle would repeat at dinner.

Alys had used her knife to work at the bolts in the wall, but she knew she couldn't do much without magic. However, realizing it had been snowing every day, she had taken the time to consume what collected on her windowsill, thus providing her with more water than she normally was provided with. It wasn't much, but it helped a lot, and it helped with her plan. Alys waited until after she finished her dinner before she placed the knife between the bolt heads and the wall, and she conjured a small amount of ice to pry it apart. The bolts finally came loose, and she tugged the chain free. Alys was no longer imprisoned, and her plan would start today.

~~~~~~~

Duke Terrius walked into the room, just as he had been doing the past few days. He hadn't made much more progress than from the first day, but already he could sense what fief she was from. All he had to do was send a small band to the location and ask the Lord for a ransom, and if they say Alys is their daughter, he'll go through with the exchange. If what Alys said were false, however, Terrius was sure he wouldn't go easy on her. It wouldn't make money to kill her, but it wouldn't make money to keep a prisoner that is unable to be ransomed for gold either.

Terrius walked in, sword in hand as usual. He had been inspecting it for a few days, and he saw a small emblem on the pommel. He assumed this mark could simply be from the blacksmith who made it to show who had crafted it, but it could very well also be from the fief Alys was from. Of course, Terrius wouldn't be getting any answers, because as soon as he walked into the room, he realized something was amiss. More importantly, someone was missing. On the bed lay the empty shackle, disconnected from the wall.

Dropping the rapier, Terrius unsheathed his sword before shouting "The prisoner has escaped!" Terrius turned to face the man guarding the door, rage quickly taking his face. "Did you not see her escape?" He yelled, pointing to empty bed.

The man lifted his hands to his chest, open and trying to keep the Duke a distance away. "I-I swear this door hadn't opened since I delivered her dinner!"

"Well she couldn't have just teleported back home! Find her!" Terrius then glanced back at the room before running down the stairs. She could have gotten rather far in two hours, but surely she was not out of the castle walls just yet.

The guard unsheathed his sword and followed Terrius down the spiral staircase, yelling to the guards below to be on high alert. The man respected Terrius, but he thought differently from him. In fact, the man very well assumed Alys had warped home, he heard a story of it happening on more than one occasion.

~~~~~

A minute past of silence in Alys' room before she reappeared, no longer invisible. Her vision swam from her dehydration, but she had no time to lose. Picking up the discarded sword, she unsheathed it and checked its balance. "Just as I left it." Alys mumbled to herself. She then unsheathed her dagger and held it in her right hand. She wasn't planning on attacking with it, instead, she was going to use it to help parry and block any attacks.

Alys ran up to the rounded center of the spiral staircase. She looked down the steps and saw no immediate danger. She looked behind her and found what she had hoped was there. Right beside the doorway was a chair and small table, and the table had a tin pitcher and cup. The table had a set of keys, which, after trying a few, one of them clicked in the lock of her iron cuff, and the shackle fell apart onto the floor. Her eyes soon trained on the cup and pitcher. Alys didn't bother with the glass and instantly went for the pitcher. While she was planning on taking her time with the water to keep herself from getting sick, she didn't want to waste too much time by pouring herself a glass. Every time she drank her strength seemed to return more and more. After spending ten minutes, she knew she could wait no longer, and proceeded down the steps.

Alys' right hand, while still wielding the knife, was pressed against the middle pillar as she descended, and her left hand held the rapier with the tip pointed upwards. The guard hadn't returned yet, so Alys had reached the bottom of the stairs with no resistance. An open wooden door greeted her, most likely from Terrius and the guard leaving in a hurry. It led to an open hallway, which was empty. She took a right and ran down the hall, her boots clopping loudly on the cobbles. The sound was rebounding off the walls, and as she reached the end of the hall, she slowed down. She could her metal clinking together down the bend in front of her. She had found the entrance, but from the sound of armor shifting in place, it was guarded. Alys didn't want to take the chance of going through the front of the castle, so she pushed into a side room.

And into someone. Alys and the person she ran into both fell back, and Alys looked across from her to see who she could have ran into. "S-sorry, milady, I-..." The other woman said before freezing up. Apparently, Alys had ran into a servant. And the servant saw a woman carrying a sword and dagger. Alys quickly placed her right hand on the terrified woman's mouth to keep her from screaming, and she then used her left hand's pointer finger to tell her to be quite. The maid nodded, and they both stood up slowly. The room was a library, containing many old books that required constant dusting, which was this maid's job. There were plenty of windows to help let light into the room, and they could be opened to keep the room from getting too stuffy. Alys closed the door as she entered the room, and the moment it sealed the woman whispering one question after another. "Who are you? Why do you have that sword? What's going on?"

Alys smiled back, trying to keep the maid from panicking. "I'm from a neighboring fief. The Duke invited my family over, and I thought it would be fun to look at the armory." The maid seemed a little skeptical, so Alys continued, a concerned look on her face. "Please don't tell my father, he'll be absolutely cross with me if he finds me playing around with swords, he doesn't think a lady should play with swords. You won't tell, will you?"

The maid smiled back, and even chuckled a bit. "Oh, well if that's all, I'll keep it a secret. Just make sure you return those as soon as you're done, you hear?"

Alys nodded back. "Yes, thanks so much." Alys then ran to the closest window and peered out. The windows let out to the streets, and right now there were a few people walking outside. Alys felt eyes trained on her back, so she decided to mime a few sword strokes and parries. It warmed her up for what might come, so she wasn't worried about wasting time now.

Of course, her deliberate swings, stabs, and fake parries were not lost on the servant who was still in the room. While the servant didn't know much about swordplay, she knew the girl in front of her wasn't doing this just to have fun. Alys didn't account for this fact, so she was taken off guard when the servant said "So, how long have you been practicing?"

Alys was quick to recover, replying with a "Whenever I'm out of my father's prying eyes."

The servant tilted her head to the side knowingly. "Well, it must be pretty often, it seems almost second nature to you."

"And what of it?"

The servant smiled. Having control over the situation gave her plenty of enjoyment, and she continued with little pause. "What of it? You and I both know the reasoning behind it. What fief did your family come from, by the way?"

"It's... I... Well I wouldn't say it's all that necessary for you to know what fief I'm from."

The maid giggled. "Well, you obviously don't live nearby."

"And why do you say that?"

"Because we don't call each lord's territory a 'fief' here. Only Caryineans call it that."

Alys grit her teeth. She had thought there was little chance the maid would have found her out, but from all the evidence that was given by her, Alys seemed to have been begging to get caught. "What are you gonna do with me?"

"Nothing much, but I'll call the guards if you don't do what I say."

"And what do you want?" Alys asked, sheathing her weapons.

"Firstly," The servant said, handing a feather brush to Alys. "I want you to dust for me. I need some rest, and if there is even a speck of dust when I'm done, I'll get an earful." The maid then grabbed a book and sat back in a chair, flipping to a random page. It was quite clear this servant had learned something from the long hours spent in there, although that was probably why not all of the books were dusted. It was a large library, but even one servant could keep it clean with little effort. Alys really didn't want to argue with someone, especially one who could fetch guards on her with ease, so she submitted to dusting the books. 'If Anna saw the situation I was in, she'd erupt in peels of laughter...' Alys thought, looking back every once in awhile to see if the maid was still watching her. The servant, noticing the pause in Alys' work, looked up from her book and motioned for Alys to continue. It was an easy job, if not a bit monotonous, and Alys finished up in minutes.

She returned the brush to the maid and asked "Anything else?" Before the maid could come up with another request, she heard a knock on the door. She looked between the door and Alys. The servant really wanted to see what she could do with the power she had over Alys, but if anyone came in, the power would shift at once. The maid, albeit reluctantly, pointed to the window. Alys took no time in thinking it over and she opened the window and hopped out, landing on her hands and feet like a cat. She got up and looked around. Nobody was really paying her too much mind, as only the guards were looking for her. Everyone else just assumed she was some random girl, albeit carrying sword, but still a random girl. Alys walked away from the castle and looked for the main gate. There was no need to run, so she took her time. It was cold, but her dress was thick enough to keep that from bothering her.

Finally, she stumbled upon the gate. Well, not really stumbled, as the walls were rather tall, so it was easy to see where the gates were. Of course, her heart fell as she saw men waiting at the gate, stopping people as they went by. There wasn't a way she could get by without a fight, and with her being on foot, they could easily catch back up with horses. Alys turned around and went back into the town. Alys had to rethink her plan. She was out now, but now she was trapped in the town. Alys sat on a bench and sighed. Maybe if she got a horse from a stable somewhere, she could be out in moments. That seemed like a plan.

Of course, it wasn't guarded, so she walked in, ignoring the glances she got from the stable-hand. She found the closest horse she could and placed reins on it, along with a saddle that she made sure to tighten so it wouldn't move while she was in it. She started walking out with the horse when the stable-hand approached, pointing to the horse. "That your horse?"

"Yes, sir, I'm in a bit of a hurry, so I'll just be going now." The stable-hand, however, blocked her path, shoving his hand forward, palm facing the ceiling.

"What about payment for keeping it here?"

Alys unsheathed her sword and pointed it at the man's face. "I think this will suffice." The man generously decided to go without pay just this once.

Alys left the stable and grabbed onto the horse, getting ready to hop on. She felt a hand pull her back, and she fell on the ground. She pointed her rapier up only to here it clang against another sword and her eyes widened to find a fully armored Duke Terrius at the other end of the sword. "Now, will you you come back quietly and give that metal stick back, or will you force me to kill you now?" He said smoothly.

Alys used her sword to force his own away, and she used the time to grab her knife. Just in time, she brought it to her right side to stop his sideways slash, and Alys' riposte slammed into the shoulder guard of Terrius' armor. Terrius' sword was up once again, moving for her neck, and she raised her dagger, only to see him spin around and deliver a slash to her leg. Alys jumped to dodge it, but this left her off balance, and she could see him going at her again, spinning the blade in his hand before slashing to her left. Alys clumsily blocked it with her rapier, and she felt her boots skid uncertainly on the rough stone walkway. "H-he's too much for me! I can't win against him like this!" Alys thought, and she saw him prepare for a straight jab to her throat. Alys managed to get the rapier and dagger up in time to lock it between the two blades, and she saw that it stopped only a few inches from her throat.

It didn't stay that way, as Terrius pushed on his sword, making it slowly move closer, the steel protesting loudly. Alys yelped in surprise, thinking what she had done was sufficient, and she lifted the blades upward. She then took a few steps back, seeing Terrius move back as well. "Face it, you die here if you don't give up. Just toss your playthings to the ground and I won't spill your blood."

"That's where you're wrong." Alys said, and she turned her hands, shifting her fingers on the grip. The blades were then engulfed in flames, and the fire trailed as Alys pointed her left side to Terrius, getting into a fencing stance.

"By the gods..." Terrius said before shaking his head. "That matters not, did you forget my armor is magic resistant?" He then lunged forward, yet Alys dodged to the side before stabbing at his face mask. He moved his head to the side, but the light and heat made it hard to keep track of Alys. Terrius swung his sword diagonally, yet Alys pushed it aside before jabbing at his face mask once more. It scraped loudly against the side, causing Terrius to flinch, taking a few steps back. Alys sliced the ground, and the dry hay caught quickly. Alys kept her distance from the lord, circling him while keeping her distance. Terrius soon realized why Alys had sliced at the ground, as the smoke made it even more difficult to see. Terrius' eyes watered as the smoke got thicker, and he realized he was being put at a disadvantage the longer he waited, so he made up his mind and charged forward towards Alys.

He ran right past Alys, and spinning around, saw her mounting the horse. He had no time to chase her before the horse galloped away, running straight past the guards who jumped to the side, not wanting to be trampled. Alys looked back to see Terrius order his men to mount and give chase, and Alys let her weapons extinguish before sheathing them. If anyone got too close, she would keep them back with magic. It was better to keep them at a distance than risk close quarters combat.

*028*2015-05-16 05:03

{{:

Good story so far.

}}

Thanks, I hope you continue to enjoy it!

{{:

Here's hoping you return sooner rather than later!

}}

I'm glad you wish to see more, I won't take too long of a break, but I need to get some ideas cemented into place before I continue.

*030*2015-05-22 19:27

Thanks, and I guess you're right, I'm probably just spoiled from some of the super complex escapes I read.

*032*2015-05-22 20:27

{{:

...I will admit to being a bit excited at seeing a post in this thread from the author. Ah well.

}}

Ah, if it's a new chapter you're looking for, it's planned on being released June 10th (a long time I know, but I did say I was taking a break, plus I don't want to worry about posting a chapter right after my birthday by moving the schedule to June 3rd and 17th...)

*033*2015-06-11 00:11

Here's the next chapter! I wanted to clear up what's going on between Anna and Henry before getting back to Alys.

Chapter 9: Some Nobles Forget they can Lose Power Easily

Henry hurried into his room, kicking the door closed. He rushed over to his desk, shuffling through the papers on it. He would pick one up and look it over before tossing it over his shoulder, not finding what he was searching for. Eventually, every paper that was on his desk had found its way to the floor, and Henry bent down to look through them again before someone's soft words broke his concentration.

"Looking for this?" Came the voice, and Henry looked up, not realizing someone was already in the room until now. The voice came from his servant, Anna, who's eyes were red, and she was shaking, holding the paper next to Henry's head. Henry reached for the paper, but Anna quickly moved it out of his reach. "You think a poor little servant girl could just give you what you want before you forget she ever existed? I heard some military strategies from my father, and I know what burning every bridge you cross looks like." Anna was still shaking, unable to keep any composure, and tears were rolling down her cheeks freely.

Henry forced a smile. "I-I have no idea wh-"

"Shut it! I saw the outgoing request to get a new servant you sent! I threw it in the fire the moment I found it!"

"Anna, that's an off-"

"I don't care if it's an official letter from you or from High King Zeffion, I'll read anything that may shed some light on my suspicions of simply being used!"

Henry realized there was no way to force her to do anything, so he gently placed his hand on her shoulder. "Anna, calm down, it's nothing persona-"

"Nothing personal?!" Anna shouted incredulously, her voice rising an octave as she broke free from Henry's calming hand. "So you admit all those sweet words were just a ploy to get something you want before sending me on my marry way like I'm trash?" Anna stepped to the door, and Henry's gaze darted between the paper and the handle of the door. "I wonder what your father will think when I tell him you plan to desert for petty revenge?"

Henry was baffled. "How did you know?"

"Every man and woman with an ounce of grain knows your original betrothed was murdered by bandits from Regnevis. I was at the funeral, but I thought you had finally gotten over her. Until the other day, that is..."

"Just give me the map."

"And let you leave and put me to blame? Say I burned a letter and refused to warn everyone of you running off? I'll lose my job, my future..." Anna sniffed "and I'll lose my dignity and credibility." Anna's eyes blazed as she grabbed the handle of the door. "I'll lose everything, even my heart!" Yanking the door open, Anna tried to storm out before the door slammed shut by Henry's hand, and he looked into Anna's eyes.

"I'm sorry for everything I did, but it's not what it seems..."

"Oh yeah? Then explain, because it's going to take a lot to keep me from waving this in front of your father and reciting your sins."

"That... That letter I had dated before I even asked you to borrow that map. I had changed my mind, but I couldn't find the letter anywhere."

Anna scoffed. "As if that means anything."

"Well, I had always been meaning to put you in such a situation, but I never thought I'd care so mu-"

"You're talking out of your arse, Henry, and you and I both know it."

"No, I'm not, I-"

"I'm leavin-" Anna didn't finish, as Henry pressed his lips against hers. Anna was surprised, but her wide eyes closed as she couldn't help be drawn in by the one she had felt so much for in the past few weeks, even with all the signs of what was going on. When Henry moved away, Anna looked back, complacent, but still skeptical. "You got my attention, what's the rest of it?"

And so Henry explained all of his feelings, explaining his feelings of his feelings, pointing out shaky evidence, and even getting on his knees and begging her not to tell his father of what he was about to do.

Finally, Henry's long, drawn out explanation ended, and Anna was pleased with herself for getting a noble to beg for his life. "I promise not to tell..." She finally agreed. "But you'll have to take me along."

"T-take you along?" Henry asked. "B-but you might get hurt, and worse..." Anna and Henry both knew what would happen if they both left at the same time. Word would spread that the Prince had fallen for a mere servant girl.

Anna saw no problem with that. "Well, let them believe the truth, you'll have to make it official eventually."

~~~~~~~

"A Prince, a maid, and a minstrel are on a path for revenge, what a tale this will be." Prince Henry muttered, bringing a sideways glance from Sarah.

"You are aware I'm more than just a simple musician, right?"

"Yes, and that's what makes it more unbelievable..." The three were riding healthy horses. Since the horses were bred for endurance, they didn't show off as being horses that nobility would tend to use. Anna was wearing a long black dress and coat, and she was the most uncomfortable of the three, as Sarah had a short skirt and leggings that were fine for riding, and Henry was (of course) wearing trousers. Anna had never been in a saddle before, so she regretted the fact she only brought long flowing dresses. She may be a commoner, but that doesn't mean she knew everything about such things nobility thought all commoners knew.

"U-umm, could we take a break?" Anna asked nervously. "This saddle is chafing my... skin."

"Don't you know it's a bad idea to wear a long dress in the saddle?" Sarah asked, although Anna's attire was evidence enough.

"It's not too late to turn back if this is too much for you, Anna." Henry said over his shoulder, which only made the servant girl flustered.

"I-I'm fine, just trying to make a little conversation." She insisted, yet her shifting position betrayed her words.

"Whatever you say..." Henry replied.

As he kept his eyes forwards, Sarah brought her horse alongside Anna and whispered, "You know, we could stop and let you change into some of my clothes."

Anna shook her head. "No, it's not that bad. I'm just a little... nervous."

"Nervous of getting injured?"

"No, nervous of being hurt."

Sarah raised an eyebrow. "I'm afraid I don't follow."

"Well..." Anna started, holding her hands together. "I just don't know... I mean, even if he realizes I'm following him to help sympathize with his loss, I don't want to force my desire to be with him..."

"Well what have you done already?"

"I... made him get on his knees and beg."

Sarah smiled. "Well, I don't see how that would be a problem." She said with a short laugh, but seeing the hurt expression on Anna's face made her regret it. "Honestly, every noble needs to be cut down a few inches. He knows as well as anyone that, the longer it takes before a new heir is born, the worse off the kingdom will be."

Anna forced a smile. "That's an apt way to put it."

"Well, he has to face facts, this kind of world doesn't wait for love. With love on his doorsteps, he has no reason to hesitate."

"But... but I'm a commoner-"

"And that hasn't bothered you so far, so why should it bother you now?"

Anna tried to formulate a response, but seeing the sympathy in Sarah's eyes made her stop and think before replying. "I guess I'm just looking for a reason for him to deny me."

Sarah placed her hand on Anna's shoulder, making the horses nervous as they got closer than they were accustomed to. "He has already denied you before, right?"

"Right."

"And you love him, right?"

"R-right."

"And do you think he actually denied you because he doesn't love you back, or because he wants to get revenge before he moves on?"

"..."

"Anna."

"I... think he does love me, but-"

"But nothing!" Sarah interrupted. "Why didn't he go on this quest for revenge before, especially when he's in such dire need to help defend against a Yenoroze siege?"

"I-I'm afraid I have no idea."

"Because he doesn't feel right moving on to another woman before he truly sets the memory of the other to rest."

Anna looked skeptical. "And how do you know this?"

"Well, while I still need training, I can sense many things."

"Such as?"

"When an eavesdropper realizes their thoughts are being told to the worst person to hear it, their eyes tend to get all bug-eyed," She pointed forward at Henry. "Like that."

Henry quickly looked away, and a smile sprouted on Anna's face. With a little difficulty, she forced her horse forward beside Henry, and he tried his best to keep his gaze away from Anna. Only the horses clopping hooves sounded before Anna spoke up. "Is this true?"

"...She meant the world to me, but ever since I started talking with you, I've forgotten about her. I felt like I was soiling her name, and so I tried to distance myself from you. That's what that letter was for, I didn't want to get close to you and forget all about... Annabelle." Henry turned, and his face showed the pain of holding the truth in for so long.

"Even though your name is part of hers, I still forgot about her. Aren't the gods just so cruel in such matters? They mock my memory by having me fall in love with a girl with practically the same name, and then I lose thoughts of Annabelle." He sighed, and the grief quickly faded from his face. The horses stopped, and the silence of the forest around them just made his next words that much louder. "Anna, it feels so good to let this all out, and already I can see Annabelle's forgiving face shining down on me. Sarah and your words helped me realize how childish I was, and I think it's only fitting we head back to the RavenSteel, together. My kingdom needs me, and if you agree with me, it needs you as well." Henry stretched out his hand. "Anna, what say you?"

Anna brought her hands up to her chest. It was everything she ever wanted, all wrapped up with a bow on top. She reached for his hand saying "Oh, Henry, I-"

An ugly hiss cut through the air, and Henry screamed in pain as he brought up his hand. His eyes were transfixed on the arrow stuck in his hand, and all but the feathered end was coated in blood. Anna screamed in surprise, and Sarah was off her horse in a second, bringing Anna to the ground. A few more arrows shot by as Sarah helped Henry off the saddle, and they heard the 'thunk thunk' and cries of pain as the arrows slammed into the horses they hid behind. Anna looked close to passing out as her face went pale, and Henry was already wrapping a scrap of cotton around the ends of the arrow to keep it from worsening the wound. Blood trailed down his injured arm, and both hands were coated with the red liquid.

Sarah grimaced as she heard shouts from the forest. She pulled her horse and the confused couple to the side, hiding behind the trees. "Just when we decided not to hunt for those bandits, they find us..." Sarah pulled her lute free from its carrying case, and she extended the axe blades and gave it to Anna. "Hold this for me." She commanded, and the dazed Anna managed a gentle nod as she all but dropped the lute in the dirt. Sarah looked between the injured prince and the direction of the archers.

The arrows had all but stopped, but she knew it was a matter of time before they'd close in on their position. Her mind raced furiously as she tried to come up with a plan, and soon she pulled a knife from her sleeve as she stood up against the closest tree. She peeked around the corner before hurrying her head back, an arrow just barely missing her face. The girl threw the dagger in the direction of where she saw the arrow come from, and she heard a man shout and subsequently cry in pain. Whether or not it injured him greatly, it made him more reluctant to shoot again.

"Sarah..." Henry said, standing up as he got behind a tree as well. "I'm going to use you horse to get Anna and I out of here. In my current state, we're simply making things more difficult."

Sarah nodded. She could simply take another horse if she needed. She picked up her lute from the confused Anna and helped her onto the horse, and another arrow sailing by showed the bandits were done hiding. Seeing Henry easily mount with one hand, Sarah ran for further cover, most arrows flying wide and some smacking into trees. When she thought she had a good enough lead, Sarah plunged the axe blade into a nearby tree, using it to help herself climb. She heaved herself onto a tree branch, and it wasn't long before bandits soon ran under her, determined to find her. There was a problem, though, as some of the bandits less willing to give chase hung back, and they were randomly scattered underneath her. Sarah groaned inaudibly "This will take awhile..."

*034*2015-06-12 04:32

Oh, another thing to mention, there will be Omorashi in the next chapter, which is why this one is short. If I wrote too much, the next chapter would be way too short.

*037*2015-07-16 02:06

{{:

The link section for where you also are listing the stories seems to be broken.

}}

Ohh, you mean on my page? I'll fix that immediately. for now, here's the link to this story: https://omorashi.org/story/316-the-tale-of-a-sorceress/

If you're looking for some of my other stories, you can find them on the fiction section (on the phone it's on a dropdown menu to the top right, and on the desktop it's a button at the top right).

*039*2015-09-03 00:06

After two months (too long!) of typing this up, I finally got the ideas I was looking for! I don't know how long it'll take for the next chapter, but I'm already planning stuff out now.

Chapter 10: Can a Castle Even be Robbed?

~~~

Anna knew she couldn't fight in the war. In fact, she was relieved that she didn't have to. Anna wondered why she gave up on picking sides on the issue, even. To her, going to war just was a stupid idea, through and through.

Well, Henry had chosen to go to war, but that was besides the point.

That aside, Anna realized that she had another angle she could go at it with. People who fought in it were stu-... Yet then again, they were willing to risk their lives, unlike her. Plus Henry also chose to fight in the ensuing war.

And in a flash, Anna remembered why she hadn't chosen to pick sides on the matter.

Of course, nobody would care what a maid had to say in such instances, her place was serving nobility, not ordering them around. Or ordering anyone in all honesty.

Anna approached Henry's office, ready to do her daily cleaning duties. It was more of the entrance to his main quarters, but that kept him ready to react with any urgent messages that came his way. It was most likely this reason that all the other rooms seemed to collect dust like a desert city. Anna didn't care, she thrived for the monotonous things. The monotony was a set path to her success, one that didn't face any insanely difficult challenge. It was just clean, deliver food, clean, and then later, cook food, and even later, marry Henry.

Anna paused as her thoughts made her blush. Surely she was joking. A maid marrying a prince? Such a thing was laughable!

And yet, while she was merely dusting off Prince Henry's desk, she realized it was the closest position she could get to Prince Henry, and that was some forward thinking. Unintentionally, but still.

Of course, Anna's thoughts swayed soon enough, as an anomaly was present. The room seemed so much more comfortable than normal that she hadn't even caught wind of the problem at first. The window that was normally closed was open. The room was normally kept dry to keep the books from being ruined, so it was unnatural for the window to be opened even for a second. Without skipping a beat, Anna closed the window and continued with cleaning the main office.

She used a feather brush to beat away the dust from the upper shelves. These shelves seemed as if they leaned inwards toward the room, giving the impression that they could fall over, if they weren't fused with the wall, that is. They did make the room seem a little eerie, so she always hurried along just a little faster when she had to clean them.

Hurrying with her task she wasn't expecting the main room to be too big of a challenge, especially not as challenging as it was going to be. Upon opening the door, Anna saw a dark shadow skulking across the room, and her hand traveled to her mouth in surprise. There was definitely not supposed to be any visitors in Henry's quarters, and they usually never got further than his desk, either.

The shadow had been just as surprised, although they soon recovered. The sound of steel was heard, and a dull gleam shined from the figure's right side. Anna saw this and went pale in fear. She didn't want to die, definitely not here. She turned and made for the door, but the intruder had reached her before she could make it out of Henry's office. She felt an arm go across her mouth as she was pulled back, and the feeling of cold, sharp metal was present on her throat. "Don't do anythin' stupid, I 'ave dealt with the heroic lot before, and trust me, tis not to yer likin'." The man whispered all these words, and he leaned closer to her ear as if worrying that the next words would be too quite to hear. "I make myself clear, or should I let your blood stain the carpet?"

Anna shook her head frantically, trying to make it clear she wasn't going to try and escape. She was used to taking orders, and since this one had her life at the end of it, she would gladly follow the man's instructions.

"Good, just keep in mind, if I see anything strange..." The knife was removed from her throat, and she flinched as it cut her skirt, missing her leg by half an inch. A clean, diagonal cut had separated part of the skirt, and from how she hadn't felt her skirt tug on the blade, she knew the blade was extremely sharp.

The man shoved her to the ground, and she scrambled to her feet. She noticed the man had shoved her closer to the table, and now he pointed at the desk.

"Push it to the door, I can't have you escaping."

She looked at him as if he were crazy. "That desk weighs a ton! There's no way I could move it, even if you helped!"

The man grumbled to himself. He was realizing that as well, soon trying to find an alternative. "Move all the books, then."

Anna regarded the man with a curious eye. Thief, spy, or just an escaped criminal, this man definitely lacked common sense. "What do you suggest, making a wall? Even if we piled all of them in front of the door, it'll take mere seconds before the door is opened."

The man shook his head, approaching Anna before cutting a few inches off the bottom of her skirt. It was plenty long, and she knew it would still be long enough to keep her decent, but this was driving her mad. She knew all he had to do was slightly cut the back of her leg, and instantly she would be collapsed on the floor, unable to fight back. The man soon finished shortening the skirt, and he used the fabric to tie her hands to her front before tying the other end to the bars of the fireplace.

She had to crouch to keep in a comfortable position, yet an uncomfortable feeling made itself known, and rather quickly. She hadn't peed for quite some time, and she already had been shifting around when she was cleaning, aware of the need. Now that she was trapped, and especially since she was in the same position she would be in to use a chamber pot, the need grew exponentially. Anna bit her lip. She didn't want to pee herself, and especially in front of this person. If she did, she was half afraid the man would kill her just because of that.

The Shadowy man on his part was making a mess of the entire table, as if he were frustrated that he couldn't find anything. Papers flew back and forth as he tossed one to the side and one in front of him in quick succession. He looked up from the papers. "And what's with the fidgeting? Planning a way out of here? Did I not tie the bonds tight enough, and you're trying to work up the guts to jump me?" The knife flashed into view once more, and Anna pulled back on her restraints as she tried to get as far from him as possible.

"I swear I wasn't planning anything! This whole situation has just left me... nervous is all." As much as she tried to keep her voice low, she still kept her eyes fixed on the blade as it came closer still.

"Pah, I should've just killed you from the start, you're wastin' time and riskin' my cover!" He then grabbed her by the shoulder as she kicked out at him, falling to the ground in turn. She let out a startled cry as the man came closer, and fear had started driving into her heart as she realized her end was coming. Anna could feel her dress grow damp as the realization sunk in.

~~~~~

Anna woke in a panic, gasping for air. Her arms shot forward and wrapped around Henry, and Anna hugged him with all her might. She could feel a dampness between her legs, but she ignored it, too terrified to care.

"What's wrong?" He asked in a worried tone, looking back at her.

Anna looked up, tears in her eyes. "I-I had a dream, th-that I was back at the castle while you had gone, a-and some cutthroat got in, a-and..." she trailed off, now sobbing in his arms. "I-It was so real! I was sure I was going to die!"

"There there," He said, using his right arm to calm her as his left was the reins, keeping the horse from slowing. "it was the Gods testing you, nothing else."

She sniffed loudly. "But why would they? I'm nothing important, and I doubt it'll change anything..."

"I'm sure if that's not enough, then it's simply preparing you for more."

Anna mumbled her uncertainty, and Henry soon let go of her, bringing both hands forward. As Anna looked at Henry, she took note of his constant glances backwards as his uninjured left hand tightened and loosened its grip on the heavy sword's pommel. Anna knew one thing for sure, though, she had a rather pressing matter that needed to be resolved sooner rather than later: her relationship.

"Anything on your mind?" Anna asked questioningly, her eyes taking in Henry's demeanor.

"Yes, jus-" Henry cut himself off, soon replying with, "j-just you is all, I can't stand seeing you terrified."

Anna pressed herself against Henry. "Yeah, well, I'm still rather shaken up. You know, with the dream, and the... the..." Anna pretended to not find the words, and soon she could hear Henry completing them.

"The brigands we haven't seen for half an hour? Don't worry, I think you'll be far enough away to camp soon enough."

Anna looked at Henry accusingly, although Henry had no way of knowing, seeing as he wasn't looking at her. "Me? Why not us?! Don't tell me you're going back there!"

Henry's back went rigid as he realized his blunder. "N-no, I'm rather tired is all, and with there still being four or five of the-"

"You counted them? You're just getting me back to safety while you go back, half injured, hungry for battle!"

"That's not true Anna, I just am uneasy having brigands lying around, nothing more."

Anna crossed her arms. "Well, it very much looks like a revenge plot!"

"No, it's not! I was just thinking for the good of the townsfol-"

"Towsfolk? And what about yourself?" Henry stayed silent, and Anna gave a sigh. She had been leading Henry on, and she felt she owed him enough to explain things. "Henry, your father is worried about you."

"And how would you know?" He retorted, a little miffed by how powerless he had been throughout the conversation.

"Probably because he had ordered a small force to follow in behind us. they followed a distance away on the trail, and as we went further into the forest, the force would come in from behind and clear them all out. As we speak the force is heading back to the castle with Sarah, so if you want we can start heading back now."

Henry was taken aback. All he had been was an unknowing distraction, and the only reason was because his father knew he'd try to keep Anna safe. He realized his father probably would never have allowed a made in the war room just because Henry said so unless he had he had his own reasons. "I... guess it's time we started headed back, I'll need a cleric for my hand."

Anna smiled, and gently pulled his injured hand up. "If you may, since we're safe now, would you allow me to heal your hand? My mother is a cleric, and she taught me a little bit of healing magic." Henry let Anna pull the arrow free, and Henry grimaced at the pain, although a faint green glow seemed to be appear, and the pain seemed to ease as the pulled the rest of it free. Soon she poured water over the wound, humming a small tune as a green glowed helped the skin and flesh piece together. Soon, his hand looked as good as new, although it was less tan where the wound originally was.

"You're rather impressive with that magic, was the humming what helped cast it? I always seem to hear clerics humming some tune or another as they heal people."

Anna giggled. "Actually, the humming is to calm down the patient, we really have no other reason for doing so." Anna shifted, her swollen bladder now feeling the effects of her magic. She wished that she had at least been allowed off the horse, but Henry had seen no reason to camp out in the woods, especially since he now wanted to arrive back at the castle (seeing as there were no other matters at hand he needed taken care of).

Henry wanted to get back in a hurry as well, so the jostling was much greater than normal. Anna shifted in place, bit her lip, and closed her eyes shut. Her bladder was now entirely on her mind, and it was telling her it needed emptying now. Her bladder burned in pain, and each jostle shot ripples of desperation into her. Her hands were shaking as they demanded to grab herself, yet if she let go she vary well may fall right off the galloping steed.

But she couldn't tell Henry. Anna had already played him for a fool, and she felt she only prove to insult him more if she were in as desperate need to pee as a little girl. After all, it would be like he was tricked by someone who barely even knew their own bladder's limits. Anna didn't want that. She didn't want Henry to feel like he was a moron. Instead, she contented herself on staying quiet.

It didn't last long. the jostling finally got to her bladder, and soon every time she was lifted up, her pee leaked out. Her panties were getting damper and damper, and she whispered an apology to the horse as her pee started coating it.

The horse may not have heard, but Henry did. "What are you sorry for? I'm the one that was too pig-headed."

Anna sniffed. "N-not that... I... I'm peeing myself..."

Henry quickly slowed the horse, but the sudden drop in speed gave Anna's bladder one last jolt, and an audible hissing could be heard as Anna attempted to get off the horse. The only thing that prevented her from falling on her face was Henry's steadying hand, and she looked back at him, tears streaking down her faces as dirt turned to mud under her dress.

"I-I'm sorry, I didn't want to make you upset with me..."

Henry smiled. "I still don't understand why you're sorry, I already admitted that I was too pig-headed to care about others, I should be sorry. Here, you finish off and I'll get you a pair of new clothes, we packed some for the trip anyways."

~~~~~~~

"To hell with this!" Alys screamed, kicking a stone as far as she could. Her boots didn't very well dampen impact, and her toes throbbed in pain, but her mood was sour enough to keep her from thinking about it. She had managed to lose the tail on her, but now she had no idea where to go. She had no idea where she was, she had no idea how close her home was, she had no idea where she was even kept prisoner at... In fact, she didn't even know how close the nearest farm was, and those are hard to miss! "And this damn cold..." Alys shivered, knowing her horse wasn't really fairing much better than her in this could winter air.

She looked at her hands. Sure, she wanted to start a fire, but she feared that the enemy might find her from tracking the light, not to mention the lingering smoke's smell and sight (even if the sight would be a little more difficult to detect). Alys went back to clearing out a patch of frozen grass before laying down, not feeling comfortable in the slightest. She was hungry, sure, but sleep came first, even if she didn't have a good place to sleep. If she were tired when she met an enemy, it would be rather difficult to escape, let alone fight back. She sighed, trying to get comfortable, but she soon could hear a rustling of grass.

Alys' eyes darted back and forth. Thoughts of the Voryete flashed in her mind, and soon the comforting sound of her raven-steel dagger unsheathing was heard. The noise of rustling foliage suddenly stopped, and a soft gasp was heard. "Someone who's out to get me wouldn't be surprised I had a weapon, and it's definitely not an animal, who is this?" Alys took her time standing up, making sure the gleam of her knife was visible. "Show yourself."

Seconds went by, but eventually a little girl came out of the brush, followed by a little boy. "Please, we usually go exploring, we didn't mean no harm in it." Said the girl, hands nervously rubbing together. She was a few inches taller than the boy, but even then she didn't look much older than the boy. Her dress wasn't spectacular, but she didn't appear to be poor, and her coat was heavy enough that she wouldn't catch cold. It appeared to be exactly what she needed, and it looked brand-new. Her brown hair was tied by an expensive piece of fabric into a ponytail, and the rest of her hair reached just past her chin.

The fabric had been tied into a big bow, and it was blowing gently in the wind. The boy had a similar looking coat, and his trousers looked damp at the knees while his coat had flakes on the front. From what Alys could tell, the boy must have fallen in the snow rather recently. His blonde hair was decently long, especially his bangs on his right, and a shiny metal clip barely kept the bangs from his eyes. When Alys stared at it, the boy bit his lip, the cold air hiding his blush as he tried to hide behind the girl.

Alys sheathed her dagger. "I'm not going to hurt you, I thought you might have been a wild animal or a bandit."

The boy chuckled while the girl stammered, "W-well I'm not a bandit! What are you even doing out here?"

"I could say the same thing to you." Alys countered, and the girl kicked the snow.

"I was just going with my friend Sem to pick up something from a neighbor..."

Alys couldn't help smiling. "That's a little less believable than what you first told me, hm? I doubt your mamma would let the two of you wander this late at night."

"Please don't tell our parents!" The rather quiet Sem spoke up, and the girl turned on her heels.

"Sem! I thought I told you to be quiet! You even gave us away to her in the first place!"

Sem looked to his feet. "Sorry, Lelliet..."

Lelliet huffed before turning back to Alys. "Sem's rather shy, but I know how to make him do what I want." She glanced at Sem, who covered the metal clip with his right hand.

The two looked like good friends, but she had a hunch that Lelliet took advantage of Sem's shy behavior. "So, what do your families do?"

"My parents are tailors, they both work on clothing to sell to our town. Sem over here has a blacksmith family, and I had them make that hairpin for m- ... I mean, they made that hairpin so he wouldn't have to get as many haircuts." Lelliet stumbled through the last bit of the sentence, but she still looked rather confident in what she was saying. Sem, on the other hand, had retreated behind Lelliet once again.

Alys knelt down beside the boy, taken in by his coy behavior. "My family... well, father and I... are blacksmiths, we work raven-steel."

Sem took a few cautious paces forward, his eyes sparkling in wonder. "Really? Papa told me that takes forever to work."

She chuckled. "It does, my dagger was crafted by my father, and he's the best smith out there." She stopped talking, her thoughts going back to her predicament. "It's the only thing my father gave me, and I guess it's the only thing I have left that knows my name..."

Sem tugged on her sleeve, and she looked down at the kid. "Uhm... I... I could help remember your name, too!"

Alys grinned. "It's a heavy burden, you sure you're ready to hear it?"

Sem nodded slowly. "If Lelliet can help, I'll try my best!"

Alys nodded. "Well, I guess I'll tell you. It's Alys, Alys Tevinus."

Lelliet stepped forward. "Tevinus? Like, THE Tevinus?"

Alys tilted her head. She hadn't expected anyone to know of her family name. "What do you know about them?"

Lelliet scratched her face with her index finger. "Not much, I just remember hearing things about Tejjun Tevinus wiping out an entire garrison with his magic, but I never remember him knowing how to hold a hammer. I know he did leave the kingdom to help his wife right after, though. It was so romantic..."

"Um, Alys? You don't look very well..." Sem pointed out. Alys' face was as pale as the snow that covered the ground, and she shook her head as she sat down.

"I-I'm f-fine..." She denied, although her shaking voice seemed as fragile as glass.

"You're not." Lelliet said. "Why not stop by at my house? My mother might not punish us if we bring you in anyways." Alys was silent. Normally she'd think twice about it, but with this new information, she couldn't think straight. She nodded slowly as the girl brought her to her feet. "Sem, you bring the horse along, I'll help Alys."

"Alright, Lelly." Sem did as Lelliet told him, and soon they had Alys walking with the two straight to a village which was right past where she had set up camp.

*041*2015-09-03 08:12

Thanks! Also, you made me realize that, apparently, I was no longer following this (weird, I coulda sworn I was).

