Not even at home!

Author: Rexone312

*000*2012-07-18 16:54

FANCY!

Pixie woke up at 6am, with a dull ache in her bladder. she peed the previous night at 6 after diner after begging her parents to let her go and she was allowed sarcastically! but in turn she drank 1.5 liter before going to bed all of which was sloshing in her bladder! she was sweating partly due to her efforts to hold and partly due to her skin tight clothes which she loved wearing though they were way too uncomfortable for her.

She came out of her room and started walking towards the bathroom only to find it locked. Resigned she looked at her mother who replied," Behave like a grown up! control you&#39;re silly needs! " Pixie just nodded and freshened herself at the sink while almost bending double!

" Stand straight" her mother yelled! Pixie almost lost a spurt to hear the sudden uproar but she managed to stay dry somehow! after breakfast with additional 500ml of liquids, she went for her cheer leading practice! Pixie was famous in her college for exhibitionist nature. she knew very well how to attract the crowd! after all she had 36DD-24-34 figure and never was she known to cover her body! all her tops and shirts would have very deep neck line and her skirts never longer than 4 inch! flashy thongs would make things even more interesting!

Pixie was taught that peeing was a sign on indiscipline and weakness and holding till the last moment would lead u to success! today sh had 2 liter in her bladder, she had not been to the toilet for over 15 hours and she will be outdoors till the evening! what then! she had to stay brave, all the dancing, jumping and stunts were making her close to an accident! but peeing was not an option! even though no one would inform her parents but Pixie always thought that using public restrooms can invite diseases!

So Pixie had to hang on and on! Her barely there micro skirt and her non-existent yellow thong were adding to her problems since the thong would show the slightest of leak and would not even absorb it and it would roll down her legs! NO WAY! She had to fight all those near wetting waves and she had become slow in her moves! she was scloded badly because she was at the front! but little did the instructors knew how the poor 20 year old girl was suffering!

Time passed slowly and now it was 6pm and by that time she had consumed another 500ml! in the locker room her friends asked her what was wrong since she could not sit or stand still and was squirming! but she did not say anything about her needs and excused herself saying that she was getting cramps in her legs! soon she returned home. She tried to be as calm as possible to avoid any scoldings but her mom knew! She yelled," Get ready! we have to attend a family function and u don't get any breaks!"

Pixie nodded and went to her room unrelieved. she freshened herself and found an evening gown on her bed! she was very happy for it but when she wore it she found it was too tight around her bladder but she had no option! her mother arranged for tiffin which had another liter of water too! by the time they left at 8pm, Pixie was so desperate that to fight off her needs she often had to flex all her butt and thigh muscles while holding her breath to prevent her dam from burst opening!

By 9pm, they were n dinner table and it was hell! the diner was so much spicy that Pixie could not help drinking glass after glass of water! by the end she had consumed another liter and she was still dry! 5 liters and no toilet for 28 hours! and the tight dress did not help and her bulge was obvious! if the crowd was not staring at her massive boobs then they would be staring at her basket ball sized bladder!

A few of her aunts sympathized her and showed her the way to the bathroom but she would refuse them with strained voice ending with a whisper! soon the party was over and by midnight i.e 30 hours for Pixie they returned to home! Pixie longed for relief but she knew she would be denied so she headed towards her room just when her mother called her and let her pee!

Pixie all of a sudden felt her floodgates opening to hear that and rushed to the bathroom before she could even say thanks! relief at last for Pixie, 30 hours of pent up hot pee finally was let out by her and the relief was so orgasmic that she screamed with joy! she came out of bathroom, while her mother stood outside.

Her mother gave her a tight hug and Pixie was shocked to feel her mother's rock hard belly! Her mother whispered in Pixie's ears," Honey u still have a long way to go! keep trying keep holding!"

Saying this she disappeared into her bedroom without relieving her bladder! Pixie stood dumbstruck but strangely contented!

