The Game: An Empire Story

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2013-01-26 13:08

The Clans in the Game:

By Ishigreen

There is no greater shame than to be kicked out of your family, and there is no greater loss than having to give a worthy warrior a choice between honorable suicide and the title of an outcast in society. This story revolves around the games that the clans play, and how honor might be restored to the pawns of those that are always constantly thinking.

There was no question about the circumstances. A single blade with blood had been found on Tomoko’s person. A member of the Kitsu clan was found on the floor, dead, in his chambers.

“My lord,” Kanu of the Bayushi addressed the court. “It is the fault of the Doji clan that they had allowed a murder to take place within their walls, and it is their place to restore honor to their family by exacting swift justice upon the accused.”

The man that sat at the head of the room, a table separating those that had gathered over the matter on the other side, wore an elaborate Kimono and a Hakuma of station denoting himself as the head of the Doji clan.

“I will hear the evidence of all parties interested,” he nodded at the people gathered. “As for you, Kanu of Bayushi, what is your interest in this manner?”

“Only that I want to see justice done.”

“Then you may leave as this does not concern you.”

“As you wish.”

Kanu, a man in brown with a single red symbol on each sleeve bowed to the lord of the castle. However, anyone that knows the games and how they are played knows that he would not go quietly without some word to his lord. The Doji knew that they would hear from the Bayushi clan again, particularly if justice were not served.

“So, Tomoko of the Daidoji family, the knife was found on your person. Would you care to explain?”

“I had just arrived there. I had not killed him, I found the knife by his side.”

“What were you doing in a guest’s quarters?” he asked sternly.

Tomoko’s brother spoke up. “My sister was summoned there.”

“And you know this how, Nobita-san?”

“I was with her when a messenger from the Kuni clan had given her the message. I wondered if she should go, but did not stop her.”

“Then the responsibility of your family is as much your fault as it is your sister’s.”

“But she was summon,” he started to argue.

“Enough. If none can speak for you…,”

“Doji-sama,” a familiar man in blue had spoken up. “I saw a messenger approach the young Samurai-ko with a private letter. We were all in the great feasting hall when this happened.”

The lord stood up and paced once and then a second time back and forth. If nothing were done about the blood in his palace, the Doji family would be seen as harboring assassins in their palace. He could not just take the word of Satsushi, another Doji as this would not look good. He wanted to know if anyone who was not a Doji could speak up for them. Then, to Kitsu Ayumi’s displeasure, her brother, a bushi of her own clan stood before the lord and bowed. “I know that the young lady was summoned to our comrad’s room.”

Now, the lord had enough doubt to put off prosecution. If somehow they could prove it was a set up, and that she was not responsible, and they would find the murderer, then all would save face, but if not, then he would have to order her death.

Another Kitsu looked in disfavor on the young rash bushi because this would have given the Doji house a bad reputation had it not been able to prove the innocence of its house member, but still, there was a chance that they might still find the Doji responsible. Ayumi could see the look in her clan’s man’s eyes, and she feared for her brother’s position in the clan. Still, what could she do? She would not let her brother be cut off for some folly that had to do with the Doji if she had anything to say about it.

The lord of the Doji house spoke once more, making all heads turn towards him. “You, Doji Tomoko, and Doji Nobita, have three days to find the party responsible. If you do not, then you will pay the price of this dishonorable act.”

They bowed and walked away from the lord’s room rather worried.

“How are we going to find out who wanted that Kitsu courtier dead?” Tomoko asked her brother as she shivered walking down the wooden floor covered walkway towards their own rooms.

“I have no idea, but since Kitsu Sasami had known about the message, maybe he will help us.”

“And there is Satsushi of our own clan, who might help,” Tomoko tried to keep from losing hope.

“Yes, there is. I will talk with both of them tomorrow. For now, I’d like you to stay in your room as much as you can for now so that you do not become suspect to anything else foul until we get a lead.”

“That’s not fair, brother! I am just as strong as any of you brethren, and I am the one that is accused! I should be able to….”

“Exactly, you are the accused. We do not know when or if the murderer will strike again, and I don’t want you anywhere near the scene if it happens.”

“I understand,” she bowed as was custom since her brother was elder to her.

In another room, one reserved for important guests, both Kitsu Ayumi and Kitsu Sasami were facing their own lord. One of their brothers, Kitsu Ryu was also there to provide evidence against Sasami.

“He gave doubt as to the Doji involvement with our brother’s death, and yet the Doji caught had the weapon in her hand! She should have been executed on the spot and the Doji should have offered a public apology as well as some compensation to our clan for this. But instead, Kitsu Sasami spoke up in defense of the murderer.”

“Is this true?” the man at the head of this room was wearing a plain tan Kimono with very little embroidery. He still had the face of a veteran and a general of the emperor’s army. He was a simple man, but his face was every bit as defining as any that might wear jewels and other getups to get noticed.

“Kitsu-sama,” Sasami bowed low. “It is true that I have prevented an unfortunate misunderstanding in our clans. The girl had indeed been given a letter which might have explained her presence in our fellow clan man’s quarters.”

“So, you saved the Doji face, and do you have any proof that she did not actually kill the man, even if she was summoned there?”

“No sir.”

“Then you have committed treason. You should have left well enough alone!”

“I… I didn’t….”

“As such, you will have three days to help them find the murderer or I will disown you, and you will become an outcast. That is all I have to say.”

Sasami nodded understanding. At his side, tears filled his older sister’s eyes as she heard what the decision was. She would do what she could to help her brother regardless of what it was, and she would make sure that the blame was not on this Tomoko, even if she had to mess with the evidence to do so.

Sasami and Ayumi started back towards their quarters.

“You really don’t know when to leave things alone,” she told her brother sternly. “What matter did it have that the Doji girl might have been found guilty? Do you have a thing for her?”

“No,” he shook his head. “I simply could not allow her to be punished if she really didn’t commit the crime.”

“So, now you have only three days to find out who did this, or you will be an outcast!”

“And I accept the terms. I am a man of my word, and I will not allow an innocent to die for the crime of a guilty party.”

Ayumi sighed. “Fine. If you need any help, please just ask. I’ll use whatever I have to help you.”

“I appreciate that.”

The Doji Daimyo, however, was not done with the matter even though he was sure that Tomoko and Nobita would do what they could to clear their names. He also had to make sure that they had not been the ones involved, so he immediately arrested any movement from or to the castle by anyone except under extreme permission of himself or any lord that he gave permission to to allow communication with their clans.

“Nobita,” Tomoko looked up from where she was sitting in her small room. “I’m sorry you were drug into this. I wish I knew that it would have come to this, because I would never have responded to the message if I had known.”

“”It’s over,” Nobita shook his head. “What is done is done. Just obey me, and I’ll do what I can to protect you.”

She nodded not knowing what else she could do at the moment. As the two of them sat in near silence for nearly half an hour, there was a call from outside their sliding door, and then it was pushed open.

“Excuse me,” Sasami bowed to the siblings. “I am Kitsu Sasami, and I am now responsible for helping you to find out who had caused this problem and tried to frame you.”

“Why?” Nobita eyed him with suspicion.

“Because I had held up for you, and someone in my clan didn’t like it, and had reported it to our daimyo. I must help you find the murderer or I will become an outcast.”

“Well, there could be worse,” Nobita lowered his eyes. “You could be hung as a criminal.”

He had no doubt that if he did not find the murderer, that would be the fate of his sister.

“Yes, I know,” Sasami nodded. “But I would think you’d be happy for any help.”

“Do you know who did it?”

“No.”

“Then I do not see how you are of any help.”

The two men sat in near silence as they each thought about the other, and about what task was ahead of them. Two great clans, who had always been at odds for expanding their own empires, now found two young men who were fated to work together to save themselves and one, his sister.

“Fine,” Nobita finally gave in. “You will probably be of some help, but it doesn’t mean I like you.”

“I understand,” Sasami replied.

The two men stood and bowed very formally before Sasami walked off out of their room wanting to just get some idea of something to look for. He headed right for the room that it had happened in.

Not to be outdone, and guessing at where the Kitsu was going, Nobita stood and ran out to follow him.

In some dark room elsewhere in the castle, three figures, a young woman and two young men were talking in one room.

“The Kitsu ruined everything! We nearly had Tomoko in our trap, and we had ridded ourselves of a very difficult opponent for our agenda.”

“Don’t worry, dear brother. It is only a matter of time before the Doji will have to accept responsibility, and if the Kitsu want to get so involved, maybe we can turn something against him, maybe even show some kind of connection between that outspoken young man and the young Doji Samurai-ko.”

“Yes, I like the way you think, sister. Maybe we can do something about this after all.”

“Leave it to me, brother. I will talk with an ally and get the Doji the reputation that they deserve. I will make sure that those Kitsu clan troublemakers also pay their price in interference.”

“Who will you see, sister?”

“Of course, I will see the greatest enemy of both the Kitsu and the Matsu, the Kuni. I am sure that someone there would help in our plans.”

As Sasami and Nobita walked off towards the Kitsu quarters to find the room where the man was murdered, they came face to face with a bodyguard that was placed in the halls. It was not a doji guard, but a Kitsu guard.

“What are you doing here, Doji?” the guard asked Nobita.

“I am investigating the crime.”

“No, no more Doji will be permitted in these halls while my daimyo is requested to stay. He will not be treated as a common prisoner, and so these halls will be off limits by any Doji bearing swords.”

“And if I leave my swords with you?” Nobita asked.

“I don’t trust you. You cannot pass.”

“You don’t trust me?” Nobita whispered. “Whose home are you in? Who is being rude?”

“Considering your sister was already caught with the murder weapon in her hands, and your lord has requested my lords’ extended stay, I would say you are in the wrong.”

Nobita shook his head.

“I will search the room,” Sasami placed a hand on Nobita’s shoulder. “I will tell you everything I find.”

“I supposed,” Nobita shook his head not liking this at all.

“I swear, on my honor, that we will get to the truth. I am in just as much trouble as you are over this.”

“Alright,” Nobita relented and started to walk away. “I’ll be at the great hall when you are done.”

Actually, now the great hall was quite busy, for the Doji lord had ordered every person that his messengers could find to report there. He didn’t really trust either of the soon to be Ronin, or anyone else of finding the true convict, so he had decided to use his own Magistrates, Doji Akari, and Doji Fumi.

The magistrates were sitting up by the lord as the hall filled with people.

“Alright, I am sure we haven’t gotten everyone, but there are enough here for our magistrates to start questioning people. As of now, in the case of the murder of Kitsu Yasuhiko, everyone in the palace will cooperate with Doji Akari and Doji Fumi unless you want to be held accountable for the murders.”

The guests all seemed resigned to getting this treatment. It was only natural since if such a thing had happened at their own palaces, that their lords would have done the same.

“This is better than I thought,” the sister assassin said to her two brothers. “Don’t you see? If things work out well, we can get the Doji family blamed, we can also make them seem inhospitable in light of their crimes, and we’ll be in position to make their house fall, and get our clan that much closer to being at the right side of the Emperor!”

“Yes, I think we’re well on our way of helping our own clan.”

Kuni Hiroki looked put up on to be questioned by the Doji who knew nothing of battle. Sure, he would kill someone in cold blood if it were necessary because that is how you survive down south where you are constantly threatened by the demons of the south. But up here? Murder made no sense at all. No Kuni would kill just for the hell of it. They knew very well, that every person in the Empire was a valuable comrade in the fight against the demon hordes.

“You must be kidding,” the small man said as Akari chose to ask him first. “You think I would just kill someone without a reason? Tell you what, let’s put you on the wall for a month, and then if you can come back and fight your petty wars with your neighbors the same way as you do now, then I’ll answer any of your questions you have.”

“You are in no position to decide the conditions,” Akari reminded him. “My lord said that everyone will be questioned, so everyone, it will be.”

“Of course,” he sighed. “But I will be talking to my diamyo and the Hida daimyo when I return to the wall, and then we will see what he has to say about the Doji house.”

“You do that. Now, if you please, answer the questions truthfully.”

Again Hiroki shook his head. “How else would I answer them?” he asked. “Besides, if I were to lie, you’d probably know on the spot, wouldn’t you?”

*002*2013-01-26 14:52

Nice to be appreciated, KingKong-IL. Thank you.

I am working on a real plot here. There will be wetting sometimes, but this story is in connection with an RP, I'm also trying to set up, to give people an idea of where I'd like to take the RP.

*004*2013-01-27 06:21

The Clans in the Game:

Chapter Two

Doji Nobita could clearly see what was going on when he walked into the great hall, and he sighed. Of course, the Daimyo would want to make sure this was solved, and would not trust it to man that was nearly on his way of becoming an outcast of the Doji clan. He had to be sure that the Doji were not found at fault, and if the Doji were, then he would have to exact justice mercilessly in order to save any face at all.

Doji walked into the great hall without fear of being cornered by the magistrates or by any of the other clans.

“I demand that our own clans have their own Magistrates involved,” Togashi Yui said as it was her turn to be questioned. “If we must be questioned by the Doji clan, what is to keep the Doji clan from hiding the truth and trying to make it seem as though there is another clan responsible?”

Togashi Yui wore a green long kimono with a small round symbol on each sleeve. “Only if you allow each of the clans to do our own investigations, and then we compare notes, will I permit my fellows to be questioned like this. I will also protect the Mirumoto and the Agasha clans from this dishonor.”

The Doji Daimyo understood that he really had little choice. He sighed and nodded.

“Go tell all the lords in the castle that we will have a meeting, and then we will choose among us, a team of magistrates to carry out this investigation. Everyone else is free to return for now.”

Togashi Yui bowed and departed from the great hall to round up the lords.

The many people started to depart the great hall, as they were now released, and a particular group of two brothers and a sister, the same as before, were now whispering about the turn.

“That Togashi clan girl might just make things easier for us,” the girl said. “If we can persuade her to find the evidence that we want her to find, then she well bring a strong enough argument to the Doji Daimyo that he would have to accept responsibility.”

“But sister,” the taller of the brothers whispered as he looked around for eaves droppers. “The only reason the Doji Daimyo accepted her proposal that all the clans get equally involved, is that that girl is a favorite member of the Doji’s court. You cannot really expect her to willingly go along with our plans.”

“Yes, I can brother. If you just shut up and watch your sister work, you will see just how convincing and beguiling I can be.”

The shorter brother smirked at the look on the taller brother’s face. The taller one had a scowl, but his eyes held the surprise of someone that had been shamed or scolded by one of lower rank in the caste system. To make things clear, the caste system does favor boys, but only when all is equal. More important than gender is birth rite. The taller boy was, in fact, the oldest of the three, so it was definitely out of place for the girl, who is the youngest of the three, to talk to her brother like that.

Meanwhile, Tomoko sat in her room, feeling grounded like a child, and what was worse, for something she had not even done. Why should she have to treated like she was being disciplined? She should be the one out there looking for the person that killed the man she went to see since it was her that was being accused!

“This is nuts!” she stood up. “Why should I listen to Nobita? It’s not like I’m a child, and he has no real power over me! I want to investigate! I am the accused after all!”

Tomoko walked to the door just as Nobita was about to come in.

“Where were you going?” Nobita questioned Tomoko.

“Um… the bathroom?” she asked a little too unsure of herself for Nobita to believe her.

“That’s a likely story. I’ve told you, if it happens again, and they find you anywhere near the scene, they’ll accuse you, and our daimyo will have no choice but believe the allegations. Please stay here, sis. I’m trying to protect you!”

“And if I really have to use the bathroom?”

“Then I’ll come with you!”

Tomoko looked down. “You really think that’s necessary, don’t you?”

“Yes, I do.”

“Alright,” she gave in and sat back down. “I’ll just leave when you are with me then.”

“Good,” Nobita said. “Someone from another clan has gotten involved and is now having a magistrate team put together to investigate. I don’t know what is going on, but I’m pretty sure, that it will make proving your innocence even more difficult rather than easier.”

“But if more are involved in the investigation, wouldn’t that make it more likely that they find the real murderer?”

“Well, it would if another clan didn’t have any reason to try to discredit our clan, but as it is, the Kitsu would like to see us dishonored, The Hida wouldn’t mind us losing position, And the Bayushi and the Shosuro clans were very likely to want us to lose face. I am also unsure as to what the Shinjo really think.”

“We would have to contend with those issues regardless of who was investigating though.”

“Yes, but what I’m afraid of, is that the magistrates who are supposed to be researching might taint the evidence against you.”

“You can’t be serious. If they were caught, it would look bad on their own clan, wouldn’t it?”

“If they were caught, yes,” Nobita had to agree. “But if they have no fear of getting caught, or if they were sure they could get away with it….”

“That’s enough,” Tomoko said flatly. “We cannot believe that all of this is so hopeless. We will find out who is at fault and exactly what was going on with the death of that Cairo.”

“Yeah, you’re right. We do need to keep an open mind. Just do as you are asked, and let me protect you. Please.”

“As you wish,” Tomoko sighed.

In some other part of the large grounds, in a large meeting room, the Doji Daimyo was now holding court with just the daimyo representatives of his visitors.

“It has come to my attention that a few of you do not believe that the Doji would conduct an investigation of its own house with sincere honesty and strict research for fear of prosecuting our own. Of course, I could claim an honor duel to be in order, but that would not solve the problem at hand. I do feel that more eyes looking into a matter might actually speed up the process so I welcome your help, but understand this. If any of you have the intention of dishonoring the Great Doji clan, then at least have the courtesy to step forward and formally declare your opinions and choose your champion so that we might prove that our intentions are pure!”

No one stood up. The Doji was right. If you were not going to stand up and fight for your belief, then your belief is flawed, and if your belief was flawed, then surely your champion will die, and you will lose another faithful asset for little reason.

“Good, now that that is settled, I don’t want anyone blaming or pointing at Doji Tomoko until you have the evidence that backs up the claim. If you find conflicting evidence, I expect you to share it around all the other clans as much as some of you would love to share the evidence if you find that it is Tomoko’s shame.”

The Daimyo representatives all nodded in agreement.

“Then I send you all to make your own preparations with my blessing at finding the real murderer whether it is Tomoko, another Doji, or someone else.”

Nobita and Tomoko stayed in their room the rest of the afternoon, Nobita feeling like this was the best way to keep an eye on his sister and not have her be set up again without his knowledge.

There was a shadow that moved across the castle grounds, a lone one that walked past the friendly clans and the hostile clan rooms as silently and as swiftly as if they were the same. This figure had come upon the Kuni clan, and she threw a dagger against the far wall, attached to it, was a paper.

“The evidence against the Doji is indisputable. If you meet me after midnight, I will show you beyond a doubt how you can be sure.”

Then she disappeared from plain sight, as if swallowed by the shadows.

A young man among of the Kuni approached this notice, and he pulled the dagger from the wall and read the paper. His eyes narrowed as he read it, wondering what was really up. Was it certain that the Doji had done this, or was this really someone framing them. Well, this young man was no bushi, nor any real magistrate. He was not sure if he should show it to those above his station or not, but if he did, then they might mock him for believing what he wanted, and for being naïve. Maybe he should investigate this on his own first, just to see what was going on.

Meanwhile, Bayushi Kanu was found walking towards Togashi Yui’s quarters with something that he had found that might have been of interest to the favored courtier of the Doji.

Kanu, an average male with black hair tied into a top knot and red and orange robes on, slid the entrance doors open to the young female’s quarters. “Exucse me, miss,” he said using the lesser title of chan rather than san to show her that he thought he was superior in rank. “I have a message about the Doji which might interest you.”

“You do?” she asked. “Who asked you to deliver it?”

“No one. I was to keep it secret, but it profits my clan not to keep it a secret, and I am just as worried about who the murderer is as every other person here.”

“Then, give me your message.”

The man bowed, not as deep as he would for someone of station which was really irksome to Yui, but she took the scroll anyway, and the man, Kanu, walked away feeling extremely pleased.

‘The Doji feel that they can hide and cover up murder in their own palace. Hida Daimyo, I am writing this message in secret that you send someone from the outside for I have little trust that anyone that the Doji allows to investigate, to really tell the truth when it brings shame upon their house. We must know what kind of traitors we are defending!’

The paper was signed Kuni Hiroki, which not even of the Hida clan.

Yui, a small frame girl shrugged at the message. This was simply politics and meant very little to her, except she wondered how it was that this Kuni clan had known for sure it was a Doji, and why he was talking to the Hida Daimyo rather than his own.

