The One with the Wet Rumors

Author: quietpr

*009*2013-01-31 06:20

Chapter 3) Bad Memories

“Phoebes?” Rachel knocked on her roommate’s door a second time, hoping for an answer. “Phoebe? You still here? You borrowed that cute little cashmere sweater and I need it back. There’s this guy at work I wanna impress.” No answer. She sighed and opened the door to Phoebe’s room. Her friend must have had an early massage appointment, because she was gone, leaving only an unmade bed and the overwhelming smell of lavender. Phoebe never bothered making her bed look neat, but the recently snuffed scented candle was a bit unusual – those she typically reserved for the bathroom. Rachel shook her head and strode with a purpose to Phoebe’s closet to search for the sweater. A quick scan of the items hanging within – one fashion eyesore after another as far as Rachel was concerned, though somehow, she thought, Phoebe had always made her look work – revealed no sign of her ‘third date sweater.’

“What did you do with it?” she thought with the slightest hint of annoyance. “You could have asked, y’know.” She looked around the floor – there were a few loose socks and a shirt or two strewn about on the floor, but no sweater. Then, in the middle of her search, she noticed the hamper by the mirror. She couldn’t go in there, though…that was the dirty pile. “You didn’t, did you?” she thought. “You know you’re supposed to give my stuff back to me, not stick it in a pile with your dirty underwear!” That last line she actually spoke. “You can’t even wash that sweater, Phoebes!”

She had to do it…she had to go in there. This was a rescue operation! She stamped her foot and then marched over to the hamper. Gingerly, she lifted the lid and turned her face away from its contents, preferring not to know what things she was touching before she found the right material. “No…cotton…sock…bra…ew!!” she thought as she pawed through the pile within. She withdrew her hand as though she’d just touched a snake – that last item had been soaking wet! Now she just had to look to find out what she’d touched. Turning her head very slowly toward the hamper, she peered inside and saw the offending pink panties resting neatly on top of a skirt and her very special sweater.

“Ooohhh, Phoebe!” She was going to have to have that sweater dry cleaned – she only hoped it hadn’t inherited any untoward odors. She walked back into their kitchen for a moment and returned with a pair of tongs from their utensil drawer. Gently, she snared the stained garment and held it before her, trying to decide what should be done with it. In her head, memories were stirring at the sight of this lovely, yet besmirched, bit of feminine attire. Mrs. K, her nanny growing up, helping her clean up and get ready for third grade classes after yet another nighttime accident, that bitch Sharon Majewski standing over her sleeping bad, pointing and laughing as she emerged wet from chest to knees, Monica dying of laughter as Rachel giggled and peed her jeans uncontrollably at a seventh grade slumber party, her splashing water down her front to cover up the fact that she had wet her cheerleading outfit Freshman year.

So many times, she’d come to curse her tiny bladder. It’d taken years to adapt and learn to take advantage of every opportunity to pee, lest disaster ensue. By the time she reached, college, she’d grown into her body a bit more and gained the upper hand on her countless accidents, but even in college, she’d managed to get herself into trouble a few times when she had too much to drink. If it hadn’t been for her sorority sister Melissa, she’d have been the laughingstock of NYU. She was the only one who ever realized that Rachel had a hard time making it through the night dry when she got silly on sangria or wine.

They spent enough time together that whenever she found herself in a compromising position, Melissa covered for her – she called it their ‘bond of sisterhood.’ If they went somewhere where they had to share beds, Melissa was the first to volunteer to bunk with Rachel and if she wet the bed, Melissa would take the blame. When they hit the clubs in Manhattan, Melissa stood watch for Rachel in those back alleys and always made sure she got home safely. What a pair they’d been – they’d even kissed for a bit at a sigma kai luau, though Rachel was certainly Melissa had forgotten about that by now.

Not that Melissa didn’t have her fun teasing Rachel about her bladder issues when they were alone. If she didn’t know any better, Rachel would have accused her sorority sister of flirting with her…but Melissa had gone on to get married and they’d lost touch a few years back, so that couldn’t be the case. It would be little things – she’d say “keep your panties dry!” when Rachel was being impatient or emotional, or “don’t wet the bed!” when Rachel was about to take an exam or otherwise be tested in some way. Yet Rachel remembered at least one instance where, in order to take the fall for her own bedwetting disaster at Alpha Omega fraternity house, Melissa hopped into bed with her at the last minute and wet her pajamas next to Rachel in bed, so hers wouldn’t be the only ones soaked. On oh so many occasions, she’d been a godsend.

But now, Rachel stared at the results of Phoebe’s experiment with no idea that her friend had done this on purpose (and liked it!) and a crooked smile came across her face, just for a moment. For once in her life, Rachel wanted to be the one doing the teasing. This was too easy! She walked back into their open living space and extracted a plastic bag from the recycling pile into which she lowered her exhibit A. Phoebe was due to play a lunch time set at the coffee house and Rachel had a feeling she was going to have trouble keeping her focus.

*010*2013-02-10 02:45

Chapter 4) Rumors and Lies

“Your usual?” Gunther asked, standing behind the garish orange couch at the center of the living room-themed coffee house. Monica cleared her throat awkwardly and shook her head.

“No, I’d better not…I’m trying to cut back on coffee at lunch. Can I just get one of those gingerbread muffins and some water, please?” Gunther nodded and stepped away.

“Oh, I’ll have a…” As usual, Gunther failed to notice the men on the couch and Chandler trailed off, looking a bit irritated. “…walk to the counter – the exercise will do me good. Anyone else want anything?”

“I can’t, I’m about to play,” Phoebe replied. Joey shook his head. “Hey, where’s Ross, anyway? Didn’t he say he was going to come down here for a lunch break today?”

“Oh, he wanted me to tell you he’s proctoring an exam and can’t make it. Sorry Phoebes.”

Phoebe waived her hands in obvious frustration and got to her feet, carrying her guitar. “If I didn’t know any better, I’d think he was trying to avoid hearing me sing! Why would he do that?”

“It’s a mystery!” Monica said with a shrug. “Want me to kick his ass?” She surreptitiously plucked a pair of earplugs from her purse and palmed them, knowing the tympanic torment that awaited the start of Phoebe’s first set.

“No no…I can do that myself.” Everyone in the group nodded knowingly. As Phoebe marched over to the little platform in the front window display to set up in front of the microphone, Rachel came bouncing in with an enormous grin on her face and approached the counter to place an order.

“Hello Gunther! What a wonderful day it is to be at Central Perk in the company of your dearest friends, wouldn’t you say so?”

Gunther turned and gawked rather obviously at her, and with some effort, managed to force himself to speak. “It is now…” Rachel patted him on the shoulder obliviously and

“Half-caff latte, please,” she added with a warm smile. He stiffly turned and buried himself in his work and Rachel practically skipped over to the couch – sometimes, a juicy tidbit like this one just brightened her whole day. “Oh my God…you guys will not believe what I found today.” Monica didn’t appear to hear her, but Chandler perked up. “What’s with her?”

“Earplugs,” Chandler said in a low voice, pointing toward Phoebe.

“Well she’s gonna want to hear this, I promise!” Just then, Phoebe’s mic snapped on and she introduced herself.

“Hello, Central Perk! I’m gonna start with one I just wrote – I think you’ll be pleasantly surprised.” She hoisted her guitar into position with the shoulder strap in place and began picking out a really basic set of chords. A few seconds in, she was singing off key with an infectious enthusiasm, but the words were vintage Phoebe. “Well a family was happily making their plans; they’d ordered the cake and they’d gathered the clan. In grandma’s apartment they’d all hunkered down, but the joke was on them when she came back to town. In she walked…BOO they cried…with a thud…granny died!” Cheerily, she played on.

“Wow…” Rachel mused, “…is Phoebe alright?”

“It’s Phoebe,” Joey answered. “How is this any different than last week’s ode to a squashed rat or that song she did about the plague?”

“And besides, I think the more important question is…what were you gonna tell us?” Chandler interrupted.

“Right…hey Monica…MON!” she called. This finally got Monica’s attention. Gunther plopped her bottled water and muffin down on the table in front of her along with Rachel’s latte as she took out her earplugs. “You won’t believe what I found this morning when I was looking for my third date sweater.”

“Wait a minute, hold up there for a second,” Chandler barged into her thought. “Third date sweater? So that would imply that this lucky garment spends more time off of you than on?”

“Ha-ha-ha very funny…do you want me to tell you what I found or not?” Chandler put of his hands as if to silence himself, and she continued. “As usual, Phoebe borrowed it without asking, and I couldn’t find it in her room, so I looked in her hamper and found this.” She pulled a plastic bag from her shoulder bag as Phoebe hit the chorus again.

“BOO they cried…with a thud…auntie died.” She lifted the panties up for all to see and Phoebe, seeing her unmentionables being so indiscreetly mentioned, began garbling the chords on her guitar until suddenly a string snapped under the increased strain. She sat for a moment at the microphone, not able to move, and then suddenly made up her mind and defiantly yelled into the mic, “Excuse me for a moment…technical difficulties…” and bolted on foot through the front door of Central Perk and out of sight, knocking over the microphone with her guitar, sending out a painful whine of feedback.

Joey, trying to hide his fascination with this discovery, cleared his throat and made a show of standing as calmly as possible. “Uhhh…I’d better go after her,” he said, almost incoherently. “You know…make sure she’s OK.” He gingerly turned from the group and walked out as nonchalantly as he could, before breaking into a spring just outside the door. Chandler, meanwhile, chuckled to himself and took a closer look at Rachel’s discovery.

“Well I’ll be…I never would have figured Phoebe as a fan of the French cut over thongs.” Chandler always had a good sense for when to let the obvious joke hang out there for a few minutes – he was hoping someone would set him up for the put-away line. Rachel was only too happy to oblige.

“We, you know, thongs aren’t for everyone…”

“Of course you’re right…I mean would you want your toddlers wearing thongs?” He and Rachel both cracked up at those words. Monica was eerily silent.

“Well now, let’s give Phoebe a little credit – maybe she was trying to set a new trend…I mean fashion is about looking young, right?” Rachel added, reducing herself to further hysterics.

“It’s so hard to find a thin-enough pull-up for someone like her, isn’t it? Might as well go with the flow, ey?” Chandler peppered further. As this point, Monica stood abruptly and reared back, delivering a mighty slap across the back of Chandler’s head. “Ow!”

“What is wrong with you two?! So what…she had a little accident…it happens to everyone eventually! I’d think you’d be a little more understanding. Especially you!” The last two words were aimed at Rachel, who had stopped laughing and was looking more than a little stunned.

“Would you relax, Mon? We’re just kidding around…not like we’re about to disown her!”

“You know what…I don’t even want to hear it. I have to get ready for work, and I just lost my appetite. Gunther…here’s a ten…keep the change.” She threw the bill at Gunther in a ball and stormed out, rattling the door in the frame as she slammed her way through it.

Chandler and Rachel sat staring at each other for a moment, unsure of what to think of this turn of events. “What was that about?” Rachel finally asked.

“Who knows,” Chandler quietly answered, lost in thought. “Hey, what did she mean by that comment – ‘especially you’?”

“What?”

“Well is there something I should know about you?”

Rachel cleared her throat and feigned looking at her watch. “Whoa, look at the time! I’d better be heading back to work. I’ll see you later, Chandler!” The last several words were said as she fled the Coffeehouse, leaving a half-drunk latte on the table. The panties were still there, resting on the plastic bag, strewn out on the table. Gunther approached from behind Chandler and handed him Rachel’s check.

Chandler picked up the bag and told Gunther he’d send Rachel back to pay her bill later on, and then headed out in a haze of confused thoughts. Something was up with Monica, and he was going to get to the bottom of it.

###

“Phoebes, wait up!” Joey sprinted through the village as he chased his friend toward a subway entrance on fifth ave. She could really fly despite the awkward flailing of her limbs, and Joey was about to run out of gas by the time he’d finally caught up with her and grabbed ahold of her arm to stop her. “Wait! It’s not that big a deal!”

“Yeah, right,” Phoebe grumbled as she shook her arm free of his grip. “You probably all think I’m twisted!” Joey didn’t recall the last time he’d seen Phoebe this upset, though for the life of him, he couldn’t figure out why it would bother her so much.

“Why would we think you were twisted? This kind of thing…we’ve all had that happen.”

“Really?”

Joey hastened to correct himself. “Well…I haven’t, but I know plenty of others who’ve done it.”

“Like who?” Phoebe asked, still on the verge of bolting if she didn’t like Joey’s answer.

“Uhh…” Phoebe shook her head and turned to run again, but Joey stopped her. “Like…do you remember Lisa DiBatista? She did it once on a date – a little wine does funny things to some people.”

“She peed her pants on a date?” Phoebe seemed more surprised at this revelation than Joey expected.

“Sure! We had to leave the club…she was so embarrassed, but it worked out alright. Now will you stop worrying and come back to the coffeehouse?”

“I had no idea she liked doing that,” Phoebe half-whispered, feeling a bit better. Maybe she wasn’t the only one after all.

“See, now don’t you feel b…wait what?”

“You just said…” and a terrifying realization dawned on her. They didn’t know she did this on purpose – they were all assuming it was an accident. “…that wine did funny things to people. It’s such a relief to know there are others who like…drinking wine…too much…” She was trying, but the words weren’t coming fast enough to fill the void and extract her from this disaster.

“No no no…you said ‘liked’ – you actually liked peeing yourself, didn’t you!” He practically hopped on the spot as he prodded her for information. “Come on…tell your friend!”

“No. No! That’s not what I meant. I meant the wine…”

“Phoebes…”

“Okay OKAY! I did it on purpose…and you know what? I liked doing it. Are you happy now?”

“Huhuhuhhoo…no way! That’s…kinda hot! Where’d you even get an idea like that?”

“Oh no…I can’t tell you that. I’m sworn to secrecy. You really think it’s hot?”

“Well not when you’re getting thrown out of a club for having an accident, but…yeah!” Joey escorted Phoebe back toward the coffeehouse, but had a different idea in mind now for their final destination. “You have to tell me all about this. Did you plan to do it, or did you get up to go like normal and on the spur of the moment, just let it go? I want details!”

A bit later, they were in Joey’s apartment sitting on opposite sides of his little kitchen counter and sipping yoohoo through crazy straws. “It wasn’t so much what I was doing – that felt kinda nice, but it wasn’t the main attraction – it was that what I was doing was forbidden. You know what I mean?” Joey, having listened to Phoebe’s description, was busily picturing his current roommate and recent girlfriend Janine in wet jeans with a come hither stare. He’d forgotten how to speak for a long moment. “Joey?”

“What? Oh…yeah…totally.”

“What was the last thing I said?”

“You know what I mean?” he said quizzically.

“Before that!”

“Uh…”

“Wow…you really do think it’s hot!” Phoebe said cheerily. “It’s so funny…even with all of your exploits, I still never thought you of as anything other than vanilla in the bedroom, if you know what I mean.”

“Hey, listen here, Missy…I may be a creature of habit, but how do you know what those habits are?”

“Because you always tell us!” She had him there. “But hey, I was wrong! That’s still the last time you’re ever gonna see my panties wet, but it’s nice to know.”

“Aahhh…why’d you have to go and say that! Now it’s like an unattainable goal! Remember when I had that thing for Monica when I first moved in here?”

“Oh, I’m sorry…well don’t worry, I have an idea.” An evil grin appeared on her face and she grabbed Joey’s wrist as if to emphasize the conspiratorial nature of this moment. “How would you like to help me get a little revenge on Rachel for that little stunt at the coffeehouse?”

“Oh, whoa, I don’t know about that…Rachel’s a friend...I couldn’t…”

“So? She’s my friend too, but she’s gotta learn – if you mess with this bull, you get the horns. She’s got everyone thinking I can’t hold my pee…well, we’ll just see.”

“Well it’s not like you can trick her into having to pee – you know how careful she is about that. She goes every time she sees a bathroom!”

“Don’t you remember that little story she let slip about the warm water trick?”

“No. That doesn’t work anyway…I tried it on my sisters to get back at ‘em for ratting me out for having sex in my room. Nothin’!”

“Well it worked on Rachel in middle school…I bet we can get it to work again. She sleeps like a rock and has a bladder like a sieve. I’ll set everything up…all I need you to do is hold the camera and document the evidence. What do you think, huh?”

“I don’t know, Phoebes…this seems kinda mean.”

“Come on! If it works, you get a free little show, and I get my revenge, and Rachel learns a valuable lesson about her roommate! Everybody wins!”

“Well…when you put it that way…”

“Good! Now don’t tell anyone about this…and you have to swear you won’t tell any of the rest of them about what I told you. If you do, I swear to Lucifer, I will hunt you down like a Dog, Mr. Tribiani.” She wagged a finger at him menacingly, even while maintaining a friendly smile. Joey couldn’t help but picture himself being dragged out of a dumpster by ‘street Phoebe.’

With a sigh, he agreed to their arrangement. This day had turned strange so fast, he couldn’t even figure out how he’d come into the middle of it!

*012*2013-02-12 04:50

When you do sitcoms, you feel a certain pressure to be funny...it's kind of hard to be both funny and sexy/intense...so there's a challenging balance I'm trying to strike. My humor isn't great...it's a work in progress, that skill. :)

I'm working on the next installment...hopefully by tomorrow I'll have something new. :)

*014*2013-02-12 14:27

Argh...I keep finding typos...there's a dangling sentence in the last installment...I challenge you all to find it. lol

I swear...I'm usually a better and more literate writer...hard to concentrate when you want the story you're writing to play out faster than you can type it. :)

*015*2013-02-13 00:27

Chapter 5) Phoebe’s Revenge

Joey’s knock at the door started Phoebe – and if it started her, it could easily awaken Rachel. She leapt to her feet and carefully answered, immediately pressing two fingers on his lips to prevent him from making a sound. “Ssshhh! Think you could knock a little louder next time? I don’t think my Grandmother heard you in hell?” she whispered angrily. “Do you have it?” Joey sheepishly lifted a hand to reveal his digital camera, powered up and ready to record.

“Let’s just get this over with,” he whispered back, almost desperate to pretend as though the scenario wasn’t at least a little thrilling for him. In reality, he’d been so aroused by the ideas Phoebe put in his head that he’d been unable to sleep before arriving in the wee hours of the morning to take part in the prank.

“That’s the spirit,” Phoebe hissed back, “we gotta move quickly! Rachel always gets up to pee at around five, so we only have about an hour to make this work.” She skipped behind the couch and picked up a bowl of very lightly steaming water. “Took me a few tries to get the temperature right!” she mouthed barely audibly. “C’mon…start recording!” With the flick of a wrist, she waived him toward Rachel’s door quietly slipped into her room. There she was, out cold in her bed in the fetal position with about a third of her body still under the blanket. She’d managed to turn over a couple of times in her sleep and most of her body save her arms and shoulders was now exposed. This was too perfect – the evidence would be completely visible if she didn’t move too much, and if they were careful, they would be able to get her top hand into the water without disturbing her too much.

Joey pointed at the camera as if to confirm that he was rolling and took a position behind her, focusing on her exposed, pajama-clad butt. She wiggled a bit as Phoebe approached from the other side and she froze long enough to be certain it was just a twitch. Oh so slowly, Phoebe reached out a hand and took hold of Rachel’s exposed fingers, resting peacefully on the pillow near her face. She cradled the bowl and carefully lowered it into position on the bed, then painstakingly inched Rachel’s hand into the water. As those lovely, feminine fingers dipped beneath the surface, Phoebe and Joey both cringed, fearing she’d wake up and catch them, but, despite another twitch that re positioned her top leg such that even more of her was exposed below the waist, she did not.

After an intense pause, Joey inhaled and blew the breath through his lips, then stabilized the camera and focused on the shot. Nothing happened. He could hear his heart pounding in his ears as he watched, but Rachel’s white cotton pants were still dry as a bone. He shook his head and lowered the camera for a second, but Phoebe made a hasty hand gesture as if to say “be patient!” and, with a sigh, he resumed peering at Rachel through the lens. The silence was pierced by a tiny whimper – Rachel must have been dreaming – all of the friends knew that Rachel sometimes talked during her dreams. It sounded like she was trying to form words. Joey thought he could hear a “no” in there and maybe a “can’t,” then the words stopped and were replaced by a sort of high pitched groan. And then he saw it.

A dark spot appeared at the place where her shapely legs met – at first just a little dot, then a patch the size of his palm, he guessed, and then the floodgates opened. Her pee glistened as it ran over her bottom thigh and pooled beneath her butt, spreading slowly in all directions, eventually soaking into her cotton shirt and wicking upward to halfway up her back and down toward her knees. For a good half a minute, she peed at full force, locked in a dream and soaking her bed.

As the pace of the flow slowed, she exhaled loudly, as though experiencing relief in the dream world. Joey didn’t even realize that his mouth had dropped open and his pants were now sporting a visible bulge, but Phoebe covered her mouth and pointed, and, embarrassed, Joey turned away from the scene and tiptoed toward the exit. Phoebe, followed him, shaking her fists excitedly in the air and leaping for joy as she waited for Joey to carefully open the door. Joey, however, was so turned on and shaken by the experience, that he couldn’t keep his hands still, and the door rattled as he fought with it. And then, from behind them they heard Rachel gasp and jump to her feet.

“What the…oh you have GOT to be KIDDING me!” She flipped on the light on her bedside table and glared at the culprits. “Look what you did! I’m gonna kill you!” She stamped toward them – she never was much of a morning person, least of all when she was pranked before she had her coffee – and Joey pulled hard on the doorknob until the door flew open and he could stumble out into the living room. “Is that a video camera?! Give that to me!” She pounced on Joey and, in a panic, he tossed the camera end over end toward Phoebe, who miraculously caught it and dashed past Rachel, who now had Joey momentarily subdued with both arms behind his back. “Phoebe! This is unbelievable! Give me the damned camera!”

“Oh no! I think our friends would be very interested in this little demonstration. Rachel pushed Joey toward one side and charged at Phoebe, but she jumped backwards, causing Rachel to flop forward and land in a heap on the floor. “Run Joey!” Phoebe yelled, flipping the camera back at him. He caught it and bolted out into the hallway and out of sight. Rachel clamored back to her feet and made to follow, but Phoebe cleared her throat and pointed at Rachel’s pajama bottoms. At this point it dawned on Rachel that she probably didn’t want to be seen in public in this condition. She was bested.

“You!” She stepped angrily toward Phoebe and glowered with every ounce of intimidation she could muster. She developed a new plan on the spot and grabbed Phoebe’s expensive faux-fur coat from his perch on the sofa. She held it between her legs, not quite touching any of the soaking wet material that clung to them. “Call him back here with that camera or the coat gets it!”

“Oh this is worth far more than a coat,” Phoebe calmly answered. “Go ahead. But before you do, I have a different idea in mind. Call off your dogs. Stop with the jokes about my little accident and get the rest of them to drop it too, and that video never sees the light of day. If I’m still hearing about it after tomorrow, we show all, and you never live it down. Either way, they won’t be talking about me after tomorrow, but if you choose wisely, they won’t talk about you, either. Face it…you lost. You met your match, Rachel Green.” Rachel gave serious thought to clamping her legs down on the coat just out of spite, but decided against it after a long pause.

“Fine!” she huffed. With that, she whipped the coat down on the couch, turned and headed back to her bedroom, slamming the door with every ounce of her strength. After she disappeared out of sight, Phoebe raced to collect her coat into her arms.

“I’m sorry! It was just a bluff – I’d never let her hurt you!” She hugged the fuzzy fake beast for all it was worth, and then carefully draped it back over its usual perch. “Never mess with Phoebe Buffay,” she said with a laugh.

###

Joey was out of breath as he got to his door and stumbled inside. He’d run practically the entire way back from Phoebe’s place, a solid twelve blocks uptown in Central Park West and up the four flights of steps once he got to the village. When he got inside, he headed for his room and disappeared, not even making eye contact with a sleepy Janine, who shuffled past him toward their shared bathroom. He thought he heard her mumble a greeting, but he didn’t care. Once in his room, he flung himself onto his bed in a heap and practically tore the zipper undoing his jeans. Joey was never one to go without a bit of sexual release when he needed it, but, given his jam-packed dating schedule, he rarely went wanting enough for the five-knuckle salute, but this was an emergency.

Despite pangs of guilt over their prank and over his being turned on by it, he couldn’t deny the unstoppable arousal he felt now, after having seen it all in real time. He took hold of his throbbing manhood after greedily freeing it and worked himself over furiously and with lightning speed. It took less than a minute before he could feel the explosive release building to the point of no return, and with a powerful grunt, he exploded, sending several pulses of white fluid hurtling several feet in the air. The evidence of his pent up desire, other than the shocking force of the orgasm, collected on his shirt and quivering right hand.

After a moment to collect his breath and calm down a bit, Joey looked down at the camera, still clutched in his left hand. He didn’t dare let himself think this way about Rachel – she and Ross had such a history that they’d never really be completely over each other, and Ross and Rachel were both among his very best friends. But…was it really Rachel he was so taken with? Or was it the events he’d just witnessed? He resolved never to show anyone the footage he’d captured, even if Phoebe tried to force him to give it up. But more than that, he resolved to figure out what it was that drove him so mad with desire, and quick. Sooner or later, he’d have to bring this up with his new girlfriend in the other room. Janine might not understand, but he had to know what had just happened, and soon.

*016*2013-02-15 16:34

Chapter 6) She Can’t Fight It

Thump. Thump. Thump! A pillow smacked down on Chandler’s head repeatedly, jolting him out of a sound sleep after the last strike hit with enough force to practically snap against his cheek. “Huh?” he muttered.

“Oh, did I wake you?” Monica retorted. “How inconsiderate of me.”

“No, no…it’s fine. I like surprises. Especially painful ones at…” he glanced at the alarm clock, “…6:12 in the morning. Remember when you used to wake me up with a kiss?”

“Alright! It’s just that my boyfriend is a complete ass – I tend to get testy about that.”

“I’m sorry, I’m not sure I know this boyfriend. Unless of course daring to sleep counts as poor manners.” Chandler rubbed his eyes and ran a hand through his frenzied hair to bring it back into line.

“I had a dream…” Monica began. She got no further because Chandler immediately cut her off.

“Whoa, whoa…unless this sentence ends with either ‘and you woke me up with a snore’ or ‘and you were so good in bed, I had too many orgasms,’ I don’t think I’m interested.” He flopped back down on his pillow and turned his back to Monica. It was barely two seconds before he felt a hard slap on the shoulder and was blinded by a bedside lamp being turned on. “But you’re just dying to tell me anyway!”

“Would you just listen?! I dreamed that I was dumb enough to be suckered into having your child, and while I was pregnant, the same thing happened to me that happened to Phoebe…and all you could do was crack jokes at my expense. And you know, it occurred to me just now that you would totally do that – you’d make fun of me for that sort of thing, you big jerk!”

Unmoving from his position on the bed, Chandler replied, his voice growing testier. “So tell me something, Monica, just so I can be clear. I made a few jokes about Phoebe – a young, healthy, NOT pregnant grown up who had a little accident. You know…the same kinds of jokes you made about Rachel a few years back? And you got through police academy while I was asleep and are now working in the future crimes division. Am I right?”

“You can’t even deny that you’d make jokes at your pregnant wife’s expense without making a joke!”

Chandler bolted to a sitting position and slapped his hands on his blanket-covered knees. “Wow! One minute I’m drowning in a puddle of my own drool, the next I’m married with a baby on the way and my wife’s playing a side kick from the movie ‘Time Cop!’”

Monica leapt to her feet and glared down at him. “OK, you go ahead and make your little jokes, Chandler. I’m gonna go pee, before I give you more ammunition.” She stormed off and slammed the door to her bedroom behind her. Chandler sat dumbfounded for a few seconds, then balled his fists and made a face like he was passing a kidney stone.

“Unbelievable…” he muttered, before getting to his feet and stumbling out into the apartment after her. When he reached the bathroom door, he could hear the sounds of her morning pee hitting toilet water and, despite the frustrating nature of their seemingly random tiff, he could feel himself stiffening under his PJs. He waited for the trickling sound to stop and then knocked on the door. “Mon…I’m sorry about what I said to Phoebe. I swear, I would never make fun of you for something like that.” A long silence followed. “I mean it. I might make fun of my friends, but you’re more than just a friend.”

“Yeah, right,” Monica muttered, loudly enough for Chandler to hear through the door.

“What do you want from me? I said I was sorry.” The toilet flushed and water ran in the sink, then Monica appeared through the newly opened door. She stood in the frame for a moment, as if trying to decide what to say next. Her lips parted and then closed again.

Finally, she sighed and folded her arms in a manner that just screamed ‘I’m not convinced,’ before opening her mouth to speak again. “Why did you say all of those things?”

“You know how I am – if there’s a joke out there, I always go for the laugh.”

“No, there was more than that going on. I know you better than that. You never make a joke if you think it’ll hurt one of your friends, and Phoebe was already upset. So what was different this time?”

“I don’t know…maybe it was my gym bag.”

“Your what? What does that have to do with anything?”

He’d been so certain when he said it that this was the right time to explain, but now he was losing his nerve. Rachel and Phoebe had found out about it years ago while searching for Monica’s Christmas gifts, but Monica herself seemed to be none the wiser. “Well I just…think…that people should…work out…or…stuff like this can happen, you know?” He was sweating…damn his nervous sweating habit! Monica looked on with obvious confusion and curiosity now. That searching stare of hers never failed to break him. “Alright, it’s not a big deal. Phoebe and Rachel just found something of mine a few years back.” He didn’t even get to finish before Monica turned and headed for the bedroom. “Wait…just let me explain first!” But she was already bound and determined to get to the bottom of this latest revelation.

She flung open the closet door in their room and found his gym bag resting in the far rear corner behind a mountain of hangers and old book boxes. “What have you got in here?” She picked up the bag and unzipped it, scanning its contents – a workout suit that desperately needed washing, a couple of water bottles, two five pound free weights, spare soap for the shower, but nothing unusual. “There’s nothing in here but workout gear that obviously hasn’t been touched in years!” And then she saw the space on the closet floor that had been beneath the gym bag. It looked like a collection of old porn based on the PlayBoy playmate poster on top. “Tsk…Chandler! You said you didn’t keep any porn.”

“Look, I’m sorry…I’ll get rid of it if that’s what you want. I just…wasn’t sure I’d stay this lucky.” Monica sighed and dropped the gym bag on the floor by her feet. “Anyway, Phoebe and Rachel never miss a chance to make fun of me for having that stuff.” Monica gave Chandler a little hug as if to shore up his confidence in their relationship in one embrace, but abruptly she pulled away.

“Wait a minute – this doesn’t make any sense. Joey and Ross have just as much porn as you. Why would they pick on you for keeping PlayBoy?” She stopped over the pile and began leafing through it. The sweat came back to Chandler’s brow. “This doesn’t look like anything that would…” she stopped cold. “Oh…God…” She very slowly picked up a magazine from the stack to examine it more closely. It looked ancient, like it’d been kept since he was a teenager, so it must have been important to him. Even more bizarre – the writing was entirely in Japanese. But emblazoned on the front cover there was no mistaking the image of a young Asian woman in a formal-looking grey pantsuit bearing a vivid dark stain running from near her belt buckle to both ankles, covering her mouth with one hand, her eyes wide with alarm.

“Now do you understand?” he answered back quietly, sounding more terrified than he’d intended.

“I don’t…I mean, I…what is this?” It was all she could think of to say.

“After my parents got divorced, my Mom took me on a trip to Tokyo to try to get my mind off of things. My Mom being the great font of parental wisdom and responsibility every struggling pre-adolescent boy needs, she handed me a one hundred yen note and told me to get myself something to read from a newsstand while she did some shopping in a lingerie shop. Don’t ask me what she bought…I’ve happily repressed it. But I found that in the restricted section and…I don’t know…it caught my eye. It’s not something I obsess over, but it’s there, and I could never bring myself to give it up.”

“So…this is an actual thing? Like…that people buy?” Monica couldn’t possibly have sounded any more incredulous if she tried. “And Phoebe and Rachel knew about this??”

“I just found out about it last Christmas. I don’t know why they didn’t blab my little secret all over New York, but they definitely know. Point is, I guess I just wanted to distance myself from that…you know I always defend myself with humor. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you sooner.”

“I can’t believe this is actually out there in print. I mean…it’s sick!”

“Oh c’mon, Mon, it’s not like it’s any worse than handcuffs and safety words, right?”

“I guess…there’s no way in hell you’ll ever catch me doing that, though, so whatever you were hoping for, you can forget it.”

“Are you kidding? You’re Monica! You stayed up half the night once because I got a coffee stain on the table cloth. It never even crossed my mind.”

###

Monica tapped her foot anxiously and checked her watch. It was just after 3:45 and she was rocking slowly back and forth in Chandler’s Barker Lounger, trying to keep her mind off of her straining bladder. Today, she had more to prove than usual. This wasn’t about demonstrating control over her body, besting herself in competition or enjoying the rush of relief when she finally hit the Jon – far from it. Today she intended to show herself that she was the master of her desires.

The neat freak in Monica was horrified at the notion that she’d taken any satisfaction in her recent accident – that just wasn’t something a proper grown woman would do! It was made all the more horrifying by this morning’s discovery that Chandler might have actually been aroused by it too, if he’d seen her. No! That couldn’t be allowed! She was not going to fall for a one-time fluke of extreme relief mistaken for pleasure – she was going to get back to her routine and prove that what happened two days ago was ‘just one of those things’ and not some sign that she was perverted deep down.

All of those familiar stages of desperation were playing out like they always had – the first urges, the intense ‘first wave’ of desperation, the comfortable lull, the dull throbbing ache, the tingling of her sphincter as pulses of pressure from her bladder forced her golden flood to the brim before she could push them back, the fidgeting and that glorious feeling of spreading heat rising into her abdomen as her insides began to churn and melt. She’d been here hundreds of times, but today was the first time she could ever recall it being a letdown. She wondered why she wasn’t excited anymore while taking part in her favorite ritual.

Two days ago, she’d been more desperate than ever in her adult life – the pain and exhilaration and tension had reached new heights while she tried to talk her mother off the phone. Her feminine center had swelled, burned and ached for release and not even the anticipation before the best sex in her life could compare with how it’d felt. Was it possible that pushing herself to those new limits of her endurance and desire had made her crave that greater challenge?

Usually, she’d be thinking about going to the bathroom at about this point, but the stakes had been raised. She had no intention of letting herself be swept away into a new addiction to such unsightly behavior, but she didn’t even want to think about losing her interest in the holding game – it’d gotten her through too many tough times to be forgotten now. Her rocking pace quickened as a painful spasm began, and at its peak, and perched herself on the edge of the massive chair and stiffened in a doubled-over position with both hands clamped between her now crossed legs. Here, she could drive her weight down through her most sensitive areas and get that little extra bit of pressure from her hands. And here, frozen in this position, the thrill seemed to return.

“Gotta pee,” she mouthed under her breath as the wave passed. Her panties began to grow damp with arousal – late was better than never, she supposed. “Oh God, I gotta pee! Gotta pee!” It was glorious again, and all it had taken was a return to that place she’d reached two days earlier. She knew she had perhaps five more minutes, based on her previous accident, so she carefully got to her feet and practically tiptoed toward the bathroom.

Apparently, she needed to push herself to the brink of disaster to enjoy this little game now, so at the very least, she thought it would be a good idea to be close to the toilet for the final moments. Every step was dangerous now, with a nonstop burning ache in her pee hole and the slightest release meaning a certain flood. She could barely keep herself contained as she reached the bathroom door – mincing as she was with both hands rubbing furiously against the crotch of her jeans for comfort and strength. Removing one hand to turn the door knob was torture, but she made it inside still in command of her faculties.

“Now be a good girl,” Monica thought. “Oh God I have to pee. Just a little longer – I’ll make it to 4:00,” she coached inside her own head. “Yeah, that’s a good goal. Ooooh…or maybe not…oh crap!” she thought as she fell into a crouch for a moment to protect her aching bladder. She didn’t dare look at the toilet sitting there a few feet away and calling her name. That’d been her mistake just now. She glanced at her watch – it read 3:54 – and some part of her realized that her five-minute estimate from before was a tad shorter than the goal she’d set, but that part of her didn’t care. The real game had finally begun and despite the almost unbearable pressure and strain, she didn’t want to see the game end. To raise the stakes further, she forced herself to stand upright again, though she did allow herself to grasp desperately at her crotch with both hands.

“Gotta pee, gotta pee gotta PEE!” she said out loud unintentionally. “Good thing no one’s here,” she thought. “I have GOT to pee…NOW!” she said, her voice rising to a higher pitch as the battle raged on inside her. “Oh no…no no no…come ON Monica…you can do this!” she urged, louder still, as her whole body began to shake with the effort. “Just a few more minutes.” She glanced again at her watch – 3:55 it mockingly reported. “That was only one minute? Oh my God!” She shuffled her feet in place as though she were running on a tiny treadmill no larger than a few bathroom tiles and periodically hopped from one foot to the other or with both feet in the air in a truly frantic effort to buy herself time. Nothing she did made that increasingly urgent, almost piercing burn in her womanhood go away.

A tear came to her eye as the pain intensified further still. “Oh my God, I gotta pee so bad!” she half whimpered, half grunted. She didn’t think it’d been this bad two days before – somehow she was keeping herself dry despite a whole new level of ecstatic desperation unlike anything she could have ever imagined. “Oh no…” she grunted as the most ferocious wave of need overtook her entire body from head to toe and forced her to freeze on the spot to focus all of her strength on holding back the tide. She thought she could feel a tiny trickle slipping past all of her defenses and further wetting her already damp labia. It was 3:58 and Monica knew she had to call off the game. She had no time left. The next impulse to shake her body would surely be her undoing!

And yet there she still was, frozen in place and staring at the toilet. “Go ahead,” she thought. “Better do it now. Come on, be good.” Her feet didn’t move. One hand slid up from her mighty and now useless crotch grabbing exploits and rested on the buckle that held up her jeans. She would simply unclasp it, pull down the zipper and sit like any normal human being over the age of three. Yet her fingers wouldn’t take hold of the buckle and still she didn’t move.

She looked down at her watch – it was 4 PM and she’d met her goal, but still she stood as if captured by some unseen force. She could feel her bladder clenching tight and her body shaking with the enormous effort of keeping herself dry. It was now or never. And in that moment, something snapped inside her and, while some part of her looked on in horror at the sheer potency of her own desires, she pulled both hands away from her pelvis and held them at her sides. A faraway look filled her face as a melting sensation spread through those overworked muscles in her gut and she let it happen. Her body gave up the fight and she relaxed.

It started as a gentle trickle, but within a few seconds, there was a roaring hiss as her pee thundered through her throbbing, engorged lips and her panties and into her jeans. She closed her eyes and sighed as electric shocks filled her spine. “Holy…crap…” she groaned, as her body rewarded her for finally letting go with wave after wave of pleasure. She nearly fainted and teetered off to one side, supporting herself against her bathroom sink and letting her body lower into a sitting posture. The pee kept coming, now gushing over her vagina and rolling down her butt cheeks to the floor, rather than running down her legs as before. This new set of feelings was the last straw. Even as her stream continued at full force, she felt an orgasm building within her and involuntarily shrieked as it reached its peak, the spasms causing the flow to be periodically staunched or accentuated.

The orgasm began to subside, but she hardly felt satiated. As her bladder finally emptied and she ran dry, she pushed a hand greedily under the waistband of her soaking wet jeans and fingered herself, not waiting for any build-up – this need was far too urgent. Within a short moment, she was rocked by another, even more powerful orgasm, and again she grunted out a high pitched shout of blissful release. This orgasm seemed to take forever to subside, though in real time, it was probably no more than a minute or two. She rode the waves like a body surfer – the only time she’d ever felt this good was in London with Chandler.

As her eyes opened and her body relaxed, fully spent from the desperate release of pee and sexuality, she felt truly alive. Nothing she’d ever done in her whole life had been anything like it, other than deciding to sleep with Chandler. It was a moment of clarity and she held onto it for as long as she could, but it wasn’t long before she realized what she’d done, and perhaps what it meant. She tried to jump to her feet, but her legs wobbled and she fell back into her own gigantic yellow puddle on the floor with a splash that brought the reality home even further. Not even attempting to move again, she collapsed into tears, her heart in her throat as panic set in. She really was a freak, and there seemed to be no fighting it.

*018*2013-02-16 02:48

Hey Lythe...

Thanks for the kind words. :) I'm getting momentum now, so there's more to come...you should see the outline for this thing...I am working in a lot of variety in future installments and I'm not entirely certain whether the story will simply end after a set number of scenes or whether I will just continue so long as I have new ideas to try out.

We'll see how that goes. :)

Oh, and BTW, a warning or perhaps a bit of good news, depending on your perspective - I do intend to get the guys involved in this too eventually...so this isn't all going to be aimed at the hetero men and the omo-bi-curious ladies...there will be other content.

*019*2013-03-02 06:44

Finally had some time to get back to the story...here is the next installment.

Chapter 7) More than He Bargained For

Arms and legs flopped wildly this way and that, though her blonde hair flapped in the breeze as she ran and the dangling yarn hanging to skirt-length from her aging 70’s era hand-knit sweater moved in a straight line through Central Park West. Phoebe was on her daily jog – she’d had to forego this ritual for a few days to avoid a nasty winter cold snap, but it was a sunny lunchtime sky and a much warmer afternoon today and she planned to take full advantage of it.

She delighted, as usual, in running with complete abandon, not caring what people would think of her madcap style – nylon-clad legs and loosely-knit sleeves flailing like a marionette controlled by a tragic victim of an epileptic fit. She saw the familiar right turn on her running route approaching and veered away into the park. As this was the first relatively mild day New Yorkers had experienced in over a week, there were dozens of joggers, bikers and walkers out and about within the confines of the tree-lined trails. And, on this day, Phoebe wasn’t indifferent to the throngs – she was pleased that so many were there.

This wasn’t going to be just any run. Phoebe was on a mission. She sprinted into the center of the park, galloping past others and noting how their heads turned to follow her for a moment. Most days, she’d simply shrug it off as an irrelevant detail, but today, it was an opportunity to prepare – a fact that announced itself even more obviously in her mind as her bladder began its telltale throbbing. Oh, she could easily finish her run and get all the way back home without this need to pee becoming an issue, but that’s not what Phoebe had in mind. As heads turned to admire her spirited, if bizarre, trip through Central Park, Phoebe pictured those eyes on her as she wantonly let loose a warm river of pee into her jogging pants and her heart skipped a beat. Just imagining what she was about to do made her damp with anticipation and that was the only encouragement she needed.

About halfway through the park, there was a large clearing and a rolling hill that sloped down toward the south. She ran straight to this common gathering place, full speed with the afterburner blasting in her heart – she wanted desperately to get to the proverbial punch line, skip to the last chapter of the story. She never was the patient type, but something inside her just knew that she was on the verge of an important moment of discovery, and that drained all desire for a slow burning build-up to this crescendo. There – up ahead – she could see the sun brightening the clearing ahead of her. She’d arrived, and not a minute too soon!

Were you a casual observer, you’d have seen a blonde bullet streaking into the sun in some kind of mad hurry, and then, without warning, slamming on the breaks – her blurry likeness coming into focus and revealing a strange, excited smile. You’d have watched this person stand still for a minute and scan the crowd from one end of the hill to the other, nod with satisfaction, and then casually jog in a new direction – toward the shade of a row of trees. You’d observe as she circled a few times, before finally settling comfortably on the grass and taking a swig from her water bottle.

Then you’d probably have looked away, satisfied that she was content to fade into the background and enjoy the odd bit of warmth in the heart of January. You wouldn’t have noticed that, after a moment, she put her hand to her heart and swallowed hard, nor that she glanced nervously around your patch of grass as though she was afraid someone was looking over her shoulder. You’d have missed that look of concentration on her face – unmistakable to anyone paying the slightest bit of attention, and passing from view periodically with a deep sigh and a frustrated grimace. If you were just out for a bite of lunch in the out of doors, you wouldn’t have noticed this battle of wills. And you’d have been sorry to learn that you’d missed such a raw display of drama.

Phoebe was caught between the irresistible force of her desire to boldly gamble her pride on this little mission and the immovable training that put her bladder on lock down. Grown women just didn’t do what she was trying to do! Some part of her mind was screaming “you can’t pee here!” and her sphincter was stubbornly obeying. She strained several times to break through that barrier, but all this accomplished was the feeling of pressure in her neck as her blood pressure climbed and her heart bounded in her ears. Every position she tried – Indian style, crouching, sitting with knees up in front of her, even standing – seemed to make this struggle worse. She couldn’t believe it – she’d been looking forward to this little excursion ever since talking to Joey about her earlier experiment!

“Well,” she thought, annoyed, “there’s nothing for it but to sit for a bit and wait it out.” She rested her chin on one knee and lazily took in the passersby. On a normal day, she enjoyed making up stories to go with the faces in the crowd. The teen with the skateboard could become a star-crossed young lover there to meet the girl he dreamed he’d find here. The elderly Asian woman on the benches sipping some sort of hot beverage from a thermos was actually an oracle who could tell your fortune or relive past lives. She even gave life stories to the trees, wondering what they’d seen in the many decades they’d stood watch over Central Park.

She hummed under her breath – a random meandering ditty she invented on the spot – and thought of words to describe her surroundings. “Easy breezy, waving trees…all the things that nature sees…old man winter’s such a perv…strips you naked as a jaybird.” She smirked, thinking she’d have to remember that line. Relaxed, she leaned against the trunk of a gnarled tree behind her, singing a little louder now. “Easy breezy, waving trees…fill the world with inner peace…can’t imagine what you’d think…knowing I was on the brink.” This song was taking on a life of its own now. “Easy breezy, waving trees…” She breathed deeply to contain her racing heart as she felt her insides melting. “You’re friend Phoebe’s gonna pee.”

The last words came from a different place in her chest – deep down and filled with longing and trepidation – and she held her breath as the floodgates finally opened. Slowly at first, the heat spread and she instinctively pushed her knees together to hide what was happening. After a few seconds at a trickle, she heard a little rush and felt rivulets of pee rolling down from her nether regions to her butt, soaking her jogging pants and French cut cotton panties.

“No one can tell,” she mouthed to herself reassuringly. “I’m peeing my pants!” she whispered breathlessly. She only hoped no one noticed her beet red face as the endless seconds ticked by, each one an eternity. People of every sort milled about in the clearing, oblivious to what she was doing. She couldn’t believe she was getting away with this. Her hands shook as she surreptitiously spread her legs just far enough apart to inspect the glistening stain on the insides of both thighs and high on her pelvis, only visible when she quickly lifted her ragtag sweater above the waist. Just to look at the evidence of her misdeed was all it took to drive her completely mad with desire.

She wobbled to her feet and dusted the grass off of her backside, quickly tugging her shirt down low enough to obscure the stain. “Bathroom, NOW” she whispered. She had another need to be tended, and if she didn’t do it soon, she thought she might explode. A gust of wind sent a shiver through her, but it wasn’t from the cold – it merely reminded her that her ass was soaking wet with her pee. “What did you do, Phoebes!” she thought, urging herself onward. “You peed your pants! It’s unbelievable! You bad girl!” Oh those words echoing in her head were completely intoxicating.

“I knew I’d find you here!” The world stopped, and for a split second, so did Phoebe’s heart. That voice was all too familiar, even though she hadn’t heard it in four years. “You look amazing,” that grizzled, romantic voice intoned. It couldn’t be him – not now, not in this moment. “Turn around and let me look into this beautiful eyes of yours – and don’t tell me you have chicken pox again.” Shocked, Phoebe slowly pivoted and locked eyes with Ryan, her submarine guy, in his dress white uniform and smiling. “Ah, see! Still as lovely as ever…and this time, pock free!” He swooped in to kiss her and sent her head dipping toward the ground behind bent waist. She was so startled that, for a moment she forgot about her previous intentions and lost herself in his embrace. And then, like a speeding locomotive, it all came back to her. Here was Ryan, as if dropped from the heavens in her hour of need, and boy was she needy.

Without a second thought, she took hold of his arm and yanked him back toward Central Park West. “C’mon, we’re going to my place.”

###

They stumbled into her apartment and Phoebe called out for Rachel. Getting no answer, much to her relief, she pushed Ryan forcefully toward her bathroom – not the destination he was expecting, but he was more than willing to play along when he saw that hunger in her eyes. “What’s gotten into you?” he asked. “Am I really so hard to resist?” He didn’t have a chance to say anything else because his mouth was swallowed up in a ferocious animal kiss as they pushed their way inside the little bathroom and Phoebe kicked the door closed behind her.

“This is how it’s gonna work, sailor,” she grunted throatily. “I’m gonna give the orders and you’re gonna follow them.” Ryan had never seen Phoebe play this kind of game before, although given his occupation, he was now a little surprised at that fact. “Is that clear?”

“Aye, ma’am!” he answered, saluting her as if she were his CO. “What are your orders?”

Without a word, Phoebe lifted her sweater over her head, revealing her pee-soaked running pants in all their glory. Ryan’s eyes grew suddenly wider than dinner plates, it seemed to Phoebe. “My God,” he stuttered. “What…happened?”

“I was bad, Ryan. So bad. I was out for a run and, just because I wanted to, I peed my pants. That’s not something grown-ups like me do, now is it?” Ryan certainly didn’t expect this turn of events – Phoebe had always seemed like such a flower to him after months in a steel tube with fifty men. But there was something about her choice of words that made his member stand at attention faster than he’d ever felt it spring to life. He was certain Phoebe wasn’t going to miss that fact. “Well?”

“Uh…I don’t think so, no, ma’am.”

“You have to punish me, Ryan.” He could barely make a guttural croak of acknowledgment. There she was in front of him, soaked from nearly her knees to just below the waist, sweating already from the intense glow of her full-body blush. He could swear he saw heat rising from her like a wave. “I gave you an order, sailor!”

“What would you have me do?” he asked, still numb from the jarring surprises she was throwing his way. One look at her almost begging eyes, and the idea came to him. In one swift motion, he lifted her up off the toilet seat and over his shoulder, reached back and slapped her hard on the ass. At the sting, she gasped and clutched at his sides passionately. He raised a hand and slammed it back down a second time, a little harder still and she squeaked her approval. “Naughty…naughty Phoebe,” he said authoritatively as he leveled another blow to the opposite butt cheek. “How could you do this? Are you five?” He was getting into the spirit of this faster than Phoebe would have imagined possible, and she loved it.

“I want to bathe in it,” she demanded, her desires interrupted only briefly by another crack of his hand against her wet bottom. “I need to be taught a lesson, I’m so bad,” she said between gasps of air. “Cover me, Ryan, now!” He didn’t seem to understand, as his posture didn’t change. “Pee on me, Ryan. That’s an order.”

The thought had never occurred to him, but now that she mentioned it, he was even more aroused. This could pose a problem. He set her back down on her feet and she immediately laid out on the bathroom floor in her white sports bra and jogging pants, waiting expectantly for him to take action. “Uh…I don’t know if you realize this about men, Phoebe, but…”

“Oh, don’t quit on me now, soldier! I’ll never behave myself if I’m not punished.”

“I’d like nothing better, but…I don’t know if I can. It’s hard to…you know…when I’m…you know! You know?”

“That’s not something a girl wants to hear. You’d better follow orders, mister. Don’t make me bust you back down to Ensign.” Encouraged by her insistence, he unzipped and extracted his extremely stiff member – the site of it made Phoebe even more desperate for release. It took him a few tries, but, much to his surprise, he was able to push out a small, fast-moving spurt of pee that splashed Phoebe just below the chin. That first little jet of warm pee startled Phoebe just a little, but she quickly reached a hand under her waistband and rubbed her soaking wet center, slowly at first. “You can do better than that,” she prodded. He tried again, and with slightly less effort, he squirted a second time, aiming this time for her breasts and soaking one of two bra cups. A fully loaded bladder was on the edge of being released completely after this second shot was fired, and, with a little concentration, Ryan was able to start his stream in earnest.

Phoebe’s breath quickened still further and she reached two fingers deep inside of herself as he guided his pee from one side of her to the other and from chin to crotch, coating every inch of her with pee other than her face – something about that didn’t seem gentlemanly to him. “You want to pee your pants like an incorrigible child? Let’s see how you like being soaked in it from head to toe. You filthy girl – you wanton little menace!” She quickened the pace of her fingering, knowing his stream would die down soon. She needed to climax while still feeling that warm salt rain pouring over her unpredictably. She was oh so close…and as the flow slowed to a trickle that danced over the arm that reached under those soaking wet pants, she exploded with a scream and her body contorted into orgasm.

“Now…take me now!” she begged, still frantically rubbing and fingering her throbbing womanhood. Ryan came prepared, quickly plucking a condom from his pocket, kicking his pants and uniform shirt to one side and diving on top of her, not caring that his undershirt was instantly soaked. He pulled her legs around his waist and slid her jogging shorts and panties off of her, freeing one leg at a time.

And, as quickly as he could manage, he was inside her, pushing in as deeply as he could go, and she was moaning even more loudly, barking incoherent orders as he began his rhythmic thrusting. Their grip on each other slipped more than once from all of the wetness around them, but he kept up the pace. With amazing speed, he felt her convulse and she squeezed him between her thighs with amazing force to keep from spending that orgasmic energy on a scream piercing enough to bring the cops down on her apartment. Ecstasy fell on her in waves, and never ceased until he groaned his way into his own spectacular climax and collapsed on top of her.

After what seemed like an eternity in heaven, the two returned to the real world together. Pee still dripped from Phoebe as she lifted herself and Ryan into a sitting position on the floor. “How long are you here for, Lieutenant?”

“Just for today – we’re in port for refueling and then we’re off.” Phoebe’s heart sank. “You’d better clean this mess up, little Missy. You were the naughty one – this’ll be part of your punishment.”

“Oh Ryan…you always know what to say!”

*022*2013-03-02 17:01

I suppose I'm getting details right because I've seen Friends more often than any other sitcom (it was syndicated on like 6 different channels at the same time at one point...I own the entire series on DVD so it came in handy when bored or looking for something to put on in the background with nothing good on TV etc).

Although...I was always the type that didn't really like writing a story without paying a lot of attention to continuity and canon rules...which is why, for example, I don't write anything in The Simpsons or Family Guy where there is ZERO continuity (since the characters never age and are stuck in time). Truth be told, I was pretty impressed with the writers of Friends for maintaining a relatively consistent timeline for their characters and making jokes occasionally that required you to remember basic facts about the characters. Really, comedy shows don't work for me without characters that grow over time so that they feel real enough to me to "buy in" and invest.

BTW vexer...sorry for the lack of response to your last PM - didn't notice the little flag on my profile. :) I'll answer the question here though...

I never wrote anything in The Nanny or King of Queens - the Nanny would give me some trouble because I only saw like half of the episodes, I'd guess...enough to know something, but not enough to really do character-specific stuff. King of Queens I've seeen most of...not sure who I'd involve in the story though. I never pictured the leading lady as someone who'd like this sort of thing. :)

*024*2013-03-02 21:57

I've added this to the fiction section as well - funny that I didn't even notice that existed until today, but I like that interface...new content will get posted there with a bump link here to keep things organized. :)

And thanks Yougi. :)

I do my best.
