Date Panic! - Page 6

Author: OmoCommando

*129*2014-01-23 04:04

Noticing the look of irritation on your date's face, you decide to speak up.

"What's wrong?" you ask.

"Sorry, this just isn't my game." Nikki says. "I know it's all proportional payouts and everything but it's just too technical and numbery for me, if that makes sense."

Hmmm… perhaps the gambling could be put on hold for now. Perhaps some food and a bit of socializing would put her at ease.

"How about we get started on dinner then?"

Nikki sighs. "Yeah, that's probably a good idea."

The two of you walk over to the restaurant...

###

Looking at the menu, you're surprised at the wonderful selection of various cuisine they have here. A nice variety of Italian, Mexican, Chinese, and more. You aren't really sure what to start with.

Looking over at Nikki again, you can't help but notice the same sour look on her face, even though she tries to hide it behind the menu, and she seems to be tapping her foot. This could simply be Nikki's typical disposition, but if you're wrong...

You don't think the date is in danger, but it might be good to spark up some conversation again.

What should you say to Nikki?

> Can I start us off with some drinks?

Beer Bourbon Martini Soda Water > What games do you like?

> What looks good on the menu?

> Do you have to go to the bathroom?

> Other

Current trust level: Second-guessing

Edit: attachments and stuff

*143*2014-01-27 01:52

Just as friendly advice, I'm going to say that putting Nikki into a stereotype is ill-advised.

###

As you look at that furrowed brow sticking out over her menu, you can't help but feel that something is bothering Nikki. You can't just stay quiet and hope that it passes.

"Are you sure everything's all right?" you ask.

Nikki glances up at you without moving her menu. "I'm fine." She replies flatly.

You quietly sigh. You also notice her foot tapping, and there's a chance it might not be out of date jitters. Maybe she's just too shy to ask it, so you'd better bring it up.

"Hey Nikki, I can't help but notice you look a little uncomfortable. Do you perhaps have to go-"

Nikki gives you the most skeptical look you've ever seen. "Do I have to go what?"

Realizing the implication of your question, you quickly retract it. "I-I mean do you perhaps have to go take some food allergy medication or something? I made that mistake once on a date and I wouldn't want it to happen to someone else!" you laugh.

Nikki chuckles a bit. "You're an odd character, you know that?" She picks her menu up again. "However, I appreciate the concern."

The two of you scan up and down the menu, trying to decide what you want. "What looks good to you?" you ask.

Nikki sighs. "I can't make up my mind, to be honest." She lays her menu back down in front of her. "I'm not feeling too picky. I'll have whatever you're having."

Dammit. Few things were as annoying as that statement. You'd have to pick something you know she'll appreciate.

What will you have for dinner?

> Lobster - 60 cR

> Chicken Skewers - 30 cR

> Rigatoni - 40 cR

> Pork Tamales - 35 cR

> Chicken Salad - 15 cR

> Pancakes - 25 cR

> Start off with drinks first, order later (specify drink)

Water - 2 cR Beer - 15 cR Bourbon - 20 cR Martini - 60 cR 25 cR Soda - 5 cR > Order both meal and drink

> Other

Current trust level: Comfortable

*145*2014-01-27 02:17

{{:

Really? Martini costs as much as lobster? The fuck, man?

Anyway, order lobster and soda.

}}

Actually, you're right. I wanted it to be expensive but wasn't comparing the price with the rest of the stuff >.<

Drink prices will be modified.

