Desperate Friendships - Page 4

Author: 222foxface222

*077*2012-05-22 15:57

{{:

I love your chapters and I, for one, will never complain that your chapters are too long. I like the regression parts and would be happy to read a side regression story if you have one ;-)

}}

Thanks, lemonhead! I do have some regression stories that I've written before, but they'd probably need a lot of editing before I could post them. I'll think about that, though--although I don't think it fits too well in this current story, I am a fan of regression if it's done right! Thanks for commenting!

{{:

Hehe, oh my, I wonder what Harry is going to do to convince Snape to shut up. Of course, I can already guess, but I just wonder how you will write that part. I already have this idea in my head where Harry turns up really desperate in Snape's office, being really obvious about it. Would be great, lol.

I still love the fact that Harry is turned on by everything which involves desperation and wetting, where Draco and Ron are more humiliated about it. And Snape being turned on by it as well... I guess that just screams for Snarry indeed, even though I don't know how many people would actually turned on by that. I actually never get turned on by the thought of Potter to be honest, it's just that he's always f*cking the handsome guys (Snape, Draco,...)!

Well, anyway, you know what I think of your story. I love it. And the longer the chapters, the better of course! :) Can't wait for the next part!

}}

Haha, you're on the right track about how Harry is going to deal with Snape. That chapter won't come for a few more, but I'm looking forward to you guys reading that one! Snarry isn't as great as Drarry, in my opinion, although it's a lot of fun to write, and it's good for a change of pace. And lol about Harry sleeping with the handsome guys, but you're totally right!

*078*2012-05-22 16:12

This chapter involves desperation (a bit) and wetting. The next few chapters take them off to the Burrow, which just gives them a whole new set of problems to deal with. The Harry/Snape chapter will come after that, but I'll try to post often so you guys aren't kept waiting for too long! Thanks for reading :)

Chapter 15

“I was going to tell you,” Harry said, pathetically.

He had gotten Ron to calm down enough to sit in the living room, but Ron refused to sit near Draco, who volunteered to wait upstairs until things had calmed down. The redhead could barely sit still, fuming with anger although he looked as if he had half a mind to break out in laughter over the sheer insanity of the situation.

“Tell me what?” Ron asked, “that you’ve fucking lost your mind? Harry, Malfoy is in your house. Eating your food!”

Harry sighed.

“I know it looks strange,” he started.

“You’re damn right it looks strange. What the bloody hell is going on?”

Harry didn’t know how to start. He had wanted to tell Ron in his own time, to ease him into the idea so he wouldn’t be so angry. But now that he had seen Draco in his kitchen, there was no breaking the news to him gently. He would just have to explain and hope he understood.

“Snape’s detention was a complete mind-fuck,” Harry began, “He took our memories and showed us our embarrassing moments and generally was a complete git about it all.”

Ron didn’t look amused. He looked ready to leave the room and never come back.

“We were locked in the dungeons afterwards, and we sort of…bonded, I guess,” Harry said. “We have more in common than you’d think. And he couldn’t go home because his father is like this dictator who fucking beats him whenever he gets the chance and so I felt bad and said he could stay here if he needed somewhere safe.”

Harry breathed deeply, waiting for his best friend’s response.

“Are you fucking serious?” Ron asked, bewildered. “You bonded? This prat has tortured you for years, and now you’re letting him stay with you?”

“It’s not just that,” Harry said, wringing his hands. “I…I like him.”

Ron stared, gawking. He knew Harry was gay, hell, he and Harry had once fooled around. But he never imagined Harry would fall for the slimy Slytherin. He watched his best friend adjusting his glasses, and realized for the first time since he had arrived at Grimmauld Place just how different Harry had seemed. Their sixth year had been plagued with Harry’s sullenness and mood changes, and Ron could attest to the nightmares that woke the entire dorm room up so often that Harry had taken to keeping himself awake as long as possible. But he hadn’t shown any of those traits since Ron had shown up on his doorstep, and while Ron had attributed it to the ease of summer, he was starting to realize that it was something more than that. Was it possible that Malfoy had been good for him? That he had brought him a happiness Ron and Hermione had been desperate yet unable to give?

“I don’t believe this, mate,” Ron said, standing to pace around the room as if he were unable to process the information. “This is all some kind of joke, right?”

“He’s really not that bad,” Harry said, “He—”

“Bollocks,” Ron said, turning to stare at his best friend. There was no way Malfoy was sincere in his friendship towards Harry, and he needed to protect his best mate from the pain he was sure to cause him very soon. “Harry, this is Malfoy we’re talking about. The same Malfoy who treats Hermione as if she were the scum of the earth, the same Malfoy who has made it his mission to torment you, the same damn Malfoy whose father probably helped you-know-who find your parents to kill them and will help him find you to kill you in your sleep.”

“He’s different,” Harry mumbled, losing his confidence. “He’s not like that once you get to know him.”

“Just do me a favor and shut up about it, mate,” Ron said, clearly angry. “I don’t need you defending him. You know damn well this is a dangerous situation and you’re willingly letting yourself be placed at the mercy of a boy whose father would like nothing more than to hand your head to you-know-who on a silver platter. He’s not worth it, Harry.”

Ron leaned against the back of the couch, but had to back away as soon as he saw Harry leap from his seat and race towards him. He was tackled to the ground, and it was a few stunned moments before he realized he would have to fight back.

“Take that back,” Harry yelled, anger replacing rational thought. “You don’t even know him. He would never do that to me!”

“Sod off, mate,” Ron breathed, struggling to push Harry off of him. “I’m just being honest, and you know it.”

He rolled Harry over until he was straddling his waist, pinning him to the ground. Years of fighting with his brothers had taught him the best ways to disarm your opponents without ever actually having to hit them. He leaned down on Harry’s shoulders when the boy actually tried to reach up and punch him. Ron was stunned; he and Harry had rarely fought, and never over something as trivial as another boy. He had seen Harry’s volatile temper many times, but had never been at the other end of his aggression.

“You know I’m right,” Ron said, trying to speak as reasonably as Hermione would in this situation. “Nothing good can come of this.”

“Get off me,” Harry grunted, pushing Ron off his chest as he rolled away and stood to his feet.

They stood staring at each other, Harry straightening his clothes and rubbing his shoulder where Ron had beared down against him. He glared in anger until Ron turned to go, preparing to travel by floo back to the Burrow. He would once more be at the mercy of his brothers, only this time it would be worse, because he wouldn’t know whether he had a best mate to turn to if things got particularly rough.

“Will you at least give it a few days and come visit the Burrow to get your head straight? Mum will kill me if she thinks I did something to make you angry, and she wanted me to bring you back so she could make sure you’ve been eating and all that.”

Harry glanced up, still seeming to be on guard, ready to fight once more.

“Just think about it, okay?” Ron asked. “Leave the snake here and take some time away from this whole fucked-up situation.”

“Just leave, Ron,” Harry said, looking away.

Ron sighed, frustration rising. Here he was remaining calm and sensible, and his best mate didn’t even want to talk with him. It was obvious who Harry had chosen, and it seemed Ron had been replaced by, of all people, Draco Malfoy.

“You know what?” Ron started, hurt. “You two are perfect for each other. Neither of you give a shit about anyone but yourselves. Should make for a lovely relationship.”

Ron flooed away without so much as a glance back, leaving Harry at a loss for words. He felt an extreme animosity towards Ron for suggesting that he abandon Draco and leave him at the mercy of his father, and yet a part of him knew that everything he had said was accurate. He had been daft to think that Lucius Malfoy would never learn of the relationship, it was only a matter of time. And, when he had found out, he would more than likely kill him himself if he didn’t pass him off to Voldemort first. He felt terribly. Ron had only been trying to protect him, and he had not only insulted him, but attacked him, throwing punches like some kind of animal. He had a pounding headache as he trudged up the stairs towards his bedroom. Had he just lost his best friend forever?

“Are you okay?”

Draco was by Harry’s side, standing from where he had been sitting at the top of the stairs. He put a hand on his shoulder as Harry looked at him searchingly.

“I couldn’t help but listen,” Draco explained. “I was nearly all the way down the stairs when I heard him attacking you.”

Harry cringed, wishing he had the energy to explain to Draco that Ron hadn’t been the one to pounce, that it had been him in a ridiculous power struggle. But he had already lost the respect of his best friend. He couldn’t bear for his boyfriend to look at him with disgust as well.

“Can we just go to bed?” Harry asked, suddenly exhausted.

Draco nodded, but looked at the other boy with a hint of insecurity.

“Harry,” he chanced. “Maybe Weasley’s right. If my father found out--”

“Shut up, Dray,” Harry said quietly, shoulders slumped. “And take me to bed.”

###

When Harry woke up the next morning, it was to the smell of a hot breakfast, and the warmth of Draco’s small body beside him.

“How’re you feeling?” the blonde asked as Harry rolled towards him, rubbing his eyes as he groped for his glasses on the nightstand.

.

Harry groaned and flopped back onto the bed, abandoning his search as the memories of the night before and his altercation with Ron came back to him in an instant.

“Like shit,” he mumbled, throwing an arm over his eyes to block out the light that was hurting them.

Draco snuggled close and kissed Harry on the forehead as he reached over him to find his glasses; it was a strange departure from the days previous. For once, Draco was the one taking care of Harry. The roles had somehow shifted in the course of one night; Harry felt relieved as Draco hooked his glasses behind his ears, took him in his arms, and brushed the hair out of his eyes.

“It’ll all be okay,” Draco told him. “We’ll think of something.”

Harry nuzzled his head against Draco’s chest, and hoped the blonde boy didn’t feel him squirm. But Draco had gotten far too skilled at watching for the signs.

“Do you have to pee?”

Harry shook his head, squeezing his eyes closed. He felt embarrassment over their games after the ordeals of last night; any hint of the quietly sexual world he and Draco had inhabited for the first few days of the summer holiday only reminded him of the neglect he had shown towards Ron. Besides, last time he had wet himself, Draco had been angry enough to question their entire relationship. He would just have to hold it.

“No,” Harry lied.

Draco sighed as he lifted Harry’s t-shirt and ran a hand down the boy’s chest until it was placed on top of his full bladder, rounded out, a change from the toned flatness Draco was used to.

“You don’t have to lie about it,” he said as he kissed Harry’s temple. “I don’t mind.”

“‘m Sorry,” Harry mumbled as he unwrapped his arm from Draco’s waist and placed his hand between his thighs. He hadn’t pissed before bed and now he was desperate.

Draco shushed Harry’s concerns and stroked his hair.

“Just let it out,” he whispered into his ear, “It's just you and me, and I won’t tell anyone.”

Harry shook his head. He wanted nothing more than to pee his pajama pants in bed, to let himself go and to feel the hot wetness seep down his legs, but, in light of the night before, it somehow seemed wrong. Besides, what if Draco still thought he was disgusting? He felt his face heat with embarrassment; he was such a child, sitting in bed wanting nothing more than to wet himself. He believed he had long gotten over the shame of his little habit, but he could not help but blush now. He had let his best friend down, and it all just seemed so silly and immature in comparison. What if Ron never forgave him?

“You don't have to fight it,” Draco urged, “I know you’ll feel better if you let it go. And I don't mind, honestly.”

Harry let out a small squeak as he felt a strong urge. His legs twisted together and he buried his head under Draco’s arm, blushing to his ears. He felt so conflicted, embarrassed to wet himself but desperate to do so. Draco seemed to be giving him permission, and he knew it would make him feel better. Besides, he did not think he had the strength to get up out of bed and use the loo.

“Can’t hold it any more,” he said through clenched teeth, head beneath Draco’s arm. “I’m gonna…”

Draco ran his hands up and down the side of Harry’s face, rubbing the boy’s cheek with his fingers.

“Shh,” he said. “It’s alright. Just relax.”

Harry shook his head from side to side again.

“No, no, no, no, no,” he chanted subconsciously. He felt the tears in his eyes; he felt as helpless as when he was living with the Dursleys, locked under the cupboard. He wanted more than anything to wet the bed, but guilt tore at his mind, screaming at him to get out from under the blankets, to leave Draco’s warm embrace.

It happened slowly at first, trickles of urine that Harry felt dampen his briefs, a feeling like that of sitting in class as a first-year, begging the time to finish and hoping to god the wet spot wouldn’t show on his jeans when he took off his robes to change for the Quidditch pitch in front of the older students, hoping he wouldn’t soak himself while Snape wandered the aisles of the classroom, the he wouldn’t pee on the floor and have Hermione identify his small bladder as a medical conundrum she was sure to find the proper potion for if she could only be granted permission into the Restricted Section of the Library.

Draco held Harry as he cried, and it was only after Harry had quieted down, had collapsed against him and let the tears flow silently down his cheeks that Draco felt the fast heat on the leg he had placed between Harry’s. He could hear the hissing as it wet Harry’s pants and soaked into the sheets, as it trickled off their legs and poured into the mattress. Harry cried silently as he pissed, his thin cotton pajamas clinging to him, the pee cascading down his crotch and onto his ass, wetting his backside and leaving him sitting in a large, warm puddle. It felt a relief to relax, concentrating only on Draco’s touch as he voided into his pants and the sheets above his thighs turned nearly transparent, wetting purposefully in a way Ron would never understand.

“Better?” Draco said quietly when he felt the stream stop.

Harry nodded, choking on a sob.

“He hates me,” he sniffed, throat tight.

Draco rubbed his back and kept him close, reaching a hand down to feel Harry’s wet crotch. He squeezed the warm fabric in his palm, letting the wetness trickle to the back of his hand.

“We’ll figure it out today. Don’t worry. It will all be alright.”

When Harry heard a voice in the doorway he ducked down under the sheets so as not to be seen. He hoped to god the wetness of the bed wasn’t visible.

“Are you two going to sleep all day?” Hermione asked. “Breakfast is getting cold.”

The fact that he had sent for Hermione had completely slipped his mind. The fact that she would show up at Grimmauld Place the very next day was nothing to be surprised about, and yet Harry had somehow forgotten just how punctual she always was. He began to stammer some kind of explanation; there was no doubt she was shocked to find him lying in bed with Draco Malfoy. But Hermione ignored him, placing a hand on her hip as she spoke to them from the doorway.

“Change out of your wet things and come eat,” she said, signaling to both boys that she knew the state of their sheets. “I’ll need to hear the whole story if I’m to get Ron to understand all of this.”

Hermione closed the door as she left, leaving Harry and Draco both abashed and taken aback, shocked that they had been walked in on. Harry glanced up at Draco, worried he would scream and yell, that he would flip out because Hermione was in the house, because she had seen them together and in a wet bed that very well could have been caused by Draco just as much as Harry. He worried Draco would call Hermione the names he always had at Hogwarts, but as he watched him out of the corner of his eye, he noticed a slight smile playing at the corner of the boy’s mouth. Harry turned to face him just as he began to laugh.

“You should have seen yourself,” Draco snorted, “Ducking down under the sheets as if that could hide you. You’re soaked through!”

Harry glanced down at himself and the sopping wet bed sheets, breaking out into laughter at the ridiculousness of the situation. It just seemed to be one thing after another lately, and he knew if they didn’t laugh they would cry.

“Did you see the look in her eye?” Harry asked, leaning on Draco as he laughed. “I’ll bet she never expected to find her best friend lying in a wet bed like a four year old.”

Draco smiled and ran his hands down the wet insides of Harry’s legs.

“Yes, but you look so cute when you’re all pissy and sopping,” Draco teased, his voice deeper than before. “It’s a wonder she could keep her hands off you.”

Harry smirked devilishly as he kissed Draco, letting him feel the wetness of his pants and boxer briefs, letting him get himself off before they changed and retreated downstairs back to real life.

###

*082*2012-05-23 05:50

Thanks for the comments, everyone! I'm really glad you're all liking the story and it always makes me smile to hear your feedback! As a thank you, I decided to post the next chapter a bit earlier than I'd expected (I really should be sleeping right now since I have work in the morning, but you guys are worth it.).

This chapter only has a few mentions of omorashi, although the next chapters all feature wetting or desperation, so bear with me if that's what you're waiting for. I know the chapters with wetting are obviously the most popular, but I have to put the characters in the right situations first, so some chapters just need to forward the plot! I've done my best to add in some mentions here and there, however! Anyway, Enjoy!

Chapter 16

Harry and Draco met Hermione in the kitchen, taking seats on the stools while she set plates of toast and scrambled eggs on the counter. She eyed them carefully as they entered, obviously attempting to gauge the situation at hand.

“So,” she said, leaning on the counter across from them. “Care to explain?”

Harry chose his words carefully as he launched into an explanation of just why he was sitting in Grimmauld Place eating breakfast with a boy he supposedly abhorred. His most recent explanation had not gone well, and Ron had stormed away from him, possibly forever, and so he took his time to express his honest thoughts; the last thing he wanted was to alienate yet another best friend. Hermione listened carefully, and although he could tell she wanted to ask questions or express her anger towards Snape for subjecting them to a detention that would never be sanctioned under the Hogwarts code of ethics, she waited until he was finished. Draco played with his food and rarely looked up from his plate, knowing he had never had a great track record with the girl, who had often been on the other end of his most unkind taunts.

“And now Ron probably hates me and will never speak to me again,” Harry finished, unable to keep the worry from his voice.

“Harry, Ron could never hate you,” Hermione said in the sure, unapologetic way that he had come to expect from her. “But you are going to have to apologize to him. He’s just concerned about you. And probably a bit jealous.”

She glanced over towards Draco, who tipped his chin upwards in defiance as she scrutinized him, not liking the judgment in her eyes. He knew she was wondering whether he were going to turn on Harry and give him up to the Death Eaters, whether he was really acting with some kind of ulterior motive, and it angered him. He felt closer to Harry than anyone else in the world, and he was not about to ruin that by allowing his father to interfere. He wished he knew how he could make Harry’s friends trust him.

“I still wet the bed,” Draco said as he took Harry’s hand in his own. He spoke matter-of-factly, looking her straight in the eye. “I know it’s not much, but if this were all an act would I tell you that?”

She looked at him and then down towards their clasped hands.

“Alright,” she said, and Harry recognized that she had decided to take on the situation. He was grateful; if anyone could get Ron to see reason it would be Hermione. Draco, for his part, was simply glad she had chosen not to press the issue of his bedwetting. “I’ll talk to Ron. You two have done enough damage on that front as it is. ”

She stood and took Harry and Draco’s empty plates to the sink, ignoring the looks the boys were passing back and forth to each other. It would be quite the task, but she was not about to have her friendship with Harry and Ron split up over what she anticipated to be nothing more than a summer love-affair.

“Go shower,” she suggested, wrinkling her nose. “You both smell like pee.”

###

It took a few days and a visit to the Burrow by an apologetic Harry and a forceful Hermione, but both Ron eventually came around, albeit sullenly. Over the course of the persuasion, Hermione had given Draco and Harry her blessing after seeing just how good they were for each other. Like Harry, she had come to understand that Draco’s toughness was little more than an act placed on for the benefit of his father and the other students at Hogwarts. It was her acceptance of the relationship that finally caused Ron to come around to the idea, or at least agree to get to know the Slytherin outside of the hallways and classrooms of Hogwarts.

Harry and Draco had been selective in exactly what they had told Hermione, although Draco had been quite open about the abuse he had suffered at the hands of his father, knowing it was a necessary admission were Hermione to fully understand the vulnerability he had been degraded to after the detention.

At last, Ron agreed to spend the rest of the summer at Grimmauld Place in order to get to know Draco, to give him a chance. The only hitch in the plan was that Mrs. Weasley would not let him go unless he brought Harry and Hermione to the Burrow for a weekend first. She had missed them, and wanted to check in to make sure they were not underfed or unwashed. It was assumed Draco would stay back, but when she overheard Hermione and Ron discussing the fact that he was staying at Grimmauld Place with Harry, Mrs. Weasley would not give them peace until Ron agreed that Draco could come along as well. She may not have been a fan of Draco’s father, but she knew any friend of Harry’s had something good deep down that was worth uncovering.

Harry and Hermione both knew Draco would argue, that the last place he would want to be was the cluttered, ramshackle home of the Weasleys, but they knew they would have to get him to agree if they had any chance of reconciling Harry and Ron. If Hermione could convince Ron to give the relationship a shot, Harry could certainly convince Draco to accept the hospitality of Mrs. Weasley. It had taken a lot of cajoling, but the blonde at last agreed to the arrangement as a favor to Harry, although he regretted the decision almost immediately.

“I don’t think I should go,” Draco said for the hundredth time as he and Harry packed their rucksacks for the weekend. He looked even paler than usual, and hadn’t been eating well since it was announced that he would be joining Harry and Hermione on their trip to the Burrow.

“It’ll be fine,” Harry said, rubbing Draco’s back. “Mrs. Weasley will love you.”

“Weasley won’t. He hates me.”

Harry sighed.

“Don’t sulk,” he said. “You know this has been hard for Ron. He’s coming around to the idea, it’s just been a bit of a shock for him. You’ve sort of comandeered his best mate and all of a sudden he’s supposed to chance his entire opinion of someone he’s known only as an enemy. It’s only three days, Dray, and I’ll be with you the whole time.”

He kissed Draco on the forehead.

“Can’t you just tell them I’m sick, or something?” Draco asked, hopefully.

Harry shook his head.

“Ron would get in trouble with his mum if she thought he had done anything to make you feel unwelcome. We’ll get through it all together.”

Draco sat on the end of the bed.

“Until you brought me here, I’d never slept over at someone else’s house,” Draco confessed. “I was never allowed to. I’m bad at playing the role of house guest.”

Harry knew that Draco had been practicing drying spells with Hermione when they thought Harry was preoccupied with something else. Draco must be exceptionally apprehensive if he had broken down enough to ask Hermione for help.

“I’ll be there with you the whole time,” Harry said. “And, besides, you’ll try harder not to pee the bed.”

Draco nodded hesitantly, surprised at Harry’s suggestion. Did Harry think he hadn’t been trying? Did he think he wet on purpose, the way Harry did when he was feeling aroused? Draco wanted Harry to be there for him, but it seemed he still did not fully understand just how embarrassing it was to still be wetting the bed at seventeen years old. Draco was nearly exasperated by the entire sequence of recent events, and had half a mind to retreat back to Hogwarts and apologize to his Uncle Snape rather than subject himself to what he imagined was a home filled with antique sewing machines and tacky framed children’s drawings.

Harry was distracted from Draco’s concerns, worried that Ron had not yet forgiven him. He remembered how strange Ron had acted the first time Harry had spent the night at the Burrow. It was only after two nights of barely sleeping that Ron had confessed to Harry that he wet the bed not only once in a while, like he had told him in the first weeks of their time at school together, but almost every night. Ron had been convinced Harry wouldn’t want to be friends with him anymore, and Harry had needed to assure him many times that the wetting did not make him think any less of Ron. What he hadn’t told him was just how much the idea fascinated him.

Even before he had hit puberty, Harry was starting to become conscious of his obsession with wetting. And one night, after he had forced himself to pee the bed and had been able to admit his problem to Mrs. Weasley, he felt the draw even more in the way she hugged him and told him it was alright and led him to the bathroom to take a shower, in the way she gave him extra attention throughout the day and gently reminded him not to drink anything when it got close to bedtime. He knew he would get obsessed with the attention and the love, and it had been a terrible struggle against doing it again, one that he didn’t always win. Harry guessed that Ron suspected the intents behind his “accidents,” but it was to his best friend’s credit that Mrs. Weasley was never told of the purposefulness of Harry’s wet beds. Harry wondered if she still remembered those nights, if she had ever guessed what had really been going on.

The morning passed far too quickly for Draco, and, before he knew it, the time had come to travel to the Burrow. Hermione went first, and Harry insisted Draco go ahead next, saying he wanted to test to make sure the house was protected by Hermione’s charms while they were gone one final time, although Draco knew the real reason was that he didn’t fully trust Draco to follow behind were he to let him floo last.

“It will all by fine,” Harry assured him one last time before kissing him on the cheek and leading him into the fireplace.

The three guests were welcomed by the entire Weasley family, who hugged Harry and Hermione, and shook Draco’s hand politely. He could sense some animosity in the manner of Ron and his brothers and sister, and even in Mr. Weasley, but Mrs. Weasley pulled him into a hug and told him he had grown up into a very handsome young man. The Weasleys had been told that Draco was spending time at Grimmauld Place while his family travelled, that Snape decided the safe house of the Order to be the best place for the boy, despite Harry’s presence there.

“Mr. Weasley and I attended a Ministry Party years ago at Malfoy Manor,” Mrs. Weasley said, smiling widely as she ushered them all into the living room. “I’m sure you don’t remember, but you were just adorable, gretting everyone at the door and offering to take their coats to the next room. You must have been only four or five at the time, but a perfect gentleman even then.”

Draco smiled weakly. He remembered that party well. Even as a young boy, he had realized the work his father had assigned him had been work for House Elves. It had been a punishment assigned to him after Draco had wet his pants during an important dinner the week before. His father had been entertaining colleagues from the Ministry, and when the conversation went on for more than three hours, Draco got desperate to pee. He was not allowed to speak while at the dinner table, and all he could do was clutch himself between the legs and pray not to let go in his new dress robes. He remembered his face getting red when he felt the pee begin to seep into his clothes, remembered the way one of his father’s colleagues had raised his thinly plucked eyebrows across the table from Draco when he heard the trickle of wetness fall from the chair to the hardwood floor, clucking his tongue and shaking his head slightly from side to side.

“It appears your son is as weak as your arguments on this subject, Lucius,” the man had said, his voice loud and condescending. “You may want to focus a bit more of your time on teaching the boy some of that Malfoy self-control and a bit less time thinking up pompous excuses for your lack of knowledge on Ministry affairs.”

Lucius had forced him to take off his dress robes and mop up his own mess with the garment, had let the entire dinner table watch as he took Draco over his knee and spanked him. Draco did not cry, knowing it would make his father angrier, but, two and a half hours later, sitting listening to the same conversation, wearing nothing but his wet, soiled underwear, he peed again, the hot wetness streaming down his legs, dripping off his feet and pooling under his chair with loud trickling. He grabbed at himself but it was no use, and he wet himself again. It had been what his father had been waiting for; he had been proving to his colleagues that he was not one to give in to weakness, not even his own son’s. He had been shaming the man with the plucked eyebrows for embarrassing his boy in front of the whole room, for forcing Lucius to make an example of a five-year-old boy.

“Yes, I remember,” Draco choked, his mouth dry.

Mrs. Weasley smiled warmly once again at the blonde boy. She recognized he pain in his eyes and tried not to think of the horrors the boy had probably been subjected to as the son of Lucius Malfoy.

They sat down to dinner after the three guests had dropped their things in Ginny’s or Ron’s bedrooms, and Draco observed that Harry had seemed to come alive under the gaze of the Weasleys. They all looked at him as if he were a part of their own family, as if they had missed him like a long-lost son. He was the center of attention at the Weasley table, able to laugh when Fred and George passed each other faulty salt shakers, wink at Ginny when her parents said something ridiculous, and knock his elbow into Ron in a way that made him feel included, nudged into the limelight. Draco picked at his food and tried to remain personable, but he already wished he hadn’t come.

“And, Draco, honey, what are your plans for the rest of the summer?” Mrs. Weasley asked.

Suddenly, the eyes were turned onto him, who had been staring at his mashed potatoes, moving them around with the tip of his fork.

“Um, I…” he tried to think of something witty to say, something that would make them like him, find him endearing, but nothing came to him, and they all just stared.

“He’s planning to spend the summer blocking out the bad memories of Professor Snape’s lectures,” Harry said, coming to his rescue.

Everyone laughed, and Fred and George launched into twin impersonations of Snape giving out ridiculous punishments.

“Mr. Longbottom, twenty points from Gryffindor for you lack of discretion. How dare you sneeze in my classroom?”

“Miss Clearwater, fifty points from Ravenclaw for that tasteless blue eye shadow you are wearing.”

The table broke once again into amiable conversation, and Draco was forgotten about for the time being. He felt alone, and wished he could go home, wherever that was.

###

*084*2012-05-26 16:26

{{:

Ugh, why am I getting so careless with reviewing?! The chapter with Harry wetting after he and Ron fought is so complex that I probably won't be able to review in as much depth as I want to!

It was such a fantastic chapter, though, and of course I love to see Harry's explosive unpredictable temper. Love it. Ron is characterized so well, and I especially loved the part about Ron realizing that Draco brings Harry a peacefulness, calmness, and happiness that he and Hermione haven't been able to. I got the impression that not only is he holding resentment against Draco for lashing out at all of them (an actually vulnerable Draco trying to bring others down to his level of unhappiness), but he is also jealous that Draco can provide Harry that calmness.

The bit about Harry not wanting to wet the bed was so complex, also- feeling guilty for getting pleasure out of something that causes Ron and Draco so much humiliation, and also not wanting to engage in his own sexual pleasures right after he's just had a (subtly) emotional fight with his best friend. I loved the shift in perspective at that moment, too: going from Harry to Draco feeling Harry peeing against his leg. Just great!

}}

Ryoku, don't worry if you forget to review here and there--your reviews are worth waiting for, and more in-depth and thoughtful than I've ever seen on this site! I honestly can't thank you enough for your support of this story, and I'm glad the complexity of the story is coming through and that you are always able to understand what it is I'm trying to get across!

{{:

WOO for Hermione! I really should have expected that you would write so well for her, and at this point it's just my obliviousness that caused my surprise when I read such a phenomenally written character. I love how she takes everything as it is and doesn't tell Harry how he's wrong or that he needs to be careful.

}}

My favorite part of Hermione is how much more level-headed and all-knowing she is in comparison to the other characters in the books, so I wanted to play that up here, and I'm glad it works for you!

{{:

Okay... this next bit I'm going to rave about because if ANYTHING deserves to be praised as high as the heavens, it's this: I LOVED how part of Harry's fascination with wetting came from Molly Weasley caring for him after he wet the bed. Again? I LOVED IT. One more time? I. LOVED. IT. I can't even express how much I loved that description, and now I'm going to tell you why. The fact that Ron's upbringing is pretty much literally the antithesis of Harry's upbringing is expressed in the book, which is why Harry loves Ron, his house, and his family so much. The bit about Molly's love, affection, and attention furthering his budding fascination with wetting was one of the best things in your story so far (only surpassed by Harry and Draco's roleplay).

Just as many females who grow up without father figures become desperate for male attention, Harry, who had grown up without parents and parental affection, was so drawn to Molly's care for him after he wet the bed, which became a sexual attraction for him. I assume his obsessions with wetting come from the vulnerability anyone feels after having wet the bed or had an accident, and subsequently receiving such loving care afterwards. And for Harry, with his lack of anything like that as a child, it's most likely an addictive feeling. This is my own analysis of this aspect of your story, which is SO psychologically complex that I LOVE IT, and of course, I have no formal education in psychology, so if none of this makes any sense in psychology terms, then I just need to stop talking and rethink everything. It's probably not explained as well as I had thought, so forgive me for being unable to articulate what I'm thinking as clearly as I wanted to.

}}

You are spot-on with what I was trying to get across, and you'll see another aspect of this in the next chapter as well. For me, omorashi will always be tied up in vulnerability and, in a sense, being cared for, which is why Mrs. Weasley adds an entirely new dimension in her role as substitute-mother for Harry. I've never studied psychology, either, so I'm glad it seems plausible and that you got all of that from what is essentially only one or two paragraphs of that chapter! I love you for picking up on all of this! :D

{{:

I loved the bit about Draco working at the party after he had wet at an important meeting (the line about Draco being as weak as Lucius' argument was so funny, albeit horribly offensive). Of course, as I've said, I don't rejoice in their pain, but in the realistic...ness (not a real word, haha) of the situation. Lucius must be ruthless to be a Deatheater (though I doubt he would show any sympathy for Draco regardless, due to his desire for perfection, strength, and honor in his family), and in order to save face in the presence of his colleagues, he mustn't go easy on Draco for showing the weaknesses he so despises.

The scene at the Weasley's dinner table was a pleasure to read, also, as was the description of Harry loving being with the family. It's so great that Draco gets to see Harry and the Weasley's so carefree, so he can better understand Ron's life, and Harry's relationship with Ron and his family. It is sad, however, to see Draco feeling badly about his own family life being so radically different, and so much more oppressive to him.

Anyway, here's my terribly long review. Have fun taking as long to read it as it took me to write it. lol, update! So I can leave some more terribly long reviews for you!

}}

I'm glad both of those scenes worked well for you. I wanted to put them close together as a sort of contrast between Draco/Harry's upbringing and the Weasley kids' upbringing, and it's a lot of fun to write new characters besides Harry and Draco (who I love to write for, of course, although sometimes getting into the mindset of Fred and George or Lucius is too much to resist).

Part of me is still kind of shocked that people even like this story, which is why I'm so grateful for wonderful reviewers like you. You spoil me with all of your kind words and I also appreciate your honesty when there are things that don't work as well for you. I really don't know what to say other than thank you a million times :wub: !

New chapter up soon!

{{:

Hooray for Hermione!

My oh my, what can I say dear fox? Well, really, I just don't know what to say.

I don't know what the title ''original poster'' means, but it should be ''brilliant writer''.

'Nuff said. :)

}}

{{:

Another winning chapter. You, my friend, have skills.

}}

Thanks, guys--I realized I never responded to you because I was rushing to post the next chapter, but I really appreciate your support and hope you'll like the next chapter!

*085*2012-05-26 16:36

Here's the next chapter. This one features omorashi more prominently than the last one, and also introduces a new semi-relationship between Harry and Ginny that is really just an extension of the feelings Harry has towards his lack of a caring upbringing. I'm not looking to add regression into this story (I'm a fan of it, as I've said before, but I want to keep it mostly out of this story for the time being), but that one section does have hints of it in order to further explain his obsession with wetting and desperation, and I think it makes sense in the context. I'm curious to see what you guys like or dislike about that section (and the others, of course)! Thanks for reading :)

Chapter 17

He would try, he really would. If Harry believed he could work harder at not wetting, that was exactly what Draco would do. He knew Weasley was just annoyed enough to spread the rumors that would ruin Draco’s reputation and bring shame to his family. His pumpkin juice from dinner had barely been touched, and he hadn’t accepted anything to drink after that. He had even waited until the last minute before bedtime to use the bathroom and empty himself.

Harry and Ron had been playing chess before they all went to sleep, and Draco was feeling drowsy, watching the game. He wanted to tell Harry the moves he had planned in his head, moves that would catch Weasley off-guard, set him in place to win the game, but he didn’t want the redhead to show him any more animosity.

For his part, Weasley had been civil to Draco, even if it were a bit forced. The three boys had played Quidditch outside after dinner with the others, and Weasley had picked Draco first to be on his team. It was all show, because the twins had already agreed to join against the three younger boys in a two-person team while Ginny helped clean up from dinner, but Draco figured he was trying, at least.

Harry seemed more distant than ever when they all changed into pajamas and went to bed sometime in the early hours of the morning. Mrs. Weasley had stuck her head into the room around midnight to wish them all good dreams and to urge them not to stay up too late. She knew her pleas would go unanswered, but Harry and Weasley somehow seemed to appreciate her concern. Draco was shocked that a mother could seem so carefree, so easy-going and full of kindness for even those who were not her own children. Despite himself, he was drawn to Mrs. Weasley, to the way she rested her hand on Weasley’s shoulder as she asked him to clear the plates from the table, the way she cupped Harry’s chin in her hand as she appraised how much like his father he was looking, the way she stroked Granger’s hair as they sat talking after dinner and braided it effortlessly..

Draco wanted to talk to Harry alone before they went to bed. Despite himself, he was scared to sleep at someone else’s house. Everything felt foreign and strange; the household was too unstructured, too rambunctious. He wanted more than anything to just be back in his familiar bed at Hogwarts or in Harry’s embrace at Grimmauld Place. He needed to find Harry, needed the boy to tell him it would all be alright, that he had come up with a plan in case Draco pissed the bed, or that the blonde could wake him up if he needed him. But when Draco got back into Weasley’s room, Harry had disappeared.

“He went to Ginny’s room,” Weasley said in a grunt, noticing Draco scanning the room. “They’ll be snogging until they’re exhausted.”

Draco didn’t mean to look so confused, so betrayed. And, if he hadn’t been so preoccupied with his own problems, he may have previously noticed the way Harry teased Ginny, the way she smiled at him across a room of people and tried to touch him whenever she could. If he hadn’t been so preoccupied, he may not have been taken so much off-guard.

“Don’t look so jealous,” Weasley mumbled, “It’s just something they play at. She knows he’ll never be into her, it’s just always been like that between the two of them. They just like playing games.”

Draco closed his mouth and climbed into the cot that had been set up for him between Weasley and Harry’s beds. It was a warm night, and the bedroom was stifling in the heat; Draco felt as if he could not breathe. He was too close to the boy on his right, who flicked off the lights and rolled over, pulling the sheet up past his head, the blankets kicked down to the foot of the bed. Draco thought he was asleep, thought the slow breathing meant Weasley had passed out and wouldn’t be awake until the morning, but after half an hour of staring at the ceiling, he heard Weasley speak. .

“You better not be playing at this just to get close to him and then turn on him,” he said.

Draco turned to look at Weasley, but the boy had his back to him and the sheet still over his head. The sky was already filling with a soft light as he looked past the boy through the opened window despite the fact that they had only gone to bed a short time ago. He could hear the twins across the hall still up to who knows what and someone traipsing down the stairs loudly. What kind of household allowed its children to stay up all hours of the night?

“I’m not,” Draco said, frustrated. He didn’t want to have to defend himself. Why had he agreed to come? Harry had abandoned him, leaving him in the clutches of unrefined, hostile Weasleys.

Weasley turned over and tossed the sheet off himself, as if he had just been waiting for the chance to get into an argument.

“Then what the hell is this?” he asked. “None of it makes sense. Maybe Harry can’t see past it all, but someone doesn’t make your like a fucking hell one day, and then become your best mate the next.”

And then Draco realized why Weasley had been so defensive from the beginning. He was jealous. He was scared Draco had replaced him as Harry’s best friend.

“He already has a best friend,” Draco mumbled, just wanting to be left alone.

The boy was quiet, and Draco could see even in the dark room that he was looking him up and down, trying to gauge whether he was being truthful or not.

“I’m not trying to replace you, if that’s what you’re worried about,” Draco sighed, “I needed somewhere to stay, and Harry took me in. I owe him too much to bring my fucked up problems into the lives of his friends. Not that it’s any of your damn business, anyway”

“It’s my business if my best mate is being fooled by your pathetic little act,” Weasley said, sitting up in bed. Draco followed suit, glaring at him in the half-darkened room as he broke into a sinister laugh.

“Oh, I’m pathetic?” Draco questioned, not allowing the edge of harshness to leave his voice. “God, you’re so obsessed with him you can’t even let him make his own decisions, can you? Are you gonna go cry to mommy? She certainly does everything else for her little baby, so why shouldn’t she manage your friendships as well?”

Weasley placed his feet on the floor, ready to jump to his feet as he warned Draco to leave his mother out of it all. His jaw was clenched and his eyes round and angry; Draco had the sense he was ready to fight, had been intentionally provoking Draco towards it and was now only waiting for him to make the first move. Draco would have liked nothing more than to beat him up and put him in his place. Had they been at Hogwarts, he would have already shown the boy what he was capable of, would have struck him two quick jabs to his face before the other could have even raised his fists.

But they were no longer on neutral ground, and he was not about to hit the boy in his own house. Besides, he knew the Weasel would use the fight against him, that he would get Harry to turn on him and his mother to ban him from the Burrow. And, as much as Draco wanted to show the redhead the error of his idiotic ways, the thought of returning alone to Grimmauld Place, of leaving Harry alone with a family who would more than likely convince him to throw Draco to the dogs was too much. He needed to stay, as much as he hated the shabby rooms and dusty hallways.

“Not so tough without your cronies,” Weasley taunted, turning over and ending the subject.

Draco tried not to give in to anger, fought against leaping out of bed and pummelling the Weasel until he bled all over his mommy’s perfectly tucked-in sheets. He clenched his fists and focused on breathing. What right did he have to judge him? He swallowed and realized he was taking shallow, hurried breaths. If he didn’t get out of the room, if he didn’t leave the presence of the redhead, he would give in to the frustration and anger, and Harry would never forgive him. It was only once he had stormed out of the room, hurried down the stairs and was pacing in the back yard that he realized it was probably what Weasley had wanted all along.

###

“It’s getting bad,” Harry whispered as Ginny ran her fingers along his stomach.

“You’re not going to have an accident, are you?”

She spoke in a light voice, moaning softly as she saw Harry pluck at the crotch of his jeans. She had specifically asked him not to change into his pajamas yet.

“Shut up,” he smiled, smiling sideways. “I can hold it..”

It had started the summer after Ginny’s first year at Hogwarts, one night when she found Harry in the hallway outside Ron’s room at the Burrow. She was only eleven, and he nearly twelve. He stopped short and stared, and it wasn’t hard for her to see the wetness across his crotch and down his legs.

“Oh, Harry,” she said, surprised. She was familiar with her brothers’ wettings, but she hadn’t assumed Harry was a bed-wetter, too.

“I—I—didn’t mean to,” he stammered, trying to cover the wetness with his hands.

Ginny had approached him, shushing as she put a finger to his lips. Did all boys wet the bed? Were they all just toddlers, needing someone to care for them? She moved his hands out of the way and, without realizing what she was doing, placed her own hand against harry’s wet thigh. Even as a little girl, she liked to see her brothers in wet pants. She waited in excitement for the days her mother punished Fred or George or Ron or even Charlie and Bill by forcing them to go down to breakfast in their wet pajamas. She remembered playing outside with Ron before they had been sent to Hogwarts, remembered the way his face scrunched up as he danced from foot to foot right before he had an accident. He always started to cry right before the pee surged into his pants, right before he squeezed and grabbed as the wetness spread.

“It—I—it was an accident,” Harry explained. “Don’t tell Ron.”

She could see the redness of his cheeks even in the darkness, the tears in his eyes. It was such a small thing, wetting the bed. And yet she had seen it reduce each of her brothers at one time or another into tears. Ron had cried for weeks before going to Hogwarts, Fred and George cried when they couldn’t go to sleepovers, Bill cried the time he fell asleep in the car and peed all over himself. Even Charlie had cried, the day Bill got angry and told their friends he still peed the bed like a little boy. And, through it all, Ginny had watched as her mother shushed the tears, as she cleaned sheets and handed over dry underwear, as she warned against late-night drinks and put waterproof spells on the mattresses.

“Don’t cry,” Ginny said. “I won’t tell. You didn’t mean to, you couldn’t help it.”

Harry shook his head and let her cradle him in her arms, bending down to lean his head on her shoulder because he was taller than her by half a foot. She led him into her room and cleaned him up, kissing his forehead and rubbing his back until he fell asleep in her own bed.

Over the years, it had turned into a game. Harry had found the same care and attention in Ginny that he had in Mrs. Weasley on those nights he had wet the bed on purpose, except Ginny kept it quiet, seemed to like caring for him as much as he liked the soothing words and childish assurances. And, when they were both old enough, the game became almost sexual. Despite the fact that Harry was not attracted to Ginny or other girls, the coddling turned him on, gave him a small relief from the yearning for care he had always held deep inside him.

“Oh, Merlin,” Harry winced, pressing down on the front of his jeans. He had drunk extra pumpkin juice at dinner, taking Draco’s when he saw he wasn’t touching it.

“It’s getting really bad,” he breathed after an intense urge to pee. He was lying on Ginny’s bed, and she was pressed up against him, turned sideways leaning on her arm so she could see everything clearly. She leaned in close and he felt her tongue in his ear, which made him squirm.

“You better not pee-pee on my bed,” she whispered. “You’re too old for accidents.”

Harry groaned, pressing his legs together around the hand in his crotch. There was an element of the maternal in her tone, an element which shamed him as much as it turned him on. It made him feel the way he had looking into the Mirror Erised, loved and content and yet so needy and empty. Ginny understood, and could fill a role that no boy had ever before been able to.

He knew she was waiting too, knew she had one hand down her own pants, aroused beyond measure if the gleam in her eye was anything to go by. He closed his eyes tight as he kneaded his crotch, and when he looked up at her it was with a look of desperation, eyebrows furrowed and eyes filled with a sense of emergency.

“I—I--can’t,” he gasped in a tight voice, feeling a trickle of pee escape. Ginny moaned, and tried hard not to bring herself to climax too early; she didn’t want to waste it.

“I’m going to—I’m gonna...”

Harry groaned as he brought his knees up to his chest and squirmed against the hand in his crotch, pinching the end of his dick through his jeans and underpants. He knew there was a wet patch on the light blue briefs, a wet patch mocking him in its testament to his lack of control, his boyish behavior. His cheeks colored but he did not want to tell her, could not take the look of disappointment in her eye if he let her know he was already losing control. She knew just how to play into his needs, knew that, as much as the maternal act shamed him, he was as desperate for it as he was for a pee.

“Just a bit longer, now,” Ginny told him hopefully. “You can hold it.”

But Harry knew she was just humoring him, that it was only a short time before he would lose control.

“Oh god,” Harry gasped, “Oh god, oh god, fuck!”

He felt a spurt of wetness soak through to his jeans without warning, the warm wetness dampening his fingertips as he struggled against losing control. He used his other hand to cover the wet spot, not wanting Ginny to know he couldn’t hold it, that he was wetting in his pants.

“It’s really bad,” Harry confessed, his eyes closed.

In his current mindset, he wanted to give himself an excuse, to describe it all before it really happened so she wouldn’t’ be upset. But his cheeks were red, and Ginny knew he had already gone some in his pants. For her part, she wanted more than anything to see the pee stream out of him, travel fast and hot down the inside of his legs and trickle out of the crotch of his pants and underwear.

“Can you make it?” she asked, “Can you hold it for me just a little longer?”

When Harry whimpered, she knew he was losing more. He breathed quickly and took both hands between his legs.

“I can’t,” he exclaimed. “I have to go so bad!”

No matter how much he squeezed and squirmed, the spurts of pee continued. He felt the tears in the back of his eyes as he felt his jeans sop up the wetness, and his heart skipped a beat when he realized he could no longer hold it. He had started to pee himself. The pee was streaming out of him, soaking through his underwear and bubbling against his grasping hands, soaking down his thighs until Ginny could see the wetness spread, could watch as it pulsed through his jeans and began wetting the blanket he was lying on top of.

“Oh no!” He cried, “I’m doing it, Gin. It’s coming out.”

Ginny came as he cried out, as the pee streamed into his jeans and saturated his crotch and thighs. She climaxed as he whined like a first-year, forgetting himself and everything else except for the shame of peeing his panties, of regressing back to a little boy if only for a moment. He let go of his crotch and stuck his hand into his pants, the hot pee trickling off enough for him to rub to climax himself.

When he was done, they lay entwined, both spent and breathing heavily.

“Don’t be mad,” he said. “I couldn’t hold it.”

Ginny kissed him on the cheek and reached down to massage his soaked groin. She could never be angry with him. Not when he gave her the most intense orgasms she had ever had without even touching her.

###

Draco was very close to gathering his things and leaving that very night. Why had he agreed to come? Why had he trusted Harry, why had he followed him to this god-forsaken place and then abandoned him, leaving him at the mercy of a family his father had always despised? He hated it here, hated the way he felt like an outsider, like he could never belong in such a disorganized, warm place.

He jumped when he heard a voice.

“Late night stroll?”

Mrs. Weasley stood framed in the doorway of the back porch, leaned against the doorframe with one hand on her hip. She appeared to have been watching Draco for some time.

“Sorry,” Draco mumbled, too exhausted to put on an air of fake friendliness or even to look her in the eye. “I, ah, just needed some air.”

She nodded and walked down to sit on the step of the back porch. Draco crossed his arms, suddenly shivering despite the thick humidity of the air and his sweaty skin.

“I couldn’t sleep,” he said when she continued to watch him.

“Draco, come here.”

He could not understand how she could do that. How she could demand something in such a soft voice, without a hint of ultimatums behind it, free of blinding anger. He sighed and sat on a porch step below her, not knowing what other option he had. He couldn’t very well stand outside the entire night.

“Do you want to talk about it?” she asked after he had flung himself onto the porch.

“No.”

Mrs. Weasley took a breath.

“I know my boys are a bit much to take all in one go,” she said, “Especially Ron. I can’t imagine he’s taking this new friendship between you and Harry very well, and if I know him at all, the only way he’s figured to deal with it is to take it all out on you.”

Draco glanced back at her, surprised at just how much she was aware of what went on in her household. Had she heard them arguing?

“I shouldn’t have come,” Draco mumbled, shrugging..

“I’m very glad you did,” Mrs. Weasley said. Draco stared. He couldn’t detect the slightest hint of falseness in her voice.

“Why?” he asked. “I’m just messing everything up.”

Mrs. Weasley shook her head.

“I’m glad you came because it gives me the chance to tell you how wonderful you are, how much compassion is behind those eyes, how much power is still fighting to keep you strong despite the number of people who have tried to beat it out of you. I’m glad someone is here to tell you that what Harry sees in you is not something fleeting and happenstance, it’s the core of you, and it’s good.”

Draco blinked, having not the least idea of what to say. He tried not to get too stiff when she reached to brush the hair out of his eyes

“Just remember that no matter what, you’ve already overcome more than most boys your age. You’re like Harry in that sense. Neither of you ever had a chance at an actual childhood, and that’s something Ron can’t understand. That makes him angry. But even he understands that you deserve to be happy once in awhile, Draco.”

He was disgusted when he had the impulse to cry, immediately running his arm over his eyes to keep her from seeing how glassy they had become. She must be lying. No one cared about him, no one saw anything within him. But, then again, her eyes looked at him with more warmth than he had yet seen from her gaze, and he knew that couldn’t be faked. Maybe she really did believe what she said. Maybe.

“Would you like a snack? You hardly touched your supper.”

Draco shook his head. He was too exhausted and out of his element to eat..

“How about a glass of warm milk to help you fall asleep?”

“I can’t,” Draco sniffed, “or I’ll—”

He caught himself at the last minute, but felt his cheeks redden all the same.

“Ah,” she said knowingly. “Is that what’s bothering you?”

She took Draco’s hand in her own, and although his first instinct was to shrink away from her touch, he found himself comforted when she squeezed his hand and patted the top of his wrist gently with her other hand.

“Not to worry,” she said, leaning towards him. “There are plenty of spare sheets in a house with seven children and a family history of small bladders.”

Draco reddened even more; had it been that easy to see that he wet the bed? Was it that easy to categorize? Surely she was talking about freak occurrences when her children were small; it was different to be a bed wetter at his age, to still void into his bed without any control whatsoever at seventeen years old.

“I don’t...” he stammered, “I’m not going to...”

“Just a small glass,” she said, standing up and waiting for him to follow her into the kitchen. “It’ll help you get to sleep.”

And, despite the nervousness he felt over drinking anything this late at night, he let her make him some warm milk, let her sit with him at the kitchen table while he drank it down, and let her lead him up the twisting stairs, calmed enough to sink into bed and fall asleep at last in the humid warmth of the small bedroom..

###

*089*2012-05-27 21:21

Hmm...I wanted to post this chapter seperately from responses to the comments, but whenever I post it combines both of them (maybe because I'm responding consecutively?), so I put responses below this chapter...sorry for any confusion!

As a warning, this chapter involves spanking, although if you made it through the first two chapters of this story, I'm sure this will seem fairly tame in comparison! They're coming up to their final days at the Burrow and then they'll be back to Grimmauld Place, where Harry will have to deal with Snape once and for all. I'm looking forward to that chapter and a few of the others coming up are some of my favorite. This chapter is a bit shorter than normal, but I had to break it up before the next one, which I will try to post quickly!

Chapter 18

The first thing Draco realized upon awakening was that he was soaked from his stomach to his knees. The next thing he realized was Ron Weasley staring down at him, standing in the small space between his bed and the cot. Draco rubbed his eyes and scurried farther down under the sheet, yanking the blanket that had fallen off in the course of the night back over his body. Why was the Weasel looking at him like that? Had he seen? Draco’s heart beat quickly; he felt sick to his stomach. Where was Harry? Why was his bed still empty?

“Get up,” Weasley mumbled. “I’m bringing mine to the wash, anyway.”

And it was then that Draco noticed the tumble of sheets bunched together, resting on the end of Ron’s bare mattress. It was then that he saw Weasley’s pajamas thrown on top of the pile. It was then he saw the wetness of his boxer briefs, and saw him walk to his dresser to change into clean underwear.

“Well? Are you just going to lie there all day?” Weasley asked when he turned back to face Draco, who was still in shock. There was still a brusqueness to the other boy’s voice, still the frustration that had been there the night before, yet his eyes were softer. Draco wondered if he were relenting. Had Mrs. Weasley said something to him?

“Sorry,” Draco mumbled.

He didn’t want Weasley to see his wet clothes, but it wasn’t likely that the redhead would leave the room so Draco could clean up. Taking a breath, he shoved the blanket and sheets to the end of his cot, seeing for the first time the puddle of pee he was lying in, the way the plastic-covered cot had allowed the urine to pool in the center, to soak him from his t-shirt to his ankles. Draco was shocked at how much liquid there seemed to be. It dripped off his pants and onto the floor when he stood up.

Embarrassment deterred him from having the mental energy to become hostile towards Weasley He couldn’t very well deny what had happened; the redhead had obviously seen it all. But the fact that he had not hid his own wet sheets from Draco made him believe he may just have had a change of heart, may have decided to give him a chance.

“I’m sorry,” Draco said again when his pee dripped onto the bedroom floor.

Weasley raised his eyebrows slightly.

“Did you do it on purpose?” he asked.

“Hell, no!” Draco exclaimed, whipping his head towards the other boy and squaring his shoulders for a fight.

Weasley looked at him in aggravation.

“Then don’t fucking apologize,” he said, voice harsh.

He walked past Draco and bent down towards the cot. Using the dry spots of the sheet and blanket, he mopped up the puddle of Draco’s pee and then bundled them all up into a ball that he threw onto his mattress, next to his wet things.

“Change out of your wet pants,” Weasley spat. “Unless you need Daddy Harry to do it for you.”

Draco shook his head. Why was the boy teasing him? Hadn’t he just pissed the bed in exactly the same way? What made him talk with the air of disgust? And what made Draco feel so vulnerable to it, instead of angry? A part of him was intrigued by Weasley’s tone, turned on in the way he talked down to him. It wasn’t like when Harry played at disciplining him, like the time he had pretended to be Snape. With Harry, despite the arousal and excitement, there had always the understanding that it was a game; Harry just didn’t have it in his nature to degrade and humiliate. But Draco actually believed the Weasel’s disgust. And, what was more surprising, it was turning him on. He looked up to find the boy glowering down at him, yet, despite his disdain, Weasley was staring at him with an intensity usually reserved for half-naked bodies in darkened rooms.

Heart beating and breath coming fast, Draco returned the gaze as he reached down between his legs and rubbed the wetness at his crotch. He couldn’t remember ever wetting himself to the extent that he just had. He felt the clammy pee from his nipples down, felt the way it clung to his skin, the way it shamed him as the Weasley boy watched in disdain.

“Take off your clothes,” Weasley said sternly. “Strip out of them, pisser.”

He was stepping forward, edging closer. Draco could see the hard-on in his recently changed briefs.

“I guess you’re nothing but a fucking pee-the-bed little boy,” Weasley said as Draco pushed his wet pants to the floor. They fell with a thwack, and he stepped out of them, the smell of urine clinging to him. He peeled the t-shirt from his body, and was left standing in his white briefs, which were wet throughout the entire front; there was no doubt he had pissed himself while lying on his stomach.

“Can’t fucking control yourself for one damn night, can you?”

Weasley reached forward and, grasping the Draco’s arm, turned him around roughly. Without a word of warning, he slapped Draco hard on his ass. The blonde boy gasped, a bright rage flashing as he clenched his fists, but he stood still and tense, waiting for what he knew was only a breath away. He was powerless as his anger dissipated into deep, desperate arousal, unable to keep the moan of pleasure from his voice.

“When will you ever learn?” Weasley hissed into his ear, echoing years of condescension and verbal abuse placed upon him by his father. “Why can’t you grow up and learn some self-control?”

He spanked him again, hard enough that Draco had to bite his lip to keep from screaming out.

“I couldn’t help it,” Draco said, turning his head because he wanted to see the fierce concentration in Weasley’s eyes. “I didn’t mean to, sir.”

“You’re too old for this shit,” Weasley said with another smack. “Your brothers all grew out of this years ago. Why can’t you stop peeing the bed, you little shit-head?”

Draco craned his neck to look at Weasley. The redhead was looking off past Draco, his face ardently impassioned, yet crumpled in its hints of shame. And Draco realized Weasley was not just playing into Draco’s arousal. The boy was telling Draco the thoughts that went on in his own mind day after day, admitting to the demons that plagued him, the insecurities he felt about his own bed wetting. He sat on the cot, bent Draco over his knee and hit him hard, spanking him until his ass was. But Draco didn’t fight it, finding a release in the violence of it all, understanding all too well the same shame and fear of inadequacy which Ron held inside of him, the same fear of abnormality, the same humiliation over such a blatantly childish display of helplessness.

###

The breakfast table was quieter than any meal they had thus had at the Weasley’s. Everyone seemed distracted and a bit sullen, picking at their food in silence. The quietness of the room was only heightened by the fact that Mrs. Weasley was not eating with them. She had ushered them all downstairs to the table and passed around plates of food, but she and Mr. Weasley were planning to run errands that day, and she had left them to eat while she was upstairs straightening rooms and waking Mr. Weasley before they left. Draco hoped she wouldn’t look twice at the cot he had peed on. He had tried three different drying spells before he got one right. Ron had been no help, abandoning him almost immediately after the spanking to carry their wet things to the wash. Draco had brought himself to a shameful climax only moments later, hunched over with his hand inside his sopping wet briefs.

He sat at the breakfast table distracted over the events of the morning, of the satisfaction he felt in being hit, the way it had made him feel. He had been denying it for years now, the desire to be yelled at, to be dominated It seemed Ron had seen in only a short time just what Draco longed for, his need to be punished and abashed. Despite his mother’s support of his bedwetting, it seemed Ron understood all too well the inadequacy that developed after years of not being able to control your own body, the deep desire to feel mature and grown up that proved unattainable, leaving at last only the need to be humiliated and abused. Because, at least then, you’d have paid for the naughtiness, and the disappointment could be forgotten, if only until the next set of wet sheets.

He knew Harry would never hit him, even if Draco asked him to. It was not something he would understand, despite the boy’s own twisted upbringing. It seemed Harry had come out of his abusive childhood only with the resolve to never return to that place. He had left his Aunt and Uncle’s house long ago, and would never understand that, in his darkest fantasies, Draco wished to return to the place of torment they had both come from in their paralleled pasts, that in fact he had never left.

Mrs. Weasley came bustling back into the kitchen with an arm full of laundry, and Draco couldn’t help but glance at Ron out of the corner of his eye, grateful this was not the moment his mother would confront him about wetting the sheets, grateful Ron had already taken care of their indiscretion. For his part, Ron was acting as if nothing had happened between them, as stone-faced and cold towards Draco as he had ever been.

“Harry, dear, I’ll wash your jeans for you,” Mrs. Weasley called on her way to the laundry room. “And, Ginny, I thought I might as well throw in this blanket, also.”

Both Harry and Ginny choked on their food as she went by, staring at each other in what was obviously concern or fear. Ron scoffed and Draco saw him pat Harry on the thigh under the table in a sort of admiration, hiding a smirk with his hand as he brought a piece of toast to his mouth.

Draco wasn’t hungry; he wasn’t used to eating so many home-cooked meals in succession and his mind was too full of recent events to have an appetite. He pushed his food around on his plate and took small sips of pumpkin juice. He tried to catch Harry’s eye, or Ron’s. He hadn’t spoken to Harry since the night before, and he felt frustrated with the boy as well as forgotten. Harry sat across the table next to Ginny, and she kept poking him in the side, forcing his attention while he downed glass after glass of juice, squirming in his seat.

The visit to the Weasleys’ had already changed how he viewed the dark haired boy. Part of him was glad to find the boy so at ease and content, comfortable within what had obviously become home for him. And yet Draco was confused over the neglect Harry had shown him. It was a stark contrast from the nurturing Gryffindor protector he had come to expect from the taller boy. He remembered what Ron had said, the way he had explained that Harry turned to Ginny to be taken care of, and wondered if it wasn’t similar to what he had found that morning in Ron: someone who wordlessly accepted the perversity of your darkest desires. He wondered if he would ever be able to fill that void in Harry the way Ginny could, but he doubted the possibility in the same way that he doubted whether Harry could ever degrade him the way Ron had earlier that morning.

It was only when they were clearing their plates that Harry and Draco finally had a few seconds alone while the others put away napkins and extra food. Harry smiled at Draco briefly, yet seemed to dance in place as they watched the sink fill. Draco knew immediately that the other boy needed to pee, and it was no surprise really, considering how much he had drunk at the breakfast table.

“Everything alright?” Harry whispered as he dropped his dish into the soapy water filling the sink. Magicked sponges set to work cleaning off bits of food.

Draco wanted to tell him that nothing was alright, that he had wet himself and Ron had made fun of him and he may have cheated on Harry with his best friend in some kind of perverted sexual act, that he was angry at Harry for leaving him alone and spending all of his time with Ginny, that he both hated and loved the way Mrs. Weasley looked at him as if he were damaged. He felt the tears in his eyes, felt a choking in his throat when he thought about how much he wanted Harry to take him back to Grimmauld Place, how much he wanted it to just be the two of them again, where things made sense. He wanted nothing more than to beg Harry to hold him, to kiss him and rub his back and take him away from all these people, but he knew Harry wouldn’t understand.

“Everything’s fine,” he said with a forced smile.

“Good,” Harry said quickly, before reaching down to pinch his crotch as he quickly crossed one leg over the other. “See you later, then.”

Draco watched as he ran to the other side of the kitchen, hooking his arm through Ginny’s to pull her away from the drawer of placemats she was straightening, and leading her quickly upstairs, all the time holding himself. The blonde noticed a small, growing wet spot on Harry’s crotch when the boy turned and winked back at him, half bent-over in desperation as Ginny whispered into his ear and yanked him up the stairs, her face flushed.

Draco sighed at Hermione retreated to the living room to study and Ron left with the twins to play Quidditch outside. He sat at the kitchen table, alone, as he watched the dishes soak.

“You coming?” Ron asked, leaning back into the kitchen and shrugging at Draco with one shoulder.

Draco nodded, grabbing his broom and following Ron out to the backyard, trying not to think about the soreness he still felt over the morning spanking that had been so unwelcome and yet so long overdue.

###

{{:

I don't think I will be even able to explain in proper English what I would like to say, but I am going to try.

Firstly, I want to repeat what I said to you before: write a book. I would buy it. Hell, I would even pay to read this story! Not that money matters, but just to say ''I love your story'' in an original way.

When I read your story, I read several stories at once. Harry's story, Ron's story, Draco's story, Snape's story, Ginny's story,... and so on. The fact that I can keep up without even having to think about it, is what makes you brilliant. You are original in the things you tell, and honestly, some things make me shudder. It's so deep. You're really good at a very important rule when it comes to writing: ''show, don't tell''. When you describe a person who's angry, you don't need to tell he/she is angry. I can feel it by reading the words you choose.

About the regression part: it didn't bother me, but I am not a fan of it. But as I have said before: it's your story, your fantasy.

}}

Thanks so much, Wolf. I'm gaining a lot of confidence in my writing thanks to you and the other reviewers, and it really means a lot that you're so supportive! I took a few writing classes in college, and think my professors would probably be shocked to see that this is what I'm doing with all of their lessons, but I do write my own fiction from time to time also, so maybe someday I will write a book. Thanks for always commenting and being generally awesome :D .

{{:

OH MY GOD, I love this chapter! And I'm really coming around to the whole "vulnerable Draco" thing, because really, when he's been through so much abuse his whole life, how can he NOT be vulnerable?

I'm so crazy tired right now, so my review is not going to be as offensively long as the others, but I may come back and leave another one tomorrow after I get some sleep and get my brain back.

Actually, that's what I'm going to do, so just know that even though this isn't a review, you're going to get one from me tomorrow! But once again, LOVED THIS.

}}

Ryoku, I feel so proud of that fact that I might be winning you over towards vulnerable-Draco! Haha I'm with you--it doesn't seem plausible that after his upbringing he'd just be a jerk through and through. I'm glad you liked the last chapter, and hope you got some good rest!!

{{:

You...just.. damn. That was unexpected, you are just GOOD. Ok, REALLY GOOD.

}}

Thank you, draklink! I knew it would come as a bit of a surprise, but I'm glad it worked for you. it means a lot to get feedback, so thanks so much!

*091*2012-05-30 16:39

{{:

....wow! I loved the spanking! I can't even believe how much I loved it, because I've never found it sexy at all before! That scene was AMAZING! The recent chapters have all seemed so complex to me, and I keep thinking that the complexity has only just come out with these past few updates, but really, all of your chapters have had a level of complexity to them; I just hadn't noticed until I really started analyzing.

That being said, the complexity with which you write is absolutely admirable. This isn't just some omorashi or Drarry story written only for the *ahem* pleasure of the readers, but a look into abuse, humiliation, sexual psychology, etc. And I cannot even express how much I love that about your story. You've managed to balance the serious psychological aspects with the very sexy omorashi aspects, and I think this story needs to be applauded, much more so than it is now.

}}

Yay! So glad you liked the spanking! Honestly it's not usually my thing, but at the time I wrote that it just seemed to work well with the characters and when I was done writing it, I was actually really happy with it! And I never really set out to write a really intense psychological story, but it sort of evolved into that over time. I hate reading omorashi stories where wetting happens all the time without really any explanation of how it affects the characters mentally, because it would obviously make them feel something! Fetishes are so psychologically interesting to begin with (I still have no idea where my omorashi fetish came from, but I would love to know!) and I guess I just like adding that into my writing as well. I think it keeps things interesting.

{{:

Both of these chapters were, as always, so great. And another omo lover in Ginny! Yes! I'm not really a fan of Ginny, but with her love of wetting, it gives Harry one more excuse to be desperate, and I definitely appreciate that! Haha.

}}

That's one of the reasons I added in the whole Ginny/Harry element. I just want to see the guy characters desperate as often as possible, and this felt like an easy way to lead into this while also explaining Harry's character just a bit more.

{{:

I thought it was really interesting how Draco got two different treatments about his bedwetting in the two days of the chapters: support and understanding from Molly, and punishment and humiliation from Ron. He liked Molly’s treatment because, although he has his mother, his life is lacking in that compassion, and Molly doesn’t make him suffer through punishments, like Narcissa did in one of the first chapters when she didn’t intervene. Ron, though, was lacking understanding, and physically hurt him as punishment for wetting the bed. And for whatever psychological reason, he is sexually excited by the treatment that is so like his dad’s. I don’t have an education in the psychology of sexual development, so I can’t take my analysis any farther than that, but this story is making me REALLY want to take a class that would study this topic.

Ginny’s attraction to wetting is also beyond my ability to analyze (as much as I would love to do so, and hate to admit :D ). Harry is on the opposite end of the spectrum from Draco, though, as you sort of mentioned (but I’m relating the two in a different way than you did). Harry loves the compassion he receives from Ginny, and Draco loves the punishments. I would attribute that to differences in their family lines: Harry has too much of his parents’ goodness in him to ever enjoy suffering. Draco, though, is more like his own father. I suppose you could argue that Lucius (spelling?) is dominated by Voldemort, and MUST abide by His rules or suffer. That’s his life choice, so being submissive must have a draw to him somehow, and that trait has been passed onto Draco. Draco loved being dominated and punished by Ron, who didn’t support his wetting and wanted to make him feel awful about it (while he was really taking out his own frustrations!).

}}

Wow, you've managed to explain things in the characters that I didn't even see until now, but of course you're right about Harry/Draco's inherited traits from their parents. It's absolutely true, now that you say it, that Harry has an inherent goodness which Draco does not, and I love that you even clarified this for me a bit more. I don't pretend to actually know anything about sexual psychology (the only psych class I ever took was a large lecture-type 101 class that I struggled not to sleep through!), I just like exploring ideas of it within my writing, so your analysis just gives me even more to think about and for that I'm really grateful! Have I told you lately that you're an amazing reviewer, Ryoku? Becuase you are. So amazing.

{{:

And onto RON! I LOVED Ron in this chapter! I’ve never really thought of his character like this, but it was fantastic, of course. I loved how he didn’t even seem to be talking to Draco, but just mindlessly punishing someone else for doing the same thing he has been so embarrassed about for so long (bed-wetting). It sounded like he was using things his father would say to him (???) to make Draco feel as awful about his wetting as Ron himself feels. I was a bit surprised when you mentioned that Molly made the boys sit and eat breakfast in their wet shorts, because she was so sympathetic to Draco (and Harry) about their wettings.

She didn’t seem strict about wetting when she was talking to Draco about her boys wetting, and I wouldn’t imagine her punishing them for something they can’t control. But I suppose she treats her children differently than she treats her guests (especially Harry, who is the savior of the Wizarding World). The bit about Draco thinking that it was humiliating to not even have control over his own body at his age put things into perspective so well for me, since I’ve never experienced any bedwetting.

}}

Hmm...now that you mention it, you're completely right about it being out of character for Molly to punish her sons for bedwetting. It doesn't really fit at all in terms of her conversation with Draco the night before. If I ever go back and edit this story someday, I'll definitely have to edit that out or explain it a bit more to allow for a specific reasoning behind it. I'm glad that, otherwise, Ron's characterization worked for you. He's probably the hardest to write for, in my opinion, because he's a bit passive in most of the books, but it's a fun challenge to take on, especially navigating scenes between him and Draco!

{{:

WOO, long review! Haha, over 700 words. So I’ll STOP now, and wait impatiently for an update! Haha, I so love this story, and I hope we will see some Snarry soon? *hopes* Update! I love you and your story too much to wait too long!

}}

I'm glad you're loving this story--it's kind of hard to tell whether most people just like to read and not review, or if they've gotten tired of the story, but as long as there are a few of you really into this, I'm happy to keep writing. I realized I've never really searched around to see if you've written any stories yourself, but I'll have to do that soon so that I can return the favor and leave you crazy-long, well-thought-out reviews as well! Thanks thanks thanks for you support, and Snarry will happen almost as soon as they leave the Burrow, so you don't have too long to wait! :D

*092*2012-05-30 18:32

###

Next chapter. No real warnings here, except for the fact that this chapter is insanely long. I was thinking of breaking it up, but, quite honestly, I'm as eager to get back to the Snarry as I know some of you are, and it would have been too short if it was cut in half. Really standard omo in this chapter (of the tied-down-unable-to-get-up-and-going-to-pee-yourself variety), which is always fun to write every once in a while (also, I think it's a welcome change from the almost-emo nature of the past few chapters). Let me know if you're still reading (just a selfish little plea because I'm always in a happy mood when I hear from you guys). Also, I'm almost finished posting the pre-written chapters, so I'll be looking for some ideas for what you guys would like to see next. Hope you're all doing well!

Chapter 19

Harry and Ginny were in her bedroom, spent and out of breath. Harry’s jeans were soaked, wet through the front and down his legs.

“You should probably change out of your wet things,” Ginny said, smiling up at him from her place on the bed.

Harry stood and walked to the window, turning his back to Ginny while he shook his head. He had been so excited and content while he held his pee and wet himself for Ginny, but now that it was over he felt something of a loss, somehow unfulfilled.

“I will in a few minutes,” he said, allowing his hand to wander to his front, where he ran it between his legs to feel the completely saturated material of his jeans. He glanced out the window towards the back yard, where he could watch the other boys playing Quidditch down below. His eyes lingered over Draco’s blur of nearly-white hair, watching as he sped around the back yard and flew next to Ron in order to help him block a forward move by the twins.

“Why don’t you go down and play?” Ginny suggested, coming up behind him to see what he was looking down upon.

Harry shook his head again, watching the way Ron and Draco bent with their heads close together, strategizing as Fred and George did the same on the opposite side of the yard. Time spent at the Burrow usually left Harry with this empty feeling, eventually placing him into a slight depression that was uncharacteristic for him. He disliked feeling moody and sad, as they were states that he had spent years overcoming. And yet, as he stood in Ginny’s bedroom, pants cold and wet down to his knees, watching his best mate and his boyfriend laugh while they played games in the backyard, he could not help but feel that, all his life, he had missed out on something, that he had been denied a real childhood.

And, if he was truthful to himself, a part of him resented Ginny for knowing the exact way to mother him in their games, resented her because if she knew the perfect words to say, it was only because she had heard her mother say them time and time again. He resented Ron for knowing how to bandage wounds and wake him gently from nightmares. He resented Fred and George when they teased Ron for being the youngest boy because they knew all the words to the lullabies they sang to him sarcastically. And, in his darkest thoughts, he resented his parents, for not foreseeing that night when Voldemort came and for letting themselves be killed.

Sighing, Harry twisted from the window and wrapped his arms around Ginny, smiling with a conscious effort. She rested her head on his chest, a sisterly comfort he was grateful for.

“You should go down to the yard,” she said, gently. “I’m sure they’ll let you play.”

Harry nodded, agreeing despite the fact that he mostly just wanted to lay in a dark space somewhere lost in memories and thought. He knew that would be counter-productive, knew he needed to take advantage of his time at the Burrow, because, so far, this was as close to a family as he had been able to get. And, for that, he was grateful.

###

Draco huddled with Ron at the far end of the yard, letting the other boy strategize since he was more familiar with the tactics his brothers would use against them. They were both sweaty and dirty, the game far rougher than any regulation Quidditch game due to the fact that Fred and George were not against throwing all the rules out the window in order to make things a bit more interesting. George was especially fond of luring them down towards the ground before yanking their brooms out from under them. He was usually ready with a cushioning charm to keep you from falling hard to the ground, but every so often he’d miss, and Draco and Ron would tumble to the dirt or the sparsely growing grass. It had become an exciting element of the game, and so neither Draco nor Ron had told him to stop, despite the fact that they were becoming progressively more grimy and covered in dust.

“Fred’s probably going to circle around as a distraction while George comes straight down the middle with the Quaffle,” Ron explained. They had altered the rules of the game in order to account for their two-person teams, but they were no less enthusiastic or competitive.

Draco nodded, catching his breath. They had been playing for nearly two hour now, and he was already starving for lunch, having barely touched his breakfast. He was, however, conscious of a growing need to use the loo, and it was hard to sit still on his broom while Ron dictated the moves they should take throughout the next portion of the game. He couldn’t help but squirm a bit. He knew from experience just how hard it was to hold your pee while riding a broom.

Ron paused in the middle of his speech, raising an eyebrow towards Draco.

“Everything alright?” he asked, half-smirking.

Draco nodded, clearing his throat as he cursed himself for squirming.

“Fine,” he mumbled, staring down at his hands wrapped tightly around his broomstick.

Ron rolled his eyes and flew away from Draco, a few feet towards Fred and George.

“We need a water break,” he yelled. “Meet back here in fifteen minutes.”

Fred and George nodded and flew down to the yard, racing each other inside towards the kitchen after they jumped from their brooms, shoving to be the first one in the door.

“Let’s go,” Ron said to Draco before flying back to the ground and leaving his broom next to his brothers’ in the grass. He waited for the blonde boy with his hands on his hips.

Draco flew down next to Ron, embarrassed that Ron seemed to have figured out his predicament. He dropped his broom on the ground and approached him, mumbling something about how he would wait out in the yard, about how he wasn’t thirsty.

“Don’t be daft,” Ron said, taking Draco by the arm and yanking him inside. “They’d never let you live it down if you peed your pants mid-air.”

He stumbled into the loo after Ron, who turned to lock the door behind them before jumping up to sit on the sink counter, legs dangling. Draco stared at the red-head, cheeks pink as he shifted from foot to foot.

“Go,” Ron said as if Draco were an idiot. “It’s not hard to see you’re about to lose it.”

Draco was about to ask Ron to leave when he felt a spurt of pee soak his briefs. Gasping, he undid his jeans buttons and yanked his pants and briefs down to his thighs, modesty forgotten as he prayed he would not wet himself. He peed forcefully, the relief wonderful as the fear that he would have an accident slowly abated.

“Why the hell did you wait so long?” Ron asked, shoving Draco out of the way when he was done and starting to release his own pent-up pee. “You’d rather wet yourself than ask someone to take you to the loo?”

Draco shrugged as he went to the sink to wash his hands.

“I don’t need someone to take me to the loo,” Draco said. “I’m not a child.”

“You certainly needed someone to take you just now,” Ron said, scoffing. “I’m going to have to watch out for you or you won’t make it next time.”

Ron smirked and washed his hands messily, splashing some water onto Draco and causing a minor water fight that Draco was mortified to find himself taking part in. But the fact of the matter was, it was fun to joke around with Weasley, despite how unrefined his actions may be. And, when Ron opened the door and shoved Draco to the side trying to be the first one out, Draco couldn’t help but laugh and play along, yanking Ron backwards by the arm and trying to squeeze in front of him to beat him to the backyard.

But when they made it out of the bathroom, laughing and teasing, they found Harry standing in front of them, eyes narrowed as he watched them fool around on their way out of the bathroom.

“Hey, Harry,” Ron said, still laughing. “Come to help us crush George and Fred?”

Harry nodded, and Ron yelled that he would race them outside, but Draco could not help but feel Harry’s eyes on him as they rushed outside, questioning just what it was that had occurred between Draco and the youngest Weasley boy in the loo.

###

“The rules of the game are simple,” Fred said, holding a flashlight to his face and speaking in a put-on deep voice to simulate some horror movie masked-murderer.

It was around midnight, and all the lights in the house had been turned out. They had the Burrow to themselves; Mr. and Mrs. Weasley had come home from their errands around dinner time, but had then decided to visit family for the night when they heard Mr. Weasley’s mother was sick. Technically, Hermione was in charge, per Mrs. Weasley’s orders. She was the only one allowed a wand while they were gone, the others having theirs taken away and locked in a drawer that only Hermione knew how to open. Draco had put up a fight and threatened to leave, but Ron snatched his wand out of his hand, tossed it over to his mother, and hissed at him to stop acting like such a baby.

“Each team has twenty minutes to discuss strategy and hide their flag. When the bell rings, the game has started and whichever team captures the others’ first is the winner. Anyone caught out of their home turf by the other team can be put in jail and only rescued if tagged by their own teammate. Got it?”

Everyone nodded, and Draco tried not to grin. He would never admit it, but he was having fun, and had been for the majority of the day. There was something so carefree and welcoming about playing sports and games all day long and into the night, and despite that fact that he was dirty and sun-burnt, he did not want the day to end. He was on the blue team with Ron and Fred, while Harry, Ginny, Hermione, and George were on the yellow team. The girls had refused to be separated, and clung to each other as they giggled about just how dark it was with all the lights out. Apparently even Hermione was immune to the giddiness of a carefree summer’s day. They each had colored strips of fabric tied around their arms to signify their team colors.

After strategy discussions in which Draco spoke little, he and Ron snuck up to the attic to hide their team flag. Fred agreed to guard it for the first shift, his argument being that Ron and Draco were smaller than he was, and harder to catch in the dark. The house was filled with tip-toes and whispered shouts, flashlight beams scattered across rooms in search of friend or foe. Draco and Ron set out together to scope out the lay of the land; Fred had told them to find the location of the other team’s flag and then return to him so they could start planning their means of attack. Despite himself, Draco found that he was almost immediately wrapped up in the secrecy and tension of the game. Before he knew it, he was enjoying himself more than he had in years, sneaking through the house and signalling to Ron when all was clear. They had a close call when Harry skittered across the second floor hallway, but they ducked into a linen closet before he had the chance to see him.

Draco felt Ron’s breath on his neck, felt his body pressed against his. His body tensed when they heard someone pass outside, and he felt a pleasant fullness in his bladder that made him wish he were playing games with Harry in their beds at Grimmauld Place.

“You know there’s always a sleeping draught in the warm milk,” Ron said softly in his ear. “You wouldn’t have been able to wake up even if you wanted to.”

Draco turned his head slightly until he found Ron’s gaze. Was he trying to excuse his actions of the night before? Was he apologizing for talking down to him? Maybe Ron felt guilty about the spanking he had given, about his reaction to Draco’s bedwetting. Or maybe, like Draco, he had just been unable to keep his mind from wandering to the spanking whenever it had a free moment.

“Did she give you some too?” Draco asked, wanting to give Ron the same excuse, to signal to him that all could be forgiven, but Ron rolled his eyes and shoved his way out of the closet.

“Fuck off,” he said before turning down the hallway, leaving Draco confused, unsure as to exactly what it was he had done wrong.

Draco sighed as he pushed the door of the closet open. He knew the fun of the day would come to an end eventually, and in that moment he realized just how much Ron had contributed to his enjoyment of each activity. Now that he was alone, he was self-conscious and edgy. He didn’t want to play anymore. He had to go back to Fred and tell him he was going to bed, that he was tired and had to pee and was sick of running around like daft muggle children. But when he stood out of the closet and started walking towards the staircase to the attic, Ginny shone her flashlight in his face, Hermione not far behind the girl.

“Gotcha!” she said.

“I don’t want to play anymore,” Draco tried to explain. “I’m just going to bed.”

But Ginny and Hermione refused to listen. They dragged him by the wrists downstairs to the living room, where Hermione then shone a flashlight pattern onto the wall and someone shone it back to signal that all was clear. Sitting Draco on the floor, Harry appeared to tie his wrists and waist to the legs of a kitchen chair that had been dragged into the living room.

“Harry, I kind of don’t want to play anymore,” Draco tried as he fought against Harry’s grip on him. “Can you just let me go?”

But Harry wrestled until he had the ropes tied down, until Draco was left with his waist tied to a chair and his arms pinned back.

“Don’t be a cry-baby,” Harry leered, and Draco could smell the alcohol on his breath. Fred had whipped out a bottle for his team as well, and he had shared some with Ron and Draco, but it was clear that Harry hadn’t stopped; he was drunk and intent on nothing except winning the game.

Draco sighed and let his head fall back against the seat of the chair in frustration. He would just have to wait for someone to rescue him, wait for someone to steal a flag and win the game. It couldn’t be that long. Someone would have to break through eventually.

But an hour and a half later there was no progress in the game. Draco had seen Ron’s figure skirting through the kitchen, close to capturing the yellow flag, but he had disappeared through the back door when George came close and almost noticed him. Outside was out of bounds, but by that time everyone except Draco was too drunk to care. Draco’s problems were far worse than not being able to sneak into the living room and distract Harry to capture the flag. His bladder was full, and had been since he was captured and tied down. He had to pee, and bad.

It had been getting worse as the time ticked by, but he had waited patiently, not bothering to say anything because he was sure with each minute that someone would come to rescue him or steal the flag to end the game. But he was getting desperate. He thought this may have been the longest time he had been kept from using the loo. He was used to having a bathroom around when he needed it, and he was getting scared that he wouldn’t be able to hold it in.

“Harry?”

“Huh?” Harry had been dozing in front of the jail they had set up.

“Can you let me up? I want to go to bed.” Draco was embarrassed to explain the real reason.

“Of course not,” he said. “You’re not going anywhere.”

Draco sighed.

“Please, Harry. I...I have to go.”

Harry turned to look at Draco, took in his hunched expression, the way his legs were twisted together.

“How do I know you’re telling the truth?”

His words were a bit slurred, and he stumbled when he stood up to walk closer. Draco had never before seen him drunk, and it did not suit him. He felt distanced from the other boy, whereas only days before he had felt unbelievably close.

“It’s getting really bad,” Draco pleaded. “Just untie me for a minute. I’ll come back straight away, I promise.”

Harry paused, seeming to question the validity of Draco’s request.

“Please,” Draco said through gritted teeth, bringing his knees to his chest as a sharp urge hit him. “Merlin, it’s bad.”

“I don’t think I should let you up,” Harry said. “This is probably all some plan you and Ron hatched. You barely drank anything at dinner.”

“Harry, this isn’t a joke,” Draco said, the anger finding voice. “I fucking have to pee--bad!”

“You can hold it,” Harry said. “Besides, I’m sure Ron will come to take you to the loo and minute now.”

So Harry was still angry from what he had seen earlier, jealous that Ron and Draco had been locked together in the bathroom doing Merlin knows what. Draco felt his stomach clench as he snaked his legs around each other. There was no way he could explain that nothing had happened now, not in the state that Harry was in. But he was more desperate than he could remember. He cringed when a trickle of pee escaped into his underwear.

“I can’t hold it, Harry,” Draco said, surprised at the anger appearing in his voice as he rocked the chair behind him in his efforts to pull himself free. “Let me go. It’s not a fucking joke!”

He thought about calling time, thought about yelling for his teammates to come rescue him, screaming to Hermione, who was more than likely at least relatively sober, that the game had gone too far. Someone had to see reason. He was not about to pee his pants on the Weasley’s living room floor.

A stab of need hit Draco all at once and he doubled over as best he could, his legs shaking with the force of squeezing them so tightly together.

“Oh, fuck fuck fuck, Merlin, fuck!” Draco didn’t try to keep his voice down. He didn’t know what to do. He wanted to cry it hurt so bad. He sucked air through his teeth and bit down on his lip in concentration when he felt a spurt warm his briefs.

“Harry, this isn’t funny,” Draco spat. “Let me out!”

If only he had his hands free, he could squeeze at his crotch. He could hold it if only he had a good grip.

“Be quiet,” Harry told him. “You’ll ruin the game and they’ll know where we are.”

“They fucking know where you are! Untie me! I don’t want to play anymore!”

The others had started to hear the shouts. Draco could see figures in the darkness that had crept out to see what was going on. He needed them to understand. The game had to be over.

“I don’t want to play this fucking game anymore! I need--oh, fuck!--to get out!”

His voice was strained with the effort of keeping his pants dry. He couldn’t believe this was happening to him. He couldn’t pee himself; he was seventeen years old. He had to hold it.

“What’s going on?” George asked, coming forward out of the darkness and followed by the others.

“Nothing,” Harry mumbled.

“Game fucking over,” Draco yelled kicking at another chair and knocking it over. “Untie me, now! I can’t--”

He bent his head and tensed his body, mumbling curse words to himself, one leg crossed over the other.

“Get them!” Harry yelled to George, pointing behind him at Fred and Ron, who had just stepped into view.

But the others weren’t as drunk as Harry, and could see the situation in front of them. It was Ron who stepped forward, who rushed and started working on the knots at Draco’s wrists, who yelled for Fred to turn on the light so he could see what he was doing. But it was too late. Draco squirmed and yelled and crossed his legs as hard as he could, but without warning a fast spurt of hot wetness shot into his underwear.

“Fuck, no,” he breathed, yanking one hand free as soon as Ron undid the knot. He hunched over on the floor and squeezed his crotch and kneaded at his dick. “Damn it, Ron, I can’t hold it, I’m gonna--fuck!”

Draco closed his eyes and pressed the heel of his hand between his legs, but there was no stopping the stream of pee wetting his underwear. He was peeing into his pants. He squirmed and grabbed but nothing worked. The wetness spread to his jeans and he began to feel as if he couldn’t breathe. He felt the wetness hot against his skin, felt it stream down his legs and under his ass, saw the yellow liquid seep out from where he sat while he wet his pants and the floor and was left sitting in an acrid puddle of urine while the others watched from the next room. He gained control at last, but was so defeated that all he could do was tense his muscles and force the rest of his pee into his pants, forcing out every last drop until he was sopping wet but, at last, empty.

“Everyone go to bed. Now.”

It was Hermione. She had obviously heard the commotion and came down to see what was going on. Everyone turned and left; they could tell she was angry, that she meant business. Or maybe they were just pleased not to be the one to have to deal with their seventeen-year-old classmate who had just peed himself like a toddler.

“I’m sorry, Dray,” Harry said as he left, his cheeks red with either shame or drunkenness.

Draco did not look up until he heard the steps on the staircase stop. Ron had finished untying him, but still knelt next to him, just out of reach of the wetness, and Hermione stood above them.

“Ron, go to bed,” she told him, but Ron shook his head.

“I’ll get him cleaned up,” he said softly. “We’ll be alright.”

“Draco?” Hermione asked. “Is that what you want?”

Draco didn’t answer, just hung his head and stared at the wetness spread throughout his crotch.

“It’s okay,” Ron assured Hermione. “I’ll take care of it.”

Hermione nodded, squeezed Draco’s shoulder and left them alone. Draco felt sick to his stomach, ashamed with himself; he hated Harry Potter. He never wanted to see him again.

###

*097*2012-06-01 05:16

Thanks for reviewing, guys. I'm planning to go back and respond to your comments tomorrow when I get off of work, but I figured I'd post the next chapter now while I have a few minutes due to some wicked insomnia. There is a bit of Draco/Ron going on (Dron??), as Ryoku and Wolf predicted (Love you both for being on board with pairings even before they happen!). Harry and Draco will reconcile in the next chapter, and then its back to Grimmauld Place and Harry will need to deal with Snape. I've missed him, so I'm looking forward to him re-entering the story. I know I've been promising him for a while now, but I didn't realize just how long the section at the Burrow really was, so sorry about that, but I promise he's coming.

Take care and enjoy.

Chapter 20

Ron helped Draco upstairs and into his bedroom, half-carrying him because Draco would have been content to sit in the cold puddle of urine all night as punishment for his actions. How had he let himself lose control? How could he have embarrassed himself in front of everyone? He couldn’t go back to Hogwarts; Fred and George and Ginny would tell everyone. He would be a laughing stock.

“Stand here and I’ll help you change,” Ron said when they were alone in the bedroom.

But Draco was beyond caring, scared by the implications of what he had just done. He sunk to the floor as soon as Ron let him go, at the end of the bed that was meant to be for Harry. It was empty, which meant Harry had chosen to spend the night with Ginny. Draco hoped he had a horrible hangover the next morning.

“Enough of that,” Ron said. “Stand up. Do you want me to run a shower for you?”

He tugged on Draco’s forearm until he had pulled him to his feet, but Draco swayed and his knees buckled, so Ron had to support him with an arm around his waist.

“I can’t stay here,” Draco mumbled. “I have to leave.”

“Oh, shut up,” Ron said, rolling his eyes as he tried to force Draco towards the doorway, presumably towards the bathroom across the hall. “Don’t be over-dramatic. It was a fucking accident. There was nothing you could have done.”

He began undressing Draco, unzipping the green sweatshirt he wore over a white t-shirt and stringing it off his arms while still supporting the smaller boy with an arm around his back. But after he had tossed the sweatshirt onto the spare bed and started to work on the boy’s shirt, he looked up to find Draco crying, a hand covering his face in shame.

“Shhh,” Ron said, sighing as he rubbed the other boy’s back. “It’s no big deal. You just had an accident.”

“I hate him,” Draco growled, swiping at his tears. “I never want to see him again.”

Ron sighed, leading Draco to sit down on the cot. He figured it was the safest place considering Draco’s wet pants. Sitting next to the blonde, he put his arm around Draco’s shoulder, unsure of exactly what it was he was supposed to say.

“He was drunk. They all were,” he said, shrugging. “Harry’s a jerk when he’s drunk. It makes up for how nice he is the rest of the time.”

Rolling his eyes, Draco turned away from Ron, shrugging out of his embrace.

“He’s horrible,” Draco spat. “And if your brothers say anything about this I’ll fucking kill him for it.”

“Calm down,” Ron said, less sympathetically than Draco would have liked. “Ma would murder them if they ever said anything. Not to mention, they’d have Harry to deal with...and me.”

Draco glanced up at Ron, who had suddenly become very interested in studying the lines in his palm. He understood at that moment that, somewhere along the way, the youngest Weasley boy may just have stopped resenting him for his friendship with Harry, that he had possibly forgiven him for the years of unpleasantness to which he had subjected him and the other Gryffindors. They had somehow come to a tepid understanding. Maybe someday they would look at this summer years later, and it would almost be comical; Maybe years later they would reminisce over the extent to which their messed up teenaged melodramas had brought them all together.

“He made me wet my pants,” Draco tried, tears threatening to fall once again, but Ron shook his head and held Draco’s chin so he could look him in the eye and scrub off the tear tracks with his thumb.

“You wet your own pants,” He said, holding tight when Draco tried to pull away. “You tried, but you just couldn’t hold it in, could you?”

Draco shook his head.

“I couldn't hold it anymore,” he said.

Ron paused, catching Draco’s eye. They stared at each other in silence, an unspoken peacefullness arousing between them as they ceased to feel uncomfortable in each other’s presence. After a moment, Ron traced the flat of his hand down Draco’s neck and chest and waist until he was cupping the wetness of his crotch. The pee had gone cold.

“Does it itch yet?”

Draco nodded, and let out a tiny moan as Ron touched him through the soaked jeans. He was getting hard.

“Be mean to me,” Draco squeaked through silent tears.

“What?” Ron asked, his hand pausing in its caresses.

“Be mean to me,” he pleaded. “Like this morning.”

Ron nodded after a moment and leaned close until his mouth was next to Draco’s ear.

“You’re a fucking disgrace, you know that?” he said, quietly at first, mocking. “Can’t even hold your pee like a man. You’re pathetic. I can’t even look at you.”

Draco felt himself getting harder as Ron sneered at him, as he whispered into his ear. He leaned into Ron’s touch between his legs, and whined a moan when the Weasley boy pulled his hand away.

“Fucking pee-your-pants little girl,” Ron said, pushing Draco off the cot and down onto his knees. “Bedwetting idiot. No one wants you.”

He could not look at Ron, although he kept one hand between his legs, kneading his cold wet crotch as he hardened at Ron’s tone of voice.

“Hit me,” he pleaded, voice barely a whisper.

Ron swung his hand back and slapped the blonde across the mouth.

“Maybe that will teach you to keep your panties dry and use the toilet like a man. How can you even look at yourself, weakling?”

Ron squirmed slightly and Draco’s eyes widened when the redhead snaked a hand down to hold his own crotch. It seemed the Weasley boy was almost as turned on as Draco, that their shared shame had opened new avenues of arousal for them both.

Ron stood up and shoved Draco backwards. He crashed to the floor with a groan of pleasure, his head slamming against the hardwood floorboards.

“Take off your shirt,” Ron breathed, leaning down over the other boy. “Seventeen years old and not even potty trained.”

Ron watched while Draco pulled the t-shirt over his head. He reached down and grabbed him by the ear, yanking his head up off the floor sharply. He wondered just how far Draco wanted to take this. He would feel guilty were it not for the fact that he knew Draco wanted this, that he needed it. He would feel guilty were it not for the fact that Draco’s eyes were filled with unadulterated lust.

“Stop snivelling. You’re a disgrace.”

Kneeling onto the floor, he straddled Draco’s legs and reached forward to unbutton the boy’s damp jeans.

“You smell like pee,” he sneered.

Draco moaned as Ron squirmed against him, as he pressed his crotch against his. Draco saw that Ron was breathing heavily, that his hands were shaking as he popped open the button of the wet jeans.

“You’re a little momma’s boy who can’t hold his water. You---”

Draco looked up at Ron’s flushed face and tense body. Ron cleared his throat and bent down until his face was close to Draco’s, their stomachs touching.

“You deserve to be punished. I should make you sleep in your pissy panties since you obviously like it so much. I--”

Ron pulled back and bit his bottom lip between his teeth.

“Shit,” he breathed as he ground his hips against Draco. There was no doubt in Draco’s mind; Ron was definitely turned on.

Draco was rock hard and his breathing was ragged, feeling helpless and controlled as Ron degraded him with each carefully worded phrase. He sounded so much like Lucius he struggled against anger, and yet the struggle was half the appeal.

“I want--” he began, but Ron reached forward and slapped him with such force he felt his ear ringing.

“Don’t fucking say a word, pee face. A grown man wetting his pants like a toddler.”

Ron clicked his tongue in disgust and reached to pull the zipper down on Draco’s jeans. He shoved his hand inside, and he squeezed Draco’s crotch, feeling the sopping material of his ruined briefs.

“We’re going to have to--ah!”

Ron bent forward until he was practically lying on Draco, yanking his hand from Draco’s pants to shove it against his own. Draco knew he could stop the game; he just didn’t want to. His hard-on rubbed against the stained briefs and the crotch of Ron’s jeans pressed against him, dry, warm denim that no one had pissed inside.

“Oh, fucking hell,” Ron breathed, and the blonde felt a burst of scorching hot wetness seep through Ron’s pants and down onto Draco’s cold and clammy skin. It took all of Draco’s willpower not to come right that second. Ron had to pee, was in fact already starting to wet himself.

Ron paused, tensed with his hand between his legs, grabbing at his crotch to hold it back, but there was no use. With a moan, Ron started wetting his jeans. Draco was unable to keep from reaching a climax the moment the wetness burst through and streamed from Ron onto his crotch. He came as he watched Ron’s face contorted in shame and relief, as he heard him moan in desperation and fear, as he saw the streaks of urine snake down the dry denim of his spread inner thighs. Moaning, he reached up to wrap his hands around the small of Ron’s back, pulling him completely on top of his body as he pressed his crotch up against Ron’s. He breathed quickly as the boy’s weight pressed him harder into the floor, as their crotches were pressed hard against each other while Ron pissed himself dry and Draco panted in the glow of his orgasm.

“I’m peeing myself,” Ron gasped at last, the final streams of his pee soaking his jeans as he lay his cheek against Draco’s. Almost as soon as he had finished, he was grinding his hips against the other boy, bringing himself to a quick, desperate climax as the warm, sopping fabric rubbed against him..

When they were both spent, they lay catching their breath until Ron rolled off Draco, plucking at his wet pants. Ron’s eyes were glazed as he stared up at the ceiling in contentment. Draco smirked, having seen the look on Harry many times before after they had fooled around back at Grimmauld Place. It was just like Gryffindors to have a trademark optimistic expression reserved exclusively for orgasmic afterglow.

“I should give you a spanking for that,” Draco leered, flopping back onto the ground after having assessed Ron’s demeanor. He stared up at the ceiling as well, a wide smile spread across his face.

“I used to do that all the time when I was a kid,” Ron said, as if he had suddenly remembered a wonderful memory. “But more on purpose than that. I cried every time they tried to toilet train me.”

Draco scoffed a laugh, his mouth twisting in a crooked smile.

“Bad boy,” he said, looking at Ron out of the corner of his eye. “Bad little momma’s boy.”

With an effort, Draco heaved himself up onto one crooked elbow so he could look down at Ron’s dreamy expression. Leaning over, he placed one hand on the other side of Ron to support himself as he bent down to kiss the boy on the mouth.

“I’m not gay,” Ron said, turning away.

Draco shrugged.

“Okay,” he said, before taking Ron’s lips in his own again. Ron reached a hand around Draco’s waist and pulled him on top of him, and their warm and wet crotches once again were resting against each other. Ron was a good kisser; Draco snogged him until they were both exhausted and uncomfortable in their wet jeans.

“Want to get cleaned up?” Ron asked, and Draco nodded. He was relieved that Ron had not shown any embarrassment now that the impassioned moment had passed..

Helping each other to their feet, they quietly raced to the bathroom, where they showered before hurrying back to Ron’s room with towels wrapped around their waists. The bundle of wet clothes had been shoved carelessly into the laundry hamper.

“I don’t have any more clean briefs,” Draco admitted when they were dressing.

“Doesn’t matter,” Ron shrugged. He opened the top drawer of his dresser and, after pausing in what seemed like contemplation, took out two pull-ups.

“My ma tried to make me wear them once,” he said, tossing one across the room to Draco.

“They these things this big?” Draco was shocked, unsure of whether to be embarrassed or excited, angry or pleased.

“Sure,” Ron said, as if it was common knowledge. “Muggle bed-wetting pants.”

Draco’s cheeks flushed. He did not want to ruin the comfortability he had found in Ron’s presence, and yet he knew he could never wear these. What if Harry saw? Or if Lucius found out?

Ron stepped forward, sensing Draco’s concern.

“What’s wrong?” he asked.

Draco shrugged, unable to look Ron in the face.

“I--I’m not a--I don’t wet the bed,” he stammered.

Ron scoffed.

“What about last night? You were practically swimming.”

“It--doesn’t usually happen,” Draco lied.

Ron seemed to sense Draco’s fear, understood that he could not admit to his problem, no matter how obvious it was. He reached back into the drawer and tossed over a pair of dry briefs to the blonde.

“Suit yourself,” he shrugged, before yanking the pull-up on. He covered them with a pair of cotton shorts before climbing into bed.

Draco dressed in briefs and a t-shirt, too relieved that he did not have to wear a diaper to worry whether or not he had offended Ron by refusing. It was a lost memory, but it was quickly coming back to him, diapers and pull-ups and training pants and then pull-ups again before his parents decided to stop potty-training him and let him figure it all out for himself. His father had hated when his mother kept him in pull-ups on occasions far past his sixth birthday, and had once beat him for wetting it while they were travelling.

He lay on the cot and yanked the blanket from the other bed over himself, wrapping it around his body. There was a chill in the air, but Draco could not tell whether it was real or imagined.

“You know you can just sleep in the other bed,” Ron said. “I don’t think Harry’s planning on making an appearance tonight. He’s so drunk he’ll sleep like the dead.”

“It’s okay,” Draco said, sniffling.

Ron reached over and held his hand.

“It will all be better in the morning,” he said.

Draco nodded and Ron smiled.

“But you better keep that bed dry, you little weakling.”

###

*099*2012-06-01 22:21

{{:

Another perfect chapter. Why do you always have to be so perfect all the time?! *resents*

Haha, just kidding! Maybe I should stop being random and start reviewing.

I loved how to chapter opened with the aftermath of Harry and Ginny! What an attention-grabbing opening, and of course, the PSYCHOLOGY of this is amazing! (Can’t get enough of psychology, can you Ryoku?) I actually kind of like seeing Harry’s more malevolent side, because even though he really is good at heart, he has plenty of things to be resentful of (though I suppose the fact that he overcame them in the books made him the hero, and not the tragic hero). He is so envious of the life the Weasleys lived that he resents them for it, and even resents things that he knows couldn’t have been prevented, like his parents’ deaths. But when it comes to envy and resentment, the two combined are so destructively powerful that there is no room for reason among them.

}}

I absolutely agree. For me, it's boring to read fanfiction where Harry is happy-go-lucky all the time, and is able to overcome everything thrown at him. Yes, he overcomes a lot in the books, but not without his times of sadness, regret, and hopelessness. He is a very complex character in that way, so I'm really just playing up on what JK Rowling already set into place!

{{:

There’s just something about peeing with another person in the room that I love! I don’t even know what it is, but in every omo story I always hope for a scene like Draco and Ron peeing in front of each other! Maybe just the fact that it’s so intimate, and leaves the person who is… taking care of business (lol) so vulnerable that holds the appeal for me. I want to know what Ron’s opinion of peeing/wetting is! We’ve seen his ideas of bedwetting (heheh), but I’d like to know if he got anything out of Draco peeing in front of him. And the bit about Harry seeing them come out of the bathroom! OH MY G. I loved that! And with the emptiness he was just feeling, seeing his boyfriend coming out of the bathroom with his best friend must not be comforting, especially since it involves the thing that turns Harry on the most (peeing/wetting).

}}

Haha, I'm glad you liked that. It's not really something that does anything much for me fetish-wise, but I wanted to kind of use it to continue Ron's care-free nature and emphasize his tone of almost-joking-domination (at least outside of the bedroom, where it is obviously less joking and more emphatic domination) over Draco. I hope the newest chapter gave you an idea of Ron's opinion to wetting--I like to think he mostly resents it, because he hates his bedwetting to such a great extent, but at the same time he is interested by it, and not against playing games every once in a while. A long tiem ago I wrote an omo fanfic mostly about the Weasley boys and their frequent accidents as children and teens, and I think a lot of the Ron characterization from that story had found its way into this newer one. Strange how those things work...

{{:

The game they were playing at night actually sounds really fun. Haha, and putting Hermione in charge is so great. I like how Draco is actually involved in and ENJOYING the silliness and carefree joys of the Weasley home, as opposed to the fear and oppression he would have faced if he had gone home for the school break. But I liked the bit about him getting tired of the game, because even though it’s a welcome break from his life at home, there’s only so much a person can deviate from their normal life without longing for it in some way (which is why Draco loved Ron’s punishment???).

And maybe this is just my hopeful imagination, but am I getting a whiff of a little Ron/Draco here? That pairing usually doesn’t do anything for me, but in this story, it actually sounds really sexy. I’d be excited to see them as well as the bit o’ Snarry that MUST be coming up soon(?)! And the bit about the sleeping draught was SO GREAT. Haha, and Draco’s oblivious question to Ron about whether Molly gave him a draught also or not was hilarious. But for Ron it just reminded him that he has as little control over his body while he’s sleeping as Draco did while under the influence of the draught. Ron and Draco getting along is actually much better than I expected.

}}

When we were kids, we had a babysitter who let us turn off all the lights in the house and run around with flashlights playing a game like the one I wrote about. I always thought it was such simple fun, and I would probably still play it today! I hope the Ron/Draco of the most recent chapter satisfied your curiosity surrounding them. I'm toying with the idea of adding some more into the story because it's a really interesting dynamic between the two of them! And, yes, the Snarry will be coming soon--hopefully the chapter after the next if the editing goes as planned!

{{:

I loved the bit about drunkenness being unbecoming of Harry! And when it turns him into such a different person, Draco must really not like seeing Harry that way. The new dynamic between all of them is fantastic; both of the boys are pulling away because they see something in Ginny or Ron that the other can’t give them (compassion and punishment for Harry and Draco, respectively), and the fact that they know the other can’t give that to them is making them feel a bit alienated from each other. I LOVE THE BIT OF JEAOUSY, TOO. Harry being jealous (and voicing his jealousy in his drunken state) was GREAT! I loved commanding Hermione, also. That’s what’s so great about her character: she knows how to handle things, and can be the voice of reason where there is none.

I really hope there will be a bit with Ron and Draco! This is probably the only time I will ever say this, but I want a bit o’ passion between them! Again with the cliffhangers! Gah! What will happen with Ron and Draco? Harry and Draco? Will Draco leave? Where will he go??? UPDATE! *explodes*

}}

I'm glad the dynamic between Harry and Ginny and Draco and Ron have been working for you. It's been interesting to play with those relationships as contrasts and complements to each other, but I do have to admit I'm looking forward to Harry and Draco reconciling and turning back to each other. I think they've both learned more about themselves and their feelings towards wetting while at the Burrow, so now it leads to an interesting dynamic in that they are both more self-aware. And, I 'm sorry to leave you with the cliffhangers! Thanks for reviewing. You're awesome, as always!

{{:

Shoot! I was just rereading the bit about the spanking and I noticed something:

The bit about "verbal abuse placed upon him by his father"... did you mean Ron's father verbally abusing him? When I read that I thought it meant that Draco thought Ron sounded like Lucius when Lucius abuses him. But maybe I'm wrong...? It would make sense in the context if you meant that Arthur said those things to Ron, which is why Ron enjoys saying them to Draco.

}}

Hmm...now that you mention it, that part is a bit confusing. I was referring to Lucius abusing Draco, although it would certainly add a new element to the story were Arthur Weasley to have been a bit abusive at times as well...look at you giving me all new ideas for the story! :D

{{:

This was really good. I loved the fact that Potter is the one to blame now and it makes me wonder if Ron and Draco will get into some kind of relationship now.

To be honest I think Potter is really annoying at the moment. I love Draco in your story - he seems so sweet, so vulnerable, so broken. He really needs to be taken care of. I know Potter has to be taken care of as well, but he seems a bit more... demanding in these things.

I am sorry that I don't reply every time, but I am just really busy all the time! If I don't reply that doesn't mean I didn't enjoy your story though! I still think this is the best omorashi story I have ever read.

}}

Thanks, Wolf! You've always been such a wonderful reviewer straight from the beginning, and I totally understand that things come up so you're not able to comment every time! You are amazing, and you always encourage me to want to write more, for which I am extremely grateful!

I'm glad Draco works for you in this story. I hate his character mean and nasty all the time, but I just think he's adorable as a bit needy and vulnerable. Maybe I'm sadistic and just enjoy brining the bully down a notch, but I think it's honestly less that and more me trying to give a reason to his bad behavior and make him seem a bit more humane and sympathetic.

And I'm glad Harry seems a bit annoying in these chapters. Because the story mainly follows Draco's pespective while at the Burrow, I wanted Harry to be the less likeable character throughout the scenes. They'll reconcile soon, however, and he'll redeem himself in his dealings with a certain Potions Professor... ;)

