Desperate Friendships - Page 4

Author: 222foxface222

*092*2012-05-30 18:32

###

Next chapter. No real warnings here, except for the fact that this chapter is insanely long. I was thinking of breaking it up, but, quite honestly, I'm as eager to get back to the Snarry as I know some of you are, and it would have been too short if it was cut in half. Really standard omo in this chapter (of the tied-down-unable-to-get-up-and-going-to-pee-yourself variety), which is always fun to write every once in a while (also, I think it's a welcome change from the almost-emo nature of the past few chapters). Let me know if you're still reading (just a selfish little plea because I'm always in a happy mood when I hear from you guys). Also, I'm almost finished posting the pre-written chapters, so I'll be looking for some ideas for what you guys would like to see next. Hope you're all doing well!

Chapter 19

Harry and Ginny were in her bedroom, spent and out of breath. Harry’s jeans were soaked, wet through the front and down his legs.

“You should probably change out of your wet things,” Ginny said, smiling up at him from her place on the bed.

Harry stood and walked to the window, turning his back to Ginny while he shook his head. He had been so excited and content while he held his pee and wet himself for Ginny, but now that it was over he felt something of a loss, somehow unfulfilled.

“I will in a few minutes,” he said, allowing his hand to wander to his front, where he ran it between his legs to feel the completely saturated material of his jeans. He glanced out the window towards the back yard, where he could watch the other boys playing Quidditch down below. His eyes lingered over Draco’s blur of nearly-white hair, watching as he sped around the back yard and flew next to Ron in order to help him block a forward move by the twins.

“Why don’t you go down and play?” Ginny suggested, coming up behind him to see what he was looking down upon.

Harry shook his head again, watching the way Ron and Draco bent with their heads close together, strategizing as Fred and George did the same on the opposite side of the yard. Time spent at the Burrow usually left Harry with this empty feeling, eventually placing him into a slight depression that was uncharacteristic for him. He disliked feeling moody and sad, as they were states that he had spent years overcoming. And yet, as he stood in Ginny’s bedroom, pants cold and wet down to his knees, watching his best mate and his boyfriend laugh while they played games in the backyard, he could not help but feel that, all his life, he had missed out on something, that he had been denied a real childhood.

And, if he was truthful to himself, a part of him resented Ginny for knowing the exact way to mother him in their games, resented her because if she knew the perfect words to say, it was only because she had heard her mother say them time and time again. He resented Ron for knowing how to bandage wounds and wake him gently from nightmares. He resented Fred and George when they teased Ron for being the youngest boy because they knew all the words to the lullabies they sang to him sarcastically. And, in his darkest thoughts, he resented his parents, for not foreseeing that night when Voldemort came and for letting themselves be killed.

Sighing, Harry twisted from the window and wrapped his arms around Ginny, smiling with a conscious effort. She rested her head on his chest, a sisterly comfort he was grateful for.

“You should go down to the yard,” she said, gently. “I’m sure they’ll let you play.”

Harry nodded, agreeing despite the fact that he mostly just wanted to lay in a dark space somewhere lost in memories and thought. He knew that would be counter-productive, knew he needed to take advantage of his time at the Burrow, because, so far, this was as close to a family as he had been able to get. And, for that, he was grateful.

###

Draco huddled with Ron at the far end of the yard, letting the other boy strategize since he was more familiar with the tactics his brothers would use against them. They were both sweaty and dirty, the game far rougher than any regulation Quidditch game due to the fact that Fred and George were not against throwing all the rules out the window in order to make things a bit more interesting. George was especially fond of luring them down towards the ground before yanking their brooms out from under them. He was usually ready with a cushioning charm to keep you from falling hard to the ground, but every so often he’d miss, and Draco and Ron would tumble to the dirt or the sparsely growing grass. It had become an exciting element of the game, and so neither Draco nor Ron had told him to stop, despite the fact that they were becoming progressively more grimy and covered in dust.

“Fred’s probably going to circle around as a distraction while George comes straight down the middle with the Quaffle,” Ron explained. They had altered the rules of the game in order to account for their two-person teams, but they were no less enthusiastic or competitive.

Draco nodded, catching his breath. They had been playing for nearly two hour now, and he was already starving for lunch, having barely touched his breakfast. He was, however, conscious of a growing need to use the loo, and it was hard to sit still on his broom while Ron dictated the moves they should take throughout the next portion of the game. He couldn’t help but squirm a bit. He knew from experience just how hard it was to hold your pee while riding a broom.

Ron paused in the middle of his speech, raising an eyebrow towards Draco.

“Everything alright?” he asked, half-smirking.

Draco nodded, clearing his throat as he cursed himself for squirming.

“Fine,” he mumbled, staring down at his hands wrapped tightly around his broomstick.

Ron rolled his eyes and flew away from Draco, a few feet towards Fred and George.

“We need a water break,” he yelled. “Meet back here in fifteen minutes.”

Fred and George nodded and flew down to the yard, racing each other inside towards the kitchen after they jumped from their brooms, shoving to be the first one in the door.

“Let’s go,” Ron said to Draco before flying back to the ground and leaving his broom next to his brothers’ in the grass. He waited for the blonde boy with his hands on his hips.

Draco flew down next to Ron, embarrassed that Ron seemed to have figured out his predicament. He dropped his broom on the ground and approached him, mumbling something about how he would wait out in the yard, about how he wasn’t thirsty.

“Don’t be daft,” Ron said, taking Draco by the arm and yanking him inside. “They’d never let you live it down if you peed your pants mid-air.”

He stumbled into the loo after Ron, who turned to lock the door behind them before jumping up to sit on the sink counter, legs dangling. Draco stared at the red-head, cheeks pink as he shifted from foot to foot.

“Go,” Ron said as if Draco were an idiot. “It’s not hard to see you’re about to lose it.”

Draco was about to ask Ron to leave when he felt a spurt of pee soak his briefs. Gasping, he undid his jeans buttons and yanked his pants and briefs down to his thighs, modesty forgotten as he prayed he would not wet himself. He peed forcefully, the relief wonderful as the fear that he would have an accident slowly abated.

“Why the hell did you wait so long?” Ron asked, shoving Draco out of the way when he was done and starting to release his own pent-up pee. “You’d rather wet yourself than ask someone to take you to the loo?”

Draco shrugged as he went to the sink to wash his hands.

“I don’t need someone to take me to the loo,” Draco said. “I’m not a child.”

“You certainly needed someone to take you just now,” Ron said, scoffing. “I’m going to have to watch out for you or you won’t make it next time.”

Ron smirked and washed his hands messily, splashing some water onto Draco and causing a minor water fight that Draco was mortified to find himself taking part in. But the fact of the matter was, it was fun to joke around with Weasley, despite how unrefined his actions may be. And, when Ron opened the door and shoved Draco to the side trying to be the first one out, Draco couldn’t help but laugh and play along, yanking Ron backwards by the arm and trying to squeeze in front of him to beat him to the backyard.

But when they made it out of the bathroom, laughing and teasing, they found Harry standing in front of them, eyes narrowed as he watched them fool around on their way out of the bathroom.

“Hey, Harry,” Ron said, still laughing. “Come to help us crush George and Fred?”

Harry nodded, and Ron yelled that he would race them outside, but Draco could not help but feel Harry’s eyes on him as they rushed outside, questioning just what it was that had occurred between Draco and the youngest Weasley boy in the loo.

###

“The rules of the game are simple,” Fred said, holding a flashlight to his face and speaking in a put-on deep voice to simulate some horror movie masked-murderer.

It was around midnight, and all the lights in the house had been turned out. They had the Burrow to themselves; Mr. and Mrs. Weasley had come home from their errands around dinner time, but had then decided to visit family for the night when they heard Mr. Weasley’s mother was sick. Technically, Hermione was in charge, per Mrs. Weasley’s orders. She was the only one allowed a wand while they were gone, the others having theirs taken away and locked in a drawer that only Hermione knew how to open. Draco had put up a fight and threatened to leave, but Ron snatched his wand out of his hand, tossed it over to his mother, and hissed at him to stop acting like such a baby.

“Each team has twenty minutes to discuss strategy and hide their flag. When the bell rings, the game has started and whichever team captures the others’ first is the winner. Anyone caught out of their home turf by the other team can be put in jail and only rescued if tagged by their own teammate. Got it?”

Everyone nodded, and Draco tried not to grin. He would never admit it, but he was having fun, and had been for the majority of the day. There was something so carefree and welcoming about playing sports and games all day long and into the night, and despite that fact that he was dirty and sun-burnt, he did not want the day to end. He was on the blue team with Ron and Fred, while Harry, Ginny, Hermione, and George were on the yellow team. The girls had refused to be separated, and clung to each other as they giggled about just how dark it was with all the lights out. Apparently even Hermione was immune to the giddiness of a carefree summer’s day. They each had colored strips of fabric tied around their arms to signify their team colors.

After strategy discussions in which Draco spoke little, he and Ron snuck up to the attic to hide their team flag. Fred agreed to guard it for the first shift, his argument being that Ron and Draco were smaller than he was, and harder to catch in the dark. The house was filled with tip-toes and whispered shouts, flashlight beams scattered across rooms in search of friend or foe. Draco and Ron set out together to scope out the lay of the land; Fred had told them to find the location of the other team’s flag and then return to him so they could start planning their means of attack. Despite himself, Draco found that he was almost immediately wrapped up in the secrecy and tension of the game. Before he knew it, he was enjoying himself more than he had in years, sneaking through the house and signalling to Ron when all was clear. They had a close call when Harry skittered across the second floor hallway, but they ducked into a linen closet before he had the chance to see him.

Draco felt Ron’s breath on his neck, felt his body pressed against his. His body tensed when they heard someone pass outside, and he felt a pleasant fullness in his bladder that made him wish he were playing games with Harry in their beds at Grimmauld Place.

“You know there’s always a sleeping draught in the warm milk,” Ron said softly in his ear. “You wouldn’t have been able to wake up even if you wanted to.”

Draco turned his head slightly until he found Ron’s gaze. Was he trying to excuse his actions of the night before? Was he apologizing for talking down to him? Maybe Ron felt guilty about the spanking he had given, about his reaction to Draco’s bedwetting. Or maybe, like Draco, he had just been unable to keep his mind from wandering to the spanking whenever it had a free moment.

“Did she give you some too?” Draco asked, wanting to give Ron the same excuse, to signal to him that all could be forgiven, but Ron rolled his eyes and shoved his way out of the closet.

“Fuck off,” he said before turning down the hallway, leaving Draco confused, unsure as to exactly what it was he had done wrong.

Draco sighed as he pushed the door of the closet open. He knew the fun of the day would come to an end eventually, and in that moment he realized just how much Ron had contributed to his enjoyment of each activity. Now that he was alone, he was self-conscious and edgy. He didn’t want to play anymore. He had to go back to Fred and tell him he was going to bed, that he was tired and had to pee and was sick of running around like daft muggle children. But when he stood out of the closet and started walking towards the staircase to the attic, Ginny shone her flashlight in his face, Hermione not far behind the girl.

“Gotcha!” she said.

“I don’t want to play anymore,” Draco tried to explain. “I’m just going to bed.”

But Ginny and Hermione refused to listen. They dragged him by the wrists downstairs to the living room, where Hermione then shone a flashlight pattern onto the wall and someone shone it back to signal that all was clear. Sitting Draco on the floor, Harry appeared to tie his wrists and waist to the legs of a kitchen chair that had been dragged into the living room.

“Harry, I kind of don’t want to play anymore,” Draco tried as he fought against Harry’s grip on him. “Can you just let me go?”

But Harry wrestled until he had the ropes tied down, until Draco was left with his waist tied to a chair and his arms pinned back.

“Don’t be a cry-baby,” Harry leered, and Draco could smell the alcohol on his breath. Fred had whipped out a bottle for his team as well, and he had shared some with Ron and Draco, but it was clear that Harry hadn’t stopped; he was drunk and intent on nothing except winning the game.

Draco sighed and let his head fall back against the seat of the chair in frustration. He would just have to wait for someone to rescue him, wait for someone to steal a flag and win the game. It couldn’t be that long. Someone would have to break through eventually.

But an hour and a half later there was no progress in the game. Draco had seen Ron’s figure skirting through the kitchen, close to capturing the yellow flag, but he had disappeared through the back door when George came close and almost noticed him. Outside was out of bounds, but by that time everyone except Draco was too drunk to care. Draco’s problems were far worse than not being able to sneak into the living room and distract Harry to capture the flag. His bladder was full, and had been since he was captured and tied down. He had to pee, and bad.

It had been getting worse as the time ticked by, but he had waited patiently, not bothering to say anything because he was sure with each minute that someone would come to rescue him or steal the flag to end the game. But he was getting desperate. He thought this may have been the longest time he had been kept from using the loo. He was used to having a bathroom around when he needed it, and he was getting scared that he wouldn’t be able to hold it in.

“Harry?”

“Huh?” Harry had been dozing in front of the jail they had set up.

“Can you let me up? I want to go to bed.” Draco was embarrassed to explain the real reason.

“Of course not,” he said. “You’re not going anywhere.”

Draco sighed.

“Please, Harry. I...I have to go.”

Harry turned to look at Draco, took in his hunched expression, the way his legs were twisted together.

“How do I know you’re telling the truth?”

His words were a bit slurred, and he stumbled when he stood up to walk closer. Draco had never before seen him drunk, and it did not suit him. He felt distanced from the other boy, whereas only days before he had felt unbelievably close.

“It’s getting really bad,” Draco pleaded. “Just untie me for a minute. I’ll come back straight away, I promise.”

Harry paused, seeming to question the validity of Draco’s request.

“Please,” Draco said through gritted teeth, bringing his knees to his chest as a sharp urge hit him. “Merlin, it’s bad.”

“I don’t think I should let you up,” Harry said. “This is probably all some plan you and Ron hatched. You barely drank anything at dinner.”

“Harry, this isn’t a joke,” Draco said, the anger finding voice. “I fucking have to pee--bad!”

“You can hold it,” Harry said. “Besides, I’m sure Ron will come to take you to the loo and minute now.”

So Harry was still angry from what he had seen earlier, jealous that Ron and Draco had been locked together in the bathroom doing Merlin knows what. Draco felt his stomach clench as he snaked his legs around each other. There was no way he could explain that nothing had happened now, not in the state that Harry was in. But he was more desperate than he could remember. He cringed when a trickle of pee escaped into his underwear.

“I can’t hold it, Harry,” Draco said, surprised at the anger appearing in his voice as he rocked the chair behind him in his efforts to pull himself free. “Let me go. It’s not a fucking joke!”

He thought about calling time, thought about yelling for his teammates to come rescue him, screaming to Hermione, who was more than likely at least relatively sober, that the game had gone too far. Someone had to see reason. He was not about to pee his pants on the Weasley’s living room floor.

A stab of need hit Draco all at once and he doubled over as best he could, his legs shaking with the force of squeezing them so tightly together.

“Oh, fuck fuck fuck, Merlin, fuck!” Draco didn’t try to keep his voice down. He didn’t know what to do. He wanted to cry it hurt so bad. He sucked air through his teeth and bit down on his lip in concentration when he felt a spurt warm his briefs.

“Harry, this isn’t funny,” Draco spat. “Let me out!”

If only he had his hands free, he could squeeze at his crotch. He could hold it if only he had a good grip.

“Be quiet,” Harry told him. “You’ll ruin the game and they’ll know where we are.”

“They fucking know where you are! Untie me! I don’t want to play anymore!”

The others had started to hear the shouts. Draco could see figures in the darkness that had crept out to see what was going on. He needed them to understand. The game had to be over.

“I don’t want to play this fucking game anymore! I need--oh, fuck!--to get out!”

His voice was strained with the effort of keeping his pants dry. He couldn’t believe this was happening to him. He couldn’t pee himself; he was seventeen years old. He had to hold it.

“What’s going on?” George asked, coming forward out of the darkness and followed by the others.

“Nothing,” Harry mumbled.

“Game fucking over,” Draco yelled kicking at another chair and knocking it over. “Untie me, now! I can’t--”

He bent his head and tensed his body, mumbling curse words to himself, one leg crossed over the other.

“Get them!” Harry yelled to George, pointing behind him at Fred and Ron, who had just stepped into view.

But the others weren’t as drunk as Harry, and could see the situation in front of them. It was Ron who stepped forward, who rushed and started working on the knots at Draco’s wrists, who yelled for Fred to turn on the light so he could see what he was doing. But it was too late. Draco squirmed and yelled and crossed his legs as hard as he could, but without warning a fast spurt of hot wetness shot into his underwear.

“Fuck, no,” he breathed, yanking one hand free as soon as Ron undid the knot. He hunched over on the floor and squeezed his crotch and kneaded at his dick. “Damn it, Ron, I can’t hold it, I’m gonna--fuck!”

Draco closed his eyes and pressed the heel of his hand between his legs, but there was no stopping the stream of pee wetting his underwear. He was peeing into his pants. He squirmed and grabbed but nothing worked. The wetness spread to his jeans and he began to feel as if he couldn’t breathe. He felt the wetness hot against his skin, felt it stream down his legs and under his ass, saw the yellow liquid seep out from where he sat while he wet his pants and the floor and was left sitting in an acrid puddle of urine while the others watched from the next room. He gained control at last, but was so defeated that all he could do was tense his muscles and force the rest of his pee into his pants, forcing out every last drop until he was sopping wet but, at last, empty.

“Everyone go to bed. Now.”

It was Hermione. She had obviously heard the commotion and came down to see what was going on. Everyone turned and left; they could tell she was angry, that she meant business. Or maybe they were just pleased not to be the one to have to deal with their seventeen-year-old classmate who had just peed himself like a toddler.

“I’m sorry, Dray,” Harry said as he left, his cheeks red with either shame or drunkenness.

Draco did not look up until he heard the steps on the staircase stop. Ron had finished untying him, but still knelt next to him, just out of reach of the wetness, and Hermione stood above them.

“Ron, go to bed,” she told him, but Ron shook his head.

“I’ll get him cleaned up,” he said softly. “We’ll be alright.”

“Draco?” Hermione asked. “Is that what you want?”

Draco didn’t answer, just hung his head and stared at the wetness spread throughout his crotch.

“It’s okay,” Ron assured Hermione. “I’ll take care of it.”

Hermione nodded, squeezed Draco’s shoulder and left them alone. Draco felt sick to his stomach, ashamed with himself; he hated Harry Potter. He never wanted to see him again.

###

*097*2012-06-01 05:16

Thanks for reviewing, guys. I'm planning to go back and respond to your comments tomorrow when I get off of work, but I figured I'd post the next chapter now while I have a few minutes due to some wicked insomnia. There is a bit of Draco/Ron going on (Dron??), as Ryoku and Wolf predicted (Love you both for being on board with pairings even before they happen!). Harry and Draco will reconcile in the next chapter, and then its back to Grimmauld Place and Harry will need to deal with Snape. I've missed him, so I'm looking forward to him re-entering the story. I know I've been promising him for a while now, but I didn't realize just how long the section at the Burrow really was, so sorry about that, but I promise he's coming.

Take care and enjoy.

Chapter 20

Ron helped Draco upstairs and into his bedroom, half-carrying him because Draco would have been content to sit in the cold puddle of urine all night as punishment for his actions. How had he let himself lose control? How could he have embarrassed himself in front of everyone? He couldn’t go back to Hogwarts; Fred and George and Ginny would tell everyone. He would be a laughing stock.

“Stand here and I’ll help you change,” Ron said when they were alone in the bedroom.

But Draco was beyond caring, scared by the implications of what he had just done. He sunk to the floor as soon as Ron let him go, at the end of the bed that was meant to be for Harry. It was empty, which meant Harry had chosen to spend the night with Ginny. Draco hoped he had a horrible hangover the next morning.

“Enough of that,” Ron said. “Stand up. Do you want me to run a shower for you?”

He tugged on Draco’s forearm until he had pulled him to his feet, but Draco swayed and his knees buckled, so Ron had to support him with an arm around his waist.

“I can’t stay here,” Draco mumbled. “I have to leave.”

“Oh, shut up,” Ron said, rolling his eyes as he tried to force Draco towards the doorway, presumably towards the bathroom across the hall. “Don’t be over-dramatic. It was a fucking accident. There was nothing you could have done.”

He began undressing Draco, unzipping the green sweatshirt he wore over a white t-shirt and stringing it off his arms while still supporting the smaller boy with an arm around his back. But after he had tossed the sweatshirt onto the spare bed and started to work on the boy’s shirt, he looked up to find Draco crying, a hand covering his face in shame.

“Shhh,” Ron said, sighing as he rubbed the other boy’s back. “It’s no big deal. You just had an accident.”

“I hate him,” Draco growled, swiping at his tears. “I never want to see him again.”

Ron sighed, leading Draco to sit down on the cot. He figured it was the safest place considering Draco’s wet pants. Sitting next to the blonde, he put his arm around Draco’s shoulder, unsure of exactly what it was he was supposed to say.

“He was drunk. They all were,” he said, shrugging. “Harry’s a jerk when he’s drunk. It makes up for how nice he is the rest of the time.”

Rolling his eyes, Draco turned away from Ron, shrugging out of his embrace.

“He’s horrible,” Draco spat. “And if your brothers say anything about this I’ll fucking kill him for it.”

“Calm down,” Ron said, less sympathetically than Draco would have liked. “Ma would murder them if they ever said anything. Not to mention, they’d have Harry to deal with...and me.”

Draco glanced up at Ron, who had suddenly become very interested in studying the lines in his palm. He understood at that moment that, somewhere along the way, the youngest Weasley boy may just have stopped resenting him for his friendship with Harry, that he had possibly forgiven him for the years of unpleasantness to which he had subjected him and the other Gryffindors. They had somehow come to a tepid understanding. Maybe someday they would look at this summer years later, and it would almost be comical; Maybe years later they would reminisce over the extent to which their messed up teenaged melodramas had brought them all together.

“He made me wet my pants,” Draco tried, tears threatening to fall once again, but Ron shook his head and held Draco’s chin so he could look him in the eye and scrub off the tear tracks with his thumb.

“You wet your own pants,” He said, holding tight when Draco tried to pull away. “You tried, but you just couldn’t hold it in, could you?”

Draco shook his head.

“I couldn't hold it anymore,” he said.

Ron paused, catching Draco’s eye. They stared at each other in silence, an unspoken peacefullness arousing between them as they ceased to feel uncomfortable in each other’s presence. After a moment, Ron traced the flat of his hand down Draco’s neck and chest and waist until he was cupping the wetness of his crotch. The pee had gone cold.

“Does it itch yet?”

Draco nodded, and let out a tiny moan as Ron touched him through the soaked jeans. He was getting hard.

“Be mean to me,” Draco squeaked through silent tears.

“What?” Ron asked, his hand pausing in its caresses.

“Be mean to me,” he pleaded. “Like this morning.”

Ron nodded after a moment and leaned close until his mouth was next to Draco’s ear.

“You’re a fucking disgrace, you know that?” he said, quietly at first, mocking. “Can’t even hold your pee like a man. You’re pathetic. I can’t even look at you.”

Draco felt himself getting harder as Ron sneered at him, as he whispered into his ear. He leaned into Ron’s touch between his legs, and whined a moan when the Weasley boy pulled his hand away.

“Fucking pee-your-pants little girl,” Ron said, pushing Draco off the cot and down onto his knees. “Bedwetting idiot. No one wants you.”

He could not look at Ron, although he kept one hand between his legs, kneading his cold wet crotch as he hardened at Ron’s tone of voice.

“Hit me,” he pleaded, voice barely a whisper.

Ron swung his hand back and slapped the blonde across the mouth.

“Maybe that will teach you to keep your panties dry and use the toilet like a man. How can you even look at yourself, weakling?”

Ron squirmed slightly and Draco’s eyes widened when the redhead snaked a hand down to hold his own crotch. It seemed the Weasley boy was almost as turned on as Draco, that their shared shame had opened new avenues of arousal for them both.

Ron stood up and shoved Draco backwards. He crashed to the floor with a groan of pleasure, his head slamming against the hardwood floorboards.

“Take off your shirt,” Ron breathed, leaning down over the other boy. “Seventeen years old and not even potty trained.”

Ron watched while Draco pulled the t-shirt over his head. He reached down and grabbed him by the ear, yanking his head up off the floor sharply. He wondered just how far Draco wanted to take this. He would feel guilty were it not for the fact that he knew Draco wanted this, that he needed it. He would feel guilty were it not for the fact that Draco’s eyes were filled with unadulterated lust.

“Stop snivelling. You’re a disgrace.”

Kneeling onto the floor, he straddled Draco’s legs and reached forward to unbutton the boy’s damp jeans.

“You smell like pee,” he sneered.

Draco moaned as Ron squirmed against him, as he pressed his crotch against his. Draco saw that Ron was breathing heavily, that his hands were shaking as he popped open the button of the wet jeans.

“You’re a little momma’s boy who can’t hold his water. You---”

Draco looked up at Ron’s flushed face and tense body. Ron cleared his throat and bent down until his face was close to Draco’s, their stomachs touching.

“You deserve to be punished. I should make you sleep in your pissy panties since you obviously like it so much. I--”

Ron pulled back and bit his bottom lip between his teeth.

“Shit,” he breathed as he ground his hips against Draco. There was no doubt in Draco’s mind; Ron was definitely turned on.

Draco was rock hard and his breathing was ragged, feeling helpless and controlled as Ron degraded him with each carefully worded phrase. He sounded so much like Lucius he struggled against anger, and yet the struggle was half the appeal.

“I want--” he began, but Ron reached forward and slapped him with such force he felt his ear ringing.

“Don’t fucking say a word, pee face. A grown man wetting his pants like a toddler.”

Ron clicked his tongue in disgust and reached to pull the zipper down on Draco’s jeans. He shoved his hand inside, and he squeezed Draco’s crotch, feeling the sopping material of his ruined briefs.

“We’re going to have to--ah!”

Ron bent forward until he was practically lying on Draco, yanking his hand from Draco’s pants to shove it against his own. Draco knew he could stop the game; he just didn’t want to. His hard-on rubbed against the stained briefs and the crotch of Ron’s jeans pressed against him, dry, warm denim that no one had pissed inside.

“Oh, fucking hell,” Ron breathed, and the blonde felt a burst of scorching hot wetness seep through Ron’s pants and down onto Draco’s cold and clammy skin. It took all of Draco’s willpower not to come right that second. Ron had to pee, was in fact already starting to wet himself.

Ron paused, tensed with his hand between his legs, grabbing at his crotch to hold it back, but there was no use. With a moan, Ron started wetting his jeans. Draco was unable to keep from reaching a climax the moment the wetness burst through and streamed from Ron onto his crotch. He came as he watched Ron’s face contorted in shame and relief, as he heard him moan in desperation and fear, as he saw the streaks of urine snake down the dry denim of his spread inner thighs. Moaning, he reached up to wrap his hands around the small of Ron’s back, pulling him completely on top of his body as he pressed his crotch up against Ron’s. He breathed quickly as the boy’s weight pressed him harder into the floor, as their crotches were pressed hard against each other while Ron pissed himself dry and Draco panted in the glow of his orgasm.

“I’m peeing myself,” Ron gasped at last, the final streams of his pee soaking his jeans as he lay his cheek against Draco’s. Almost as soon as he had finished, he was grinding his hips against the other boy, bringing himself to a quick, desperate climax as the warm, sopping fabric rubbed against him..

When they were both spent, they lay catching their breath until Ron rolled off Draco, plucking at his wet pants. Ron’s eyes were glazed as he stared up at the ceiling in contentment. Draco smirked, having seen the look on Harry many times before after they had fooled around back at Grimmauld Place. It was just like Gryffindors to have a trademark optimistic expression reserved exclusively for orgasmic afterglow.

“I should give you a spanking for that,” Draco leered, flopping back onto the ground after having assessed Ron’s demeanor. He stared up at the ceiling as well, a wide smile spread across his face.

“I used to do that all the time when I was a kid,” Ron said, as if he had suddenly remembered a wonderful memory. “But more on purpose than that. I cried every time they tried to toilet train me.”

Draco scoffed a laugh, his mouth twisting in a crooked smile.

“Bad boy,” he said, looking at Ron out of the corner of his eye. “Bad little momma’s boy.”

With an effort, Draco heaved himself up onto one crooked elbow so he could look down at Ron’s dreamy expression. Leaning over, he placed one hand on the other side of Ron to support himself as he bent down to kiss the boy on the mouth.

“I’m not gay,” Ron said, turning away.

Draco shrugged.

“Okay,” he said, before taking Ron’s lips in his own again. Ron reached a hand around Draco’s waist and pulled him on top of him, and their warm and wet crotches once again were resting against each other. Ron was a good kisser; Draco snogged him until they were both exhausted and uncomfortable in their wet jeans.

“Want to get cleaned up?” Ron asked, and Draco nodded. He was relieved that Ron had not shown any embarrassment now that the impassioned moment had passed..

Helping each other to their feet, they quietly raced to the bathroom, where they showered before hurrying back to Ron’s room with towels wrapped around their waists. The bundle of wet clothes had been shoved carelessly into the laundry hamper.

“I don’t have any more clean briefs,” Draco admitted when they were dressing.

“Doesn’t matter,” Ron shrugged. He opened the top drawer of his dresser and, after pausing in what seemed like contemplation, took out two pull-ups.

“My ma tried to make me wear them once,” he said, tossing one across the room to Draco.

“They these things this big?” Draco was shocked, unsure of whether to be embarrassed or excited, angry or pleased.

“Sure,” Ron said, as if it was common knowledge. “Muggle bed-wetting pants.”

Draco’s cheeks flushed. He did not want to ruin the comfortability he had found in Ron’s presence, and yet he knew he could never wear these. What if Harry saw? Or if Lucius found out?

Ron stepped forward, sensing Draco’s concern.

“What’s wrong?” he asked.

Draco shrugged, unable to look Ron in the face.

“I--I’m not a--I don’t wet the bed,” he stammered.

Ron scoffed.

“What about last night? You were practically swimming.”

“It--doesn’t usually happen,” Draco lied.

Ron seemed to sense Draco’s fear, understood that he could not admit to his problem, no matter how obvious it was. He reached back into the drawer and tossed over a pair of dry briefs to the blonde.

“Suit yourself,” he shrugged, before yanking the pull-up on. He covered them with a pair of cotton shorts before climbing into bed.

Draco dressed in briefs and a t-shirt, too relieved that he did not have to wear a diaper to worry whether or not he had offended Ron by refusing. It was a lost memory, but it was quickly coming back to him, diapers and pull-ups and training pants and then pull-ups again before his parents decided to stop potty-training him and let him figure it all out for himself. His father had hated when his mother kept him in pull-ups on occasions far past his sixth birthday, and had once beat him for wetting it while they were travelling.

He lay on the cot and yanked the blanket from the other bed over himself, wrapping it around his body. There was a chill in the air, but Draco could not tell whether it was real or imagined.

“You know you can just sleep in the other bed,” Ron said. “I don’t think Harry’s planning on making an appearance tonight. He’s so drunk he’ll sleep like the dead.”

“It’s okay,” Draco said, sniffling.

Ron reached over and held his hand.

“It will all be better in the morning,” he said.

Draco nodded and Ron smiled.

“But you better keep that bed dry, you little weakling.”

###

*099*2012-06-01 22:21

{{:

Another perfect chapter. Why do you always have to be so perfect all the time?! *resents*

Haha, just kidding! Maybe I should stop being random and start reviewing.

I loved how to chapter opened with the aftermath of Harry and Ginny! What an attention-grabbing opening, and of course, the PSYCHOLOGY of this is amazing! (Can’t get enough of psychology, can you Ryoku?) I actually kind of like seeing Harry’s more malevolent side, because even though he really is good at heart, he has plenty of things to be resentful of (though I suppose the fact that he overcame them in the books made him the hero, and not the tragic hero). He is so envious of the life the Weasleys lived that he resents them for it, and even resents things that he knows couldn’t have been prevented, like his parents’ deaths. But when it comes to envy and resentment, the two combined are so destructively powerful that there is no room for reason among them.

}}

I absolutely agree. For me, it's boring to read fanfiction where Harry is happy-go-lucky all the time, and is able to overcome everything thrown at him. Yes, he overcomes a lot in the books, but not without his times of sadness, regret, and hopelessness. He is a very complex character in that way, so I'm really just playing up on what JK Rowling already set into place!

{{:

There’s just something about peeing with another person in the room that I love! I don’t even know what it is, but in every omo story I always hope for a scene like Draco and Ron peeing in front of each other! Maybe just the fact that it’s so intimate, and leaves the person who is… taking care of business (lol) so vulnerable that holds the appeal for me. I want to know what Ron’s opinion of peeing/wetting is! We’ve seen his ideas of bedwetting (heheh), but I’d like to know if he got anything out of Draco peeing in front of him. And the bit about Harry seeing them come out of the bathroom! OH MY G. I loved that! And with the emptiness he was just feeling, seeing his boyfriend coming out of the bathroom with his best friend must not be comforting, especially since it involves the thing that turns Harry on the most (peeing/wetting).

}}

Haha, I'm glad you liked that. It's not really something that does anything much for me fetish-wise, but I wanted to kind of use it to continue Ron's care-free nature and emphasize his tone of almost-joking-domination (at least outside of the bedroom, where it is obviously less joking and more emphatic domination) over Draco. I hope the newest chapter gave you an idea of Ron's opinion to wetting--I like to think he mostly resents it, because he hates his bedwetting to such a great extent, but at the same time he is interested by it, and not against playing games every once in a while. A long tiem ago I wrote an omo fanfic mostly about the Weasley boys and their frequent accidents as children and teens, and I think a lot of the Ron characterization from that story had found its way into this newer one. Strange how those things work...

{{:

The game they were playing at night actually sounds really fun. Haha, and putting Hermione in charge is so great. I like how Draco is actually involved in and ENJOYING the silliness and carefree joys of the Weasley home, as opposed to the fear and oppression he would have faced if he had gone home for the school break. But I liked the bit about him getting tired of the game, because even though it’s a welcome break from his life at home, there’s only so much a person can deviate from their normal life without longing for it in some way (which is why Draco loved Ron’s punishment???).

And maybe this is just my hopeful imagination, but am I getting a whiff of a little Ron/Draco here? That pairing usually doesn’t do anything for me, but in this story, it actually sounds really sexy. I’d be excited to see them as well as the bit o’ Snarry that MUST be coming up soon(?)! And the bit about the sleeping draught was SO GREAT. Haha, and Draco’s oblivious question to Ron about whether Molly gave him a draught also or not was hilarious. But for Ron it just reminded him that he has as little control over his body while he’s sleeping as Draco did while under the influence of the draught. Ron and Draco getting along is actually much better than I expected.

}}

When we were kids, we had a babysitter who let us turn off all the lights in the house and run around with flashlights playing a game like the one I wrote about. I always thought it was such simple fun, and I would probably still play it today! I hope the Ron/Draco of the most recent chapter satisfied your curiosity surrounding them. I'm toying with the idea of adding some more into the story because it's a really interesting dynamic between the two of them! And, yes, the Snarry will be coming soon--hopefully the chapter after the next if the editing goes as planned!

{{:

I loved the bit about drunkenness being unbecoming of Harry! And when it turns him into such a different person, Draco must really not like seeing Harry that way. The new dynamic between all of them is fantastic; both of the boys are pulling away because they see something in Ginny or Ron that the other can’t give them (compassion and punishment for Harry and Draco, respectively), and the fact that they know the other can’t give that to them is making them feel a bit alienated from each other. I LOVE THE BIT OF JEAOUSY, TOO. Harry being jealous (and voicing his jealousy in his drunken state) was GREAT! I loved commanding Hermione, also. That’s what’s so great about her character: she knows how to handle things, and can be the voice of reason where there is none.

I really hope there will be a bit with Ron and Draco! This is probably the only time I will ever say this, but I want a bit o’ passion between them! Again with the cliffhangers! Gah! What will happen with Ron and Draco? Harry and Draco? Will Draco leave? Where will he go??? UPDATE! *explodes*

}}

I'm glad the dynamic between Harry and Ginny and Draco and Ron have been working for you. It's been interesting to play with those relationships as contrasts and complements to each other, but I do have to admit I'm looking forward to Harry and Draco reconciling and turning back to each other. I think they've both learned more about themselves and their feelings towards wetting while at the Burrow, so now it leads to an interesting dynamic in that they are both more self-aware. And, I 'm sorry to leave you with the cliffhangers! Thanks for reviewing. You're awesome, as always!

{{:

Shoot! I was just rereading the bit about the spanking and I noticed something:

The bit about "verbal abuse placed upon him by his father"... did you mean Ron's father verbally abusing him? When I read that I thought it meant that Draco thought Ron sounded like Lucius when Lucius abuses him. But maybe I'm wrong...? It would make sense in the context if you meant that Arthur said those things to Ron, which is why Ron enjoys saying them to Draco.

}}

Hmm...now that you mention it, that part is a bit confusing. I was referring to Lucius abusing Draco, although it would certainly add a new element to the story were Arthur Weasley to have been a bit abusive at times as well...look at you giving me all new ideas for the story! :D

{{:

This was really good. I loved the fact that Potter is the one to blame now and it makes me wonder if Ron and Draco will get into some kind of relationship now.

To be honest I think Potter is really annoying at the moment. I love Draco in your story - he seems so sweet, so vulnerable, so broken. He really needs to be taken care of. I know Potter has to be taken care of as well, but he seems a bit more... demanding in these things.

I am sorry that I don't reply every time, but I am just really busy all the time! If I don't reply that doesn't mean I didn't enjoy your story though! I still think this is the best omorashi story I have ever read.

}}

Thanks, Wolf! You've always been such a wonderful reviewer straight from the beginning, and I totally understand that things come up so you're not able to comment every time! You are amazing, and you always encourage me to want to write more, for which I am extremely grateful!

I'm glad Draco works for you in this story. I hate his character mean and nasty all the time, but I just think he's adorable as a bit needy and vulnerable. Maybe I'm sadistic and just enjoy brining the bully down a notch, but I think it's honestly less that and more me trying to give a reason to his bad behavior and make him seem a bit more humane and sympathetic.

And I'm glad Harry seems a bit annoying in these chapters. Because the story mainly follows Draco's pespective while at the Burrow, I wanted Harry to be the less likeable character throughout the scenes. They'll reconcile soon, however, and he'll redeem himself in his dealings with a certain Potions Professor... ;)

