Poor her - Page 3

Author: largebio

*051*2018-08-02 05:31

While mingling back into the crowd, Laura still gets the odd chear and whistle thrown at her. She takes in each and every one with a smile.

“Who’s ready for a shot?”, she asks.

Ellen declines. Her young body is already dealing with enough alcohol right now.

Despite being only a few months older, Anna is much more experienced in getting drunk, so she accepts. And so do Emma and Natalia. The four girls take a shot, and wash away the taste with some more beer.

Then it’s time for some more entertainment. It’s time for the guys to show off their bulges. Not their bladder bulges, but the ones in their underwear.

About halfway through the competition, the girls take another flugel and another one near the end.

At this point, you could easily say by looking at them, all five are pretty wasted. But that doesn’t stop Natalia from getting another round.

When the clock strikes 3 in the morning, most people have returned to their tent or caravan. But the girls are still going strong, and Ellen goes to get some more beer. This must be their tenth round or so and the girls can’t walk straight anymore.

At four o’clock - as there are only about a dozen people left - the music stops playing.

Disappointed the party has ended, the girls start walking back to their tents. As they walk past the bar, the bartender waves them over.

“Hey, you’re that girl that won the bikini contest, right?”, he asks Laura.

“Yes”, she smiles.

“Here, to celebrate your win, here’s some tequila”, he says, lining up five shots.

Not wanting to be impolite to the cute bartender, even Ellen accepts.

“Now can we get some beers to wash it down”, Emma says, with a disgusted look on her face.

“Here, they’re on the house. Get home safely”, the bartender says, getting five beers.

As the girls walk back, they count how much they’d had to drink. They quickly draw the conclusion each has had twelve beers and the shot of tequila. And all except Ellen, also had three flugels.

“No wonder we can’t walk straight”, Anna says.

“No. But hats off to little Ellen, having never drunk before and handeling it so well. Proud of you sis”, Emma says, while hugging her sister.

“All that alcohol is making me need to pee.... badly. I think I’m going in my shorts”, Laura says, already feeling her bikini bottoms get wet.

Her ligh grey shorts turn a couple shades darker as she leaves a trail of pee behind her while still walking.

Not much later, a cascade of urine appears from under Anna’s dress as she too pisses herself.

Meanwhile, in their drunken state, the girls have walked in the opposite direction of where they should be walking and now they’re lost. Bases purely on luck, they decide to turn left, to see if they can find their tents there.

By now, Natalia has started to wet herself too and her black shorts are rapidly soaked.

Ellen is now walking with a hand in her crotch, and despite being so embarrassed about her accident two days ago, she’s now too drunk to care.

She relaxes her muscles and being incredibly full, her bladder starts emptying itself almost instantaniously. Her white shorts become so soaked they turn translucent, and if it weren’t for the darkness, people would be able to see her green bikini bottoms.

After a minute and a half, she feels utterly relieved and leaves her sister to be the only one with dry clothes.

But not for long, as Emma is soon tired of holding it all in, wetting her bikini bottoms, but keeping her loose yellow dress dry.

Then, after having turned a shirt ten minute walk into an hour long search, the girls find their tents. And as quickly and quietly as possible they crawl into their sleeping bags and within minutes pass out.

TO BE CONTINUED

*054*2018-08-02 06:00

{{8 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

What a excellent chapter I am loving this story so much

}}

{{2 minutes ago, Tali'zorah said:

Love the story so far.

}}

Thanks!!

*058*2018-08-02 20:40

At around 11 o’clock Natalia, Laura and Anna wake up with a massive hangover.

Unsurprisingly, Anna has pissed herself in her sleep. And both Laura and Natalia have woken up twice to pee themselves.

In the other tent, Ellen wakes up shocked. In her drunken sleep, she’s wet herself. And if that isn’t enough she has the worst headache ever and her mouth is drier than the sahara.

“What the hell is happening?”, she whispers to herself.

“Hangover”, Emma says having heard her. “Ohhhh. And that, lots of people wet themselves passed out drunk”, she says seeing her sister’s wet sleeping bag.

Emma’s bladder is filled to the brim and she quickly crawls out of her tent. Knowing there’s no way she can make it to the bathroom she hikes her dress - as she fell asleep still wearing it - and relieves herself through her bikini.

“Needed to pee?”, she hears someone say behind her. Shocked she tries - but fails - to stop the flow and turns around. She’s relieved to see it’s Anna and not her mom.

“Yeah, badly”, she confirms.

“How’s your sister doing?”, Anna then asks.

“Massive hangover. And upset she wet herself sleeping”.

“She’s not the only one. I’ll go try cheer her up”, Anna says.

“Thanks!”, Emma says. “I’ll make some coffee, want some too?”

“Yeah, and I think my cousins will love some too”.

After a while all five sit around the table sipping their coffee.

“I’m hungry”, Natalia moans.

“Good thing I went out to buy bacon and eggs yesterday”, Laura smiles. “Who wants some?”

“Absolutely”, Emma says, “perfect hangover food”.

Laura cooks breakfast and the girls happily devour it.

“Who knew that, beautiful and a great cook”, Anna says.

After breakfast - or early lunch, depending on how you look at it - the girls grab their stuff and head to the beach.

On the way over, Anna manages to discretely pee her bikini, so discretely even the others don’t find out.

Over at the beach, Laura insantly takes her top off again and within half an hour all five a asleep again. Hopfully they’ll be less hungover when they wake back up again.

TO BE CONTINUED

*060*2018-08-03 05:33

After a while, Ellen wakes up. She feels wetness around her crotch, and after a few seconds, she realises she’s peeing.

At first she clenches her muscles, trying to stop the flow. But then she remembers she’s at the beach and releases again, not even caring about her towel getting wet.

During the next hour, Natalia, Laura and Emma wake up to pee. Too hungover to even bother rolling off of their towels, each girl soaks it.

Anna, though, continues to sleep. But after being asleep for two hours, her crotch dampens again. Soon, a trickle of pee is visible running down to her towel, as she’s sleep wetting for the second time in under twelve hours.

Hours later, the girls head to the water to cool down a bit. Through a combination of still dealing with alcohol and drinking plenty to stay hydrated, the girls pee again. This time all while in the water.

Once they’ve cooled down, the girls head back to their tents.

“Laura, Natalia a word please”, their mom says.

Shyly and slightly worried they sit down next to their mom.

“I thought I made myself pretty clear yesterday about those sleeping bags. But today I found them wet again”, she says.

“So?”, Laura says.

“So? As I said, I made myself pretty clear. I don’t want my fully grown daughters peeing their sleeping bags. I want you to use a toilet, like a normal person would”, their mom says with a very angry tone.

“You said we should be cleaning our own mess. And we will, at the end of the holiday. But for now, we will continue to wet”, Natalia says rather bitchy.

“I see no point in debating this. You will not be peeing your sleeping bags again. That’s it. Natalia, you’re excused, Laura, we need to discuss something else”, their mom furiously reacts.

Natalia leaves, only wondering what her mom wants to discuss with her sister.

“Your father and I were walking along the beach and stumbled upon the three of you and the neighbour’s girls sleeping on the beach. All fine, except you seemed to have lost something”, the mom says.

“Lost something?”, Laura asks, honestly not knowing what her mom’s talking about.

“Where was your bikini top?”

“Ohhh that. I took it off, I don’t want any tanlines”, Laura says innocently.

“Excuse me?! I don’t want you to show off your bare breasts, who knows what kinda creeps it will attract”, her mom continues.

“Wow. If she’s so upset about this, good thing she doesn’t know about the party last night”, Laura thinks to herself. “Sorry mom, I’m eightteen, I can show my boobs anytime I want. And we’re in France there’s plenty of topless girls on the beach”, she says, getting up and retreating to the tent.

“What was that about?”, Anna asks curiously.

“Apparently she saw me topless on the beach and doesn’t want me to be topless”, Laura answers.

“Bullshit. She doesn’t want us to pee in her too, but that’s not going to happen either. So just keep going topless”, Natalia says.

“Of course I am, I don’t care what mom thinks about it”, Laura says smiling cheekily, undoing the strings of her top, and taking it off.

TO BE CONTINUED

*062*2018-08-03 06:24

“But why am I not getting scolded?”, Anna asks.

“Our mothers are sisters, remember? And sisters tell eachother everything. At least, we do... But your mom contacted ours about your nighttime accidents. So she must be thinking you just had an accident”, Laura answers.

“Well, I did last night”, Anna laughs. “Now tell we why you’ve taken off your bikini top”.

“I’m gonna sit outside like this until my mom accepts I like to be topless”, Laura says, crawling out of the tent.

“This is gonna go south”, Natalia says, quickly following her sister.

Not wanting to miss the show, Anna promptly follows.

Indeed, Laura and her mom are in a heavy argument when Natalia decides to intervene.

“Calm down sis, you’re angry and acting emotionally. Let me do the talking”, she says. “Mom listen, as you said we’re your two fully grown, adult daughters and we’re old enough to make our own decisions. We decided we want to piss our sleeping bags. Laura decided she wants to be topless”, Natalia calmly says.

“I..I just hoped I raised you better than this”, her mom stammers.

“You raised us brilliantly. But we turned out to be pissy pants and an exhibitionist”, Natalia says, “and there’s nothing wrong with that”.

Touched by her daughter’s speach, the mom allows the girls to pee and show their boobs whenever they want: “but only while we’re on holiday. Back home in the Netherlands you act normally again”.

“Thanks mom. And there’s no way I’m gonna piss myself back home. I don’t want my friends to find out”, Natalia says.

“And I don’t want my whole school to know what my boobs look like. But here... I’ll never see these people ever again”, Laura adds.

The girls retreat to their tent. “You almost had me laughing when you said you didn’t want the entire school knowing what your boobs look like”, Natalia says.

“Why?”, Laura asks.

“Plenty of girls have seen you in the locker room and you’ve fucked enough guys to have at least a quarter of the school having seen your tits”, Natalia answers.

“A quarter is not the entire school”, Laura laughs.

Dinner is eaten in an awkward silence, Laura has put her top back on, but still the athmosphere is loaded with tension.

They play some card games before retreating to their tent to sleep. The first thing Anna, Laura and Natalia do is taking off their bikinis and pee their sleeping bags.

The next day, they - together with Emma and Ellen - decide to rent a large peddle boat fitted with a slide.

TO BE CONTINUED

*065*2018-08-03 08:21

{{1 hour ago, Melificentfan said:

Loved that chapter now to have some fun with Emma and Ellen

}}

{{55 minutes ago, Manowar said:

This story is absolutely fabulus. I like especially the part of Laura's argument.

}}

Thanks for the postive feedback guys!

*066*2018-08-03 20:32

The girls pick up their boat, and peddle out. Once they’re more or less out of sight of other people, they stop peddling.

“I need to pee”, Anna says.

“Well, you’re surrounded by water. Jump in”, Ellen says.

“Too simple”, Anna says, walking to the edge of the boat. She then pulls her bikini bottoms down and swings her hips forward. The uses her right hand to spread her labia and starts pissing.

At first her pee falls straight down, but after some re-adjustments, her pee flies through the air. She manages to create an arch hitting the water three meters away from her.

“Impressive, cous”, Laura says, as Anna pulls her bikini bottoms back up.

The girls then climb the stairs to the slide, and slide down into the sea.

After a while, Natalia needs to pee. She tries to beat her cousin’s distance peeing from the edge of the boat.

“Guess you beat me there”, Natalia says, disappointed to see her pee doesn’t reach nearly as far as her cousin’s.

Emma is the next to try and beat Anna’s record, failing miserably, as more of her pee ends up in the boat instead of in the water.

Then Laura tries, getting pretty close. “Guess we’ll have to call it even”, Anna says. Laura agrees.

“You have to try it too”, Emma tells her sister.

Hesitantly, she agrees. “But don’t make fun of me cause I’m the only one with a hairy pussy”.

“We won’t. In fact I only shaved mine for the first time last week, when Laura taught me. Maybe she can teach you too, later”, Anna says.

Feeling slightly uncomfortable, Ellen pulls down her bikini bottoms, revealing the bush that had already been visible crawling around her bikini. It nearly completely hides her tight snatch, and blocks nearly all of her pee, resulting in even less ending up in the water than her sister managed.

TO BE CONTINUED

*068*2018-08-04 05:35

The girls brought lunch on the boat, so they take a brake enjoying it. Afterwards they soak up some rays, Laura again doing so while topless.

Then, Anna needs to pee again.

“Gonna try and break your own record”, Emma asks.

“No. Got something else in mind”, Anna says, while taking her bikini bottoms off. She then climbs up the stairs of the slide, and sits down at the top. She spreads her legs, hanging them over the slide’s edge and pees. A river of pee flows down the slide, into the sea.

Then she takes off her top as well: “time for some skinny dipping.

Surprisingly, Ellen is the first to join. Now that she’s already showed her hairy pussy, she doesn’t care much about showing her small boobs.

Not caring at all about nudity - in fact, she quite likes it - Laura quickly joins too. Followed by Natalia and, eventually, Emma.

Over the next hour, all except Anna pause to take a pee. Like Anna, they pee down the slide.

“You know, this whole skinny dipping thing, it feels kinda nice. Kinda free. But I wouldn’t do it around strangers”, Ellen says.

“I totally agree”, Emma says.

“Yeah, the water flowing around your pussy feels nice”, Natalia adds.

“And around your boobs too”, Anna adds.

“I agree with you”, Laura adds, “except I wouldn’t mind doing it around strangers too”.

“Of course you wouldn’t, you’re my little exhibitionist sister”, Natalia jokes.

“And your body is absolutely perfect, head to toe. It deserves to be flaunted”, Emma adds.

“Thanks, I guess”, Laura laughs.

“I bet you to do it. Jump into the water when we’re nearing the shore line and swim to shore”, Anna says.

“Sure thing”, Laura says.

The girls spend a couple more hours swimming and suntanning, before heading back to the shoreline. All but Laura, put their bikinis back on once they’re in sight of other people again.

Laura keeps her promis and jumps into the water some fifteen meters from the shore. She swims to the beach, and as her hot naked body emerges from the waves, people turn to see what’s happening.

Some teenage boys can’t hide their boners, while some older guys start whistling to her.

Then her sister brings her bikini, which - to the dismay of many - she slips back on.

Then the girls head back to their tents, where they find out their parents are out to town, so they decide to cook dinner together.

While eating dinner, the sound of running water fills the air.

It’s Ellen peeing in her chair. “I really had to go, but I think it’s rude to get up while eating”, she says.

“Way to go girl!”, Anna says, “welcome to the club”.

Not much later, the other four join Ellen and soon five puddles lay under their chairs.

“And you, welcome to the club too, Emma”, Anna says.

TO BE CONTINUED

*071*2018-08-05 05:44

That night, the five of them sit in the large tent Anna, Laura and Natalia normally sleep in, playing truth or dare.

At some point, all have been dared to hold their pee until they burst.

Ellen is the first to look desperate, her small bladder has filled quite rapidly.

“Ellen, truth or dare?”, Anna asks.

“Dare”.

“I dare you to take off your bikini”, Anna says.

Ellen complies. And a couple rounds later, all five are naked. By then, Ellen has her left hand burried in her crotch, squeezing her pee hole shut.

It’s her turn to answer the truth or dare question.

Again, she chooses dare.

“I dare you to let Laura shave your pussy”, Natalia says.

Excited, Laura jumps up to get some hot water and shaving cream. She couldn’t care less about being naked while running to her parents caravan, as they still haven’t returned.

“You’ll need to take your hand away though”, Laura says.

Slowly, Ellen removes her hand, losing some spurts immediately. She manages to control them, but as soon as the razor touches her bush, it tickles. It causes her to lose all control.

Laura quickly pulls her hand from under the stream, as Ellen just pees and pees.

“Sorry I got your hand wet”, Ellen says.

“No problem. Risk of putting it there, I guess”, Laura laughs it off. She then proceeds by shaving Ellen’s pussy until it’s completely bald.

By that time, Anna seems to be fighting a losing battle. She’s rocking back and forth, her left hand firmly placed in her crotch and her thumb plugging her pee hole.

Despite that, some pee escapes her. Drop by drop, her bladder starts emptying itself. This goes on for two minutes, when the drops turn into a slow trickle. The slow trickle turns into a gushing stream as her muscles finally give out, her hissing clearly audible.

The sound of running water isn’t helping Emma, twisting her legs. Natalia and Laura are both squirmy, but not as desperate as Emma.

Fifteen minutes later, Emma leaks. She gets it back under control, but not for long. Leaks keep coming and keep increasing in length. Until her muscles give out too, becoming the third girl to lose it.

Then Laura is dared to finger herself to an orgasm. Not at all bothered there’s four people watching, she happily starts rubbing her clit. With the help of her full bladder pressing down on her, she cums within minutes. She moans loudly, and her orgasm has caused her to lose control of her bladder.

With her hand still rubbing her clit, she pees and pees, soaking her hand and the sleeping bag she’s sitting on top of.

Seeing her sister pee, Natalia loses some spurts. She controls them, but five minutes later she spurts again. This time, the spurts turn into a steady stream.

All girls have now emptied her bladder, when they hear a car pull up. Ellen’s and Emma’s parents have returned, and the two of them quickly put their bikini back on, before greeting them.

Not much later, Laura’s and Natalia’s parents return too. They - and Anna - put their bikinis back on too and greet them.

“Hey girls”, their mom says running past them.

“She really has to pee”, their father says.

Laura suggests Ellen and Emma sleep over in their tent, which they happily agree with.

“You ok with that mom?”, Natalia asks.

“Sure”, their mom - having returned from the bathroom, which she reached just in time - says.

And thus, Ellen and Emma get their sleeping bags and put them in the other tent.

“Now where were we”, Anna asks.

“Let’s start by getting naked again”, Laura says.

All five do so, and they play truth or dare for a little while longer before going to sleep.

TO BE CONTINUED

