Omorashi Drabbles

Author: Jimmy Olsen

*000*2014-12-04 19:43

Introduction: In the last 7 days I wrote 7 drabbles for 7 omo bloggers. There's a 500 character limit for Tumblr messages and each drabble was 2 or 3 messages long. I'm doing some revising and expanding before I post them here, but they're still very brief and to-the-point compared to my regular stories.

Drabble 1: "The Perfect City"

Again last night. It always starts like a normal day.

It's wrong outside. The sky is too blue. The streets are too smooth. The lawns are like golf course greens. The trees are tiny toys blown up to grotesque proportions.

I'm confused when I try to go to work. It can't be my neighborhood, but it has to be. I drive around in a daze until I'm lost. I stop at a convenience store where a man gives me directions to my own office building. He looks old but has no wrinkles. He acts nice until I ask for the loo key.

"I dont cater to detestable practices!" he shouts.

Everything around town is actually where it should be. I tune out the wrong details as I drive. I tell myself it's all in my head. The wrongness will go away when I'm fully awake and at my desk. But I'm still nervous, and I still need the loo.

At the office I make a beeline for the ladies'. It's so clean and white it's blinding. The girls fixing their faces are like dolls. One of them laughs at me when I scan the stalls. Each one is empty. Now I know something's wrong. I notice next that the toilets are all dry and dusty.

"Nobody uses those things" says the girl who laughed. "They came with the building. They were for something too disgusting to allow."

I try to ask her. Explain myself. I can't find the words. There are mirrors all over so I know how red and flustered I look. I have to leave. My uneasiness escalated to horror. My need for a toilet is more severe than before. It seems I'm wrong to have it.

My workplace and everything around it is different today, but it looks like I'm the part that's wrong. I think I can solve this problem with careful thought, but I can't think straight with a full tank. I wander the halls frantically.

I see a supply closet. Its my only choice, but it seems so wrong. Inside is a mirror. I'm an odd sight perched atop a bucket in a navy blue and white business suit with my skirt around my ankles. I look a fright. There's dirt on my heels, dust and lint on my suit, my hair and makeup are wrecked, there's so many spots where my skin's not right, the flesh of my waist is creased, my thighs are misshapen, and that tuft of fuzz between them looks so obnoxious. All my flaws come out in that mirror.

I try to ignore the wrongness of it all and just do what I need to do. I shoot a fierce jet that feels so good I can't diminish it for anything. The bucket and closet are an echo chamber inside an echo chamber. I blush at the noise.

Most nights it ends with a knock on the door.

A man's voice says, "You're under arrest for urination." I feel terrible. Guilt. Fear.

This time it goes longer. I see the man who knocked.

He wears the grimmest, sternest uniform imaginable. His clothes, hair, and skin are as flawless as everything in the town. Moreso. He's so flawless he doesn't even have a face. His hand is like a vice as he escorts me away. I hear I'll be taken to the "modification center."

I'm always thrilled to find the eerie town isn't real. I'm safe in my warm bed. Too warm. The guilt returns.

Drabble 2: "In the Park After Dark"

One night when I was 18 I took a walk alone without knowing why. I felt restless and I just found myself out of the house walking nowhere in particular. Seeing every place I knew dark and empty was liberating. I went by the church, the hospital, even cut through the school grounds. I walked by the park and saw her on a lamplit bench.

At first I thought she was just a girl. Skinny jeans, Keds, pastel sweater. Then I noticed the familiar hair, glasses, and oh-so-proper posture. Was that Miss Smith, my English teacher? I had to get a closer look.

It was her all right. Out of context and in a different outfit she looked young and foxy.

Uncomfy.

I'd walked too close. She recognized me so I couldn't get away without at least saying "Hi." She greeted me and went into the usual verbal fluff about being surprised to see me here and now and not being sure at first if it was me. I sensed I wouldn't get away without a long conversation, so I took a seat next to her.

We had a clear view of the downtown where the lights were thick and colorful. The scene was almost romantic.

Doubly uncomfy.

I expected to hear about school or how a boy my age should be in bed at this hour. That's not how it went.

"It's beautiful tonight," she said. We got to chatting about how interesting our city was in the quietest hours of the night. It did have a certain feel that was new to me that night. I mentioned I wasn't used to shooting the breeze with a grown-up like this.

"You look like a grown-up to me," she said with a smile I never thought I'd see on that woman's face.

It was about that time I peeked without meaning to and noticed this seemingly sexless member of the high school faculty was shaped like a real live woman. I also noticed a dark spot the size and shape of a summer squash under her folded hands.

She caught me staring at her lap so I had to say something. There was no pretending I didn't see.

"Did you spill something?" I asked.

She blushed like she was a misbehaving student I had scolded. "No, I did that all by myself." She made it plain before I could ask what she meant. "I think many of us have a hobby we're not proud of."

Freaky.

A couple pleasantries later I was walking away. She finished her ritual with an "Ah!" I heard a drizzle on the grass, which turned into a loud continuous rushing that sounded like it was spattering onto the cement in front of the bench. I thought I could smell something in the air. I wanted to look but knew I shouldn't.

I keep thinking I dreamed the whole thing but I know I was wide awake. I also know Miss Smith looked at me different after that night. The rest of the semester felt weird.

*003*2014-12-06 08:11

Drabble 3: "Prank and Punishment"

I could see daylight through a crack so it was time to patch. I was under the stairs when my girlfriend stopped by and couldn't find me. I called up to her but she couldn't hear.

She descended to the dark concrete nightmare of my basement. There was worry in her voice when she called out, "Is anyone here?"

When she turned a light on I could see the silhouettes of her ankles. It was too tempting. I pinched her with a pair of cold steel screws and shouted, "We are the people under the stairs!"

She let out a beautiful feminine scream worthy of a horror flick as she stumbled and fell. I heard her butt hit the step over my head. She also spilled something. The overhead lamp made it look like liquid light pouring down the fronts and backs of steps, turning a section of the staircase into a waterfall sculpture.

It was obvious I scared her more than I expected, but I still didn't know the half of it. I got out of the dark and jogged around to the base of the stairs to make sure she was OK. She's always so together. I never thought I'd see her as vulnerable as she was then.

Her body was sprawled out like she lost the will to move as soon as she hit the stairs. Her face was bright red. Her eyes were wide with a look of wounded innocence. Tears were running down her cheeks. Her pretty girlish lips were turned down. She could barely talk to scold me. Her voice wavered, just holding back from sobbing.

There was that liquid flowing across and between the varnished wooden steps and pitter-pattering on the concrete floor. The mouth of the river was her khaki shorts. Little streams ran down her long legs leading to a couple tiny ponds on the sides of the main flow. This was why she was upset. I'd scared the potty training out of her. Still a surprisingly severe reaction from a woman who regularly shrugs off injuries and insults.

This wasn't the beautiful, strong and sophisticated woman I was used to seeing but she suddenly had a different sort of attractiveness I'd never seen before. That was part of why I was just a little bit pleased by this turn of events. Another part was the excitement of an unexpected cataclysm. And part was because this was something intimate she was sharing with me. By accident, of course.

When I tried to console her she noticed a dose of pleasure in the mixture of my feelings. She was always good at reading me. The furious dripping woman stamped up the stairs and right out of my home.

I'm writing this at her house 9 days later. After not speaking to me for all that time she invited me to stay the night. She made up rules. I can't so much as hold her hand until I "atone for" my "misdeed." The bathroom is off limits. Right now she's pouring my 13th iced tea with a smile but not the sweet smile I know. It's really starting to sting.

Drabble 4: "Jellydrabble"

You wanna know why my friends call me "Nurse Joy"? Reason 1: my name. Reason 2: a video game I was born just too early to obsess over. Reason 3: The time I treated a jellyfish sting.

I met Vi in a crisis (long story) and cemented our friendship in another. She took me on my first trip to the beach after I moved here.

I was used to wearing baggy pants and hoodies. I felt uncomfortable wearing a bikini outdoors. Like those dreams you're giving a speech in your undies. I felt even more uncomfortable soon after I got there. Being able to move my hands around in pockets helped my bad habit of waiting too long to go potty. In my bikini I couldn't do anything like that without being obvious. Somebody stared at me and I realized I was doing a potty dance like a little girl without even knowing it. I curled up in the sand to keep the pressure on the right place without embarrassing myself. I needed the potty soon. Vi was my scout.

That was when I met Cal, her significant other whose significance varies. She led me to him instead of a potty. There seemed to be a lovely blue Christmas ornament on his right leg just above the knee. Box jellyfish. Agonizing sting. He took it well. Vi, on the other hand, was hysterical.

She'd heard the cure was urine, knew I had plenty, and demanded I provide it. I declined (with lots of stuttering and awkwardness). I wasn't prepared for what happened next.

She reached down, grabbed my bikini bottom, and slid it down to my sandals. I could've died. I'd never even shown my tits to a man who wasn't my doctor. Now one had a scenic view of my hidden valley. There was no turning back. I assumed a lambdoidal position and flicked on the sprinkler.

Malfunction. Something to do with the 30 people staring.

I tried to ignore my audience. Looking in Cal's eyes made it worse. Looking at his inflamed wound wasn't any better. In between was the most engorged dingus I've ever seen. I've heard Brazilian wandering spider venom does that but I never knew jelly venom could. I just stood there straddling Cal's leg for a while, rocking and bobbing my body as I tried coax out a stream from my bashful bladder. It just didn't want to start.

Then something happened that fixed my stage fright like magic. Vi looked me straight in the face and yelled, "Piss on my boyfriend this minute or I'll never forgive you!"

I gave his leg a good soaking and then some. He moaned with relief. I moaned with relief. The crowd applauded. I kept spraying that leg.

"You can stop now," Cal said, but I couldn't. He just had to crawl out of the way. There was a big wet crater in the sand before my flow finally cut off.

I rebikinied myself and tried to forget any of it happened. Not easy when your friends think you're a hero.

That's when they named me "Nurse Joy." Sexist, I think. If I had a wiener to whip out and cure Cal's sting I'd be called "Doctor." But the nickname was given with respect, and the experience gave us all a funny story to tell (usually without some of the details I'm telling you). We've been tight ever since (except during the times when Vi and Cal are dramatically broken up). Never had the heart to tell them urine does nothing to treat jelly stings. I gave Cal a shower of golden placebo.

Drabble 5: "Spurned at the Sleepover"

It struck me I've never written about an event I think about often. My memory may be sweeter than reality but I have a photo to prove it's based on a true story.

Sis was having a slumber party and I was trying to sleep through the giggles and screams. I went for a glass of water and saw one of her friends at the kitchen table with her bags packed. She was a frail waif with light blond hair and baby blue eyes. The instant I saw her tears and heard her soft weeping I stopped thinking girls were monsters and started thinking they were heavenly beings.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

"Back off, Green Ranger," she said (re: my PJs).

"What's wrong?" I asked again. I had a gift for words.

"Don't pretend to care," was her answer that time.

I was tactless enough to ask "What's wrong?" a 3rd time. She reached in a bag and threw a piece of clothing at me.

"That's what's wrong."

"What's wrong with your panties?" asked befuddled little me.

"Its a diaper!" she angrily sobbed. "I'm a teenager and I still need diapers. They're right to laugh at me."

She asked me to wake up one of my folks nicely so she could get a ride home. Her voice was so sweet and sad. I was completely under her spell at this point. That must be why I did something that sounds crazy in retrospect.

I scampered to my room, shed my pajama bottom, put those butterfly-festooned undies on, and returned to tell her wearing diapers was no big deal. She brightened up and we could talk like friends. I learned her name was Fiora and her bladder control gave out when she was excited or scared or doing warm-ups in gym.

I told her those girls didn't deserve a friend like her if they were gonna treat her bad for something she couldn't help. I convinced her to stay but stay out of my sister's room. I gave her my bed.

"I like sleeping in a sleeping bag anyway," I told her. "I can pretend I'm camping."

I didn't camp far from Fiora. Crazy to think there was a time I had a girl in my room with me overnight and my parents thought it was cute. Not sure they ever heard I was wearing a girly diaper at the time.

Early in the morn I woke up to the sound of panicking. Even Fiora's fast frantic breaths were cute.

"I woke up and didn't know where I was," she explained while calming down. Then she hung her head. "I'm wet."

I needed to take my morning whiz so I just stood up straight and pretended I was at the toilet.

"I'm wet too. It's no big deal."

She acted like this was the sweetest gesture. Only time I've done something with my penis that made a girl happy.

It wasn't too long before Sis and her friends burst in and made fun of us. Somehow they found out I had one of Fiora's diapers on because one of them pantsed me to show it. Sis even took pics so she could embarrass me for all of time. I didn't feel too bad because one of them shows Fiora kissing me on the cheek. I look at it to this day and daydream.

I was really kissed by a girl once. It can happen again. Keeping that in mind makes me feel good now that life is dismal and complicated and girls are the most complicated part of it.

Besides, Fiora's out there somewhere. I always know I could bump into her somewhere someday. Now our age gap wouldn't be a big deal. I fantasize about us reconnecting and sleeping together. Not the sexual way. With jammies and diapers on.

*005*2014-12-08 04:24

{{:

Your writing style is fabulous! I really enjoyed reading this and hope to read more from you!

}}

This is very sparse compared to my usual style. I'm happy you like it.

Thanks for the comments, everyone!

*006*2014-12-11 13:57

Drabble 6: "Squeezing the Most Out"

I always try to squeeze the most out of Black Friday, but this time I pushed myself to the limit.

I was high on holiday spirit (but mainly coffee). Pam was my sidekick this year and she prodded me on whenever I slowed down. We were up before dawn waiting for Target to open, hit all the hot spots on 60th Street, and worked our way inward. We were in the mall downtown when the euphoria started to fade.

I had to take a good long rest on my fluffy coat on a bench. If Pam wasn't there I could've fallen asleep. She hung around like a hyper puppy wanting a walk. I eventually stood up, but didn't scamper to Dillard's like she wanted. We decided to separate for a while and I took my first bathroom break. I hadn't noticed it 'til then, but boy was I overdue.

At the twelve hour point of my shopping day I was standing in a huge line that snaked along the west wall of the food court. Once I thought about my bladder, I couldn't stop, and the fullness seemed to increase faster than the line moved.

I made it to about the middle when I let a kid cut in front of me. Poor thing looked like she was close to an accident. Seeing her potty dance made me want to do one too. I zipped my coat up, pulled an arm out of the sleeve, and grabbed the crumbling floodwall between my legs. I could feel the rock-hard bulge of my bladder as I maneuvered my arm inside my coat. I hoped no one could see what I was doing. I was safe for the moment, but the toilets were far away.

I pressed my legs together and called Pam's cell to ask how the lines at the other restrooms were.

"I'm on the case!" she said. By the time I saw her I was holding myself with both hands and rocking back and forth. Even the little girl was holding out better than me. Pam brought a smile and the bag I left at the bench.

"Follow me!" she commanded.

"Where?"

She got ahold of an arm and there was no chance of escape. Just walking was difficult, and now I was doing some silly jog as I tried to keep from being dragged along the floor by my manic shopping partner. I only leaked a little, but I was so fixated on my problem I barely noticed where we were 'til we arrived in the dressing rooms at Penney's.

When Pam said "I got something you gotta try on" with an unchanged smile, I doubted her sanity. She herded me into a room, closed the door and said "I put it in your bag."

I was stunned when I saw an adult diaper.

"Hand it to me when you're done and Ill throw it away," she said like it was the most normal thing in the world.

I had no choice. I threw off my coat, pulled my slacks and panties down to my knees, and fit the diaper in, up and around. I popped a squat out of habit, but let go before I was all the way in position. There was a muffled sound like a coffee machine filling a cup so big it took over a minute to fill.

My feelings went back from anxiety to euphoria. The afterglow was so good I forgot where I was 'til Pam asked how I was doing.

We went back to shopping after she remarked that she'd never seen a diaper half as soggy as mine. I was grateful for her help, but unsettled by the cheerful revelation that she always wore diapers on shopping binges.

Drabble 7: "You Asked for It"

Imagine the hot midday sun shining down on a quarry full of cool water. There's trees and weeds and wildflowers all around, except a gravel lot connecting to a country road. Some men are fishing and their kids are swimming.

Now picture a skinny boy a little older than you with messy black hair. He's quiet and nervous and the only one not in the water. Right now he's disappeared from the group and looking for the densest part of the trees.

Now picture a girl with sleek brown hair that's almost black and somber eyes the same shade. She's a little older than the boy, and a lot more grown. Right now she's got nothing on but the top of a jungle green swimsuit.

This is a startling new sight for the boy, but more startling is where the girl is. She's getting up from a bench inside a decaying wooden outhouse. The door is broken and she never bothers with the rock that can hold it shut.

The boy barely catches a glimpse, and has to have a second look. Now she's wiping herself in front. He doesn't see much at his distance, and he feels too guilty to linger. He doesn't know she sees him too.

When he thinks he's so deep in the forest nobody'll see him, she's suddenly right there.

"You violated my innocence and I'm telling our dads." She never smiles, but she's amused by the boy's little fit of panic and flurry of apologies.

"If I watch you we'll be even," she finally tells him.

He's in the woods to do that anyway, and agrees to her terms. She doesn't like his method.

"Don't unzip," she says. "I'm an innocent girl. You must do what you watched me do, while wearing your clothes. Otherwise everyone will hear about your sinful spying."

The boy takes a deep breath, closes his eyes, and stops holding it in. The girl peers at his jeans with steel eyes as the washed-out denim became a deep rich blue in a square spot at the base of the fly. It grows into a big sideways kidney shape with vines of wetness creeping all the way down his legs.

"That's all I was holding." The boy chokes as he talks because he's almost crying.

"You're forgiven," says the girl. "Now jump in the water with your clothes on to clean off." The first time she lets him see her smile is when she dives in after him.

You asked how your parents met, and that's the story.

