One Fifth Grade Girl

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2012-06-15 22:32

The afternoon was barely started as a young girl with heavy freckles, nearly auburn hair, green eyes, and meaty thick thighs and heavy arms with a matching rotund belly sat on a plastic yellow school chair behind her wooden student desk listening to the elementary school teacher. To her left, was a window that presented a dreary day that had been cloudy and rainy most of the day. To her right, was a black haired girl who was quite shy most of the time. In front of her was the class know-it-all and spoiled princess with yellow-blond hair by the name of Amanda. Behind her, a yellow headed boy with blue eyes by the name of Jason prepared some hidden annoying agenda inside his open desk.

“Holly,” the teacher called on this girl to give an answer to the day’s first math problem example.

Holly sighed and stood up, her bottom wagging from side to side from her rolling gate. Many of the students laughed at her for the way she walked, for her weight, and for other problems that she had, but none of them bothered her except for one. The only thing that got to her, was when students mentioned that she didn’t take a bath, or that she was a baby and smelled like an animal, but at the moment, they had no excuse to say anything about that as she strolled to the front of the class.

“Take your time,” Mrs. Adams coached her. “You know this problem.”

Holly looked at it carefully. Nine times four divided by two and adding four more. She immediately remembered that adding 4 more was the same as multiplying by one more set, so she wrote to the side of the problem nine times four plus four is the same as ten times four and wrote forty. Then she divided the whole thing by two and came up with twenty.

She turned around smiling at the teacher, waiting for her work to be approved.

The teacher frowned, and then Holly looked back at her work wondering why the teacher didn’t accept her work. The know-it-all had her hand in the air already, and Holly scratched her head. Nine times four is thirty six and four more is forty, so that was okay. Forty divided by two is twenty. She couldn’t find her mistake.

“Alright, Holly,” Mrs. Adams smiled at her. “Tell you what, ignore for the moment that I’ve added the addition part of the problem. Work the whole thing, but don’t add four right now.”

Holly sighed and did as she was told. Four times nine divided by two was thirty-six divided by two which gave her… eighteen.

“Good, now add the original four to that answer,” Mrs. Adams continued to instruct her.

Of course, now she got an answer of twenty-two. Holly scratched her head. How did the teacher know that the answer was twenty-two and not twenty? Why are there two answers to the problem?

The teacher went on explaining to the class about how the functions work in math, and about being careful to do the steps in the right order to get the right answer.

Holly sat at her desk trying to understand, but she still didn’t understand how it was that the teacher knew that the addition should be second and not first, and why it was that there could be two different answers. She hoped that some of the others had the same questions, but no one seemed to be brave enough to question the process.

As Holly opened her math book to turn to the right page for the daily math assignment, she saw that the book had instructed her the same way as the teacher had, and also had example problems with two answers, one with a red X through it, and one with a star next to it. It still did not really explain to her why she couldn’t add before dividing except just showing her that there could be another answer, which was wrong.

Holly sighed. Looking at the clock, the afternoon was wearing on towards one-thirty. In a few more minutes, the teacher would take them to the computer lab where they would be typing out their stories if they were ready for the publishing stage, and where they would be doing the other processes of the writing steps if they were not yet ready.

Holly closed her legs together and yawned as she stared down at her book, feeling a little confused about why she couldn’t do the easier parts first, and then get easier answers. She had always thought that you could add and multiply in any order, and that adding and multiplying were really the same thing.

The quiet girl next to her, named Amy, turned to see Holly scratching her head and keeping her knees quite conspicuously close together. She smiled meekly and then turned back to her work, something that if the blond Amanda had seen, would have become something quite more to Holly’s embarrassment.

Taking that as a hint, Holly tried to slightly part her thick thighs so that she wouldn’t draw too much attention to herself from those that would pick up on her antics and start laughing at her, but at the hairline, a bead of water was already forming, and a cold sweat made the back of her neck feel quite cool.

The clock was approaching one thirty-five, and Holly knew that the teacher’s rule was that after a break, the students had to wait an hour because they should have gone to the toilets before coming in to class. That meant, she still had at least forty minutes left, because they had just come in from lunch at one-fifteen.

There were reasons that Holly would not use the bathroom during lunch though, and she would avoid them during the morning break as well. She didn’t say anything to the adults about these reasons because she figured it would just make the problems get worse as the problem people would be upset and start calling her a tattle-tale on top of everything else they already picked at her for.

Holly looked up from her math again at one fifty, and she decided to chance the question as it was obvious that just sitting there too long might end up getting her embarrassed or worse.

Sighing, she raised her hand halfway up as she always did, her first finger lingering in the air in a crooked bend almost as if it hung her arm for her on some invisible hook until the teacher could see her waiting patiently.

“Yes?” Mrs. Adams asked with a smile.

“Can I go to the bathroom?” she said in a very low somewhat shaking voice.

“I’m sorry?” Mrs. Adams couldn’t quite hear her.

“Can I go to the bathroom?” she asked again trying to be a little louder, but not draw too much attention to herself.

Several heads turned her way, a few of the kids with smiling and watching the exchange. It was hard to read if most of the others wanted the teacher to say yes, or no, but Holly could guess what she thought Amanda and a couple of others wanted, and it would be for the teacher to humiliate her.

“I’m sorry,” the teacher looked up at the clock. “But you can tell time, can’t you?”

Holly nodded.

“And has an hour passed since your last recess yet?”

Holly shook her head.

“Then you have your answer, honey. She smiled at Holly though, and tried to make it seem like it was just because of the rule, and because Holly had to learn to plan her time better. Holly would, but there were problems with the bathrooms at lunch time. First of all, they were always full of other girls, which always made her nervous in the first place. You could say she had a very nervous bladder. Second, there were kids like Amanda who stood in front of the bathrooms that were just near the recess grounds, and they would determine who could go freely, and who had to pay. Of course, Holly always had to pay somehow, which caused her to avoid them.

The clock’s hand ticked up to the eight indicating one forty, and the teacher stood up from her desk and walked to the front of the room once more. That was the sign that some students took to start putting away their books just before the teacher told them to.

“Get your writing out,” she said pleasantly. “We are going to type out our work, if you are ready, and if you are not, then you need to find peers to edit your work or you need to come and see me if you are ready for the teacher edit.”

Row by row, the students were called to stand up, and wait in line by the door. Holly’s group was called first, so she was the third one at the door, and the change of position caused her privates to tingle some as she her bottom swayed in line.

“Holly’s going to wet her pants,” she heard Amanda whisper to the boy at the head of the line.

The boy looked back to see indeed that Holly was squirming a bit in line.

Another minute passed as the students were called to the front, the students in line being as quiet and still as possible, but a few students were openly pointing at Holly laughing in whispers about whether she will pee her pants or not.

Mrs. Adams started to walk to the front of the line, when she saw how Holly was holding herself, and squirming in line.

“Robert take the class to the computer lab, quietly. I’ll meet you there in a bit,” and she grabbed Holly’s arm and pulled her out of line. “You stay with me for a minute,” she whispered to the girl that shook a little from fear of what the teacher was about to do to her even as she struggled to keep from wetting.

Once the line had left, Mrs. Adams took her to her desk where she started to fill out a yellow slip of paper.

“Young lady, by the looks of your situation, I’d dare say you’ve been holding it since recess. Am I right?”

Holly looked down and answered in a very low tone. “Yes ma’am.”

“It would serve you right if I didn’t give you this,” she was signing the yellow paper. “You do know what this is, don’t you?”

Holly squirmed on the spot hoping her teacher wasn’t teasing her, and would soon hand it over before she had an accident.

“You may go to the bathroom, and when you finish, you can come back to this room, not the computer room, and I want you to write two hundred times that you will use the bathroom when you are supposed to. Do you understand?”

Holly felt tears running down her face as she nodded that she understood.

“Then go to the bathroom, and come back and get started. I’ll be checking on your progress before you go home, so I suggest you don’t waste any time.”

Holly took the pass and started out of the class towards the closest toilets to the fifth grade area. The teacher, meanwhile, had walked to the computer room to check on the other kids.

The classroom was quiet and lonely when Holly returned. She wondered if she could hide this exchange with the teacher from her parents as she started out with her lines.

‘I will go to the bathroom during my breaks like a big kid,’ she wrote. Five lines when by quickly, but it was becoming tedious by the fifteenth line. She shook her wrist after the twentieth line, and she put her head on her desk as she wrote the thirtieth line. This was pointless work, but she knew she’d be in real trouble if she disobeyed the teacher, not so much from the teacher, but if the teacher told her dad. It was going to be lucky for her, even if she could keep them finding out she had to write lines again because of holding it. Her mother had told her not to hold it at school, and her dad had grounded her once before when the teacher told him that she suspected that Holly was not using the toilet during her breaks at school, but rather waiting for class to start.

Holly soon observed that it was two-thirty, and she knew that the teacher would soon be back to teach them history. She looked down at her completed eighty-three lines, and she sighed. There was no way she’d have two hundred done before she went home, and that meant her dad would definitely find out that she had had to write lines related to not using the toilet during break again.

Robert was the first person back to the room as Holly started her eighty-fourth line.

“What are you working on?” he asked brightly as he strolled to her desk side.

“Nothing,” she tried to cover her paper.

“Nothing?” he asked her. “Everyone saw you squirming, so I’ll be this is related to you not going to the toilet during lunch,” he was smirking with eyes that narrowed at her daring her to deny it.

Holly just lowered her head trying to squeeze in one more line before the teacher called the class to prepare for history class.

As Amanda came to her chair, Robert whispered just loud enough to her that Holly could hear. “Holly is a little bit wet.”

“I am not,” Holly protested as she glared from him to her.

“Let’s see,” Amanda smiled.

“Why should I show you?” she asked her hands on her hips as she continued to sit.

“Because if you don’t show me, I’ll tell everyone you wet anyway, and it will spread up to the teacher who will probably get upset at you and call your parents.”

Holly glared at the girl thinking about it before she rose up from her seat. “See? I’m not wet.”

That was when Robert had seized the chance to take her paper and look at it.

“She’s writing lines about using the toilet at appropriate times,” he observed.

Holly sighed and sat back down hoping the teacher would come, catch them, and at least make them give her back the paper she had been writing on.

“Sit down, Robert,” Mrs. Adams had entered the class. “I’ll take that paper.”

The teacher looked at it, and then took it to her desk.

“That’s good for now,” she told Holly. “I’ll have you work on it tomorrow during your morning and lunch recesses rather than send it for extra homework.”

Holly breathed a sigh of relief. With an excuse to stay in the classroom the next day, she wouldn’t have to deal with playground bullies or other problems that were related.

*002*2012-06-16 22:41

It is true that this kind of thing happens in schools for real, but that just makes it more realistic. I know personally about these kind of things, which make them easier to write about. For the most part, teachers are not allowed to tell kids to wait anymore unless there is a real reason because if they do, they can face going to jail, losing not only their job, but ever working again as a teacher and so on. But the bullying and the other situations that make a child too shy to go or ask are real. That is why I figured it was a likely situation to have it happen.

*005*2012-06-17 21:49

Incidentally, I agree. I hate it when people over use the voting down. It's ridiculous. He didn't say anything that offended me, and I didn't - rep him, but I was warned not to discuss reps when I got upset about it before. He should talk to Shu, and see if they can be removed. I would support him if Shu asked me if his comment was offensive or not, because it really wasn't offensive to me. He has a right to not like something I wrote as long as he is respectful about it, and I responded to him fairly and in the open about what I was doing. That is the mature way to talk about differences of opinion.

By the way, I do read his stories, but I'll check to see if this is one I've read or not.

I made her not cute on purpose. People always seem to think that girls have to be cute or special, to be liked, and I wanted to break this stereotyping. People are all cute in their own ways, but far too many people go for the 'model' of cute, and that drives me crazy. For the most part, that isn't most people.

And yes, I did read this story. It was fantastic! I just read it after responding to you, and so now, I edit to tell you I did read it.

*007*2012-06-18 02:32

Holly went through the house door cautiously avoiding the kitchen where her mom was making dinner, or so she assumed, and the living room where her no good old man was either lounging in front of the idiot box with a beer in hand, or he was looking through the paper as if interested in looking for a new job.

She quietly made her way up the stairs towards her bedroom to get her backpack off of her shoulders and to pull out her homework so it would look like she was studying, and then she would sneak towards the bathroom.

The bus ride home had been nearly an hour ride, and living as far from the city as they did, she had no friends close enough that she could chat with. She would give almost anything to have a sister or brother to even fight with, but as it was, she was just lucky when her parents left her alone and didn’t ask too many questions to find something she had done wrong.

Holly slipped through her bedroom door, looked around at her nicely arranged room with the bed perfectly made with not a wrinkle on the top blanket, her desk so orderly and dusted off that it shined, and her floor so soft and free of any debris that one might even wonder if it was used. And she dropped her bags carefully by the closet.

She thumbed through the three or four books that were always in the bag at all times, and for the folder that had her math in it. She was not allowed to forget her math homework or anything else. If she did, it would mean far too much trouble, and really be worse than struggling with things that she felt uncertain about.

She walked to her desk and put these things on it, the book open to the right page, and her homework and pencil neatly next to the book as if she had written one of the answers, and then she closed her bag and slipped over to the door of her room to peek out and see if she had been followed up.

All was quiet. Holly breathed in relief as she carefully stepped to avoid any sounds coming from the floor making her way to the upstairs toilet. She didn’t think it was wrong to use the bathroom, but she still wanted to escape all notice that she was home until she absolutely had to let them know so she could eat dinner.

Holly pulled her jeans and her panties down, cringing as the sounds of water hitting water landed into the toilet bowl. Adjusting her position, she tried to make it hit the porcelain instead so that it would muffle the sound. She didn’t want to get caught being out of her room before her studies were finished.

The fear of being heard, had even kept her from flushing the toilet or washing her hands. They would yell at her about flushing the toilet later as they usually did, but they must not find out that she was out of her room before her homework was finished. This was what she believed they wanted from her.

When Holly was safely back in her room at her desk trying to solve the various answers, and double checking with the steps in the book that she had not taken a short cut and gotten the wrong answers, she felt a load of burden lift from her shoulders. She would now be caught studying despite the pee in the toilet, and her mom would praise her for getting right to work on her homework instead of putting it off.

Holly lifted her shirt partway, revealing a deep bruise that was still slightly purple. No one would ever find out where it had come from because even Holly had blocked that terrible incident from her memory. She only thought she had done something to deserve it, after all, not everyone in the world could be wrong, could they? And everyone punished her.

She looked from her math to her bed a little nervously. The neatly pulled quilt was hiding something from her parents, and though they would eventually find it, as they always did, she did like to postpone getting in trouble as long as she could. Sometimes, she even felt like she got away with it, if she was careful enough and tried to be good in other ways so that they had no reason to go looking for what she had done wrong. She especially hated it when her dad was disappointed in her and angry because of her childish antics. She was only ten. Wasn’t she a child? Well, still, there could be no excuse for someone her age to wet the bed, could there? Her dad said so.

Holly looked back at her math and tried the next problem. She could feel the time passing, and the gnawing at her stomach told her that it had to be nearing dinner time. She had not misbehaved badly, yet, unless Mrs. Adams had told them after all that she had behaved like an immature baby again. She hoped not.

Holly was five problems into her homework when she felt a presence behind her, and automaton-like turned to see which parent was watching her.

“Holly,” the big beefy man that stood taking up the doorway entirely and then some smiled at her. “Already working on your homework like a good girl? Can I see?”

She knew that was not really a question, but a stern request, and reluctantly for fear he would find that she had done it wrong after all, she nodded slowly.

The man with his strawberry blond messy hair, piercing blue peepers and gruffy bear-like facial hair, rolled over to the desk and looked down at his daughter’s work. He checked the book himself a couple of times, and then her work, and after several minutes, smiled to show approval.

“Dinner is ready. You can continue your homework after we eat.”

Holly nodded and stood up so the bear-like father could lift her up. She was far too old to be picked up and pampered all the time, however, she preferred that to him being angry and scolding her all the time, so she lifted her arms automatically so he could pick her up and feel happy.

“Are you putting on a couple of pounds?” he asked her as he grunted in lifting her into a comfortable carrying position.

“I don’t know,” she honestly said. “I haven’t weighed myself in a couple of weeks.”

“Oh well, let’s just have dinner, and we can check your weight before bed.”

Holly nodded and let him carry her down to the table.

“What are you doing,” her mother asked dad. “You know she’s already ten years old. She’s not a baby anymore.”

“I know, but she put her arms up, so I figured I’d carry her. She did ask me, in her own way, didn’t you Holly?”

“Yes,” Holly whispered.

Her mother sighed. “Sit down before it gets cold.”

*008*2012-06-18 23:58

After dinner, Holly went up to her room to finish her homework, and then she pulled back the blankets to reveal a still damp set of sheets and orange-yellow stain in the bed. She sighed. It was going to be hard to sleep that night, but at least her parents didn’t find out and punish her.

Holly crawled into bed moving as far from the dampness as she could get and laid there quietly. The clock on her wall next to the desk read ten thirty. She wondered if her parents even knew she had remembered to go to bed on time. It didn’t matter if they did, as long as they didn’t catch her up when she was supposed to be in bed.

The next morning, the sheets under her had mostly dried, and she barely felt anything. Slowly, the little girl started to stir and her eyes fluttered at the bright sun pouring through her open window. The smells from under the blanket were a little strong and she was a little worried her mom or dad might notice, but at least her bed was dry, and maybe since it had not happened his night, her parents wouldn’t feel inclined to teach her.

Holly got up from the bed, her panties faintly smelling like the bed sheets. She sighed and walked to the dresser to change them when the door to her room opened without a knock or anything.

“Holly?” her dad walked in.

“Hey dad.”

“Are you getting ready for school, then?”

“Yeah.”

“What is that smell?” he asked her. “Did you wet the bed again?”

“Not… not last night?”

“When then?”

“The night before. I’m sorry.”

“How old are you, young lady?”

“Daddy, please. I… I didn’t feel it when it happened.”

“I asked a question, Holly.”

“I’m ten.”

“And you wet the bed like a …?”

“Two year old,” she held her head down.

“What did we say if you acted two again?”

“I would wear diapers?” she sighed.

“So you already knew the rule, but you wet the bed anyway.”

Holly looked up at him, tears running down her cheeks. “I know.”

“Come with me, Holly, just as you are.”

Holly turned, still in her smelly panties from the night before. She walked with her dad to her parents’ room.

“Heather, I warned her, you know I did.”

“What is it?”

“Your daughter wet the bed the other night and then hid it.”

“Oh, Holly! Didn’t your father tell you we’d put you in diapers if you did that again?”

Holly hung her head, tears stinging her eyes.

“Come on, mommy will give you a bath first. You probably smell like a sewer right now.”

Holly walked with her head bent following her mother.

After a bath, during which her mother said that two year olds cannot wash themselves right, and forced Holly to let her wash everywhere except the front of the girl’s privates. That much, the mother did let Holly do.

Then she was taken naked into the living room and told to lay on a towel where dad already had a thick diaper waiting for her.

“You can wear a diaper to school, and that way, you won’t get in trouble for wetting during your lessons, Holly,” he explained. “We’ll send a note with you that your teacher needs to check you three times during the day and send you to the nurse if you are wet.”

With tears, Holly nodded. She had been warned that this would happen. She didn’t want to be a baby, and she really did try to stop wetting her bed, and to control her bladder at school.

Finally, after she was dressed and ready, she was put on the bus to go to school.

