Blade Of Vengeance (Pt. 2)

Author: frostyjr2

*000*2013-03-31 05:27

Link to Pt. 1

%https://omorashi.org/topic/13061-blade-of-vengeance/

Blade of Vengeance (Pt. 2)

In the darkness, the three of them sat, bound and helpless, staring at the masked and mysterious figure standing in front of them dressed fully in black from head to toe and holding what looked to be a very sharp and deadly sword.

Their bellies were swollen from the water they had been forced to swallow, and not been allowed to release.

They were suffering; the pain from being forced to hold so much in their bladders was excruciating.

Although the room was cold, they had begun to sweat, with fear as much as pain.

After a suitable pause, the masked figure spoke.

“Do you recognize this place?” she asked, grimly.

“Ten years ago, the three of you brought a young girl here, to the basement of this abandoned hospital. You raped her, beat her, and then left her here, unconscious. Tonight, you will pay for that.”

The boys thought back to that time. There had been more than one victim, and there was no way of knowing which of their bad deeds had come back to haunt them.

In any case, it didn’t matter.

They were going to atone for everything all at once, here and now.

The girl fell silent. She wanted to let their imaginations run wild with the possibilities of what might happen to them, to experience the terror that she had felt that afternoon long ago.

Ten years had passed, but the feelings and memories were still vivid in her mind.

The brutal rape, the physical pain they had inflicted upon her, and the emotional scars which had taken so much longer to heal.

Her descent into a private hell, and the long road she had traveled to get back.

She had been swallowed up by darkness, and had survived.

She had embraced the darkness, and it had become a part of her now.

Tonight, she would create some memories of her own.

The sound of dripping water had finally stopped.

The cistern was now totally empty, and the three boys were totally full.

It was time to begin.

She would need both of her hands for the next step. Reluctantly, she sheathed the katana.

Bending down at the knees, she carefully placed it in its stand on a low table.

“Normally, I would not put my sword away before it had tasted blood,” she spoke softly.

“But that will have to wait.”

Going to each of her captives in turn, she removed the plug from the catheter and released a carefully measured amount of liquid into a container before carefully re-sealing the outlet.

The boys shuddered with the relief of pressure on their bladders. But that relief was not the point.

She simply needed to make room for what was coming next.

She picked up a large jar containing a dark yellow-tinged clear liquid.

“I’m sure you can guess what this is. I’ve been saving it just for you, and there’s more than enough to go around.”

The girl carefully poured a third of the jar’s contents into the first boy’s funnel, slowly and deliberately.

He tried to move his head aside, but she held him firmly in place as the urine flowed into his mouth through the funnel and down the tube into his stomach.

The other two boys knew that the same treatment awaited them shortly.

And all too soon, they were taking in their equal share of the girl’s warm, acrid urine.

She had made sure to avoid drinking too much water while saving it for them, so that it would be particularly strong and undiluted.

She left Billy for last.

Although they couldn’t really taste it fully, the smell was enough to make them gag and choke.

She laughed, and said “First payback… You made me wet myself, and I vowed to make you drink my p*ss.”

Normally, she avoided vulgarity, but tonight she used the word for its effect.

‘Urine’ seemed too clinical, and ‘pee’ a bit too cute. She wanted to intimidate, not amuse.

“I hoped you would choke on it, and it seems to be having that effect. How nice.”

The girl set the empty jar aside, laughing.

Stepping behind the first boy, she pulled an ice pack from a cooler.

Reaching around to his bare stomach, she then applied it directly over his bladder, and duct taped it in place.

He whimpered and shivered as the cold had its effect.

He began to squirm in his chair, at least as much as he could, being tied to it so tightly.

If he had been able to, he would have immediately started to release the urine which was trapped inside of him, but with the catheter in place, there was no way he could.

She did the same with the second bound boy, and then the third.

Saving Billy for last again… smiling once more, she brought her fist sharply into his left kidney, hitting as hard as she could.

He grunted with the pain of it, but like his two companions, he was unable to relieve the pressure on his overburdened bladder.

His body twisted violently in spasm with the force of her unexpected blow.

The girl knew he was in serious trouble. In fact, all three of them were.

If they weren’t allowed to release the pent-up urine inside of them soon, bad things would begin to happen, very bad things.

Still, her revenge had been delayed for so long. Now she wanted to prolong their punishment just a while longer.

This was justice being served, payback for ten long years of her own suffering.

She picked up a feather from the low table.

Slowly, she began to tickle each of them in turn, stopping just long enough to move on to the next helpless victim, not allowing any significant recovery time, keeping them on the edge. The relentless feather visited the soles of their feet, the backs of their necks, the area around their armpits; inflicting the gentle cruelty of tickle torture on bodies trussed up and unable to laugh, squirm, or pull away… and unable to release the contents of their bladders, no matter how much they needed to.

By now sweat was pouring out of all three of them, running down their faces in rivulets.

If the funnels hadn’t been blocking their mouths, they would have been begging her to stop.

Their suffering was immense; and yet, apart from that one kidney punch, she had been restrained.

The state they were in was due to only water, ice and a feather, each judiciously used in the most efficient way.

She thought of the irony of their fate, to be humbled and humiliated by such soft and seemingly innocent means.

In a way, it was both an appropriate metaphor and a perfect turnabout.

They had taken her by force, but until now, her revenge had followed a different path.

Now she pulled the funnels and tubes out of their mouths as they choked and gagged again.

She wanted to hear them speak.

The first boy began to sob quietly, unable to do anything but suffer.

The second boy begged for her to let him go, to let him pee, to stop the pain any way possible.

But Billy tried to seem defiant.

He spat and spoke to the whimpering, pleading boys next to him.

“Shut up, you asses. Don’t give her the satisfaction of hearing you whimper and beg!”

Then, directed at her, “You bitch! If I wasn’t tied up like this, I’d show you a thing or two!”

“Ah, yes. But you ARE tied up quite securely, aren’t you?” she asked.

“How does it feel to be the helpless one? To know that there is no way to prevent what is coming, no matter how horrible it might be?”

Not waiting for a reply, she kicked each of them in the chest, not hard enough to cause damage but just hard enough to topple them.

They were now lying on their backs on the floor, still tied to their chairs.

She then pulled on their catheter tubes gently but firmly, exposing their privates outside of their boxers.

The girl moved over to the low table once more.

Kneeling down respectfully, she first bowed her head and meditated briefly, clearing her mind of all thought, blanking out all sound.

Then, she took the katana in both hands and lifted it up from its stand.

With a single fluid motion, she rose and once again withdrew the shining steel blade from its lacquered sheath.

Her feet padding softly on the concrete floor, she made her way back towards the three boys on the ground.

As the girl approached, the sword in her hands, the three captives began to seriously fear for their lives.

There was no telling what this vengeful fury had in store for them, what she was capable of.

She waved the katana blade slowly in front of them, gesturing in turn to their genitals, their stomachs, and finally their necks.

Even Billy fell silent now, his false bravado silenced by what he expected to be his imminent death.

The moment of truth had finally arrived.

Her mind was clear and resolute as she reflected back on her history and on all of the events which had brought her to this place. Her studies of religion, philosophy and literature; her pursuit of the martial arts, first with her female Japanese sensei and then with Hanzo-Sama; everything was coming into focus with crystalline clarity at this moment.

It was a revelation to her, all of her senses heightened with the truth of it.

Until now she hadn’t been quite sure exactly what course she would pursue in the end.

As she gazed down at the three helpless boys, she realized finally that there was no honor in slaying them, no matter what they had done to her in the past.

She had become a warrior, wielding an honorable weapon.

Using the Hattori Hanzo katana to kill these three would be like using it to slaughter pigs.

She thought back to Hanzo-Sama’s words as he had handed her this unique and special weapon.

“Use it with wisdom and restraint, for each use takes a toll you will someday be forced to reckon with.” he had told her.

At that time she had been so intent on revenge that she had neither fully heard, nor fully understood his words.

Now, in this moment of revelation, she understood… to take a life should be a meaningful act, one that had a higher purpose behind it.

In order for that act to have meaning, one’s opponent must be worthy of the toll one would pay in the end for the taking of that life.

And now she understood finally why Hanzo-Sama had given her such a sword.

Not to doom her intended victims, but to save her own soul from damnation.

She smiled again, reflecting on her master’s wisdom, and his trust in her true nature.

He had seen this moment residing within her, although she had not been able to see past her need for vengeance at that time.

How wise he had been, to know her better than she knew herself.

Now, her decision made, she strode purposefully towards the boys, stopping at each one in turn to slice at their genitals as they shrieked in horror, only to realize that her precise strokes had not unmanned them, but instead had only severed the plugged ends of the catheter tubes.

Finally free to void, the contents of their bladders rushed forcefully out of the tubes, spilling over their stomachs and splashing into their faces as they sputtered and choked.

There was a lot of urine contained within, so the full emptying took some time, and the girl enjoyed every second of their humiliating discomfort.

Once they had emptied their overworked bladders fully, she moved behind each one in turn and rendered him unconscious with a single hard blow to the head.

Then, she used her katana to slice their bonds, freeing them.

When they awoke, they would have headaches for awhile, and bad memories of this night for the rest of their lives.

But they would be none the worse for wear physically, and they would be free to leave.

Of course, the only clothes they had were the urine-soaked boxers they were wearing.

She smiled again, this time at the thought of the three of them making their way back home from this remote location in those.

Returning the sword to its sheath, she turned away from them, walked out of the room and headed up the stairs to find her lover, who had been waiting there patiently for her as the drama had played out in the basement below.

As the girl pulled the mask off, her reddish brown hair fell into her face.

The woman took the girl into her arms and brushed her hair aside, planting a warm kiss on the nape of her neck.

Then, in her soft, accented voice, she asked, ”Did you get what you needed, sweetie?”

The girl looked up into her eyes and said, “Yes, it’s all over now. I’m satisfied.”

And she meant it.

The katana in her left hand and her lover's hand grasped firmly in her right, the girl walked out of the abandoned hospital.

She walked out of the darkness and into the light of a new day, the sky brilliant and blue above her.

She was truly free at last.

(The End.)

Please comment, i'd love to know what you think now.

Thanks for taking the time to read this, and for staying with me on this journey.

I know it hasn't been easy, but it hope it has been worth it in the end !

*004*2013-03-31 11:58

Thanks for the comments, people !

I appreciate you taking the time to read this and to share your thoughts with me.

Wettingman, i think you've captured the essential point that the story revolves around:

In the end, it is about the girl's process of personal growth, and her ability to heal herself without doing permanent physical damage to the three of them, which would have had a negative impact on her in the long run.

I love writing so much, but i have a problem with rejection...

I will probably never be able to submit a story to an editor or publisher.

But who knows, maybe my personal growth will also extend in that direction... someday.

*010*2013-04-06 05:13

Thanks, Tyler !

It is what it had to be; i'm glad you liked it anyway.

Now that i've gotten that out of my system (so to speak),

I'll be back to the more usual omo stuff, i hope !

*013*2013-04-09 03:34

Once again, sincere thanks to all of you who took the time to read the 2nd part of this dark tale, and especially those who commented; i am eternally grateful for all your kind words!

