Sakura's Wet Rollar Coaster

Author: Eeveeluver00

*000*2012-03-15 01:46

"This is gonna be great!" Sakura said to her best friend, Tarah.

"Yeah!" shouted Saka, the boy she had always had a secret crush on, as he poked his head over the school bus' dark green leathery seats.

"This'll only be the coolest, most off-topic field trip ever!" Sakura boasted.

"Definetly!" agreed Annie from across the aisle.

"I know!" said Maddi.

"Yea!" Shelby yelled.

"I can't wait!" Doria said, smiling.

"Count me in!" that was Kenna.

That group of girls was always together, especially now, when they would be having the time of their lives. They had all won the essay contest at school, and were surprised that 6th graders could win. Annie and Maddi had written a report on pollution, while Doria and Kenna wrote about the endangered silverbacks. Tarah's report, which she had done with Shellby, was about saving water and electricity. Sakura had gone solo and won first place with her report on animal abuse, scoring her lots of points when she talked about why puppymills are NOT good places to get pets from.

The Principal, 5th and 6th grade Vice Principal, and the busdriver all stood when the bus was parked. They went over the rules, blah, blah, blah, yadda yadda yadda…

Finally the girls-and Saka, who won 2nd with his Ruined Atmosphere Speach- raced out of the bus and raced out into Kathy's Amusment Park.

TO BE CONTINUED

*003*2012-03-16 11:09

Sakura, being the excitable tomboy of the group, hopped off the bus, skipping the stairs altogether and landing on one knee. She stood, not even pausing to brush the dirt off her black sweatpants as she raced off.

"Hurry up, guys!"

She paused as she reached a small hill. She climbed up on the top and turned to face her friends.

"TARAAAH!" she hollered.

"coming…!" came a quiet reply.

Shame, all that excitement, and then the friends found themselves waiting in bag-checks and ticket lines, more security, entry fee lines, train tickets to the fun parts of the park, and finally a short line for snacks. Sakura completely drained her giant water bottle, the silver one with the very tree she was named for on it; a beautiful black tree with bright pink cherry blossoms.

"Lines, lines, uhg, I am S-O-O-O-O bored!" she moaned.

Tarah too had a short attention span, and the two girls flopped down impatiently near a tree by the entrance. Tarah sat down, and Sakura leaned on the tree.

"Hey Tarah, bet you I can climb higher in the tree than you."

Tarah stared at her with a dull expression in her eyes.

"You know I'm gonna win."

Sakura grinned.

"You're on!"

The girls climbed the tree for a while. Tara stopped on a relatively low branch, only about six feet off the ground, while Sakura climbed almost twice that high.

"Wow!" she breathed.

"I can see the whole park from here!"

Sakura rolled her eyes as Tarah pretended to be asleep.

"Girls!" it was Mrs.Evergreen, the principal.

Sakura launched herself out of the tree.

"Coming!" she and Tarah shouted, racing off to where their friends and teachers were waiting.

The principal held up a fistful of tickets, and everyone grabbed the one with their name.

"Alright, girls, and, urm, boy, where to?"

The group exchanged glances, then shouted joyfully,

"FERRIS WHEEL!"

