$10 per 1k word fics open (prices negotiable)(INFO IN POST!)

Author: abxy

*000*2023-02-27 19:49

Hi all!!! you may have seen my fics, Nancy's Train Ride Home and Claire the Nurse on this site before!

I am officially making another fic comms post. i work part time, 25 hours a week and only make 9.75 an hour, as i am autistic + diagnosed with a schizospectrum disorder and i cant work normal hours for my own health reasons. i am supposed to be making at least $10 an hour, but since i said i was autistic during my interview, they literally give me less than im supposed to be earning. i would get a different job, but this is the only tolerable job ive actually loved.

I am opening 5 fanfiction commission slots! $10 per 1k words, $1 per 100. if thats outside your budget we can definitey negotiate !! i will write up to 30k words (so $300)

I do any gender, any sexuality, and any omorashi/watersports situation! i will also write sex/NSFW, human(oid) or 2 legged furry, and 3+ people! i DO NOT DO: minors, aged up minors, pokemon and 4 legged animals, and incest/pedophilic pairings. DO NOT ask if i will make an exception or anything i am very strict on this and might just straight up block you if you ask. i also refuse to do diaper fetish and scat/farts Sorry

I have an ao3 where i have published more of my omo/watersports/general fics at, its sonyvegaspro7 , heres a Direct Link https://archiveofourown.org/users/sonyvegaspro7

!!

I take Venmo, cashapp, and paypal! i accept 50% or 100% payment upfront! turnaround time might be a minute, but i do try to prioritize Expensive comms ^_^ however please note i do have adhd also... i did take 4 months on a 10k word fic but i DID finish it. just note this! thank ya!

I would prefer DMs on discord as im on discord literally 24/7. my username and tag is: playstation 3#1222

I tend to change my discord username up a Lot so if it doesnt work and i didnt update this post to be my new name PLS just pm me Lol. but i am on discord more than this site so thats ur best method of contact other than PMing me here. you can also comment on this thread and i can PM you from there!

Like i said Prices are def negotiable but i will not go below $5 for 1k words. thank you so much if youre interested!!

SLOTS STATUS: 0/5 ARE TAKEN

*001*2023-02-27 21:21

1/5 SLOTS TAKEN!! 4 SLOTS R OPEN<3

