Kelly's Desperate Shopping Trip

Author: Axis

*000*2013-07-02 23:38

"But Mom..."

"No buts! You should have gone when we left." Kelly was out shopping with her mother and little sister, Kendra. On this particular day, Kelly had forgotten to pee before they left, leaving her quite desperate as she shuffled behind her mother, occasionally pressing a hand against her skirt to ease the pain her bladder was giving her. Kendra was riding in the cart, sipping on a juice box. The concept of drinking just made Kelly squirm, stopping as her mother turned around to see what she was up to. Poor Kelly had to keep still, her tired sphincter being the only thing between her pee and sweet freedom.

"I'm going to go pick out something for dinner. Kelly, watch your sister." said her mother.

"Ok, but can we PLEASE..."

"And I don't want to hear another word about the toilet! Unless you want me to buy diapers while we're here, you are going to sit still and hold it like a big girl. Understand?" her mother scolded.

"But..." Kelly protested.

"Do you understand!?" Her mother was getting red in the face with anger.

"Yes, mom!" she squeaked. Her fear caused her to dribble into her pink cotton panties. She clenched her legs together and tensed up, stopping any more pee from coming out. Kelly hopped from one foot to the other as she waited for her mother. Time almost seemed to slow down as she watched her pick out some things to cook that night. She could feel all of her bladder's contents right at the edge of her body, crashing against her sphincter like waves against rocks. Her mother grabbed the cart and continued walking when Kelly froze up as another few droplets leaked into her panties.

"Mom, please! I'm gonna have an accident!" Kelly squealed hopping up and down, hands pressed against her skirt.

"Fine. But you had better be quick." She brought the cart over beside the restrooms. Kendra looked over at her sister, watching her bounce and bobble with desperation, and smiled devilishly.

"Mommy! Mommy!" she said, raising her hand as if in school.

"Yes, dear?"

"I hafta go pee-pee too!" Kendra squirmed in her seat and put her hands under her skirt, imitating her sister.

"Ok, sweetie. You can go first." Her mother picked her up out of the cart, bringing her into the bathroom, Kelly following close behind. She protested, saying she should get to go first, but her mother wanted to punish her for not going before they left. There was only one stall, so they all piled in. Kelly's mother sat Kendra on the toilet and waited. After a few seconds, there was a loud gushing between the little girl's legs, as she smiled happily.

"I'm going potty, Momma!" she laughed. Her mother just smiled as her daughter peed. Kelly was now doing whatever it took to hold it, keeping her hands firmly inside her dampened panties. When her sister had started going, that was the last straw. Kelly closed her eyes and winced as the floodgates slowly opened, and a torrent of hot pee fell from her tired bladder. She couldn't help but enjoy the huge feeling of release as it fell through her panties and splattered her shoes, spreading out in a yellow puddle beneath her feet. Her mother looked over at her and gasped before immediately scolding her harshly. Then, she grabbed Kelly and put her over her knee, spanking her as the last drops of pee fell from beneath her skirt. After about ten minutes of yelling and discipline, her mother walked the cart over to the register, grabbing some diapers along the way.

*004*2013-07-04 12:40

Wow, thank you all for your support^^ I know it tugs at the heart strings a bit but its meant to.

