A Valentine's Day Short Story

Author: RosaE836

*000*2016-02-14 23:31

A Totally Platonic Holding of Hands... in Friendship

Warning: For those who may dislike it (although it's a slight spoiler, but only barely), there's a light amount of yuri in this. Since it's a Valentine’s Day story, I thought it was best to make that rather clear from the get-go.

Oh, and thanks, frostyjr2, for taking the time to edit this story!

~~~~~~~<3

Sarah shifted in place uncertainly. It wasn't the waiting that was bugging her, it was the fact that she had drank a lot of tea before going out that was bugging her. Here she was, waiting at the bus stop for not only the bus, but also for her friend Alyson to show up. As she waited impatiently, Sarah recalled the conversation that had gotten her into this situation.

"Want to go shopping with me tomorrow? I need to buy something," Alyson had asked her.

"B-but tomorrow's Valentine's Day; if we were to be walking around together..."

Alyson giggled at the time. "You think too much about these things; it's not like people will think we are going steady or anything, right?"

Sarah shook her head at the memory of the last comment, her cheeks burning.

"Why did I hesitate to answer that question?! I should have easily laughed it off, or said 'that's not what I meant'!" Sarah sighed. "Well, at least we're still going shopping, I need to pick up a few things." Sarah rubbed her legs subconsciously, feeling her need slowly grow.

The weather was unusually warm, especially for the thick cloud cover above, so Sarah was wearing a short red skirt, along with a dark red long-sleeved shirt. Sarah had chosen to wear black knee socks today, along with red shoes. Sarah's constantly moving legs just barely flashed her pink panties, and noticing someone walk by, Sarah had to stop her legs twitching and push her skirt down to block them from view.

Sarah's closed umbrella was pink, which seemed to piece the whole outfit together, and it truly was in theme with the holiday. What really annoyed Sarah, however, was that she hadn't planned it out at all, and she thought that it would give people the wrong idea about Alyson and her.

"Sorry I'm late!" Sarah heard to her left, and she turned to see Alyson running, her purse trailing behind her. Alyson was wearing a blue short-sleeved shirt, along with grey shorts. Her blue tennis shoes helped her skid to a stop a few inches from Sarah. Alyson sat beside Sarah, apologizing again before she even hit the bench. "I'm sorry for making you wait on me, but I was waiting on something myself."

"What were you waiting on?"

Alyson paused, then said, "You'll find out later... so how long have you been waiting here?"

Sarah looked at her phone before looking back. "About twenty minutes."

Alyson was instantly apologizing again, and Sarah tried her best to make it seem like it was nothing, although her bladder was saying that it could have been emptied many times over in the time she’d been waiting for her friend.

Sarah had been contemplating a quick visit to the coffee shop across the street in order to use the rest room, but she hadn’t wanted to keep her friend waiting if Alyson showed up while she was inside.

Now, just as her mouth opened to excuse herself, she caught a glimpse of the bus as it was rounding the corner.

"Well, I'll just go at the mall, it's not too bad yet anyways."

Sarah saw a hand come into view, and following up the arm with her eyes, she realized Alyson was offering to help her up.

Once again, Sarah was paranoid, her eyes darting left and right.

There wasn't anyone else at the bus stop, but she was still hesitant to accept the hand that was being offered to her. Slowly, she raised her right hand, allowing herself to be pulled out of her seat.

Alyson was a little reluctant to let go of Sarah’s hand, but she realized Sarah probably wasn't used to this kind of attention. "So, Sarah," Alyson had asked once they were on the bus. "Where should we go first?"

Putting a hand to her chin, Sarah waited a minute before replying. "Well, I need a new jacket, one that’s lighter for the spring and summer weather. If we can stop by a clothing store first, then we wouldn't have any obligations."

Alyson smiled in return, which brought a shiver down Sarah's spine.

It wasn't an unnatural smile, far from it. The smile itself just seemed a little too nice, especially with how Alyson had been acting recently.

Ever since Sarah had revealed her biggest secret to Alyson, her best friend had seemed a lot more... distant.

In fact, this was the first time in a while that Alyson had agreed to do anything together.

Sarah sighed, realizing she probably was being a little too hard on Alyson. Alyson was probably just trying to get used to the idea, and Sarah's defensive attitude was what was getting in the way.

Taking a deep breath, her hand moved to her side, the fingers interlocking with those of Alyson, and for a moment Alyson actually pulled her hand away. After the small moment of surprise, her hand moved back, gingerly holding Sarah's in her own.

Sarah could feel the blush creeping onto her cheeks, but they were just friends, and holding hands wasn't abnormal for "just friends", right?

"Of course it's okay," she told herself, "we're both girls, so we're just friends trying to cheer each other up."

Sarah suddenly felt a small pang from her bladder, and she crossed her legs, trying her best to not make her need obvious. She might have to take a small detour after getting her new jacket.

The bus came to a stop a couple minutes later, and Alyson was out of her seat like a shot, her eagerness to get on with the day translating to Sarah, although Sarah couldn't match Alyson in enthusiasm.

Still, Sarah followed Alyson, their hands still locked together in what Sarah thought of as "a totally platonic holding of hands... in friendship."

Walking into the mall, Sarah was already looking for a clothing store near by. She had only been there a few times, so she wasn't certain of the layout just yet. Her eyes stopped on a nearby store; it didn't have much on display, but she doubted a simple rain-repelling jacket would be showcased at the front, especially with the budget she was working with. She opened her pitifully small wallet, frowning as she only saw ten dollars in it. She wanted to get something a little more fancy, but her funds were somewhat lacking.

Soon, the browsing began, and already she could tell there was something wrong besides her bladder, which was still nagging her to empty it.

Alyson hadn't left to go look around, instead sticking to Sarah like glue.

A hint of peevish frustration was starting to creep over Sarah. She was hoping to at least get a little bit of privacy so she could hold herself for a few seconds, but now that Alyson was trailing a foot behind, that wasn't going to happen.

"Oh, what about this one?"

Sarah turned to face the sound of Alyson’s voice, and a dark red jacket that seemed to go well with what she currently had on was in the other girl's hands. Sarah's eyes, however, were on the price tag.

"Twenty bucks? I only have half of that-"

"I'll pay the other half; you need one, don't you?"

"Y-yeah, but..." Sarah couldn't let Alyson pay so much for her, she didn't want her friend footing even part of the bill. But she really did need the jacket… "OK, but I'll repay you later then."

"No need, I have plenty of money to spend anyways."

Sarah frowned, shifting place half in uncertainty and half from her need to pee.

"...Fine, but I'm still paying for my half, alright?"

Alyson nodded cheerfully in reply, the matter now settled.

With nothing else to buy and Alyson obviously not looking for anything for herself, Sarah tried on the jacket briefly before taking it off, going over to the cashier to pay.

As money changed hands, Sarah was marveling at the design of it. It was a well-made jacket, with the ability to use either the zipper or buttons to keep it closed, and it even had a hood that she could take off with another zipper.

In addition to all that, it had plenty of pockets and even seemed to be water-resistant. She couldn't help slipping it on again.

Through the glass panes of the mall atrium above them, they could see the sky was growing darker and more ominous with impending rain and Sarah handed her umbrella to Alyson, seeing as her friend didn't have anything to protect herself from the weather.

"Now time to visit the restr-"

"Um, can I... uhm... talk to you for a moment?"

Sarah looked on in confusion. Alyson was so happy just a moment earlier, but now she looked... depressed?

A second or two longer and Sarah realized that it wasn't depression she saw on her friend’s face; it was anxiety.

"Sure... shall we sit on a bench? I saw some just outside this store."

"R-right, let's do that." Alyson's face was rather red, as if she were embarrassed about what she was about to say. Sarah paid no mind, instead slowly sitting down with Alyson. She tried to hold Alyson's hand to comfort her, but Alyson pulled it away. She held her hand in front of her chest now as she closed her eyes, inhaled slowly, then exhaled deeply. Her eyes slowly opened, and some of her blush was gone, but thestammer remained in her voice as she spoke.

"I-I... uh..." Alyson gulped audibly, licking her lips as they went dry.

"Alyson, is everything okay? We're friends, so I don't feel like we need to be keeping things from each other."

"B-but... it's..."

"You wanted to tell me, so if you got this far already, there's no reason to hesitate now."

Alyson nodded, taking another deep breath before bringing her purse forward. "W-well, I was late earlier because..." She pulled out a box that only just managed to fit in her purse. The box was about eight inches wide and ten inches long, and Sarah could already tell what was coming next. She could almost hear the words play in an echo as Alyson opened it up, revealing a large, homemade, chocolate heart.

"W-will you be my Valentine?"

"What is this, some kind of joke?" Sarah asked curtly.

"N... no... I..."

Sarah stood up suddenly, ignoring the warning signals from her bladder.

"We're just friends, remember? You're the one who said so... "

"W-well I-"

"Are you trying to make fun of me? Are any of our other friends in on this?"

Tears were welling up in Alyson's eyes, and now Sarah couldn't help feeling bad as she heard Alyson's reply. "F-forget it.... I knew you'd do this anyway..."

"W-wait..." Sarah lifted a hand, but it was batted away by Alyson.

"I spent two days working on this, and all I get is hateful words!"

"Well, you're the one that is trying to make fun of me for being a lesbian!"

The two momentarily stopped their conversation, falling into an awkward silence before Alyson spoke once again.

"T-then, you're saying you don't want to be… a thing?"

"N-no, I... I never said..."

Sarah’s face was burning. She had thought it all was a joke, but now that she had just made Alyson cry for no reason, Sarah she realized it was it was her that had acted like a complete jerk.

Suddenly, Sarah could feel a warm, wet, feeling starting in her panties, and her hands shot forward, pushing her skirt down between her legs.

To top everything off, she had been so wrapped up in her emotions that she had forgotten to take care of her bladder. Now, when she felt the most anxious, her bladder weakened in response.

Before she could do more than utter the words, “Oh, no…”, she was voiding uncontrollably, and a puddle formed rapidly between her feet as her friend looked on in shock.

Mortified, Sarah pulled the hood of her new jacket over her head, running from the mall, heading straight for the bus stop. She didn't even pay attention to Alyson's calls as she ran outside, feeling the rain instantly start pelting her body. In the short time they had been sitting inside, a downpour had started, and now it was in full swing.

Sarah ran to the covered bus shelter and sat down, tears running down her face now. As she sat there crying, she noticed that the rain seemed to blow in at times, and the wind chill combined with the cold rain on her legs was making her shiver and shake. She somehow had known she'd end up regretting her choice to wear a short skirt, but now that thought was only one of many that were running through her head. The prevailing thought was "How could I be so stupid?" She just repeated that in her head over and over.

"Sarah..." Alyson said softly.

She was standing right in front of Sarah now, and Sarah pulled her hood even more over her head, wishing the ground would swallow her up.

"Please, just go away, Alyson. First I acted like a total jerk, and then I peed myself like a little girl," Sarah sobbed.

“Why would you even want to be friends with me now?"

Alyson wrapped an arm around Sarah.

"Stop saying that; we're still going to be friends."

Sarah sniffled, hugging Alyson, remaining silent.

They hugged each other for a few moments, and then Alyson spoke up once more.

"You know, I was so scared thinking about asking you to be my Valentine, I thought I was going to pee myself; I guess I should have expected that you'd probably react the same way."

"Hmph, it's still embarrassing..."

Alyson ran her fingers through the other girl's hair.

"Oh, I didn't say it wasn't, I was just trying to comfort you."

Sarah continued hugging her friend tightly, but her head tilted so she could look at Alyson. "You know what would make me happy?"

"What?"

"If.... well..." She wiped her eyes, sitting up. "F-first, promise me you'll share that chocolate heart with me?"

Alyson giggled happily. "Of course, and it's filled with liquid marshmallow, so it's even better than just plain chocolate."

Sarah couldn't keep a grin from her face as she spoke once more. "Then... If I agree to be your Valentine, will you agree to something for me?"

"Well, I'll have to hear it first, silly."

Sarah was the one to giggle this time, but her face grew a bit more serious as her hands slid down to Alyson's hands, holding them tightly. "...Will you be my girlfriend?"

Alyson's expression didn't change, and Sarah almost repeated herself, thinking Alyson didn't hear, but then Alyson let go of Sarah's hands.

Alyson's two hands quickly moved towards Sarah's blushing cheeks, and they steadied Sarah's head as the two girls enjoyed a long, long kiss.

Despite the cold and the rain which continued to fall, the warmth of their kiss kept them from feeling the chill, and the only thing that managed to interrupt them was the bus finally arriving to pick up the two lovebirds and take them back home.

*002*2016-02-14 23:43

{{: 

Nice story Justice.

}}

Thanks, I'm glad you liked it! ^^

*004*2016-02-15 00:11

{{: 

It was nice, I guess and all.

}}

"I guess and all"? Is there something that needs improving?

*007*2016-02-15 01:36

{{: 

Great job, Justice ^^ You had me at "yuri" hehe Nice to see you writing again. Haven't seen much from you in a while.

I'm feeling some…passive aggressive tension here...

}}

I actually wrote this last year and had frostyjr2 edit it, I've been writing a lot of stories but not really have enough to share, so, being decent at writing a short story and finishing a single part work, I decided to have this written and on standby while I worked on everything at random intervals. Kinda didn't want to fall back on it, but, heheh, I guess I spread my workload too thin at times.

Maybe? I really don't know, I just don't think he's a fan of Valentine's Day.

*009*2016-02-15 02:02

{{: 

What a excellent story that was justice it wad very good for this Valentine's Day

}}

Thank you! I'm happy you enjoyed it!

*012*2016-02-15 02:52

{{: 

That was neat o.o Short, cute, and effective.

}}

Heheh, thanks.

I'm glad so many people have been enjoying it, especially since I went off the radar for so long.

*014*2016-02-15 04:52

Probably should have waited a bit before replying, now I've replied to almost every comment before the next.

{{: 

Effective. I think blooper hit the nail on the head there. Nicely done.

}}

I'm glad you think it was effective! I really didn't think my first real attempt at a partial love story would even be passable, so I'm glad it was this well recieved!

Heheh, now to stop basking in glory, I promise not to go insane with the replies again. I ate a lot of sweets today and had a pleasing conversation from my special someone, so I'm a little less than formal with my replies, heheh~

*016*2016-02-15 19:05

{{: 

Awwww. It's adorable.

}}

I'm glad you think soooo!

*018*2016-02-16 19:32

{{: 

If you go on further with this next time can we see a little more detail on Sarah's wetting in the end or Alyson wetting herself?

}}

Probably not gonna continue this one, but I'll keep that in mind for my other stories.

