Daniel and Amy - Page 45

Author: Barry

*1102*2019-09-04 04:21

{{24 minutes ago, mikey mike said:

Have to agree that once things have settled down (and that looks like It's beginning to happen already now that Maria has stood up to Nikki) that Maria and Aiden are going to form an exciting new partnership in the story. To me the question is will Maria and Aiden "run with the pack" or will they prefer to spend time on their own together? My impression is that is that because Maria is so strong willed that on the whole it'll be the latter.

Interesting to see how you play this out Barry!

}}

Thanks everyone for the kind words.

Like @Piddly often says, it doesn’t really matter too much what we think is going to happen. Sometimes the characters have their own agendas!

I do have a few specific ideas in mind, but maybe the kids will think completely differently to what I think. To be honest, I wasn’t really expecting their little tiff to be brushed off so easily. I thought that the Maria-Nikki feud would continue for a bit.

Who knows? Maybe it will!

But there is a couple of more pressing conversations to be had first. I’m especially looking forward to Nikki having a good talk with young Scotty.....

*1103*2019-09-05 23:54

Chapter 13

Secrets, Part One, Nikki And Scott.

Thursday Afternoon

Scott dropped back behind the others to walk alongside Nikki.

“What’s up with you today, Babe? You seem kinda upset about something?”

Nikki flared up a little bit, but not as badly as she had done before.

“Bloody hell Scott. First you ignore me, abandon me altogether, then you just start perving at Maria like a dog on heat. Don’t think I didn’t see you.”

“That’s not fair Nik,” Scott replied, his own temper rising a notch. “I told you already I was sorry ‘bout running off before. We just got excited to look at the vans, that’s all. And I wasn’t perving on Maria.”

“Huh. You guys all were! You shoulda seen yourselves! You, Dan and Matt, your tongues were almost hanging out!”

Nikki stuck her tongue out, and did an impression of a thirsty dog, panting in an exaggerated manner. She wasn’t trying to be funny, but something about the way she did it definitely was, and before she had finished, they were both laughing.

The ice was broken, and Scott kissed her on the cheek. “I’m sorry Babe. I guess we did stare a bit. You gotta admit, she is kinda pretty, ‘specially for a twelvie, and I guess I never expected Aids to turn up with a girl. Definitely not a pretty one!”

He felt Nikki kind of stiffen a bit, and he hastily went on, before she could comment.

“Look Nik. Honestly? Yes. She’s kinda pretty. For a little kid. But you’re pretty too. Just as pretty as what she is, and there’s one big difference between you. Wanna know what it is?”

Nikki sighed. “Yeah, I suppose. Tell me.”

He stopped, dropped his bags, and grabbed both of her hands, making her drop what she was carrying. He looked directly into her eyes, and spoke softly, albeit a bit nervously.

“You’re my girlfriend Nikki, and I love you....”

Nikki gasped, as she felt a tiny dribble of pee leak out, wetting her panties. She had kind of needed to go since they’d arrived, and she was secretly looking forward to wetting her panties behind the van later, but her boyfriends sudden, unexpected declaration of love had literally shocked the pee out of her! It wasn’t much, but she did feel a tiny trickle on her inner thigh, and she hastily rubbed her legs together.

They had been officially “dating” for about a month, and so far, everything had been nice and innocent. They had kissed before, although not with a huge amount of passion, and they still hadn’t gone physically past the little things, like holding hands, or occasionally touching each other on the butt. They certainly hadn’t progressed as far into a physical relationship as what their friends had.

This was the first time that the “L-Word” had been used with each other, and although Nikki felt that way about Scotty, she hadn’t been sure that his feelings had run as deeply as hers did. Hearing him actually say the words had been a dream come true, but had physically shocked her, causing her slightly small, but almost full bladder to suddenly contract, making the brand new panties that her mum had bought her for the trip, quite wet.

Nikki had been given a pack of seven panties, each named for a day of the week, all in vibrant solid colours, with contrasting bright waist and leg bands. Today’s, Thursday’s, were bright orange, with lime green trim, and the word “Thursday” written in lime green across the bum. Subconsciously, she wondered what they looked like now....

A few seconds passed, and Scott shuffled his feet nervously, but didn’t let go of her hands. In a slightly shaky voice, he asked, “Well, aren’t you gonna say something?”

“I just peed my pants,” Nikki blurted out.

Scott looked completely dumbfounded. “Whaaaat?”

Nikki giggled. “Oh Scotty! I love you too! So much! But I think I just peed my pants a little bit,”

Scott spluttered with laughter, and Nikki joined in, crossing her legs tightly as she did so.

“Stop! Don’t make me laugh,” she cried.

“Are you serious?”

“I am. About both. I love you sooo much Scott, but I think I kinda wet myself a bit when you said it. I guess I’ve been hoping for a long time for you to say that.”

He leaned in, and kissed her, and this kiss was deeper and longer than any kiss that they’d shared before.

“Uh, do you need to go to the toilet or something? “He asked, blushing a bit.

Nikki laughed. “No babe. It’s a bit late now I guess. It was only just a little bit anyway. I think you shocked me a bit.”

“Sooooo, we agree? We love each other?”

She kissed him again. “I think we do.”

He sighed with relief. He’d wanted to tell her that for quite awhile, but the opportunity had never come up, until now.

Nikki herself had something else that she had wanted to bring up for awhile, but hadn’t had the chance too, but now, the timing was perfect.

She lowered her eyes, and tried to make herself sound more worried than what she was. She really wanted Scott to tell her about his bed wetting issues, and if she played her cards right here, she could gently guide him towards it.

“Scotty, sweetie, I’ve got something else that I really need to tell you, but I’m kinda scared...”

He smiled gently at her, a bit confused. “What’re you scared about Nik? You know you can tell me anything. I love you, remember?”

Nikki’s heart was racing, but she had to downplay her excitement, and make herself sound like the worried victim. She hitched in a wavering breath.

“I, I can’t babe. If I tell you, you’re probably gonna like hate me or something. Well, maybe not hate me, but I think you’ll think I’m like a real weirdo or something. It’s something I really wanna tell you, but I just don’t think I can.”

Scott smiled, and dragged her in for a hug, kissing the tip of her nose.

“Nikster, you just told me you wet your pants! I think you can tell me anything after that, don’t you?”

Nikki gave a watery laugh, trying to make herself sound on the verge of breaking down.

“Funny you should say that,” she whispered, not making eye contact, but still holding his hands. “It’s kinda like related, I guess.”

Scott looked worried. He couldn’t grasp exactly what might be wrong, but it sounded serious. He gestured towards the camp kitchen area, which was close, and had nobody around.

“Come on Nik. You’re scaring me a bit now. I’m sure it can’t be that bad. Let’s go sit down, you can tell me all about it. I swear, whatever it is, it won’t change how I feel ‘bout you, okay?”

“I hope so,” she replied meekly, allowing him to lead her towards the big gazebo, where they sat down on a bench, still holding hands. She felt her wet panties pressing against her bottom, and wondered if her dress would end up with a wet spot, although she really didn’t care.

Steeling herself for the conversation that she’d played over and over in her mind dozens of times, just like the conversation she’d had with her mother about the pull ups, she took a deep breath, and began.

“Scotty, darling, I’ve been really looking forward to coming up here with you, like soooo much, but at the same time, it’s been kinda scaring me too. I’ve been so worried ‘bout you finding out stuff things that I guess I didn’t want you to know.”

Scott squeezed her hand. “Finding out what, princess? I’m sure it can’t be anything terrible. Come on, you can tell me.”

Okay, here goes nothing, she thought to herself.

“Scotty, when I was a little kid, I used to wet the bed. I know, I know, it’s prolly not a big deal. But, this is the hard bit, it still sometimes happens. It’s not like all the time or anything, just sometimes. It hadn’t happened for a long time, but I’ve peed the bed twice in the last week. I got so upset ‘bout it, and my mum even bought me some stupid pull ups to wear here, like for just in case, you know?” I didn’t wanna wear them of course, but I don’t wanna wet the bed either, ‘specially with you here. But I didn’t want you to see me wearing pull ups either.”

Scott was just staring at her, mouth slightly agape, like when he’d first set eyes on Maria earlier.

Got him, she thought, then quickly hurried on, before he could speak.

“I know you’ll prolly think I’m just a big baby now, but I can’t help it Scott. Sometimes, I just don’t wake up in time. The doctor says I’ve got a bit of a small bladder, kinda like Danny I guess, but not as bad of course. But if I’m really tired, I just don’t wake up in time. It’s soooo embarrassing. I sometimes have a little accidents too, like just then. If I need to go pot.., to the toilet, I can leak a bit, ‘specially if I laugh, or get a shock, like when you said you loved me. It’s one of the reasons me and Amy and Dan get on so well. They unnerstand what it’s like, and don’t judge me for it.”

She let go of his hand, and looked suitably downcast.

“I guess you prolly don’t like me very much anymore. I’m sorry Scott. I can’t blame you I guess. After all, nobody wants a girlfriend who wets her pants.”

Nikki was impressed with herself. She even managed to squeeze a tear out, that rolled dolefully down her cheek.

“Oh Nik,” Scott exclaimed with a big sigh. He grabbed her hand again, firmly, making sure she couldn’t pull away.

“Babe, you couldn’t be more wrong!”

He took his own deep breath, and prepared to unload his own dirty secrets, something that he himself had been just as worried about as what Nikki had been.

“Nik, Nikster, what you’ve just told me, only proves one thing. You’re the girl for me. I knew that already, but if there HAD been any doubt, which there wasn’t, it’d be gone now.”

He kissed her gently on the cheek.

“Nik, I’m so glad you told me. Now, I’ve got something I’ve gotta tell you. Do me a favour. Don’t say anything. Just let me tell ya before you say anything, okay?”

Nikki nodded, her excitement building, and for a brief moment, she thought she might wet herself again.

“Nik, I really need to tell you something about myself...”

For the next ten minutes, they held hands and talked. Scott started haltingly, but his confidence gradually grew the more he spoke. Nikki couldn’t help but speak occasionally, and the more that was said, the easier it got for both of them. They shared their stories, and even laughed about their problems, and by the time they had finished, they both actually felt a bit exhausted, but very relieved as well.

Their conversation was ended and sealed with a kiss, the deepest, and most passionate kiss that they’d shared to date. Scott even found his hand lightly brushing across Nikki’s breast, which made her shudder and moan, her damp panties feeling a different sort of moisture in them.

When they broke away, Scott cleared his throat.

“Did you really wet your pants Nik?”

She smiled, and grabbed his hand, guiding it up her legs, under her dress, and placed it directly onto the wet spot on her knickers.

“Uh-huh,” she said with a blush, as her boyfriends already excited dick grew stiffer and harder than what it had ever been before, and for a fourteen year old, that’s quite an achievement.

*1107*2019-09-08 02:14

Chapter 14

Secrets Part 2. Dan And Amy.

Thursday Afternoon

Amy saw Nikki and Scott break away, and wondered what it was all about. Nikki had said that she wanted to talk to him alone at some point, but it was pretty obvious that there was a little bit of tension between them as well. Nikki seemed unusually grumpy today, and perhaps they were just going to smooth things over. Whatever it was, Amy was just pleased to get a bit of time alone with Dan. Matt had stopped in his tracks and was doing something with his phone, so Amy quickly walked ahead, taking Dan with her.

“Wanna help me make my bed? You know how difficult it’s gonna be trying to fit the mattress protector and fitted sheets in that tiny bedroom thing? You come help me with mine, and I’ll help you with yours.”

“Deal!” Dan said happily, giving her a gentle bump with his shoulder as they walked. “When do think our mums are going come around to help?”

“Dunno. They look pretty busy with the men at the moment. Besides, I don’t think we really need their help anyway. The vans look pretty good to me. We did a good job!”

Dan agreed, glancing towards the big gazebo in the middle, where their friends were heading.

“What’re think those two are doing?”

Amy shrugged. “Don’t know, don’t care. Let’s just leave them alone for awhile. They’ll tell us later if it’s important.”

Dan paused at the door of the caravan. “Hang on Ames, I gotta take a piss first, be right back.”

Amy giggled. “Oh? Why not just use your diaper? I already did!”

Dan grinned at her. “What? Are you wet, babe? Maybe I can help you get changed?”

“Maybe,” she laughed. “Before the others come back. But seriously, why not use your diaper too?”

He shook his head. “Nah. Too many people around. I’ll just go behind the van.”

“Can I watch?” Amy asked mischievously.

Dan spluttered, and crossed his ankles, laughing at her request. He really did need to go quite badly by now.

“Whaaaat? Why?”

“Cos I want to. Can I?”

He shrugged. “Suit yourself, but I better go now. I’m gonna wet myself if I don’t.”

They looked around. Matt was still standing where they had left him, playing with his phone, Scott and Nik were just sitting down in the gazebo kitchen, and Aiden and Maria were heading to the playground. All of the adults were standing in a circle outside the toilets, where Dans father was filling the recently arrived workers in on what needed to be done.

Ducking around the back of the van, Dan was anxiously pulling his sweatpants down at the front before he’d even finished walking. He had to get them down a bit further, so he could get his big pull up down enough as well. Amy walked right up beside him as he started to pull at his padded pants.

“Geez! Babe, what’re you doing?”

She gave a slightly evil grin. “What? You just said I could watch, remember?”

“Yeah, but not from there! I thought you were gonna like stand behind me.”

“Where’s the fun in that,” she asked. “Remember when you did a wee at the rest stop? In the car park? I was watching you from the car. Now I wanna watch you from the front!”

He paused, right hand on his diaper, lifting his feet up uncomfortably, suddenly on the verge of losing control. Being so close to the freedom of expected release, his body had rocketed straight through the danger zone, and was now demanding instant relief.

He couldn’t hold on any longer, so further argument was out of the question, and he yanked his pull up down, freeing his boyhood with only a second to spare, before his bladder released a powerful stream.

He was so focused on the task at hand, that at first he didn’t see Amy sidling up to him, and he gave a slight jump when she spoke, now right beside him. He jumped even more, when she reached down, gently brushing his hands away, and delicately took his penis between the thumb and forefinger of her right hand, and started aiming it for him.

“Ames! What the f..”

“Shhhhh.” She admonished. “Let me do this. I’m really kinda jealous of you boys when it comes to this. You guys are soooo lucky! You can just piddle anywhere if there’s no one around. I wish I could do this too.”

Dan felt himself break into a light sweat, as his penis twitched in her soft grip, and she started moving it around, making him pee in big circles. It felt weird, but also nice, as she gently stroked him, and kept a close eye on where his stream was erupting from.

“Dan? Do you think I could ever learn to pee like this? I know girls are built different, but I’d like to try. When I do it in the shower, it just goes all down my legs. I reckon I just need to learn how to aim. You wanna teach me?”

That was said with a big grin, as his boyhood became instantly stiff in her hand, causing his now depleted stream to trickle out to nothing, and giving her the chance to add a few more fingers to her grip, and a few drops of his pee dripped onto her hand.

He cleared his throat, feeling extremely self conscious about standing around outside, while his girlfriend held his erection, but Damn! Did it feel good!

“I’d love to teach you babe. I dunno ‘zactly how it works for girls, but we can have fun trying! This is prolly the best place in the world to practice! First, you gotta give it a shake, get the drops off.”

Her hand was already wet with his pee, but she did as he instructed, gently shaking him dry, making him groan with pleasure as she did so, and she saw the goosebumps appearing on his hairless arms.

She shook him again, then started stroking him, feeling his willie starting to throb in her hand.

“Babe. Uh. You better stop that. You know what happens when you do that.”

Her stroking only got a bit quicker, and her grip a bit tighter, as she stood on her toes to whisper in his ear. “What if I don’t wanna stop, Catholic Boy?”

“Aaammmeessss,” he muttered, feeling the swiftly approaching climax sweeping over him.

She stepped in front of him, and pulled his diaper up with her left hand, and apart from quickly adjusting her grip, she kept up her stroking with the right.

“Relax, Catholic Boy. You’ve got your nappy on now. You’re not gonna make a mess,” and she kissed him.

As her tongue entered his mouth, he went tense, as his seed exploded all over her hand, and in his diaper. She didn’t stop at first, just kept kissing him, and milking him gently as he ejaculated. When he was spent, she put her sticky hand down the back of his diaper, and used the dry padding to wipe as much off as she could. Of course her hand was constantly stroking his bottom as she did so, but he didn’t complain.

“Come on Dan. Inside. My turn now. You can help me change before anyone comes back.”

He didn’t need to be asked twice, and her followed her back to the door, pausing only to collect her bags. Once inside, he found the wet wipes that she’d asked for, and blushed a bit as she used them to clean her hands properly.

“Ok Danny. I want you to turn around, and lock that door. Give me a second, and I’ll tell you when you can look.”

Not trusting himself to speak, he took a quick look around outside, making sure nobody was around. He could see Scott and Nik holding hands in the gazebo, the grownups still talking, and Matt was nowhere to be seen, so he shut and locked the door, and waited for Amy to tell him to turn around.

“Ready,” she said.

When he looked, his heart skipped a beat. Amy was standing there, dressed only in her black socks and swollen diaper, with her other clothes puddled on the floor. She had spread a towel on the bed.

“Wanna help me change, Catholic Boy?”

Even though he’d only just cum, he felt himself start to go stiff inside his now sticky diaper already. Not trusting himself to speak, he could only mutter a soft “Uh-Huh.”

Her long blonde hair, with its green and blue streaks, was draped down over her shoulders, and she brushed it back, giving him a completely unobstructed view of her breasts. The faint scarring was visible on her flat tummy, and her thick black socks were scrunched down around her ankles. Her nappy was slightly yellow looking, and sagging a bit between her legs, as she stood with her legs slightly akimbo, hands on her hips, with a naughty smile on her lips, her blue eyes shining with excitement.

“I better pee first,” she said.

Her thumb went into her mouth, but instead of gnawing at the nail, she put it all the way in, sucking on it seductively, as she looked him directly in the eye.

Dan heard a quiet hissing noise, and watched in awe as Amy’s diaper distended even more, now hanging heavily from her hips, and the colour of it became darker, as the blue strips completely disappeared.

She took her thumb from her mouth, and a little strip of saliva came away with it, as a single, small trickle of liquid ran down her left leg, getting absorbed into her sock. She looked down, then back up at him, eyes wide, and spoke in her “Little Amy” voice.

“Uh-Oh. Danny, I think I just wetted myself.”

Dan walked towards her, and placed a hand on her swollen crotch, giving it a gentle squeeze, pushing a tiny bit more of her pee out of it, which ran over his little finger, and down her leg again, following the wet trail that was already there almost perfectly.

He pushed her softly backwards onto the towel covered bed, and she lifted her feet up, putting them onto his crotch, and she could feel how hard he was again, even through his padding.

They didn’t speak at first. He grabbed her feet, massaging them through her fluffy black socks, and she moaned and squirmed in delight, pressing her feet firmly against his bulging sweatpants.

“Take them off for me Danny. I look ridiculous wearing them with my slides. I want to put a dress on anyway.”

Doing as instructed, he slowly pulled her socks off, then gave her pretty, brightly red painted toes a quick kiss. He really did like her feet.

She put her feet down, and spread her legs, letting him step inside, where he reached down, and tore the pull up at both sides, slowly peeling the front down, and exposing her maiden hood, with its little patch of blonde curls glistening with moisture in the sunlight which came through the window.

Amy lifted her bottom, and he pulled the heavy diaper out from under her, rolling it tightly, and dropping it on the floor. Dan grabbed the wipes, which Amy had had the foresight to leave on the bed beside her, and started wiping her, making sure he cleaned her all over, even wiping her bottom when she lifted it again.

As he wiped her, Amy’s breath became shorter and heavier, and occasionally, she would grind her thighs together, trapping his hand.

“Danny. Diaper cream. Quick,” she instructed, and he grabbed the tube which was beside the wipes.

Squirting a generous dollop onto his fingers, he placed them against her moist opening, and she shivered deliciously at the cold touch. He rubbed her through her pubic hair, and all over the clefts at the inner junction of her thighs, as she started to buck and moan.

“Hold. Towel,” she groaned, and he understood exactly what she meant. He’d bought her to orgasm before, and knew that she would leak when she came, even after emptying her bladder only minutes before.

He held the towel over her groin with his left hand, while he continued to rub her with his right. She reached for his hand, pressing it almost violently against herself, and moving it harder and faster, showing him how she wanted to be treated. Her legs went up, and she placed her pretty feet on his shoulders, as he felt a finger slip inside her.

This was new ground. They had always had a strict “No Penetration” rule, and he immediately started to pull his hand away, but she gripped his wrist.

“Do it Danny,” she hissed.

His head spinning, he slipped not one, but two fingers slightly inside her, the combination of the cream, and her own natural lubricant making the transition seamless. He didn’t go far, but apparently she liked it, arching her back, and moaning “Fuuuuuck” as the tingling started.

He felt warmth down there, on both hands, and he saw a small wet patch spreading across the red towel he was holding against her. Her thighs jammed tightly closed, and a small trickle of warmth hit the palm of his right hand, as Amy’s orgasm overwhelmed her.

The towel grew wetter, as did his hands, and the van rocked slightly as she threw herself around.

While she came, so did he, completely unassisted, and only minutes after she had helped him do it outside. It wasn’t much, but he felt himself orgasm inside his already sticky nappy, then he collapsed on the bed beside her, both of them completely spent.

*1114*2019-09-10 04:55

Chapter 15

Secrets, Part 3, Aiden and Maria

Thursday

“Race ya!” Maria suddenly yelled, and shot off like a rocket towards the playground. Aiden laughed, and took off behind her, but he had no hope of catching his friend.

“I win,” she yelled triumphantly, launching herself into a swing, beating him easily by a few meters.

“Not fair,” he complained. “You cheated!”

She looked at him, and saw how he was grinning. “Really? You wanna proper race, do ya?”

He shook his head quickly. He already knew how fast she was. “No way. I don’t want everyone seeing a girl beating me!”

She laughed with him, as he sat down on the other swing beside her.

“Hey! Guess what? I’ve got some news for you,” he said.

She kicked off, and started swinging. “Hmm. Lemme guess. You and your dad are going to stay in the house with us, and not in the caravans?”

Aiden was stunned. He’d been waiting all morning to tell her that!

“Whaaat? How did you know?”

She laughed at his expression. “Easy! I asked my papa last night if you could! I told him how much fun we were having. He said he’d think about it, but I knew he’d say yes. Mama always says I got him wrapped ‘round my little finger.”

“But when? When did you ask him?”

“When he came to tuck me in. He comes and says goodnight every night. If I want anything, that’s the most perfect time to ask! Papa hates saying no to me, ‘specially if mamas not around!”

They both started laughing, and Maria stopped kicking her legs, crossing her dirty ankles instead.

“Ohhh. Don’t make me laugh! I needa pee!”

Aiden laughed, and kicked off, joining her in the air. “Why not just go? I’ll wait here. You should go before you have an accident.”

Appearing to regain control, she started pumping her legs again. “Uh- uh. I’m holding on. We’re going to the beach soon, remember? I’m gonna wet myself when I get there. You are too, remember? You promised....”

He blushed. “I didn’t ‘promise’ promise. I said I’d think about it. Maybe.”

“You will,” she assured him. “We’ll both do it together. It’ll be fun. Trust me.”

“But what if everyone else comes down?” He argued. “We can’t just pee our pants in front of everyone?”

“Why?” Maria asked. “We’re gonna be wearing swimsuits, and going in the water. No one has to know. I just gotta try and hold on till we get there though. I’m really busting.”

Aiden suddenly remembered something, something that he thought Maria would find interesting. He dragged his feet in the sand to stop swinging.

“Maria, guess what? I hadda little accident today, while you were gone. I peed myself a bit.”

She dragged herself to a stop as well, and looked at him slyly.

“You did not! You’re still wearing the same shorts you were wearing when I left. No way did you pee in them!”

Aiden looked around, making sure they were alone, then he reached into his pocket, and pulled out his damp y-fronts, holding them open for her to look at.

“I did. See? I got excited when dad said we were staying with you, then he kinda tickled me. A bit came out, but not enough to get my shorts wet. Dad didn’t even know!”

Maria squealed with glee, her attention completely focused on Aidens wet briefs, the sight of which had her wriggling uncomfortably in her seat, a stark reminder of just how badly she needed to go.

“Wow! You really weren’t kidding yesterday, were ya? You really do pee your pants sometimes, just like me!”

For some reason that he didn’t understand, the question she asked, which should’ve made him feel incredibly embarrassed, actually didn’t, it made him feel kind of closer to her instead, which was nice.

“Told you,” he said, his voice almost bordering on pride. “Like I said, I don’t like fully wet myself, but sometimes, a little bit comes out.”

“You’re gonna fully wet yourself today,” she assured him. “We both are. I needa go so bad, I don’t even know if I’m gonna make it to the beach! We’ve gotta go put our swimsuits on soon, or it’ll be too late.”

Aiden looked a bit embarrassed. “Um, I’m not going to wear a swimsuit, I’ll stick to my shorts.”

Maria, who had put a hand in her lap, applying pressure, looked at him quizzically. “Suit yourself, but why? I usually always put my bathers on ‘stead of shorts. It’s a lot easier to get dry, and much more comfortable. At least I think it is.”

Aiden blushed, and stuffed his damp undies back into his pocket, giving him a necessary distraction from looking at her as he made a small confession. “Boys bathers are kinda, I dunno, really revealing, Maria. I feel real ‘barrased wearing them. I prolly haven’t, you know, like grown up enough to wear them. They make me look even more like a little kid than I already do.”

She gave him a friendly, but knowing smile, looking directly at him with her usual forthright stare.

“Like your cute pull ups?” She giggled, laughing as his blush deepened. “Come on. I’m only teasing you. Aiden.”

He returned the smile, and nodded shyly in reply.

She was silent for a moment, then lowered her voice when she spoke again.

“Is it because you haven’t started puberty yet? Is that the reason you feel bad?”

Aiden didn’t think it would have been possible to blush any deeper, but he managed it, issuing a deep sigh as he nodded again. Maria reached over, and patted him softly on the knee.

“I guess I kinda get it. Aiden. But you’re prolly worrying ‘bout it too much. It only happened for me not long ago. It’s not a big deal.”

“Maria, you’re like a whole year younger than me, remember? I’m a teenager. It should’ve started by now.”

“Pfft,” Maria huffed. “Don’t be stupid. I’m sure even the boys schools have the same sort of sex-ed stuff that the girls do! You know some people just take longer, that’s all.”

Aiden appreciated the support, but it wasn’t much of a boost for his fragile ego. “I know that. But I’m in my second year of high school! You’re still in junior school. Believe me, no matter what the teachers say, by Grade 8, it’s a lot more noticeable! I’m shorter, and you know, probably, um, ‘smaller,’ like down there, than almost every kid in school, even the Grade 7’s.”

Maria looked at him kindly. “I might only be a ‘friggin twelvie,’ but I do get it. Aiden. With us girls, it’s our boobs. If you start getting ‘em in Grade 4, it’s kinda embarrassing, but if you haven’t started getting ‘em by Grade 6, it’s even worse! Believe me, everybody notices! And you can’t really hide it. At least you don’t haveta take your pants off! Girls boobs are obvious all the time, ‘specially if they don’t have any. At least mine are starting to grow. I’m pretty much the same as most of the other girls, although there are some that are a lot bigger than me, of course.”

“I don’t know if it’s really the same thing,” Aiden countered. “Boys have things like hairy legs and stuff. That’s pretty obvious if you wear shorts!”

Maria snorted. “Now you’re really overthinking it! Look at your friends! None of them look really hairy. I mean Scott and Matt have shorts on, and their legs aren’t hairy! I mean they’re all bigger than you, but so what? I’m short too, it doesn’t bother me! Look at those girls with them. The nice blonde one looks really grown up, but the bitchy one isn’t any different from me, ‘cept taller. That don’t mean anything. I could easily kick her ass if I had to, and she’s older than I am.”

Their in depth conversation about the ins and outs of boys and girls development was suddenly interrupted by a yell.

“MARIA! You come a here, right now missy!” Rose was standing at the foot of the porch at The Lodge, beckoning to her daughter.

Maria sighed dramatically. “Don’t go anywhere. I’ll be right back. Aiden.” She jumped lithely off the swing, and ran towards her mother, while Aiden cast an appreciative eye over the way her body moved when she ran.

This was the best conversation that he’d ever had with another kid about the pitfalls of growing up, and he wished that it didn’t have to end. Maria might not agree with everything he said, but at least she was listening to him, and she seemed to at least understand what he was trying to say. He’d really wanted to talk to another kid about stuff like this for a long time, but when you’re the smallest one in your peer group, it just makes it impossible.

He watched us she came to a stop in front of her mama, and although he couldn’t hear their conversation, it looked like Rose was a bit upset with her daughter. He really hoped that she wasn’t going to get into any trouble.

As he watched, Rose was gesticulating at her daughter, pointing towards the house, and shaking what appeared to be a milk shake container at her. Maria didn’t seem at all upset though, and she just shrugged and smiled. Rose gave the girl a gentle shove towards the steps, and much to Aidens surprise, she reached under Maria’s dress, and patted her on the bottom! He heard Maria squeal, and she jumped up the steps, and hurried inside, as her mother shook her head and walked towards the toilet block, depositing the drink container into a bin that she passed on the way.

Less than two minutes passed, and Maria was leaping off the steps, and running back towards the playground, where she stood in front of him, shifting uncomfortably.

“What was that all about?” Aiden asked. “Did you get into trouble?”

“Nah, not reallllly,” she grinned. “Mama was a bit mad that I left my rubbish in her car, and I didn’t go to the toilet when we got back, like she asked me too. Did you see her? She even checked my pants! She thought I’d wet myself! I guess cause I was complaining about needing a wee on the drive back.”

Aiden coughed, suddenly feeling a bit uncomfortable. “Uh, are you wet?”

“Nope. Not yet. That’s why mama didn’t get too mad. She made me go to the toilet though.” She grinned at him. “But I didn’t! I just went inside and waited for her to leave. But I really do need to go though. I’m really busting.”

She crossed her ankles as she admitted this, and pushed a hand into her lap, bending forward.

“So why not just go?” Aiden asked. “You can still pee your pants at the beach. You look uncomfortable.”

Maria giggled. “It’s fun holding on. I like to see how long I can hold it for. But I can’t hold it much longer. Aiden. I think we should go put our swimsuits on.”

He shook his head. “Uh-uh. I’ll pee my shorts with you, but I’m not putting my Speedos on. No way.”

Maria shrugged. “Suit yourself,” she said. “Ugh. I gotta sit down.”

She sat on the other swing again, and put her right hand under her dress to hold herself.

“How long have you been doing this holding on thing for?” Aiden asked curiously.

She gave him a funny look. “Since this morning, when I wet my pull up, remember? What’s that, about five hours?”

Aiden laughed. “No dummy! Not today. I meant like how long have you been doing it for? When did you start?”

Maria giggled, and pushed her panties more firmly against her pee hole.

“Dunno really. I guess I’ve always done it at home a bit, but only when I’m wearing a pull up, so it didn’t matter if I wet a little bit. Especially playing video games! I hate pausing it if I don’t have to.”

Aiden nodded quickly. That was a pet hate of his as well, although he’d never once considered wearing diapers while gaming!

“I’d never hold on at school of course,” Maria continued. “No way would I risk having an accident there. Not really at home either, unless I’ve got my swimsuit on, or like I just said, my night nappy.”

Aiden was blown away by just how relaxed she was about discussing her pull ups. He hated even referring to them by their correct name, and he couldn’t ever imagine actually telling anyone that he wore a night nappy! But it really didn’t bother Maria at all.

“I guess when we started coming up here, after papa bought the place, I probably started doing it then. There was only the three of us up here, and without a tv, I spend nearly all day outside. If I’m exploring in the park, I’m not gonna come allllll the way back up to the house just to pee, so mama said to go in the bushes. But you seen what happens if I don’t wipe, I get a bit wet. Anyway, I had a coupla accidents, real ones, trying to hold on, or even accidentally getting my pants wet if I went into the bushes, and mama don’t seem to care much. After all, I’m just wearing grubby old clothes and playing by myself, usually. Believe me, I get like really super dirty sometimes, so I have a bath or a shower every night, or I go for a swim anyway.

Don’t get the wrong idea. Mama doesn’t actually like give me permission to pee my pants, but she doesn’t care too much, at least up here.”

Aiden was curious. “What about your dad? What’s he say?”

“Papa is kinda old fashioned. He doesn’t get involved in stuff like that. He’s seen me in wet pants before, but it’s like it’s mamas job to tell me off or help me get changed. He just ignores it.”

“Wow,” Aiden remarked, shaking his head. “That’s crazy. But you still haven’t told me about why you hold on, like right now? I mean if you can pee your pants, or pee outside without getting inta trouble, why not just do that? Why hold on and make yourself all uncomfortable?”

Maria contemplated this, but only briefly. She had already had this mental discussion with herself before, and knew the answer.

“I dunno if you’ll unnerstand this, Aiden. You’ll prolly think I’m crazy. But it’s kinda like a game? I’m pretty competitive. When there’s other kids around, I like beating them at stuff, like climbing trees, racing our bikes or whatever. But up here, I’m playing by myself all day, plus I’m outside. So it’s kinda like a competition with myself, I guess, just to see how long I can hold on for. Because it don’t matter too much if I get a bit wet, it’s like a fun game to play. Plus, it feels really good!”

“What’re you mean, ‘really good’?” He asked.

“Good good. Like in a coupla ways. It makes me feel kinda, I dunno? Tingly? Like a bit scared and excited? You know that feeling you get when you’re ‘bout to wet yourself, and you know you can’t stop it?”

Aiden blushed. It was a feeling that he’d had more often than what he cared to admit.

“Yeah. But that’s horrible! Why would ya wanna do that?”

Maria shifted on the swing, crossing one leg over the other, and hunching forward. Aiden could see she was starting to sweat a little bit.

“It’s only horrible if there’s others around, Aiden. Like no one wants to get embarrassed, I know. But if there’s nobody else to see you, and it doesn’t matter, it’s not horrible, it’s exciting! Come on, haven’t you ever deliberately held on before? Like put it off for way too long? You must have!”

“I guess, but not like on purpose, to wet myself,” he said. “I mean I’ve had accidents before, because I haven’t gone to the toilet when I shoulda, but I’ve always felt real bad about it afterwards. Embarrassed and stuff.”

“That’s the point!” Maria exclaimed loudly. “If you take the embarrassment part away, it’s fun! Like a challenge, with no, what’s the word? Conquences?”

“Consequences,” Aiden corrected her. “I guess. Maybe....”

Maria jumped up, suddenly excited by a brainwave.

“You know what? I gotta great idea! You and me, were gonna have a holding contest! One day, maybe tomorrow, we’ll have a wee in the morning, then drink heaps and heaps, and we won’t go to the toilet again, and then we’ll.....”

Her excited chatter suddenly stopped, and she hissed in a sharp breath, and looked down, pulling her dress up a bit.

Aiden followed her gaze, and saw a solid torrent of water pouring out from underneath her dress, and big streams of liquid cascading down her legs and over her feet, turning the sand in between them a dark yellow colour.

“Oops,” she said. “I just hadda accident.”

*1117*2019-09-10 08:37

{{23 minutes ago, jippy said:

Surprisingly restrained of Maria, I'd expected her to be an exherbitionist and pull up her dress to show Aiden her accident in real time. Maybe she's saving that for the beach away from prying eyes

}}

Hmm. I’ve got a feeling that she hasn’t finished yet....

*1119*2019-09-13 23:35

Hi everyone.

Just a quick update. I’m really keen to continue this, but after what happened to @Piddly

‘s story being taken down, I have a sinking feeling that this will be next.

The Homework story is a great, very innocent read, with nothing sexual or adult-content about it at all.

Not like this. My characters are also underage, and as we know, they are doing things that Piddly’s characters haven’t even dreamed of yet. So it stands to reason that it’ll probably be removed at some point.

As most of you know, I type all of this on my phone, so I have no back up copy at all. I really want to save it somehow before I lose it altogether. After all, it’s three years worth of work. I really want to back it up.

If anybody has this story saved, I’d be eternally grateful if it could be emailed to me in a file?

Rest assured, I’m dying to continue, but I also don’t want to drag anymore attention to it, especially if there are disgruntled members looking out for stories like this.

