Don't normally write this kind, started typing and this came out.

Author: Jodan

*000*2015-01-21 08:32

### Purely fiction ### very loosely based on experiences.

I woke up late on that particular day to the sound of my mom in the doorway yelling at me to get up. I had stayed up late the night prior to watch a movie and promised I'd not sleep in. You see how well that worked out. I dragged myself lazily out of bed and got myself dressed. I was never the kind of person to be obsessed with my clothes. I wore a pair of old blue jeans and a black shirt that day, pretty much my standard apparel. As I was gathering up my clothes from my dresser drawers, I noticed that I needed to pee particularly badly this morning. I squirmed a little, shifting my hips about, and even gave myself a quick squeeze as I got dressed. I had no plans of messing around, I was heading straight to the bathroom.

Well... I have an older sister, and like most older sisters, she liked to take forever in the bathroom in the mornings. Usually it didn't matter much to me, as I was done before she got up on most days. Today, her obsessive makeup application rituals were adding to my agony. I waited in the kitchen, doing my best not to visibly squirm.

The minutes went by, I was beginning to get that light, floaty feeling I get sometimes when I really have to pee badly. I assume that's the "floating" in "my teeth are floating." It was already passed our time to leave if we weren't going to be marked as tardy, and mom was getting impatient with my sister. She went and banged on the bathroom door and told her, "Come on, lets go! We're already late!"

The door flew open and out walked my sister, who had either miraculously just then managed to finish her ritual, or had been messing around in there for who knows how long. Before I could even go in, mom was on me to get moving to the car. I tried to get a word in edgewise, but it was no use. We were leaving. So I got in the car and we headed for school, where I figured I'd use the restroom when I arrived.

Of course, by the time we got there, classes had already started. I wasn't too worried about that at this point, I just wanted to pee... NOW. It felt as if my bladder was literally stretched, it sat heavily and I felt that if I didn't focus on keeping my muscles clenched....... I pushed the thought away as I got out of the car and headed toward the campus. I got about ten steps when mom called out. I had taken off without my back pack. I turned around and walked back to the car, grabbed my bag and started back again. On my way to the restrooms, I was stopped by one of the staff members ("Yard narks" as we called them) and asked why I wasn't in class. I told her I had just arrived and hadn't gone to class yet, but I was on my way. Well, this particular yard nark was going to do her duty, she would escort me to class. I told her I needed to use the restroom first, and she literally laughed!

"Nice try sweetie," She told me, "You just got here, you shoulda gone at home. Come on, lets go."

Not really knowing what to do, I went with her, but by now I was starting to get nervous. I honestly couldn't remember a time in which I had needed to go so badly, and this lady wasn't going to let me go. I knew the teacher wouldn't let me out once I was in her class, and that class didn't let out for almost another hour. My knees felt wobbly and I felt beads of sweat breaking out on my forehead as we walked. The pressure in my bladder was getting unbearable. I felt as if my pee was literally at the tip of my penis, on the verge of starting to leak with every step. What if I couldn't hold it? This was high school, if that happened now, I'd never ever live it down. I'd be known for the remaining year I had here as the guy who peed his pants in history class. I tried to push the thought away again, but it wouldn't entirely leave.

We reached my class, Ms. Marsh's first period World History. The yard nark explained as we entered that I was tardy and left. Ms. Marsh told me to sit down and went to her desk and began writing. I went to my desk, walking stiff, and sat down carefully. After a minute, Ms. Marsh came over and handed me a slip of paper. She said I had lunch detention for being late. I asked her (already knowing better) if I could please go to the bathroom really quick. She looked at me coldly for a second, and then answered with a definitive "no."

It was at this point that I realized that I was pretty much doomed. I was sitting in a class full of people, a class that was going to go on for nearly an hour before we got a break, and I was on the verge of peeing my pants. I hadn't peed my pants since I was 6. I couldn't accept it, so I clenched down and tried to hold it.

Five minutes went by, I was squirming in my seat now. I really didn't want to, because my seat made a sound when I shifted my weight in it, but I couldn't help it. I couldn't feel much down there at this point, just tremendous pressure and a tingling sensation. My pulse was racing now. I kept clenching, hoping against hope that I'd make it somehow. At the front of the class, the teacher went on about the pyramids, but I could barely even hear it. All I could think of was how badly I wanted to NOT pee my pants.

A few minutes later I was hit by a sudden "spasm," if you will. An urge surge. Being already at the edge, was a bad thing. I felt a sudden warmth where my boyhood was pressed against my underwear and jeans. I didn't feel the sensation of peeing really yet, just warmth. I looked down and saw a small little dark spot appear on the crotch of my jeans. I gasped and clenched down on my bladder muscles as hard as I could, squirming like mad in my seat to get control, which I barely did. Now my whole body quivered, I knew the seal was broken. I looked up and caught the girl next to me looking at me, she quickly turned her eyes away. I felt my cheeks burning red with embarrassment.

Another surge came and I felt the warmth renewed. I clenched down again as hard as I could, and for everything I felt, I could have sworn I had stopped it... yet the warmth kept slowly coming. I looked down as saw the wet spot was now bigger, maybe as big as my fist, and glistening. I was still clenching as had as I could, but it was no good. I tried to sort of reposition myself in my seat hoping I could get a hold on it (hopeless, I know), but the second I shifted, I lost the first big spurt of pee and the wet spot suddenly got bigger. I grabbed myself and squeezed in a last ditch effort.

Immediately another spurt escaped, I almost managed to clamp it off, but then it just started coming out full force. Pee surged through my clenched fingers, I watched in humiliation and horror as the crotch of my jeans went dark. I could hear the sound of my pee against my clothes. Now I finally could feel the sensation of peeing. I let go of my crotch and spread my legs a little, looking down at my lap as the dark pee stain rapidly spread on my lap. I was peeing so hard that the pee was boiling up through the fabric of my jeans before spreading out and pouring down. A puddle formed quickly in the plastic chair and began to spill over noisily onto the floor, down the backs of my calves and over my socks and shoes. I heard the girl who had been looking at me gasp in shock, but didn't dare look up. I just sat there still peeing full force, wishing I could disappear. Then it got even worse.

"Um... Ms. Marsh?" I heard her say, sounding awkwardly amused, "Adam's peeing his pants."

This brought an immediate wave of excitement in the room, all eyes were suddenly upon me, and I hadn't even stopped peeing yet! Finally the stream subsided. The world was swimming, this didn't even feel real anymore. I remember having the off thought in my haze that when I had gone to bed the night prior, I never in a million years would have thought about the possibility that I might actually wet myself at school the next day. It couldn't happen. This had to be a dream, only it wasn't. Slowly the reality of what had happened started to sink in. I finally lifted my head to see Ms. Marsh standing just outside the puddle I'd created, looking at me like all this was just an annoyance for her.

The other students, still in their desks, all were looking at me. It was obvious to anyone who looked exactly what had happened even if they had somehow missed the main showing. Ms. Marsh told me to go to the nurse's office and tell them what happened and what class I was in. To add to the humiliation factor, she asked for a volunteer to escort me. Finally she decided on a girl named Mindy, a quiet brunette girl. I was actually glad that, if someone had to come with me, it was her. I'd never known her to be mean, and she wasn't really popular or anything.

I got up to leave and the wetness of my ass sparked a round of laughter from the class. I picked up my bag and made my way out of the class, leaving wet shoe prints as I went. We left the class, me walking in front, Mindy following. Nothing was said at first. About halfway there, she asked, "You okay?"

I just looked at her for a moment. Finally I answered, "Not really."

As we walked she told me not to worry too much about it. It could happen to anyone. I didn't feel much better about it at the time, but at least she was being nice about it. Then she asked something that threw me.

"Can I ask.... what happened?" She asked.

I told her I didn't understand what she meant, it seemed it should be obvious what had happened.

"No," She said under a muffle laugh, "I know what happened. I mean, how did that happen? Why didn't you go before it got that bad?"

"I didn't get to go when I got up this morning, okay?" I said defensively, "And the yard nark wouldn't let me go and neither would Ms. Marsh. I couldn't help it, satisfied?"

She laughed kindly and gave me one pat on the shoulder, "It happens. I don't judge." She said.

We got to the nurses office and went in. The nurse, who embarrassingly happened to be friends with my parents, took one look at my jeans and gasped, asking, "What happened?!?"

I didn't want to answer, but I had to, "I uh... I... had an accident. In Ms. Marsh's class."

The nurse sent Mindy back to class and asked her to stop by the custodial office and ask them to come clean it up. Then she picked up the phone to call my Mom. I sat down and tried to sink into a hole somewhere between the reality of the situation and the dream it felt like. After a few seconds, the nurse said, "Hello, Anne? Hi, it's Patty... Yes... Well, are you sitting down?" There was a second or two of silence before she continued, "Adam had an accident in class... He wet his pants... yes, I know... if you could come down here, you can either bring spare clothes or pick him up.... Okay Anne, thank you.... we'll see you soon." and she hung up.

Mom arrived about ten minutes later with fresh pants and underwear for me, as well as a trash bag to put my peed one's in. She immediately filled me in on what a shock it was to get a call telling her I'd peed my pants in school. Despite my requests, she didn't allow me to go home. I had to go back to class and finish the day after all that. For the rest of my high school "career," I was known as the guy that peed his pants in history class. And to top it all off, when school let out and I got in mom's car, my sister was already in the car telling mom how she heard from her friends that her brother had "peed his freaking pants in front of everybody" and asking if it was true.

Mom just looked at me, then back to my sister and said, "Ask your brother."

*003*2015-01-29 16:04

Why thank you. Glad you enjoyed it!

