Date Panic! 2 - Page 11

Author: OmoCommando

*253*2014-07-05 21:44

Due to complications in life, Date Panic 2 is going on an indefinite hiatus.

Grand reopening.

*257*2014-09-03 06:33

You take your tinderbox and ignite the nearby lamp. With the hallway illuminated, your surrounding become more visible. But what was the source of that mysterious shadow around the corner? You look back over, but the light seems to have caused it to vanish. You move around the corner quickly to see what it is. Much to your surprise, there's nothing there.

Suddenly you feel a hand swipe against your backside. You look over your shoulder, but the only person you see is Emma. And so naturally... you ask her...

"WH-WHAT!?" she cries. "I-I would never do anything like that!!! What makes you think I would even... even..."

"Well something brushed against me!" you reply. "What was it?"

A brown blur flashes past you. You turn around...

There's a small monkey there happily holding up an iron key. Wait... that's your iron key! You take a step towards the tiny simian...

The creature bolts down the hallway, stops midway and turns around. It playfully smiles and waves the key above its head, then dashes into the room at the end and vanishes into the darkness.

[items lost: Iron Key]

How should you proceed?

> Charge after the monkey

> Go through the previous door

> Try and open the door you came through

> Other

Current Trust Level: Comfortable

Current Fear Level: Apprehensive

*271*2014-09-11 03:18

You immediately scramble after that monkey. No one steals from you, especially not some damned animal that thinks it's all some game! You burst through the partially open door and...

It appears to be a wine cellar. Many barrels and kegs line the room to where the light reaches. Further back, however, you can't see anything. It would be very easy for a monkey of that size to slip in and out of the storage racks. This would be a very long search.

You then realize that in your haste, you left Emma behind. You look back to where you came from, but she's gone! You abandoned your date! Of all the stupid things that-

"Hey, look at this!"

Over to your left, Emma is holding a large wine bottle.

"What about it?" You ask.

"I recognize the label." She answers. "This wine comes from a private vineyard that was thought lost almost two centuries ago. You can't find it anymore!"

"And this is where they made it?"

Emma shakes her head. "I don't think so. It was probably imported or bought from a trader, then stored here. It's very rare and very valuable!"

"What should we do with it?" You ask.

"Well... it would fetch quite the price from a collector back home..." she mused, "but to be completely honest, I'd love to have a drink first. Would you like to share with me?"

What should you do?

> Save the bottle for treasure points (200 points)

> Share a drink with Emma

> Find that damn monkey!

> Other

(treasure points aren't actually used for anything, but hey, it's good to have goals other than making girls desperate to pee)

Current Trust Level: Comfortable

Current Fear Level: Cautious

