Office Relationship with a side of Pee

Author: OrionsBelt

*000*2022-12-25 08:57

Hey all, this is a writing experiment I did on Christmas because I felt like it. I always wanted to try writing desperation/wetting scenarios in an office setting but could never think of a way to turn it into a convincing or decent plot or scenario. This was something I came up with just to test out, and have a few ideas floating around about continuing this story if I think it's good enough, so feedback/suggestions/responses are greatly appreciated!

- Orion

###

24-year-old Damian is an IT specialist at a local branch of West Valley Financial Services LLC, a financial management and advisory firm. Damian was rather fresh out of learning his trade but being around computers his whole life, he was more than qualified for the role as tech support for the branch. The head of the branch, Mr. Frasier, was a stubborn old man that really should have retired by now. He was always caught grumbling about how things are better back when he was a young’un and that people today don’t know “what the hell they doin’ anymore”. For that reason, nobody has been hired at this West Valley branch in over a decade until the previous tech lead retired, and we’re in need of a replacement, which ended up being Damian. Frasier was always keen to remind Damian that he was hired solely because he was cheap, and didn’t believe that his support was very necessary.

As usual, the boss didn’t know what he was talking about. The aging staff at West Valley struggled with updates and software issues of programs they “have used forever”, along with the plethora of forgotten passwords and lost file reports. It’s a wonder corporate hasn’t audited this branch, the next closest employee to Damian in terms of age was 38, and he was the custodian. On top of that, the staff was notably lacking behind company standards for diversity: of the small office of 20 people, only two were female, the rest males. The two being the receptionist who had been here since the branch’s founding and was a few years away from retirement, and the other being a stoic middle-aged woman that never has anything to say other than “Mhm.” outside of work emails. It’s not that the boss was sexist, he was just old-fashioned and particular about his qualities when hiring new employees, which explains the lack of new arrivals since Damian.

That all changed a breezy October morning. Damian was at his desk filing out another report on resolving a “[blank] file disappeared!” that he has come to know all too well. His throat felt a bit dry, so he got up to get a drink from the water cooler. The break room was next to the entrance to the office building, where the receptionist was nowhere to be soon; probably taking one of her “unofficial” breaks again. Damian got a cup of water and chilled on his phone for a couple minutes, then finishing and refilling his cup and leaving the break room.

It was upon exiting that he noticed a young woman in the reception area, looking a bit lost. She had smooth legs clad in stockings that gradually grew thicker on her thighs as it became covered mid-way by a mini-skirt. A dress shirt covered her torso where an ample, but not overindulgent, bosom was being covered. She had a cardigan wrapped around her arm for the chilly autumn weather and a petite face curtained by a wavy brown-blonde bob to her shoulders. It's clear she was a bit overdressed; Damian personally was just wearing flannel and some blue jeans; dress code was pretty much non-existent. Noticing the young girl’s confusion, he stepped in to see if he could help.

“Hello, can I help you?” asked Damian.

The woman turned to respond. “Ah! Are you Mr. Frasier? I’m here for the interview.”

An interview? Mr. Frasier was hiring?! That certainly is a surprise, and the fact he conceded a woman to be applicable enough for an interview, that’s rather unlike him.

“No, I’m the IT Specialist, Damian.” He stuck his hand out for a handshake.

“Nice to meet you Damian! I’m Hannah.” Hannah met Damian’s hand with a firm shake, but her hands were silky smooth.

“If you’re looking for Mr. Frasier, I can take you to him, his office is right next to mine.” Damian said, motioning to lead the way.

Hannah nodded and followed his lead. A short walk to Frasier’s office was followed by a knock from Damian.

“Mr. Frasier, a woman named Hannah is here, she says she has an interview with you?”

“Ah. Yes. Send her in.” Frasier responded sternly.

“He’s all yours.” Damian gestured as if to say “Good luck, you’re gonna need it.”

And with that, Hannah begun her interview as Damian returned to his desk to work on the other tech requests he has piled up.

…

It was a few hours later that Damian had begun feeling a bit thirsty again. It was about time for a late lunch anyway, being that it was past 3 in the afternoon by this point. He settled into his 30 minute break with some more water and a classic PB&J.

A few minutes later Hannah came into the break room to join Damian, who until that point was alone in the break room.

“Hey! How’d you do?” Damian greeted her.

“Good, I got the job! Mr. Frasier is just showing me the ropes as his assistant, but he got a phone call and excused me for my break for the time being.”

“That’s great! It’s been ages since we’ve had some fresh blood in the office, since yours truly, actually, so it’s great to see someone new!”

“Likewise! I’m gonna be honest, everyone else here seems kinda old and bitter. It’s nice to have someone my age around.”

Damian chuckled, “Yeah, they’re not so bad once you get to know ‘em, but there’s definitely a generational gap.”

Damian and Hannah shared a conversation mostly about work, and touched on social media and the likes over the course of the break. It was at this time Damian just noticed how frequently Hannah was crossing and fidgeting in her seat. It’s easy to assume that the chair wasn’t very comfortable, because they weren’t. However Damian’s imagination began to wonder as a woman holding her piss was always exciting to watch. He wondered if Hannah was starting to get a bit desperate, and how long it was since she last used the bathroom. He pushed away the thoughts as wishful thinking, only to have his suspicions confirmed.

“God, I am dying for a wee right now.” Hannah said, clasping her lap and bouncing for a moment, seemingly in the middle of the conversation.

Damian was taken aback and grew a bit red in the face. That was quite… forward.

He recomposed himself and pointed to the restroom in the breakroom. “The restrooms right here if you need it.”

“Oh! I’ll be ok, I can hold it. Besides, that bathroom is probably a mess with all the old guys here. I always try to avoid public bathrooms, no matter how bad it is!” Hannah laughed.

“Hah! You’re not far from the truth.” It’s true. He did wish the office had better aim; it was to the point where the two ladies in the office would just go elsewhere when leaving for their many unofficial breaks.

“Are you going to be ok though? You seem a tad squirmy over there, I gotta say.”

Hannah grew a little embarrassed after being prodded by this question. She thought guys would be grossed out by needing to pee, but Damian was more so just concerned, it seems.

“I’ll be fine! I’m used to it. I should be heading back though.”

“Same here! Talk to you soon!”

…

6:00. Quittin’ time. Damian clocked out and felt a small urge to piss, so he went to the break room to take a leak. Luckily no one was in there, for a twenty-person office there was only a single toilet for everyone, so it wasn’t uncommon for it to be occupied when you need it.

As Damian exited the restroom, he ran into Hannah clocking out, now visibly more flustered and with her top few buttons of her dress shirt undone, showing off a bit of cleavage.

“Hannah! I’m surprised you’re still here! Usually the office leaves by around 5 or 5:30.”

“Y-yeah, Mr. Frasier wanted me to stay a little longer to learn how to do some things… I’d love to chat more Damian but I’m absolutely dying for a piss so I gotta get home!”

“Will you be able to drive ok?” Damian asked with genuine concern but equal parts curiosity.

“W-well…” Hannah grew even more red. “I…have to take the bus to get home; I don’t have a car, so I guess I’ll just have to hold it…” Hannah seemed genuinely concerned that she was going to have an accident, a very public accident no doubt, as the bus stops and buses themselves would usually be full of commuting passengers, and that’s not even factoring in waiting for the bus itself.

Damian decided to go for a bit of a shot. He truly wanted to help Hannah out, but at the same time was filled with burning curiosity as to the state and condition of Hannah’s bladder.

“How far do you live? Perhaps it would be much faster for me to drive you home?”

Hannah paused, at least paused everything but her crossing of legs and hopping from foot to foot as she cradled her bursting bladder. She knew with relative certainty she couldn’t make it without making a mess out of her mini-skirt, but she was very reasonably wary of taking a ride from a guy she just met. She felt she could trust him though, and she certainly felt after their conversation she could trust him enough.

“S-sure… Is Harrison Road far from you?...” Hannah asked between leg crosses.

“That’s just up the road from my apartment! Come on, before you make a puddle in the office!”

…

Damian pulled out of his spot with a now bursting young woman in tow, fiercely bouncing her legs and keeping them tightly crossed together. All the while sucking air through her teeth and moaning in anticipation.

“Ohhhh~… It’s bad… I can almost feel it coming out! Hurry!”

Damian went as fast as he could reasonably go without getting a felony, blazing past turns and going over the speed limit, weaving in and out of cars. He took a glance at Hannah on a straight stretch of road. Her face was visibly red from embarrassment, her hands firmly in her crotch, legs crossed fiercely enough to turn coals into diamonds, and could even, very faintly, notice a slight bulge out of the flat waistband of her miniskirt. It took a lot for Damian to regain his composure, and he could hardly feel like this is real; it felt more like a fanfiction on a piss kink message board.

Damian made a 20 minute car ride in 15, and was pulling up to Hannah’s street as she looked the most desperate any woman had ever looked in her life. She began taking off her seat belt, all the while bouncing and fidgeting like a mad man. As soon as Damian hit park outside her address, a small townhouse amongst a row of them, Hannah dashed out of her seat and up the steps, and fumbled with her house keys as she pee-danced like crazy. Damian couldn’t be sure from his seat, but he swore he saw the faintest of damp spots on her stockings. It was only observable for a second, before Hannah opened the door and dashed inside and out of view.

Damian sat on the side of the road for a couple minutes, wondering what happened, if Hannah made it, if he was fast enough, how many red lights or speed cameras he went past.

Hannah soon reappeared, with what looked to be a damp pair of panties scrunched up in a ball in her hand. She looked considerably less professional, her hair messy, her dress shirt wrinkled and untucked, and her mini skirt ridden up considerably to where it became dangerously close to exposing herself. She walked over to the car.

“Hey… Sorry you had to see me like that… It feels embarrassing to say but you saved my pride and my outfit today… So thanks for taking me home so quickly, I owe you one.” Hannah said sheepishly, avoiding Damian’s eye contact out of embarrassment.

“Don’t sweat it, Hannah. It happens to everyone. I’m just glad you made it home dry. It certainly was nice to meet you.”

“Somewhat dry. Hehe…” Hannah giggled to herself. “Yeah. See you tomorrow at work?”

“Yep! See you tomorrow!”

Hannah turned around to go back to her house as Damian prepared to u-turn in the street. But not before catching a glimpse of Hannah’s curvy bottom. And noticeably, since her skirt was riding so high, a Pikachu tail tattoo under her left butt-cheek on the bottom half of her thigh.

As a Pokémon fan himself, Damian was greatly excited by this new common ground so that he could make a friend out of his new colleague, and for the first time in a while, was genuinely excited to go to work tomorrow.

To be continued.

