The Secretary

Author: p0ptartcat

*000*2011-11-24 21:12

The sun that crawled through the blinds of Lyanne's bedroom window awoke her from her deep sleep. She opened her eyes slowly and lifted herself of her bed. She then glanced at the clock; 7:00 am, another hour until work. She then smiled as she took her night clothes off and slipped on a pair of blue and white striped panties.

Once she had all her clothes on (a open necked collared shirt with a v-neck jumper over the top and a skirt) she went into the bathroom next to her bedroom and had her wash.

Lyanne then decided it would be good to have a pee before breakfast, after all, she hadn't gone to the toilet since 10:00 last night. She pulled down her skirt and panties and started to urinate. It felt very good and relaxing.

After she had finished, she went downstairs for her breakfast. She put some toast in the toaster and looked at herself in the mirror. She was a fine woman at the age of 25. She had long brunette hair and small, but perfect breasts and skinny legs. Her face was very clear, young and beautiful, and because of these, she had had many boyfriends in the past.

The toast popped and Lyanne then buttered the toasted bread. She poured herself some orange juice and sat down too tuck into her breakfast.

After she had finished, she put the kettle on and while she was waiting, decided too finish the carton of orange juice.

Sipping her tea, she checked the time, only too find it was 7:40 am, 5 minutes before her bus to the bank where she worked at. She downed the tea and orange juice in a matter of seconds and slipped her heels on before leaving her house and walking to the bus stop.

On the bus however, she started to feel a small twitch in her bladder, which she thought was strange as she had gone to the bathroom just about an hour before. She soon forgot about it as she got off at the stop outside her work and then going into the office where her and five other young woman worked as secretaries.

She greeted her best friend and work colleague, Annalise, who was the same age as her and was wearing the same clothes as Lyanne.

Annalise had blonde hair and nearly all the same features as Lyanne (who like Lyanne, had many boyfriends at Secondary School).

Lyanne had forgotten about her bladder twitch until lunch when she was drinking a flask of tea. She ignored the new twitch she had, thinking she would be able to relieve her bladder later on in the day. However, at about 2:30 pm, her bladder started to ache more. Realising that she should go to the bathroom, she got off her chair and told Annalise that she was going to the bathroom and to cover for her while she was away.

Once she got to the only bathrooms in the bank, she was greeted with a sign that made her heart skip a beat. 'OUT OF ORDER.'

She gasped and quickly thought of some more ways she could relieve her bladder.

She could take a plastic cup from the water cooler, find a quiet spot and go in there. However, knowing the bank, everywhere would be bustling with workers or clients, so that idea was bad.

Or she could go into a nearby alleyway and go behind a bin or something. She decided that was the best bet until she realised that she couldn't go outside without being fired with questions as to why she was going outside.

Lyanne realised she would just have to hold it until 7:00 pm, when work finished.

When she got back to her desk, Annalise was waiting for her.

"Do you want to come to my house for a coffee?" Annalise asked.

"Erm yeah ok," Lyanne replied.

"Are you alright?"

"Yes fine, the bathroom was out of order, but I'm sure I'll be able to hold it until I get to your house."

"Ok, I was gonna go after you came back, but I'm not really that desperate."

The talk of bathrooms was really starting to make Lyanne need to go more. Annalise realised this by the look on her face and decided to drop the conversation.

At 5:30 pm, Lyanne was really starting to get desperate. She jammed her hands into her crotch and checked the clock.

"An hour and a half left, I don't know if I can make it. But I need to keep positive and not think about it." Lyanne thought to herself.

"If I can get into a good position, I should be able to hold it long enough so I can answer phone calls and emails."

Lyanne then leaned further forwards on her chair, so that her crotch was being pushed into the leather chair. The phone started ringing and she struggled to reach and answer it, but she managed it in the end. She hoped none of the other girls could she her desperation (although Annalise might've remembered that she needed to go).

"Finally!" Lyanne though to herself in relief. The time was 7:00 pm, time for her to go home. As she stood up however, a small spurt of urine dribbled out of her urethra. She grabbed her crotch and checked to make no-one was looking at her. She grabbed her stuff and made a quick exit, however as she was walking to her bus stop, she heard someone shouting her name.

"Lyanne, come on, you're going the wrong way, my bus stop is this way."

Lyanne realised it was Annalise. She had forgotten she had agreed to go over to her house for coffee. Lyanne waddled over to Annalise, only for another spurt of pee to dribble into her soft panties and down her leg. She hoped Annalise hadn't noticed it.

Annalise's bus arrived within a minute, which Lyanne was really pleased for, she didn't know how much longer she could hold her pee in for. She was really regretting drinking all that orange juice and tea.

About halfway through the bus journey, another smaller dribble left Lyanne's urethra and soaked itself into her blue and white panties. She grabbed her crotch and closed her eyes. She couldn't have an accident. She was a grown girl and especially not on a bus full of people.

"Are you ok?" A soft voice rang in her ears.

It was Annalise.

"No. I really need to go to the bathroom and I don't think I can hold it much longer."

"Oh, I really hope you make it. I kinda need to go too. You're welcome to use my bathroom before me if that helps you."

"Thanks, I really hope I can use it."

Annalise pushed the stop button. She lived in a quiet area of town.

Over the past few minutes, Lyanne had noticed Annalise moving around uncomfortably in her seat.

As Lyanne stood up, another, longer spurt of pee dribbled down her leg. She jammed her hand into her crotch and begged to god she would make it.

Both girls hopped off the bus quickly. Annalise reached into her pocket for her house key when she stopped suddenly. Annalise jammed her hand into her crotch and Lyanne watched as golden urine ran down Annalise's legs and soaked her skirt, leaving a large puddle on the pavement. After seeing this, Lyanne needed to go much more now. More spurts started to run down her legs and eventually, a stream started to exit her urethra and she realised he was peeing. She groaned as the golden urine splashed on the floor, glistening in the sun. They were both lucky no-one was around to witness the embarrassing accident.

Annalise lifted up her skirt to check the damages, revealing her pink panties to Lyanne.

They were absolutely drenched in urine.

Lyanne then lifted up her skirt. Her favourite pair of blue and white striped panties were sodden.

Inside Annalise's house, they both put their skirts and panties in the washing machine, and Lyanne borrowed a skirt and black panties from Annalise.

"That was embarrassing," Annalise said to Lyanne.

"Let's keep this a secret. Just between us." Lyanne said back.

"Definitely."

The two girls both smiled and Lyanne started to laugh as she realised Annalise was just wearing her collared shirt and a pair of mint green panties. Annalise started to laugh too as she reached for a new skirt from her wardrobe.

*002*2011-11-30 16:19

Thanks, I'm thinking of writing a part 2 of this, so i'll take your advice.

*003*2011-12-03 16:46

Part 2: (This takes place about 2 weeks after part 1)

Lyanne dashed into the ladies toilets and into a cubicle. She pulled her skirt and white panties down to the floor and sat down on the toilet seat. Lyanne took a deep sigh of relief as the urine shot out of her urethra and down the toilet. Some pee splashed onto her legs but she didn't care, she was just glad she had made it in time. It had been really difficult hiding her desperation infront of the girls, but she had managed it before, and she was sure she could do it again.

Lately, Lyanne had been having bladder problems. Ever since she had the accident with Annalise a few weeks ago, she had always felt and urge to pee every few hours.

12:40 am.

Lyanne remembered that her best friend, Annalise had invited her to her houe for a coffee a few weeks back. Lyanne decided she should return the favour by asking her to her house.

"Annalise, do you want to come to my house after work? Maybe a coffee?"

"Definitely. I'm not busy tonight so I can stay for as long as you want me to."

"Ok then," Lyanne turned back on her chair. She was wearing her usual work clothes (as described in part 1). She had blue eyes and brunette hair.

"Damn. I need to use the loo again."

Lyanne got of her chair and walked over to the restroom.

She got inside, only to find that all the stalls were occupied.

"Oh no, I'll have to wait. I'm not that desperate, I'll come back later."

Lyanne left the toilets and went back to her desk to carry on working.

Lyanne's desperation went, but came back at 3:30 pm, and this time, much stronger. She started moving around in her chair, shaking from side to side, legs crossed tightly.

"Are you alright?" a soft voice rang into Lyanne's ears.

It was Susan. She had short blonde hair and pale white skin. Her eyes were bright green and could be seen from a distance. She was tall and had average legs.

"Nope, nothing, just a bit uncomfortable," Lyanne answered.

"Ok, I was a bit worried that something was happening."

Susan was the type of person that was very caring for other people. She didn't want anything to happen to anyone.

"I can't go to the loo now, Susan will see me and think that's why I was moving awkwardly. I'll have to wait 5 minutes before I can. But I need to go so much. I suppose I will just have to wait, I should last 5 minutes."

5 minutes later, Lyanne abandoned her desk and walked swiftly into the bathroom, only to find yet again, all stalls occupied.

"Oooh, this is so bad, I really need to use the loo."

Lyanne twisted her legs and grabbed her crotch.

"Hurry up!" she called into a stall.

"It's me Lyanne."

It was Annalise.

"I didn't want Annalise to know I need to pee, but that doesn't matter now. I just hope she hurries up."

Lyanne tried to bend down to see underneath the stall, but she struggled, and let out a dribble of urine.

"Ah, Annalise hurry up, I really need a wee!" Lyanne whispered, loud enough so Annalise could hear it, but quiet enough so no-one else could.

"I do too, I only just got in here!"

Lyanne saw Annalise drop her skirt and her blue and black striped panties to the floor. She sat down and started to pee. The sound of pee coming hitting the toilet water made Lyanne need to go even more.

"This desperation is killing me!" Lyanne thought to herself. "I hope I don't have another accident."

After what seemed like a year, the peeing stopped and Annalise flushed, causing Lyanne's bladder to ache in so much pain. Annalise opened the door, but was nearly knocked down by Lyanne dashing into the cubicle, locking the door straight away.

"Finally! Sweet relief!"

Lyanne dropped her skirt and panties and sat down to pee. The relief felt so good, and the sound of Annalise washing her hands made her pee come out much quicker, but calmly.

Once she had finished, she pulled her clothes back up, flushed and washed her hands. She exited the toilets and sat back down at her desk.

"You were pretty desperate," Annalise whispered to Lyanne.

"Don't talk about this please. I'm having a bladder problem at the moment and the talk of desperation isn't helping at all."

Oh, sorry then."

"That's alright."

At 5:00 pm, Lyanne felt another twitch in her bladder; the third one of the day.

"Oh god, not again. This one isn't as bad as the others, I should be able to hold it for awhile."

At 6:30 pm, Lyanne was really desperate. She was doing everything to try and stop her pee: legs crossed, hand in crotch, moving around and mentally blocking the thought of her desperation. Small dribbles of pee were leaking into her panties, creating a warm sensation between her legs.

"Oh god, I can't get up to go to the loo now, there is too much to hold, and if I stand up, I might start peeing. I'm gonna have to wait it out this time. Only half an hour till work finishes. I might be able to go then."

Lyanne caressed her panties, only to find a wet spot near her urethra, and it was getting wetter.

"Aah, too much to hold. Ok, stay calm. Just don't think about it and it will go away."

But it didn't. It only got worse.

7:00 pm.

Lyanne's panties were very damp, but she hadn't exactly wet herself. She could feel spurts running down her legs. She slowly got out of her chair, only to find a puddle on her black leather chair.

"Damn, thank god it's black, nobody should se it. It should dry out by tomorrow."

Lyanne was about to go into the toilets when she saw Annalise.

"I'm just going to the loo, I'll be out in a few minutes."

"Don't bother, there closed for cleaning, someone had an accident and the loo's are now closed for cleaning."

Lyanne started leaking even more, the desperation becoming even harder to hide. She waddled outside with Annalise and went over to her bus stop.

The bus arrived, but Lyanne was close to wetting. Her panties were becoming even more damp, and golden urine was leaking down her legs. She wasn't sure that she would make the whole journey without peeing herself. She really didn't want another accident.

More pee started leaking into her panties, dribbling down her legs and onto either the floor or her seat. She made sure no-one was looking and quickly looked down her skirt. Her white panties were no longer white. They were a damp, dark yellow. She still couldn't believe 2 things: 1 was that no-one had seen her in the state she was in and 2, she hadn't wet herself, although she was on the verge of doing so.

Lyanne tried to press the 'STOP' button, but couldn't succeed without releasing some more pee.

Her and Annalise got off the bus, but Annalise stopped Lyanne and said, "do you need to use the toilet?" I can tell you're desperate,"

Lyanne was shocked.

"Erm, yes, my wee is leaking out as we speak, and I don't think I can get to the loo intime."

"Don't worry, you will make it, I'm sure of it."

"I doubt that."

Lyanne went over to her front door, legs twisted and one hand jammed in her crotch. She was leaking much more now. She couldn't believe she had to hold so much pee.

Her legs were wobbling as she reached to unlock the door. She started to bend down, causing a long spurt to blast through her panties and straight onto the ground.

"I'll unlock it for you," Annalise said.

"Th-th-thank you."

"No problem."

Annalise took the key of Lyanne, but Lyanne spurted even more pee out.

"D-don't look."

Lyanne squatted down and tried to pull off her skirt, but she started spurting, and spurting, until her pee started coming out completely, leaking around her butt cheeks and wetting her skirt. The pee started to fill up inside the rear of her panties, before rushing out and going straight through her skirt fabrics, soaking them.

All Annalise could do was watch. She couldn't do anything to help. All she could do was watch as her best friend peed herself infront of her.

After a few minutes of peeing, Lyanne got back into a standing position and started to cry, her tears running down her tender face mixed with her golden puddle of pee.

"C'mon, inside," Annalise said. Lyanne noticed a massive wet spot on Annalise's skirt and a few drips coming from her panties.

Lyanne went into the bathroom and sat down on the toilet and peed again, straight through her skirt. The golden liquid streamed into her panties, filling them up with urine, and eventually cascading down into the toilet.

Lyanne looked at herself in the mirror. The front of her skirt had a giant wet spot and her panties were drenched. Her bum was wet with urine, and the back of her skirt was the wettest, as that was where she had peed through both times. Once again, she had an accident infront of her friend. At least it was just between her and Annalise.

There was a knocking and a voice saying, "can you come out now? I kinda need a wee."

"Ok," Lyanne sobbed, but when she opened the door, she found a giant puddle underneath Annalise and her skirt damper than before. Seeing this made Lyanne pee a bit more through her panties, even though she felt no need to go.

"I've got a confession to make," Annalise said. "I was the one who had an accident in the toilets at work. I've also been having bladder problems ever since I went to Brad's party. I might've even peed myself there too."

"Don't worry," Lyanne replied in a new pair of home clothes. "I'll keep a secret."

Note: I'll be writing a follow up in 'Annalise the Secretary' so you can find out what happened with Annalise.

*006*2011-12-16 21:56

Thanks for the praise everyone! I've been busy so I haven't been able to write anything at the moment, but keep checking back! I may make a new thread for upcoming stories as this thread will just get old and no-one will check back. I may even add them into one document for everyone to download and read.

