The Emeral Forest - A RWBY Fiction - Page 2

Author: Kid_Omo

*025*2016-03-31 03:36

Man, life has really bad timing. I had a draft of this story ready for so long, but wasn't able to actually finish it until now.

Well, anyway, the wait is over! I present the final, climactic chapter of the Emerald Forest.

I think at points my mind kind of... wandered while I wrote, but I think that turned out for the better.

So, without further ado; I present to you the story of Blake and Yang's trial:

____

The leaves rustled, swords and claws clashed, and bellowing roars mixed with explosive outbursts as the Emerald Forest was plunged into chaos. The initiates of Beacon Academy were in the middle of their first test which would set the trajectory for their entire time at the Academy and beyond. Today was the day that these young Huntsmen would prove themselves and earn their place in the world.

Among those promising initiates was the faunus, Blake Belladonna. Nimbly, the young huntress ran through the forest, stealthily maneuvering to avoid attracting unwanted attention- from Grimm or the other students. This was the moment; the beginning of a journey for which Blake had trained for years to earn. However, that was not where her mind was focused right now.

With all the excitement of getting adjusted to Beacon, not to mention all the people around, it was hard for Blake to get to sleep the night before. Consequently, it was nearly impossible for her to wake up that morning. This caused her to be in a serious hurry to get ready and get to the cliffs before the test began. She was so nearly late that she wound up far in the back of the line-up on the cliffs. So far back, in fact, that she could barely even see Ozpin as he delivered their instructions.

In her hurry, Blake barely had enough time to eat breakfast, and she had to skip certain other parts of her morning ritual. Unfortunately, it was now becoming apparent that it was a mistake to skip certain parts.

Right now, Blake needed to pee. Quite badly. It was hardly the worst she’d needed the bathroom in her life, but she knew it would prove to be a distraction which she could not afford in such dangerous territory as the Grimm infested forest.

As such, the young huntress tried her best to avoid the attention of monsters or students until she could take care of her need. She quickly moved through the forest, trying to find a nice, secluded spot to go.

In her time in the White Fang, Blake was not always afforded such modern luxuries as indoor plumbing. She was quite familiar with using the bathroom outdoors. However, she didn’t want to be caught off guard while doing it. It wouldn’t be ideal to have to try and fight any Grimm while she was in the middle of answering nature’s call. And if another student stumbled upon her… she didn’t even want to consider it. That was probably one of the worst first impressions Blake could think of.

After a few minutes of searching, Blake found an area that appeared to be relatively secluded from the other students. It was further than most of them should have landed, so she figured few would be out this way.

Blake found a nice spot surrounded by bushes and trees that was just large enough for her to squat down and avoid any wandering eyes. The task at hand seemed simple enough: get her hiding spot, take care of business, then be on her way to find her partner and finish the test. It was a good enough plan, but things never could be that easy.

Blake calmly walked over to the bushes, taking one last look around to make sure she wasn’t seen, and began to squat down. Suddenly, she was caught off guard as the sound of multiple blasts from a nearby weapon echoed through the area. Shortly after, the faunus heard the roar of an Ursa.

She listened for a few moments, but the fight showed no signs of stopping. It seemed like someone was in trouble.

Blake sighed. She couldn’t leave someone on their own to be beaten down- or worse- by a bunch of Grimm. Her pee would have to wait. For now, someone needed her help.

The faunus ran toward the origin of the sound, drawing her weapon in preparation for a fight.

When Blake got there, she saw another huntress with long blonde hair facing down two Ursi. It seemed as though Blake’s worries were unfounded, though, as the girl was beating one of the bears quite handily on her own. Soon enough, one of the Ursa was sent flying through a nearby tree.

Even still, it looked like this girl severely underestimated the strength of the monsters she was fighting.

Blake saw the girl square up with the other Ursa and angrily challenge it. That’s when Blake noticed her positioning. She was directly behind the Grimm while its focus was completely turned toward the fiery girl.

Seizing her opportunity, Blake threw her sword directly into the spine of the Grimm. Her expertly aimed shot hit its mark. The bear paused, then fell forward, beginning to deteriorate within seconds.

Blake pulled on the ribbon attached to her sword to bring it back to her, then looked up. She noticed that the other girl was looking at her. Their eyes locked together. It was then that Blake remembered the rules of this test. This meant that this girl was now going to be Blake’s teammate from here on out.

She smiled. Blake could certainly think of worse candidates to team with. This girl seemed like a capable fighter, and- from what Blake had seen- fairly nice and reasonable, if a bit boisterous. It was definitely better than teaming with the Schnee heiress, or that bubbly orange-haired girl.

However, this did present a problem. Blake felt a dull throb from her abdomen and realized she had again been denied a chance to relieve herself. She figured it would leave a pretty bad impression to excuse herself to pee literally the minute after meeting her new teammate. This meant Blake would have to wait a little longer for relief. It would be difficult, but at least she had someone to watch her back now.

“I could have taken it, you know.” Yang Xiao Long said, breaking the silence between the two girls.

“I’m sure you could.” Blake responded flatly, sheathing her sword, “I just figured it would be best not to waste the energy, since I had a good shot.”

“Yeah, yeah.” The blonde haired girl dismissed playfully. “Anyway, I’m Yang.”

“I know, we’ve met…”

“Oh, yeah.” Yang said in sudden realization, “Blake, right?” She asked, pointing at the dark-haired girl.

“Yes.”

“Whelp, looks like we’re together now!” Yang exclaimed happily, giving Blake a rough pat on the back.

It seemed Yang didn’t quite know her own strength. The pat on the back knocked Blake off balance, causing her to stumble forward and nearly fall over. This sudden jolt evoked another wave of pain from her bladder as her delicate equilibrium was thrown off. Blake winced and gave a sharp inhale.

“Oops, sorry.” Yang said, seeming concerned for her new teammate.

“Oh, no, it’s fine. I’m alright, just didn’t expect that.” Blake quickly replied, trying to cover up her real problem.

“So, any idea where we’re supposed to be going? They seemed kind of vague on that.”

“I’m not sure, but I saw something that looked kind of strange earlier. We could start there.”

“Great! Let’s go.” Yang responded, giving an enthusiastic thumbs up.

The newly formed team took off in the direction of the sight they hoped was their destination. Along the way, Yang tried to make small talk to get to know her new teammate, but Blake was giving her precious little for her efforts.

Blake was normally not the most talkative of individuals, but she was being even worse about it than usual. It wasn’t that she didn’t want to talk to Yang, but her mind was currently occupied with much more pressing issues.

The dark-haired girl was feeling a constant, throbbing pressure from her bladder. Blake kept her hands resting on her stomach, hoping that would help to alleviate her discomfort even a little.

The whole time they were walking, Blake was trying to assess the situation and calculate the appropriate response. It might reflect poorly on her if she asked them to stop for a bathroom break too quickly. Maybe a half hour would be an appropriate buffer? Or maybe she should wait for an hour. That’s certainly enough time for anyone to need a break under normal circumstances, right?

This train of though was interrupted by a sudden, unexpected question from her teammate.

“Hey, you think we can stop for a second? I gotta take a leak.”

Blake was stunned by the blonde huntress’s forwardness. She was also relieved to hear that question.

“Sure.” Blake responded, trying not to sound too eager, “I could probably stand to go, too.”

“Cool, so do you just want to go together? Here seems like a good enough spot.” Yang asked, without the slightest hint of shame.

“What?” Blake called back in shock, her cheeks growing red.

“I figured it would be faster. My sister and I used to do it all the time.”

“Um…” Blake struggled to find her words. This had taken her more off guard than anything. “I think it would be best if we weren’t both incapacitated at the same time. In a place this dangerous, someone should probably stand guard.”

“Oh, okay. That makes sense. Well, you think you can wait here? I’ll be really quick.”

Blake didn’t want to say yes. She wanted to beg Yang to wait so she could get the sweet relief she had been denied for too long. But that didn’t seem right; Yang was the one who asked to stop, after all. Besides, Blake had no idea how back of a situation the other girl was in. Yang may have been even worse off than she was.

“Yeah, no problem.” Blake finally responded.

She watched as Yang turned around and reached under the bottom of her jacket and grabbed the side of her shorts. Blake bit her lip in anticipation. ‘Just a little longer.’ she thought.

Just then, the girls were caught by surprise by a loud roar somewhere nearby. They froze in place and looked around.

“That sounded like an Ursa.” Blake commented, “And it sounded close.”

“Oh, yeah?” Yang asked, removing her hands from her shorts and cracking her knuckles, “Looking for a round two?”

“I wouldn’t suggest it.” Blake advised, “We don’t know how long we’re going to be out here and there are Grimm all over- some very powerful ones, too. We should conserve our energy as much as possible and only fight when we have to.”

“So what do you suggest we do?” Yang asked, hesitantly.

“As much as I hate to say it, we should probably keep moving and see if we can get away from the Grimm rather than engaging it.”

Yang groaned as she heard this, to which Blake responded, “I know. I really want to stop, too. But we can’t risk another dangerous fight in our current condition. Especially when we don’t know how close we are to our goal.”

“Come on!” Yang responded, impatiently, “Can’t I just beat it up so we can pee?”

“We don’t know how many of them there are. Grimm don’t always travel alone. Do you really think you can take another group of them right now?”

Yang let out a small groan, “You’re right. But it I have to change my pants because of this, I’m personally killing every Ursa in the forest.”

“Let’s just hope it doesn’t come to that. Come on, let’s keep moving.”

Both the girls reluctantly turned away and departed toward their dubiously defined destination. Blake grit her teeth as yet another opportunity to empty her bladder was denied her.

____

This was bad. Like, really bad. Yang really needed to pee. Like, really bad. She could feel her bladder pushing against the spandex of her shorts. She crossed her arms, trying to appear casual, but she could feel goose bumps starting to form.

Having her sister at Beacon was great, but Ruby could sometimes be a hassle. This morning was a particularly noteworthy example. She had to help Ruby wake up, get ready, and get to the testing grounds, all the while also calming her anxiety. This meant Yang didn’t have time to take care of all of her own needs.

Because of this, Yang desperately needed that bathroom break earlier. She had decided it would be better to meet her teammate first, then ask to take a break, rather than literally being caught with her pants down. Still, she was already bursting by the time she encountered Blake, and the passage of time was only making that worse.

Now, she had to hold it for who knows how much longer. She couldn’t deny that Blake had a point. Yang wasn’t totally sure she’d be able to hold it through another fight like the first one. But she kind of regretted not taking the risk.

Of course, this wouldn’t be nearly as bad if she had a teammate she could at least talk to. Yang knew from experience that a good conversation could help take the focus off the lakebed she was trying to contain in her abdomen. Unfortunately, she wasn’t getting that from Blake.

Still, she decided to try striking up a conversation one more time. She figured Blake could use a distraction, too. After all, she said she needed to go as well.

“So, do you have any family?” Yang broke the silence.

“Shh.” Blake hushed sharply, “I’m trying to listen for any signs of Grimm. We don’t want to be caught off guard, especially now.”

Yang looked over at her teammate. The positioning of Blake’s arms told the entire story. Her right arm was held straight down; hand rubbing against her thigh, and her left arm was crossed over her chest, gripping her right elbow.

“Come on, I’ve told you plenty about me, but I don’t really know anything about you.” Yang persisted, ignoring the warning, “Like I don’t even know what combat school you went to.”

Blake was silent for a little while, and Yang was about to give up, before she got a response, “I trained outside of the Kingdoms.”

“Oh, wow, that’s crazy.”

“Yeah, you have to learn to fight in order to survive out there.”

“So,” Yang began, a smile creeping across her face as a new thought entered her mind, “Any cute boys in your life?”

“No, not really…” Blake said, her voice falling.

“Don’t be so glum, there’s plenty of students at Beacon, and you’re pretty cute. I’m sure you can find someone.”

“Thanks…” Blake said slowly, “I’m not really worried about that, though.”

“Oh, I’m sure you’re not. You’ve got that whole mysterious girl thing going for you. I’m sure you could get anyone you wanted.”

“Not what I meant…” Blake hesitated, “What about you?”

“What?” Yang asked, shocked she actually got a question out of the enigma in black, “No, not really. I’ve got my eye on a few people, but I want some time to really feel out my prospects first, you know?”

There was a pause, followed by a commotion somewhere in the distance. Blake stopped and put her arm out to signal Yang to stop as well.

“What’s up?” Yang asked.

“Sounds like another group has run into some trouble. It sounds like a serious fight.”

“Wow, you have really good ears.” Yang commented, “But that’s really far away, it’s not like we can help.”

“Yes, but it means more Grimm might start to get attracted over there and leave us alone.”

“Really?” Yang asked, more excitement in her voice than she intended. She could feel the walls of her dam struggling not to burst at the mere prospect of getting a chance to let go.

Blake looked around for a moment, “I think we should keep moving a little longer. It looks like that stirred up some activity.”

“Okay.” Yang reluctantly agreed.

The duo walked for a few more minutes and the pressure in Yang’s bladder continued to ramp up. She rubbed her thighs to try and distract from the pain. She was pretty sure this was a legitimate form of torture.

Finally, after just a few more steps, Yang cupped her gloved hands over her bulging bladder and stopped walking.

“Okay, seriously, if we don’t stop soon, I’m going to explode.”

“It seems we’ve gotten far enough away.” Blake strained out in response.

“Great so why don’t you stand g-“ Yang turned around to observe her teammate’s posture.

Blake was bent forward, her right hand now buried deep in her crotch and her knees practically knocking together. The training huntress was visibly trembling under the strain of keeping her bodily functions under control.

Yang felt a lot of sympathy for her partner. She remembered seeing her younger sister in similar situations, and something about that triggered an instinct in her. As much as she needed to pee, it was clear that Blake had it worse.

“Why don’t you go ahead and go? I’ll wait here.”

“R-really?” Blake stuttered, her eyes practically watering.

“Sure.” Yang responded with a smile, “Just be quick about it!”

Blake nodded and rushed toward the nearby bushes. Her hand was planted firmly between her legs, grasping on tight, as the girl took short, quick steps.

Yang leaned up against a tree and crossed her legs tightly, taking a deep breath as she waited for her turn to release all of her pent-up liquids.

____

Blake could feel her face growing hotter. She was so close to being able to let it all out, all she had to do was keep control for a few more feet. With each step, that was beginning to feel more and more like an impossible task.

She could feel the flood coming on. A few small muscles was all that stood between Blake and an embarrassing accident, and a few inches of fabric was all that stood between her and the sweetest of all relief.

The faunus managed to waddle her way through the bushes and into place. All that was left now was to get her clothes out of the way and get into position. She could feel the river inside her pounding against her floodgates in anticipation.

Slowly, carefully, Blake removed her hand from between her legs and grabbed the sides of her shorts. She spread her legs and bent her knees slightly. Right as she was in position, Blake felt a small stream begin to leak out into her panties. She panicked, not wanting to lose the battle when she was so close to the end. Blake quickly looked around, hardly even able to take in the world around her through her blurred vision. She then pulled down her shorts and panties and squatted the rest of the way.

By the time Blake was in position, a few drops were already falling to the ground. However, that was all that was coming out. Maybe it was the pressure of having another desperate girl waiting, maybe it was the new environment, or maybe it was because she held it for too long, but nothing was coming out. Blake had to really concentrate to try and let it all out.

After a moment, a small trickle began to pour onto the ground, and Blake felt some relief. But this was cut short as a feeling of terror ran through her.

She caught a vicious sound from nearby. Faint at first, but it grew louder and louder, rapidly approaching her. In seconds, a monstrous roar echoed as a large Ursa burst through the bushes, charging straight toward the peeing huntress.

Blake was caught by surprise, but her instincts took over in that moment. She used her Semblance to create an illusion of herself and jumped back to dodge out of the way of the Grimm’s attack.

Blake quickly pulled her pants back up and took half a second to regain her composure. The adrenaline rush gave Blake the energy she needed to cut off the flow, aside from a few stray drops.

The faunus knew there was no way she could fight this monster alone in her current state. But she figured maybe between her and Yang, they could take this monster down without both wetting their pants.

As the bear recovered from its missed swing, it turned its attention to the real Blake. She turned around and ran back toward where she had left Yang.

“Wow that was fast.” Yang commented, as Blake emerged from the bushes.

“I didn’t go! An Ursa found me!” Blake frantically explained.

At that moment, the aforementioned creature tore through the bushes, now charging at both the Beacon Academy initiates.

“No worries,” Yang said, knocking her gauntlets together to prepare for a fight, “You take care of yourself, I’ll take care of this guy.”

Blake barely had time to process what she was just told as she charged past her teammate and into another set of nearby bushes.

By the time Blake was out of sight, she was also out of breath, her pulse still pounding from the sudden surprise. More importantly, her bladder was bursting. She could feel another steady stream of pee leaking out into her panties.

Blake grabbed for the sides of her shorts in a panic, trying to get them out of the way before more damage was done. However, before Blake could even spread her legs, the flood started. The small leak had now grown into a powerful stream pouring directly into her pants.

The faunus clamped her thighs together to try and stem the flow, but this only served to upset her balance. Blake was forced to brace herself against a tree to keep from falling, her free hand still trying in vain to pull her pants and panties out of the way.

Within moments, the fabric of Blake’s white shorts was darkened. She could feel the warm liquid spilling out of her pants and soaking into her stockings, the uncomfortable sensation slowly working its way down her legs.

At this point, Blake was forced to accept the reality of the situation. She crouched down, no longer attempting to pull her pants down, and allowed her system to empty itself.

She couldn’t deny that it felt good to finally let it all go after holding on for so long. The release of pressure was amazing. Just as Blake was about to let out a sigh, she felt a drop wind its way down her now drenched stockings, down the side of her foot, and into her shoe. She felt her face turn an even deeper shade of red and buried her head in her hands, mortified at what was happening.

‘Great, one test into Beacon Academy and I’m already peeing my pants.’ Blake thought. This could not be a good omen for things to come. One thing was certain, Blake could not let it slip that she was a faunus to anyone after this, not even to Yang. The jokes about not being housebroken would never stop.

Blake sat there for another minute as her bladder forced out everything that was left. Even as the final few drops dripped to the ground, Blake stayed still, completely frozen in place by the shock and horror of what had just happened.

After a moment of silence, a breeze came along that chilled the young huntress and snapped her back to reality. She remembered Yang and how she left her: alone, desperate, and fighting an Ursa. Blake couldn’t hear anything now. She hoped that was a good sign.

Blake stood up and looked herself over. Her white shorts were totally soaked through. Thankfully, they were thick enough to not be totally see-through, but her dark purple panties were still visible in some of the more water damaged parts. The inside of her stockings were also wet, but the black and purple fade made it much more difficult to see.

She took a step and felt the liquid in her shoes squish around her feet. Blake could feel her clothes sticking to her, the once warm liquid now cooling her as it met the air.

Blake slowly walked back to the path to meet Yang. She stared at the ground in utter humiliation, afraid of what her new partner would say after seeing her in this state of affairs.

____

Yang was really annoyed with this situation. Sure, it wasn’t Blake’s fault, she could never have known. Still, if they were going to have to fight the Ursa anyway, why didn’t they just go ahead and fight it when they stopped the first time. It would have saved them another hour of torment.

But this was the situation now, no sense dwelling on what could have been. And the situation now was that there was a large bear standing in front of the bursting young huntress.

“Bring it on!” Yang yelled, preparing her gauntlets for a fight.

The Ursa swung, but Yang ducked out of the way. She managed to land a glancing blow, which the Grimm shrugged off before swinging again.

Yang was nowhere near her peak form for this fight, and it showed. Normally one Grimm, even one this big, would be something she could take down with a few good hits. But right now, she couldn’t seem to land any good hits.

She kept dodging the monster’s lumbering attacks, but she knew she had to find an opening and finish this before the fight dragged on.

After ducking another large swing, Yang went in for a jab on what she thought was an opening. Instead, the Ursa shifted out of the way and caught Yang off guard with a huge swipe of its claws.

Yang slid back, but managed to stay standing and squared up with the beast. She had taken much worse hits before, but it wasn’t her physical strength that was in question.

As she recovered from the hit, Yang felt a contraction in her bladder as a wetness began spreading in her underwear. The leak stopped after only a moment, but this was a clear warning that Yang was at her limit, and that there’d be trouble if she didn’t end this fight soon.

“That is it!” Yang shouted as her aura exploded from her. She was sick of messing around, sick of this fight, and sick of holding her pee, and all that rage was about to be unleashed on this one unsuspecting monster.

Yang charged at the Ursa, using her left hand to blast its paw out of the way before delivering a powerful right to the bear’s armored head, coupled with a blast from her gauntlet. The beast went flying back, crashing through a tree behind it and falling out of sight.

Yang breathed heavily and watched the tree line for a moment as she calmed down.

That was when a sudden realization hit her. When her aura burst out of her, something else also burst. Yang noticed that a small, but persistent, leak was soaking into her panties. She knew this was a warning sign that she was about to pee, whether she was ready or not. She panicked slightly as she felt a few trickles winding their way around her thighs.

Without looking around, out in the open, Yang spread her legs, lifted her jacket, and grabbed the sides of her shorts. In one fluid motion, Yang yanked down her shorts and panties and squatted down.

This was not a second too soon. The moment Yang’s clothes were out of the way, her floodgates burst open and a strong flow of liquid forced its way out.

The blonde huntress sighed as a hissing sound filled the air, couple with the loud pattering of her pee hitting the dirt with incredible force.

For the first few seconds, it didn’t even feel good. Her bladder was too full. It just hurt to feel it shrinking back down to normal size.

Yang looked down to make sure that her clothes and shoes were out of the splash zone. A quick glance reassured her that she was in a good position, but she also noticed something else. Yang saw exactly how strong her stream was as it hit the ground. This was probably the strongest pee she had ever had in her life.

Just after that thought hit her, Yang shivered and goose bumps covered her body. She tilted her head back and let out a deep sight that came out more like a pleasurable moan. It had begun to feel good.

No, “good” was an understatement. It felt amazing. Almost orgasmic. It was a feeling unlike anything she’d experienced before. That said, Yang was pretty sure it wasn’t worth going through that ordeal ever again, no matter how good it felt.

Yang was frozen there, intermittently letting out a few more moans as the occasional shiver overtook her again. After more than a minute, the powerful stream slowed more and more until it was nothing but a steady drip.

Once she was done, Yang stood up, shook herself off, and pulled up her pants.

She looked down and noticed- aside from the impressively huge puddle- that there were a few yellowed streaks on her thighs. Yang tried to wipe them off with the back of her wrist.

Yang gave one last satisfied sigh and turned around, only to be met with Blake, who was staring at the ground, her face redder than Ruby’s cape.

“Oh my gosh, I’m so sorry!” Yang shouted, believing Blake was embarrassed about walking in on her taking a leak, “I didn’t mean to, but I just had to go so bad, I couldn’t hold it anymore…”

Yang paused when she realized Blake wasn’t even looking at her. She then looked Blake over and saw the telltale signs. She noticed the dark patch on Blake’s shorts- unable to help that she also noticed Blake’s panties through the fabric- as well as on her stockings.

“Oh, Blake…” She said sympathetically.

____

There was no horror as truly abstract and terrifying as that which Blake was experiencing right now. She had only barely met this girl- who she had to admit was pretty cool- and she had just wet herself. She was standing there, in the middle of the Emerald Forest, a student at one of the most prestigious Huntsmen academies in the world, in wet pants.

“I’m so sorry!” Blake shouted, hearing Yang acknowledge her, “I didn’t mean to. This isn’t a normal thing. Please believe me!” She begged. She was filled with the dismal feeling that the other girl would never understand what really happened.

Blake could feel tears welling up in her eyes, so she shut them tight and turned away.

That’s when the wet huntress felt something unexpected. There was something heavily resting on her shoulders, and a warm presence in front of her.

“Oh, Blake,” Yang reiterated, “It’s okay. Accidents happen. I mean, I didn’t make it out of this completely dry, either.”

Blake then opened her eyes and looked at the face of her partner. Where she expected to see disappointment or derision, she instead saw a warm, patient smile. It was the most strangely reassuring thing Blake had seen in her life. Something about that look made her immediately feel much better.

Blake almost burst into tears again, but this time of joy. She buried her face in Yang’s chest. Blake then felt her partner’s arms wrap around her in a strong embrace.

This lasted for just a second before Yang let go and pulled back.

“Really, don’t worry. I mean, I had to carry around a spare pair of pants for my sister until she was, like, thirteen.” Yang said in a much lighter tone.

Blake looked up just in time to see Yang cover her mouth, eyes wide with realization.

“But don’t tell her I said that, okay?”

“No worries.” Blake said quietly, “Just don’t tell anyone about this and we’re even.”

“Believe me; I’m in no hurry to share this story.”

Blake took a deep breath and looked herself over again. She was a mess. Unfortunately, she couldn’t really do anything about it. She didn’t have a change of clothes out here, and she couldn’t exactly go running around with nothing on below the belt.

“I really hope this dries before we see anyone else.” Blake commented, trying to lighten the mood.

“It dries faster than you think. Especially if you stay in the sunlight.”

“Well, we should probably get going.”

“Right.” Yang said, enthusiastically.

“Oh, hey.” Yang spoke up as the girls turned to resume their journey, “Cute panties, by the way.” She added with a goofy smile and a wink.

Blake glared at her, but the smile on her face betrayed the fact that she wasn’t entirely serious. One thing was certain: this was bound to be an interesting year.

