The Assistant

Author: Anubis

*000*2013-10-06 17:03

This is a story I recently thought about writing. I've got one chapter finished and I hope that it brings joy to whoever reads it. After reading this, when commenting, I would like to see any criticism, ideas, tips, and suggestions for later on in the story that you might have. Without further ado, here's the story!

1

Danielle drove around the parking lot, looking for a parking space, but the employee parking lot was nearly filled. It was her first day of work at Andrews Corp. and she had been slowed down by traffic, so she was running behind. What was worse, her bladder was half full from the two cups of tea she had that morning and she knew there was no way she would have enough time to pee before the day started.

Finally, Danielle found a parking space. “Yes!”

As quickly as she could, Danielle parked in the space and shut off her car. She glanced at her watch and grabbed her purse. The time was 7:50 am and she only had ten minutes to get to the top floor where her office was. She still had to pick up her ID card and take the elevator. She hoped she would make it in time.

Once she was out, Danielle slammed her car door shut and locked all of the doors with a button on her key ring. With her purse in hand, she hurried towards the front steps of the building. She was going to be the personal assistant of Katherine Andrews, the sole owner of Andrews Corp. and the wealthiest woman in Lewisville. Though Danielle felt nervous, she was very excited about her new job. She really needed the high pay that she was offered for the position, as it would help a great deal with paying her rent, car payments, and other important expenses.

Danielle entered the main lobby and hurried towards the front desk where a friendly-looking man in a black business suit and red tie was waiting. Luckily, there was no line.

Thank goodness! Danielle thought.

The man behind the desk smiled at Danielle when he saw her and he looked her up and down with his eyes. She was wearing a gray business jacket and a gray skirt. The skirt hung down to her knees, revealing her lovely, tanned legs. She had lovely, shoulder-length brown hair, which covered the shoulder strap of her purse, which hung from her right shoulder.

“May I have your driver’s license please?” the man asked.

Danielle nodded and reached into her purse. “Yes, I’ll get it.” She pulled it out and handed it to the man.

While waiting to receive her ID card, Danielle quickly glanced around at all of the people in the lobby. She saw a lot of men and women of various skin tones and skin types, wearing their own business attire. The lobby itself was lit with fancy-looking light fixtures in the ceiling, several feet above, and filled with small tables covered with magazines and brochures containing information about Andrews Corp, dark-blue leather chairs, and pots holding green plants with large leaves, to give it a welcoming feel.

“Here you go,” the man behind the desk said.

Danielle returned her attention to him and thanked him as she took her ID card and her driver’s license from him. She shoved her license back into her purse and hurried around the desk, towards the hallway that led to the elevators. As she hurried through the hallway, she quickly glanced at her watch. The time was 7:56 am.

Up ahead, a man wearing a blue t-shirt and gray khakis walked into one of the elevators and Danielle glanced up as he got in.

“Hold the elevator!” Danielle cried.

Hearing her voice, the man turned around and held the doors open with one hand so she could get in.

“Thank you!” Danielle said as she slipped inside. “I was afraid I was going to be late!”

David let the doors close and held out his hand to Danielle. “My name’s David.”

Danielle took his hand and shook it, taking in his brown eyes, dark, wavy brown hair, the small, dark patch of hair directly underneath his lower lip, and his handsome face. “I’m Danielle.”

“Are you new here?” David asked.

Danielle nodded. “Yes. Today is my first day as Katherine Andrews’ assistant.”

David raised both of his eyebrows and grinned. “Well, I hope you can handle the job. She really cracks the whip. She’s also very strict about not letting her assistants leave their office between break times. Her last two assistants couldn’t handle it. One of them wet herself in the lobby. The other one quit and threatened to press charges for sexual abuse, but never went through with it.”

A look of disgust appeared on Danielle’s face when she heard about the employee wetting herself in the lobby. “Ew. The assistant who wet herself should have managed her time better. There are breaks during the day and if she didn’t use them wisely, then it was her own fault that she humiliated herself.”

David frowned and shook his head at Danielle. “You’re cold. That remark of yours made me feel a chill on my spine.”

Just then, the elevator stopped on the sixth floor and the doors opened.

“Well, this is where I get off,” David said. “Don’t freeze the elevator and cover the cables with sleet once I’m gone.”

David left the elevator and the doors closed behind him. Danielle quickly pressed the button for the twelfth floor and found herself regretting the comment she made as she glanced at her watch. She only had one minute to get to her office and she knew that whether or not she made it in time, she would not be able to pee until her first break and that wasn’t until ten. By then, she knew she would really need to go.

*005*2013-10-07 12:14

{{:

Great so far!

My only critique is, sometimes you could of just used pronouns for danielle

}}

Thank you, I'll keep that in mind.

{{:

Another great storyline rife with potential for desperation and wetting, i'm sure.

I must say that i admire your ambition; keeping one of these going is hard enough, much less two different ones at the same time !

Best of luck, and looking forward to the next installment.

}}

It does have a lot of potential, but I still have troubles with using some words and/or names way too often. That's something I still need to get better at, but that will get better eventually. It looks like this one is turning out to be quite a hit though.

*008*2013-10-08 01:52

2

The elevator doors parted and Danielle rushed out into the hallway on the twelfth floor. She walked about ten feet and then went left, around a corner, where she came to a security station. There was a small doorway in the middle of the hall and standing to one side was a security guard in uniform. The security guard was very tall and very muscular. He had black skin and a short moustache above his upper lip. Hanging from his belt was a can of pepper spray, though he definitely didn’t need it.

He looks like he could wrestle with a lion and win, Danielle thought as she approached him.

Beside the guard, on the right side of the doorway was an ID card scanner. The guard crossed his arms and watched as Danielle swiped her card through. A green light appeared on the scanner and the guard motioned for her to continue on. With a friendly smile at the guard, she hurried past, around a sharp curve, towards the doors that led to Katherine Andrews’ office. She pulled them open from the outside and walked in.

Across the room from Danielle was Katherine Andrews, looking out at the city through the glass wall at the back of her office. From where she was, a person could see all of the skyscrapers behind Andrews Corp., as well as the small businesses beyond them. The floor of Katherine’s office was covered with dark-blue tiles, with little speckles of brown on them, and all around the walls of her office were small statues, sitting on three-foot tall, white stands.

Katherine glanced down at her watch and saw that the time was exactly 8:00 am. She smirked and turned around to look at her new assistant. “Well, you made it at the last second, so I won’t be firing you on your first day.”

Danielle nodded. “I tried so hard to get to my office on time. I even left home early, but the traffic, it slowed me down and-”

Katherine’s smirk disappeared and her face became expressionless. “Don’t make excuses for not being in your own office at eight. You made it here and I’m willing to let it go for today. Besides, I’m still interested in seeing how good of an assistant you are.”

Danielle nodded. “Thank you Miss Andrews.”

Katherine motioned for Danielle to follow. “Come with me Danielle.”

The two of them walked through a side doorway, to the right of Katherine’s desk, where a second, smaller office was located. The floor of Danielle’s office had the same floor tiles as the larger room just outside. There was a desk at the center of the room with a row of filing cabinets against the wall behind it. Sitting on the top of the desk was a laptop computer, a Personal Data Assistant, a box of tissues, a phone, a twenty oz. bottle of water, and a sign with Danielle’s full name on it.

For a moment, Danielle forgot about her bladder as she took a seat behind her very own desk and set her purse on the floor. She was so excited to have her own office right beside Katherine’s. With a smile on her face, she opened up the laptop, ready to begin the work day.

Katherine pointed at the bottle of water. “That is a gift from me to you. I hope you accept it as my way of welcoming you to the corporation.”

Danielle glanced at the bottle and then remembered that she would need to use the restroom very soon. The urgency of the situation she would soon find herself in made the idea of drinking the water extremely unappealing. “Miss Andrews, thank you for the water, but I’m fine. I don’t really need it.”

Katherine frowned. “It’s a gift. It would be rude of you not to accept it and enjoy it. I can’t have you drying up and withering away on me.”

Not wanting to upset her boss, Danielle picked up the bottle and unscrewed the cap. She took a large gulp and the cold water felt good as it went over her tongue and down her throat. “Thank you Miss Andrews,” she said.

Katherine smiled as she watched Danielle put the cap back on the bottle and set it on the tile floor underneath her desk. “Well, I hope your first day goes well. On your computer is a file with a list of phone numbers for you to call. They are the numbers of small-business owners throughout the Lewisville area and I want you to call them to confirm our meetings with them tomorrow. I am expecting a few phone calls myself, so I need to be sure that you will answer them.”

As Katherine turned away, Danielle decided to ask her a quick question. “Um, Miss Andrews? Where is the restroom on this floor?”

Upon hearing the question, a wicked smile appeared on Katherine’s face and she replied without turning around. “It’s right outside my office, just to the right of the doorway. If you need it, you’ll just have to wait until your first break.”

Danielle found it odd that Katherine answered her question without looking at her. She watched with one eyebrow raised as Katherine left the room and returned to her own desk. Knowing how the next two hours were going to turn out, she thought about asking to use the restroom but was certain that the answer would be no.

Then, Danielle’s phone rang and she quickly answered. “Hello, this is Danielle Smith, Katherine Andrews’ assistant. How may I help you?”

It was a small-business owner on the phone, calling to reschedule a meeting that Miss Andrews had with him that day for Thursday, which was three days away. Holding the receiver between her head and shoulder, she quickly opened up the meeting schedule for that whole week, on her computer, and looked for a time when the meeting could be rescheduled.

“How about Thursday, at two in the afternoon?” Danielle asked. “Would that work for you?”

“Yes, that should be fine.” replied the man on the phone.

Danielle smiled and quickly rescheduled the meeting. “Miss Andrews and I will see you then. Have a nice day.”

Once the conversation was over, Danielle hung up the phone and quickly opened up the file with the list of phone numbers Katherine told her about. One by one, she called the numbers to confirm the meetings. After that, she looked at her PDA and found that for that morning, she had quite a few projects to do. She had to create five different presentations using graphs and charts, which would take up half of her day.

Well, at least I’ll be able to keep busy until my break gets here, she thought, hoping that the time would pass by quickly.

After getting through the phone calls, Danielle got right to work on the presentations. Every few minutes, she saved her work and glanced at the clock on the wall.

As the minutes ticked by, Danielle’s bladder continued to gradually fill. She also found herself feeling thirsty while working and she took a few more sips from the bottle of the water she had been given. The water that she drank added to the flow of liquid through her system.

By nine thirty, she was bouncing her knees up and down and found that her bladder was really distracting her. Oh god, how can I concentrate on my work when I need to pee? The break better hurry up and get here!

When her break was only five minutes away, Danielle was half-way through the second presentation. Knowing that relief was just minutes away distracted her even more, but she continued working anyway.

When the first break of the day came, Danielle heard a beeping sound come from Katherine Andrews’ desk. She stood up, happy that break time had arrived. She watched as Katherine stood up as well and walked towards the doors that led into the hall quickly.

Well, it’s time to pee! Danielle thought excitedly. She left her office and followed Katherine Andrews to the restroom. As her boss walked in and closed the door, she looked to the right and sure enough, there was the restroom, just like she had been told. On the door was a sign that let her know that it was for both sexes to use.

Filled with anticipation for her needed relief, Danielle knocked on the door. “Hello? Miss Andrews, how long will you be in there?”

After a few seconds of silence, she heard Katherine’s voice coming out from the other side. “I’m going to be in here a while.”

“How long will you be in there?” Danielle repeated.

“Probably for the entire break,” Katherine replied. “You should try the lobby restrooms.”

Thinking that was a good idea, Danielle hurried through the hall, towards the security station. She found that the large security guard was no longer there, so she hurried to the elevator doors, which were closed. She quickly pressed the down button and waited for the elevator. While waiting, she quickly glanced at her watch and found that she only had eight minutes left before her ten-minute break was over.

“Please hurry elevator,” Danielle whispered. Luckily, just as she spoke, the doors opened and she slipped inside. She pressed the button for the first floor and the elevator went down, towards the lobby.

After a short ride, the elevator stopped on the bottom floor and she hurried out. Luckily, the restrooms were not far away. At the end of the hallway, just behind the front desk, there was a sign for the restrooms. She hurried towards the sign, turned to the right, and saw a short hall that led to the relief she needed. She hurried into that little hallway and squeezed past two men who were on their way out.

I hope there’s space in there, Danielle thought. She pushed the door open for the ladies’ restroom and when she walked inside, her eyes opened wide with horror. All three of the cubicles were filled and there was a line of women waiting to get inside.

*009*2013-10-09 00:55

3

With five minutes of his ten-minute break left to go, David was sitting in the Break Room, munching on some potato chips. He was sitting all alone at one of the round tables. At each of the other two tables two people were seated, having conversations. David didn’t really notice the other people in the Break Room, however, as he was deep in thought, thinking about Danielle.

As he thought about his encounter with her in the elevator, he wondered if she had to pee yet and how badly she needed to go. He pictured that cute lady with the shoulder-length, brown hair and the sexy business outfit, sitting in her little office on the top floor, with her legs crossed and her hands pressed tightly into her crotch. As he thought about it, he felt a bulge form on the front of his khakis.

“Hey, what are you doing at this table all alone?” a male voice suddenly asked, snapping David from his thoughts. He looked up and saw a coworker slide back a chair and take a seat across from him.

“Um, I was thinking about something,” David replied.

The guy in front of David had no hair on his head and was quite scrawny. He wore the same exact uniform as David since they both worked together in their apartment. He had a grin on his face as he took a seat. “It looked like you were trying to burn a hole in the table with your eyes. Were you thinking about that girl that you were with in the elevator?”

A grin appeared on David’s face and he nodded. “Yeah Mike, that’s what I was thinking about.”

Mike folded his arms on the table and raised both of his eyebrows, which only had a little bit of light-colored hair on them. “I wonder what Miss Andrews is doing to her up above us.”

David shook his head. “I don’t know. I can only imagine what she might be doing to her.”

Mike laughed. “I wonder if the new girl is going to wet herself in the lobby like Andrews’ last assistant. It would certainly be a sight to see!”

David nodded and once again imagined Danielle in a desperate situation. In his mind, he pictured her pacing about her office, with her legs pressed together and her hands buried between her thighs, trying not to soak her panties. He thought about her biting her lower lip with an expression of panic on her face.

The bulge on the front of David’s khakis grew as he became even more aroused. He fantasized about seeing Danielle hurry out of her office, towards the restroom, while streams of pee flowed down her beautiful thighs, into her high heels.

Suddenly, Mike waved his right hand in front of David’s face. “Dude, are you still with me?”

David seemed as if he was coming out of a daze when he nodded. “Yeah, I’m still with you.”

Mike looked at David with a puzzled expression. “If I didn’t know any better, I’d say that you were daydreaming. Are you still fantasizing about the girl from the elevator?”

David frowned and shook his head. “No, absolutely not! I’m not fantasizing about her. That would be, like, um…”

Mike smiled at David and chuckled. “Don’t lie to me dude. You would have started drooling all over yourself if I hadn’t snapped you out of your trance.”

David blushed a little and smirked. “Alright, yes, I admit it. I was fantasizing about her.”

Mike opened his eyes wide and gasped sarcastically. “Were you fantasizing about the new girl wetting herself and being punished by Miss Andrews for doing it, you kinky dog you?”

David put a hand over his face and sighed. For some reason, Mike took that as a yes.

“Hehe, you were!” Mike cried. “Well, I’m going to get back to my cubicle, so you can go back to leaking in your pants over the new girl getting punished by her boss for wetting her knickers.”

Mike got up and left David alone. The interruption had killed David’s arousal, but it soon returned when he resumed his daydreaming. Since Katherine was in her early forties and Danielle in her early twenties, he could easily imagine the two of them being in a D/S relationship in which Danielle was hired to please her boss.

In his fantasy world, he imagined Katherine sitting on her chair, in front of her desk, with her feet up, on Danielle’s back, filing her nails. He saw Danielle holding her crotch with one hand while using her knees and her other hand to hold herself up underneath her boss’s legs.

“Miss Andrews, please let me go pee,” Danielle begged. “I’m dying for a wee and I feel like my bladder is going to explode!”

“No you may not,” Katherine replied. “Now shut up and let me concentrate on my nails. If you speak without permission again, I’ll bend you over my knee and spank you!”

“But Miss Andrews, I can’t hold it…”

David’s eyes opened wide and the wooden table top in front of him blurred as he imagined Danielle losing control of her bladder. He thought about her pee soaking her panties and running down her legs, where it formed a puddle on the floor around her knees.

“You naughty girl!” Katherine cried. “I ought to spank you for not holding your pee like a big girl!”

In David’s undershorts, a wet spot started to form due to his extreme arousal. He pictured Katherine get up and throw Danielle some towels to clean up her pee with. Just as Katherine walked behind her desk and retrieved a wooden paddle, he heard a bell. It was time to return to his cubicle.

“Damn,” David said under his breath.

He crushed up the bag of chips he had and threw it in the wastebasket between the two vending machines behind him. He got up and walked out of the break room, towards his cubicle, ready to return to answering calls from people in other departments with complaints about their computers and printers not working. Though he liked working in the Computer Repair Department, he was still irritated that his job had interrupted his trip through Fantasy Land.

*011*2013-10-09 22:26

{{:

Great story so far, please continue.

}}

I'm glad you like it! Thanks for the comment.

*013*2013-10-10 02:04

4

Only four minutes left! Danielle cried inside of her mind. Though the line had gone down a little bit and there were only two women ahead of her, she feared that she wouldn't make it into the cubicle in time to relieve herself and return to her office before the break was over.

In one of the cubicles, she heard a lady in there talking to someone quietly, possibly on the phone. In another, she heard farting sounds and her face contorted from disgust at the sound. Only one of those three women was actually peeing and the sound of her pee falling into the water underneath her had Danielle bending slightly at the waist and squeezing her thighs together.

What am I going to do now?

For a second, she thought about it and realized that the best option was to return to the top floor and hope that Katherine was no longer using the restroom.

After a moment of indecision, a very worried Danielle bit her lower lip, quickly slipped out of the restroom, and rushed back to the elevator. As she got inside, a man with gray hair and a short gray beard and a woman with long, red hair followed her in and the woman pressed the button for the fifth floor.

No, I can't wait for all of your stops! If I don't pee before the break is over, then I'll be bursting by the time lunch gets here!

When the elevator stopped on the fifth floor, the woman got out. The man was about to push the button to his floor, but being a gentleman, he motioned for Danielle to use the panel on the wall instead.

“Thank you,” Danielle told him.

The man smiled at her in response, but said nothing as she jammed her finger into the button for the twelfth floor. When the elevator began to rise, the man was standing behind Danielle and he saw her shaking her knees as she stood with her back towards him. He raised an eyebrow and grinned. “You must be Katherine Andrews' assistant.”

Danielle nodded and smiled at him. “Yes, that's right. How did you know?”

The man shrugged and tore his gaze away from her legs. “It was just a lucky guess.”

When the elevator reached the top floor, Danielle thanked the man again for letting her go first and hurried out into the hall. As she reached the security guard's station, she looked down at her watch. She only had two minutes left before the break was over.

“Hey young lady, stop and scan your card!” said a voice.

Danielle had not been paying attention to what was ahead of her and had not noticed that the security guard from earlier that morning was back in his spot. Danielle reached down as if she was about to reach her hand into her purse, but she found it was not there and she did not have her ID card with her.

Where is the card?!

She started pacing around in the hallway, thinking about where the ID card could be. Her purse was still in her office, but she didn't know where the ID card was.

“I don't have it, but if you could please let me get by-”

The guard crossed his arms. “Nope, you need your ID card.”

In frustration, Danielle put her hands on her hips. “You already saw me go through the damn hall this morning! What more do you need from me?!”

The guard smiled and chuckled. “It's company policy ma'am. ID cards are required to get through security checkpoints on all floors. For all I know, you could be Danielle Smith's twin or a triplet of hers that is here to sabotage the company.”

She looked at her watch again, saw the seconds ticking away, and started to panic.

“Sir, please, I must have left my card in my office. I really need to go to-”

“Ah, Danielle, there you are!” said a voice, cutting her off mid-sentence. Danielle looked up and the guard turned to see Katherine Andrews approaching them from around the curve up ahead. In her right hand, she held Danielle's ID card.

“I believe you left something in your office, Miss Smith,” Katherine said, with an amused grin.

“Thanks!” Danielle grabbed the card from her boss and slipped it through the scanner. She received the green light and was allowed to continue.

Glancing at her watch again, she saw that she had no more than thirty seconds to hurry into the restroom for a quick tinkle, so she hurried past the guard, but was stopped in her tracks when Katherine blocked her path.

“Miss Andrews, I need to-”

Katherine interrupted Danielle and held up both hands. “I know that you need to get to your office before you run out of time, but don't worry. If I stop you on the way there, it won't kill you to be in your office a little late. I wanted to talk to you about the work you've been doing this morning.”

Katherine turned and started walking in the direction of their offices. About to panic, Danielle hurried after her boss and attempted to plead with her to let her use the restroom.

“But Miss Andrews, I really-”

Katherine looked back at her and smiled. “I know what you're going to say. You really feel uncomfortable about me checking your work during your break. There's no reason to be uncomfortable. You've done an exceptional job.”

As the two of them approached the doors to Katherine's office, Danielle quickly glanced into the restroom. The door was wide open, the lights were on, and the throne was in plain sight, beckoning her. It was as if it was calling to her. Use me Danielle... Empty yourself into me and I shall grant you the relief you crave...

She was about to turn and go inside, but Katherine stepped in the way, touched her shoulder, and looked into her eyes with a smile. “Well, since your break is over, it's time to return to work. I expect you to continue producing the excellent-quality work that you've done so far.”

“But Miss Andrews!” Danielle cried.

She was about to ask about the restroom again, but was cut off by her boss for what seemed the millionth time, especially when she knew that she was about to find herself in a desperate situation. “Alright, alright, I won't look at your work while you're on break again. I'll let you show me what you've got done yourself. Anyway, you need to get back into your office. You never know when the phone might ring.”

Katherine guided Danielle into the office and closed the doors behind her. When she released Danielle and walked away, Danielle's jaw dropped and her heart sank. The welcoming toilet was just a few feet away, but she could not risk losing her job since she really needed the money. Instead of appeasing her upset bladder, she walked into her office, clicking her high heels on the floor tiles along the way.

*015*2013-10-11 03:17

5

Danielle glanced at her watch and it said 11:02 am. She still had an hour and twenty-eight minutes left until her lunch break. She had her legs crossed and was bouncing them up and down underneath her desk. With two presentations finished, Danielle was ready to begin working on the third, but feared that she would not be able to concentrate. All of her attention was on her bladder and the rising water level inside of it.

How am I going to make it until lunch? I need to pee so badly!

Katherine Andrews was busy working at her own desk, talking to someone through the microphone on her earpiece, while typing on her laptop computer. Danielle glanced at her and thought about asking to use the restroom, but knew she couldn't do that.

What if she says no? Danielle thought.

Suddenly, a strong urge to void the urine she was holding struck her. She shoved both hands in between her legs to press against her crotch through her business-skirt and pink panties. No! Don't leak!

Gritting her teeth, she waited approximately ten seconds for the urge to fade. When it finally did, she relaxed slightly and pulled her hands away from her lady parts. Knowing how close she had come to losing it, she sighed loudly. That was close! I almost wet myself!

Danielle glanced at her watch again and started rocking in her chair. The watch said 11:04. Why is time dragging by so slowly?!

Hoping to pass the time and draw her attention away from her increasing desperation, Danielle started working on the third presentation. This particular one was about the increase in profits for Andrews Corp. over the past few months. It appeared that Katherine Andrews had bought several small businesses and brought in quite a bit of extra cash from them, while allowing the previous owners to continue managing them.

While Danielle worked on her current project, she continued to rock back and forth in her chair and occasionally rubbed her womanhood through her panties, which were becoming quite wet from arousal. Never before had she known that being desperate to pee could be so arousing.

After a half an hour of progress, Danielle saved her work and glanced at her watch again. It said 11:34. Only one more hour, I can make it...

After fifteen more minutes of progress, Danielle saved her work again and looked at her watch. When she saw how long she still needed to wait, she moaned in frustration and bounced up and down in her chair, shaking her legs as she did so. I need to go to the restroom!

Where Katherine was sitting, she heard Danielle's moan and quickly glanced in her direction. Danielle did not notice this and Katherine looked away before she was caught looking. Danielle's desperation was plainly visible to Katherine, even though she pretended not to notice. Seeing the lovely, young lady squirming in her seat was making Katherine's gray panties quite moist.

The minutes ticked slowly by and Danielle did her best to get her work done, but no matter what she did, she could not take her attention away from the discomfort in her bladder. The strong desire to rub herself until she had a glorious orgasm wasn't helping her concentrate either.

By noon, Danielle finished the third presentation and she sighed happily that it was done. She saved her work one more time and quickly checked to make sure Katherine wasn't looking so she could rub her wet crotch through her panties again.

I wish the lunch break would hurry up and get here! Danielle thought. She glanced down and slid her butt side-to-side on her chair. She double-crossed her legs and bounced them up and down some more. When she did that, Katherine suddenly got up from her desk and approached her.

“Danielle, it's time to go,” Katherine said as she stepped in the doorway.

“Oh!” Danielle cried. Her eyes opened wide and she blushed, fearing that her boss had seen her squirming. “Where are we going?”

Katherine gave Danielle a stern look and planted both of her hands on her hips with a sigh. “We have a lunch meeting at twelve-thirty with a local, small-business owner. You should know about it.”

“But, you didn't tell me,” Danielle said.

Katherine pointed at the PDA sitting on the desk. “If you looked through that thing, you would know that there was a lunch-meeting scheduled for today.”

“But I rescheduled a meeting with a small-business owner that was for today for Thursday,” Danielle said. “The guy's name was Ronald Rivers.”

“Oh, well, the lunch-meeting is with Michael Springs,” Katherine said. “He hasn't rescheduled has he?”

Danielle shook her head. “No, he hasn't.”

Katherine nodded and turned away, but before she walked out, she looked back at Danielle. “Oh, just for future reference, make sure to always use that PDA and always tell me when you reschedule a meeting.”

When Danielle realized that she hadn't told Katherine about rescheduling the meeting sooner, she blushed from embarrassment. Katherine grinned when she saw Danielle's red face. “We had better get going, this meeting is important.”

When Katherine walked away, she grabbed her purse from her desk and quickly walked towards the doors of her office.

“Miss Andrews, wait!” Danielle grabbed her purse, put her PDA and ID card inside, and hurried after Katherine.

Hoping to stop at the restroom before they left, Danielle rushed out into the hall, only to see Katherine disappear around the curve up ahead.

Oh no, I can't keep her waiting! Danielle thought. She glanced at the welcoming seat inside of the restroom, needing it quite a bit more than before, but she hurried past anyway, to catch up with her boss.

When Danielle reached the guard station, Katherine was nowhere to be seen and she just about started to panic.

“Your boss hurried to the elevator without you,” the security guard said. “She was having a conversation on her earpiece, so she probably didn't notice that she was alone.”

Danielle smiled at him and thanked him before continuing towards the elevator. When she got to the elevator, the doors were closed. Sure enough, Katherine had left the top floor, not realizing that she was alone.

Come on! Danielle frantically pressed the button to call the elevator and looked over her shoulder to make sure the security guard had not followed her around the corner of the hallway. When she saw that she was alone, she crossed her legs and pressed one hand against her crotch while using the other hand to steady herself with the wall.

When the elevator doors opened, Danielle hurried inside and found that it was empty. She is probably waiting for me!

In a panic, Danielle hit the button for the bottom floor and the elevator began its journey to the lobby.

I hope I can make it to a restroom before it's too late! Danielle thought. She pressed her thighs together and placed both hands between her legs. She shook her hips side-to-side when she felt another strong urge to pee.

She wasn't paying any attention when the elevator reached the bottom floor and the doors suddenly opened. Danielle saw two men standing outside, quickly put her hands at her sides, and stood up straight, hoping they had not noticed what she was doing. As she straightened her body, a powerful spurt of pee shot out of her urethra and further dampened her panties.

“Hi,” Danielle said as she slipped past the two men, blushing a bright red.

In the lobby by the front desk, Katherine was waiting for Danielle, no longer talking to anyone. Danielle gasped when she finally saw her. “I'm sorry, I tried to follow you, but you were too fast!”

Katherine shook her head. “Don't make any more excuses! Let's go! I want to get to the meeting early!” She turned away and hurried towards a side hall that led to a door at the back of the building.

“Miss Andrews, wait!” Danielle hurried after Katherine. She desperately needed to empty her bladder, but her boss was moving along far too fast to even ask about it. When the two of them got to the back door, Katherine pushed it open and led the way outside. Danielle picked up the rear and let the door close behind her, wishing she could have stopped at a toilet.

Behind the building was a small garage, with the main door open wide, and four security guards standing in front of it. There was only one car parked inside and it was Katherine Andrews' red Porsche.

“Miss Andrews, the car is ready,” said a very tall security guard with a blonde ponytail and a short beard on his chin.

“Thanks for preparing the ride for us,” Katherine said as she entered the garage.

As Katherine got into the driver's seat, Danielle got in on the passenger side, wondering why her boss moved so incredibly fast and why she was so adamant about going to the meeting extra early.

Danielle glanced at Katherine, about to ask her if she could quickly use the restroom before they left, but Katherine started talking to someone through her earpiece before she could. “Ah, Mister Rivers, about your meeting on Thursday, at two...”

Afraid to interrupt the conversation, Danielle just looked ahead and double-crossed her legs as Katherine started the car, hoping she didn't look desperate. Having passed up the chance to use two restrooms on the way out, she hoped she could make it to the restaurant without wetting the seat underneath her.

*018*2013-10-11 12:54

{{:

Thanks for putting in the thought and time to write this in such detail.

}}

It took me a while to get it just right so that I was happy with the chapter, but when I finally got it, it was definitely worth it.

*020*2013-10-11 13:15

{{:

Simply wonderful, Anubis... i feel bad for poor little Danielle now.

She's full to bursting, and has to sit low in that red Porsche, feeling every little bump in the road thanks to a stiff sport suspension.

If she makes it to the meeting without losing it in Ms. Andrews' car, it will be a miracle... i have been there.

}}

I hope that when you were in Danielle's situation, you were enjoying it more than she is. I guess we'll just wait and see what happens to the poor girl next. But, as rough as the car ride is going to be, just wait until you see where she's going. The restaurant is going to be a very special place (it will be entirely made up though, the town, street names, and the businesses will all be made up) for us lovers of Omorashi stories.

*021*2013-10-12 12:35

6

Katherine was still talking to Mr. Rivers with when she stopped her car at the end of the parking lot driveway. She was going to turn right, onto the road, but she had to wait because of the traffic. There were so many cars passing by that it looked as if she would never make it out.

Happy that her desperation was still going unnoticed, Danielle rubbed her crotch with both hands through her skirt and panties. She was bursting, but refused to give in to her need.

You can do this Danielle, she told herself. You can hold it! You've got to!

When Katherine finally got a space, she only had a second to get out into the road and she hit the gas. The seat-belt Danielle was wearing pressed into her bladder as Katherine turned sharply to the right and pulled onto the road in front of a large, blue pickup truck, just barely avoiding a collision. The driver of the truck honked his horn at Katherine.

No! Danielle squeezed her sphincter shut with all of her might and pressed her hands against her wet pussy through the fabric of her clothing, but a spurt of pee made it past her defenses. The seat-belt was digging into the bloated water balloon inside of her, making the struggle to contain the flood quite painful.

Once the car was on the road, the seat-belt's grip on Danielle's body relaxed slightly and she pulled it away from her bladder with one hand. That was close!

“Well Mister Rivers, I've got to go,” Katherine said. “I'll see you on Thursday.”

When the conversation was over, Katherine glanced at Danielle with her eyes, but kept her head facing straight ahead. She almost giggled when she saw Danielle sitting beside her with her legs squeezed together, one hand between them, and the other holding the seat-belt away from her bladder.

“Miss Andrews, where is this meeting at?” Danielle asked. She started shaking her knees and bouncing in her seat.

“We're going to The Fountain,” Katherine replied.

When Danielle heard the name of the place, she thought of the large fountain at the center of the dining area, with a large pool around it. The water flowed out of a pitcher that was held by a naked woman made of stone. Having been to the restaurant before, Danielle remembered that the water falling into the pool below sounded like someone was peeing into the water.

At the very thought, she felt a bladder spasm and leaned forward in her seat, clenching every muscle in her body. “No!”

Katherine raised an eyebrow when Danielle cried out. “Will you be alright, Miss Smith?”

Danielle nodded and sat up, trying to act like she wasn't desperate, but she could not hide the truth. “Yes. I just really need to use the restroom. Oh god, I hope I can make it...”

Katherine pulled her car into the left turn-lane at the next intersection where there was a red light. Danielle glanced at the street sign and saw that the name of the road they were about to turn onto was Relief Avenue. She had been on that road before, but never thought much about the name. This time, seeing the name reminded her of the relief she desperately needed and her floodgates nearly burst open.

“I hope I can make it!” Danielle cried. Still leaning forward in her seat, she jammed both hands between her legs and pressed against her crotch, not even bothering to hold the seat-belt away from her bladder anymore.

Katherine had a wicked grin on her face and almost chuckled when she realized how close to bursting Danielle really was. Luckily, she had made sure that the leather seats were treated, so they were water proof, but she wasn't sure how well the seats could withstand a person emptying a full bladder on them.

“You better hold it until we get to The Fountain,” Katherine said sternly as the light turned green. She turned left onto Relief Avenue and got into the far right lane.

“I will hold it, Miss Andrews,” Danielle said. “I will make it.”

Katherine stopped the car at another red light and quickly glanced at Danielle, who was rubbing her crotch with both hands. The very sight made Katherine extremely horny and she wanted to rub herself as well.

Danielle was hit by another bladder spasm and she groaned loudly. She tightened up all of her muscles, but couldn't stop her pee from escaping. It flowed through her urethra and she fought to regain control of her bladder as she peed for nearly five seconds. The partially diluted urine soaked her panties and a few droplets made their way out the sides of her panties and ran over the skin on her thighs.

“Oh no!” Danielle cried. “I peed a little! I hope I didn't get my skirt wet!”

Between Katherine's legs, up underneath her black business-skirt, her clitoris was pushing out through the wet material of her gray panties. Knowing that her lovely assistant had lost control of her bladder, for a few seconds, made her want to rub her clit until she gasped from pleasure. Instead, she kept her eyes on the red light, not wanting Danielle to know how much she enjoyed her desperation.

Once she stopped the flow, Danielle was able to maintain control of her bladder better, though she still continued to fidget in her seat. She watched the red light ahead and wished it would hurry up and turn green so she could get to a restroom and find relief.

When the light at last turned green, Katherine sped off down Relief Avenue, passing pharmacies, gas stations, fast-food restaurants, and party stores. Danielle bounced her legs up and down, afraid that there would be a visible wet spot on the back of her skirt when she got out of the car.

Soon, the two of them stopped at another light, this time, Katherine was turning right to get onto Pleasure Road. What was interesting about this street was that it led right into the parking lot of The Fountain, where the two lanes split off from each other. At the end of the road, the right lane became the parking lot entrance and the left was the parking lot exit. There were also a few businesses in between the intersection where they were and The Fountain, so there was still a five minute drive from there to the restaurant.

When the light turned green, Katherine turned and the right, front tire dipped down into a small hole in the pavement, at the corner of the intersection, and the car bounced as the tire rose up out of the hole. This sudden bump irritated Danielle's bladder and she clenched her sphincter to remain in control. “Oh god...”

Katherine glanced at Danielle with an amused grin on her face. “Are you going to make it Miss Smith? I know that little hole can be a bitch sometimes. Someone ought to fix it soon.”

Danielle relaxed a little and nodded. “Yes, but please don't go over any more holes!”

Katherine returned her attention to the road and Danielle looked out the window, on her side, and watched all of the small auto-shops and tire stores they passed go by, before their lane became the entrance to the parking lot of The Fountain.

“Well, here we are!” Katherine announced. “Once we're in, hurry up and get to the restroom. I'll go to the table that we have reserved for the meeting and wait for you. You have five minutes to get in and out of the restroom.”

Danielle bit her lower lip and looked at the large restaurant up ahead. She had only been in that place once and didn't remember where the restrooms were, since it had been years since she was last there. All she remembered was the fountain and the sound that the water falling into the pool at the base made. “Yes ma'am. Thank you!”

Katherine soon found a parking space, pulled into it, put the car into park, and shut off the vehicle. Danielle fumbled with her seat-belt buckle as she tried to free herself. Since she was so close to being able to release the pee she had been holding all morning, her urgency increased and she was bursting again.

Katherine got out of the car first and then Danielle unhooked her seat-belt. As she got out, she flung the passenger door open, nearly hitting the edge of the door on the side of a van that was parked beside the car.

“Shit!” Danielle cried. She grabbed the door mid-swing, just before it hit the other vehicle, and got out.

Katherine glared at Danielle as she got out and shut the door. “Watch what you're doing!”

Using the button on her key chain to lock the doors, Katherine watched while Danielle did a pee dance beside the car, before hurrying towards the front door of the restaurant.

Yes, I'm going to make it! Danielle thought as she left her boss in the dust. She pushed the front door open and found herself in a waiting area where there was already a line of ten people waiting to be seated. Apparently the restaurant was quite busy.

In a hurry, Danielle hurried past the line, to look for the restrooms, but was stopped by a hostess who was about to seat three of the people from the line. “Miss! Please return to the back of the line and wait to be seated!”

Danielle looked at the lady and just about panicked when the sound of the falling water from the fountain met her ears. It really does sound like pee falling into the water!

“Ma,am, I really need to find the restroom!” she cried. However, the hostess had already turned away from Danielle and led the group of three towards a table on the far side of the restaurant. It appeared as though she didn't even hear what Danielle said.

In the line of people that were still waiting to be seated, three of them were women and the other remaining four were men. All of the men and one of the women snickered when they saw how desperate Danielle was.

I can't wait until it's my turn to be seated! Danielle thought. Instead of returning to the back of the line, she continued making her way into the dining area.

She shuffled towards the fountain at the center of the room and looked around at all of the tables throughout the dining area, most of which were filled, hoping to see the restroom sign over the tops of the rows of booths to her right. She didn't see it. Where is it? Where?!

The sound of the flowing water was really getting to Danielle and she bent forward and grabbed her knees. She felt a strong bladder spasm and fought to maintain control while waiting for it to pass.

She frantically glanced around again, hoping to see the sign and that is when she finally saw it, on the other side of the fountain, through the falling water, on the far back wall. Yes, I found it!

In her excitement, Danielle nearly lost control of her bladder as she hurried around the fountain, towards the restroom. Relief was just seconds away and she imagined herself going into a cubicle, taking a seat, and letting all of the liquid inside of her bladder flow.

*023*2013-10-13 20:19

{{:

This story is making me desperate... in more ways than one.

OMG...

}}

This story has been doing that to me since I started.

*024*2013-10-15 02:47

7

Katherine walked into The Fountain and noticed a line of seven people waiting to be seated. She quickly glanced around, but saw Danielle nowhere. Damn, she probably made it to the restroom in time. Now I won't be able to see her squirming anymore.

As she got in line, she sighed and imagined her assistant in a cubicle, sitting on a toilet, sighing as her pee gushed out of her body. The image brought a smile to her face.

Up ahead, the hostess returned to the waiting area and took four of the seven people towards a table. Katherine glanced at her watch quickly. She still had fifteen minutes left until the meeting with Michael Springs.

After a few minutes passed, the three remaining people in front of her were seated and she found it odd that Danielle wasn't out of the restroom yet. I gave her five minutes to be in and out, so she better remember that!

With her arousal fading, Katherine became annoyed. She waited for the hostess to return and looked at the fountain, straight ahead, unable to see the restrooms, since it blocked her view. Folding her arms, she started tapping one foot on the faint, yellow tiles underneath her. She looked at her watch again, becoming more annoyed that Danielle wasn't back yet. What the hell?

Katherine reached one hand up and started to rub her lips with her fingers when she finally saw Danielle returning from the other side of the fountain. She was hurrying towards her and she looked quite worried.

Hmm, what is wrong, my sweet little assistant?

“Miss Andrews!” Danielle cried as she joined Katherine in her wait to be seated.

“Well, now that you're back from the restroom, it looks like it's time to get to a table,” Katherine said with a smirk on her face. “I assume you made it in time.”

Danielle had her legs pressed together and she bent forward at the waist slightly and bent her knees. “Um, Miss Andrews, that is what I need to talk to you about.”

“A table for two?” a voice asked. It was the hostess. Danielle was facing away from her and she stood up straight and turned around, looking quite nervous, as the hostess startled her.

Katherine smiled at the hostess and shook her head. “No, there are four of us, but the others have not arrived yet. I have a table reserved for a lunch meeting.”

The hostess smiled. “Name please?”

“I'm Katherine Andrews and this is my assistant, Danielle Smith,” Katherine replied. “Our table is right in front of the fountain.”

Danielle glanced at the fountain and the empty table, which sat directly in front of it, and her face turned red, but the hostess turned away too soon to notice and led the two of them to the table.

Danielle still needs to pee, Katherine thought. She started to become horny again as she wondered what could have prevented Danielle from getting into the restroom.

When the two of them got to their table, Katherine pulled out a chair and took a seat so that the fountain was to her right. Danielle pulled out another chair across from her, so the fountain was on her left.

On the round table, at the center, was a small rack, which held little pamphlets with images of delicious meals on the outside, containing information about special meals, a salt and pepper shaker, and a rack that held six menus.

“A server will be with you shortly, please wait,” the hostess said. “Thank you for coming to The Fountain!”

Once the hostess walked away, Danielle glanced at the fountain beside her with a look of horror on her face. Katherine became extremely horny when she saw Danielle biting her lower lip and rocking back and forth in her chair. She didn't look under the table, but figured that the worried-looking girl had her legs crossed and her hands pressed against her crotch.

Katherine grinned. “So, did you make it to the restroom?”

Danielle shook her head. “No, I didn't. I-”

Katherine narrowed her eyes and cut her off before she could explain. “You were screwing around, weren't you? You had a chance to do what you needed, but you didn't do it.”

Katherine kept her face expressionless and spoke sternly, but in her mind, she wanted to burst out laughing. It's so fun to interrupt you and you look so cute when you try to explain. 'But... But...' Then I interrupt and put words in your mouth that you didn't even want to say.

Danielle closed her eyes tight and clenched her jaw as she appeared to be struggling to hold back a leak. Eventually, she regained enough control that she could speak again. “But-”

Katherine held up a hand and cut Danielle off again. “No, I don't want to hear any excuses! I gave you a chance and you squandered it. I'll give you another chance after the meeting and you better not squander that as well. If you open your mouth again, there better not be any excuses coming out because I won't listen.”

That is when a waiter approached the table, carrying a notepad. “Hello there ladies. My name is Kevin. Are you ready to order some drinks?”

Katherine looked up at him and smiled. “Yes, we're ready. We'll both have water.”

“Alright then, are you ready to order your meals too?”

Katherine shook her head. “No, we're going to wait until the two people we're waiting for get here.”

“Alright then, I'll be back with your drinks.” The waiter left the two of them alone and Katherine looked back at Danielle, who had her eyes closed tight and was grunting quietly.

“Oh, come on now,” Katherine said. “If you were really that desperate, then you wouldn't have screwed around.”

“But Miss Andrews-”

“I said no excuses!” Katherine snapped. “You may use the restroom again at the end of the meeting and you better take the chance I gave you and use it!”

Katherine wanted to laugh when Danielle's jaw dropped and she looked at her with wide eyes. I wonder what's going on in that pretty girl's head. Hmm... 'You're so unfair, Miss Andrews! Why won't you listen to me? I'm trying to explain, Miss Andrews!'

“But Miss Andrews,” Danielle whined. “I'm not making excuses, the restroom-”

Katherine scowled at her. “What did I say?”

The look that she gave Danielle frightened the poor girl and she shut her mouth immediately. Though Katherine was determined not to let her assistant explain, she still wanted to know what it was she was trying to tell her. I wonder if the restroom was out of order or something... Ooh, that would be the cherry on top of a perfect morning!

Katherine grabbed a menu and started to look through it, but she kept glancing up at Danielle, who was suffering in silence. She was gritting her teeth and twisting her torso around slightly, with her hands under the table. Katherine tried to imagine how close to bursting the girl really was. She imagined liquid escaping Danielle's pee hole and soaking her panties as she struggled to contain the flood. She imagined the lovely, wet pussy across from her, glistening with lady juice and urine, as Danielle's lovely hands rubbed the inner lips and her fingers pressed over the opening of the urethra.

The waiter returned with two glasses of water, four straws in their wrappers, and four sets of silverware, wrapped in napkins, on a large tray. He set all of the objects from the tray on the table. “Here you go ladies.”

Katherine grabbed her glass of water and pulled it closer, causing the ice inside to jiggle and bounce around in the water. Danielle smiled at the waiter and did the same.

Katherine looked up from her water, at Danielle, and saw beads of sweat glistening on her forehead. She is so close to the end of her struggle! How long will she make it?

“Are you alright?” the waiter asked, looking at Danielle with a raised eyebrow.

Before Danielle could reply, Katherine answered for her. “She is not feeling very well today, unfortunately. She's going through a lady thing.”

The waiter formed an O with his mouth and then walked away, feeling awkward for even asking.

Danielle groaned quietly and gasped. “Miss Andrews... Please...” She glanced at the fountain beside her and then down at her glass of ice water in horror. She was clearly about to lose control, very soon.

Katherine looked at the fountain as well. She listened to the sound of the water falling into the pool, beneath the pitcher in the stone girl's hands. It sounds like pee falling in there. No wonder the girl is suffering so much.

Danielle moaned softly and for a moment, Katherine started to feel bad about what she was doing to the poor thing. She thought about saying, 'I'm sorry Danielle. Why is it that you could not get in the restroom? You may tell me without consequence.'

The idea of allowing Danielle to explain her situation caused a quiet voice in her mind, that had been silent for decades, to resurface. Let the poor girl explain and help her find a restroom. You know how terrible it is to experience this torture. Why would you force her to go through the very same thing you went through many times?

Then, another voice appeared as Katherine's dark side reared it's ugly head. You enjoy this Katherine. Her desperation and humiliation brings joy to your heart. You can't deny that. When you want something, you must take it! If you want to be on top, you've got to be a lioness that knows how to hunt and kill her prey!

Katherine was about to listen to the first voice, when she heard the voice of Michael Springs greeting her. “Hello there Miss Andrews.”

Katherine glanced up and Michael was standing to her left, with his business partner beside him. She stood up and shook Michael's hand. Michael had a gray crew-cut and thin, gray eyebrows over his eyes. He was a little over six feet tall and his body quite wide, but he didn't look unhealthy in the least. Katherine guessed that underneath his business suit was a lot of strength and power.

Michael's business partner was quite different from Michael. His name was Tyler and he was quite a bit shorter than Michael, with long, brown hair, which was parted in the middle. He was quite scrawny and half Michael's age.

“Have a seat,” Katherine said.

Michael smiled at Katherine. “Thank you.” He took a seat to her left and Tyler took a seat on the opposite side, to her right. Once they were settled in, Tyler glanced at Danielle and smiled.

Danielle smiled back, but her smile quickly faded as her face turned red and she suppressed a groan.

“Are you alright?” Tyler asked.

“She is not feeling well,” Katherine replied. “She is having lady troubles today.”

Michael frowned and quickly adjusted his tie with his large, muscular hands. “Perhaps we should reschedule this meeting for a day when your assistant is well.”

Katherine shook her head. “No, it's fine. Isn't that right, Danielle?”

Everyone looked at Danielle and her face turned red. She looked at Katherine, then Michael, and then Tyler. She looked back at Katherine again and stared at her for a couple of seconds before giving a response. “I guess... I'll be okay... Th-thank you.”

Katherine nearly smirked when Danielle decided not to admit her problem, but she managed not to show emotion. Sorry quiet voice, but I think I'm going to be a lioness today!

Michael reached into the front of his business jacket and pulled out a folder. “Shall we begin this meeting?”

Receiving no objections, Michael set the folder on the table and opened it up. The lunch meeting had officially begun.

