Boy floods gym shorts in school

Author: BasementTzar

*000*2021-06-10 21:32

So uh, this is another story of mine that is essential a brain dump of my horniest omorashi thoughts, of which there are many. This story may actually contain anatomical mistakes or things that the human body can't actually do, and it's also a, very, um... unusual situation, so obligatory do not try this at home. And it definitely contains grammar and spelling mistakes, so be prepared for that. If you can get past those things, enjoy and let me know your thoughts!

Coming directly from gym class, Seth’s bladder practically screamed at him with every hurried step he took, But he had no time for a toilet break. He had drunk almost a gallon of liquid that morning, anticipating a chance to relieve himself after gym class, and so despite his already tender abdomen he continued to drink even more water as he worked out. He was one of the first into the restroom when class ended, but he couldn’t pee because he… he saw…

No. Don’t think about it. It didn’t matter. He couldn’t pee there, he had to hold it. He didn’t change out of his shorts but swapped his shirt out before leaving, selecting something just long enough to hide the well-defined bulge in his gym shorts which was now darkening with… sweat, definitely sweat. Nothing else it could be.

But now seth had skipped the relief he was so used to and needed so badly right then. He could barely hold on. It was obvious to every single person in the room what was going on with him. Other students began to tease him by making quiet “ssssshhhhhh”-ing sounds and “accidentally” spilling their water bottles.

Seth squeezed his cock between two straining thighs which barely held back the massive piss pressure he wanted to release right there in class. He felt pressure building. Cum or piss was filling his shaft, and he wasn’t sure which was going to come out. The image he was lusting after flashed into his brain, driving him absolutely mad, and causing his bladder send its final spasms wracking through his body.

The 18-year-old’s eyes closed, he bowed his head over his desk, and his legs quivering uselessly, his hips bucking uncontrollably as a massive spray of piss burst directly through his gym shorts, beating audibly against the underside of his desk. Seth gasped, his face turning an even deeper shade of red as the sheer momentum of the relief swept him away to a deeply shameful ecstasy, a pain that cut deeply to his core. The truth was, although he spilled piss instead of seed, Seth pissed himself filled with deep sexual lust there in the classroom, and he couldn’t control it anymore than he could control the massive spray from his cock.

Throbbing in absolute uncontrolled relief and ecstasy, much of which was clear from Seth’s expression and the drenching hard on outlined in his shorts, Seth pissed himself right there in front of his classmates, his pee splattering everywhere, dribbling down his legs, spraying across the linoleum. He couldn’t help but moan out loud with every hot, furious spray into his shorts, which seemed to be increasing in volume and intensity. He truly held at least a gallon inside of him, and the puddle grew so large students had to evacuate their desks to avoid getting their things soiled by his massive, expanding puddle. And Seth continued to moan and squirm the whole time he peed, indicating to everyone that there was more going on than just an overworked bladder. The teacher could only stand by horrified as one her students voided a truly incredible amount of urine in her classroom without even asking to go the bathroom first. If it was so bad, why didn’t he just, just go?

Still watching the massive accident unfold, seeing the sheer amount of piss splashing around his desk, and the furious, pent-up hissing sound of his cock relieving itself of its burden, the teacher came to the conclusion that this may have been a prank of some kind.

Seth’s accident lasted somewhere between three and four minutes. At least half the floor was coated in a glistening puddle. Seth wanted to die, and his erection wouldn't go away, and he felt so good yet deeply ashamed of himself, but the absolute euphoria and adrenaline of what he was doing swept over him in waves that seemed to coincide with every jet of pee from cock. He was living out his biggest fantasy, the deepest sexual release he craved, the sex dream he most commonly woke up from but wouldn't’ have dared to live out or tell anyone about until recently… oh fuck what had he done…

When he snapped out of his daze, he found himself finishing off with a mild trickle still draining into his briefs. Just about everyone was standing and staring at him in horror and disgust, not quite knowing how to react to something like that. A couple of students had started recording the incident on their phones.

And so he did the only thing he could think to do: he got up and ran, sopping wet gym shorts and all, but leaving his backpack and wallet. Which was stupid because he also had his sweater in his backpack which he could have used to cover himself, but seth wasn’t thinking clearly at all by now. He ran through the school out into the parking lot, directly to his car and threw open the driver’s side door. Once safely inside his vehicle, he gripped his now diamond-hard cock and with a couple of quick motions he came three times in rapid succession, orgasms that hit his loins like a hammer and painted his sopping wet briefs in cum.

That day, Seth had seen his classmate Charlie completely piss himself in the gym changing room after phys ed. So many people saw, but Seth felt like he saw the most of it, the way piss just poured from the young man in relentless waterfalls, the way he writhed in place and tried to stop it, the way seeing it happen in front of him sent electric tingled all along his penis.

And just like that, seth knew he couldn’t relieve himself let alone get changed in the same room as this incident now. He escaped the area just as the other boys were entering and discovering the scene. Their loud teasing made Seth’s heart beat faster because he knew all it would take would be for one of them to look down and see his throbbing erection for him to also become a target of such teasing.

Luckily the others were way too fascinated by Charlie's accident to notice Seth. Seth, who now had the most fascinating, most arousing image in his mind, an image which made his filling bladder strain even as his cock grew harder. He tried to dispel the thoughts and focus on anything else, but it lingered in the back of his mind.

Seth was convinced he could relieve himself and get changed on the first floor where his next class was, but when he reached it he saw with dawning horror and agony that it was closed up. Seth really had to pee, but he didn’t have time to find another bathroom! He couldn’t be late again and risk detention. He was going to have to head to his next class.

Shuddering in full bladder agony, Seth had to hobble off without any relief to a problem that rapidly got worse due to all the water he drank. What he didn’t anticipate was how hot and aroused he felt despite how deeply ashamed he was until it culminated in what was the most raw and sexual moment of his life despite being complete social suicide.

Seth never went back to that school, which was perfectly fine with him. It was the last week of his senior year and he was already accepted into a good college. Although wetting himself in front of everyone made him cringe to think about, it was just as well; he would never talk to any of those people again.

