Bursting at school

Author: cuteasafox

*000*2012-07-23 04:25

I woke up late for school so I scarfed down my breakfast and jumped on the bus. On the way there I noticed that I had to pee but it wasn't so bad that I couldn't wait. When we arrived at school my friend Sarah was waiting for me outside like she always does. Caught up in the conversation I forgot to go to the bathroom before class started. I didnt realize I had forgotten until I had sat down in class. My friend Shelby ran in late to class because she had stopped in the cafeteria to get her, me, and Sarah a coffee. Oh no. I didnt want to be rude so I thanked her and sipped on the coffee. Every sip was agonizing. All the orange juice from my breakfast has already settled in my bladder.

Now with ever sip of this coffee, it slowly filled up my bladder until all the coffee was gone. I was getting really desperate now, my skirt was too tight on my bladder and it made everything worse. The teacher was talking about what we will see on our next test, at least I think thats what it was about, I couldn't concentrate with my aching bladder. I started to tap my foot to hold in my pee until I got shot a dirty look by the teacher for my noisy tapping. I stopped and whispered sorry. I crossed and uncrossed my legs but that only made my skirt dig deeper into my bursting bladder. I slipped my hand under my skirt and held myself through my mesh panties. I raised my other hand and waited for the teacher to acknowledge me.

"yes, Julie" she says to me.

"uh..could I use the restroom?"

"you know the rules. You cant leave the classroom during class. Teachers cant even leave. You are going to have to hold it."

I put my hand down but continued to hold myself with the other. As time passed it only got worse. I had to concentrate on tightening my muscles so I wouldnt wet myself. I looked at the clock and quietly moaned at what I saw 45 minutes left. Can I wait that long? I didn't know. I clenched all my muscled now and kept looking at the clock. Someone bumped my chair as they went to sharped their pencil. A burst of pee shot out of me, I gasped and held myself harder. 20 minutes left. I raised my hand again

"yes Julie"

"miss...i really need to use the restroom"

"I have to use the restroom too but I cant leave either"

I couldnt wait much longer, it couldnt get any worse but then it did. The intercom started "we are going into a lockdown" said the horrid voice. My worst fear. I could tell that my teacher was getting desperate herself. I squirmed in my seat. The teacher danced around behind her desk.

"Julie" the teacher said

"..yes"

"come with me"

I slowly stood up afraid I would loose control and fallowed her. She took my straight to the bathroom. Only two stalls in their so we were next to each other. I couldnt pull my panties down fast enough. I peeked under the stall and my teachers panties were wet too.

