Space Wetters the Game (The Story of Aurora Stardust)

Author: SciFiGirl

*000*2015-01-31 06:31

With much debate to myself I came to a decision to make Space Wetters drum roll please........ Interactive!

Rules:

1 Pick a A,B,C etc options and tell me what Aurora who do next or say next in the comments the one I like every Friday gets pick with their name and what they added to the story in victory! Also a person can be pick 3 weeks in a row only after that they can't play till next week.

Example: (I pick A) Aurora then said "Oh no! I'm so sorry I peed my pants!" and ran to her quarters to change.

2 There is a bladder meter and HP points, when bladder hits 100% poor Aurora will wet herself and yes fear or other means rises "bladder meter. HP: Aurora's hit points drop to 0% Aurora would end up in medic bay. There is no death or game over in the story for Aurora she just gets embarrassment from failure.

3 ALERT! All crew members! Even though Aurora can't die other characters around her can in the story so be careful!

There is no redoes for characters that die that goes for Penny also, Aurora's off and on again girlfriend. Fear me I'm the Reaper!

4 thumbs up a comment if you like someone else's or agree with that person it would help me out a lot to make a decision.

5 If you have any suggestion or questions don't hesitate to ask in comments or message me.

6 And must of all have fun!

Special thanks to frostyjr2 for helping me with editing the original Space Wetters. Your the best girl!

Link to last Chapter of Space Wetters https://omorashi.org/story/154/entry-431-chapter-4-love-is-in-the-air-oh-i-mean-in-space/

Log one Comdr. Aurora Stardust

Bladder 0% HP 100%

Penny and I enter the elevator together, the doors close automatically I ordered the computer to go up to the bridge.

Penny stands there quietly and patiently, minutes later she turns her head towards me and smiles. Shorty after that she then turns her head way from me and looks up to watch the floor numbers count up to the bridge.

Options (don't forget to say why and type what Aurora would say next or do next in your comment)

A: Say something randomly to Penny

B: Flirt with Penny

C: Kiss Penny

D: Nothing just wait for destination

E: Your own thing to add

*002*2015-01-31 07:25

{{:

Just to make sure I'm understanding correctly... Do we just choose and option (ie, we'd comment with "B: Flirt with Penny), or do we write what we think the next part of the story should be (so a full description of how she flirts, how Penny reacts, etc)?

}}

Write what the next part of the story should be. Example: say which one you pick (B Flirt with Penny) but add something to it like (I then or Aurora then) "I then flirt with penny by saying she has nice eyes." etc.

*004*2015-02-07 00:31

What the heck two winners for the first week!

{{:

A:ask her how her day has been

}}

{{: 

Ok, I'm terrible at writing so probably won't be commenting with much then, but it sounds like a good idea potentially for when others with more ideas start to post :) For now:

B: Flirt with Penny

Aurora flirts with Penny by saying how nice she looks today

}}

Log two Comdr. Aurora Stardust

Bladder 0% HP 100%

I stared at Penny's beautiful green eyes and said "You look very nice today Penny," I flirted with her as she blushed for a bit and said.

"Oh thanks, not bad yourself cutie!" Penny giggled as she playfully pushes me.

"How was your day been so far?" I asked her with a smile, "Great of course you know that we peed ourselves and made kinky sex in the shower also we're back together which is so nice," Penny said with a paused. "I miss being together Aurora I hope this is for real this time," Penny said with a sad look on her face.

Options

A: Kiss Penny romantically to convince her that it is.

B: Say something to convince her that it is.

C: Hold her hand and convince her that it is.

D: Say something witty/sarcastic to convince her.

E: Your own thing to add.

*005*2015-02-14 04:57

Winner and only player. LOL

{{: 

D: everybody loves a witty heroine

}}

Log three Comdr. Aurora Stardust

Bladder 0% HP 100%

"Do you want some cheese with that whine Penny?" I joked making a funny face to show her I was just joking with her.

"You're such a bitch Aurora!" laughed Penny as she playfully tickles me. (Bladder 15.9%)

The elevator doors open and the captain looking at us in a very oddly way making my bladder trip. (Bladder 20.5%)

"So you two are back together or something?" asked Capt. Neil with a confused look and waving his right hand around.

Options

A: Tell the captain the truth.

B: Lie.

C: Make out with Penny and say something witty/sarcastic.

D: Your own thing to add.

*008*2015-02-21 04:43

{{: 

C:lets keep the wit train-a movin

}}

Winner! I thought it was really funny. And totally agree.

Log Four Comdr. Aurora Stardust

Bladder 20.5% HP 100%

I pulled Penny close to my body giving her a very long romantic kiss.

"Does that answer your little inquiry cap?" I joke with sarcasm, as everyone started to giggle at the hilarious scene.

"Okay ha, ha, very funny everyone get back to work!" ordered the captain, Penny and I took our sits........ All of a sudden the ship took a hit! (Bladder 25.9%)

"Who hit us?!" demanded Capt. Neil

"The Banits they founds us sir two ships ahead!" answered one of the crew members.

"Commander Stardust open fire!"

"Yes sir!" I shouted

Options

A: Fire at the ships engines.

B: Fire at the ships weapons.

C: Fire at the ships shields.

D: Fire at one of ships till it's destroyed then fire at the other one.

E: Your own thing to add.

*012*2015-02-28 02:30

Winner!

{{: 

I vote to take out their shields and then to move on to whatever is powering their ship. Those kind of things tend to be highly explosive

}}

Log Five Comdr. Aurora Stardust

Bladder 25.9% HP 100%

I fired the lasers at the two Banit's ships weakening one of them, the other was a miss.

They both fired at the ship, a spark from my console hits me on my arm. (HP damage 99%)

I fired at them again the weaker ship shields where down, the other Banit ship shields where at 89%. I fired a gamma torpedo at the weaker ship's engine room hoping it would cause a chain reaction. It worked! As the ship then exploded into nothingness. Making the other Banit ship in rage they fired with vengeance at us. More sparks shot out hitting me all over my body. (HP damage 87%)

I started to panic thinking about my next move (Bladder 40%) the captain yelling at everyone to hurry up and fits things. He turns towards me, "Aurora look alive Damn it!" he yelled at me. (Bladder 43.5%)

Options

A: Fire at the ship with lasers.

B: Fire at the ship with gamma torpedoes.

C: Fire at the ships with all you got.

D: Try to make contact with the Banit ship.

E: Your own thing to add.

*014*2015-02-28 04:12

The main story is back in fiction!

%https://omorashi.org/story/154/entry-478-chapter-5-to-much-space-iced-tea/

*017*2015-03-07 03:09

Winner!

{{: 

E: Start electronic warfare (hacking) to power down weapons.

}}

Log Six Comdr. Aurora Stardust

Bladder 43.5% HP 87%

I ordered Penny to try her hacking stills on the Banit ship.

"Aye, aye commander!" she said as she quickly goes as fast as she can on her console. The ship takes a other hit making my bladder trip really bad this time. (Bladder 70.5%)

As Penny was working hard, couple of sparks hit me and burned my skin. (HP 79%)

"Got it commander! Manage to low weapons and plus shields." Penny shouted out with a cheer as others join in as well.

The Banit ship still was trying to fire on us but noting is damaging our ship, the Banit ship is pretty much a sitting duck now! As my conscience is getting the better of me I wonder what should I do next?

Options

A: Finish them off.

B: Make contact with the Banit ship work something out.

C: Flee and leave them alone.

D: Ask Capt. Neil what to do.

E: Your own thing to add.

*023*2015-03-14 03:28

Winner!

{{: 

A. Finish them off

}}

Log Seven Comdr. Aurora Stardust

(Bladder 70.5%) (HP 79%)

I shot the lasers like crazy at the Banit ship it blew up in billion pieces. "Nice shooting Aurora!" cheered the captain "thanks sir." I said as everyone else cheered but for Penny she didn't look to happy and got up to go down the elevator.

I got up also to catch up with her.

"What's wrong Pen?" I asked in the hall ways.

"We should have spared them it wasn't right they where disarmed!" she said with a sad look on her face.

Options

A: Tell Penny she is right.

B: Tell Penny she is wrong.

C: Tell Penny you did it for her and the crew's safety.

D: Your own thing to add.

2nd options (optional after picking 1st options.)

1 Go to sick bay to heal.

2 Go to the restroom to pee.

