Inspector gadget: The Chronicles of Penny

Author: omofan77

*000*2014-12-02 04:47

A series of short stories about Penny during episodes. If you have any scenarios you want to see, in these episodes or others, let me know. More stories to follow soon.

Chapter 1: Monster Lake

In Scotland, Penny decided to set up a tracking device to study the lake. As she worked, she felt pressure on her bladder. Penny tried not to notice, but the urge to pee became strong. Finally, she had to cross her legs and hold herself. Penny could no longer think about anything else and it became even worse as she looked at the lake. "I really have to go," she thought. "What should I do?"

Penny looked around desperately. There was nothing but the trees and bushes around. "I'll have to go there," she said. She ran behind a tree, looking around to confirm she was all alone. She stood in front of the tree and grabbed her pants. A sound startled her and she looked around in alarm. Penny then saw it was just a small animal. Calming down, she returned her attention to the tree.

She unzipped her pants and pulled them down. Penny let them fall to her ankles as she lowered her underwear to her ankles as well. Then she pulled on her folds and relaxed. A powerful stream of urine flowed from her, arching waist high and splattering the base of the tree. Penny sighed in relief, glad she was alone as the peeing became louder. She allowed herself to enjoy the sensation of growing feel of relief, the freeing feeling of peeing outside and the tinking sound she made.

Finally her peeing slowed to a soft trickle, then a few drops came out and the peeing stopped. Some of Penny's pee dripped down the side of the tree into the large, foamy, yellow puddle she made. Still naked from the waist down, Penny looked around for leaves to use. She picked some leaves from a branch on the tree. "They look safe to use," she said. Penny wiped the drops of urine on her, then pulled on her underwear and pants and zipped up. She walked back, smiling, fully relieved and able to focus on her investigation.

Chapter 2: Amusement Park

At the amusement park, Penny was looking for the hidden bomb when she felt the call of nature. She decided to take a pee break and went to find a bathroom. But she saw a line for the bathroom. "Maybe if I just focus on the search, I'll be alright," she thought, walking on. But the feeling got worse as time went on. When she paused, she had to hold her legs together. "I can't think," she said. "I have to go now." She ran around the park, looking for a place to pee, but there were too many people.

Then she saw the ferris wheel. She saw she would be all alone there and she could tinkle in peace. She wouldn't normally do something so drastic, but she was too desperate to think properly. The line was short, but for Penny, it seemed to take a long time, her desperation becoming worse as minutes passed. She kept her legs discreetly together. Finally, she got on the ride. Making sure she was out of sight, Penny unzipped, then pulled her pants and underwear to her ankles and crouched down.

Penny stopped holding her pee in and let it rush out in a golden cascade. Penny sighed in relief. Then she could think properly. Getting an idea, Penny opened her computer book, letting nature to care of the rest. "I can get a better view and trace of the bomb up here," she said. The book pointed to a direction. Penny looked over the side. "There are traces of dynamite near where Uncle Gadget won the panda bear," she observed. Her peeing lasted for a bit longer, then slowed and stopped. Penny now looked at the puddle she made, wondering if she was too drastic. But there were more important things to worry about now.

She managed to wipe her vagina clean, but knew she couldn't do anything about the puddle. Penny pulled on her underwear and zipped her pants and quickly got off and ran away before anyone noticed her. She went off to the area she noticed, hopping to find the bomb in time.

Chapter 3: Volcano Island

At the beach, Penny enjoyed the success of another assignment by swimming in the ocean. After awhile, she noticed the water was affecting her bladder. She figured she would find a bathroom and went on to shore. However, there was no sign of a bathroom and Penny considered her options. "The beach is too open," she said. She looked back at the ocean and thought about letting go in the water. "No one would notice if I'm underwater," she thought.

Penny had never peed in the ocean before, but she reasoned, as she walked in, if she could pee on trees, she should learn to use the ocean. "What if I have to go during an assignment that involves the ocean?" she wondered. Penny walked around, looking for a good spot. She came to a sandbar. "It could be like going on land," thought Penny. She climbed on it and crouched down, wondering if she should pull her suit down. "It wouldn't make much difference," she figured, leaving it on.

Now Penny tried to focus on peeing. This position reminded her of peeing on land and the water hitting her increased her desperation. As she focused on the water hitting her, Penny felt a little pee hit her suit and the water started to feel warm. It was a nice feeling and Penny could pee into her suit and the ocean at full force. She enjoyed the water becoming warm and spreading around her. Penny rose a bit and the water frothed and bubbled as her stream came to the surface. She lowered herself again, finishing her pee with her vagina and stream well underwater.

Then she could no longer feel herself peeing. Penny swam back, leaving the warm spot. "I guess if I'm wearing clothes, I might as well just go in them as well," she thought. She gave it a try later, with a change of clothes nearby. Penny submergered herself and managed to pee into her underwear and pants. When she finished, she went to get changed, thinking. "At least I can go like that if I have to," she thought. "But maybe, if no one's around, I'll try aiming into the water instead if I don't have to be in the water."

Chapter 4: The Pharaoh

Penny walked across the desert to reach the Egyptain tomb. Across the way, she came upon an oasis filled with water, surrounded by green trees. Penny drank plenty of water and continued on. After awhile, she realized she drank too much too fast. Her bladder was full and Penny needed to pee. "I should have gone on the tree," she said. She looked around. There was nothing but sand in the open area. "I'll hold it until I get to town," she said.

As she walked, the urge to pee kept getting stronger. "I'm not going to make it," she said. She looked around desperately. She came to a decision. "Well, I'm all alone here and it doesn't seem likely anyone would find me here. So I'll stand and go on the sand here." Penny unzipped, then lowered her pants and underwear to her ankles. She adjusted her folds and allowed the pee she was holding in to flow out and hit the sand. Penny sighed in relief as she watched her stream arch over and hit a spot some feet in front of her, bathing a beetle and causing the sand to dampen and a bubbly, yellow puddle appeared.

As her peeing continued, Penny decided to have some fun. Moving her folds and hips, she was able to use the stream to write letters and draw shapes. She succeded in writing her name. "That could be useful," Penny thought. "It might be a good way to leave messages. I'll have to practice it more." She made sure to remember to practice writing with her pee whenever she got the chance.

Chapter 5: Gone Went The Wind

In the far north, Penny was walking through the snow to find the mad scentist's base. Even though her surroundings her cold, she still had to stay hydrated, so she drank plenty of water. Soon Penny felt the effects of drinking so much filling her bladder. "I really don't want to have go out here," she thought, knowing how cold it would be. She tried to hold it, but as the minutes passed, she realized it was hopeless. Penny weighed her options. She could go in her pants and not not expose her vagina to the cold, but knew the stain she made would freeze quickly. There was only one thing to do.

Penny took her gloves off to get a better grip as she pulled her pants and underwear down and pulled on her folds. Then a nice yellow stream flowed from her onto the white snow, painting it yellow. Penny sighed in rellief and tried to focus only on the wonderful feeling of peeing outside, but as her relief grew, the feeling of the cold became too apparent. Penny shivered as a cold wind blew against her smooth vagina and fingers. She had never felt so cold down there. "I wish I could warm up," Penny thought. Then she remembered the nice warm feeling from peeing in the ocean.

She touched the stream and felt wonderful warmth through her fingers. Penny then touched the frozen areas around her folds, causing her to feel nice and warm down there. As Penny relaxed, able to enjoy the fun of peeing outside, she remembered the idea of writing with her urine and practiced. Moving her body around, Penny was able write in yellow letters "I love peeing, Penny." Then she traced a heart around "love." With a laugh, Penny finished, wiping herself clean, and got dressed, continuing on her way.

Chapter 6: Unhenged

Penny was captured near Stonehedge. Although she was able to escape, the anixiety of the experience was too much for her bladder. Already, Penny was having trouble thinking about anything but peeing. She looked around for ideas but the only thing she could hide behind was one of the stones. "I can't go on something so old," she thought. She tried to think of something else, but came up with nothing. "I can't take this anymore," she said. "There's no other choice," She got behind a stone and unzipped her pants and brought them and her underwear to her ankles as she crouched down.

She remembered the saying when you gotta go, you gotta go and with that in mind, Penny relaxed and peed onto the stone, watching it drip down the side onto the ground. Penny justified this, remembering another saying which stated peeing is normal and a natural thing and nothing to ashamed of. Penny had used this philosphy a lot, not minding tinkling anywhere outside. She had even come to accept this was a very fun thing to do and something she looked forward to. Penny even admitted that peeing secertly onto an old moument was fun as well.

Then she heard someone coming. Penny hurried, pressing the urine out faster, peeing in full force. After a few seconds, it slowed and Penny pushed out the last spurts, then with nothing to clean with, shook her hips and pulled her underwear and pants up. She zipped her pants and hid out of sight as MAD agents gathered in the circle.

Chapter 7: No Flies on Us

In Maylasia, Penny was following Inspector Gadget and MAD to a temple. She was wearing a green robe. Arriving the temple, she hid behind the bushes and waited. Soon, she felt her bladder become heavy, likely brought on from the swimming she had to do. Penny decided to pee here. She tried to lift the robe, but found it too tight. She struggled, but only fell over.

"What am I going to do?" she wondered. The feeling in her bladder was too distracting. She couldn't carry on like this, nor did she want to invesigate in a wet robe. There was only one thing to do. Penny undid the robe, taking everything off, leaving her only in her underwear, which she pulled to her ankles and crouched down.

Completely naked, Penny felt exposed, but it seemed the bushes hid her well enough. She relaxed and peed onto the grass, keeping alert for any sounds. For over a minute, there was nothing but the sound of her peeing. Finally she finished, cleaning with the bush leaves. Penny pulled up her underwear and tied the robe back on, making a mental note to practice peeing with tight robes.

Chapter 8: Sleeping Gas

In the Boa Boa Islands, Penny walked on the beach, looking for clues to find the source of the sleeping gas being made. As she walked, she saw and heard the splashing of the ocean nearby. It had a strong effect on Penny, as it reminded her of a need to pee. "I wish I had gone before I left," she said. Knowing she shouldn't work on a full bladder, Penny decided to relieve herself nearby. With no bathrooms, Penny went into the nearby foliage. As Penny examined a bush, she saw the texture of the leaves wasn't right and what looked like something hollow in the center. A sweet odor came from them.

"Sleeping gas," realized Penny, running out onto the beach. She considered what to do with her predictiment. "I can't hold my breath long enough to get near the plants and I can't hold it in either." Her urge to pee was now getting stronger. Penny guessed she would have to pee in the open on the beach. Not that she really minded. Her adventures showed her how fun peeing outside was. She enjoyed thinking about where she could tinkle at in the different environments. Then Penny looked back at the ocean. She remembered peeing in the ocean and decided to go here.

As she walked to the shore, she wondered if she should submerge herself or take her clothes off. Then Penny remembered an idea of aiming into the water from land. "That's it. I'll try that," she said. She took off her shoes and socks and rolled up her pants so they were high enough when she wadded ankle deep. Then she unzipped, lowered her pants and underwear and adjusted her folds. Penny relaxed and heard the sound of peeing and water splashing. She sighed in relief and looked down as her pee trickled out her slit and hit the water. Penny giggled as she made the water froth and bubble.

As her tinkling continued, Penny decided to have some fun. Moving her stream around, she made warm, bubbly spots in the water all around her. When her peeing finished, Penny bent down and splashed her vagina clean with water, pulled on her underwear and pants, zipped, and climbed onto the beach, putting on her socks and shoes. Feeling content and fully relieved, Penny continued her search, also looking forward to where her pee adventures would take her next.

*001*2014-12-06 03:15

Chapter 1

Penny was at home, watching tv and drinking soda. She was surprised she to see she drank it all very quickly. Soon, she had to pee and went to the bathroom, only to find it being used. Penny stood with her legs together and waited. Her desperation quickly got worse. She could feel warm drops damping her underwear. She considered peeing in her pants and get changed. "That would mean defeat," she said. "I never give up." Penny went off to find a spot suitable for tinkling. None of the rooms had any promised. In the kitchen, she wondered about peeing in the sink. Then she looked outside.

Penny saw a large tree. Then she thought about peeing in the grass behind the tree. She hadn't peed outside before, but thought she'd give it a try. Penny walked outside and hid behind the tree. Her back to the tree, Penny unzipped her green pants and pulled them to her ankles and lowered her underwear. Not sure what to do next, Penny sat on the grass and relaxed. She heard herself peeing and looked down to see a yellow stream rushing out between her folds, the grass around her becoming damp. She closed her eyes and sighed in relief. Then she felt herself get wet. Penny opened her eyes and saw she was sitting in her growing puddle. Sighing, Penny got up and after an attempt to clean up, gave up and got dressed, going to the bathroom to proplery clean up. "I'll have to practice going outside," she said.

So every chance she got, Penny went outside and peed on the tree, finally managing to crouch down and stay dry. Still, she wondered about a more convienent method, so she experimented with standing. Her pants and underwear out of the way, Penny would let her pee flow freely while she moved her folds. Finally, Penny found a way to pull her folds so her peeing narrowed to an arch that hit a spot in front of her. Satisified, Penny vowed to use this method when she could.

Chapter 2: Down on the Farm

When Penny got to the farm to find mad's missile base, she felt her bladder becoming full. "I guess I should have gone before I left," she said. She tried to remain calm and think about her options. "I guess I could go outside somewhere." She set off, but found a lot of open spaces. She went through the buildings, but found nothing. Penny didn't feel right about peeing where the animals kept. She wanted her own space. As Penny ran around the field, she paused, legs together and looked around desperately. Then she saw a large haystack. Gratefully, Penny walked to it.

She was relieved to see it hid her. She unzipped, then holding her pants up, looked both ways and behind her, making sure no one was looked. Then she peeked around both sides of the haystack. Sure she was all alone, Penny smiled and looked directly at the haystack and let her pants fall freely to her ankles, pulling her underwear all the way down as well. Then she pulled on her folds and let nature do the rest. Penny sighed in relief as a large, golden stream gushed out, arced at her waist and hit the haystack, damping a spot as pee slid down the sides.

Penny giggled at the tickling feeling as her pee continued to rush out her vagina, tickling it. At long last, her stream slowed to a trickle. Penny pushed out a few squirts and let the last drops drip onto the puddle around her. Relieved, Penny cleaned up with napkins from her bag, pulled up her underwear and pants, and zipped up. She went back to her mission, satisfied her personal mission was a success.

Chapter 3: Bermuda Triangle

On the ship, Penny had to tinkle, but was determined to find the mystery of the vainishing ships. Then she was thrown into a sub above the water by an agent. It was a small sub with room for only one seat. Now she was surrounded by water as far as the eye could see. "I have to focus on the assignment," said Penny. But her mind kept going to the water, which in her mind, seemed to splash and flow loudly. Penny let a few drops leak into her underwear, but it only intensified her desire for relief.

"I'm not going to make it," she said. She tried to compose herself and think. "I don't think I could get into the water from here. I could go in my pants and say I was in the water." She looked for a hatch or bucket, but found nothing. Then she looked at the dome above her. "I guess that might work." Penny unzipped and pulled her pants and underwear down and sat on the floor. She leaned back and pulled her folds apart and released a stream that hit the dome. She sighed in relief and was amazed by how she could pee in this position. Curious, she held her folds, which felt soft and delicate in her fingers, and pulled them in different directions like one up and one down and one closer or farther to the other.

Penny found she could make drawings on the dome. She traced shapes like a star and circle, blushing and giggling at doing something so private she could never do at home. The stream died down and Penny looked at the stain in her underwear and pants. "It's not much." She used her watch to remove the pee drawings and got dressed. She was glad she went swimming later, which washed her pants and underwear.

Chapter 4: Luck of the Irish

After the mission in Ireland, Penny had some time to herself, so she was in the field. She picked up a four-leaf clover. Soon after, she realized she had to use the bathroom. Penny looked around. "It's a little too open for me." She walked around and found a castle. Going inside, Penny didn't see any bathroom, so she climbed the stairs and came out on a wall. "Maybe I can go over the wall," she thought. Penny thought she could aim her pee over the side. Then she noticed an opening.

As Penny drew near, she looked down and saw the Blarney Stone. "Should I?" she wondered. Then she pulled out her four-leaf clover. She smiled. "I guess I have the luck of the Irish on my side," said Penny. She still might have had doubts, but remembered when you have to go, you have to go. Unzipping, Penny pulled her pants and underwear to her ankles and crouched down. Aiming over the edge, she relaxed and let watched as her pee emptied over the side like a waterfall.

Penny let the stream hit the Blarney Stone, giggling at the sight of a bubbly yellow puddle appearing. Then she moved her body around and made the stream draw Xs meaning kisses around the Blarney Stone. Then she let the rest fall further over the side, becoming drops and pooling around a spot far below. Finishing her tinkling, Penny shook herself dry and pulled on her underwear and pants and zipped up. She admired her handiwork and used her watch to erase all Xs and left the scene. When she got outside, Penny went under the Blarney Stone and found where the rest of her pee had landed. Smiling, Penny decided to leave that puddle where it was and went to enjoy the rest of her day.

Chapter 5: Do Unto Udders & Gadget at the Circus

As Penny hid in the milk truck driven by MAD to dicover the lack of milk and MAD's overpriced milk, she felt pressure on her bladder. Penny tried to ignore it, but it quickly got too much. "I can't just go on the floor. I'll be heard." She regretted not taking her special empty water bottle with her. "That gives me an idea," she said. She picked up one of the milk bottles. "I think I should empty some of it." She poured half the milk out and unzipped her pants. Lowering her pants and underwear so her vagina was exposed, Penny placed the bottle up to her and let out the pee she was holding in.

She sighed in relief as she watched the milk turn yellow and the bottle fill up, the sound of peeing muffled by the bottle half full. Penny closed her eyes and fondly remembered the first time she peed in a bottle. At the circus, Penny was watching the suspicious ringmasters wagon when she had to pee. "I don't want to miss anything. But I really have to go. I don't think I should leave any sign I was here, so I can't go on the ground." She looked desperately through her bag for an idea and pulled out an empty water bottle. "I never used a bottle before, but I guess I should try."

Quietly unzipping her pants and lowering them, Penny pulled her underwear down, exposing her vagina. She placed the bottle to her slit and started letting her pee flow into the bottle. As she held the bottle with one, Penny played with her folds with her free hand, seeing exactly where the pee came out so she could place the bottle accordingly. She managed to get all of it in the bottle, which was nearly half full. Penny cleaned up as best she could, putting the bottle away. Later, she got the chance to empty it over a bush, keeping the bottle for future use. Now, Penny opened her eyes in the milk truck, finishing up. Wiping herself, Penny got dressed, pouring out the pee and milk mixture at the next stop, keeping the bottle. "A spare is always a good idea."

Chapter 6: Pirate Island

Penny was on a boat with Inspector Gadget and Brain. They were at sea for awhile. Then Penny thought, "Even after going to the bathroom at home, seeing all this water makes me have to go. Maybe if no one is looking, I'll go over the side." She lost her chance when the boat sank due to Gadget pulling a plug. Submerged from the waist down, Penny considered peeing in the ocean. "Uncle Gadget and Brain will feel the water warm up and know what I'm doing," she thought, and decided to hold it. Then they were taken on another ship. Penny didn't want to ask for the bathroom and soon everyone was taken on MAD's priate ship.

Penny was by herself as she looked for clues. "If this is an old ship, it might not have a bathroom by today's standards." Her desperation grew as she looked through different rooms. "I need to go now so I can completely focus on finding out about this ship." She walked in an empty room with only a window. "That'll work." Securing the door as best she could, Penny stood at the window. Concerned about privacy, Penny unzipped her pants and pulled the front of her pants down, trying to keep the back up. Then she reached down so she could pull the front of her underwear down. With only her vagina exposed and pressed against the window, she relaxed.

Then came the wonderful feeling of sweet relief as her pee rushed out her body and poured over the side into the water. Penny sighed in relief loudly and fondly remembered how she peed with her clothes like this in the boy's urinal at school. She was really glad she could pee standing, especially without pulling her pants all the way down. Finishing, Penny shook herself dry and pulled her underwear and pants up. Zipping up, Penny made sure the corridor was empty, and continued her investigation.

Chapter 7: Did You Myth Me?

As Penny was watching for MAD at the Greek exhibit, she felt the call of nature, so she went to find a place to pee. Minutes passed and her desperation was getting too much. Whenever she stopped, she couldn't help but hold herself and cross her legs, looking around desperately. She saw the entrance to a maze. "It's too dark and I might not find my way out quickly," she said. As she ran, she paused and noticed she was behind a statue. "I guess I have no choice," said Penny.

She looked over the statues of Greek gods, wondering which one to use. She considered Posiden, the god of the ocean. Then Penny looked at a statue of a tall woman looking very strong, Athena, goddess of wisdom. Wisdom was something Penny had a lot of. "The Greeks left offerings at the statues," said Penny. "Maybe I can leave my own." Careful not to leak, Penny went behind the statue. As she once did at the farm, Penny looked both ways and behind her. Then she peeked around the statue.

Sure she was alone, Penny unzipped her pants and lowered the front below her underwear, which she lowered the front of, just like a boy peeing standing. With her vagina exposed, Penny adjusted her folds and let out a nice golden stream, bathing the statue. Penny sighed in relief and looked down at the foamy yellow puddle rapidly spreading at her feet. Penny moved her hips and peed in spots around the statue, making a puddle that went all around the base. Finally, Penny's peeing slowed to a trickle and dripped out. When it stopped, Penny pushed out a couple spurts and was fully relieved. She shook herself dry, the drops of pee on her vagina hitting the statue. Feeling better, Penny dressed and zipped her pants, looking at the face of Athena. "Thank you for the hiding spot. You are full of wisdom. I guess that's something we have in common."

Chapter 8: Quiz Master

As Penny crouched on a high platform, investigating the suspicious TV show, she felt a growing need to use the bathroom. "I should go around here," said Penny. She considered her options. "On the platform might work, but I shouldn't leave any sign anyone was here. I shouldn't go over the side. It might hit the stage and I might be seen." Then she noticed a sandbag. "That could work." Penny unzipped, pulled down her pants and underwear and opened the sandbag. Placing it under her vagina, Penny emptied the contents of her bladder in the sandbag, sighing in relief and recalling her first experince peeing on sand.

In her sandbox, Penny had to tinkle. "It's not really worth it to go inside and come back out," she said. She looked around. "There's no one here and I'm getting good at peeing outside. I'll just go here." Then she had a thought. "I wonder what going on sand is like. I haven't tried it yet and I may need to if I'm in a sandy place," said Penny. Double checking she was alone, Penny unzipped her pants and dropped them to her ankles and pulled down her underwear. First, she tried peeing the normal way for girls. Crouching down, she peed onto the sand, making it darker and damper with a bubbly yellow puddle.

Then Penny stood and pulled on her folds, practicing her standing, making waist high arcs that she aimed and hit at different spots. Then the stream lessened in distance and Penny pushed out the last of her pee. Then Penny experimented with the sand, sprinkling a little around her vagina, finding it plesantly warm. It seemed to absorb the drops of pee still on her. For good measure, Penny went to the tree and finished cleaning with the leaves. Then she got dressed and went back to playing in the sandbox, finding the pee soaked sand hard enough to make good sandcastles, which she made plenty of. "Sand is not too different, but I'm glad I tried it. Now I'm prepared if I have to use the bathroom in a sandy place."

Now, Penny finished peeing in the sandbag, tieing it shut and replacing it. With nothing to clean with, Penny used a part of her shirt to wipe the droplets of pee off. She pulled on her underwear and pants and zipped up, returning to her investigation as though nothing had happened.

*004*2017-06-14 01:39

I will write it when I have the time. There are some other stories I might put out first.

