First Date and Fun

Author: babyboy6

*000*2014-01-03 02:35

The winter sky was setting in its usual early manor as an interesting happening was occurring at an ordinary coffee shop, in an ordinary town on an ordinary day.

"Number 38, Large coffee with 2 sugar" the women behind the counter yelled as a man got up to receive the order. "Thank you" he said as he headed back to his table and handed the coffee to a short, petite young blonde. The women smiled and mouthed thank you, with a shy smile.

The man sat down across the round table and looked his new friend in the eye for a moment until the awkward silence forced him to finally speak up. "So your profile said that you were a student, what do you study?" The girl smiled politely, but replied "lets not talk about that." The man was a little put off, but proceeded none-the-less. "Well, what would you like to talk about?" the man asked. "Lets start with our names, my profile pseudonym isn't exactly what I want to be called in public" she replied. "You mean you don't prefer to be called princesspuddles?" he said in a tongue in cheek manor and a grin. "My name is Mason, how about you?" The girl was still blushing a little, but managed to eek out an "Emily".

The two were pressed to make any bit of real conversation, Mason was 7 years Emily's elder and the two had no real reason to be out in public. They met online, and despite Emily's desire to meet in private Mason insisted on doing so in public. Despite the apparent role reversal Emily agreed. The two were now locked into forced conversation, that despite being awkward had a certain mystery to it.

After a few moments Emily finally initiated the conversation. "So what exactly is it that you do?" she asked. "We can't talk about school, but work is on the topics list?" Mason asked. Emily smiled and said simply "yup". Mason just nodded his head and continued "I don't work, I actually inherited a lot of money last year, so I retired at 26 and now I just relax mostly. Some volunteer work here and there but mostly just relax." Emily looked a little surprised "Wow...So you have tons of money and you relax...and talk to girls on the internet that you ultimately buy coffee for?" She said as she smiled. "Pretty much sums me up" Mason said with a grin to match Emily's.

The entire time the two were chatting Emily was working away at her large coffee. In such a small body she knew it wouldn't be long before the real connection between the two would be brought to fruition. In fact she was already beginning to feel a little pressure as the two slowly progressed through their conversation.

"Are you done with your coffee?" Mason asked as he noticed Emily struggle to obtain the contents at the bottom of her cup. "Almost" She replied as she tilted the cup upwards finishing the last drop she could find. "There, now I'm finished" she said with a smile, and a blush.

"Would you like to take a walk?" Mason asked as the night was an unseasonably warm one. Emily wasn't quite sure what Mason was up to be decided that he was safe enough and agreed replying simply "sure". The two left the shop and began their walk. After a few minutes the two were on a side street and were alone walking down a quite street where a crinkling sound could faintly, but surely be heard. "What is that?" Mason asked playfully. "What is what?" Emily replied knowing exactly what Mason was talking about. "That noise, do you hear it?" Mason asked as the two stopped walking. "I don't hear anything" Emily said looking at Mason. "I bet you don't" he said with a smile. The two stood a moment before Mason spotted something. On a big sign outside of a store read "PALM READINGS" to which Mason decided would be a fun way to spend the next half hour.

"That could be fun" he said pointing his finger, "lets give it a shot". Emily did not protest and before long the two were sitting around the stereotypical palm reader's table, minus the crystal ball. Mason went first. The women grabbed his hand and looking almost passively as she quickly came to the conclusion "Your life of privilege affords you a lot of free time, which also gives you a lot of free time for interesting fun. Your future will be very satisfying for you unless you lose your perspective." Mason couldn't argue with the reader and allowed for Emily's palm to then be read. The women took more time on Emily and after a long moment came back with a carefully constructed reading. "You are a hesitantly eventful creature. Pretty, but hiding something in plain sight, that might not be an actual secret. You will lead a normal life, with a unique flavor."

Mason found the event to be very interesting. "That was cool, she captured both of us pretty well" Mason stated turning to Emily as they walked out of the shop. "Well you might have had a little bit of a give-away" he said looking toward Emily's waist. She looked down to notice her a white piece of plastic like material peaking its way out around her waist. Her face beat red as she pulled her shirt down over her "unique flavor". Mason smiled as the two again began walking. Emily was moving considerably slower than before, and Mason picked up on the reason why.

"If you'd like we can head back to my place, it's only around the corner." Emily smiled and said "Yes, I would love that". Before long the two were outside of Mason's door with Emily dancing frantically to make it inside. "What's the matter, aren't you protected?" Mason asked as Emily blushed having Mason finally verbalize why they were meeting. "I was before we had our palms read, but I may have had a little accident while you asking about a certain strange sound" Emily's face was burning from how badly she was blushing, but loving it all the while. "So if I don't hurry I guess you'd be going back to your dorm room in wet pants than?" Mason said playfully. "That's exactly what I'm saying" Emily retorted whilst bouncing.

Mason took his time, but the two got into his house before an incident. "Where's your bathroom?" Emily asked frantically. "I don't have one" Mason responded playfully. "I'm serious I can't hold it and my protection won't either" Emily said pleadingly. Come with me, Mason said leading Emily through dark hallways and into a dark room. She entered and Mason finally hit a light switch, but the room that Emily saw was not a bathroom; the room she saw was the laundry room. "Oops, must've taken a wrong turn" Mason said and smiled as he looked at Emily who was once again blushing knowing that she couldn't hold on any longer.

Emily lets go flooding her diaper even worse than she had anticipated. Within moment her pants began to darken as the warm wetness made its way down her legs. A smile then came across Emily's face as she mouthed something to Mason. "Perfect" he made out as she winked at him.

"I guess you'll have to clean me as well as my cloths, won't you?" Emily said in a leading manor. "I guess so" Mason replied as he striped his date of her wet cloths, then of his dry ones and then brought his new friend for a not so ordinary shower.

*002*2014-01-04 05:00

I was thinking of crafting a series around the man character, with a new female companion each time and maybe a few re-occurances by popular characters.

