The First Desperate Encounter

Author: orango

*000*2012-09-22 13:31

This is a story that I had great pleasure in writing, that I hope others will enjoy. I posted it on Experience Project a few months ago, but thought it might be appropriate here as well. It's a bit long, but for me the most exciting thing is the desperation, so I tried to make it last as long as possible. Any feedback would be really appreciated.

###

Megan moaned quietly to herself as she gazed longingly at the clock on her computer, willing the time to pass quicker. It was 4:20 in the afternoon, and she still had over an hour before her work day would finally come to an end. She crossed her legs and shuffled to the edge of her chair, absolutely bursting for a wee. With her pee right on the brink of squirting out, she glanced nervously round the office, her long brunette hair cascading over her shoulders as she flicked her head round.

Thankfully the other girls were hard at work, so she took the opportunity to give herself a quick squeeze. Uncrossing her legs and grasping the fabric of her flowing knee length skirt, she pressed her fingertips into the folds of her fanny. For a few seconds, which was as long as she dared in such a public place, she began kneading her pussy, the sensation of her extreme need to pee waning slightly. She withdrew her hand and was still dry, but only just, her bulging bladder the source of a constant dull ache inside her abdomen.

Megan worked for a small company that consisted of just 3 admin girls, and a handful of warehouse staff. She had arrived at work at 8:45 that morning, a little early, so flicked on the coffee percolator ready for the arrival of her co-workers, turned on her computer and logged in. Megan poured herself a coffee, and filled her water bottle from the water cooler, ready for the morning ahead. The company she worked for was in a temporary building while their regular office space was being renovated. She had worked for them for several years, and didn’t mind putting up with the disruption. All the basic needs were fulfilled, even if the temporary Portaloo the company had hired was a bit gross. Still, she could use it in an emergency, and with her regular coffee breaks, she was grateful for it no matter how dirty it was. The other girls arrived and the working day commenced, with the morning flying by in a blur of spreadsheets, ringing telephones and coffee breaks.

Before she knew it, it was time for her lunch. While she wrapped up her telephone conversation, she sat cross legged, jiggling her ankles, suddenly realising how urgently she needed a pee. Once the phone was down, she stood up, stretched a little, and made her way towards the door, hoping there wasn’t already someone in the Portaloo. Stepping outside, she saw to her horror that the toilet had been sealed with bright yellow hazard tape.

“Sorry love”, said a voice that startled her, “We’ve got a bit of a blockage.” It was the warehouse supervisor. “The toilet’s out of action for a few hours while we wait for the hire company to come and sort it. Hopefully some time this afternoon. I’ll come and let you know when it’s fixed.”

Megan frowned and crossed her legs, the morning’s 3 cups of coffee and the contents of her water bottle pressing down on her pee hole, making a bid for freedom. Being a relatively shy girl, she had always had trouble admitting to anyone that she needed a pee, especially men, so with that in mind she thanked him without kicking up a fuss and shuffled back into the office, sitting back down at her desk. She felt her face flush red and distracted herself by eating her sandwiches with the smallest amount of drink to help them down. She realised she was going to be in trouble if they didn’t get the toilet fixed, and fast.

The afternoon progressed and Megan’s situation worsened as the minutes ticked slowly by. 2pm came and went with no promise of a pee break, then 3, then 4. Thirsty, she chugged on her water bottle without thinking before catching herself and cursing. Where the hell was the Portaloo hire company? Didn’t they know it was an emergency? By 5pm, Megan was sitting at her desk hunched over, her left hand resting on her swollen bladder, her legs jiggling furiously up and down, desperately trying to hold back more wee than she had ever attempted to hold before. Her perfect breasts bobbed in time with her movements, nipples hard and protruding against her figure hugging shirt. The pressure was unbearable and her bladder felt rock hard to the touch.

Even without standing up she could see the bulge protruding from her abdomen. She stared in vain at the screen, unable to concentrate, prickles of sweat forming on her brow and dripping down her face. She just had to squeeze her pussy again or it would all be over. Every last drop of pee would come hissing out into her knickers if she didn’t, and she couldn’t wet herself at work, the shame of it. With a panicked expression, she glanced round again, hoping to God that nobody could see her.

The other 2 girls were sat at their desks, both presumably nursing full bladders themselves. Although both of them had the luxury of peeing this morning before the toilet had got clogged up, it was still over 5 hours ago. Megan consoled herself with the thought that they both must be absolutely bursting as well. Satisfied, however, that neither of them could see what she was doing, she again took hold of the front of her skirt and pushed it hard against her pussy, her fingers digging deep between her lips and massaging her pee hole. She shuddered as a wave of desperation took over her squirming body, goose bumps forming over her skin.

Her bladder ached for release, and her pussy contracted and pulsed in the effort to stop her wee from squirting out of her. She had no idea how she’d managed to keep her knickers dry all this time, but dry they were. She could feel herself coming to the very edge of her holding ability, the pee desperately straining against her muscles, but she held it in. Tears formed in her eyes and beads of sweat travelled down her face, but her knickers were still dry, all of her pee being contained, for now, inside her busting bladder. She was trembling from the effort, her vagina felt hot and moist against the fabric of her tight pink knickers. Her tummy strained against her waistband, her bladder filling to beyond the capacity of anything she’d experienced before.

“Oh God I’m about to bust” she whimpered under her breath to no one in particular.

To her surprise, Sarah, the girl sitting closest to her, replied “Me too babe. I’m in serious danger of wetting myself in my car on the way home tonight.” Megan hadn’t intended to strike up a conversation. It was all she could do to stop her pussy from dribbling into her knickers, but she had to at least acknowledge the fact that Sarah had spoken to her. Clenching her muscles as hard as she could, she removed her fingers from her straining lips and composed herself, colour rising in her cheeks at the thought of having to admit to someone how desperately she needed to pee.

Half turning round in her chair, giving her the opportunity to cross her legs again, Megan said “I don’t think I can make it home. I haven't had a pee all day!” Subconsciously her hand caressed her bulging tummy and she winced as a spasm shot through her bladder and down into her genitals.

“I know, I noticed you squirming.” Megan blushed a deeper shade of red suddenly realising someone had been aware of her plight. In fact, Sarah had been watching Megan, as she always did, admiring her shapely form. She loved working with her. She was funny, intelligent, and so very beautiful; all the things Sarah longed to be herself.

“At least you don’t live very far away." encouraged Sarah, flashing her a smile.

It was true, Megan lived just 10 minutes away on foot. She had never bothered taking her driving test so had to rely on public transport or the good nature of other people to ferry her around. Her journey to and from work, however, was invariably on foot, and she was dreading the walk, nursing her desperately swollen bladder, frantically trying to prevent her wee from spurting out and cascading down her gorgeous legs. Her pussy throbbed at the thought, almost releasing a squirt into her knickers. Her bladder was truly at capacity, no more room for even the smallest of drops.

“I’m going to wet myself on the way home, I know it” whispered Megan shakily, all sense of embarrassment having dissipated.

“I’ll make you a deal. I’ll give you a lift home, but when we get there you have to let me use your loo first. I don’t think I could stand hearing you pee, I’d wet myself for sure!”

Weighing up her options, it sounded like a pretty good offer. It certainly sounded better than having to carry her heavy, distended bladder by foot. “OK, thanks.”

The time was now 5:10, with just 20 minutes before they could finally go home and squirt their pent up wee into the toilet bowl. Megan fantasised about the relief, imagining inching down her knickers to her knees and sitting on the toilet, finally being able to relax. The feeling of release would be orgasmic, another pulse shooting through her bladder and into her clit at the thought. She caught herself before the idea went too far and she ended up peeing right where she was sitting. Oh God she had to wee! All her muscles were clenched, from her bum, to her tummy, to most importantly, her sphincter. She felt that if she relaxed even a tiny bit, it would all be over. The pee would come spurting out, spraying from her lips, soaking into the chair and around her bum before she could stop it.

Turning back round to face her desk, she immediately uncrossed her legs and grabbed hold of herself, on the very edge of control. Could she last another 20 minutes? She just had to! In 20 minutes time, she would be on her way home and everything would be alright. She closed her eyes and pushed harder on her pussy, massaging her fingers back up against her pee hole. It was all she could do to breathe, every intake of breath forcing pressure down onto her bladder. Eyes closed, her whole world was focussed on her pussy lips and keeping her wee inside them. Kneading and sweating and bouncing in her chair, her tortured body was at its limit. She was biting her lip, her brow awash with droplets of sweat, her legs jerking furiously up and down as she fought for control.

Suddenly her phone started to ring. In an instant her mind was lurched out of her daydream and back to reality. She quickly removed her hand from between her legs and for the briefest of milliseconds a droplet of urine broke past her muscles. In that instant, she felt the first dribble of pee burst out of her bladder and travel down her urethra, just the smallest of trickles. In response, every muscle in her body immediately clenched, her pussy quivering in her attempt to keep her knickers dry. She could feel the trickle of pee moving down inside of her, on the brink of moistening her inner pussy lips. Then it broke free, growing into a small bead of urine at the end of her urethra, before finally dispersing into the folds of her vagina. It wasn't enough to dampen her knickers, just enough to make her pussy feel sticky and moist.

She picked up the phone, crossing her legs, desperately trying to push her lips together to help hold back the flood. In a small, quivering voice, she managed to greet the caller, but wasn't really listening for their response. Instead, all her concentration was on her slippery wet vulva and her huge protruding bladder that was threatening to explode at any second. She pressed the phone harder against her ear to try and stop her hand from shaking, but it was no use. Her whole body trembling, without even a thought for her surroundings she jammed her free hand back into her slit. It was the only way to stop any more wee from seeping out of her.

For a few moments she sat absolutely still, holding her breath, scared that even the smallest intake of air would force her clenched lips to part and spray hot urine into her underwear. She closed her eyes and repeated the same phrase over and over in her head, “Please don’t come out, please don’t come out!” After a few seconds and back in tenuous control of her muscles, she realised her caller had finished whatever it was they were saying, and it was now her turn to speak. A few awkward moments later, the only thing her addled mind could think to say was “I’m sorry, we’re experiencing a few problems at the moment.” That’s the understatement of the century, she thought. “Could you ring back tomorrow?”

To her relief, although not the sort of relief she was really after, the disgruntled caller huffed and hung up. Quickly replacing her handset, she glanced back at the clock, her bladder tightening at the realisation that it was still only 5:15. With another 15 minutes before she could even begin to make her way home, it dawned on her that for the first time in her adult life, she might actually wet herself.

Her mind raced, her thoughts swimming in an ocean of pee. Hunched over her desk, legs bobbing up and down, both hands pressing firmly into her moist fanny, the last scraps of dignity had been lost. She thought about running outside and ripping the tape from the Portaloo. She didn’t care that it was blocked or even overflowing, if she could just get inside and pull down her knickers, she’d finally be able to let her pee squirt out of her. She didn’t even care if it overflowed and ran over the floor, at least she wouldn’t be in agony any more, and at least her knickers would still be dry.

A few minutes passed like this, thoughts of peeing in strange places passing through her mind. Every few moments a new thought with a new place, followed by the longest hiss of pee she’d ever released in her life. She thought about nothing but the feeling of relief, but couldn’t for even a second let her guard down. If she did, if she relaxed any of her muscles for even an instant, she knew she would have a full blown pissy accident.

At 5:25, with only five minutes to wait, she started to panic. How was she going to stand up and not pee herself? She couldn’t walk to the car with her hand between her legs, not with all the warehouse workers ogling at her. She would have to try and compose herself. And once inside the car, could she refrain for spurting her hot urine all over the passenger seat? She tried to put it out of her mind and worry about it when she really had to. For now, she had another 5 minutes to deal with.

Sarah could see Megan was in agony, but she couldn’t risk leaving the office even 5 minutes early. Her boss had given her several warnings already about time keeping, and her next warning could be the last. She simply couldn’t take the chance. She felt sorry for Megan, who was obviously in an extreme state of desperation, but at the same time she was enjoying the show. She could hear Megan breathing quickly and shallowly, occasionally gasping under her breath, just barely audible. Her chair rocked rapidly back and forth in response to her jiggling legs, squeaking like a hyperactive mouse where it needed oiling. The chair’s high back prevented Sarah from seeing exactly what Megan was doing, but she knew she must be right on the verge of springing a leak.

If only Sarah knew how true that was, she might have taken pity and considered going back on their deal, letting her pee first once they arrived at Megan’s house. But being in a pretty uncomfortable state herself, she dismissed the notion. Besides, the idea of watching a fully grown woman wet herself was proving to be a turn on. She would make sure Megan upheld the deal, partly because she feared that hearing Megan releasing her pent up pee would make her lose control herself, but mainly because the notion of Megan wetting herself was arousing her very much indeed.

Megan, feeling her control ebbing away, knew that drastic measures were the only way to keep the pee inside her. With tears in her eyes, she gingerly removed her hands from between her legs and scootched to the edge of her chair, leaning back slightly and letting her skirt ride up her legs a little. Her bladder was stinging and began contracting again, becoming agitated from her change of position. Quickly but carefully, she slid one of her hands up her bare inner thigh until she reached the fabric of her underwear.

Glancing over her shoulder to make sure no one was standing over her, she hooked her index finger around the crotch of her knickers and pulled them to one side, exposing her beautiful trembling pussy to the air. She thought about just letting a little out, but realised that she was still sitting on the back of her skirt. If she were to release, everything in view of her desperate lips would certainly get drenched - her chair, her skirt, her boots, the sockets under her desk the computer was plugged into. Damn it she had to do something!

With her lips beginning to part, readying for an unstopable gush of wee that was about to come bursting out, there was only one thing she could think of to try and stop it. She just had to get her fingers directly pressing onto her urethra. She figured with the hole obstructed, it would be impossible for any wee to leak out. Without time to even consider her surroundings, she knew this was her last option. If this didn't work, her chair was going to get very wet, soaked by a seemingly endless stream of golden liquid that was on the brink of erupting from between her lips. Leaning back a little to get better access, she ran her middle finger up the length of her vagina, parting her lips, before firmly pressing on her trembling, exposed pee hole. Her body bucked as she accidentally brushed her clitoris, a wave of pleasure pulsing up through her body.

Oh God that felt so good! She couldn't resist the temptation and moved her finger down, sliding it up into her aching vagina. Instinctively, her other hand came to rest on her bulging navel, gently caressing her hot throbbing bladder. Her pussy felt surprisingly wet, so wet she considered the possibility that she might have leaked without realising it. Dismissing the notion, she knew it was impossible. She would have felt it, wouldn't she? Sinking her finger to the knuckle and pushing her palm onto her clitoris, she began massaging the silky soft walls of her inner sanctum. It felt warm and tight around her finger as she clenched with all her might, desperately holding back the impending explosion of pee and slowly bringing herself back under control. Her muscles were taut and she was still unable to relax, but the pee was still being held inside her, contained in her bulging, desperate bladder. At this stage, that was all that mattered.

She couldn't understand why her body was so turned on. Her bladder was throbbing incessantly, the pressure feeling like it was on the verge of tearing her apart, but her clitoris was hard and aroused, protruding from its silky hood. She couldn't resist the urge to stroke her wet fingertip over her engorged clit, its extreme sensitivity causing a pulse of pleasure to shoot up inside of her, making her bladder convulse and blurring the boundary between pleasure and pain. Her pussy muscles contracted and her clit pulsed, and in just a few brief seconds her pleasure reached heights that usually took hours of playing.

Suddenly becoming aware that she was breathing heavily and noisily, she knew she couldn't allow herself to orgasm, not here with her colleagues just a few feet from her. If she did, she knew her bladder wouldn't be able to cope. Her pee would come hissing out at full force, parting her desperately clenched lips with the force of a pressure hose. She wouldn't be able to handle the embarrassment and ridicule. She slowed her fingers to a stop, feeling that just a few more strokes of her wet glistening clit would take her past the point of no return. Her pussy twitched and her body shuddered in protest at the denial. It took all of her willpower to finally withdraw her finger from her aching hole, her vagina twitching as the sensation of her impending orgasm gradually faded.

Oh God she had to pee! For a moment she sat still and tried to calm herself down, but without her fingers holding it back, her wee was again on the very edge of just spraying out. Clenching, she looked down at her abdomen and saw it was bulging noticably between her belly button and the top of her pubic hair, which lay just beneath the waistband of her skirt. Caressing the aching mound gently with her hand, she thought she looked at least 4 months pregnant. Pulling her knickers back over her salivating fanny lips, she slouched forward bending at the waist, trying to give her bladder as much room as possible. Her vagina was sopping and her knickers now clung to her folds, soaking up the fluids of her excitement. Her lips felt slippery, sliding against each other as she bobbed her legs up and down.

"This is it, it's all over" she thought, “I really am about to wet myself.” Her tired muscles could take the strain no more. She felt weak and powerless to prevent the inevitable. With beads of sweat dripping down her face, strands of hair were now clinging to her forehead. Her whole body shook and her clenched lips trembled, the immence pressure in her bladder straining to be released. At the end of her tether, her thoughts once again returned to the moment of relief.

She imagined what it would feel like to finally be free of the huge weight inside of her. To finally be able to squirt her pee somewhere, anywhere, even into her knickers seemed like a good option now. Absolutely desperate, nothing more left for her to try, she felt her lips straining to hold back, but loosing the battle. She felt them beginning to part, the inevitable eruption of hot golden wee just seconds away, losing the ability to fight it. Right on the brink, her pee about to begin its descent down her urethra, the words she'd been dying to hear all afternoon were finally uttered.

"You ready to go home?"

She clasped the muscles at the base of her bladder shut with all her strength, gritting her teeth. Sarah was standing over her, the hint of a smile on her face.

“Wow, you look like you’re ready to pop!” Sarah joked, not realising just how close to the truth she was.

Megan couldn’t speak but just nodded. Her gorgeous hazel eyes were wide like a cat in the headlights of a speeding car. Biting her lip to distract from the pain of her ballooning bladder, Megan clenched her pussy and bum muscles with all her might. Slowly rising from her chair, the effects of gravity pushed her heavy bladder down, a small moan making its way from her mouth before she could stop it. She realised that if she tried to stand up straight, her pee would start spurting out in a heartbeat.

Instead, bending slightly at the waist, she carefully put on her coat and zipped it up, trying to hide her bladder bulge from enquiring eyes. Her shyness returning, she really didn’t want the others to know exactly how desperate her situation was. Unfortunately for her, the pockets in her jacket weren’t deep enough for her to reach her fanny, so holding herself surreptitiously was out of the question. She would have to try and hold back the flood with her muscles alone, but was seriously doubting her strength. For the first time since she was a child she prayed to God. However, even God wouldn’t be able to help her now. She was on her own.

Making their way to the car park, Megan gingerly followed behind, trying to keep her footfalls as light as possible. Even the smallest of jolts sent spasms of pain shooting through her bladder, so she was as careful as she could be whilst still keeping up the pace. It really was going to be down to the wire, although now she was on the move, a renewed determination to hold it in had come over her. She knew, however, a delay of even just a few seconds could spell disaster for her tortured bladder.

Finally they arrived at Sarah’s car. It was a nice sedan with large leather seats, certainly too nice to spray pee all inside it. As she stood next to the passenger door waiting for the lock to open, a renewed sense of urgency overcame her. Bending over and curtseying deeply, her right knee over her left, she squeezed as tightly as possible and held her breath, holding on to the car for support. Her fanny coming to the very brink of spewing her golden juices, she clenched, groaning and sweating under the strain, another droplet of urine dripping out and moistening her inner lips.

The lock clicked and Megan swung open the door. Taking a moment to compose herself before she climbed in, she knew the following few minutes would be some of the most stressful of her life. Her bladder and genitals throbbed on every heartbeat. She had to hold back her pee at all costs while sat in the car, if it came out all over the seats Sarah would kill her. Getting in meant untwisting and parting her legs briefly. Although only for a few seconds, her hot throbbing pee hole felt suddenly exposed, all the external pressure being taken away. For those few seconds, all that lay between staying dry and spurting pee down her legs was her rapidly tiring sphincter muscle. As she slid herself into the seat, she knew she had to find a way of applying pressure to her lips without being too obvious.

The seats were vast and her petite frame got lost in the expanse of expensive leather. Maybe, just maybe there would be enough room to bring up her foot and sit on it. It was her only real option apart from openly holding herself, and she was still too embarrassed to even contemplate that. Kicking off one of her boots, she very carefully positioned her foot. Tucking it up inside her skirt and under her bum, she could feel the damp crotch of her knickers against her heel. Grinding it hard against her fanny, she smoothed down her skirt, noticing that the position of her legs was causing it to ride up.

In fact, the pink fabric of her knickers, clinging to her pussy, damp stain around the crotch, were plainly visible. She didn't know how long she could hold back the flood with just her heel, but it was better than nothing. Bringing her arms down she folded them in her lap in an attempt to hide her clammy camel toe. The engine was finally started and Megan buckled up holding the belt away from her abdomen, even the smallest of pressure threatening to make her explode.

Although Sarah had been to Megan’s house before, it was over a year ago. Megan gave Sarah directions to refresh her memory, her voice quivering from her extreme desperation. She felt slightly dizzy, the full to bursting organ in her abdomen throbbing relentlessly. As the car pulled away, it was apparent to Sarah that Megan was truly busting. Were they pink knickers she was wearing? Although Sarah didn't consider herself a lesbian, she took a great deal of pleasure from beautiful women, and Megan especially. Having never had a sexual encounter with a woman, she didn't even really consider herself bisexual, but there was something about Megan that made her lust for her.

For all the years they had worked together she had fantasised about her, admiring her exquisite beauty and dreaming of what lay beneath her perfectly pressed clothes. Looking at her now, seeing she was on the brink of a full blown accident, she felt incredibly turned on. The devil on her shoulder told her to enjoy the situation, moments like this didn't come along very often. However, the angel on the other made her feel ashamed. Megan was a friend in need, and she needed her help. Figuring she should probably get her home as quickly as possible, she pressed down the accelerator and sped away.

Megan clutched the side of the passenger seat, being thrown off balance by the sudden acceleration, and let go of the seat belt. It snapped back against her aching fragile body and she whimpered in pain. Tears welling up, her eyes widened as she saw the rapidly approaching speed bump at the exit of the car park. She knew this was going to hurt but didn't have time to prepare. With her belt buckle pushing into her bladder, her pee was already on the verge of sizzling out from her desperate quivering lips. She braced herself for the bump by tensing every muscle in her body, just as the car lurched over it. The momentary feeling of weightlessness was too much for her poor desperate body to take.

As the car plunged hard back to the ground, her bladder bounced mercilessly inside her abdomen. Contorting and warping in the same way a water balloon does when it hits something hard, no amount of clenching could stop the impending explosion. She felt her lips suddenly part, her fanny squirting a half second jet of golden wee into her knickers. The crotch of her underwear ballooned as her urine sprayed into them, seeping through and wetting her foot. The short hiss from her lips seemed to resonate around the car, but Sarah seemed not to notice. A small trickle followed the spurt, her urine dribbling through her trembling sphincter and seeping down her urethra, and out through her desperate aching hole.

Megan sat bolt upright, pulling away the belt, grinding her pussy into her heel with all her might as she clamped off the dribble. Her knickers and her foot felt soaking, but in reality only about 2 tablespoons of wee had actually come out, certainly not enough to give her any degree of relief. Quite the opposite was true in fact. Her bladder was now a constant source of pain, full to the brim with litres of golden urine, aching more than ever for release. She closed her eyes, her whole world focused on her pee hole. She could do nothing but feel the pain of her wee racked bladder. pee assaulted her every sense; she could smell it in her nostrils; she could even taste it in the back of her mouth. Her skin prickled with sweat and she felt herself swoon as she forced her muscles to push back against the bulging mass of her bladder. She felt like her whole body was being engulfed in pee, swimming against a strong tide, almost drowning in it.

“Sorry babe” Sarah said. “Don’t burst yet, you’ll be home in 2 minutes”.

The way Sarah was driving, she really believed it. The tyres squealed as they tore round the corners, overtaking other motorists at every opportunity. It was Sarah’s turn to feel pangs of desperation, but nothing compared to poor Megan. Sarah’s thong was moist from arousal, but not a single drop of pee had leaked into it. Her bladder did, however, begin to twitch at the thought of Megan's loo drawing closer. Megan, on the other hand, was absolutely bursting, her aching muscles now feeling numb from the strain. Her sopping knickers adhered to every crease of her labia.

When she thought Sarah wasn’t looking, she covertly wiped the pee from her foot and dried her hand on the side of her skirt. She knew it wouldn’t be long before her bladder gave up completely and the pee would spray out of her. There was a limit to every girl’s capacity, and she had reached that limit over an hour ago! Looking down she flushed with embarrassment as she realised the wet fabric of her knickers had become translucent. Every part of her cleanly shaven vagina could be seen clearly, her clitoris standing proud, throbbing like a drum in time with her heart. She could see her foot applying pressure to her opening, bunching the fabric up between her lips and into her pee fragranced slit.

Sarah couldn't quite believe what she could see from the corner of her eye. Trying not to be too obvious, she turned her head slightly to get a better look. She had fantasised about it on countless of occasions in the past, but it was even better in the flesh. Her heart beat faster from excitement and her breathing became shallow. Megan's vagina was more beautiful in real life than it had even been in Sarah's fantasies. Thoughts of running her tongue up her gorgeous pee saturated fanny went through her mind. She imagined how it might taste, her mouth salivating at the thought. For the first time in her life she felt truly aroused. Sure, she had had boyfriends in the past, and at the time she thought she had been happy. But looking at the stunningly gorgeous woman in her passenger seat, her perfectly formed pussy on show, she realised that men would never be able to satisfy her again.

The remainder of the journey was rough. Megan was holding the belt away from her abdomen, stopping it from pressing and rupturing her bladder. The other hand clutched the door handle for stability, her knuckles turning white from her super tight grip. As she was being thrown around in her seat, she knew there was no way she could cover herself up, not until they slowed down. She felt her pee was again right on the threshold of squirting out, but knew if it did, Sarah would be able to see it coming right out of her trembling pussy.

She had to hold on and clenched every muscle in her body, but couldn't stop another spurt from breaking free. Shooting out from between her lips, it squirted right through the fabric of her underwear, cascading over her foot and trickling down between her buttocks. She squeezed her eyes closed, all her energy and concentration focused on her bursting bladder. Realising they were nearing her street, Megan took a modicum of comfort from the fact that the agony would soon be over.

As the car slowed, Megan moved her foot and composed herself, pulling down her skirt so she was no longer exposing herself to her friend. Bringing her leg up as far as she could without squishing her tummy, she quickly slid her boot back on in anticipation of getting out of the car. Sarah pulled into Megan’s driveway and killed the engine. Opening the doors, both girls gingerly pulled themselves from the car. Glancing back at the seat, there was a small wet dribble where Megan had been sitting. She wiped it away with her hand and hoped Sarah hadn't seen it.

Megan felt on the verge of involuntary release, her bladder unable to adjust to her standing position. Her hand flew to her pussy, grasping and kneading to try and hold back the torrent inside of her. Ripping open her handbag, she fumbled for her door keys, dropping them on the floor. Just as she bent over to pick them up, her bum in the air, more wee squirted out, jetting straight through her knickers, spraying the back of her skirt. At the same time, a small dribble of amber urine began to snake down her inner thigh.

“Come on Meg I’m busting!” Sarah said, standing on the doorstep with her legs crossed. Meg considered the irony of that statement.

With a shaky hand Megan put the key in the lock and opened the door, stepping over the threshold and into her living room. Throwing her bag down and tearing off her coat, she caught sight of her glistening toilet standing proud at the top of the stairs. All she had to do was climb the steps and her agony would be over. OK, she hadn’t quite made it without a spurt or two, but she had done her absolute best, and now the agony would come to an end. The contents of her bladder pushed down hard against her lips, convulsing at the sight of the porcelain.

In an instant, Sarah flew past her at the speed of lightening, sprinting up the stairs and slamming the door!

“Wait! I can’t hold it!” Megan shouted in protest, but it was too late. Sarah was already tearing down her thong and relaxing her muscles. Megan whimpered as she was left standing in the middle of her living room. She caught sight of herself in the mirror and was shocked by what she saw. Her pee bulge really did make her look pregnant. For the first time she noticed that even the waistband of her elasticated skirt was really digging into her, putting pressure on her distended navel. The bulge protruded at least 4 inches from the rest of her usually flat stomach. She stood there and caressed it, tears rolling down her face. All shame now out of the window, she lowered her skirt and slid it to the ground, kicking it to one side. She pee danced around the floor, hands pressing up on her throbbing quivering fanny with all her strength. Here she was, a grown woman, dancing around semi naked, all of her pent up pee about to burst out of her hole.

"Please Sarah, I'm about to bust!" Megan cried, whimpering.

Sarah, still sitting on the toilet, tried to relax. Although genuinely bursting, only the smallest of streams was dribbling from her snatch, trickling into the water. She had been afraid of this. Suffering from a condition that sometimes prevented her from peeing properly, it was made all the worse when she was forced to hold it until desperate. She breathed deeply, pushing on her locked bladder, but her stream stopped completely. She knew that eventually the rest would come, but it was a waiting game. She thought about poor, bursting Megan, suddenly feeling slightly bad that she had insisted on going first. But only slightly.

Megan was beside herself with desperation, trying with every ounce of strength to not completely wet herself. She pushed her fingers harder into her lips, but didn’t have the strength to stop another small dribble from jetting out of her.

"It's coming out! Please hurry up!" she sobbed.

Her mind floating in an ocean of wee, she wasn’t thinking straight. She had to do something, anything, to stop any more from spraying out. As a last ditch attempt to contain it, she slid down her knickers, kicking them off, and perched on the sofa. Now completely naked from the waist down, she brought up her legs and rested her feet on the edge of the cushion, adopting the same position women usually give birth in. Eyeing her reflection in the mirror, she could see every inch of her perfect young body. Her buttocks were trembling from the strain and her bladder bulged alarmingly. Her pussy glistened, a small bead of pee gliding down the folds of her wet lips, trickling down onto her bum. She could see her vagina clenching and unclenching, her lips moving up and down in unison as it happened. Her perineum was quivering visibly, the muscles squeezing back for all they were worth. In that instant, she was powerless to stop yet another hiss of hot pee from squirting out.

She saw her lips part, the force ejecting the spray in an arc from her desperate fanny. It was just a half second shot, but with enough force to send the small stream though the air, breaking up into droplets as it flew before landing on the floor in a neat line. Her fingers once again touched the smooth folds of her pussy, parting her lips and pressing firmly, directly on her urethra. Her fanny was sopping wet, her fingers sliding to her urethra with ease. Her mind was a blur, only nonsensical thoughts zipping through. Feeling like she was going mad, her whole existence was now exclusively focussed on the engorged folds of her slippery vagina. She couldn't think and she could hardly breathe, she could only dream of relief, of wetting hard and fast into the porcelain bowl. Her eyes tearing up, the only thing stopping her from completely busting was the force of her fingers pressing up into her frantically desperate wee hole.

Sarah breathed deeply and finally started to dribble again, wondering how Megan was holding up. She found herself fantasising about the poor desperate girl spraying urine into those pink knickers she saw earlier. Finally, her dribble became a trickle, which became a squirt, which became a steady hiss as her pee drained out of her. Maintaining a strong hissing stream, the relief was ecstasy as her bladder finally pushed the last few drops from her body. Wanting so badly to see what had happened to Megan, she was sure she would emerge from the toilet and see her standing in a pool of wee. Her heart jumped at the thought and her extreme arousal made her tremble. She longed to make love to Megan, to finally feel her silky pussy lips gliding over her tongue. As she tore the toilet roll and wiped her snatch, a string of love juice slurped from her desperately aroused lips.

Megan felt as if she was having an out of body experience, all rational thoughts having ceased. Her pee racked body was desperate for release, but her fingers blocked her urethra preventing any squirts. She closed her eyes and let wee wash over her every thought and feeling, and started to embrace rather than fight it. Her bladder was pounding, as the bursting, stinging, orgasmic pain sent tingles to her clitoris on every heartbeat. She hadn’t even stroked her clit and she felt on the brink of a full body orgasm. She no longer even knew where she was, nor did she care. She had spent the whole day fighting back her body’s needs and urges, and she could fight no longer.

She had to orgasm, and she had to pee, both needs no longer under her control. Subconsciously, she removed her fingers from her tender lips. The tension in her fraught body was reaching a peak. Without even needing to touch her engorged clitoris, she was about to have the most intense orgasm of her life. The overwhelming feelings of desire and lust merged with the now sharp pain of her bladder, creating a pleasure so intense she thought she would black out. She felt her pussy begin to convulse and part, her inner labia lips now visible as her vaginal muscles shuddered and trembled.

Sarah made her way out onto the landing as quietly as possible, hoping to delay Megan’s relief for just another few seconds. Slowly and quietly making her way down the stairs, her clitoris spontaneously convulsed at the sight of Megan and she nearly came right where she was standing. Primal instincts taking over, she could resist the call of Megan’s pussy no longer. As she approached, she saw Megan’s poor bulging bladder as she writhed around in desperation. Her legs were completely spread, her pussy lips fully parted and her throbbing clitoris stood proud and erect. Full to the brim with litres of hot golden pee, her bladder stuck out from her abdomen like a football. Her pussy lips shimmered in the light, wet and slippery, an enormous gush of wee about to erupt from between them.

Sarah knelt down in front of the most beautiful girl she had ever met, her vagina just inches from her face. Moving in closer, her nose almost touching Megan’s folds, she could smell the sweet scent of fresh urine. She swooned as the aroma of her pussy filled her nostrils, washing over her soul. Megan’s bladder convulsed and contracted, desperately trying to push the pee out of her tortured body. Her sphincter was about to fail, the wee about to spray out with an unstoppable force. Sarah felt dizzy from arousal. Extending her tongue she began to lick at Megan’s lips, the salty juices slipping down her throat.

Megan bucked in response, her body about to release and explode at the same time. Megan felt Sarah’s tongue caressing her lips, but didn’t care. Sharing this experience with someone could only make it better. Sarah’s tongue worked the folds of her pussy, sucking and teasing them, licking up the slippery lubrication from between her lips. She plunged her tongue deep into Megan’s vagina, drinking the love juices that were flowing like a stream. Moving up, as Sarah began to caress Megan’s clitoris, gently rolling it between her tongue and top teeth, Megan’s body bucked and writhed in ecstasy. The tension reached heights she never thought imaginable, the surge of an explosive orgasm reaching its crescendo, and hovering for what seemed like hours.

The whole day of holding had accumulated to this moment, the moment of release, the moment of relief, the moment she had thought about over and over again. Her bladder contracted, her wee squeezing down on her weary sphincter, convulsing and trembling under the strain. Her body could take the torture no more. Droplets of wee started to leak past her muscles, entering her urethra. Her bladder screaming, her clitoris pounding, her body shook and bucked as the first wave of orgasm crashed down, a surge of pleasure riding up from her genitals into her abdomen, into every nerve in her body. Her bladder exploded as a rush of hot pee hissed from her pussy.

The wee splashed into Sarah’s mouth and sizzled as it cascaded down her chin, flowing down her body and over her breasts, wetting her t shirt. Megan’s fanny squirted more and more as the stream grew stronger, hissing and sizzling from her delicate flaps. Convulsing, wave after wave of orgasm washed over her body as her pent up wee flowed unrelentingly. Cupping her mouth around the length of Megan’s pussy, the urine squirted into Sarah’s mouth, filling her cheeks before sliding down her throat. She gulped down mouthful after mouthful of the sweetest liquid she had ever encountered, only just being able to swallow quick enough to keep up with the flow.

Minutes later, Megan’s muscles started to relax. Her stream now a trickle, her body flopped back into the sofa. The most relaxed she’s been in her entire life, she smiled wide at the realisation of what had just happened. Her bladder felt tender and her clitoris even more so. Sarah removed her face from between Megan’s legs, her tongue licking up the last of Megan’s liquids. She moved up and lay beside her and they kissed passionately, tongues massaging and exploring each other’s mouths. Megan could taste her own salty juices as saliva was exchanged between them.

Wanting to repay the favour, Megan’s tongue moved down to Sarah’s chest. Kissing and caressing her, she licked up the spilt pee from Sarah’s body, sucking and tweaking her erect nipples in the process. Pulling down her leggings, she plunged her finger hard into Sarah’s pleading pussy and started to suck her clitoris. In a few short seconds, Sarah was having her own orgasm as she pushed harder into Megan’s face, her vagina pulsing and squirting as she ejaculated her come over Megan’s tongue.

Both girls now at the point of exhaustion, they collapsed into each other’s arms and slept.

*005*2012-10-14 18:51

Thanks for the positive feedback guys and girls, knowing other people enjoyed it makes me very happy. The trouble I have now for future stories is finding new ways of describing essentially the same thing. Coming up with something original is tricky. If anyone has any ideas I'd love to hear them, and perhaps I could write a new story based on the suggestions?

*008*2013-01-02 12:42

Hey guys, thanks for the feedback. The third instalment is in progress, set primarily in a theme park. I figured there would be lots of possibilities to explore in a setting like that. Thanks again chaps.

*014*2013-03-28 18:40

Thanks for those amazing comments everyone, they're really appreciated. I can't believe that even after 5 months people are still reading, and apparently enjoying, this story. I'm really humbled!

