Thieves - Page 3

Author: Anubis

*050*2014-01-17 02:22

I know I haven't posted much lately, but I honestly haven't been in the mood for Omorashi for a while and I got stuck in the progress of my stories. I've been working on this chapter on and off for quite a while, but it's ready now.

For a while there, I sort of pushed this story to the back of the shelf while I worked on The Assistant and the Stargate Fanfic, which have been collecting dust as well. I will get back to them, though. For those of you who've missed this story, here's another chapter for you.

Chapter 16: Just Like Old Times

Shelly tipped her head back and gasped again as she had a second orgasm. She pulled her hand away from Natalie's pee hole and clear pee started gushing out from between Natalie's trembling legs.

“I can't hold it anymore,” Natalie whispered from beneath Shelly's crotch.

Jake looked down and watched as Natalie's pee sprayed his feet and flowed down the drain. The feeling of the warm liquid spraying over his toes was too much for him. He couldn't take it anymore. With a loud groan, he lost control and the wet spot on the front of his shorts grew even more, but this time, he could not stop it. His own urine ran down his legs and mixed in with Natalie's before going down through the pipes underneath him.

Miss Aalia giggled. “Look at that, Miss Annette! They're both peeing, together!”

Miss Annette nodded. “Yes, they certainly are. It is such a beautiful sight, isn't it?”

Shelly reached her hand between Natalie's legs and let the pee spray over her fingers. She looked up at her mistress with a grin on her face. “Is it alright if I rub Natalie?”

The two dominant women glanced at each other, then back down at Shelly. Miss Aalia put her hands on her hips and smirked. “Alright, whatever. Go for it.”

When the flow of urine from Natalie's body started to die down, Shelly began to stroke Natalie's clit with her fingers. Natalie closed her eyes and started panting and groaning. She was really horny and it wouldn't be very long before she went over the edge.

Jake could only watch the scene unfold before him as his own stream gradually slowed and stopped. He desperately wanted to join in as an erection pushed out through the front of his soaked shorts.

Natalie grabbed her small breasts with her hands and closed her eyes. She squeezed them and turned her head to the side with a gasp as Shelly took her into paradise.

Miss Annette glanced at Jake's erection and chuckled. “Look at that boner.”

She moved closer to Jake and then lightly slapped his testes through his wet shorts with the back of her hand. He bent forward slightly and groaned.

Miss Annette chuckled again. “Did that hurt?”

Jake nodded. “Yes, it did, Miss Annette.”

Miss Annette grinned at him and chuckled. “Good.”

Shelly straightened her posture and Natalie slowly slid her head out from between Shelly's legs and sat upright. The two girls then looked up at their mistresses, who were both grinning at them.

Natalie looked up at Miss Aalia with an expression of horror on her face. “Mistress, I'm sorry that I peed without permission, but I couldn't keep it held in!”

Miss Aalia folded her arms and sneered. “I know, but I'm not going to punish you anymore. I feel that you've endured enough for tonight.”

Natalie sighed with relief and Miss Aalia motioned for her to stand. “Alright, Natalie, get up. I want you and Shelly to get cleaned up and then it will be bedtime for you.”

Natalie nodded and a half smile appeared on her face. “Yes Mistress. I'll do as you say.”

Miss Annette motioned for Shelly to stand as well. “Alright Slave Shelly, I want you to get cleaned up too. We're going to go back to my house for the night. I'm sure you are getting tired as well and you need your sleep. In the morning, you will clean my van.”

Shelly nodded and stood. “Yes Mistress, I understand.”

“Jake, come!” Miss Annette grabbed Jake by the shoulder and pulled him out of the tub.

“No, wait, I need to get cleaned up too!” Jake cried as the two mistresses pulled him out of the bathroom and shut the door, leaving the girls alone.

The two of them looked at each other and Natalie put a hand on her forehead and sighed as a grin appeared on her face. “I thought I was going to get whipped for peeing without permission! I guess Miss Aalia changed her mind, huh?”

Shelly nodded and smiled at her. “It looks like it, but I don't think Jake is going to get off as easily as you did.”

In the bedroom outside of the bathroom, Jake's cries and the sound of a whipping could be heard coming through the door. Natalie grimaced and nodded. “It does not appear as though he did...”

Shelly brushed Natalie's hair with her hand. “Alright, we need to get cleaned up and take a shower. We don't want to keep our mistresses waiting.”

Natalie nodded and pulled the curtain so that the two of them were hidden. She then turned on the water, drowning out the sounds of Jake's punishment. As they began cleaning up, they were both relieved knowing that Jake was getting what he deserved while the two women they had come to hate let Natalie's pee accident go unpunished.

