The Magical “Lit-mass” Christmas Party

Author: Aloe

*000*2018-01-02 14:38

Authors Note: As I began recounting my experience of this party, I realized I was embellishing ever so slightly, with other real experiences that I’ve had. I also realized I was okay with that, because it would make a pretty great story. That’s why it’s here, in the fiction section. In a sense, everything that follows is true, because everything I describe, including conversations, outline actual experiences that I’ve had. They just didn’t all happen at this same time, with the same person. If you have any feedback, please send it my way!!

Being festive person that I am, I could not resist going to an ugly Christmas sweater party. But after the first one turned out to be duller than a lecture on business finance, I finally relented. I gathered my energy, left my introversion at home, and went to the fabled “Lit-mass” Party. This is the story of that party.

I have several different friend groups; one in particular likes to party. Several years back, one of them held a party at their house, and it got so wild. Like Office Christmas party wild. Since then, we’ve had one every year, and we host it in different houses each time so the lovely neighbors don’t hate us for life. And since we’re a very punny group of people, we dubbed the party “Lit-mass” (definitely my idea).

Of course, I wouldn’t be posting this here if it wasn’t omorashi relevant. At the very first party, hosted by my friend, ummm, Rachel, there were several bathrooms in the house, and only one was open for use. Combine that with a crowd full zany party-goers, and you get a magical bathroom line that stretches across the wall. This led men to pee outside, as is the chivalrous thing for a gentleman to do, and line full of desperate, dancing, giggling women. Unfortunately for them, I wasn’t so chivalrous, and I took my place in line and enjoyed a very lovely show of leg crossing and pee dancing, until that fateful moment when my turn was up, and a line full of giggly, desperate girls would have my head if I took any longer than 5 minutes; that would be counterproductive. There hadn’t been a turnout like that since the very first “Lit-mass”, and every other house has had an abundance of bathrooms

*sigh*

But this particular “Lit-mass” was even better.

Last year, my friend Rachel got a new job at an amusement park. She’s super social, and made a lot of new friends, very fast. Using her newfound network of amusement park associates, she threw together another “Lit-mass” at one of her co- workers houses. As usual, I showed up with a bag full of tamales in my “Lit-mass” party casual (a wreath with a holographic cat wearing sunglasses, courtesy of Target). You’d be surprised how many new friends you’ll make when you show up with a bag of tamales. It’s like an instant ice breaker, especially because everyone thought I was white, and kept asking why this gringo knew how to make tamales. Exotic.

So anyways, I started talking to a bodacious latina named Lorena. She was wearing a form fitting maroon dress, with little Christmas lights adorning the dress like trimming. She was absolutely stunning. Totally out of my league. But I had tamales.

She worked with Rachel in the same department, and Rachel, being the relentless wingman that she is, introduced us and pointed us toward the bar. Normally I don’t invest much in party encounters, but there’s exceptions to everything. We were really hitting it off, and after several drinks and a few cold tamales, the chemistry was evident. I found out we were studying the same thing, and we were both movie buffs; she knew all of my pulp fiction quotes. She even laughed at my jokes too, which is always nice, but definitely too much to actually ask for. Better yet, she was pretty damn funny too, which almost made me uncomfortable. My machismo was enraged, like, how dare she be funnier than me!? It was pretty great. I was liking my odds at that point.

As we talked, I noticed she kept crossing her legs. With each of her playful brushes on my arm, she would readjust her footing. Part of me was thinking that her heels looked really uncomfortable, so they probably were. But the other, omorashi fueled part of my brain was thinking about all those drinks we had, and how she hadn’t been to the bathroom since she got here. Come to think of it, I hadn’t even seen the bathroom since I showed up. The tension rose as I watched Lorena subtly shift in front of me; I wondered if she even knew where the bathroom was. My inner desperation fan hoped she didn’t.

As I fought reign in my thoughts, Rachel passed by. By now, all of us are clearly drunk. She shouted at us over the music,

“Hey guys, you two having a good time!?”

”Can’t you tell!?” I said, as I nodded to Lorena.

”Oh I bet you are,” She teased, “But I was talking to Lorena!”

Lorena giggled. “Are you kidding? He fed me, he’s like speaking to my heart right now.”

”Geeze don’t encourage him!” She said as she playfully pushed Lorena.

Lorena stumbled back and caught her balance on the table, then instantly crossed her legs. My desperation senses went from 0- 100 right then and there.

”Don’t push me I have to pee!” Lorena whines, squeezing her thighs tighter.

”So what? I do too!” Rachel said, as she casually crossed legs. “Wanna come with?”

Lorena, with almost no hesitation, said “Nah, I’m good right now,” to the surprise of both Rachel and myself. This was a good sign.

”Suit yourself,” Rachel shrugged, “But I’m getting in line now before it backs up around the corner again!”

”Which corner?” I asked curiously.

“Straight down the hall and to the left, for future reference.” She said, as she uncrossed her legs and swiftly walked in the previously stated direction of the bathrooms.

There was a line? There was a line! My ‘Inner Alex’ was doing high jumps at the thought of a line of desperate ladies, and one of the most beautiful girls he had ever seen was already desperate, and refused to go. How good could this get? Well, alcohol fueled Alex decided to find out.

As Lorena turned back to me, legs still tightly crossed, I teased, “You gonna be alright over there?”

As if relieved that the cat was out of the bag, she uncrossed her legs, recrossed them, and bobbed gently on the spot. “I’ll be alright, I’ve had to go worse before!”

I continued to tease, relishing every moment of desperation talk, ”On a scale of 1-10, how bad is it?” I asked playfully.

She folded her hands in front of her lap and made a sort of thinking face, “Umm, probably like a 5 or a 6?”

”That’s it? So then pee dancing is a pastime for you?”

“Nooooo!” She giggled, and pranced lightly in place. “Okay, maybe it’s worse than a 5 or a 6. It might be like a 7.”

”You look like you’re warming up for a marathon,” I quipped, referring to her walking in place.

Lorena stifled a giggle, then burst out laughing, “AHAHAHA oh my god shut up!! You’re totally overthinking this, I have to pee. I have to pee enough to make me dance. Is that a good enough answer, or should I draw you a diagram?”

At which point I very boldly, and seductively asked her to draw me a diagram. She looked deep into my eyes, and said “hand me a pen.” We kissed passionately as she feverishly pee danced in place. We confessed our love to one another as she indulged in my kink. We rode off into the sunset and had 7 kids after eloping to Vegas.

And that’s how I met your mother.

Kidding. Of course I’m kidding. Imagine THAT episode of “How I Met Your Mother?” It’d probably never air.

No, no, no. That’s not how you ask a desperate girl to draw you a diagram.

You ask politely.

”I think you should draw me a diagram.” I ‘asked’, politely.

”Oh my god, what the hell is wrong with you!?” She giggled, and after a short silence she smirked at me, crossed her legs, and asked, “do you have a pen and paper?”

I gulped.

”For what?”

”For the diagram? Duh”

”Ahaaaaaa! Youuuu.... you’re a funny one youuuu.” I nervously countered.

“You’re the weirdo who wants a diagram of my pee dance!” She teased, crossing her legs and bending forward.

Well damn. I’d been caught. In my drunken stupor of lust and desire I’d been caught. Kind of. Oh well.

I stared at her as she bobbed in place and stared back at me. My lust was rising by the second, and I was acutely aware of the great view I had of her plentiful cleavage from this angle.

“See something you like?” She asked, coyly.

Yikes. Ummmmmm.....

“Yes, your lovely smile.”

Ehhh. Predictable.

“Oh, is that what you call these?” As she pressed her outward for reference.

Okay, ummmmm.....

“No, I call those boobs.”

Probably rude. But honest.

“AHAHAHA!” She laughed, double crossed her thick thighs, and bent over, pressing a hand over the crotch of her dress. “I call them that too.” She said, with a sexy smile. “Well if you like my smile so much, why have you been looking at my legs for the past 20 minutes?”

Ummmmmmmmm......

Screw it. What did I have to lose!?

Well, a lot. I could scare this girl off with my weird pee related flirting.

But I felt confident enough to pull it off.

I leaned forward, and with a playful smile, unwavering eye contact, and the slightest hint of suggestion, I say, “Well maybe I like your dance moves.”

We stood in silence for a second, Lorena with a quizzical yet intrigued look on her face. Silence being relative to our conversation, not the blaring music surrounding us.

Silence.

And then laughter. Copious laughter.

“AHAHA! What, you mean my pee dance!?” She asked incredulously, thighs pressed tightly together.

“Yeaaah!” I said, playing my newfound leeway as cooly as possible. “It’s in perfect time to the music, you’re a natural!”

“Uh huhhh, surrrre.” She slapped me playfully on the shoulder. “Well I’m glad you can appreciate the little things.” She teased, with another squeeze of her thighs.

“I’m a keeper,” I winked.

She looked as if she were contemplating something, earnestly. Her eyes darted to the bathroom, then the bar, then me. Then she smiled.

“Let’s take a shot.” She said. “Tequila?”

“I too like to live dangerously,” I quip back.

“Do behave,” She slurred mockingly.

For some reason, Austin Powers was totally working right now.

She smiles wryly, and saunters over to the bar table. She bends one knee into the other, and shifts lightly from foot to foot, before settling into a firm cross legged position as she poured the tequila.

I looked around, and was surprised as to what I’d missed. I spied a beer pong table about to free up, some poor chumps got stuck on the last cup for almost 15 minutes. Also, the bathroom line was rounding the corner now, an indication that a host of desperate ladies were cued up for relief, and the lovely Lorena had denied it for the second time.

Mischievous side took over. I knew what I wanted to do.

Lorena came back with a suggestive smile and handed me the shot.

“What did you put in it Lorena?” I ask suspiciously.

“Oh my gosh nothing, I swear!”

“You’re not trying to take advantage of me are you?”

“Alex, I don’t need to drug you to take advantage of you.” She giggles suggestively.

“Sounds like ‘all talk’ to meeee.”

“Well we’ll seeeeee.” She smiled. I really did like her smile. Then she crossed her legs. I liked that too. I look up to see her staring intently at me, oddly.

She smiled and said, “A toast: to living dangerously!”

Dammit, that should’ve been my line. She’s like, doing my job for me. I smiled knowingly, and we downed the shots.

Time to act.

“Alex, do you play beer pong? The table just freed up!” She asked innocently.

Wow. That was disarming. She’s two for two right now, but I’m not complaining.

“I’m better than most, maybe.” I shrug.

“Well that’s better than most. Let’s go, and grab me a beer on the way out!”

Didn’t she have to pee really bad a second ago? Did she forget? Attempting to take back control, I feel the odd need to remind her.

“You sure you don’t want to visit the ladies first?”

“No, we’ll lose the table silly!” She said patronizingly.

“You might be a little uncomfortable....”

As she approaches the doorway, she turned on her heel and looked me in the eye. And with that bewitching smile, she taunted me, “What, I thought you liked my dance moves?”

Now thoroughly and completely disarmed, she smiled coyly, and proceeded to reserve the table, crossing her legs as soon as she got there.

So like any self respecting, dumbfounded, omorashi enthusiast would do, I grabbed two beers (and several more, just in case), and walked outside to join my unofficial date for the evening.

With a gentle curtsy, and a slight swaying of the hips and her curvaceous backside, Lorena handed me the ping pong ball, as she popped open her drink with a smile and said, “you go first.”

*004*2018-01-03 14:52

{{21 hours ago, DespMely said:

Loving this already:)

Great story!

}}

Thanks girly :’)

{{22 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

This story is excellent

}}

{{14 hours ago, AlmightyIdiot said:

This story is sooooo entertaining. Please let there be more to this!!!

}}

Thank you for your support guys!! There’s definitely going to be more, this is only the rising action; things haven’t quite “climaxed” yet (see what I did there?) xD

I’m open to suggestions!!

*007*2018-01-03 20:44

{{1 hour ago, Indigo said:

Dammit! I LOVE your dialogue ... and I really wish I'd written this!!!

(Praise doesn't come much higher than that, even if I do say so myself ... )

}}

Thanks mah dude, the honor is all mine x)

*008*2018-01-04 06:45

{{11 hours ago, tuffstough said:

Praying for a wetting

}}

Spoiler alert: you’ll probably get your wish ;)

*014*2018-02-22 12:01

Sorry for the delay ladies and gents!

Where was I? Oh yeah. I watching a beautiful latin woman pee dance in front of me, before boldly signing up for the next game of beer pong.

I stood there feeling all kinds of things. I felt aroused as a looked at her plump ass swaying back and forth, and even more aroused as I thought about all the pee sloshing around inside her. But I also felt confused: like, why though? She could just go pee now and her troubles would be over. But she’d chosen her fate, and I was far from being a man to disrespect her very intentional choice to hold on.

Lorena crossed her legs and bounced in place, sticking her butt out prominently as she bent at the waist. She glanced up at me, “Should I go first or should you?”

”I’m a gentleman, and the lady is always first!” I state valiantly, “but you’ll have to hold still if you expect to get anywhere!”

She put a hand on her chest in mock surprise, “Alex! Have some faith in me! I’ve had a lot to drink, and everyone knows you’re better after you’ve had a lot to drink!”

”That’s true, but it looks like its past the point where it would be helpful!” I tease, referring to her crossed legs.

”Oh please, do I look uncomfortable?”

Hmmmm. Good point. She had a broad grin across her face, despite her full bladder. This was not her first rodeo.

”You look cute and very overconfident,” I tease, “don’t bite off more than you can chew!”

Lorena playfully slaps me, “oh gosh, you swear like I’ve never been desperate to pee before.”

The words sent a chill of arousal up my spine.

”What was that not too long ago about living dangerously?” She teased as winked at me with a hint of suggestion.

“AHA! Who said you could make jokes off of my jokes!?”

“I didn’t know there was a copyright!”

Theres not. But there should be.

”Alright smart one, it’s your funeral....” as I trail off, Lorena crossed her legs one more time and bobbed once more as she took eyes our opponents (Chester and Marc or something fratty like that, who cares), and took the shot.

*Swoosh*

”Your turn,” she smiled as she handed me the ping pong ball. My approach is usually an aggressive fast ball right into the cup that I was kind of aiming for. For whatever reason (certainly not my incompetence), I missed.

*Swoosh*

Lorena again right down the middle, with an arc on the shot worthy of the basketball court. As we continued playing, and naturally, kicking their asses, conversation got a little slow. I casually wondered whether she actually did play basketball. She was definitely athletic enough!

”Sheesh, you must’ve played basketball at some point!”

”I did actually! I was point guard I’m high school!” She smiled sweetly, her legs firmly crossed.

”Wow, sounds fancy!”

”Nothing too fancy,” she corrected, “I was on the varsity squad all 4 years. I even placed all CIF.” She reflected with pride!

“You’re kidding me, that’s incredible! So you went to college on scholarship then?”

Lorena’s expression suddenly changed, her face clearly indicating hesitation.

”Ehhhh....,” she mumbled, “I was so done by the time I graduated. Totally basketballed out. Like, I felt totally overworked. The last thing I wanted to do was play for another 4 years. It just didn’t feel worth it in the Long run.”

“Oh....” I muttered. Shit just got real, but that’s okay. That’s what real life looks like.

“I.... I get that. Like, it really sucks when you get overworked to the point where your passion is more of an inconvenience than it is a passion.”

Lorena took a moment and looked at me, with a thoughtful and almost dewey- eyed expression across her face. “Yeah.... I don’t know, I kind of wish I kept playing.”

”They don’t know what they’re missing.” I playfully patted her head, “at 5’4” you could’ve set a record for the shortest MVP!”

“AHAHA!!!” Lorena roared with laughter, doubling over and crossing her legs to prevent any leaks. People around us turn their heads in confusion and intrigue. “Shut the HELL up! I am not that short!”

”Dude, if it weren’t for modern technology you’d have to sit on a phone book to see the road!”

Another roar of laughter came from Lorena, this time placing her hands in between her legs for added support.

”Alex, oh my god stop! I swear to god you’re going to make me pee my pants!”

I turn bright red, but that’s become a common thing this evening. “HA! You can do that without any help from me!” I tease, as she breaks her desperate pretzel pose and begins stepping from foot to foot.

”And makes you say that?” She teased, “Was it the dancing again?”

”It was definitely the dancing again. That and all the beer you drank.”

The look on her face was one of subtle realization. While we had been talking, Ben and Jerry’s, or whatever the hell their names were, had made it a point to score on us, and I had made it a point to ‘miss’ more often, just to drag the game on a little longer.

”Ahaha! I can’t help it, like I really can’t at this point. The more you have to pee, the more you have to dance. They go together, you know?”

Oh trust me, I know.

*swoosh*

Tom and Jerry seemed to have scored on us during our pee related banter. What a damn shame.

I picked up a beer and offered it to her, “you know the rules girly.” I wink as I give her the beer.

With a playful sigh, and a coy smile, Lorena takes a long swig of her beer before carefully placing it back on the table. She bit her lips and folded her hands together as she alternated crossing one leg over the other.

Lorena bobbed on the spot and stuck her plump butt out as I stepped up for the free throw.

Air ball. Of course.

“Alex have you ever even played before!?” She teased, now stepping firmly from foot to foot.

”Hey I said I was better than most. But when you think about ‘most,’ most have never played.”

Critical thinking 101.

”Whatever Einstein.”

*Swoosh*

Only one cup left, fortunately for her. She was now visibly desperate. Anyone who saw her could easily tell this beautiful woman was prancing around with a full bladder. I think that was the best part actually; Lorena was so candid about her desperation. I was getting the show of a lifetime.

Lorena raised one knee and steadied herself in my shoulder, “Geeze Alex, why’d you have to suck so bad? I literally have to pee sooo bad right now.”

”How bad again?” I teased.

”Sooooo bad.” She giggled, with a sharp curtsy. She bit her lip and looked me in the eye as she playfully says, “my bladder is so full right now.”

Music to my ears.

Playfulness slowly turned to sexual tension as I placed my hand on the small of her back. ”Well you have to stay till we finish the game Lorena, otherwise that would be rude!” I tease pulling her closer.

”I don’t know if I can last that long,” she said, squirming in my arm next to me, “I’m already making a scene, if I wait any longer I’ll be YouTube famous!” She giggled.

She was right. Several men and more than one woman kept glancing over at this beautiful woman, who seemed to be on the verge of an accident. Whether The watched out of intrigue or arousal, I was not sure. But Lorena had an audience now.

She raised a knee to apply pressure to her pelvic floor, and stomped firmly on the ground. “I have to go before.....”

I look at her nervously, dare I ask?

Of course I do. Why wouldn’t I?

”..... Before you pee your pants?” I ask sheepishly.

”Well I’m not wearing pants technically. But yeah, something like that.” She giggles, now prancing up and down next to me.

“We only have one shot to go. It definitely can’t wait.” I wink at her, my hand now resting on her lovely hip.

She opens her mouth with mock surprise once again, “Wow, you’res evil! You’re some kind of sadist aren’t you?”

“HA! I’m definitely some kind.” I’ve only known this girl for a few hours and she’s already reading me like a book.

She contemplates for a minute, walking on the spot and swaying her hips left and right, before breaking the silence.

”Well you’re in luck. I just happens that I really want to win, and the bathroom line is very long. So I might as well, you know?” She winks.

But this girl can not stand still. It looks like she’s rehearsing salsa steps. There’s no way she can-

*swoosh*

Game over.

”Thank god,” she mumbles, placing a hand over her dress, “Now for a well deserved pee.”

”After a long wait of course,” I gently remind her, nodding to the impacted bathroom line.

”I didn’t forget,” she giggle, but with viably more distress. “Care to join me?”

Duh.

*017*2018-02-22 18:18

Once again guys, sorry for the wait! Please feel free to leave me any feedback or suggestions!

*019*2018-02-23 03:51

{{2 hours ago, AlmightyIdiot said:

Ahhhh naw, not another cliffhanger. Love that you kept switching their names. You weren't kidding when you two had chemistry between each other, what a pair! You two had to meet again after the party. Can't wait for part 3.

}}

LOL true story I screw names up all the time. To this day I have someone in my phone under Kendra Lamar.

As for part 3, you’ll be pleasantly surprised ?

*022*2018-02-25 22:52

{{On 2/22/2018 at 8:49 AM, Melificentfan said:

Damn that was a great chapter can't wait to find out if Laura makes it or not

}}

{{On 2/22/2018 at 10:03 AM, Uniee said:

Great so far

}}

Thank you guys for the support!!

{{7 hours ago, New_Macca said:

Absolutely loving this. I’d love to hear the true story it is based off . Part of me is really rooting that she holds out as has done so well waiting so long.

}}

It’s actually based off of several true stories combined into one, between my relationship dynamic with some of my girlfriends, and the actual events of several parties I’ve been too. I just took all the best elements and had a little fun with them

{{19 hours ago, jimpix123 said:

Ooooh shit I hope she makes it and we get to "watch"

}}

I can’t make any promises, but we get to watch something happen, that’s for sure

