The Eevees' Plight

Author: Eeveeluver00

*000*2012-02-12 19:37

NOTE: The Eeveelutions are all female.

Eon the Eevee sat around a small rice mat inside the Eevees' Dojo.

"Assessments are tomorrow." Vapor the Vaporeon said, chugging down a bowl of corn and broth.

"Yeah." Flare squirmed with discomfort at the sight of the yellow liquid. She didn't want to admit it, but she had woke up sorta late, and hadn't relieved herself all day.

Espi looked up from her bowl of rice.

"I'll pass, I'm pretty sure." she looked into the future. Yes, she would pass but- She laughed. Good old Flare!

Umbri stopped chewing her fish.

"I'll shred anyone who gets in my way."

"Calm down, Umbri," Vapor said, feeling a slight discomfort ad the broth slosh inside her belly.

"Vapor is right," said Leaf, the Leafeon, her mouth full of seaweed.

Flare shifted uncomfortably as she felt a painful spasm run down her full bladder. She wished she could ecscuse herself to go to the bathroom, but this was an important meeting, and her sisters couldn't stop just so Flare could urinate.

Glace, the ice type, had been very sick the past week, and although she was well enough to train, she suddenly felt an overwhelming urge to pee, but was too shy to tell anyone of her need.

Jolt, the sparking electric type, who had had too many cups of tea, had FINALLY calmed down, and then realized she was dangerously close to wetting herself.

"Alright girls," said Eon "Lets get to work!"

By now, Flare had gotten pretty desperate, and now crossed her paws and grabbed herself when no one was looking. The urge was pretty bad, and a painful spasm caused her to leak several drops of urine, and, as if those few drops sent a false message of relief to her brain, there was a sudden hissing sound and she realized too late that she had just peed herself. She whimpered as her bladder finished emptying its self.

She hung her head in shame, and tears streamed down her face. She bolted outside and sat by the river crying. She washed up, then, blushing, she went back inside.

Espi was shocked by what she had just seen, and a sudden urge shocked her."

"Not now..."

Jolt begged Eon to let her go, but Eon told her this training was too important. Vapor used water pulse to clean Flare's accident, then they continued training.

Jolt groaned as her bladder demanded to be emptied.

Please, Eon," she begged, "I REALLY need to go!"

Eon sighed.

"Fine, but please hurry."

Jolt scurried outside, clutching tightly to her crotch.

"Darn it, were do I go!?" she moaned.

She felt another wave of desperation, and wondered how long it would be until the floodgates opened. She was about to relieve herself behind a bush, but she felt like she was being watched, and she saw a Rattata several feet away. The rock by the dojo would have worked, but Jolt was picky, and as she stepped behind it, she saw it was filthy. But her bladder decided to empty its self right then and there, so she reluctantly squatted down to urinate.

Espi looked around the dojo. Maybe she could duck behind a training dummy for a moment of privacy. Just one minute was all she needed. A single minute to empty her swollen bladder, and then she could continue training. She hid behind a target and squatted down, feeling almost instantly relieved. Suddenly, she heard pawsteps approaching her.

Shoot! How was she going to get out of THIS one?

She blushed as Umbri saw her. Umbri's eyes were wide with horror, but that was right away replaced with an amused twinkle.

"Don't tell!" begged Espi.

Vapor began to jog in place, dancing from paw to paw and struggling to hold in her urine. The pressure increased greatly, and she knew she needed relief, and fast!

She felt a slight trickle, and stared in horror as she realized she was peeing. She managed to gain control again, and grabbed herself, tears streaming down her face. She applied more pressure to her damp crotch, hoping that training would end soon. She groaned as she felt another, more painful wave wash over her bladder. She shivered as the sore, tingly feeling returned, this time worse. She felt a few more drops force their way out, despite her efforts to hold it in. She gripped herself even tighter, then realized there was nothing she could do. She felt a few drops. Then a stream. A puddle. Slowly, she began to soak herself, groaning and blushing.

Glace sighed and decided to tell Eon that she wasn't feeling well. She couldn't wet herself, not in front of her sisters. She walked up to Eon. But just as she opened her mouth to speak, a spurt escaped her without warning. She tried to gain control, but even as Eon let her go, she was leaking slightly. She stepped outside, not even bothering to hide herself as she sighed with relief.

Leaf jumped ag a target, missing entirely, as she suddenly grabbed herself, falling several feet away. She bounced up and down, trying not to wet. She felt Eon's gaze, eying her suspiciously, but she didn't care. She just needed to pee. BADLY! She moaned and doubled over as she felt another jolt of desperation. She knew it was too late.

HISSSSSSSSSS!

She felt the warm yellow stream run down her paws. She gasped as she finished urinating, and Eon sighed. What had gotten in to her sisters?

She felt a slight twinge, but ignored it.

Umbri, apon seeing Espi simply squat down behind a target and go, secretly had to go to, and decided to do the same thing, grunting with pleasure as she finished.

Eon sighed again. She suddenly felt her self lurch forward as her bladder groaned.

NOW she understood her desperate sisters. She ran outside as she felt a squirt of liquid escape her body, and gasped as everything she drank that morning reapeared under her wet tail. She blushed at the visible wetness on her fur. She sighed, but this time, not in frustration, but in relief.

(Sorry,I kinda wrote this in a hurry, and there are probably spelling and/or grammar errors, sorry. I do take requests, and I will try to do better next time. Please tell me if you have any questions, requests, comments, or complaints, please let me know.)

*002*2012-02-26 15:57

{{: 

Very good pokemon omorashi, It's got to be one of the most detailed I've read recently. Keep it up!

}}

Thanks, will do! Although I may take a break from Pokemon Omorashi to continue working on the Warriors one. You wouldn't be interested in an rp, would you?

*004*2012-03-11 21:24

{{: 

You should make a female pikachu omorashi story next time

}}

Sure, I'll see what I can do

*006*2012-03-14 20:40

{{: 

Augh, what a fantastic read, I love pokemashi XD. Both this one and the Pikachu story were excellent, all I ask is that you do more :3 perhaps with Wigglytuff? Though honestly if you stayed with eeveelutions and pikachus I would be more then satisfied :). Thanks for the stories!

}}

Hmm, Wigglytuff, now that's a thought. Were you thinking the Guild Master or just any old Wigglytuff?

*008*2012-03-16 02:06

{{: 

I was thinking of the Guild Master, but he's male, so other pokemon too (eevee and pikachu and other female ones? :D)

}}

Sure, I will try, sorry but I might not have it right away, hopefully by Sunday at the latest. :)

*010*2012-05-15 00:01

Okay, I still have one or two stories that I should have had done months ago…crap…

Okay, who wanted me to write what?

