What Are We Supposed To Do If We Have To Pee? (An Agents Of SHIELD fanfic)

Author: Guest SAM996

*000*2015-08-22 14:49

So my original fanfics have done well (and if you haven't read those then check them out). But since those were original and I will continue doing fanfics with those characters I decided to try and take a crack at doing something from an established property. More specifically adapt something that was only implied but we didn't see. In Agents of Shield Season 1 episode four during a conversation with Ward, Skye says she has to pee but we don't see how she ultimately goes. Here's my version of what happened afterwards. Enjoy hope its good.

Skye hated that they were just left to do surveillance duty in the van. They are agents of Shield they should all be going in there. As Skye sighed she suddenly felt a slight twinge in her bladder signalising she had to pee just as they found some kind of signal.

"Great" Skye whispered as she dialled up Ward. Or "The robot" as she called him in reference to how the guy never smiled. Finally he picked up.

"Did you locate Amador?" Ward answered

"What? No not yet but we've found a broadcast with some weird signal encrypted into it" Skye answered trying to ignore the desperation of her need.

"You think Amador might be communicating on that signal?" Ward asked hoping she had found something

"Maybe but I called with an equally impressing question for you, my S.O. what are we supposed to do if we have to pee?" Skye was in no need for Ward's crap so she hoped he gave her a straight answer.

After being chastised for doing this hey its an emergency what the hell was she supposed to do she signalled Simmons to search blue chest for some kind of container. She was annoyed to see a water bottle in Simmons' hand.

"Not the water bottle?" Skye asked as if he was serious.

"That's the one" Ward answered

"Did you ever learn the thing that boy parts and girl parts are different, and our parts aren't penises" Skye was really annoyed with him now and she really had to go.

After more arguing and asking about some snacks for Fitz she suddenly didn't hear Ward anymore.

"Uh hello? He hung up" Skye said. Great now what?

"Can't believe he expects us to go to the bathroom in that" Skye was annoyed they should have better things for people to use than that if they were on a stakeout god help them if they had to do something else which was gross so she preferred not to think about that.

"So what are you going to wait?" Fitz asked

"I don't know." Skye answered. What could she do? May and the bus were to far away there'd be no way she'd make it back to her in time.

"Well the capacity to hold urine can only go so far. And judging by what state you're in you might need to start looking for options" Simmons answered ever so the bio chemist trying to make light of situations

"Thank you Simmons but spare me the science mumbo jumbo right now" Skye said as she squirmed in desperation. She was going to have to try and use that bottle

"Turn around both of you" Skye said

Fitz and Simmons understanding looked away as Skye grabbed the bottle and placed it on the floor sighing as she was about to do this. She pulled down her pants and panties and positioned herself over the bottle as she tried to balance and let go.

"Come on" Skye whispered as she struggled to keep balance god no wonder she didn't want to use this.

"If you need us to leave we can" Simmons said

With that Skye toppled over onto the floor. Frustrated she got up holding her pants together as she opened the door of the van.

"Stay here you two I'll be right back and don't turn around until I close the door." Skye said the last thing she wanted was her friends to see her with her pants down as she got out and closed the door. Hurriedly looking around for a spot to go not caring where anymore Skye finally spotted a large tree. Quickly making sure nobody was around she dashed to it.

"God damn you Ward" Skye was going to kill him later as she once again pulled down her pants and panties and squatted down and finally let go as her urine splashed to the ground and she sighed happily in relief. God the feeling felt good as Skye continued to go her stream felt it was going forever.

Finally finishing up and shaking off any drops of pee Skye stood up and pulled up her pants and panties again. That felt good but Ward was going to pay for making her prolong this as Skye walked back to the van. Unbeknownst to her May had been behind the tree all along and heard her as she was just finished having gone herself.

"Don't worry Skye. Happens to the best of us" May said in a rare smile as she returned to the bus

THE END

So yeah that's the end of that. And no May didn't have to go to the bathroom in the episode I just added it to give it a surprise end that May was there to and to make Skye feel better as even the best have to go sometimes its just how you hide it. Anyway hope you enjoyed.

