Urine Danger, Sam Winchester

Author: CuddleBunny

*000*2012-09-04 03:08

This is a little one-shot I decided to type up... I guess I thought it would be sexy. It is, at least to me. It's Sam from Supernatural, as you could probably tell from the title and description. It doesn't ship him and Dean (at least, no more than the show itself ships them), it's all about Sam having to hold it in. This story fits pretty much anywhere in the series when they're not too busy with apocalypse-level duties to hunt normal monsters, so I didn't worry about making sure to put it at any particular point in the series. I normally avoid cursing, except for dirty talk, but it's in-character of Dean and I'm trying to be more comfortable with writing characters who curse, so there's a little cursing at the end. I don't own Supernatural or its characters, the CW does, yadda yada.

###

Sam woke up. He had to pee. It had been almost two days, and he was surprised he'd held it in while he was knocked out. He knew that if he let out even a dribble, the candiru-monster they'd been chasing would make a beeline for him, and he'd lost his silver knife in the scuffle that had knocked him out. What kind of horrible person would create a fish-human thaumaturgy monster out of a candiru, one of the few species to track its prey by the scent of urea?

There was a sharp pain in Sam's lower abdomen. He knew he could only hold out for a couple of minutes, and hoped Dean would arrive soon. Dean was only a minute or two behind, so if he was still alive, Sam had been out for less than a minute. He heard a soft hissing from barely a dozen feet away, and clenched his sphincter tight. The fear of hearing the creature "sniffing" made him need to pee, but the creature's presence made it impossible. Grabbing his groin in hopes that holding with his hand would help, Sam realized the pressure wasn't only from the urine, but also from his penis, more than half-erect from a fold in his jeans. Was he... Was he getting some kind of sexual thrill out of this? If Dean ever found out, Sam would never hear the end of it.

Suddenly, Sam felt a twitch, and a tiny warm spot appeared under his hand. "Dean, hurry..." he whined. The creature couldn't track by sound, but it was only a matter of time, possibly only seconds, before it took another sniff and noticed the trace scent of urine in the air, like blood to a shark. Another soft hiss. "Dean!"

The creature stirred, moving its head and hissing over and over. As it pinpointed Sam's location, he could hear its flippered hands and feet scraping and sliding across the floor. Such a clumsy creature could only have been made by someone who wanted them, or other hunters, in this exact situation. As the creature moved toward him, slowly speeding up, Sam's breathing increased. His brow, already wrinkled from the effort of holding in the contents of his bladder, furrowed deeply, and Sam swallowed hard in the knowledge that his next movement would either help him escape or release his urine through his pants and onto the floor, dooming him to be captured by the creature.

Its silhouette was visible in the dim light. Sam could see its spines rustling, the sign that it was about to strike. He knew he couldn't make it. A flash of movement before him, and Sam tried to roll away but was stopped in his tracks by the feeling of his bladder releasing. It felt like the release of ejaculation, but with a thousand times as much hot liquid flowing from him. "Oh god..." he thought, as much from the release as from the embarassment. "My last living thought is how sexy it is to wet myself?" He moaned, eyes closed, wating for the strike to reach him, but there was none. Seconds ticked by, and he opened his eyes to see Dean standing over him wiping blood-tinted ectoplasm from a knife.

Dean grinned. "Hey, little bro. Is that pee in your pants, or are you just happy to see me?"

