Resident Evil: The Mansion Accident - Page 2

Author: OmoCommando

*026*2012-10-22 22:48

Dun worry its fixed now. Thanks, Shu!

*027*2012-10-22 23:55

So here it is. The conclusion to the story of The Mansion Accident. I hope everyone has enjoyed the story, I know I've had fun writing it. So, here it is.

Jill continued forward through the facility, her revolver clenched firmly in her hands. So many different kinds of cries, howls, moans and roars echoed through the entire lab. The lights flickered, a wire sparked. The sound of an automatic door could be heard beating against something organic. Jill took her beret off and wiped her forehead. Odd clicks and taps were now sounding.

Wait... that sounds close.

Jill readied her weapon again and hugged the wall. She peeked around the corner, where a large insectoid creature stumbled in her direction. It soon began making sniffing noises. Jill’s eyes went wide, and she looked down at her slightly stained pants. Oh no! He smells me! The creature broke into intense pursuit, eager to locate the source of that smell. Jill wasted no time in waiting for it to come to her though. She dived from her cover, and pointed the barrel of her weapon in the creature’s direction. Three shots rang, three splashes of black insect blood flew through the air. Jill tried to fire again, but the cylinder was empty.

She looked up at the creature. It struggled after its prey, but its body wasn’t allowing it to move. The giant bug gurgled, buzzed, then crashed to the ground. Jill wasted no time, though. She opened the cylinder, let the empty casings fall to the ground, and put in six fresh cartridges. Jill quickly moved into a nearby room and hid under a desk. The heavy footfalls of several of those “hunters” passed through the halls, most likely searching for the source of those gun shots. When the footsteps faded, Jill poked her head out. The feelings in her lower body were becoming ever more demanding. Her bladder called out, saying that it was time. Jill clenched her teeth and began pressing herself down there.

“Wait, what’s this?”

She looked through some papers on the desk. It was all status updates and reports about the various project that were going on. Jill’s brow furrowed as she read the implementation of some of these experiments.

“Jill!” A familiar voice called.

“Chris!”

“What’s going on?”

Jill showed Chris the papers. “Look at this! They’ve been using human test subjects for these experiments! Have you seen those reptile and insect... things?”

“Yeah.”

“They were the result of DNA from those animals being implanted into living embryos!”

Chris’ eyes widened. “You don’t mean...”

“They put this crap into pregnant women, and killed them after the birth!”

“Oh God...” Chris’ surprise quickly turned to anger. “Whose responsible for this!?” He grabbed the paper from Jill’s hand, his eyes scanning the document at lightning speeds. He then struck the bottom corner of the paper with his finger.

Jill looked at where Chris pointed, the octagonal shape filled with two white areas and two red marked who these scientists worked for. “That pharmaceutical company, Umbrella.”

“Jill, I think someone’s working against us here. I found captain Enrico and I he was telling me that there was a traitor among Alpha team. But before he could tell me, he was shot.”

Jill paused, then swallowed. “I think I know who it is.”

“Sorry, Jill...”

Jill looked over at the door to see Barry Burton aiming his gun at her and Chris. “Barry... you led me to that hunter on purpose, didn’t you? Why!?”

“To protect my family. Please just come with me.”

Barry led Chris and Jill further down the hall. Several more zombies and hunter lay dead on the ground. They eventually came to a large door. “Step in, please.” Chris and Jill went in. The room had lab equipment far more advanced than what had been seen so far, including a lot of restraining devices. In the center of the room though, was a single large specimen tube with a giant, pale humanoid creature. Jill felt her urinary muscles begin to waver again. The creature was truly a horror to behold. It’s left arm was horribly deformed, looking like a giant claw now, and it’s heart was exposed. At its control terminal, though, was yet another familiar face.

“Captain Wesker?” Jill asked in dismay. “What... how!?”

“I’ve been seeing just how well exactly real combat trained professionals such as yourselves would fare against our B.O.Ws.

“‘Our’?!” Chris yelled.

“Yes, Chris. I truly work for Umbrella. And this was our plan. To see just how well our new toys could fight.” Wesker grinned. “This is our finest, and most strongest. Named after the virus that gave it birth, the Tyrant.”

“And Barry?” Jill asked.

“Barry was the instrument of my success. I used him to help destroy evidence of mine and Umbrella’s involvement, but I hadn’t counted on there being survivors from Bravo team. Captain Enrico knew too much, you see.”

“You killed Enrico!?” Chris growled.

“Yes Chris, as surely as I killed Forest, Richard, Kenneth, Joseph and Rebecca!” Wesker taunted.

“You bastard... That girl had a whole future ahead of her!” Jill cried.

“Barry was necessary, though his family was never truly in any danger.”

“What!?” Barry yelled.

Wesker laughed loudly. “Umbrella couldn’t care less about the status of you family, Burton. But it was necessary for you to do my bidding.”

Jill looked over at Barry. She had never seen that sweet, loving man so angry. His brow ever bent inward, his teeth barred like one of those dogs, his fists clenched like an iron vice, she could swear he was going to shatter his own gun.

“I’ve programmed the Tyrant to eliminate all remaining S.T.A.R.S members, so even Brad won’t escape this, the craven coward.” The white monstrosity began to stir within its prison. “You all have may be ten seconds to-”

Bang!

A gunshot fired from behind Jill, and another spurt of urine spilled into her panties. She casually looked down, but this one didn’t show up any more than the other one. Barry held his gun up, the muzzle smoking.

“Uh... ungh... gaa...” Wesker clenched the left side of his chest as blood poured out of the wound. He fell on top of the console, struggling to stay upright. “It doesn’t matter... you’re all dead!” He hit a button, and the Tyrant snapped awake. The creature smashed through the glass, and ineffable fluid spilled all over the floor. “This is the end for you all!” Wesker laughed. Much to Jill’s surprise though, the Tyrant turned toward its supposed master, and impaled him directly through the abdomen, then flung him across the room. Albert Wesker was dead before he even hit the wall.

“Jill...” Chris started. The Tyrant turned toward him and Jill then charged. Jill searched for her gun frantically, finding only her hip. Her blood pressure shot up, and she began to hyper-ventilate. In the heat of the moment, Jill almost failed to feel the hot liquid running down her pants. The white fabric began to become dark, and from her crotch came a very visible yellow stream. Jill fell backwards into the puddle of fluid from the Tyrant’s previous home to try and hide her shame.

Chris and Barry were too engaged with their enemy to notice though. She couldn’t stop it, pee continued to shoot from her body, and the pale green fluid was beginning to change color. Jill tried and tried to stop the flow, but the simple fact was that her body wanted the relief and wouldn’t comply with her brain. For almost a full thirty seconds, Jill continued to pee all over her pants. When she finally emptied the last of her bladder, she deliberately rolled around in the fluid from the specimen tube for a while. Her pants were completely soaked, but at least nobody would know from what.

“Jill! Help!” Chris fired his last shell into the Tyrant’s exposed heart, but for such a sensitive-looking organ, it was surprisingly durable. It knocked Chris’ shotgun away and grabbed him around the neck with its more normal looking hand. “Jill...”

“Chris! No!” Jill finally found her revolver in her belt, drew it, and fired all six rounds into the creatures arm. Against the fifty caliber rounds, even the Tyrant could not protect itself. A huge gash was left where Jill had fired. Barry emptied the last of his ammo into the Tyrant’s heart, and the creature finally released Chris and stumbled backward, dazed by the onslaught of massive bullets.

“Come on! Let’s get out of here!” Barry cried. The three ran out of the room at top speed. A few zombies that had heard the commotion tried to grab the feeling three. Jill and Chris drew their 9mm guns and took them out quickly, two head shots each. Chris was the startled as his radio began to crackle to life.

“...anyone there? ........ Brad Vickers.... I....... need evac. I repeat, does anyone copy? Do you need evac? Captain, Chris, Barry, anyone?”

Chris grabbed the radio. “Brad, this is Chris! We need evac pronto! Meet us at the back of the mansion! There’s a helipad there!

“Roger!”

A female voice then piped up on the radio. “Chris? Jill? Are you still there?”

“Rebecca!? You’re alive!” Chris exclaimed.

“Yeah. Listen, Captain Wesker is-”

“We know. He got killed by a B.O.W. though. Did you catch out transmission to Brad?”

“Yes. I’m activating the facility self-destruct. It’s the only way to end this nightmare.”

Chris hesitated. “...Agreed. Meet us at the helipad after you’re done.”

____

Chris, Jill, Barry, and Rebecca ran as fast as they could. The door with the exit sign coming up fast. The color green had never looked so beautiful. Chris burst through the door, Brad was hovering in his chopper just above the helipad. Chris and Jill waved him down, but Brad still wouldn’t land.

“Behind you!” He shouted.

The Tyrant quickly burst through the door knocking everyone down like bowling pins.

“He doesn’t give up!” growled Barry. Out of his .40 rounds, he drew his own 9mm gun and tried to slow the thing down. Everyone fired, doing their best to eliminate the monster, but it simply shrugged off everything the threw at it. Jill moved back to the helipad center, and soon her gun clicked, and the slide stopped as her last bullet struck the flesh of the pale creature.

“Jill!” Brad was hanging out of the chopper’s side, and holding... a rocket launcher. “Take this!” He tossed down the weapon, Jill catching it in her arms. As quickly as she could move, she positioned the launcher, aimed it squarely at the Tyrants heart.

“Chris, move!” She yelled. Seeing the weapon of destruction aimed his direction, Chris quickly jumped out of the Tyrant’s path. A clear shot providing itself, “Go to hell, you son of a bitch!” She squeezed the trigger, and the rocket fired. A trail of white exhaust behind it, the brown war head traveled the short distance and exploded in the Tyrant’s heart. When the smoke cleared, the creature didn’t even have an upper torso anymore.

Jill waved Brad down, and as he landed, a large explosion erupted from the ground.

“Time to go!” Chris yelled. Everyone boarded the chopper, and flew off from the exploding mansion. It was over. Everyone sighed in relief. They knew the evil had passed, and the nightmare was finished. “Nicely done, Jill.” Chris patted her on the shoulder.

Jill just smiled, then closed her eyes and laid her head on Chris’ shoulder. She let her entire body relax, and felt just the slightest spurt of warmth leak out onto the chopper seat. Jill blushed, but ultimately didn’t care at this point.

Well that's it. Thanks very much for reading everyone! I'm gonna start brainstorming for a possible Resident Evil 2: The Raccoon City Accident. Please tell me what you'd like to see.

Characters will likely be: Leon Kennedy, Claire Redfield, Sherry Birkin (a loli, basically), Ada Wong, HUNK, William Birkin.

*029*2012-10-23 02:18

Ahahaha nice one. I always appreciate a good (and a bad) pun.

*031*2012-10-23 03:41

I gotta admit, my main focus was on continuity. I wanted to stick as much to the actual story as could. I was hoping to also throw in when Chris and Rebecca discover Wesker's duplicity and Enrico's assassination but it just wasn't fitting with where I wanted to go. The RE remake gives you two basically different endings depending on which character you choose, so meh.

I'm sure Leon, Claire, Sherry and Ada have a good bit of humiliation coming their way in the near future, however. *evil laugh*

