Bus Desperation - A Desperation Story

Author: p0ptartcat

*000*2012-03-26 22:11

Bus Desperation

By p0ptartcat

Shannon strolled through the streets of town, the wind blowing in her tan brown hair. She was wearing denim shorts and a white top with a red cardigan on top.

She stopped when she saw her friend, waved and dashed daintily up to her.

Today, she was spending the day shopping in town with one of her friends, Tilly. She was wearing jeans and a white and black striped jumper.

When the two met, they greeted then hugged.

"Where shall we go first?" Tilly asked her friend.

"I was thinking about getting a dress for Dylan's party next week. We could pick up some extra clothes while we're at the shop."

And with that, the two walked off.

They visited various clothes shops. Picking up different clothes as they travelled from shop to shop.

"This dress really suits you Shannon."

"I really like it."

Shannon was wearing a black dress and black tights. This is what she decided she would get for Dylan&#39;s upcoming party.

"I don't really like any of the dresses. I'm probably gonna wear my purple one to the party," Tilly decided.

"Well, I'm gonna get this one and the tights."

"Yeah, you look stunning in them!"

Shannon blushed and crossed her legs. She went back in the changing rooms and changed back to her previous clothes. She then paid for her items and rejoined Tilly, who was waiting outside.

The two walked for a bit more, when Tilly whispered to Shannon "I need the loo. Badly."

She crossed her legs tightly.

"I kinda need to go too."

The two searched for a nearby toilet. They found a public toilet and went in, but all the stalls were occupied, and there was quite a long line to use them.

Tilly groaned.

The two ran out then spotted a nearby café. They ran in then stopped a waitress.

"Can we use your loo please?"

The waitress had trouble hearing Tilly as her voice was rushed when she asked. But she soon realised what she had said. She could tell she was pretty desperate, so she pointed to a staircase and said "yes. The toilets are just up there."

"Thank you," Tilly gasped, and with that, she sprinted up the stairs, Shannon struggling to follow behind.

She darted into the first cubicle and locked the door. Shannon saw the jeans and panties slip down Tilly's legs. She then heard the sound of urine hitting the toilet and a sigh of relief. Shannon then walked into a cubicle, locked it and then squatted down, taking off her shorts and panties as she sat down.

Shannon was first to finish. She didn't really have to go much, so she was on the toilet for about 10 seconds. She pulled up her clothes and flushed.

Tilly then came out 30 seconds later.

"Wow," Shannon thought to herself.

"Thank god for that. I've been needing to go for ages!"

Shannon nodded. She probably hadn't been holding it for as long as he was trying to say, but she must've been needing to go for a long time. Shannon realised that she must've either not noticed her desperation, or Tilly was hiding it.

"While we're here, do you wanna grab a coffee?" Tilly asked Shannon.

"Erm, might as well."

The two proceeded down the stairs and sat down at the nearest table for two. They both ordered coffees and discussed various things.

After their coffee, they went into a media shop, where they hung out for a bit, looking at all the gadgets and CDs that were on display. After that, they went into a corner shop, where Tilly bought a packet of sweets, and Shannon bought a chocolate bar and a soft drink. They then went over to a plaza, where they sat down and consumed their purchases. As Shannon drank her drink, she started feeling an ache in her bladder. The coffee and soft drink must have got to her quickly, even though she had recently emptied her bladder. She chose to leave it, she would probably forget about it later.

The two continued to walk around town. They saw a few other friends and hung out with them for a bit, before going their own separate ways. They then each bought birthday cards for Dylan, and then went and bought shakes. They each bought new school bags and extra school equipment that needed to be replaced, before going to the local library to use the free wi-fi that was available.

However, Shannon hadn't forgotten about her bladder. Every so often, she would keep getting an urge of desperation, but it would eventually go.

Just before they left the library, Tilly went to use the toilet (again). Shannon wanted to join her, but decided against it. She could hold it in until she got home.

It was starting to get late, so the girls decided to go home. They caught a bus together. The girls were sat one row away from the backseats, as there were people already occupying those seats. Everyone else was at the front of the bus, however, it wasn't very crowded, which was a change, as this bus is usually really crowded.

The two girls didn't really talk much on the bus. Tilly was on her phone most of the time and Shannon was being occupied by something much worse.

Her bladder.

The desperation had come back. She crossed her legs tightly. The urge to pee had become much more violent than before. She really should've gone when she had the chance.

The people who occupied the back row got off all at the same time. They must've all been together. Tilly had asked if she wanted to move, but Shannon rejected. She didn't want to move from where she was.

"Are you alright Shannon?"

"What? No, I'm, um, fine."

Shannon could tell by the look on Tilly's face that she knew something was wrong, but she didn't really seem to care, much to Shannon's fortune. She had a hard time telling people when she needed to pee.

"Come on!" Shannon thought to herself. The traffic was really bad, and her bladder hadn't become any better. She started moving around uncomfortably, her denim shorts rubbed against the bus seat.

"Bollocks!"

There was a road closure, so the bus would have to take a diversion through the lanes, which would mean it would take longer to reach Shannon's home. "Ooh, I don't know how much longer I can hold on!"

The bus turned a sharp corner, causing the vehicle to jostle. Shannon felt a small warm dribble shoot out of her urethra and into her panties. She quickly grabbed her crotch, determined not to let anymore escape. She looked down at her shorts There was a tiny wet stain on them. It wasn't visible from far away. You would have to be really close to notice it.

Shannon groaned.

Her bladder was aching so hard, she was finding it difficult to hold on. She wanted to just let it all go. But she couldn't. Not in a public place. She would have to wait, no matter how much it hurt.

They were getting so close to home, but Shannon couldn't hold on anymore.

She groaned again, this time Tilly noticed.

"What's wrong Shannon?" Tilly asked, glancing at her, before looking back at her phone.

"I need to pee. Really bad."

Tilly then stopped staring at her phone and instead, stared at Shannon.

"I don't know how much longer I can hold on."

It was becoming clear that she would lose control any second now. Another spurt shot out of Shannon's urethra. Shannon squealed. She had begun to sweat. Her crotch mixed with sweat and urine.

"Well, if you need to go that bad, you could do what I did."

"What? What did you do?"

Tilly sighed. But Shannon was getting impatient.

"Unzip your shorts and pee on the bus. Don't worry. There's no-one to see you. Their all at the front of the bus."

Shannon thought for a minute.

"I can't do that!"

"Well would you rather pee on a bus, or pee in your pants?"

Shannon definitely didn't want to wet herself, so she knew she would have to do what Tilly said.

"You're right."

Shannon took a deep breath and reluctantly unzipped her shorts, revealing her pink panties. She leaned forward and put moved the front of her panties out of the way. They felt a little damp, most of it urine, some of it was sweat. She leaned forward even more, and peed. She only released a small spurt at first. She didn't want the urine to make a massive puddle. Tilly noticed this.

"Just do it all now. It's much quicker."

Shannon let out another spurt. It began making a tiny puddle on the floor. She then leaned further in, and began to pee a whole stream. A huge relief wept across Shannon's body. The urine wasn't all crashing down at once into a massive puddle, however, some of it went on her shoes and shopping bags, but she didn't care.

"Hurry up!"

Shannon let go of the front of her panties and quickly buttoned her shorts back up again. Her shoes were in the puddle she had made, but she didn't care. She felt relieved, and naughty at the same time. Now that she looked back, it excited her, the thrill of doing something wrong began to turn her on a bit.

The two then parted their separate ways. Shannon's shoes left a small trail of urine behind as she walked off the bus, but no-one seemed to notice.

When she got home, her parents weren't at home. She then had an idea. She enjoyed that feeling of naughtiness that she experienced on the bus and she wanted to experience it again. She then drank 2 pints of water, and sat on a chair at the kitchen table.

She didn't plan on moving for a long time.

*002*2012-03-27 21:04

{{: 

I liked this story :) It reminded me of going "to town" in the daytime, when I was like 13 and doing all those things like buying sweets from the corner shops! It was a bit long-winded for what it was though, taking a long time to get to the actual desperation. But I did like the climax with the peeing on the bus- very hot! I look forward to reading more of your stories :)

}}

Thanks for the reply. Feel free to check out my other fanfics. :)

