Vivid Imagination

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2013-01-09 03:28

Carl glanced across the aisle. Carla was leaning forward, holding her crotch and squeezing her thighs together. She needed a bathroom, and quick! The ninety minute bus ride had already lasted three hours, and school was still an hour away. Would Carla make it? Carl imagined what Carla's jeans would look like with a wet spot. He'd like to see that. Obviously Carla was desperate.

So was Carl. Carla could tell by the way Carl jiggled his thighs . She wondered if he had to go as bad as she did. He sure looked like it. Wouldn't it be cute if Carl peepeed his pants. He was so hot! Carl was a seventh grader. Carla wondered if Mr. Hottie would even give a second look at a lowely sixth grader. I guess he would, if she peed her pants; but that's NOT the way Carla wanted to meet Carl.

Carl felt another spasm in his swelling bladder. Pee sgtarted down his penis. Carl clinched every muscle in his body. The spasm abated.

Poor Carla; she was obviously as desperate as Carl was. Now she had both hands holding her crotch. Carl imagined what it would be like, if his hands were between her thighs. Carla was just a sixth grader, but she was budding in all the right places. The linear body of a little girl was becoming all girl. O gosh! My penis is hard as a rock, Carl realized, and that made his pee urge worse. He had to get his mind on something else.

Carla observed how Carl was rubbing his crotch. Was he hard? That was a thought. Carla wondered what Carl looked like -- down there. Was he circumcised or uncircumcized? How big was it? Carla imagined that ity was big. A pleasurable shiver pulsed through Carla's body. Wow! Oops, I peed a little in my panties. Stop! stop! There. Good. Carla slipped a furtive hand down her pants. Her panties were wet. she hoped it wouldn't show through her jeans.

Carl imagined that it was his hand in Carla's jeans. Zowie! Were her panties wet yet? Did she have pubic hair? Yeah, Carl reasoned; the way she was developing Carla surely had pubic hair. He imagined running his fingers through that fur.

Carla watched Carl shudder, close his eyes and lean back against the seat. He came in his pants; Carl came in his pants! Carla gripped her thighs tighter, as a new spasm of pee urge swelled within her.

Now Carl had a problem. after coming in his pants, his penis was going limp, and the urge to pee was growing. It felt as though pee were pressing at the very end of his penis. Carl slipped his hand into his underpants. Yuk. gooey. He squeezed his penis and held on.

That's when Carl sneezed. Achoo! Pee tried to squirt out, but Carl squeezed his penis harder. Oh! That burns. Carl released his death grip on his penis. Achoo! Pee squirted in Carls underpants. Achoo! Another squirt. Must regain control. Carl squeezed, even though it burned. The pee stream diminished and stopped. Whew! I bet I have a wet spot in my crotch. I hope nobody sees. What would Carla think of him. A seventh grader peeing his pants. Don't think about it.

The bus bounced into the school parking lot, pulled to the band room door and stopped. "Take your trash with you," called Mr. Rutter, the driver. Students began filing off the bus. Ever the gentleman, Carl motioned for Carla to go ahead of him. "Damn, Carla thought; I don't want him behind me. But it was too late.

Carl let his eyes drop to Carla's curvy bottom. Geez, Louise! A wet spot the size of a saucer. She really did pee her pants. Cool!

Turning to descend the bus steps, Carla glanced back at Carl. His crotch was definitely wet. Carl had peed his pants. Cool! That full body tingle shivered again through Carla, settling to the south.

Carl undressed and put his wet pants and undies under some towels in the hamper. He sponged himself with a washcloth, which joined the pants and undies in the hamper. Carl donned his pajamas and slipped into bed. He thought of Carla. Did she make it home? Did she pee herself on the way? Carl imagined and fell asleep with a smile and a hard penis.

Carla performed a similar operation, being careful to hide her wet panties and jeans where her mother wouldn't find them. Carle slipped a flannel night gown over her head and shook it down. Should she put on panties. No, I'm going to be naughty tonight, and panties would just get in the way. Carla crawled between the sheets, turned on her side and closed her eyes. She thought of Carl. Did he pee himself all the way on the way home. She imagined what it felt like for as boy to pee his pants. Her hand found her secret place. Carla rtubbed, sighed and fell asleep.

