Picnic in the Park, a fanfiction

Author: charm-alarm

*000*2012-12-06 18:38

I hope you enjoy reading this as much as I enjoyed writing it. It's about two people in a band, but that's irrelevant to the story, all that matters is that they know each other and are more than just friends (in this story, anyway).

###

Steve and Bunny's slave-and-master bonding time picnic had gone quite smoothly so far. Steve had allowed Bunny to sit on his lap while he fed her and was now stroking her arm while she lied on her back, and though it was a little hot, the sunny day made the scenery quite pleasant.

They were in a park that was all but empty, taking refuge from the California sun under a large tree adjacent to the main nature trail that cut through the park. Steve wore a dark blue tank top with a matching bandana around his dreadlocks and some cargo shorts while Bunny wore a black dress with white polka dots that had been a gift from Steve. It was very old-fashioned, giving her the look of a 50s housewife. She also wore a tight leather collar around her neck, the sign that she was currently subject to Steve's every command.

Although the afternoon had been lovely, there was a small disturbance that crept upon Bunny as the day passed. A gradual pressure had been building up in her lower body, but suddenly it became unbearable. She sat up quickly, surprising Steve.

"Steve… I mean, sir…" she said quietly, feeling a little embarrassed. She wasn't sure why.

"Hm?"

"I need to use the restroom."

"Is that so?"

"Uh… yes. Yes, sir. May I?" Her cheeks turned slightly red. It was like being a child again, having to ask for permission from a teacher to leave class to use the potty.

He looked thoughtful for a second, or as much as he could with his eyes hidden behind his signature shades. "Hmm… no. Permission denied," he stated cooly, taking a sip of his water.

"What?!"

"You heard me. Don't question me, slave."

"But… but why? I just need to take a leak real quick, that's all. I'll go behind the tree, even-"

"I said, no," he repeated firmly. "You'll have to hold it until later."

Bunny started to fidget, her legs stuck together firmly. "You don't understand, I need to go."

"I understand completely."

"Then why won't you let me go?!" she complained. "Sir?" she added as an afterthought.

"Because I want to watch you squirm," replied Steve, a smirk on his face, setting down his water.

"Huh?"

"I like seeing you desperate. Turns me on."

"You…" She trailed off, at a loss for words. Her bladder felt like it was going to explode, and here that bastard was, just sitting and enjoying the picnic like nothing was wrong. "You want me to pee myself, don't you?"

He only smiled.

She had wondered why he had given her so many drinks. Now it made sense.

Funnily enough, she had never pegged Steve for watersports, or… what was it called? She had seen the word before on a fetish site. O-something… Om… Omo…

"Sorry, doll. I guess I never told you, but I'm into omorashi. You know what that is, right? Hope that isn't a problem. Unless you think you can hold it for another hour."

Bunny pulled a little at her collar to let in some air, hoping to find a little relief in the gesture. "I… I might be able to…" she said, squeezing her legs together more tightly.

Her words were blatant lies; there was no way she could hold it for more than a few minutes. Maybe he would feel sorry for her and change his mind? She couldn't bear the thought of losing to him, being a bad slave and failing a direct challenge, but the idea of wetting herself wasn't too appealing, either.

Steve only continued smiling as she squirmed. She was so close to losing it, but she was determined not to give in to it. Part of Bunny felt bad about this, thinking that it made her a bad slave for not just giving up and wetting herself, which would obviously delight Steve, but also because her determination not to lose control seemed like she was trying to fight his control, which was the exact opposite of what she wanted to do.

Her master broke her out of her reverie by taking her hand and placing a piece of ice in it.

"Ahh!" she gasped as he enclosed his hand around hers, keeping her from dropping the ice cube. "What are you doing? Sir?"

"Making the game more difficult," he said slyly. "Can't take it?"

"I c-c-can…" she stuttered, feeling a sharp pang down below. Her hand started to burn around the ice, growing numb quickly.

"I love to see you fight," he growled under his breath, whispering hotly into her ear. "But I'd love even more to see you cave."

She shuddered. All of the stimuli were not helping her aching bladder. Her face grew warmer with embarrassment as he egged her, squeezing her hand and continuing to whisper in her ear, right where she was so sensitive.

Bunny almost hated to admit it, but she was starting to feel really aroused. Was it just an inability to tell the difference between needing to take a pee and true arousal? Or was this omorashi stuff actually turning her on like it turned on Steve?

Steve surprised her by pushing on her stomach, and she yelped.

"Hey! That's cheating, sir!" she cried.

"I make the rules here, if you remember," he said, pulling on her collar.

She panted when he finally released his grip, nervous. She had nearly lost it when he pressed on her. One more push like that and it would go everywhere.

To her horror, he pushed again. She couldn't help but gasp as she felt a tiny trickle of warmth escape. Thankfully, the dam had yet to burst, but it wouldn't be much longer before she lost it.

"Please, don't," she whined, wriggling underneath his touch as his fingers lingered on her abdomen.

"But I want you to let go."

Was that… a command?

"Let go."

"I… I can't…" she mumbled, rocking back and forth. "I just can't!"

"I said, let go," he said in a forceful tone. He meant business.

"Sir, please," she begged. "I'm gonna…"

"Let. Go."

He spoke no more, watching as she wiggled and writhed and moaned before the pressure finally took its toll and she lost the battle. She let out a cry as warmth gushed forth from her, soaking her panties and the front of her dress. Wetness spread on the picnic blanket, leaving a large dark spot as proof of her accidental release. The flow continued for almost a minute, eventually slowing to a trickle as her bladder became empty. All she could do was stare at the ground in shame, a feeling of hotness permeating through her enter body.

She had lost.

And god damn it, she was aroused.

Steve leaned in and kissed her, reaching under her skirt to touch her through her wet panties.

"You're so lovely," he murmured between kisses. "So beautiful when you lose control."

"I need you," she gasped, "right now."

The man smiled. "I knew you would like it."

