Versailles: A lack of bathrooms

Author: John Cena69

*000*2015-12-10 21:49

NOTE: Two years ago I did my History A levels on the French Revolution and we studied all about Versailles including the fact that bathrooms were scarce. I must say, the reality was not as pretty as it might seem when it is told by an omorashi fan to an omorashi community but to make this as appealing as possible I ignored some stuff.

The main reason I wrote this is to encourage others to create stories that take place in different timelines throughout history. I am having a lot of fun writing this and probably will continue this. Depending on your reactions I will continue posting this. All critics are wellcome and I know there is a big margin of improvement.

Hope you enjoy!! (I will shut up now)

Prologue

Our story begins in the 1700s, Palace of Versailles, a few miles away from Paris. As some of you may be aware of, Versailles had been built for the royal family and aristocracy and counted with the most luxurious corridors, rooms and social activities. However only a few might be aware of a very interesting fact; bathrooms were scarce, almost non-existent. The palace was ridiculously big and, often, relief could only be achieved by walking all the way back to your room and using a chamber pot. Through the years, this proved to be a tremendous architectonic error. Girls around Versailles often didn’t get to their rooms in time; besides, most of them just couldn’t be bothered.

Amusingly enough, “accidents” occurred almost in a daily basis and those affected by it were usually young women who had to carry around giant dresses and were unable to do anything else than letting go in a dark corner or in the middle of dinner or, in the case of veterans some would pee whilst walking around the never ending rooms and hallways of the palace leaving a trail of wetness wherever they went. (ref. Princess of Harcout)

A big problem for these naughty highborn childs was that their underwear was essentially another dress, only plain white and very thin. So nothing could be done to avoid a full wetting. Of course not all girls would wet themselves every day, some times they made it just in time. After the socialising and the drinking and partying all day long, most of them would leak consistently, never fully wetting and giving a show, (since manners were important in Versailles), but constantly feeling the wetness and shame in their lady parts. This meant that absolutely every single small clothe in Versailles had trails of pee and yellow spots of past accidents and it wasn’t a secret since it happened to the whole lot: small, teen and adult.

The walls of Versailles have witnessed countless stories of humiliation, leaking, accidental wetting and my personal favourite; non accidental wettings. However, for the purpose of this story I will talk about young Carole and her time at Versailles.

Carole

Carole was 14 when she arrived at Versailles two and a half years ago. Her parents had sent her from the south so she could learn the life of a lady at court while serving to his king and honouring her family. She felt like she had a huge responsibility and that she should never do anything to disgrace herself or her father. Of course at Versailles she had to learn a new definition of self-respect from her friends and other grown up women too.

One thing was for sure, Versailles had changed her. She was no longer that kid afraid of making a mess in her new dress or worried about how others would react to her lack of control over her bladder. In the present time she was already 17, a fully developed woman, her beauty was incomparable. Everyone wanted to be her or fuck her. Most importantly, every day she woke up knowing she would end up wetting herself somewhere and she loved this. She never used the bathrooms in the mornings, furthermore, sometimes she would wake up and be so desperate and horny at the same time that she would wet the bed and have fun with herself to start off fresh.

Today she had to deal with 3 hours of French with her tutor before enjoying the privacy of her favourite hidden spots. Being so young, she wasn’t required to wear a full dress with iron base, especially not for French lessons. She put on her small clothes and chose a simple white and green dress with the customary corset that would squeeze her breasts and belly to the point she couldn’t breathe. She had breakfast with the rest of her classmates and just as they were entering the room where their lesson took place she realised how much she had screwed up.

Fridays were not a good day to avoid the boring relief that her chamber pot could offer. She would never make it in time with 3 hours to come of the slowest class in history. She was terrorised and excited at the same time. Carole new her tutor would never allow them a break, not even during a desperate situation. She knew this for past experiences; during her first days at Versailles she fully wetted almost every single day, especially during her French lessons.

Everyone at Versailles new that women often made their businesses in their dresses, that was no mystery, knowing it was something, but letting everybody else see you pee like a 5 year old was another. She could not afford such an embarrassment. Just as her tutor’s eyes and hers met she made a run for it.

As she was running through the rooms she heard her tutor following and screaming at her to come back or risk punishment. She had some time to try something; she stopped at the third room, completely empty, and squatted on a corner. She immediately started feeling a trickle run down her thighs and butt cheeks as she heard her tutor’s footsteps approaching. Just as she got up from her squatting position her pursuer entered the room and made contact with Carole. Both stayed quiet for a few seconds, Carole still feeling her piss running through both her legs and doing what she could to keep the fabric of the dress away from her humid smallclothes. The flow was quite weak at the moment but she couldn’t stop. She had to let some of it come out anyway if she was going to make it through 3 hours of French.

_Why are you running away from me young lady? Carole you are always an exemplar student, what is this behaviour due to?

_Mme Pinet, I had no choice, I lost one of my family’s earrings.

_Very well Carole, did you find it?

At that moment Carole looked down and realised she was letting too much out, she could see the tiniest of a puddle starting to come out from her dress. Her shoes were drenched for sure and her underclothes completely soaked by now. Her dress was intact at the moment.

_Yes mme

Carole immediately stepped forward in an attempt to hide her puddle of pee

_Excellent, we may continue with our classes, follow me

Mme Pinet turned around and calmly walked back to her class. Carole carefully tailed her leaving a path of footprints when her wet shoes made contact with the shiny floors. Luckily for her, mme Pinet didn’t turn around. At this point, it was obvious she had wet herself. She managed to safely get to her lesson and sit down.

She couldn’t have had avoided this but when her soaked bum and underwear made contact with the chair, her dress became instantly wet. The material of the dress was able to absorb most of the wetness so it wasn’t leaking. The problem was that now she was even more desperate to pee than before and her lesson was only just starting, she couldn’t hold it for that long and she knew.

*004*2015-12-13 16:10

My source of inspiration:

$iframe width="632" height="360" title="Filthy Cities Paris" data-embed-src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/23405739" (go to min 11:01)

Just thought I would put this here since I found it so interesting a few years back.

The next chapter is almost finished.

*005*2015-12-19 13:15

Anne

Anne was Carole’s best friend. They had arrived together when they were both young and had to find the affection they needed after leaving their homes in one another. They were very intimate and new each other’s most private secrets. Anne new all about Carole’s wetting hobby. At first she couldn’t believe how her sweet and innocent friend could find pleasure out of peeing, let alone doing it in her own dress. As the years passed and both girls explored their sexual interests, Anne stopped being disgusted and slowly got more interested. She would do it very rarely and in very controlled situations but something was something. Carole loved to have someone that could at least understand her odd desires. On the other hand, Carole new that Anne still wet the bed and that she had to sleep with special protective pads under her night dress. Carole new this was a very embarrassing issue for Anne so they rarely talked about it.

Anne saw Carole and Mme Pinet slowly walk back inside the class as she was sipping some water. She noticed Carole was blushing and had the tinniest of smiles, the same smile she had when she told her that she had leaked. Anne new right away that something was up and that this French lesson wasn’t going to be as boring as usual. As usual, Carole sat right in front of Anne. Just as she did, she wiggled her butt as to find a comfortable position.

When Mme Pinet started her lecture and turned her back to face the board, Carole turned around and looked at Anne. Anne immediately made eye contact and saw that her friend was definitely smiling. When she had her friend’s attention, Carole slightly got up from her sitting position and grabbed the wet area of her dress with both hands to show it to Anne. She then sat back down as if nothing had happened. Anne got more excited than she expected. She wasn’t sure but could she be turned on?

The lesson continued for an hour or so without further events. After this point, Anne could see that Carole was repeatedly relocating her butt cheeks when Mme Pinet wasn’t looking. Anne though to herself that Carole was trying to absorb her pee with the dry parts of her dress. This implied that she was still desperate to pee and perhaps was even letting some of it come out. After the first two hours, Anne could now see the rear of her friend’s dress was totally soaked.

Anne pushed her seat closer to the table to see if her friend had started to leak past her chair. For the moment it was dry. She imagined the chair had absorbed most of it since it had a cushion under the cloth to make it more comfortable. Just as she moved and her skin made contact with a new part of her small clothes she noticed she was wet in her lady parts. She certainly didn’t have to pee that bad so she confirmed to herself that Carole was the cause of her being horny. She didn’t have a chance to think about it too much since Mme Pinet called out for Carole.

_Carole could you please show us how the verb raining is formed in the “future proche”

Carole started to recite

_I will rain, you will

Mme Pinet abruptly interrupted

_Uh uh uh, where are your manners young lady, get up and start again.

Carole thought about it for a moment, she looked down at her lap and then slowly got up. At this point Anne stopped listening and concentrated on Carole’s soaked behind. She had leaked to the point that the fabric of her dress glued to her butt cheeks. Anne didn’t understand what was going on inside her brain but she could feel a rush of blood in her intimate parts and noticed a wet patch in her small clothes at the crotch.

Throughout the middle of Carole’s oration, Anne saw her friend’s hands grabbing her dress at the back and slowly pulling it up to her waist. Anne could see how her white small clothes were now completely transparent in the ass and how they revealed her perfect silhouette. Was Carole teasing her? Did she feel the same way about Anne? Just when she couldn’t take it anymore, Anne saw how a yellow stream started to flow down Carole’s legs, flooding her shoes and forming a small puddle around her. Anne felt a very intense tingling in her lady parts and she just couldn’t resist. With her left hand she rubbed her crotch through her dress and a few seconds later she climaxed in complete silence. She knew she was red faced at the least, it was actually very obvious. Carole finished her sentence and sat back down.

After Anne had calmed down, she inspected the damage. Apparently Carole’s front part of the dress was fine since Mme Pinet would have said something otherwise. The rear however had a huge wet patch were her bum made contact with the chair. She knew her smallclothes were drenched since she had seen. The chair looked pretty moist too and there was a small puddle along with some drops under her table. As for herself, Anne could feel the moisture in her crotch as well as her smallclothes but nothing visible.

The lesson finished before anyone could notice the smell of Carole’s pee. Both Anne and Carole stayed behind as if they were studying. Once they were alone Carole turned around with a cheeky smile and said.

_That was close.

Anne just stared at her, red faced. She started

_ What’s wrong with you? If Mme Pinnet finds out about this we are dead.

_Don’t worry only you and I will ever know, you must admit that was pretty hot anyways. Come on, I still need some relief, want to come?

They got up and left. Anne tried to stay behind to stare at her friend’s wet patch. They arrived at an empty room. Perfect for what Carole was pretending to do. Carole grabbed Anne’s hands and her facial expression changed to relief. Anne could hear the loud hissing. They both looked down to see a huge puddle forming under both of them. Carole looked at her friend and asked

_Do you want to feel it?

Anne looked confused at first.

_Can I?

Carole took Anne’s hand and pressed it against her still dry front of her dress. It took a few seconds for the fabric to become wet. Carole was really turned on by then. Anne pushed her to the wall. Carole was exhausted from all the holding she sat down in her drenched clothes and Anne sat over her. She moved out of the way Carole’s dress and sat over her small clothes. She rubbed herself against Carole crotch slowly. All Carole could do was moan.

_ Carole, I have to pee too

_Go ahead, there’s only the two of us

Anne kept on rubbing against Carole until she felt the first stream in her thighs. She stopped and smiled while she looked at her friend. Anne rested her face in Carole’s breasts whilst she emptied her bladder. Carole felt the warm feeling of pee running down her legs again. When she was done, Anne kept on rubbing herself against Carole until they both climaxed. They stayed like that for a long time, not wanting to leave each other or change clothes.

*009*2016-01-05 13:55

{{: 

I'm a sucker for historical fiction, and this is certainly right up my alley! Another place that didn't have indoor plumbing or running water very well into the twentieth-century were many countries in the Russian Empire, and many of them were wealthy and very influential in European fine arts! If I could offer advice though, you should be more detailed in some of your descriptions. The story seems kinda rushed to me as a result. You most definitely could've explored a lot of the scenes a lot better, like Carole's transition from being shy about wetting herself to public to totally getting off on it.

}}

Thanks for the advice. I feel the same about my writing. I guess I get carried away too much.

*010*2016-06-10 15:05

I know it's been a while but I hope someone is still interested. I am planning a few susprises for the next chapter.

Carole

All Carole could do was think about Anne; her body, her scent, how she blushed for almost anything, but most of all, she couldn’t stop thinking about what had happened three days ago. Had anybody seen them? Was this why she had been missing since? It definitely hadn’t been easy to hide after they both soaked each other. Carole had climbed through some vines to the window of her chambers and hid her dress under the bed. Of course she had a lot of experience and knew what to do, but she wasn’t so sure about Anne. For all she knew that had been Anne’s first time having an “accident”.

Tonight she was expected to attend to a Ball dance; she was requested to wear a hoop skirt which meant she couldn’t sit down at any moment. Most of her friends saw this as some kind of torture but Carole enjoyed these dresses the most. Having such a large surface concealing the floor wherever she stood, it was incredibly easy to use her skirt as a chamber pot and nobody even noticing. She was hoping to find Anne tonight to tell her all about this technique. In preparation for tonight Carole had been drinking water nonstop. It was only 1 pm and she was already fidgeting under her gown, unable to keep still. She knew there was no way to hold it until the dance, scheduled at 7 pm. She had plans to find relieve just once before the event.

Carole decided to go for a walk through the gardens while she drank from her cup of wine. To her surprise they were actually pretty crowded. She had only been walking for about fifteen minutes when she finished her wine. She was now pretty desperate, it wasn’t the most desperate she had ever been but the gardens being so crowded meant she couldn’t attract attention to herself, no grabbing, no fidgeting, no pee dance, no legs twisting, it was killing her!

She soon started to slow the pace and every so often had to stop beside some tree and pretend to be looking at birds to keep the pressure under control. She decided to exit the road and enter the woods to find a quiet place for her needs. Carole followed a small trail that led her to a swamp with a few benches scattered around. She decided best not to pee while sitting since she had to go all the way back to her chamber and had to try and keep as dry as possible. She stood awkwardly and closed her eyes feeling how the first trickle of pee ran down her thighs.

_ “Carole what do you think you’re doing young lady?!”

Carole almost flooded herself from the shock of hearing Mme Artois screaming at her. Instead she managed to close the gates just when she thought she was going to get relief. She slowly turned around as she felt her pee travel through her legs and end at her socks. Was it that obvious? La Comtesse immediately made eye contact and signalled her to come closer with her finger. After her frustrated attempt to pee, Carole was now beyond desperate. She knew how her body worked, once she opened the gates she had to finish, or else her body would take that decision for her. She carefully walked towards her as she felt an involuntary spurt coming out of her and soaking her small clothes.

_”You should be getting ready for the dance and not wasting your time out here, Carole, today is a good opportunity to find you a match, every proper lady must get married and your time is coming.

Carole nodded and smiled, she knew better than arguing with her own tutor. However she was definitely not interested in that just yet.

Mme Artois called for her personal carriage and told Carole to get in. Carole did what she could to try not to pee in the process and awkwardly sat down. La Comtesse sat in front of her and began talking.

_ It is a very warm day today isn’t it? Summer is near, that’s for sure

Carole felt her face burning and her bladder expanding every minute she went by without relief. Her crotch was wet and she was feeling very uncomfortable with the situation. She didn’t want to be stuck, desperate to pee in a closed cab with that woman. Carole shifted uncomfortable in her place and agreed.

_ Yes indeed

_Are you feeling alright my dear?, you aren’t sick are you? Your cheeks are red

Carole was getting sick thinking about what would happen if the carriage didn’t arrive soon at palace.

_Ye.. yes im fine, just a little dehydrated I guess

That was a lie, she hadn’t stop drinking all morning. Mme Artois ordered her servant to pass her some water and signalled Carole to drink it.

_Here drink up, It’s important you feel better for tonight

Carole couldn’t believe it, she was close to bursting and was being ordered to drink more water.

_Thank you

She grabbed the pouch, of about half a gallon and took a tiny sip. Mme Artois looked concerned.

_Oh please don’t be ridiculous, drink!

Carole tried to protest

_But I really can’t

Mme Artois looked annoyed and stopped her

_Im doing this for your own good, please don’t argue, I’m not asking, I’m telling you to drink… all of it

Carole thought she was going to cry, her eyes welled with tears but managed to control herself. She started to drink and whilst her companion was checking on her she discretely pushed her left hand against her privates to ease the pain. She had drank about three quarters of a litre when she had to stop for air.

_That’s a good girl, it looks like your natural colour is coming back to you, go on keep drinking, we’re almost at palace.

It was true, Carole could see her chambers from here. The thought of making it in time made her lose control for a split as a trail of pee escaped her into her small clothes. Luckily, she couldn’t feel her behind getting wet yet. Just as she started to drink again the carriage hit a bump and she dropped the pouch to the floor, spilling the remaining water. Carole gasped as she recognized the familiar warmth covering her crotch and spreading to her legs and butt. She peed for almost ten seconds before she could stop. She was pretty sure La Comtesse realised what had happened but when she looked up she could see she was focused on the spilled water that threatened to wet her shoes.

_I didn’t know you were clumsy Carole, Oh dear look at what you’ve done! Stop the car!

The horses immediately stopped and Mme Artois climbed out in a hurry. With tears threatening to come out again, not for the water but for the wet patch on her bum, Carole apologised.

_I’m so sorry

_It’s ok, don’t cry, just be a little more careful, these shoes are a gift from the queen herself! Come, take my arm, we can walk the rest of the way.

Carole obeyed and climbed down trying to keep her back away from the sight of her tutor. She seemed not to notice her, or the wet patch on her car either. She took her arm and they both started walking at a painfully slow pace. Carole was starting to feel the consequences of drinking almost an extra litre of water. Thankfully nobody seemed to notice her or her wet behind, and if anyone did, they ignored it. Mme Artois continued talking about how her shoes were a delicacy whilst Carole was thinking about what to do to avoid the humiliation of a full wetting in front of one of her tutors and half the palace. Mme Artois never directly looked at her so she could keep a hand pressing hard against her parts when no one was near.

_Oh look! It’s Mme Pinet, your French teacher. Mme Pinet!

Carole couldn’t believe it. Both Mme Pinet and a man she didn’t know approached them.

_A lovely day isn’t it, Im taking this young lady to her chambers so she can get ready for tonight; she was wandering off through the woods when I found her. God knows what she was doing!

She laughed. Mme Pinet smiled at Carole and started

_ Im sure you will look lovely tonight Carole, you know she is my star student!

Mme Artois nodded

_I am well aware, an example for the rest of the girls.

Carole was now beyond desperate. Having to keep straight made her bladder really hurt and the extra water was really making all the difference. She couldn’t keep still now that both her hands had to be away from her privates. She confirmed to herself she had never been that desperate, she would usually just let go before the pain really got serious but this time was different. She was even scared she could be injured for holding so much liquid. Before she could keep thinking about it a hot spurt bursted out of her and started to go down her legs, further soaking her socks. She tried to stop but she couldn’t, being straight was too much pain and more spurts started to come out of her soaking her legs and small clothes even more. To all this she was keeping still with a face of discomfort while her tutors kept talking to one another.

The man noticed her discomfort and interrupted the other ladies.

_Are you feeling alright child?

The three of them stared at her whilst a small trail of pee kept coming out of her. She brusquely leaned down to help ease the pain and stop the flow.

_Actually, I’m not feeling all that well. I think it’s just the excitement of tonight.

Carole looked at both her tutors.

_Could I be dismissed?

Mme Artois was about to refuse her when Mme Pinet answered

_Yes dear, get some rest for tonight, go on

Carole nodded and Curtsied to all three and hopped for them not to check her butt whilst she left. She was about to go inside palace when she heard Mme Pinet calling from behind.

_Carole! What happened to your dress?! What have you done to wet it like that?

That was it, she thought, the three of them saw me like this. Her eyes welled as she started to turn around to explain when Mme Artois actually helped her out.

_We had an accident earlier. Carole here was very clumsy and spilled the water and almost spoils my shoes! She promised to be more careful

_Well that is no way to wear a dress, you should act like a proper lady, go change immediately!

Carole curtsied once again and left in a hurry. Once inside palace she tried to go unnoticed so that nobody would disturb her. Her chambers were in the second floor, it would take her 5 minutes to get there under normal circumstances. But today she had to walk really slow not to spill her contents to the sight of everyone else. There wasn’t a crowd walking through this part of palace, but it wasn’t empty either. She couldn’t just pop a squat as she normally would do.

Carole had to stop a few times before reaching the stairs to hide her mess from the site of passing by servants and court members. With every step she took she felt her already soaked small clothes cling all the way from her butt to the back of her kneecaps, her front however had kept dry the whole time, making it easier to hide. Her socks and shoes were pretty much drenched too but those were concealed under her dress.

Climbing the stairs was for sure the biggest challenge. Every step made her lose control a bit as she continuously leaked, leaving behind small droplets that were quickly absorbed by the carpet below. She could feel a weak but constant flow of piss running down both her legs and into the floor. She blushed, she remembered when she was 14 and this would happen to her almost daily, back then she got away with it for being new and young but today she would be mocked by everybody. Carole continued climbing and wetting herself without daring to look behind, hoping no one would use the stairs. When she arrived at her floor she inspected the damage imagining the worst. Her small clothes were now completely wet and clung to her legs. Besides the wet patch on her dress nothing was too noticible, but she knew she was now having an accident and she didn’t have much time before she completely lost control so she made a run for it.

Luckily no one was walking through that corridor but by now Carole was giving a full show. She was running while both her hands were buried in her crotch. Her front dress was beginning to get wet as a small patch started to form. Pee was coming out of her shoes and legs leaving wet patches as she went. Her face was red and her eyes puffy. She wanted to cry for the first time in a long time, she was having a legit accident. She didn’t even feel like letting go and have fun, she just wanted to finish in the chamber pot and keep some of her dignity.

Carole opened the door to her room and managed to stop leaking to prevent suspicious wet patches on her floor. She tiptoed to her bed and crouched to grab her chamber pot. “I made it, she thought” Just then a female voice called for her from the other side of the door.

_Lady Blanc are you ok? I heard running outside, I’m coming in!

That could only be her maid. If she saw her like that she would find out and by that point Carole would probably give her the full show. She quickly kicked her chamber pot under the bed and just as the knob of the door started to turn she jumped into bed and covered herself with the sheets.

_Lady Blanc? Why are you in bed? Are you feeling sick? Your face is red. Do you want me to call the doctor?

_It’s ok Chloe, I’m fine I just need to sleep a few hours before tonight. You are dismissed

Her anticipation of being able to let go in her chamber pot had made her bladder relax; she now had very little control as she felt herself wetting the bed under the sheets.

Unconvinced, Chloe walked towards Carole and sat at edge of the bed to feel her temperature. She gave her a concerned look.

_Stay here and rest, if you need anything call me, if you feel worse I will call the doctor ok?

Carole nodded and gave her a smile. There was only one thing she needed; relief.

Once Chloe was out Carole thought about using the chamber pot, but the damage was done and there was nothing she could do now. She had already leaked a lot inside her bed so she just relaxed and let herself go. Her bladder immediately gave in and she pissed full force through her small clothes and into her dress and bed. She could only hear a loud hiss and hoped her maid wouldn’t be listening. Carole was soon moaning as her poor bladder slowly returned to its original state. It felt so good and warm she nearly had an orgasm.

She could feel her waters creeping under her; her bum, then her thighs, her calves and lastly her toes. But she then noticed how her bed was becoming saturated and the warmth spread up to her back, probably ruining for good her dress. When she felt the stream fading away she put her hand over her crotch and started rubbing over her wet dress. In less than 30 seconds she was coming over her recent mess. She felt so good she didn’t even realise how tired she was before falling asleep.

*014*2016-08-05 16:32

Thank you so much for the comments! They really want to make me keep writing, the problem is... I am really lazy (sorry) I promise there will be a next part, I don't know when though

As allways, feedback is appreciated (especially since I might include "diapers" in future parts as you have read)

Carole

_Miss wake up; you wet the bed!

Carole opened her eyes to the sight of Chloe leaning over her bed and murmuring to her ear. She couldn’t yet understand what she was saying.

_Finally, you’re awake! Quick, there is no time, you must bathe and change for tonight, and we can talk about your accident later.

Carole didn’t quite understand yet, accident? She shifted in her bed to remove her covers when she felt the wetness around her waist and the memories of that evening returned to her. Chloe had seen her like this and had probably told all of her tutors by now. She started to feel like crying. She looked down at her dress and clearly saw the darkened areas where she had soiled herself only a few hours ago. Chloe looked down at Carole and realised she wasn’t moving.

_Lady Blanc please hurry or you will be late for tonight’s dance

Chloe had always been nice to Carole. She felt a pang of guilt as her maid would have to clean the mess. When Carole made eye contact with Chloe she felt like a 7 year old once again, her throat felt really tight just as the first tears started to fall down her cheeks. Chloe immediately reacted and hugged Carole, not minding if she got wet in the process.

_It’s ok sweetling, accidents happen to all of us you know?

Carole felt so small and powerless. She really appreciated the female affection for the first time in years, since she left her home. She tried to stop but just couldn’t handle it, She was now sobbing against Chloe’s shoulders and really couldn’t find an explanation why, it just felt right.

_Shhhhh, there, there, let it out child.

Chloe hugged her more firmly and stoke her hair until Carole seemed to calm down.

After her crisis Chloe continued

_Lady Blanc, you’d be surprised if you knew how many grown-ups still wet the bed in this palace. This will be our little secret ok? Nobody will ever know what happened, I promise

Carole wiped her tears off of her eyes and smiled to her

_Chloe please call me Carole

Chloe smiled back and nodded

_One last thing before you get ready for tonight,

Chloe’s lips where almost touching Carole’s ears when she whispered

_Maybe, some protection at night would be useful for your problem?

Chloe leaned back and continued

_You just have to say yes or no

Carole thought about it, she knew what the protection meant; it was what Anne was forced to wear during her sleep to prevent a wet bed in the morning. Of course she knew she didn’t need it but was intrigued about how it would feel on her and what her friend Anne would think about it. She felt her cheeks burn as she said the word. She looked back down at her soiled clothes (which didn’t help a lot) and said it

_Yes….. I mean, It’s not much of a choice, I guess

Chloe smiled and almost looked like she cheered up

_Wonderful, you will have them ready for tonight, remember, it’s our secret… Carole,

Carole looked up to Chloe as she finished her phrase

_There is nothing to be ashamed off, come on, let’s get you cleaned!

Carole stepped out of her bed and looked down. There was a large yellow circle where she had been laying down. She just sighed and stepped closer to Chloe. She was told to turn around, so she did. Chloe undid her laces and opened her dress. She gently pulled it down to reveal Carole’s small clothes. Her chemise had a yellow patch in her back where her urine had crept under her. Her lower area was still very wet though. The soft fabric of her underwear adhered to her skin like glue and being wet, made it extremely see through.

Chloe had seen her naked multiple times before, but not like this.

_Arms up!

Chloe exclaimed quite cheerfully.

Carole obeyed and Chloe removed her chemise and threw it to a basket. She then kneeled down and with both hands in either sides of her waist she pulled down the remaining underwear.

_I’ll take care of the mess, step into the bathtub, it should have cooled down by now.

After being completely clean she felt much better. With the help of Chloe she dried off and hurriedly got dressed for the dance. After about an hour of preparation she was ready. She had chosen a white dress with golden touches. Her breasts had been compressed due to the pressure of the corset. Her waist was also quite tight even though she was already fit. The normal thing would be to wear high heels but Carole convinced Chloe to let her wear plain white shoes. No one would know anyways. She was already tall for a girl.

Whilst they were both staring at her in the mirror, she felt a pang in her bladder. Not too strong, but enough to let her know that her bladder was still receiving the liquids from her previous hold. She held her hand against her compressed bladder and gasped. Chloe looked at her through the mirror

_There is no time; you will have to wait until tonight.

Carole didn’t care, she was still looking forward to tonight where she could let go anywhere without even wetting her dress, but most importantly, she wanted to see Anne.

