The First Date

Author: Caydency

*000*2011-07-11 19:20

Note: The characters used in this story are purely in it for fun, and this relates in no way to real life. Please keep that in mind as you read this, but please, do feel free to fantasize however you feel the need to about these characters! That's what AP is for.~

Characters used: Chad and Lunaria.

~+~

Lunaria was sitting on her bed, brushing her hair as she was getting ready for their first date. She was extremely nervous, and had been drinking water and coffee left and right. She had a huge stomach, but not so much a big bladder. Her bladder could sometimes hold her our for nearly four hours before she'd wet herself, and she could only hope that nothing would happen to ruin the date.

As she was putting a barrette in her hair on the side, the doorbell rang and she smile brightly, putting on some perfume before walking out of her bedroom, smiling to herself as she closed its door, walking through the foyer upstairs and down the flight of stairs, heading right to open the front door, smiling up at her boyfriend. "Hey Chad. Come on in to sit down for a bit of tea before we go.~", she said to him, letting him walk in while she closed the door behind him.

As he took his seat, she traveled her way into the kitchen to pour him a glass of tea, walking in and serving it to him with yet another smile. "There you go, Chad. It's fresh and warm, enjoy.~".

"Alright, Luna.~", he called her, using the nickname that she'd been given by him as he'd grown weary of having to always say 'Lunaria' every single time he wished to speak to her. "So, when do you think we should leave? The movie starts at 7, so I personally think that we should leave soon so we're not late.", he suggested, Lunaria nodding to him in agreement. "Alright, that seems like a good idea, Chad. I'll be sure to grab my purse right now then because by then, you should be done, right?".

Chad nodded, letting her go upstairs to grab her purse, his mind suddenly wandering away to begin thinking of some naughty things. Maybe she's been drinking all evening. That way, she'll really be bursting tonight during the movie..Hehe.~ He then shook his head as he realized that Lunaria was on her back down the stairs, and he shooed the thoughts away so she wouldn't grow suspicious.

They then left her house, going to Chad's car and driving away towards the movie theater. As they were entering the parking lot, Lunaria began to shift in the seat a bit, and Chad looked to her, tilting his head. "Are you alright, Luna?".

"Yeah, I'm fine, my legs are just sore.", she said, covering herself as she was nearly caught in the act.

They found a parking space and made their way inside, but Luna had absolutely no chance to get into the bathroom as there were several people lined up outside the door. Chad ordered them an extra-large soda to share with each other, but preferably she'd drink it up by herself, or at least drink most of it by herself. They got their tickets as well, and made their way inside to the theater, taking two seats in the middle.

The movie started shortly after they were seated, and Lunaria was shifting around just a bit more than she was before, blushing a bit as she hoped that Chad wouldn't notice what was going on. He looked to her out of the corner of his eyes, pretending not to notice and resting his hands in his lap, only to hide the almost-full boner he was getting as this desperate girl was giving him a show right in front of his eyes.

He began to hear whispered whimpers coming from her about halfway through the movie, and he looked to her, tilting his head as he saw her bouncing up and down in her seat, tapping her feet on the floor energetically, her hands pressing down on the front of her skirt as she tried not to wet herself in front of the boy she loved so dearly, and who also loved her the same way. "Luna, what's up?", he whispered to her, seeing tears in her eyes at this point.

"N-Nothing...!", she whispered to him, blushing deeply as she began to squirm, closing her eyes tightly as she sat stiff now, doubled over as she tried to regain her control, a sudden squirt of pee hitting her panties, wetting them on the cloth that covered the opening of her pussy. She gasped soundlessly, beginning to shake as she felt another squirt of pee escape, her hands pressing down even more as she tried to regain her control. She finally ended up sitting back up straight, shaking as she broke into a cold sweat from sheer desperation racking her brain, her eyes moving back to the screen in front of them to continue watching the movie.

Chad was worried and also very much turned on, hiding his full boner from the world around them, eventually letting the situation go as he watched the movie as well. Soon, it was nearly the end of the movie, and he looked over to see her suddenly double over once again, shaking as she whimpered and whined, closing her eyes as she cried with desperation.

She felt a spurt of pee wet her panties even more, her hands now reaching in between her legs to hold herself tightly, her body weakly standing up as another squirt escaped into her panties, her fingers wet with pee as she tried to walk out, but when that first step was taken, the floodgates burst open as she attracted the attention of Chad and several others around them, her pee gushing out through her fingers and to the floor, dripping from her fingertips and legs, puddling quickly around her feet as she danced around, stepping from foot-to-foot as she cried, refusing to let herself believe that she was having such an accident now, but it was obviously far too late as she had no control of the stream anymore, the hot pee steaming as the puddle was growing larger and larger, her pee streaming down her legs and from her fingers.

Chad watched in amazement, almost drooling as he leaned back, beginning to rub himself through his pants, blushing as he watched his girlfriend completely soak herself in front of him. She was still peeing even then, his hands dragging out his shaft as he rubbed it vigorously, his breaths growing deep as he finally began cumming all over his hands, blushing as she kept his moans inside to keep the attention on Luna rather than himself.

After a minute soon passed, she had finally stopped peeing, the puddle huge and her panties soaked all over, her eyes overflowing with tears as she stood up and cried with humiliation, Chad pulling her down ontop of him and pulling her panties aside, guiding her pussy to move up and down against his shaft, hearing her whisper a whine of pleasure to his ears, blushing deeply as she soon came all over his shaft, people around them unable to notice it as they were skillfully hiding their moans with their breaths.

As soon as they were ready to, they left the theater holding each other's hands, and Chad made his way back to Luna's house with her, dropping her off after giving her a kiss goodbye, smiling to himself as he drove away, now grinning hugely as he let out a loud 'Yes!!' to himself, happy that their first date went the way it did. That was the best night of his life, and ultimately, Luna's.

~End~

