When You Gotta Go Then Go Depot

Author: Guest SAM996

*000*2015-07-04 15:34

So with my first fanfic done I felt I should do another (if you haven't read my other one then don't forget to do so). Again like my other one not overly sexual or descriptive in its content like most probably are so if that doesn't sway you then don't read. Anyway enjoy. Also full disclosure I've only heard of Home Depot never been there they don't have it where I am so this is just sort of a fiction version so forgive me if it doesn't entirely line up to where certain things are in the store. Also this was partially inspired by another story on her that used a similar set up and I felt its an interesting one that I think more people should try.

Plot: Amy (from my previous story Pet For A Day) is working at her job in Home Depot. When she becomes desperate to pee and the toilets in the store both public and employee aren't working she's willing to go to any means necessary in order to pee. Even possibly use the display toilet. Can she do so without being caught?

Amy had been working since 9AM this morning. Apparently this Friday was extra busy since the store was going to be closed tomorrow for the 4th of July. Which meant she had to walk around with a smile on her face even though she just felt done and wanted to go home. This was going to be a long and boring day. Amy stood in the furniture section as a couple asked for directions to the kitchen area.

"Down that way straight on and then take a left you can't miss it right across from the bathroom area" Amy smiled as the young couple thanked her and they walked away. Amy liked her job here she knew that it's just long days she hated.

It was then a few hours later after she helped couples pick out everything from chairs, to kitchens, to cutlery that Amy after squirming in discomfort noticed something she didn't do this morning. She had to pee. Normally she'd go in the morning and that'd be it but since her superiors were adamant on having staff there she decided to forgo peeing and just head out since she wasn't desperate. Now after hours on being at work and drinking water to keep her going her need grew.

"No problem toilet break could be just what I need" Amy told herself. She couldn't wait to be done. Amy walked to the employee bathrooms as she bumped into the door and tried unlocking it only to notice an "Out of Order sorry for inconvenience" sign. No problem she could just use the customer ones. Amy walked over there too and then suddenly gasped in horror. There was an "Out of Order" sign there too.

"Yeah sorry Amy apparently both bathrooms were flooded last night. They say it'll take at least another day to clean" Abby a co-worker of hers said walking by. Both out of order. Damn it now what would Amy do? Normally she could hold it but the water she consumed today and the pee needing to be emptied from this morning were really putting a strain on her bladder.

Deciding to try and distract herself Amy walked along and began thinking about going home later but found it hard not to hop and squirm in desperation. God what would she do? Maybe fake an illness? Nah she wouldn't be able to make it the need was starting to become more strong there was no way she'd be able to last till the end of the day. In her desperation she tried her best to hide it as she directed a couple to the building tools area. After holding her crotch area for what seemed like ever Amy noticed she was near the display bathroom area. She thought for a moment. Maybe she could go in one of those toilets. They were toilets after all even with no pipes and the pee would just sit there.

"No I can't. They'd fire me" Amy told herself she couldn't risk her job because of her bladder. However the pain was really starting to hurt. Sighing she walked over to the display bathrooms as people were looking at various toilets and showers. The sight of all these toilets wasn't helping her case as she tried not to dance on the spot. It was then she noticed a complete area with a wall and door that would lock.

"Screw it" Amy said if she was lucky she'd get out before anyone would notice. Once noting that the coast was clear Amy ran to the door and went inside.

Locking the door Amy glanced down at the toilet wondering if she could do this. The toilet felt like it was inviting her sit down with it's pristine sparkling condition being highlighted by the light above. Amy carefully put down the seat with the price tag still attached which admittedly felt weird but what she was about to do was even more weird. God help her. After struggling a bit to get them down she finally yanked her pants and panties down and sat on the display toilet and let go. She had to resist sighing happily in relief at the risk of being heard as the stream hit the inside of the bowl. In her moment of relief she suddenly heard someone come towards the door.

"Shit" she thought. Amy stopped for a moment squeezing her leg muscles together to stop her pee from flowing. She carefully put ear to the wall as she heard outside what she assumed were a young couple being confused as to why the door was closed. Damn it she was going to get caught. Oh well it was fun while it lasted. And it was actually quite exciting to pee in a display toilet. She wondered why nobody else tried this when an inconvenience like this occurred. Finally she heard the couple leave as they said something about going to the garden tools area.

"That was a close one" Amy whispered. Relaxing again she managed to let the rest of her pee go into the bowl. Finally finishing she stood up and looked at the pee she left behind. In a way she felt sorry for the person who was going to clean it but what could she do? When you gotta go you gotta go somewhere. She pulled up her pants and panties and then tip toed towards the door and carefully opened it. Sticking her head out to make sure the coast was clear she quickly dashed out towards the kitchen area that was across the way and sighed. She got away with it. Hopefully.

Finally later on the day was over as Amy headed on out the door. Today was quite a long day and an interesting one. She peed in the store display bathrooms and seemingly got away with it. The feeling while fun and adventurous she was still worried she'd be caught and fired. As Amy was about to head out the door she saw Abby run towards her.

"Hey Amy wait up" Abby called. Holding the door open Amy and Abby both walked out of the building together when Abby told her what she didn't want to hear.

"Hey did you know someone peed in one of the display toilets?" Abby said.

"Oh really? Did they know who did it?" Amy said pretending to sound surprised and subtly asking whether she was caught.

"No they don't" The cameras were apparently turned off today by mistake when one of the security guards forgot to turn them on after returning from his lunch break. He apparently slept straight after lunch forgetting his job. Boss fired him for it. Anyway they reckon it was probably some misguided kid with a parent who didn't know any better. Must have been a pretty desperate kid though there was a lot of pee in there." Abby said not realising the truth.

"Yeah he or she probably was" Amy said. She had gotten away with it,

"So how did you end up going to the bathroom afterwards?" Abby asked

"Oh I'm still holding it in." Amy lied. If she did she would have wet herself by now.

"Wow that long? Good on you I would of given up hours ago. Well later Amy." Abby walked off down the road. Amy smiled, Maybe today wasn't that bad after all.

Then suddenly her phone beeped. It was her friend Michelle sending her a text if she wanted to come to the mall tomorrow. She replied yes and headed off home after her long day. Quite a day indeed.

THE END. (Not as long as the last one and yes this sort of serves as a prequel to it)

*003*2015-07-05 01:11

Thanks for your replies honestly surprised people think its good. Check out my other one too and keep an eye out others I'll be doing eventually

