Highway Hassles

Author: Guest Tascheter

*000*2015-11-20 05:09

It was one of those warm summer nights where it doesn’t ever really get all the way dark outside, where even after the sun sets there’s still some of that purple glow left over in the sky. It was beautiful, really, I thought. See, this whole thing wasn’t really that bad after all. Sure, it was kinda a pain in the ass to drive all the way out in the middle of nowhere in the middle of the night, but it was pretty cool, too, driving along with the wind in your hair, with not another soul on the road. And, of course, I couldn’t bitch too much. It was my girlfriend I was picking up, after all.

I didn’t really know what the whole story was. Emma, my girlfriend, had explained it to me over the phone, but I only really picked some of it up. I guess Emma and her sister had been out in some country town the whole day. Emma’s younger sister did some sort of ballet thing, and so she’d been dancing there some sort of town festival or some shit like that. Well, they were on their way home when her car just broke down on the side of the road. So here I was, driving out to pick the two of them up. I’d been driving for an hour, and had seen no sight of them yet, but I knew I had to be close.

I actually almost missed them; I was flying down the road when I heard someone call my name from behind. Quickly I looked behind me and saw Emma standing there, illuminated in my taillights. I slammed on the brake immediately, turning off the car and hopping out.

“God, am I glad to see you,” said my girlfriend, running up and giving me a kiss. “We’ve been stuck out here in the middle of fucking nowhere for two hours.”

I looked up to see her old car, lying on the side of the road. “Did you call a tow truck?”

She nodded. “Yeah. It’s on its way. I’m sure as fuck not gonna hang around to wait for it though.” Turning around, she called, “Halle! Gavin’s here!”

From the darkness behind Emma emerged her sister, Halle. She looked kinda weirdly hunched over, but I didn’t know. It was the middle of the night. My eyes were definitely playing all sorts of tricks on me at this point.

“Well, I guess we can get going,” I said, walking back over to my car and opening the side doors. Emma was right behind me, clambering into the passenger seat as I sat down in front of the wheel.

“Jesus, Halle, hurry up!” she called. I looked behind to see Halle shuffling along towards the car. She looked up at us, but didn’t give any reply, just increased her speed a little and climbed into the back. She shut the door, and I executed a perfect U-turn to get back onto the highway.

“Hey, Gav?” asked Emma, as I gathered speed.

“Yeah?”

“Is it possible you could stop somewhere along the way? Halle really has to pee, and I wouldn’t mind going myself,” she said.

I nodded, looking back at the girl in my backseat. Well, now it made sense why she was looking so tense and uncomfortable. She had to be bursting after waiting out there for so long. I mean, not that she was the most talkative person anyway, but she had seemed unusually quiet.

She looked up as soon as her name was mentioned, a blush crawling over her cheeks. “I mean, it’s not really a big deal,” she murmured.

“I’ve had to put up with two hours of your bitching about having to pee,” commented Emma. “I’d like that to end as soon as possible.”

“Emma,” she said, blushing even more. Just then, it seemed that a sudden spasm hit her; she hunched over, a frantic look crossing her face as she jammed her hands into the crotch of her leotard, wriggling around in the back seat.

“Yeah, I mean, I think there’s a rest stop up here somewhere,” I said, stepping on the gas. It was pretty obvious to me that the situation was urgent. Luckily, the roads were empty, and I could go a comfortable ten miles above the speed limit with no problems.

It wasn’t long before my girlfriend fell asleep, looking as gorgeous as always even after two hours spent in a cornfield. I just concentrated on staying awake, shooting a concerned glance to the back every once in awhile. Halle was obviously in bad shape. She was squirming around constantly now, sitting on one of her heels and pushing it into her crotch with her hands, bouncing up and down, with the frantic look still on her face. I still didn’t see any sign of that rest stop anywhere, but I knew it was coming up somewhere. I hoped so, anyway.

Suddenly, I heard a sharp gasp behind me.

“Everything alright back there?” I asked, not wanting to take my eyes off the road. I didn’t get an answer.

Looking back, I saw Halle with her face screwed up in concentration, hands clamped down on her crotch with a death grip. I had sisters; I knew that she wasn’t likely to last another five minutes, not to mention the time it would take to find the rest stop.

“Here,” I said, pulling off on the shoulder of the road. “You can just go on the side of the road here. I won’t look or anything -”

“It’s too late,” she whimpered, eyes downcast, just as I saw something glisten near her crotch. Everything was dead silent as I watched the pee burst forth, running in small rivulets down her thighs and staining the fabric of her leotard. The golden liquid pooled beneath her, and I inwardly groaned as I saw the fabric of the seat begin to absorb it. All I could hear was the sound of hissing as more and more pee burst forth from her, dripping down to the floor of the car. She began to sob, the pee still coming. The crotch of her leotard was soaked, making them completely translucent; I could see clear through to her panties, also flooded. Quickly, I averted my eyes, but I couldn’t block out the sounds of the pee trickling down to the floor and her forceful sobs.

“I’m sorry… I’m so sorry,” she said, sounding completely dejected. I looked back at her tear-streaked face with what I hoped was a comforting smile.

“It’s alright. It isn’t the first or last time someone’s pissed in here,” I said, hearing the sound of her stream die away. I could see why she’d been so desperate; the girl had pissed enough to fill a reservoir. “Could happen to anyone. You have any clothes to change into?”

She shook her head. “I forgot. I only have… these…” She burst into a fresh round of tears.

“Well, shit. You probably want to get out of those, though. There’s a blanket in the back; you can wear that until we get home.”

She nodded, unbuckling her seatbelt, wiping her tears, and crawling back to the trunk. I took the time to inspect the damage to the seat; it was bad. Oh, well. Shit happens; that’s pretty much my motto these days.

It was then that I saw Emma’s eyes open, and she sat up with a yawn. “Aren’t we at the rest stop yet? I gotta take a piss!”

I sighed, pulling back out on the road. It looked like I had an even longer night ahead of me.

