Orihime Had To Pee

Author: Dragunov

*000*2022-02-27 12:33

(I'm just posting this story here all credits goes to Omorashi-lover)

In this fan-fiction, all characters from Bleach Anime act as a normal human without any supernatural, inhuman power or fantasy abilities.

Inoue Orihime’s Bathroom Desperation 1 – The Unexpected Morning

It was a Friday morning, Inoue Orihime, the 15 year old schoolgirl who were still lying on her bed, widen her eyes lazily. Orihime felt extremely tired as she spent almost all her night doing massive assignments yesterday. Steadily glanced up with her weighty head, she was shocked as she stared at her alarm clock.

“Oh it’s 7.00 now, I’m going to be late!” Orihime used to wake up on 6.30 a.m. regularly, but she had forgotten to set her alarm that day, and thus it led to her unforgettably depressed, embarrassing day…

After having some of her own “abnormal” recipe – green tea with jam and donut with salt, Orihime combed her hair hastily and was ready to rush to her classroom. Since Orihime was alone in her house after her brother’s death, she goes to school everyday by walking, hence she had the habit of waking early.

“I need to go to the bathroom… but it should be fine,” Orihime thought. Despite being someone who has unbelievably weird taste on food and drinks, she is especially careful when it comes to the need to urinate.

Orihime would always try to keep her bladder empty before going anywhere to avoid desperation and the embarrassment of needing to go badly, as a clean and dignified girl. However today she didn’t have the chance or the time to visit the loo, to settle her morning pee.

The class starts at 7.15 everyday, Orihime dashed as fast as she could. Her C-cup breasts and her grey schoolgirl skirt bounced as each of her powerful running steps hit the ground. The same thing went to the muscle of her lower abdomen, as she Orihime jogged faster she could feel the urge to pee.

“Err… Let’s see today is Thursday so Hisagi sensei should be there most of the periods, he’ll surely let me go to the bathroom later,” Orihime’s mind optimistically considered as she was almost reaching Karakura High School.

Eventually, Orihime climbed the staircases swiftly and rushed into her class located on the 2nd floor of the building. As she was approaching, she heard Tsunade-san’s frightening voice in the classroom, seemingly scolding a student for some sesame-liked issues.

“Err…Morning, everyone!” Orihime knocked the door gently and greeted everyone politely. She silently prayed that Tsunade-san would forgive her for being late, since it was just 5 minutes.

“I sincerely apologize for being late, Tsunade-san,” Orihime lowered her head and glanced at the floor, she managed not to tremble over fear. The devil woman of Karakura High School, Tsunade-san spun Orihime’s long, flaming orange hair and stared at the poor girl closely as if she was going to swallow her.

“ORIHIME-CHAN, do you know how much you would affect the whole lesson for being late, for such a long time?” Tsunade yelled as she pounded Orihime’s head with a thick textbook. Luckily Orihime had an exceptionally hard head, but it didn’t shield her from the tremendous fear she had suffered.

Orihime sat on her seat, the brilliant place right beside the window, where you can gaze outside when you’re bored, but not when Tsunade-san is here. Her bladder was still bothering her as she wondered where Hisagi sensei went, he supposed to be teaching until the 4th period on Thursday.

“Oh no, it’s Friday!” Orihime’s purple-tinted grey eyes widened with shock as she gasped soundlessly. She had just realized that it was a Friday after looking at the timetable. Tsunade was going to be in the class in the 1st, 4th and 5th period!

Nobody dares to ask Tsunade-san for the permission to use the bathroom, usually they would choose to hold it until another teacher is coming or before Tsunade’s periods (not that period!) approaches.

“I should be able to wait for a period, then I’ll go when Hisagi sensei comes,” Orihime was busy planning for her bladder’s safety.

Fortunately Hisagi sensei would be teaching for the 2nd and 3rd period, Orihime sighed in relief. There are 40 minutes in a period, therefore the late comer Orihime would just have to wait 35 minutes and less until she could ask for the loo.

“Pssst…Orihime-chan,” Tatsuki, the tomboyish girl who was sitting beside Orihime whispered to her when Tsunade-san wasn’t aware of it, “Are you okay? Why were you late?” Since Tatsuki is Orihime’s best friend, she would certainly notice if there’s something unusual with her.

“We’ll talk in the next period, Tatsuki-chan,” Orihime was too afraid of Tsunade, she didn’t want to risk herself being scold at for chatting during the lesson.

“Orihime-chan, are you paying attention?” Suddenly Tsunade-san who was facing the other side, turned back unexpectedly and shouted.

Obviously Tsunade-san was a little prejudiced to Orihime, no doubt because Orihime is 1 of the most beautiful student at her age. Tsunade-san’s jealousies must have led to all these unjustifiable angers, despite having a pair of larger E-cup breasts she isn’t any prettier than Orihime.

After being yelled at, Orihime tried her best to focus on what the teacher was mumbling. As the adorable girl was jotting down some so-called “important” notes, she was squirming around her seat slowly due to the discomfort of her bladder, without herself noticing it.

“Oh please, just 5 more minutes,” Orihime spoke to herself quietly as she looked at her watch. It was going to be the 2nd period Orihime longed for! Although she had regained some confidence she couldn’t help but kept on clenching her fist, the morning pee had cause her to feel more than uncomfortable now…

Inoue Orihime’s Bathroom Desperation 2 – The Hesitation

Desperately waiting for the 5 minutes, Orihime’s anxiety had made her felt like releasing her bodily waste on the classroom chair. Even though she couldn’t stop inhaling deeply and rapidly, she tried to pretend that she was calm.

“Orihime-chan,” Tsunade-san spanked Orihime’s table instantaneously, “Orihime-chan, let me remind you, your science project was awfully ridiculous!”

“I…I had a stomachache that… time,” Orihime found it hard to spilt her words out although she was telling the truth. She felt even more like letting go inside her panties now, due to the trembling fear Tsunade had prompted.

Ring, ring, ring… Finally the bell rang and the devil woman expectedly, won’t be around for the next 2 periods. Orihime exhaled relievedly with a girly tone and rubbed the surface of her thighs along with her grey skirt.

“I’ll deal with you about your project when I’m back,” being as 1 of the discipline teacher in Karakura High School, Tsunade-san was just too horribly strict. In due course, she stepped out of the classroom as Hisagi sensei entered, without even responding his greeting smile.

“Yea it’s Hisagi sensei!” Michiru Ogawa, 1 of the shorter girl in Orihime’s classroom squealed happily, everybody seemed to be relieved after Tsunade-san had gone away. Apparently, Hisagi sensei the manly and handsome teacher is quite popular among his students.

Orihime had retained a lot of confidence, though her desperation was still increasing, her bladder was still filling with green tea silently. She turned her head and gazed around the classroom, but nobody had asked for going to the bathroom.

“Orihime-chan, what was going on just now?” Tatsuki finally had the opportunity to talk to Orihime. Well, Hisagi sensei doesn’t make big fuss on small stuffs.

“You’re late today and…” Tatsuki looked into Orihime’s face wonderingly and said, “It seems that something is bothering you.”

“N…Nothing, Tatsuki-chan,” Orihime gave a fake and yet silly smile. In spite of being best friends Orihime didn’t want the tomboyish to know about her very personal, shameful problem.

“Inoue-san,” after being quiet for almost an hour, Ishida Uryuu, another friend of

Orihime finally spoken, “don’t even bother if that bitch said anything hurt, alright?” As a calm and determined boy, Ishida definitely was well discerned that Orihime was up to something, though he probably couldn’t figure out feminine dilemma such as needing the restroom.

“G…guys, I’m alright see?” Orihime stood up and spun around to show how energetic, motivated she was, at the same time making herself a little comfortable. Nonetheless, her worried expression and pale face had betrayed her.

“It’s still the 2nd period, I shouldn’t ask Hisagi sensei yet,” Orihime sat back on her seat and crossed her legs together. She was too embarrassed to request a bathroom permission from Hisagi sensei, after all it was just a second period.

“Today we’re going to talk about public facilities,” Hisagi sensei pointed the whiteboard with a slim, silver metal stick. He is a warm, considerate and caring person, indeed heaven and hell as if compared to Tsunade-san.

“I’ll ask Hisagi sensei now… no just wait 5 more minutes,” Orihime hesitated as the embarrassing yet lovely squirms on her seat became more and more frequent. Meanwhile, Hisagi kept on explaining stuffs about facilities.

Orihime was aiming for the best timing to ask so that she wouldn’t interrupt the lesson, she didn’t want to spoil her excellent impression in front of Hisagi sensei. Orihime’s indecision was indirectly stopping her from having the nerve to go to the toilet.

Roughly 10 minutes since Hisagi sensei set foot into the class, Tatsuki had noticed

Orihime’s abnormal movements and her observable squirms. She was curious and a little worried about Orihime’s unusualness, though she thought she already knew why.

“Orihime-chan, are you feeling well today?” Hisagi sensei stared at Orihime intriguingly and asked with a kind gesture, “you look kinda pale.”

“I’m… fine, thanks for your concerns, Hisagi sensei,” Orihime blushed as she replied, with a lie. Although Hisagi sensei’s warm-hearted question sounded caring, it didn’t cease to let Orihime from gaining more unwanted attention from the class. The more attention she attained, the more she hesitated to ask for using the washroom.

“Are you sure?” Hisagi sensei stepped closed to Orihime and said, “You’re not paying much attention today, but I know that’s not you.” He glanced down at Orihime, who was sitting, tensing her body tightly due to her desperation and her bashfulness as if he was observing her.

“Tell me if you need anything Orihime-chan,” Hisagi sensei placed his palm on

Orihime’s head steadily, “don’t be reluctant to excuse yourself, if… you need to use the bathroom, okay?” He wasn’t sure if he guessing was correct, well it certainly was!

“S…sure, okay,” Orihime should retain more confidence now, she knew that Hisagi sensei would let her go anytime she had to. But too bad, Orihime would feel even more humiliated in front of her classmates if she really asked after her little conversation with Hisagi sensei.

“Orihime-chan, the teacher’s right, I can tell you have to go too,” Tatsuki whispered to her as Hisagi continued his topic about various facilities.

“I…I still can wait,” unwilling to sacrifice her pride, Orihime planned on waiting longer, at least until the end of the 2nd period. Or even better, the 3rd period, so that everyone in the class wouldn’t think anything “bad” about her for going to the bathroom that early.

After all, it was just her intense sensitivity, rather than the other’s opinion.

Unfortunately, was it a mere coincidence or a misfortune to Orihime? Hisagi sensei was explaining about bathrooms now. The pictures of toilets he stuck on the whiteboard had raged Orihime’s desire to pee. Orihime uncrossed and crossed her legs in the other direction as she tried not to look at the shiny white, lovely loo.

Ultimately it was 5 minutes before the 2nd period ended, Orihime rubbed the inner part of her fingers together against each other and bent her body forward a little. Part of mind was waiting for someone to go to the bathroom so she wouldn’t be the only one, while part of it was finding the right timing to ask.

Orihime could feel the painful sensation at the lower tummy, her bladder was fully occupied by liquid particles, pushing against her bladder furiously.

“Oh I really have to pee, I think I must ask Hisagi sensei now… no, hold just 3 minutes more!” Orihime was being doubtful over her annoying hesitant as she kept on staring on her watch. Seemingly Orihime was planning how much longer she should wait and whenever it reached that moment she would push the time further again…

Orihime’s Bathroom Desperation 3 – The Sudden Test

Ultimately, the bell rang as Orihime was bouncing her body up and down a little. She figured that she certainly must ask Hisagi sensei for the toilet.

“All right everyone, that’s all for today,” Hisagi told the class, unexpectedly, “Due to some personal problem, Tsunade-san will be replacing me for the 3rd period today.”

Most of the students sighed disappointedly, the devil woman Tsunade-san would be there for an extra 40 minutes today.

“I’m really sorry for this, so see you all tomorrow.” Hisagi beamed and stacked his books swiftly as he was ready to go away.

Hearing the simple sentences Hisagi sensei had spoken, Orihime was in a total, freaking shock. She knew that her condition would be worse than death if Tsunade-san came in – she’ll probably have to wait until the recess before she could pee!

Without a single hesitation, Orihime stood up and approached the teacher’s table abruptly.

“Hisagi sensei, m…may I go to the toilet?” Orihime blushed and glanced down as she was fidgeting a little over her desperation. Her voice was rather weak when she was requesting, apparently no students in the class had heard it.

Unfortunately, Hisagi sensei didn’t hear a word from Orihime as well. Before Orihime had asked, Hisagi sensei was already facing the door, readied to go out hurriedly.

Seemingly Hisagi sensei was in a hurry, well he should be able to notice Orihime who was behind him if he wasn’t.

Orihime kept gazing on the floor as she walked back to her seat steadily, her mind was deeply engaged with disappointment, anxiety, shamefulness, and most importantly, desperation. As she bent her body down in order to sit down, she could feel the painful pressure from her swelling bladder.

“Oh no… I really really need to pee but now Hisagi sensei is gone, I should have told him earlier,” Orihime was almost obsessed with her regret, but it changed nothing, she couldn’t go back to the past.

“Orihime-chan, were you… actually asking Hisagi sensei for the bathroom just now?” Tatsuki faced Orihime and questioned her, hopefully she was able to finish the conversation before Tsunade-san stepped in.

“N…no Tatsuki-chan, you see… I was going to ask him about the homework but he didn’t hear me… so…” Orihime avoided Tatsuki’s intent gaze and lied. She actually didn’t want anyone to bother her now, but she wanted to look relaxed in front of her best friend.

“You can’t fake me out with that, Orihime-chan,” Tatsuki’s tone turned serious, she was worried about Orihime.

“Y… yes and Tsunade-san won’t let me go!” Orihime crossed her legs tightly all of sudden as she finally spilled out what was “sealed” in her mind. Fortunately nobody heard it besides Tatsuki.

Suddenly the class became unbelievably and abnormally quiet, an accurate indication whenever Tsunade-san comes in. Orihime stared at her table quickly and inhaled deeply as she tensed her muscle rigidly with fear and despair.

“As you all was informed, Hisagi sensei isn’t available for some reason,” Tsunade cleared her throat and continued, “So I’ll be giving you all an hour of test now.”

Orihime gasped terrifyingly, she thought she couldn’t wait that long, she stood up a little reluctantly. Being forced by this hell-liked situation, Orihime planned to ask Tsunade-san for the toilet before the test began.

Too bad, before she could even stand up completely, a girl who was pressing her tummy rushed to Tsunade-san all of sudden.

“Tsunade-san, I’m sorry for this, but I really have to go to the bathroom, I think I took the wrong breakfast today!” the girl pleaded as she was stepping on the floor rapidly, obviously needing to poop badly.

“Go faster!” Tsunade replied angrily, “I don’t want anyone to go to the bathroom from now on, focus on your test!” Tsunade-san seriously dislikes the students for going the restroom, for some unknown reason. No matter what it is, it was a disaster for Orihime.

“Oh no… I have to hold it, I cannot pee myself here, maybe I’ll ask when the test ends,” Orihime clenched her fist and jiggled her body back and forth as she was getting desperate.

Could she hold it for the entire hour?

Inoue Orihime’s Bathroom Desperation 4 – Caught in the Act

The class had become unbelievably quiet and the atmosphere had turned even tense, as Tsunade was passing down the test papers to everyone. Orihime who was still crossing her legs and fighting the flaming urge to put a hand on her lovely crotch breathed in and out worriedly, hearing her own heartbeat of fear over the silence, the fear of humiliating herself in class.

“I don’t want anyone to cheat in the test and I’ll consider you cheating if you turn your head around, leaving your seat or talking to your friends!” Tsunade said in a mean gesture, it’s not an exaggeration to say the phrase “as terrifying as Tsunade”.

“I must hold it for an hour until the test ends, I certainly must!” Orihime uncrossed her legs and rubbed her lower abdomen stealthily. She thought that she could endure this terrible hour if she stopped thinking about peeing, Tsunade-san might let her go after the test.

Nevertheless, it was doubtlessly easier to think than act, especially when it comes to bladder endurance of a typical feminine girl like Orihime. The green tea and the pee she stored up since last midnight had already merged together inside her painful bladder.

Orihime stared at her test paper absentmindedly, she couldn’t focus on solving the brainstorming math problems in her desperate state. How she hoped that she could spray all the bodily waste out of her overstretched bladder peacefully in the toilet and continue the test, she might even get 100% for it! However Tsunade-san, the inconsiderate, strict teacher surely wouldn’t understand that.

Eventually Orihime solved the first question successfully, though the first is always ought to be the easiest one on a test paper. Still she didn’t know if she had answered correctly, she was too desperate to care about it. There were still 9 more questions to be calculated and 52 minutes more for the test to end.

“A…ah, I must do the test properly, or Tsunade is gonna scold me.” Orihime, being the 1 of the best student in Karakura High School, intended to strike perfection as she always does in various tests. Although over 90 percents of her mind were controlled by her bladder, she wanted to at least, get a pass on this math tests.

Abruptly, Orihime wiggled her legs up and down rapidly, making a little noises as her legs tapped on the floor. The action managed to stop the sudden feeling of piss leaking inside her cotton panties, but it never ceased her desperation from going worse.

“Stop that freaking noise, Orihime-chan!” Tsunade stared at the pretty girl furiously as she slapped the teacher’s table, creating a louder noise for the quiet classroom. Orihime felt like wetting herself again over the startle, hence she crossed her legs tightly to stop the urine from squeezing out.

The poor girl immediately rocked her body back and forth steadily with her legs still firmly crossed against each other. She thrust her left arm on her thighs as she continued the body shaking. She felt like, if she stopped moving for a second, she would pee herself uncontrollably.

Orihime tried her best to focus on doing the 2nd question, but it was extremely difficult for the full bladder girl. She wasn’t sure what should she do, she really had to pee and she had to answer all these annoying math problems. The frustration she suffered was convincing, to be more accurate, forcing the sensitive girl to cry hopelessly.

Tatsuki seated beside Orihime, was unable to concentrate on doing her own test as well. The tomboyish girl concerned deeply about Orihime’s desperate condition and was figuring if she could help her in any way.

As Orihime was going to write her inaccurate answer on the 2nd question, the ink of her last pen ran out unexpectedly. She was shocked as she searched inside her pencil box frantically, though she already knew that there was none, she just couldn’t think rationally or logically with her overfilled bladder.

The desperate girl swung her crossed legs back and forth as she rubbed her pen against the test paper madly to see if it could be “revive”. She bounced her body up and down a little as the frictions of her dead pen and the test paper continued, in a crazy and desperate pace. After all, her ability to think well had already been taken by her intense bladder desperation.

“O…oh no!” Orihime gasped and uttered soundlessly. After moments of foolish attempts there still wasn’t any ink, instead, she tore her paper accidentally with the sharp edge of her pen!

“Orihime-chan, what on earth do you think you’re doing?” Tsunade-san heard the noise of the tearing paper and stared at Orihime frightening wrath.

Despite of being scolded at, Orihime still bounced her body a little in front of Tsunade- san to avoid wetting herself. She didn’t know what to do, should she apologize to Tsunade-san or throw her pride off in front of everyone and beg Tsunade for the bathroom now? Either way, it couldn’t assure Orihime on getting the desired opportunity to use the toilet.

“I...I’m sorry, I’ll fix it… back,” Orihime raised her tore paper and temporarily combined the broken parts together with her finger, she couldn’t stop dancing her legs while doing so. Her movements were starting to go frantic on each of her reckless actions.

“Fine, I have a last one here, remember Orihime-chan, this is your LAST chance!” Tsunade-san placed a new paper on Orihime’s table violently and grabbed her previous paper, followed by a furious crumpling on it. Orihime bit her lips and looked at the paper anxiously.

Without being noticed, Tatsuki laid a blue pen on Orihime’s table swiftly. Orihime thanked her best friend deeply within her heart with a slight bashfulness and went on with her new paper. Unexpectedly, she was shocked that she had forgotten what she had written on the first question!

The poor C-cupped girl tried hard, but her attempt to recall was severely distracted by the overwhelming desire to empty her bladder. She was in a total confusion and was wondering if she should just tell what she was going through to the badass teacher.

“Psst…” Tatsuki whispered surreptitiously and expressed a secret signal to Orihime with her hands. Apparently, she had the intention to “help” Orihime on the test. Orihime had no idea, even if she is typically an honest Karakura High School student, cheating is the only option now. She didn’t want to risk peeing herself while focusing on doing the test or failing the test to hold that annoying, massive urine.

Tatsuki placed her paper at the edge of her table furtively as Orihime raised her head a little, of course, with her sexy legs still wiggling around under her table. It turned out to be quite successful because Tsunade-san had her eyes caught on some suspicious students on the other end of the class.

Roughly 35 minutes had passed by as Orihime waited Tatsuki to solve question number 8 so that she could copy again. The desperate girl was kinda glad that she could do all those math problems easily like this, without considering what would happen if they both had the same answer after the submission. Well, at least she must had already empty her bladder by that time.

Orihime gazed at Tatsuki’s answers carefully again as she copied with her indecent writings due to her full bladder. “x = 5-2,” Orihime memorized that as she tapped her legs on the floor.

“ORIHIME-CHAN!” suddenly, Tsunade-san yelled outrageously and gave Orihime’s table an angry spank, “How dare you try to cheat on the test!”

“You didn’t?!” Tsunade snatched both of their paper and did some comparison. Obviously, their steps are exactly the same, even the position of writing the answers. Nevertheless we shouldn’t blame Orihime on this, she was too freaking desperate to think a lot.

What would happen to our lovely, full bladder Orihime-chan?

Inoue Orihime’s Bathroom Desperation 5 – Punishment

“I had enough of you, Orihime-chan!” Tsunade-san enraged and scolded, “This is the end of your test!” Orihime startled in shock and bit her lips.

Tsunade crumpled Orihime’s test paper and attempted to throw it into the dustbin distance away, at the edge of the class. The “sorrowful” crushed test paper fell inside accurately, unexpectedly. She wanted to repeat the same progress on Tatsuki’s paper as well, but after few seconds of hesitation she just took that paper away, since Tatsuki wasn’t the one copying.

“I…I’m sorry, T…Tsunade-san,” Orihime gazed on table fearfully and said, with her legs jiggling up and down under the table. The adorable schoolgirl tried her greatest not to pee herself over the tremendous fright, she was feeling so vulnerable.

“You, stand over there!” Tsunade-san said with a vigorously terrifying voice, which could even cause a girl with a comfortable bladder to squirt some bodily waste on her panties. Orihime had no idea but to accede to that childish punishment commanded and held her tears of frustration forcefully.

As Orihime stood up from her warm and sweaty chair, the water balloon in her lower abdomen felt like bursting uncontrollably again. Immediately, she clutched her crotch firmly to seize the eagerness of relieving. The bashful girl then swayed her body steadily in order to make her desperation unsuspicious to everyone.

“Stop making your clumsy dances, stand over there or you’re gonna taste my wrath!” Tsunade-san pointed at the spot beside the teacher’s table impatiently and angrily.

The number 1 frightening discipline teacher of Karakura High School was being especially furious on this Friday, no doubt due to the consequence of reaching the menopause stage. Unfortunately, poor little Orihime had to suffer it, by risking her intensely stretched bladder.

Eventually, Orihime had become all fidgety as she strived to stand still. All those faithful thoughts that were in her mind were, “I must hold it! I can’t wet myself in front of everyone! I must tell Tsunade-san I really had to go…”

Unluckily, too bad for Orihime, her little bladder wasn’t as large as her wonderful boobies. It would be safer if she has one with bigger capacity. Standing stilly on the same spot had pushed her desperation into a dying point, all she was doing was fighting madly against her limit, with her willpower and her sake of dignity.

Even though most of the students were busy bothering with their own test, Orihime didn’t have the nerve to cover her crotch with her hands to make herself more comfortable. So crossing and tapping her legs furtively, jiggling her legs steadily and sexily were her only options.

Tears of despair and frustration had started to flow out involuntarily as her legs were doing pee dances more and more frantically. Sometimes Orihime would clamp her legs tightly together suddenly and stop the wiggles. And sometimes the poor girl would rub her lower tummy with her hands rapidly yet secretly.

The fact that she was afraid of being noticed on her embarrassing dilemma had made her pee even harder to endure. That’s certainly why dignified girls who always attempt to look clean and calm often edge themselves into desperate, painful state like this one.

Tatsuki though, was aware of Orihime’s desperation all the time. Since her test paper had being forced to submit, now she had some time to worry about Orihime. Meanwhile, Ishida who was sitting behind Orihime finished his paper quicker than everyone else, and had begun to stare at the weird movements of Orihime with wonders.

Doubtlessly, despite of being a determined boy Ishida wouldn’t easily spot the very personal and shameful problem of Orihime. Nonetheless he could faintly discern that Orihime’s fidgets were due to both physical and emotional discomfort. It’s just that he never thought of it could be something that has to do with pee.

“Oh please time, pass by faster, please!” Orihime couldn’t help but had started to constantly hop her thighs up and down, her desperate movements were going more obvious now. She had completely no strength to worry about how bad it would be to get 0 in the math test. All the C-cup girl hoped were to hold her embarrassing bodily waste until recess and not to humiliate herself.

“Alright, times up, put down your pen and stop writing,” Tsunade-san said loudly as she began to collect the papers. Finally the test ended, if Orihime hadn’t got punished she might be able to ask for the bathroom now. Assumedly, she would need to wait for approximately another hour, which was quite impossible to resist.

Orihime was in a total confusion, should she just stay where she was until recess or throw off her glory, cry and beg Tsunade-san for the restroom in front of everyone or even better, rush to the bathroom now and explain everything later? She crossed her legs tightly together and swung her fidgety, trembly body back and forth as she was busy clashing with her mind.

Standing beside Orihime now, Tsunade-san stacked the test papers collected and glared at Orihime fiercely, “Girl can’t you stand properly?” The very mean gesture in her words was like squeezing Orihime’s full, bulgy bladder indirectly and mentally. Orihime tried her best to put a stop on all the desperate jiggling, however she couldn’t help but made a huge, visible bounce in front of Tsunade-san.

“What do you think you’re doing? I’m calling you to stand straightly, I mean it, straightly!” Tsunade spanked her table and yelled outrageously, “did you break your backbones or something? Stop dancing!” Orihime blushed and took a deep breath, it was harder to force herself standing still right now than to touch the sky.

The flaming desire to pee had gone stronger and the burning urge to tell Tsunade-san she really really had to go had risen. Orihime desperately attempted to stop herself from doing so and felt extraordinarily irritated and frustrated. Furthermore she had to limit herself from making noticeable holdings. Everything had forced her tears to shed out slowly and sorrowfully.

Looking at her poor little best friend Orihime, Tatsuki felt powerless and prayed soundlessly. She was so worried about Orihime’s feelings and how could Orihime face the unacceptable fact if she really made a mess in the class.

Abruptly, Orihime gasped in astonishment and thrust her right hand onto her dry, but going-to-be-wet crotch. Tears of despair leaked out unstoppably from her shiny eyes, Orihime raised her left hand to wipe them out. She had started to dance and tap her legs on the floor in a frenzied pace again, with her hand still pressing on her crotch shamefully.

“This is so embarrassing, everyone’s looking at me, why must it be me?” Orihime sobbed as she thought sadly, “I really HAVE to pee, please don’t let me do it here…”

Tsunade-san stared at the disobediently jiggling girl, “Orihime you’re being so ignorant today, I don’t want to repeat…”

Before letting Tsunade-san finished her annoying sentence, Orihime walked a step further to the devil-liked teacher and said, with her voice slightly submerged with sobs,

“Tsunade-san, m…may I please g…go to the toi..toilet now? Please!” Inhaling and exhaling rapidly, Orihime pushed both of her legs tightly with her hands in between.

No one had ever dared to interrupt Tsunade’s speech, apparently Orihime was at the edge of pissing herself. The whole class gaped and stunned by the frightening atmosphere, had now found out Orihime’s dilemma, how embarrassing!

Would Tsunade-san be a good teacher and let the poor, shameful girl who was going to form a self-made puddle on the classroom floor go to where she desired that much?

Inoue Orihime’s Bathroom Desperation 6 – The Faithful Pleads

Tsunade-san was stunned by Orihime’s sudden, unexpected plead, which was of course, a very embarrassing plead for the bathroom. The grumpy teacher recovered her professionalism, clenched her fist and gave Orihime a furiously frightening glare.

“May you please NOT go to the bathroom?” Tsunade-san lean her body forward until her face was few inches in front of Orihime’s and babbled in a “playful” way as if she was a humorous teacher. Orihime’s miserable tears flowed out sorrowfully, unable to find the nerve to raise her head.

“You’re being punished and you’re telling me to let you go to the goddamn bathroom? What the hell do you want to do over there? Curse me wickedly like a witch on the mirrors because I’ve scolded you?” Tsunade-san cleared her throat and continued, “don’t forget that you’re Orihime the princess, stay at where you are!”

“B…but I really have to g…go,” Orihime closed her teary eyes as a little drip fell onto the floor. Immediately Orihime bent her legs a little and tapped on the floor swiftly, sounded like a little girl crying for the toilet, in front of her classmates.

“Orihime-chan, are you telling me that I must let you go just because you really have to?” Tsunade-san sat on the teacher’s table, glanced at her watch and said angrily, “You just need to wait 50 minutes, just 50 minutes more and it’ll be recess time and you can go wherever you like!”

Seriously, Tsunade-san shouldn’t have said that without realizing how desperate, how painful Orihime’s bursting bladder was. Everybody in the classroom looked at Orihime sillily, some were being sympathetic, some were wondering if she would wet herself as if they’re enjoying a dramatic performance, while some heartless students were giggling at the poor desperate girl. No matter how everyone thought of her, Orihime felt nothing but a complete shamefulness.

In spite of being deeply embarrassed, Orihime hadn’t give up and raised her reddening face, crossed her standing legs and begged frowningly, “P…Please Tsunade-san, I…I think I’ve drunk too much this morning so…”

The sobs were obviously affecting Orihime’s pronunciations, she was at the edge of going out of her mind with unendurable desperation. However, she was pretty discerned that suffering indignity was rather inevitable now, thus she should beg shamelessly for going to the bathroom, nothing would be more shameful than having cascades of urine flowing down her legs after all.

“You’re 15 year old and you’re no longer freaking 5, Orihime-chan!” Tsunade-san widen her guts-killing eyes outrageously, “don’t tell me you can’t hold it for such a short period!” Tsunade-san would never comprehend about how those 50 minutes, or even a few seconds could make an ached bladder girl felt like forever.

Instantly, Orihime had lost the capability of continuing to debate over this, Tsunade-san was just too scary for a girly student like her. Not to mention that Tsunade-san would never hear or understand how much her bladder desired for a leak, how badly the poor girl had to pee. And most importantly, she couldn’t speak much in this supremely irritating situation she was going through.

The lovely, feminine bodily waste in Orihime’s overstrained bladder had only one way to escape, doubtlessly, her firmly shut urethra. Orihime bit her lip, danced her body madly and tensed the muscle of her lower abdomen with inhuman efforts. Her mind was being solely blanked, she couldn’t think of anything else besides prolonging her precious moments with that comfortable dryness of her panties.

Sick of staring at Orihime’s frantic pee dances and her tremendously fidgety movements, Tsunade-san ultimately came up with something, “Orihime-chan, you’re making me faint jiggling your body around like this, don’t think your stupid dances are sexy just because you have a nice body figure! Get back to your damn chair, and don’t you make purposely make it wet!”

The inconsiderate teacher even though that Orihime would spray some of her embarrassing yet enchanting urine on her own seat deliberately just to make her angry. Some of the mischievous boys at the back giggled covertly at Tsunade-san’s pride-slaying joke, gazes of the whole class were being focused on the despaired girl. Such a misfortune day for Orihime, she couldn’t help but to admit.

Let’s think positively, optimistic thoughts can mentally strengthen your bladder endurance! At the very least, Orihime could rub her butt against her seat, kick with her legs on the table or tap them on the floor now, far better than being punished to stand straightly. Orihime walked back bashfully, with her left hand covering her brilliantly blushed face.

Eventually, as Orihime changed her stance into sitting by bending her body, she could felt an abrupt jet of wetness inside her cotton panties. Fortunately she had been able to switch her position successfully, though she wasn’t sure was it that she had begun to lose control, or it was merely just sweat as a result of massive muscle tensing.

Few minutes right after she was seated, Orihime began to moan with a girly tone more and more rapidly. Facing this desperate, hopeless and painful condition, Orihime was being panicky like a mother who was going to lose her child. Tatsuki sympathetically looked at her best friend, figuring if she might be able to aid her in any possible ways.

“Tsunade-san, please let Orihime-chan go to the washroom,” the brave, tomboyish Tatsuki stood up and pleaded the devil woman, “you don’t want to see a mess in your classroom, don’t you?”

Tsunade-san thumped the teacher’s table with her biology text book furiously and said with an extremely mad gesture, “Tatsuki-chan, I had let you go for ‘assisting’ Orihime in the test, do you still want to find yourself some trouble?”

“Can’t you understand, my wise, kind-hearted and considerate Tsunade-san, it all happened because Orihime really need to use the toilet,” Tatsuki uttered sarcastically, without noticing that it would kill off Orihime’s glory even severely to speak like such in front of everyone. Somewhat, Orihime felt like digging a hole to hide herself as her friend argued with the teacher about her irresistible urge to use the bathroom.

“Sit down or you’ll have 2 weeks of detention, brave little Tatsuki-chan!”

Speechlessly, the athletic girls with flat breasts sat down. She realized that it would always be an utter defeat to argue with Tsunade-san, moreover she was in a bad mood today. Tatsuki knew how irritating and annoying Orihime was feeling with that exploding bladder of hers, because she had once, being very desperate in a sports day. Luckily though, she had made it to the restroom, barely.

“Hey Tsunade-san, why don’t you allow your students to go to the bathroom, was it stated in the rules?” Finally, Ishida who had been sitting quietly, observing things like a freaking maniac opened his mouth.

The Quincy boy pushed his glasses with his finger steadily and wasn’t at all bothered about standing up to speak. To know that the adorable girl he has been falling in love with was dying for a leak in the loo, he just couldn’t bear with standing aside selfishly.

“No no! How many times do I have to tell you guys? I don’t like you to interrupt my lesson by going to the bathroom for whatever reason, it’s very disrespectful!” Tsunade- san went on with her unacceptably inconsiderate and dumb theory again, “Furthermore, Orihime-chan had been doing lots of mistakes today.”

“Don’t try to be the prince and drag yourself into this, four-eyed,” Tsunade-san continued, she had been giving quite a lot of nicknames for her miserable students today.

The class had remained quiet again, more than half of the students were actually “observing” Orihime rather than paying attention to Tsunade-san’s biology lesson. The inquisitive boys and girls seemed to be somewhat interested in knowing Orihime’s end, making the poor C-cupped girl blushing even intensely.

“Psst… Orihime-chan, are you still okay?” Tatsuki-chan tried to overcome the sound of Orihime’s whimpers with her whisper, “I have an idea, I’ll get the teacher’s attention, and you run to the bathroom now, okay?”

Apparently Tatsuki was trying to help Orihime who was suffering an awfully unbearable bladder desperation. Normally Orihime would never do things that is against the rules like this, but this time she had no choice, she didn’t want to risk peeing herself like a little girl in front of her friends.

“Umm, o…okay,” Orihime responded as she swung her legs back and forth frantically, hardly even being able to talk in her condition. In due course, she lifted 1 of her legs out a little, readied to make a sudden mad dash to the bathroom without being noticed.

Would Tatsuki’s risky plan work? Could Orihime rescue her swollen bladder without making her panties wet?

Inoue Orihime’s Bathroom Desperation 7 – Small Light of Hopes

“I hope I can get away and go to pee with Tatsuki-chan’s plan,” Orihime shifted another legs to the side of her chair, prepared to rush to the place she urged so badly. At that time she was unable to cease her alluring legs from dancing noticeably every single second.

“Just be careful and act fast, Tsunade-san will be aware of it easily since we sit so closed together,” Tatsuki whispered softly to Orihime, who was bouncing her body steadily with her sweaty butt bumping rapidly on her seat.

“O…okay,” Orihime replied as she thrust her hands onto the place right between both of her thighs forcefully. In reality, the bursting girl was worried about whether her best friend’s treacherous plan of distracting the teacher’s attention would succeed. However she didn’t have the opportunity to choose now, unless she wanted to squeeze, wiggle and tremble along with her bursting bladder for the entire 42 minutes.

Swiftly, Tatsuki raised her hand and stood up, a frictional sound of her chair could be heard over the silence, “Tsunade-san, I would like to ask, how could the white blood cells react themselves?”

Pointing at the whiteboard full of human body’s cells pictures, the flat breasted girl hoped that her silly question was able to affect Tsunade-san’s awareness, somehow. Abruptly, Orihime, with the overloaded water balloon inside her lower tummy attempted to sneak out from the classroom through the back door.

Orihime’s action was a little fickly, probably due to her doubtful mind, or maybe the painful pressure from her bladder, decreasing her chance of succession. Nevertheless she continued to half-crawl clumsily and furtively towards the back door, hoping that she could reach the bathroom without being noticed.

“Just a few steps more, I must act fast!” Orihime squatted and hid behind 1 of the student’s chair at the back of the class, and a few steps ahead it’s the back door! She was being utterly ashamed as a few prying classmates stared at the sneaky girl, but she couldn’t care much.

The reluctant girl checked the situation at the front secretly as she was still keeping herself hidden. She was still swinging herself frequently, maybe the squatting stance was especially uncomfortable for a girl with an exploding bladder. Fortunately for some reason, Tsunade-san seemed to be interested in Tatsuki’s bizarre questions.

Orihime raised her body up a little and dashed forward simultaneously, with her right hand holding her lower abdomen and her left hand covering her lovely crotch. That moment was unbelievably thrilling, all that was in the miserable girl’s mind was getting to the bathroom to ease that exasperated discomfort, until…

“STOP RIGHT THERE, Orihime-chan!” Tsunade-san enraged and yelled furiously as she punched the teacher’s table with her rigidly clenched fist. The whole class quietens immediately, not even a whisper or an inhaling sound could be heard. Everybody was pointing their eyeballs at Orihime, who was grabbing her vagina firmly with both of her hands, inside and underneath her grey skirt!

Deeply embarrassed and frightened, Orihime ran back to her seat quickly after ceasing her hands from pressing her cotton panties through the bottom. As she jogged back, tears of shamefulness and irritation shed out involuntarily and dribbled on the floor.

Flopped onto her chair tremblingly, Orihime’s reddening face turned all teary as her sobs became stronger and stronger. It was so friggin’ embarrassing, being caught by the teacher while sneaking to the bathroom just because she couldn’t wait until the recess to empty her exhausted bladder.

Eventually, Orihime tried her best to stop herself from crying loudly and visibly like an immature girl. On top of that, tried her greatest to ignore all the gazes, all the giggles she could hear over her own sobbing. Most importantly though, was the nearly impossible attempt to endure the flaming desire to urinate.

“Where did you think you are going Orihime-chan?” Tsunade glared at the poor girl with that outrageous gesture again as she added, “you actually dared to get out of the class secretly without permission in my lesson?”

“S…sorry, Tsunade-san, I…I just really have to… use the bathroom,” Orihime didn’t want to mention this again after being completely humiliated in the class, but the sudden urge of releasing from her bladder had forced her to do so. Orihime almost wet her panties at that time, not to mention the fear she was dealing with.

“What on earth is wrong with you today?” Tsunade-san questioned grumpily, “I had enough of your disobedient act!” The desperate girl startled in fright, finally realizing what it felt to be despair.

“Until now still don’t you understand, Tsunade-san?” Tatsuki stood up all of sudden and said justifiably, “Orihime was doing things wrongly today, because her bladder was going full all the time, just let her go and everything will be okay.”

“I don’t want to go on with this bathroom issue again!” pointing her fingers at Tatsuki, Tsunade spoke angrily, “your good friend is 15 and she can hold it Tatsuki-chan, moreover if she didn’t behave like this I would have let her go, so, she certainly WILL NOT go now!” Tatsuki had no idea but to sit down with an unsatisfying expression on her face.

Rocking her body back and forth frantically, Orihime groaned helplessly and pushed her vagina with her left hand again. The going-to-wet girl’s face had reddened brilliantly due to the humiliation she was afflicted by, the muscles on her thighs and lower tummy had gone very tired after clenching themselves to support that bursting bladder of hers for so long.

“Tsunade-san, this is just so unacceptable,” unexpectedly Ishida raised his body up and uttered, hoping that he could help the girl he loves by convincing Tsunade-san, “your student is having an emergency here and you won’t let her use the bathroom? This seems to be abusive.” The handsome Quincy tried to be gentle and persuasive at the same time, knowing how headstrong his teacher was.

“You, again?” Tsunade-san seemed to be terribly annoyed by Tatsuki and Ishida’s reckless attempts, “what’s wrong with you guys? Do you all need to go to the bathroom so badly too? Then everybody just runs to the bathroom, no more lessons!” The bad- tempered discipline teacher of Karakura High School actually thought that what she said made sense, unluckily.

“E…enough, guys, I can j…just wait, forget… it,” Orihime’s voice was greatly submerged with her sobs, making it kinda difficult to listen to. The poor girl did not want to drag her friends into her own dilemma, furthermore having 2 buddies to argue with the teacher for the bathroom and her overtired bladder in front of the class was seriously embarrassing.

“Very well class, I hope I can continue the Biology lesson now!” Tsunade-san widened her eyes as she flipped the pages on her text book.

Time was passing by slowly as Orihime was wiggling her body desperately, tapping her legs wildly, biting her lips, hurting her hands with her fingernails and sometimes pressing her crotch inside her firmly clamped legs tightly with all her strength, trying all the possible, unsightly movements to extend the sweet moments with the dryness of her panties.

Her bladder was very very painful and the intense pressure that was pushing onto her urethra was simply unbearable. However, in order to regain a small bit of pride as a dignified student, she strived to stop every single drip of pee from leaking out with all her efforts and willpower, it surely wasn’t an easy task. The despaired girl was feeling so vulnerable and helpless, praying that the teacher wouldn’t call her to do anything, hoping that nothing would bump onto her body. She couldn’t do, or even think about anything besides holding the massive urine inside her bladder at that time.

“Alright this is how the cell works, next we look at page…” no matter how powerful Tsunade-san’s voice was, nothing was going to overcome Orihime’s absentmindedness. The poor girl had stopped crying that obviously, but was still slightly sobbing.

By and by, Orihime whimpered again and again in a girly sound like a 7 year-old little girl who is being bullied while she had started to use both of her hands thrusting on her enchanting crotch. She was almost unable to jot down the notes Tsunade-san had given, but she tried her best to lift 1 of her hands up to write. Of course, she couldn’t at all stop looking at her watch again and again, dying for the recess time so that she could get rid of the overloading liquid in her bladder.

“Oh just 18 minutes more, please let me make it, I must do it, I will not wet myself here!” Surprisingly the time slipped through and Orihime was still managed to hold it, but barely. The more she thought about how near the recess was, the more she got anxious and the harder it was to endure the intense desperation to urinate.

The trembling girl tried her greatest not to get excited, so that she wouldn’t lose control and make a shameful, wettish mess in the classroom. Suddenly however, a small spurt of urine was sprinkled out of her urethra and drenching her cotton panties, forming a tiny, darker patch on it.

Closing her tearful eyes together, Orihime got totally freaked out and moaned loudly all of sudden after she realized that she was beginning to lose control over her overstretched bladder. Fortunately she was able to cease more from flowing out, but the little wetness on her panties was raging her burning urge to pee even furiously.

Tatsuki and Ishida both stared at Orihime worriedly and sympathetically, though felt guilty for not being able to help her out from her pride-killing dilemma. They could hear Orihime’s whimpers and her strong inhalation, her signs and movements of pee holding were apparently noticeable to everyone, not including the ignorant teacher perhaps.

“Ah 15 minutes longer, I can’t give up now!” Despite of knowing how relieved it would be to just let everything go inside her panties (sadly, of course it would dribbled onto her skirt, her socks, her shoes, her seat and the classroom floor as well), she pumped all her inhuman efforts to resist her extreme desire to pee in cascades humiliatingly.

Would our poor Omorashi girl, the Hime have a “happily ever after” good ending, where she sprays all the long-stored liquid into the toilet peacefully?

Inoue Orihime’s Bathroom Desperation 8 – The Unforgettable Relief

Although there was only 15 minutes more to the long-waited recess, where Orihime, our poor desperate girl was able to relieve herself comfortably, her swollen bladder felt like it had reached its very limit. Orihime moaned and continued to shed tears hopelessly like no tomorrow, as half of the class was paying attention to her instead of Tsunade-san.

Orihime shifted her legs and changed her sitting pose again and again, making it obvious even for a baby to know that she was at the verge of wetting herself. Despite being shamefully stared at, the adorable girl never ceased using all the pee holding patterns possible to stop herself from squirting bodily waste onto the floor.

Abruptly, Orihime gasped as she shoved her groin forcefully, everyone could witness her eyes-catching bounces. Her overfilled bladder felt like a water balloon that was going to burst anytime, she wasn’t sure which sitting position could ease the pain and support the pressure anymore.

“Ah…ah…” Orihime groaned as she was shaking her body back and forth frantically. Ishida and Tatsuki were able to hear her miserable, painful groans. Desperately wanted to drag the girl out of the hell of bladder torture, they couldn’t do anything either.

“Stop… no!” suddenly, another jet of pee, stronger and wetter than the first one leaked out uncontrollably from her pee hole. Orihime was in a total shock as she tapped her legs on the floor up and down crazily, with her hands still grabbing tightly on her wettish vagina. It was a second time her tiring bladder got out of control, Orihime was totally freaked out!

Consequently, a larger wet patch was coupled with the previous urine spot on her panties, making her white cotton panties look rather watery and messy. A few small drips of urine stained on her left hand, the schoolgirl panicked and wiped them on her socks clumsily.

Losing controls in tiny amount might have seemed to help Orihime on extending her bladder capacity. Nevertheless, somehow, the warm and wet sensation on her panties had made her desired to pee even more, more than any teacher can ever imagine.

“Orihime-chan, stop acting like you need to use the bathroom like a baby girl and copy down my notes!” Tsunade whacked the teary girl’s table furiously as she tried not to lose bladder control over the fright.

Orihime nodded powerlessly as more tears flowed down along her reddening cheek. The desperate girl was trembling, not in fear but due to all the strength focused on holding her pee pee.

“Still crying? Stop crying, you’re disturbing my class!” Tsunade-san wasn’t exactly annoyed by Orihime’s sobs, she probably was prejudiced to Orihime just because of jealousy, since Orihime is a lot prettier.

Before Tsunade-san walked back to the whiteboard to continue her so-called important lesson, Orihime pressed her crotch with her right hand, covered the bottom part of her butt with her left hand as she stood up simultaneously. She couldn’t stop jiggling her body up and down for now.

“Tsunade-san, I can’t wait anymore, please let me go… to the bathroom,” Orihime paused and sobbed, “I NEED TO PEE!” Orihime knew that it was simply catching the moon in the urine puddle to ask Tsunade for toilet permission again, however the sudden unstoppable urge from her bladder had forced her to do so.

Tatsuki and Ishida were deeply stunned by what happened in front of them, Orihime saying so loudly that she had to pee in front of the class, worrying that she had already met her limit. Some of the fellow classmates were giggling inconsiderately while some were guessing if the poor girl would make it to the loo among themselves.

“Again Orihime, no!” Tsunade-san yelled angrily as if she had gotten irritated by the same pleads. “You’re too disobedient today so you cannot go to the toilet, I know you can hold it!”

Meanwhile, Ishida was ceasing his urge of beating the intolerable and jerky teacher up. Orihime inhaled sobbingly as she sat down with her teary blushing face, being denied to use the bathroom again and again, suffering anguish and despair painfully.

Minutes went by as Orihime continued to wiggle her lower abdomen, tremble her body, rock her beautiful ass and dance her sexy legs, doing everything she can think of to prolong the dryness of her chair and protecting the little dignity remained. The muscles of her bladder and parts around were seriously exhausted, they felt like giving up anytime and spurting cascades of urine out to everything around. All Orihime could rely on was the willpower lied deep inside her mind, supported by the inhuman efforts she had given.

“A minute more left! I have to go to the toilet before that happens, I must wait… just wait, ah, I want toilet!” Orihime had regained some confident after realizing that there was just a minute and 20 seconds left. Still, this wonderful realization didn’t halt to excite her exploding bladder, stimulating her burning desire to urinate. Orihime squeezed her muscle and bent her body forward, sticking her head on the table as she ease her yearn to piss.

“Orihime-chan, stay here before you go recess, I need to deal with your science project and your discipline problem today!” It was doubtlessly easy for Tsunade-san to split these words out in an angry gesture, though it was an undeniable fact that, it was harder than defeating Aizen for Orihime to accept what she had heard!

“But…I…I,” Orihime felt too vulnerable to argue with Tsunade-san, moreover she had to focus on keeping her pee stored safely inside her overstretched bladder. Eventually, she did nothing but clamping her legs together and swinging them left and right, squirming her butt madly around her sweaty seat.

Ring, ring, ring… Ultimately the bell rang, it was suppose to be the most brilliant sound Orihime had ever heard, but now she was ordered to stay in the class and being lecture before she could run into the toilet, remove her panties, squat and urinate.

Gladly, most of the students headed towards the cafeteria, leaving Orihime less embarrassed. Well of course, Tatsuki and Ishida remained inside the classroom, unwillingly to go anywhere before ensuring that their friend was safe.

“Come here Orihime, look at what have you done!” Tsunade-san who was sitting on her chair pointed on Orihime’s Biology folio. Orihime was compelled to stand in front of the teacher’s table to look at what her mistake. No matter what Tsunade-san said, Orihime could only pay attention on her intense desire to pee, or else she might create a messy huge puddle on the classroom floor.

Orihime couldn’t stop crossing and uncrossing her legs as she was standing, also she couldn’t stop her legs from tapping even for a second. After few minutes, Tsunade-san finally closed the folio as she had finished pointing out what the miserable girl did wrongly. Orihime thought she would be freed instantly, but her prediction was way to optimistic than the cruel reality…

“As for your discipline problem, just sweep the floor to clean before you leave, I’ll let you go for everything you did today, including your attempt to leave the class and cheat in the test.” Tsunade-san stared at the sobbing girl and added.

Orihime thrust her hands on her crotch immediately as she finished listened to what Tsunade-san told her. She hopped as the hem of her grey schoolgirl skirt flapped around her thighs, almost revealing the medium wet patch on her cotton panties. At the same time, her enchantingly round, yummy boobs bounced in rhythm with her wiggles.

“Please… let me go to the toilet first, I’ll do whatever you ask when I come back,” Orihime begged as she uncrossed and bumped her thighs against each other rapidly to ease the powerful pressure pushing on her urethra.

“No, sweep the floor now!” Tsunade-san glared at the crying girl.

Without hesitating, Orihime rushed to pick 1 of the broom up, hoping that she could complete her task before she started spraying involuntarily. Hopelessly, Orihime gazed around the messy classroom floor full of small pieces of papers and dusts.

In due course, Orihime began sweeping the part near the teacher’s table. She couldn’t stop dancing her legs and wiggling her body frantically. She felt like having a huge stone stuck inside her bladder, it was painful, it was screaming for an immediate relief!

Without getting Tsunade-san’s approval, Tatsuki and Ishida assisted her on sweeping the back of the classroom. Luckily and unexpectedly, Tsunade-san didn’t say a word. As Orihime was sweeping the floor nervously, a blue bucket at the edge of the classroom caught her attention. Somehow she had the idea of peeing into the cylindrical bucket if she started to lose control, but then realized that it was an idiotic and inconvenient.

All of sudden, Orihime sensed another unendurable urge of releasing, the overtired muscle of her overloading bladder was obviously giving up. She dashed to Tsunade-san desperately with the broomstick attached firmly on her vagina, to create some pressures to support her from losing control, from peeing herself embarrassingly. This action was so humiliating, sticking a broomstick tightly onto her crotch just because she couldn’t hold her pee any longer.

“Tsunade-san, I…I’m sorry, I can’t… please let me go toilet, please… plea…” Orihime couldn’t continue to appeal anymore as she cried like it’s the end of the world. The inquisitive students beside the class’s window, Tatsuki, Ishida and even the grumpy Tsunade-san could feel the heartfelt plead of poor Orihime, who was at the edge of peeing herself.

“Alright, go to the bathroom now, faster!” Tsunade-san finally allowed the leaking girl to use the restroom.

Briskly, Orihime dropped the slightly pee-stained broom onto the floor and readied to make a mad rush to the nearest ladies’ washroom. The poor girl wasn’t able to run to fast though, because the pressure might lead her to losing control over her going-to-burst bladder. Everybody around was looking at her, wondering if she could make it in time.

As the blushing girl succeeded on leaving the classroom’s door by a few steps, she paused suddenly and bent her body forward with her knees moving back and forth continuously. She then squatted down steadily and whimpered hopelessly. Tatsuki came, aided her by trying to lift her up and walk her to the toilet.

“C’mon Orihime-chan, you can do it, believe yourself!” Tatsuki tried to convince her not to give up, even though Tatsuki herself know that it was quite impossible, “just stand up and I can help you to get to the bathroom, trust me!” As she was holding Orihime’s frozen hands, Tatsuki could felt her tremble and her despair.

Orihime strived to stand up from her squatting position with Tatsuki’s assistance. She was able to stand without peeing herself, but barely. The long-stored urine in her bladder pushed mercilessly on her urethra, trying to oppose her mind manipulation and squeeze out.

As soon as Orihime made the first step, warm and fresh urine gushed out from her vagina and flowed along her shaky legs as more and more little pee streams were formed. The pee bursting out unstoppably had flooded her cotton panties rather quickly. Orihime didn’t give up and attempted to make a few steps more towards the bathroom, despite being in such a shocking state.

Her pee continued to jet down uncontrollably as she walked, forming a brilliant urine line under wherever she passed by. She then moaned and kneeled on the floor helplessly, but her pee could never stop spurting powerfully, with a tiny hissing sound. Covering her face without caring if urine would stained on it and cry over the worst humiliation she had ever gone through, the poor girl felt like it took forever to finish peeing herself.

The puddle under her knees was still spreading, growing frantically like her humiliation. As the pee puddle got bigger and bigger, Orihime’s reddened face got brighter and brighter. It was so embarrassing, yet it was the best relief she had ever felt. The crystal- cleared urine squirted and sprinkled endlessly and her hands, her legs, her skirt, her socks, her shoes, and especially her panties were all badly drenched. The massive pee was still escaping from her lethargic bladder to her panties and the floor hopelessly…

After some time Orihime had finally finished on emptying her bladder, in a child-liked and shameful way. She stared on her own puddle absentmindedly with her teary eyes, unable to believe what happened to her.

The beautiful, glorious schoolgirl of Karakura high school had peed herself accidentally in front of her friends, classmates and students who passed by. She knew that, no doubt it wouldn’t take long before the whole school knows about her panties wetting experience!

Everybody around was staring at Orihime, the urine line behind her and the self-made huge pee puddle under her knees. The bashful girl was still sobbing, as tears flowed along her smooth face and dribbled onto her puddle. This is probably what we call “small wet on the top, big damp on the bottom.”

“Orihime-chan, it’s okay,” Tatsuki held Orihime into her arm and consoled the tearful girl, “it’s just an accident, nobody will remember it, and just be okay…”

“Whoever laughs at you, I’ll beat that person up, I promise!” Tatsuki added, tried her best to bring the cheerful Orihime back, “so you promise me too, you will not cry over this petty thing again.”

Ishida silently hoped that he was doing Tatsuki’s job, but he was too shy to comfort the person he loved, who had just wet herself. He stood beside the classroom door, feeling relieved that Orihime has such best friend who is always there for her.

Orihime felt extremely irritated kneeling with her pee soaked panties, the drenched feeling, especially on her crotch was simply icky. The sticky wetness was like gluing her lovely vagina and the pubic furs around with her drenched cotton panties. However, she felt better having a best friend like Tatsuki to raise her spirit up at this moment, she wished for nothing more.

In due course, Tatsuki helped Orihime on all the changing and cleaning up stuffs by sacrificing her own recess time. She didn’t take her lunch, but that didn’t matter for the sake of her friend. If she wasn’t there for Orihime, who would? In spite of the humiliation she suffered, Orihime felt warm and happy for having a helpful friend like Tatsuki.

Tatsuki spent the rest of the periods after recess consoling Orihime and stopping those naughty classmates from teasing the poor girl. She herself didn’t go to the bathroom during recess or excused herself during lessons, she briefly thought that it wasn’t worth paying attention to, until she felt the slight urge to pee came, a small part of her mind worrying that the same thing might happen to her…

Now that Orihime recalled, she was quite incredible, maybe her bladder was just as big as her adorable boobies. Holding her morning pee and the green tea she had in the morning for more than 3hours and 25 minutes, no wonder she peed herself and the corridor so much!

