Roxy - Friend Turned Family

Author: Daredare205

*013*2023-01-29 21:07

Part 12!

With her cheeks still flushed and her need taken care of, Daisy put effort into once again entering Level Four. Didn't take long for her to find Roxy and telepath a request to link up with her again.

Jeez, they're already over five miles away! It's only been like two minutes at most! Thought Daisy, waiting for a response from Roxy. Given the distance, it'll probably be a moment before she respon---

"Yeah, that's cool. I'll give you a little bit of a boost so you can catch back up with the rest of us." Replied Roxy, not realizing the true extent of her powers...

"Awesome! Be up there with you in a few!" Telepathed Daisy, continuing to calm down while she waited for the energy to start flowing again.

A gentle breeze found Daisy and twirled around her, causing her ears and tail to twitch in response. A familiar feeling, the link was being reestablished, although it seemed to take a little longer this time.

Maybe it took this long the first time and I didn't notice? After all, I didn't even know it'd happened until Stella figured it out.

With that, the wind shifted. Daisy once again felt her abilities sharpen and her strength seemed like it was doubled, maybe even tripled...

Daisy knelt down, arched her back and wrapped her tail around her legs. The wind continued to swirl around her as she prepared for her leap. With a powerful kick from both legs and a springing motion as her back straightened back out, she'd found herself in the upper branches almost instantly!

Holy ****! Just what kind of boost did she give me?! Thought Daisy, allowing herself to fall about twenty feet and kicking off one of the tree trunks to once again get moving.

The wind came with her as she kicked off, as if it was carrying her ahead.

Well this is new... Might as well make use of it while it lasts... Thought Daisy, unleashing one powerful kick after another as she leaped from tree to tree, easily skipping 30-40 trees between leaps.

Even at this great speed, the wind continued to caress Daisy as she quickly gained on the trio ahead of her! For brief moments, she swore she could see the curls of the flow around her...

That's it! She's figured out a way to carry me! Realized Daisy, ecstatic about the whole situation! She could use her abilities to their fullest and not have to worry about any of the ramifications!

If only it was the same for Roxy at the head of the charge...

With a powerful kick, Roxy leapt another 100 or so trees before continuing her combo with another set of powerful leaps over great distance! The wind over her ears and tail felt amazing! Her hair streaked behind her, her aura being torn away by the wind and leaving a sort of glowing trail behind her, and the glow of her hair only got brighter!

Man this feels amazing! We should do this more often! Thought Roxy, not realizing she just telepathed that thought to the trio behind her...

"We definitely should!" Replied Stella, experiencing the same sensations as the wind swirled around her and her hair blew about behind her!

"For sure!" Replied Daisy and Kelsey, both entranced by the wonderful sensations that'd come over them!

Everyone was having such a great time and engrossed in the moment that none of them realized that poor Roxy was nearing the limit of her control over this new ability... After all, it was her first time using it.

Again raising her pace, Roxy landed another leap and kicked off at over 180mph! The sensation of speed was almost overwhelming, but she couldn't stop now, everyone was having so much fun!

That was the straw that broke the camel's back... At over 180mph, the wind tore Roxy's aura completely off of her. No longer attached to her, the flow of energy her aura had been providing suddenly stopped! She lost telepathic contact with the other three, who hadn't managed to get up over 100mph and were over three miles behind.

SHIT SHIT SHIT WHAT DO I DO?!!!!! Thought Roxy, her Level Four abilities completely overwhelmed at the sheer speed she was currently flying above the trees. Everything became a blur, her eyes couldn't pick out the branches, her nose couldn't get a solid scent of a safe spot to land, and she was flying so quickly that the energy around her went past too fast for her to read it!

Quick! Somewhere, ANYWHERE! LAND DAMNIT!!! Thought Roxy, unable to find a good branch or canopy to catch her fall...

Then it happened... She slipped out of Level Four completely. Now back in Level Three, pure panic took over! She couldn't sense the energy around her, everything was going by so fast it was just a blur!

All she could do was cover her face with her arms and extend her legs out in hopes of at least somewhat breaking her fall.

Making high speed contact with a hefty branch under her, the outer layers of the pad on her right foot tore open! Unable to steady herself, she simply bounced off the branch... The impact had thrown her terribly off balance and she tumbled down to the next set of branches. Again only grazing off one and sustaining a hefty bruise to the right side of her ribcage, Roxy was set spinning as she continued to fall! It wouldn't be so bad if she was just falling, but she was still moving forward forward at over 150mph!

Existential terror took over as she simply screamed! Tears formed, immediately being ripped off her face by the wind! Her tail and legs flailed, frantically trying to stop the spin! No use! Even if she could stop the spin, she was heading right for a large tree trunk at over 150mph!

Roxy couldn't see what was coming up... A blur of greens, blues and browns flashed before her eyes as she continued flailing about! Anything to try to stop the spin!

Before she could do anything about anything, a terrible pain wracked through her entire body! She let out a horrid shriek as she fainted, tumbling with limbs flailing on her way to a hard crash landing!

The ground under her was cold and unforgiving... Landing at nearly 60mph forward on top of the top of the fall, she simply bounced off and continued tumbling! Finally landing for a second time, she was sent into an even more frantic spin as she tumbled along the ground before SLAMMING into a tree trunk at over 40mph! If there were any onlookers, they would've seen a ragdoll being thrown across the ground and nearly snapping in half as it slammed back first against the base of a hefty tree! Bouncing off the tree, a lifeless Roxy fell to the ground.

The pads on her paws were torn and shredded, her entire body was covered deep cuts and bruises, and her legs and arms were sitting in directions that they're not supposed to bend!

Huh? Is that me? Roxy said, staring through her translucent hands at the body on the ground... Man, that really couldn't have gone much worse! I got pushed right out of my body, and I don't sense myself here! How can I heal myself if I can't even sense myself?!

The trio behind her landed in one big group with only Daisy suffering a slightly rough landing. Still in Level Four, her scrapes disappeared in just a few seconds.

One after another, they telepathed to Roxy. No use, the connection just wasn't there...

"We need to keep moving and find Roxy! I hope she's okay!" Said Stella using her voice, finding herself unable to telepath at all.

"Me too! I've completely lost sense of her." Replied a concerned Daisy, a look of worry taking over her expression.

"I'm sure she's fine. The girl's a living miracle after all." Said Kelsey, raising morale and leading the charge in the direction where they'd last sensed Roxy.

Sprinting through the woods, the trio stayed to the ground. They leapt from one tree base to another, just like Roxy did back when Damien first found her. They kept this up for several minutes, finally making it one mile.

Their hands and feet ached, lungs burned, and their muscles were close to being completely out of energy. Still, they pressed on. They had a woman down, there was no way they were just gonna leave Roxy out there wherever she was!

How can I heal myself if I can't even sense myself?! This phrase pierced through Stella's mind like a missile, causing her to stop in her tracks! Daisy and Kelsey stopped too, taking the moment to catch their breath while they checked on Stella who was just standing there with her eyes closed taking quick deep breaths as her body struggled to recover any stamina at all. Poor thing had pushed herself so hard she could barely breath!

Suddenly, Stella felt a hand on her shoulder. "Hey. You okay?" Asked Kelsey, a look of genuine concern on her face. Everyone else had slowed their breathing, started recovering stamina, but not Stella... She was breathing so hard it almost sounded like she was putting voice into it!

"I heard Roxy. I think she's hurt." Said Stella with a weak voice, barely able to speak in her overwhelmed state. "She's about half a mile north. I felt her force a connection, just for a second, then it was gone again.."

"Okay. I'll go check on her. I've seen her flame personally, so I should be able to help. Daisy, you stay here. Stella's just too weak to be left alone right now." Said Kelsey, disappearing into the woods as she rushed to where Roxy lay.

What's that? A second sun?! Thought Kelsey, noticing a glow over the trees. It radiated warmth and compassion and somehow felt familiar. Getting closer, Kelsey could feel a surging power within it. It's like a beating heart! She thought.

Without even thinking, Stella had raised an arm towards the sky in an effort to 'reach out' (for lack of a better term) to the entity that'd been separated from Roxy.

"Hey, don't move around yet. Just focus on catching your breath." Said Daisy, doing her best to help Stella calm down and regain some strength. Poor Stella was so exhausted she still hadn't managed to open her eyes!

"I'm okay, really. Go tell Kelsey I found Roxy's essence. It's above the trees, about halfway between us and Roxy. There's a patch of tall oak trees right next to it." Said Stella in a slightly better sounding voice. Seems like she was getting some strength back!

"I'm not leaving you here! Come on, just get yourself calmed down." Said Daisy, hugging Stella and pulling her close to her chest. In that moment, Stella felt Daisy's essence flow through her! She managed to telepath a feeling to Daisy!

"You think so? Just be careful." Said Daisy, still holding Stella in a mighty strong hug!

Stella started a sort of loop, her energy flowing through Daisy and vice versa! The leaves around them rustled ever so slightly, and then she had it!

"I see her! She's just laying there! She's hurt real bad!" Said Stella, attempting to connect with Roxy. No use, she couldn't sense Roxy's consciousness. "I can't connect with her." Whimpered a sobbing Stella, tears starting to run down her face...

"It's okay. See if you can connect with Kelsey instead. Tell her what you found.

The sky! Go to the sky! The oak trees will lead the way!... The sky! Go to the sky! The oak trees will lead the way!... The sky! Go to the sky! The oak trees will lead the way! This sensation had been burned into Kelsey's mind, leading her to search for nearby oak trees. She found a patch of oak trees and looked up.

THAT'S IT! I knew this glow felt familiar! Thought Kelsey, climbing the oaks and reaching out towards the glow above her. Her hand simply moved through it, as if it wasn't actually there...

A shiver ran up Roxy's spine, the fur on her paws stood on end, and her ears twitched in response to this sensation! Someone forced a connection! They didn't say anything, but they definitely connected!

"Hey! I'm down here!" Shouted Roxy, a feeling of hope finally lifting her spirits! A familiar warmth began to envelop her! Her aura was starting to regenerate!

Hey! I'm down here! Echoed Kelsey's mind... She looked down, but there was nothing there.

"Guess this is to be expected. Can't always make sense of everything. Especially now that we're telepathic." Said Kelsey, unsure if she was speaking to anyone or just talking to herself. Well, it's worth another try... She reached out and put her hand in the glowing aura in the sky once again!

Stay there! I'm coming to you! Once again echoed in Kelsey's mind... Looking down, she could see leaves moving along the ground, almost as if an invisible person was running along the forest floor!

Grabbing onto the tree to climb to the top, Roxy noticed that her essence had no weight to it. It took no effort at all to climb the tree! Seems I really have been separated from my body...

Reaching the top of the oak tree, Roxy reached out and took hold of her aura!

The wind roared and the forest trembled! Her aura once again wrapped itself around her!

The glow wrapped itself around Roxy, but did not make her essence visible. This glowing outline simply climbed back down the tree and began running north!

With no other ideas on what to do, Kelsey followed the glow through the forest. Within a few hundred feet, the path became more and more difficult... Broken branches everywhere, a 600 foot tree shattered at the halfway point, and what was left of the big tree's trunk had fallen and was blocking the path. Jumping over it, Kelsey spotted the clearings in the leaves! They were filled with Roxy's scent!

Following the scent mixed in with the leaves, Kelsey once again found the glowing figure. It was standing next to a body on the ground. She saw it reach out and touch Roxy's body, only for the aura to disappear completely...

Kelsey rushed over to Roxy! Tears streamed down her face as she took in the sight in front of her! Mangled and torn up, barely still in one piece, lied what was left of her mentor! She sensed a very weak presence, but there was no flow of energy.

Kelsey broke down, reduced to screaming and crying! She pounded the forest floor, her tears forming small puddles as she ran out of screams to let out!

Stella also felt this presence. She knew Roxy was there. She didn't know exactly what injuries Roxy had sustained, but she knew she was terribly hurt. "Daisy, you can let go of me now. Kelsey found her, and so have I."

"That's great! How is she?" Answered a hopeful Daisy!

"She's..." Stella couldn't bring herself to say it. Couldn't tell Daisy that Roxy was dying! How to word this.... "Her presence is very faint... Her energy is there, but it's not flowing." Said Stella, looking up at Daisy... Her face showed the amount of effort it took to keep herself from crying.

"We need to get moving. There's gotta be a way we can help her." Answered Daisy, trying her best to keep from crying as well. "Do you need me to carry you?"

"No, I'm okay." Answered Stella, slowly standing up. Taking a step away from Daisy, the loop between their energies broke and they both swayed for a sec before once again steadying their stance.

The two began running towards where Stella sensed Roxy, only to arrive and find Kelsey crying on the ground next to an unconscious Roxy...

"She, she can't be!" Cried Daisy, tears running down her cheeks as she collapsed into a sobbing heap on the forest floor!

Stella just about did the same thing, before she heard something... A cry for help...

A presence reached out of Roxy as she lay on the ground... It enveloped Stella as time seemed to pause for the whole world except them... Stella got pulled into a white void, nothing for miles except for a little girl picking up broken pieces and putting them back together... Like Legos, but much more complex.

"What are you building?" Asked Stella, unaware she was talking to the projection of Montorus himself!

"I'm fixing this. It's broken, shattered into tiny pieces. Would you like to give me a hand?"

"Of course. What are we fixing?"

"We're fixing Roxella. Poor thing took such a hard hit it shattered her."

"Wait... You're not Roxy?"

"No, I'm Montorus. It's a pleasure to meet you again!"

"Again?"

"Remember, you met me when Roxella finished meditating on the mansion? When she first fused with me?"

"Yeah, but this is my first time seeing you. To be honest, I figured you'd look more monstrous..."

"Well, this is me. Now are you going to give me a hand or not?"

"Of course! What should I do?"

"Just follow my lead."

"O-okay...."

With that, Stella and Montorus spent what felt like days putting Roxy back together, one piece at a time... Once back together, all it needed was a light.

"Place your hand here and let your energy flow into her. That's all it should take to get her flame going once again."

"Okay." Said Stella, placing a hand on the large orb the two had reconstructed... She poured her spirit into it before being blown back by the roar of a million suns bursting back to life!

Stella woke up on the ground, Daisy and Kelsey shaking her and yelling to wake up...

"I'm up! Stop shaking me!" Yelled Stella, realizing she'd slipped back down to Level Three...

"Oh thank goodness! You were out for over an hour!" Cried Daisy, once again pulling her sister into a huge hug!

"Was it a dream..." Stella said to herself...

"Was what a dream?" Asked Kelsey.

"I saw Montorus. We were putting Roxy back together, one piece at a time like a giant toy set!"

"Are you sure it was him? A tall, slender man with such a potent energy it feels like it's smothering you?" Asked Kelsey.

"I'M SURE!" Said Stella, looking over to see Roxy still lying on the ground. Her cuts had began to close and her breathing seemed normal...

"Should we tell her?" Asked a worried Kelsey, looking to Daisy for confirmation.

"Of course! She deserves to know the truth!" Responded Daisy. No need to hold back tears anymore, she'd long since run out...

"Stella. Listen. I don't know what you saw, but I know what we've seen over the last hour. Take a look at Roxy. She's recovering, just like she always does. We straightened her out so her bones were in the right places, and sure enough, they've joined back together, but..." Kelsey couldn't continue... A lump formed in her throat and she just couldn't speak. If she had any tears left, she'd be crying profusely right now!

"Roxy's lost her animalization. Her flame's gone out, and her features have disappeared as well. Take a look for yourself." Said Daisy, stumbling over her words as she had to force them out...

"NOT TRUE! LOOK!" Screamed Stella, pointing to the damaged pads on Roxy's paws! Roxy's ears were torn and laying down, but they were definitely still there! Her tail was there too, although it seemed like it was missing some fur...

"Stella, there's nothing you can do abou----" Kelsey simply froze when she saw it. Stella was right! Her features had reappeared! She didn't know what to do! For the first time in her life, she was so happy she couldn't contain herself!

Daisy just looked at Roxy, dumbfounded... "I'm sure those weren't there earlier. What on earth is going on here?"

"Maybe, since what was left of her was focused on me, it wasn't focused on her features?" Said Stella, confused as to what was going on. There's no way Daisy and Kelsey were faking, they were just too surprised to see Roxy back to her usual appearance! Well, almost. She was still covered in cuts and bruises, but at least they were healing. Some of the deeper wounds were healing so quickly that you could see it closing up!

Roxy's ears moved just a wee bit... Resting about halfway between lying down and standing up... The trio simply stared as they waited to see if she was about to wake up!

BUM BUM, BUM BUM! A pulsing, swirling energy moved around them! The wind carried leaves with it as it swirled around Roxy before once again dispersing... What was now lying there was the tall version of Roxy that they'd gotten used to after she'd fused with Montorus!

"Is she?... Waking up?" Asked Kelsey, staring at Roxy as she lay there...

"I can feel her energy again! Any moment now, she should be back with us!" Yelled a joyous Stella, overcome with feelings of joy and relief!

As soon as Stella said this, Roxy slowly began to open her eyes. Those beautiful green eyes! They were open again! It seemed to take a moment for them to adjust, and Roxy still didn't move or say anything...

Tap, tap... Stella gently poked Roxy's cheek... "Come on, say something! Tell me you're okay!"

A very weak voice spoke gently... "I'm up, I'm up. No need to yell." Roxy immediately noticed a powerful need... Her bladder was bulging out of her stomach! Over ten hours of boiling hot piss wanted out RIGHT NOW! She knew she couldn't wait much longer, but she at least wanted to wait until she had the strength to sit up and hide behind a tree or some bushes... C'mon body... Heal quickly! I gotta GO!

"Thank god! I thought we'd lost you!" Cried Daisy, nearly grabbing Roxy and hugging her before realizing what that would do to her wounds!

"Here, let me help you." Said Stella, placing her hand on Roxy's stomach and closing her eyes... A gentle breeze blew by as Roxy began to look around. She instinctively locked eyes with Stella, as if drawn to them for some reason... For a moment, she completely forgot about her desperation...

"When did you learn to do that?" Asked Roxy, her voice having more strength to it now. She took the opportunity to keep herself distracted, hoping it would lessen her need, even if just for the moment...

"Montorus taught me! He helped me put you back together!"

"YOU MET MONTORUS?!" Yelled Roxy, immediately feeling the repercussions of raising her voice with broken ribs! "Ow!" She yelled slightly less loudly... She nearly lost a spurt and had to put effort into not showing her desperation...

"Just take it slow. I'm trying to heal your ribs right now." Said Stella, pressing her hands into Roxy a little harder.

"Don't push! I can't! It's gonna!" Said Roxy, a look of real pain on her face! She'd never once before displayed her pain, so this definitely told Stella to cut it out.

"I'm sorry, I was only trying to help. Let me know if you need anything." Said Stella, pulling her hands off Roxy and stepping back a few paces...

Roxy attempted to raise her arm... It didn't really want to move right now. She tried the other one, and that only proved to be incredibly painful! She winced as a hot spurt shot out into her panties! It only lasted about half a second, but it was enough that her panties started to feel damp... She really couldn't stand it anymore! Her hips and thighs seemed to vibrate as she poured the little strength she had into containing her boiling flood!

"Stella, I need your help! Quickly!" Said Roxy, unable to move her arms and hands to get her pants down. Even if someone else did it for her, she needed them down right away! She felt another wave coming! Who knows if she'd be able to contain it...

"What do you need? Did I hurt you?!"

"I need you to help get my pants down! Right now! I can't hold it anymore!" Cried Roxy. On the edge of truly losing it, she could no longer hide her desperation.... Her potty dance face was on full display for everyone around her to see! Another hot spurt left her, this time lasting about a full second before finally stopping! She had no idea if she could stop the next one...

"Okay, hold on!" Yelled Stella, kneeling down beside Roxy.

"I really can't!!! HURRY UP!!!" Said a panicked Roxy, her desperation reaching critical levels! She was right! She was well beyond her max capacity! Those ten hours of piss wanted out RIGHT NOW! She swore her pussy was twitching as she put all her effort into containing her flood!

Stella finally got the button on Roxy's pants to let go... Her pants immediately burst open, exposing her humongous bladder bulge! The thing stuck out like a watermelon!

"I CAN'T!!!" Said Roxy again, barely managing to prevent the next spurt! Her hips and thighs shook more intensely than ever before as she neared the end of her holding capabilities!

Stella pulled at Roxy's pants, barely managed to lower them at all while she lie on the ground... She simply threw them off to the side... Finally, all that was left was the panties! They were so soaked that she wondered if it was even worth lowering them... Doesn't matter. Roxy wanted them off, so they were coming off!

"AH!" A cry escaped Roxy as her bladder protested harshly! "GET THEM OFF RIGHT NOW!" She hollered, not even caring about the pain from her ribs anymore! She winced as her bladder and her sphincter both truly hurt, burning red hot with pain!

"I'm trying!" Yelled Stella, pulling Roxy's panties down a couple inches before they got caught under Roxy's butt! "You gotta lift your butt off the ground or I can't get your panties down!"

"THEN HELP ME! LIFT ME UP! I CAN'T!!!" Yelled Roxy, a small dribble escaping into her already dampened panties!

Stella worked an arm under Roxy's lower back and lifted her up about half an inch... In one motion, she ripped Roxy's panties down! Her soaked pussy was on full display!

As Stella, pulled Roxy's panties the rest of the way off, it happened... A hot jet erupted from Roxy's burning lady bits! Shooting through the air like a rocket, it hit Stella right in the face!

Roxy put all her strength into stopping, but it was no use! She couldn't even slow it down! "I'M SORRY! I CAN'T STOP IT!!!!!" She yelled, her eyes fixed on poor Stella who stammered back a few steps out of the stream! She rubbed the pee away from her eyes and spit several times until her lips no longer tasted like boiling hot piss!

Roxy's stream flew through the air for over ten feet! It caught the glimmers of sunlight coming through the leaves and reflected golden speckles! Her entire body shook as it was finally being rid of this burden!

"I'M SO SORRY!!!!!!!!" Yelled a trembling Roxy, now profusely crying! Her stream continued for another two minutes before finally dying down!

"It's okay. I know you didn't mean it." Said Stella, picking up leaves and whatever she could find and wiping the pee off her face. Her eyes were red with irritation, the taste of urine still in her mouth and the smell still in her nose...

Everyone pitched in with the cleanup and the group rested for about an hour until Roxy had healed enough to walk normally...

The group unanimously decided to head back to the mansion. This time, they'd take it slow and careful.

Roxy didn't tell anyone, but she was gonna have such a good time tonight! Only question is, would it be in the shower, or in the bed?

Both. It would be both. She'd pleasure herself until she couldn't take any more!

End of part 12!

*014*2023-02-05 15:31

About a week ago, I wrote a story about Damien and Travis' omorashi themed adventures in the city without Roxy. I just now realized that I never linked it here. While I'm a bit late, I'd still love to present Elevated Relief!

Let me know what you think of it!

Also, while this isn't directly related to this story, I recently saw a beautiful girl wet herself while I was at work. I took the time to enjoy my high off of that experience and write it out in Omorashi Experiences, meaning that I'm just now beginning Part 13 of Roxy's story. Here's the real life story if you're interest: Beautiful Girl at the Visitor Restrooms
