(Spider-girl) The Perks of being a professional Wallflower - Page 2

Author: Nimbus

*026*2013-03-03 08:35

{{: 

Well that's where revising comes in. I subconciously follow a set of guide lines when it comes to run on sentences.

1) Where ever there's more then one "and", "or", "but", or "as" word, in the same sentence, it's a run on sentence.

2) If it has more then three commas and it's not a list, or it's lists within lists, I break it up into smaller sentences. For every comma, there could be a period, and for every period there could be a comma.

3) There's three sizes for non-run-on sentences, small, medium and large, which just basically have one, two, or three pieces of information, complete with detail and description, just like this sentence. Any more then that and I'd start breaking the sentence up.

4) The size of the sentences should be randomized for variation, as if you rolled a three sided die each time you wrote a sentence.

Sorry if I sound like you're child hood English teacher. I don't know if that helps but that's the subconscious rules I follow. I need to work on my character development though. My characters are horribly bland, like oatmeal.

}}

That should be helpful for future references. Thanks:)

{{: 

This isn't true. You can string together as many as you want as long as you punctuate it correctly. It's not the best structure, but it is still grammatically correct. Although it is a pretty useful technique for showing a sense of franticness or a rush of emotions or even to help illustrate that the pace of the story is moving very quickly.

}}

That's correct. The problem with English is that it's a very frustrating language. My English teachers use to tell me their are no rules for English because there are always exceptions to them.

*029*2013-03-03 22:03

{{: 

Yeah that's the thing, there's always a way to make stuff work. I generally avoid that kind of stuff though. I think it distracts the reader from the actual story at hand. If it's in the dialogue that's one thing. People speak in all kinds of run on sentences, but when the narrator shows character it can be distracting, unless you wanted the audience to have a personal connection with the narrator, but I think that only works if it's entirely from her/his perspective or if he/she's part of the story. I'm currently writing my first, first-person story and she shows all kinds of character when she narrates, because she's the protagonist, but even then she narrates in third person omniscient sometimes.

I don't know if that's problematic or not, but I make sure that it's a gradual transition so it hopefully works out. I never really thought about it though, but I used to think, why can't the protagonist narrator know a little something about what everyone else is doing? In the book "The Lovely Bones" Where the ghost child is the protagonist, as a spirit, she can see into everyone else's lives and see how her death effected it, so the omniscient part of it is justified there, but at one part, it fades into Suzie reading her rapist's mind for his child hood, which, I don't think you could realistically do, even as a spirit. So there you have it, I can switch between first person and third person omniscient as much as I want! So there! :p

}}

I like how you defended yourself... against yourself :P

*036*2013-03-13 02:47

{{: 

Shout out to the author.

This is a very well written work and, unlike so much of the other stuff on this site, has not degenerated into gratuitous sex scene after gratuitous sex scene. I keep trying to find stories where the focus is on the desperation. I thoroughly enjoyed the extremely descriptive and well written story so far. Great job Omo-secret.

}}

Thank you, it means a lot to me that you enjoyed it :)

*037*2013-03-16 23:52

So I decided to introduce Felicity Thompson a little earlier than I intended too. Other than that this was a pretty fun chapter to write. I hope you enjoy it.

Alarms blared! May flung herself into a sitting position. She scrambled to escape her blankets and to heed her spider sense’s warning. She found herself only further intertwined within her blanket. Her eyes darted around the room for the danger, hoping if she couldn’t get the first strike on it, she could at the very least evade it. Her eyes settled on her flashing alarm clock and a feeling of embarrassment sunk in.

“Riiight. Alarm clock. Not precognitive warning of danger.” She groaned as she flopped onto her back. She slapped the infernal device till it silenced. She gazed at her ceiling bitterly. May gave an exasperated sigh before she escaped her blankets, now with a calm demeanor. She stuck her tongue out at her inanimate ex-captor before trudging off to her personal bathroom.

She paused at her mirror and focused on a mound of messy hair that rested on her head. She ran her fingers through her tangled brunette locks. She barely managed to twitch her fingers before they were caught by knots. She shook her head as she removed her hand and began to undress from her black bra and panties. The adrenaline that she awoke with began to diminish leaving her body weary. Her eyes felt heavy and warm as she slipped behind her shower curtain and switched on the water.

A sharp tingle of her spider senses woke her up seconds before her body was assaulted by icy water. She cried out and cringed, her back arcing as she tried to hide from the cold flow of water. Her hand fumbled for the knob and turned it all the way to the right till the water turned scalding. She adjusted it slightly till she grew content with the water’s temperature. She hesitantly returned to her position beneath the fall of water and sighed in relief.

“May?” Mary Jane asked, knocking on her bathroom door.

“Yeah?”

“Are you ok? I heard you yell.”

“Peachy Keen. I nearly fell victim to hyperthermia, but otherwise I’m ok.”

“Hypothermia.” Peter corrected from down the hall. “I know that squeal of displeasure anywhere. You faced your kryptonite: cold water.”

“Shut up dad! I get enough science lessons from school.”

“Obviously not enough if you can’t tell the difference from hyperthermia and hypothermia.”

“Oh leave her alone, Tiger. Let her get ready for school. Monday’s are bad enough without medical lecture from her police scientist father.” She chided.

“I’d appreciate it if I could take a shower in peace.” May agreed.

“Fine, fine.” Peter resigned. “I know when I’m not wanted.”

May smirked as she ran her hair under the streams of steady, hot water. The knots that once restricted her fingers from gliding through her soft locks of hair, now loosened as she began to manage her messy mop of hair. When she was satisfied that it wouldn’t put up any resistance against her lathering, she addressed it with shampoo.

Once her hair was in optimal condition for her endeavors that Monday morning, she grabbed a pink loofah and lathered it with some sort of fruity bodywash before utilizing it to scrub her body clean. Unfortunately it didn’t wash away her sleepiness and she caught herself dozing off twice. (No time to drown May) she scolded herself as she tried to remain alert. Her hands grew more and more idle as she continued to clean herself off until finally she just leaned against the wall, allowing the water to rinse the suds off her body.

Her eyes flit open, accompanied by a cry of discomfort as icy water poured onto her back. She leaped onto the ceiling instinctively, she managed to keep herself from crashing to the ground as she climbed towards the knob and shut off the flow of water. She flipped to her feet on the matt outside of the tub, grabbing a towel on her descent. “So cold.” She shivered.

She quickly dried the cold water from her body and wrapped herself with it like a dress. May took another towel and wrapped her hair. She rolled her eyes at the “glorious” start to her morning and left her bathroom with a sense of spite.

A few hours later she was sitting at an empty round lunch table. She was dressed in dark skinny jeans, black converse sneakers and a red v-neck shirt. She rested her head atop the table with her crossed arms surrounding it as she tried to block out the loud shouts or conversations and clatters of trays that filled the cafeteria. A tall, handsome blonde athlete snuck up behind her and wrapped his arms around her torso with a grin.

He leaned forward and gave her a kiss on the cheek. “Hey babe, what’s up?”

A smile formed on May’s face. “Hey, Gene.” She purred.

“What can I do for the most beautiful girl in the world?” He asked, noticing her discomfort.

“A caffeinated beverage would be great.” May said. (Late night training sessions aren’t good for a student’s health) She thought as she blinked her eyes.

“Got it.” He smirked as he pulled away cooly and head off in the direction of the soda machines. Meanwhile, May simply applied all her energy into not falling asleep… thought it sounded so good… (No!) She forced herself to sit up since lying down seemed to have negative effects on her consciousness. She surveyed the crowded cafeteria, kids of various ages and sizes overfilled the room. Some stood and talked while others ate and spoke with food in their mouth.

May wrinkled her nose as she felt a uncomfortable tingle at the back of her skull. She whipped around as she watched a paper ball plummet towards her, seemingly in slow motion. She moved fast, her hand reached forward reflexively catching it mid-air. Her eyes followed the direction it came from to spot a very attractive blonde student dressed in a sinfully short black mini skirt and a violet blouse.

“Hey Mayday.” Felicity greeted setting her tray full of fries and a greasy burger.

“That’s not exactly healthy for you.” May commented at the fatty foods. Nevertheless she plucked a fry from her friends tray and took a bite of it with a smirk.

“Hey, not cool.” Felicity shouted swatting at May’s hand and covering the fries from her friend’s reach.

“What are you girls getting into now?” Gene asked as he took a seat next to May, handing her a Coke.

“Your sister is starving me.” May said casually, opening the can of soda and taking a long sip.

“I think she means, your girlfriend is stealing from me.” Felicity said between bites of food.

“I think I am going to have to side with May on this one. Starvation is a greater cause of distress than theft.”

“And Eugene has to protect his damsel in distress.” Felicity rolled her eyes.

“I wouldn’t say that I’m a ‘damsel in distress.’ Just a simple peasant scavenging for food.”

“On my tray.”

“Such an insignificant detail.” May commented with a wry grin. She quickly grabbed a few more fries and began to chew on them.

“AUuugh.” Felicity cried.

“What the hell was that?” Gene laughed as he took a bite of his burger.

“My cry of distress.”

“Who’s the damsel in distress now?” May said taking another sip of soda.

“I need to peeeee.” Felicity commented, changing the subject.

“Ah yes, the need for a bathroom; a bodily need that every human being suffers. Whereas most would simply tend to that need and visit a restroom, my sister simply complains.” Gene muttered.

“I would utilize the proper facilities if I didn’t think this thief” she pointed at May, “would eat all of my food.”

May smirked and held her can of soda. “I bet it’s really uncomfortable too hold in all that pent up urine. The liquid is just sloshing around inside of you like a wave pool. The urge will just continue to rise until your body just voids itself and just release all that liquid from your body with golden streams that drizzle to ground and relieve you of your burden.

“I suppose that it will be OK… I mean unless you think of water falls, or fountains, or pools, or rain, or rivers, or water hoses.” May laughed as she tilted her head upwards and dangled the can of soda at an angle until a stream of amber liquid poured out from the height of half a foot into her mouth.

Felicity scowled as she openly held herself in front of her friends. “Shut up.” She frowned.

“Please do, both of you. I don’t want to have this conversation while I’m eating. Felicity, use the bathroom before you pee yourself. May, don’t eat ALL of her food. Deal?”

Felicity cast a question glance at her friend as she bounced her right leg.

May gave an exaggerated sigh. “Fine.”

“Thank you.” Felicity said leaping from her seat and racing from the room with one hand on her crotch and the other flailing at her side.

“So now that the third wheel is gone…” Gene began, putting his arm across May’s shoulder. “…I was wondering if I could finally meet your parents this weekend… maybe for dinner.”

May raised an eyebrow. “That’s a first; a boy wants to meet the girl’s parents.”

“Well you already met mine and…”

“Speaking of your dad… I kinda… I’m quitting the basketball team.”

“What? Dad is going to go crazy. You are literally the entire team.”

“You mean figuratively.”

“What?”

“Nothing. I’ve just been hanging around my dad too much.” May shook her head. “Anyway, I’ve already contemplated your dad’s reaction. I honestly can’t do basketball anymore though.”

“Why not?”

(Oh you know, just because I’m the friendly neighborhood spider girl.) “Because I have other commitments to tend to.”

“Ok… He isn’t going to be happy though.”

“I know he won’t.”

“So…. About that date?”

“Friday at seven.” May replied.

“Sounds good.” He laughed at her initiative.

May hung back after her class, stalling as long as possible before having to face her basketball coach. Even with all her stalling as she waited outside the gym office she still felt nervous. Her hand gripped the handle of the door so tightly her knuckles grew white. Her right leg bent back slightly, the toe of her foot barely touching the ground. She cast a quick glance around the empty wooden gym floor, desperately searching for something to waste more time on, but she came up empty handed. She sighed and finally opened the door just as her coach was coming out.

“Hey, Parker.” He grinned. “Wanting to get in some more practice hours?” He asked.

“Actually… about that… I uh, I am quitting the basketball team.” She admitted, a sense of dread instantly forming in her gut.

“What?” Coach Thompson cried, outraged.

“I’m sorry I just have other commitments that take precedence over the basketball team. I’m really sorry about this.”

“What is more important? If this is a question of grades I can find someone to tutor you or-“

“It’s not about grades. I just can’t continue to play on the team.”

“What could possibly be more important than the team?”

(Protecting New York City.) “I can’t disclose that.”

“It’s not your dad is it? Is he still mad about High School?” He demanded.

“No, it has nothing to do with my dad.”

“Then what? It’s not my son is it?”

“Of course not. He wasn’t too happy about this either. I am really sorry.” May said softly.

“Fine! Don’t expect to come back later though. This is a permanent removal. Are you sure about this?” He seemed to plead with her.

May cast her gaze to the floor. To tell the truth, she wasn’t. She loved being on the basketball team, but with superhuman athletic abilities and spider senses… it just wasn’t fair. (Its cheating) she shrugged her shoulders subconsciously. She quickly changed her posture and forced herself to become more assertive. “I am.”

“I’m sorry to hear that.” The coach admitted.

May nodded and left to return to her house.

May sat at the edge of her bed her spider costume hanging in her hands. She examined the not yet worn costume and wondered if she made the right choice. Her query was interrupted as the high tech police scanner behind her buzzed to life revealing a bank robbery on twenty seventh street.

(Time to see if I got what it takes.) She decided, stripping to her bra and panties before wrestling with her skin tight spandex costume till it covered her entirely aside from her head as her mask was balled up in her right hand. Her stomach fluttered with nerves and she almost wanted to vomit from anxiety. Her eyes gazed down at her very revealing costume and realized that she had a very visible panty line. She gasped in horror as her cheeks began to burn a bright red.

(No time for modesty. Several armed captors and hostages are more important than my panty line… maybe. If just a little bit) she rolled her eyes and pulled the mask over her face and glanced at the mirror in her room. Despite her easily noticeable underwear she looked… amazing.

She slipped on her web shooters and flung herself from the window. Thanks to the enchantments placed by Dr. Strange no one noticed the web swinger emerge from the Parker house. She quickly began her race to get to the bank. She founder herself reaching top speed and she wished her hair could dangle from her mask and feel the wind whip through it. Instead yet another one of Dr. Strange’s enchantments caused the hair to practically be swallowed up by the mask and prevent the mask from jumbling up and keeping her aerodynamic.

She flung herself through the air in graceful flips or dives until she landed atop the roof of the bank. She surveyed the steel paneled roof for any entry ways. Her eyes quickly spotted one of many round roof windows that was just large enough for her to slide through. She pressed her palm against the glass of the window and was about to push it out when it seemingly flew out of its frame and shattered the green marble floor below.

“What was that?” She asked aloud. (No time to think, act!) She slid herself through the opening and web zipped to a nearby wall. Her loud intrusion was quickly investigated by a thug with a large machine gun. He glanced from the broken glass to the window frame several times in confusion. May didn’t allow him much time to figure things out before she shot two webs at either side of him. She tugged the strands until the strain shot her forward, feet first.

Her feet connected with the thugs back and he fell forward, his gun firing several bullets into the ceiling as it was flung from his grasp. He rolled across the floor unconscious. May webbed both him, and his gun to the floor as two more thugs emerged from the vault.

“I don’t suppose you two are the welcoming committee?” She teased. The responded by firing several rounds at her. She handsprung herself backwards. She crossed her arms outwards in front of herself and fired two streams of web from both hands at the guns. She pulled the strands backwards, quickly disarming the thugs as the guns fell behind her.

“guess not.” She smirked as one charged at her. She vaulted him easily, he quickly spun around but May was already swing her leg in a 360 kick that easily incapacitated her opponent. His buddy decided to take his chances at taking her out. “really after that display you are still going to fight me?” She asked as he tried to hit her.

May leaped towards the ceiling easily avoiding his clumsy punch. She fired one web at the ceiling to suspend herself and the other at the man’s leg. She pulled the dangling would-have-been-robber close to her face.

“So tell me, where are the hostages at?” She asked after she noticed the empty bank room.

“They are in the vault. We were going to lock them in there.”

“Now that doesn’t sound very nice. What if I just left you… hanging from the ceiling for instance? Who knows how long you would be up there.” She said as she connected both strands together and leaped back to the ground. She fired a strand into the vault room and web zipped into the room to find three more robbers.

“Oh look,” She said gazing at the bags of money. “Are those for me? Aw man, and I didn’t get you anything.” She said lamely. She quickly disarmed two of the thugs as the third one fired his shot gun in her direction. She easily dodged the flurry of bullets. Pulling a hostage out of the way of the fire.

“Didn’t your mother ever tell you not to shoot a girl?” She asked as she disarmed the final thug just as the other two charged her from both side. She leaped upward and flipped backwards and the two bozos crashed into each other. “You are just making this too easy.” She said, flinging a stack a bag of bills at the third thug. He caught it as it came open and a splatter of ink fired into his face.

“Sorry about that.” May laughed as she fired a powerful impact web at her and he fell backwards into the wall and slumped to the ground. She quickly entangled him in her webbing as the other two thugs pulled themselves to their feet.

“So how do you want to do this, one at a time or both of you at the same time?” May asked hopping from one foot to the other in a mock warm-up.

“Shut up bit-“

“Eh, eh, eh!” May chastised as she covered his mouth with webbing. “Potty mouths aren’t welcome here.

While the one thug tugged at his web muzzle the other attempted to race for his gun. May had other plans for him and shot a web as his ankle and sent him crashing to the ground. She swung over to him as she climbed to his feet in time to have her knock him unconscious with a vertical kick.

“As much as I enjoy seeing a girl in skin tight costumes dancing around with a clear panty line, you are getting annoying.” Apparently the final thug removed his muzzle.

“Perv.” May said throwing a stack of bills at him, spraying ink in his eyes.

“Gah!” He screamed stumbling back. May launched herself in his direction, landing on her hands as she performed a spin kick and knocked out the final thug. She rolled her eyes as she webbed the last to thugs to the ground and cast her gaze at the hostages who hesitantly rose to their feet.

A child was the first to speak. “You can see her underwear mommy.”

May blushed and left without a word in a series of graceful swinging that would probably never make up for her panty line.

So the next chapter will definitely have wetting for anyone waiting for that:P Other than that you know the usual sign off: leave any comments, cristism or feedback below

*038*2013-03-25 08:42

So I used a scene from a superhero movie for inspiration for this chapter. Ten points to gryffindor if you find it:P

May could only groan as she emerged from the school bus after the long day of school. “Thank god its Friday.” She mumbled aloud as she dragged her feet across the pathway to her front porch. Faint traces of bags were visible from beneath her make-up. She rubbed her eyes lighty. (Oh what a joy it is being the friendly neighborhood wall crawler) she thought bitterly as she slipped into her house.

“Hey sweetheart.” Her mother greeted from somewhere in the house.

“Hi mom.” She replied softly. (Was that even loud enough for her to hear?” She wondered as she climbed the stairs to the second floor. Despite being only being a short distance from the stair case getting to her room felt like the equivalent to running a marathon for May. She barely tugged her bedroom door close and dropped her bag in the middle of her floor. She kicked off a pair of brown uggs before climbing into her bed fully clothed.

The second she pulled her covers over her body she passed out. The world faded as she lost consciousness.

Even in her dreams May found herself swinging from webs; however, her spider costume was absent. In its place was a hot pink bra covering her chest and matching panties hiding her lady parts. May flushed in embarrassment as she swung through Manhattan. She tried to keep herself at a high altitude but she kept finding herself just a few feet above the ground.

Of course the city was just as full as usual and the citizens of New York fixated on the half-naked girl. Laughter reached May’s ears as she tried to get out of sight. Unfortunately, May never seemed to get any higher, in fact she didn’t seem to get any closer to her location either… not that she knew where she was going anyway. May tried to cover her body up with her left hand but she couldn’t ever seem to find enough modesty with a single hand.

A thought popped into May’s head. She could just cover herself in webbing. She rolled her eyes at herself for not coming up with the solution sooner. She awkwardly aimed her arm at herself and began to fire webbing… but she ran out. Both web shooters ran empty and she immediately found herself falling from a tremendous height. She screamed and suddenly wished she was still at street level.

Just before she splattered to the ground she found herself sitting in her school desk. She glanced down to find herself still in her skimpy outfit and began to blush furiously as she surveyed the rest of the class. Her usual class mates seemed to be replaced with a mixture of cute singers from her favorite bands and common thugs she spent most of her time apprehending.

She tried to sink lower into her seat and cover her breasts with her text book but her teacher had other ideas.

“Ms. Parker! How dare you attend class in such a… exposing outfit?” The elderly teacher looked absolutely disgusted. “To the front of the class, now!” She Demanded.

May hesitated, not thrilled to expose herself to her “class”.

“I said now, young lady!”

May blushed but rose to her feet. She bowed her head and sluggishly made her way to the front. Once she got to the board she tried to obscure her class’s view of her with her hands but the teacher scolded her.

“Take a piece of chalk and write ‘I will not forget my clothes’ fifty times on the board. Any attempt to cover yourself will be rewarded with another twenty lines.”

May blushed deeply but obliged. She winced as every time she wrote on the board she was greeted by a loud screeching noise. Her classmates on the other hand seemed to be only focusing on her body. She blushed as she reflexively tried to cover her butt.

“Twenty more.” Her teacher stated simply.

May slumped but continued to jot down line after line. She reached her twenty-eighth line when she began to notice an urge to pee. She winced lightly but ignored it. Her abdomen slowly began to bulge from her swollen bladder as she began to add more lines to her existing one. She began to shift her weight from leg to leg as she made it to her fortieth line. (Almost there) she thought as she began her forty-first.

She frowned at the bulge in her stomach, her four pack was absent and instead she looked like she was in the early stages of pregnancy. She bent her leg back in a ninety degree angle and returned it to its original position before repeating the process with her other leg. She began to continue the process as she added more and more lines of the same repetitive text.

May reached her fifty-fifth line when she began to hold herself.

“Another twenty lines miss Parker.”

“No! I just have to pee!” She complained

“Make it fifty!”

“WHAT?” She shouted.

“Do you want to go one for seventy!”

“Please just let me go!”

“Fine, who else will save the city from shocker anyway?”

“What?”

“The villain known as Shocker II is wreaking havoc across Brooklyn Bridge. All members of the NYPD report to Brooklyn Bridge immediately.” Her teacher replied, only the voice wasn’t hers.

“What’s going…on?” May muttered as she began to rouse to the sound of her police scanner. She blinked a few times as she glanced at her clock, it was only five in the afternoon, she still had two hours till Gene came over.

Her head rang as she remembered the police scanner. “ Shocker huh?” She quickly rose to her feet, happy to find herself dressed in her clothes, not her underwear. She chuckled as she stripped nude and replaced her panties with a black thong before she pulled on her skin tight costume. She didn’t waste any time before she leaped from her window and began swinging through the streets of New York.

She barely got a block away from her house before she began to notice her urge to pee wasn’t confined to her dream. She winced as her urethra began to tingle. She tried to ignore it and continued to swing onward. It didn’t take May long to find herself atop the arch of Brooklyn Bridge. Her eyes darted downwards to find a single man casually stroll along the bridge as he sent cars and policemen flying.

May fire a web and dangled upside before descending till she was face level with the Shocker. “Hey, come here often?” She asked the tall man. She quickly examined his costume. It was mostly yellow full body suit that showed off his large muscles, but some reason he added a red singlet over the suit to add flare or something. His feet were covered by red boots and his hands had red gloves with glowing knuckle extensions.

Rather than reply to May’s question he raised his fist to her face.

A sharp tingle interrupted May’s thoughts and she quickly web zipped away as a powerful blast of blue energy shot through the air.

“Ah, I see. You are the shoot first, ask questions later kinda guy.” May commented as she fired two strands of web on opposite side of him. She slingshot herself towards him feet first, hoping to send him flying. Unfortunately he had the relatively same idea, only his way involve his blaster fists.

A blue jet of energy collided with May in mid-air and she found herself scrambling through the air till her back slammed into a suspension wire. Her body began to fall to the ground before she managed to fire a web. She swung towards the powerhouse only to have him send another wave of energy her way. May released the strand of web and bent backwards in mid-air, preforming a matrix esque dodge.

She fired another strand of web when another blast of energy hit her from below. She flipped through the sky and felt a spurt of urine slip into her thong. She winced but managed to regain control of her body. She fired a strand of web and swung back down towards Shocker. He released another blast of energy that she managed to dodge and follow it up with a swinging kick that sent him flying backwards.

The muscular villain landed on his feet and rather than send a blast of energy he sent a wave of energy that blew May backwards. She slid across the street and at some point began rolling before she staggered back to her feet only to have another blast of energy collide with her chest and send her rag-dolling across the bridge. May slammed into the ground and a spurt of warmth filled her crotch. She glanced down to find a penny sized glistening patch on her crotch.

May shook the thought of her bodily need from her mind and began swinging back towards her foe. She leaped to a nearby wire and clung to its surface. “Tesla would be proud Shocker.” The wall crawler commented as the man fire another blast of energy at her. She evaded the strike but the force of the blast fractured the wire she rested on. She clung to the wall of the arch and surveyed the bridge.

“There are too many people on it too evacuate. I can’t afford to let him collapse it… but he’s too powerful to try and attack head on. How much juice does he have?” She questioned. Her head tingled and she leaped to the ground as a blast of energy damaged the arch.

“You know, this is vandalism at its worse.” May said as she strut over towards the villain. He replied with a blast of energy that she evaded. The bridge rocked. “If you collapse this do you think you can survive?” She asked as she took cover behind a car. She placed both hands on the empty vehicle and prepared to vault it when the car seemed to fly from her hands and slam into the villain.

“What the hell?” May asked as she glanced at her hands. She didn’t have long to wonder what happened before the angry villain retaliated with a series of energy blasts. May cartwheeled out of the way of the majority of the blasts but the last one’s shock wave sent her tumbling behind another empty car.

May felt urine spread through her crotch and managed to stem the flow, but the wet patch spread to the size of a coaster. May blushed but turned her attention to her attacker. She glanced at the car and pressed her hands to the exterior. Nothing happened. She groaned and struggled to lift the vehicle. She just got it over her head when a blast of energy struck the car and tore it from her grasp.

May crouched to the ground as another blast whizzed above his head. She leaped into the air and web-zipped to a nearby cord. May turned to her adversary as an idea began to form in her head. (Those gloves has to be a pain to handle… so how does he deal with all that crippling energy? It has to be his suit!) Her eyes fell onto his body when she noticed a small tear in the fabric.

She smirked as she fired a strand of web at the flap of torn fabric and pulled on it till the rip expanded and he was exposed. He tried to fire a blast of energy but his entire body shuddered and she blast went wild as he fell to the ground. May smile for a moment until she grew aware of a trickle of warmth rolling down her leg. She stemmed the flow as she fled the scene of the attack and raced towards her house.

She examined the damage and was glad to see it was very minor, on the flip side she still REALLY had to go. She winced as she began to swing back towards her house. The journey seemed much longer now that she had to pee oh so desperately. Whenever she began her ascension of her swinging arc she would force the web between her legs and her hand onto her crotch to hold herself for a few moments until she would have to fire a new strand of web.

She was nearly halfway home when her phone rang. She risked a landing on a nearby building when she clicked a button on her gauntlet and rose her wrist to her ear.

“Hey, babe.” Gene greeted her.

“Hey.” She smiled as she crossed her leg and began to bob up and down.

“I just wanted to let you know I’m on my way towards your house now, be there in ten.”

“Great!” May forced enthusiasm into her voice.

“See you then.”

“See ya.” She disconnected the call and shoved both hands into her crotch. She allowed herself a moment to squirm. She groaned as she forced herself to begin her journey back towards her house again, this time with one hand in her crotch.

May was on her street when a gush of pee soaked her hand. She winced but continued to her house. She was swinging through her window when she noticed Gene’s car in her drive way.

“Damn!” She swore as she landed on her floor as the door to her room began to open. Her head tingled as she jumped to the single and spread out her arms and legs so that she remained there, her face gazing at the ground as flash entered the room.

“Hey May, you in here.”

May didn’t answer and only stared at her boyfriend.

“Guess not.” He said softly as he began to leave.

A soft hiss filled the air suddenly as May felt the sensation of warmth begin to spread from her crotch. The fabric around her crotch began to darken and glisten as the wet patch grew larger and larger. A stream as thin as a strand of hair began to drizzle to the ground as the door slowly shut. Gene faintly heard the sound of liquid hitting the ground and darted back to check the source. May just managed to escape through her window where she handstand just out of sight on the window sill.

Hot golden rivulets of pee began to roll down her abdomen and darken her uniform. She cringed as the warm glistening wet patches began to spread towards her chest. Her back didn’t fair much better and grew darker as well. She shuddered slightly as her skin tight fabric rippled slightly with the flow and golden streams were visible outside of the fabric. Pee began to casade from her breast in streams that fell towards her face.

May blew through pursed lips as urine began to roll down her face. Her nose wrinkled in disgust as hot pee began to fill her nostrils with the scent of ammonia. She tilted her head at an angle so that her nostrils wouldn’t fill with any real urine. She winced as urine began to drip from her nose to the ground below.

The flow continued down her torso, it almost tickled as the hot streams of urine multiplied as her flow increased. The chest of her costume was filled with a complex series of wet patches that almost resembled a web in themselves as rivulets of hot pee began to spread and trickle down her body. She whimpered in disgust as her side and arms began to feel the same burden.

Finally she heard the door shut as Gene left. She wasted no time in flinging herself back into her bedroom where she raced to her bathroom. There was no hope for using the toilet now she flung herself into the bathtub and just let the remainder of her urine flow out and down her legs.

When the flow subsided she finally escaped the soggy confines of her costume, though the fabric stuck to her as she struggled to pull it off. Eventually she found herself entirely nude and saturated with he urine. She groaned as she dried herself off and applied a heavy touch of perfume to drown out the scent of urine. She changed into beige bra and panties, a black layered mini-skirt, a red v-neck and black boots before she jumped from her window and reentered from her porch.

May found Gene sitting awkwardly at the table as her father interrogated him about something, or another. “Dad leave him alone.” May laughed.

“I’m just making sure that he-“

“Is completely uncomfortable.” Mary Jane interrupted.

“No it’s fine.” Gene lied. He mouthed a thank you to May, though.

“Alright well who’s up for dinner? I hope you are in the mood for take-out Gene. We’re having Chinese food tonight.” Mary Jane said.

After dinner May walked Gene to his car. “Sorry for turning up late to my own house.” She rubbed the back of his neck.

“It’s cool.” He laughed. “Never had that happen before though.”

“That’s Mayday Parker for you.” May laughed.

“Indeed.” Gene replied as he leaned in for a kiss.

May remembered the urine that had previously rolled down her lips and leaned back.

“Sorry, Chinese breath.” She replied.

Gene looked hurt but didn’t voice his feelings. “Well see you later.” He said and entered his car.

“Bye.” May replied before he shut his door. She watched him leave before she returned to her house.

“You didn’t kiss him?” Peter asked, clearly pleased.

“You watched?” May asked horrified.

“I have to make sure my only daughter is OK.” He replied sheepishly.

“Well… no I didn’t kiss him.”

“Why not?” Mary Jane butted in.

“Well… I… peed all over myself.” She admitted, defeated.

“Even your face?” Peter laughed.

“Especially my face.” May blushed.

“What happened?” Mary Jane raised an eyebrow.

“Spider-girl happened.” May replied before leaving to her room to take a shower.

*041*2013-03-27 02:09

So I'm at a cross-roads. I will either continue to right this along side another story I'm working on, or post pone the next chapter and return to it with the debut of Smallville High and Gotham Nights. Thoughts?

*044*2013-04-28 20:13

May dangled her head upside down from the couch cushion as she lazed around her otherwise empty house. A can of soda and bag of chips dangled from the ceiling near her; both suspended by her webbing. May was amazed to find that she didn’t feel the nauseating sensation of blood rushing to her head. Instead it seemed to feel completely natural.

The young heroine spent her Sunday in less than flattering attire: a baggy navy blue t-shirt she “borrowed” from Gene, and slim grey sweatpants. Her bare feet rested on top of the couch’s head rest. May’s hair was done in a messy bun, with loose strands of hair dangling downwards. Her face was devoid of make-up yet nearly flawless.

A newsflash interrupted her previously scheduled program. “Warning to citizens in the Manhattan area, the super villain known as Shocker has escaped from custody. The criminal was previously apprehended by Spiderman escaped through means of a hidden explosive. He is likely armed and very dangerous. Citizens are warned to keep their distance and report any sighting immediately.”

May’s mouth hung agape for a moment after the news flash ended. “Spiderman?” She asked, clearly outraged. “It’s spider-girl! I have boobs!” She shouted. May pulled her shirt’s collar out a bit and gazed at her bra-less chest. “I mean they aren’t the biggest boobs but still…! A thug checked out my panty line!” She sprung to her feet and bowed her head. “It’s spidergirl…” She trailed off softly.

May’s tantrum was interrupted by a shrill metallic sound. She glanced at her blinking smart phone and read the text from Felecity. “Hey! Hang out? Meet me at Dehango’s pizzeria in an hour.”

“Doesn’t seem to grasp the concept of question marks. This seems like a demand.” May muttered. She returned her gaze to her television. “If Shocker is really on the loose I ought to… to what?” (I have no idea where Mr. Tesla is… If dad gets any leads he will tell me and then I’ll go find him. Till then I can have a little fun.) May justified her lack of super heroing, at least to herself, and set off to get ready.

May was disappointed to have to hurry through her usually long shower time. Once out of the shower she began to lightly polish her blemishes with make-up, a bit of mascara to hide her bags and red lipstick to add a bit of flirty flair to her looks. She dressed herself in a white blouse, black skinny jeans and a red jacket. May was slipping her grey vans on when she got a call.

“You never comfirmed.” Felecity accused.

“You didn’t give me a choice.”

“It’s still polite.”

“Fine, yes I’m coming.”

“Obviously.” *Click*

May rolled her eyes at her friend’s attitude as she headed out the door.

Soon after May entered the pizzeria to find Felecity sitting at a booth… with some boy. May raised an eye brow as she tried to discern who her friend was talking to by the back of his head. Unfortunately May remained stumped as she strolled over to the table, a little anxious to be a third wheel.

May was a few steps from the table when the boy turned around. May froze and gasped. “Normie?” She asked. The handsome teenage boy smiled and rose to his feet. Dark hair fell a little below his ears, charming grey-green eyes met May’s excited blue eyes. A charismatic smirk lined his lips as he embraced the young heroine.

May’s head barely rested upon his shoulder as she made sure to keep her grasp light.

“Hey.” Normie said cooly as he released May.

“When did you get back in town?” May asked, clearly thrilled to have her longtime friend back.

“Today.” He smiled.

“How long are you staying?” She asked hesitantly, not wanting to get her hopes up.

“Quite a while I imagine. After all the Oscorp base of operations is in Manhattan, and as CEO I should stay close.” He replied with his charming voice.

“Awesome.” Was all May could muster. She was way too excited to think of a better response.

“So, I guess Mr. CEO is going to spend all his time in suits now-a-days?” Felecity asked, referencing his grey three piece suit.

“Dress for Success.” Normie shrugged smiling.

May lost focus as her head tingled. Her eyes flit across the room in a slight panic. Time slowed as the wall opposite of her ruptured. Debris hurtled at the table Felecity still resided in. May moved to protect her but hesitated as more debris launched at Normie and several other residents of the pizzeria. May panicked as she tried to decide what to do. Time sped up and the shock wave of the blast sent her flying instead. May scrambled through the air and crashed through the pizzeria’s window.

May groaned as she tumbled across the curb. Regardless of her injury May shot to her feet and leaped into the alleyway between the pizzeria and a comic shop. She clung to the surface of the comic shop and bounced to the roof of the pizzeria. She quickly tugged her shirt and jacket off revealing her spider costume beneath. She quickly stripped the rest of her attire off and replaced it with her mask and web shooters.

May dove to the streets and fired a stream of webbing into the pizzeria and tugged hard till the strand and she was sent flying into the shop. Felecity was slumped across the floor and Normie struggled under a chunk of brick wall. May flung the debris off her friend, who immediately limped over to Felecity.

“Is she O-“ May was cut off as a wall of blue energy sent her crashing into a circular table. The wooden table splintered beneath her. May sat up to find the shocker standing above her.

“You are really annoying.” May groaned. She struggled to rise but Shocker stuck out his fist. His gauntlets sent waves of pressure on her body, pinning her to the ground. Shocker aimed his left fist at her face, his gauntlets lighting up with energy.

May sent two streams of webbing at the wall. She tugged as much as possible till the webbing pulled her back. Her body slid between the shocker’s legs. She rose to her feet as she slid and sent a flurry of impact webbings at his back. The villain winced very slightly but turned around, sending a beam of energy slicing at her head.

May ducked and fired two strands of web on either side of the Shocker and sling-shot herself feet first at his chest. May’s attack was intercepted by a blast of energy. She crashed into a wall and slumped to the ground.

Shocker turned away without a second thought and rushed from the scene. May groaned softly and struggled to her feet. Her eyes slipped over to her two friends who were slumped over each other unconscious. May frowned but refocused her attention on apprehending the larger worry.

May emerged on the street to find a path of destruction leading away from the pizzeria. “Oh where, oh where could he be?” May mumbled as she took off swinging along the path. Her body whipped through the air as she surveyed the carnage below for immediate threats to the safety of other citizens. Thankfully it seemed that most citizens had already fled before Shocker got a chance to harm them.

The path of destruction ended at a large gaping hole in the street. May landed at the edge of the hole. She glanced into it. “Not exactly subtle.” She smirked and plunged downwards. She quickly came to a large cavern that must have once been a subway station. Just before she reached the ground her spider senses went off just moments before her body rag dolled through the air.

“Not exactly reliable.” She snarled at her late warning. She managed to land on her feet and face her attacked.

“Come on Shocker, can’t we just talk this out?”

The villain remained silent, as usual. Instead he replied with a wave of energy that kept May from getting close. He slowly skirted around her till he was on a higher platform. A blast of energy soared towards May knocking her into a weak section of the wall. The wall gave away and she plummeted into a circular pit that reached a hundred or so meters downwards with several intersecting railway bridges.

May crashed onto a bridge. She winced as a rail slammed into her back. She rolled to her stomach and began to push herself to her feet when Shocker entered the pit. He used waves of energy to propel himself to the track May resided on. A blast of energy like a train sent her flying across the track. She landed in a roll and just managed to get to her feet when another blast narrowly missed her.

May leaped to another bridge higher up and sent streams of web at the Shocker’s guantlets. His fist were covered by the powerful adhesive. The webbing was quickly blown away by the Shocker’s powerful gauntlets and two blasts of energy were sent at May. May jumped into the air, flipping to avoid both. She swung to another train track and tried to search Shocker’s suit for any tears.

“What do I do?” She asked, feeling a panicky sensation swell up in her chest. There weren’t any tears on his suit, there wasn’t anything to cut it. His gloves blew her webs away… this was way too much. May sent a flurry of impact webbings to distract him as she leaped to another bridge. Her attention momentarily diverted as she saw a bright light beginning to emerge from a track behind her.

“I don’t like this.” She muttered as she formulated a plan. She fired to strands of webbing at the Shocker’s shoulders. She mustered all her might as she tried to throw him in front of the train. She watched as his body arced through the air… and fell short. May had to back hand spring to avoid him crushing on her. Her toes narrowly missed the third rail and she was at the edge of the track.

The sound of a speeding subway train roared through the room. May knew she lost her chance and now… now Shocker had perfect aim of her. Her spider senses barely tingled before she was uppercut. A blast of energy and she was sent flying. She frantically tried to right herself up as she soared towards the front of the train. Her body crashed hard onto the track only meters from the subways front. With inhuman speed she rolled her body till she lied perfectly flat between the rails. Just as she snatched her arm out of the way the train sped above her.

May began to breath rapidly as the metal contraption drove just inches above her face. “I’m so glad I peed before I left.” She muttered, terrified. “I’m so glad I have small boobs.” She added as the train continued to move above her. She failed. She knew it. She barely survived.

Finally the last train compartment swooped above her head. May reluctantly sat up to find that Shocker had abandoned her. She sighed and slowly got to her feet. Her body was still shaking as she left the tunnel and returned to Dehango’s Pizzeria. The scene was empty, most likely everyone caught in the attack would be at the hospital. May changed before rushing to the hospital in search of her friends.

May shyly made her way into Normie’s room. She approached her friend who looked fine enough. “Hey.” She muttered.

“Hey.” He smiled, sitting up at the sight of her.

“Sorry your welcome back wasn’t ideal.” She laughed as she stood at his side.

“None sense. It was pretty exciting.” Normie laughed. “I’m just glad you’re fine.”

“Yeah. Thanks to Spidergirl.” May said.

“Spidergirl?” He asked a little sheepishly.

“Yes, Normie. Spidergirl. She has boobs.”

“Oh great. A heroic damsel saved the knight in distress.”

“Who says you’re a knight?” May laughed.

“If I remember correctly, a certain six year old Mayday parker called me her ‘knight in shining armor’.” Nromie smirked.

May blushed. “I was six, and you were nine!” She looked away. “I didn’t think you were too knightly after you read my diary, by the way.”

Normie shrugged. “I thought it was cute.”

May blushed further. “This isn’t fun for me.” She scowled.

“Oh you poor thing.” Normie rolled his eyes. “I’m sorry the injured man is making you blush.”

“Don’t play the sympathy card. I feel bad enough I couldn’t save you.”

“I think the rolls should be reversed.” Normie laughed.

“Are you wishing ill on me?” May smirked.

“No, I just mean that I should be the one worrying about you.”

“That’s sexist Normie.”

“Regardless… I’m glad you came by, but I think Felecity will be upset if you don’t say hi to her.”

“Ok, I see. You want to get rid of me. Well I will see you later, tiger.”

“See ya, Mayday.”

May gave a mock salute and slipped out to visit Felecity.

May approached the room where Gene was talking to his sister.

“Awe, how touching. A real family reunion.” May gushed as she entered.

“Hey May.” The siblings called out in unison.

“Hey, guys. I’m not intruding am I?”

“Not at all. Gene is just expressing his concern.” Felecity rolled her eyes. “Where were you?” Felecity demanded. “I was all alone and in pain and-“

“Cut out the exaggeration. I was talking to Normie.”

Gene groaned.

“Don’t mind him. He just doesn’t like successful cool guys on his turf.” Felecity rolled her eyes.

“He’s a bad guy.” Gene mumbled. “I mean both his dad and his grandpa were supervillains. The fruit doesn’t fall far from the tree.” Gene grumbled.

“Normie isn’t going to be a supervillain.” May sighed.

“Whatever, just be careful around him.” Gene warned as he left the room.

Once he was gone Felecity spoke. “He’s jealous.”

“I know.” May muttered.

“With good reason. Normie is hot.” Felecity replied.

“Huh? Do you have a thing for him?” May asked with a raised eyebrow.

“Ew, gross. No!” Felecity scowled. “Besides he’s YOUR knight in shining armor.”

May blushed again. “Did everyone read my diary?”

“I’m the one who told him about that.” Felecity laughed.

“Thanks. You’re a great friend.”

Felecity winked at her. “I need my rest.” She admitted. “You better not keep me waiting next time I get hurt, though.”

May laughed as she began to leave. “I won’t.”

May’s phone went off in the hall. “Hey.” She answered.

“I presume you had a run in the Shocker?”

“Yeah.”

“Are Felecity and Normie OK?”

“How did you know about them?”

“I work for the police May. Are the fine?”

“Yeah, I guess they are just being kept for observation.”

“Good. And you, are you OK?”

“Of course.” May sighed.

“What about Shocker?”

“He got away. I think I need…” May looked around and whispered into the phone. “Stronger webbing.”

“I don’t think it’s a matter of stronger webbing. See Herman-“

“Herman?”

“The original Shocker. Herman used gauntlets that vibrated the air molecules. This Shocker uses some form of energy. Until I figure out what it is I can’t make a webbing to last against it.”

“Oh.” May muttered.

“I do have something that can help.” Petere stated.

“These are called stingers.” Peter said adding needles to May’s web shooters at their home. “If you do this…” He said making a gun with his hand and putting his thumb down so that it’s tip touched the beginning of his index finger. “It shoots a needle out.”

May hesitantly mimicked the gesture and a needle shot from the shooter, piercing the wall. “It almost seems cruel to fire these at villains…” May muttered.

“Maybe, but if you can graze the shocker costume you can tear it and leave him helpless.” Peter shrugged.

“I guess.” May mumbled, not sure how she felt about the new tool. “I’m going to go and survey the city for a while, make sure Shocker doesn’t do any more damage.” May said as she pulled her mask over her face.

*046*2013-04-29 01:23

{{: 

What, no super hero lines? I guess she only dose that with easy villains, which makes sense. I was never a real fan of super hero lines anyways. Well you're story's coming out as colorful as ever. Very nice. Do continue writing. You're writing is so rich.

}}

Thanks:) I'm really glad you think so. I was going to add some one-liners but I decided to put more focus on her struggle in this chapter.

*048*2013-05-04 05:00

So something I wanted to disclose before you read this chapter. In this continuity, my continuity, a lot of things have changed. Normie isn’t the goblin, yet. Felecity has a stronger relationship with her mother than her father. Peter has never bonded with the venom symbiote, neither has Eddie Brock. In fact the venom symbiote had been brought back to earth intentionally and had been kept in a lab for experimentation for project Spider-Men (later named Project April) but was forgotten and kept in stasis for fourteen years. The symbiote has recently been released via Manhattan Plumbing on accident. Without Further ado I hope you enjoy.

May swung through the gray skies of Manhattan, landing atop her favorite gargoyle perch. She took a moment to catch her breath as she gazed at the horizon, the sun barely peaking at the world. “I spent all night looking for someone who apparently doesn’t exist.” May grumbled. She grew aware of the heaviness in her eyes and yawned. “How do you go from path of carnage to nonexistence?” May asked as she swung her way back to her home.

May clambered into her window, pulling her mask off before collapsing in her bed for a few minutes of sleep. She barely blinked before her alarm clock blared in her ear. May arched her back so that her lap still rested on the mattress but one arm kept her torso in the air. She sent a stream of webbing on the alarm clock before sending it flying across the room in aggression. She groaned, brushing her hair back before she got out of bed.

May peeled her skintight suit from her body and stumbled into the shower letting scalding hot water pour over her body in an effort to keep herself conscious. May furiously scrubbed herself clean as flashes of Felecity’s and Normie’s unconscious bodies flit through her mind. True they were fine, but things could have gotten much worse. She couldn’t save her own friends and what about the carnage the Shocker used to lead her to the subway system? It would be ridiculous to assume everyone got out safe or alive.

May shuddered; suddenly she wasn’t cleaning sweat from her body. She was trying to clean the thoughts, the doubt, the fear away. Maybe she wasn’t a heroine. Maybe she was just a kid playing dress up. May sank to her knees in the shower, hot water washing over her as she felt utterly lost.

“No.” She mumbled softly. May balled her hands into fists. “I can do this. I am May Parker, daughter of the original Spiderman. I am a heroine by blood. I am a heroine through will.” May rose to her feet and ignored her weariness. She shampooed her hair before emerging into the steamy bathroom to dry herself and get ready for the day.

May tossed her towel aside and entered her room. Her skin goosebumped as she met the cool air. She rubbed her eyes and began to dress herself. She grabbed a pair of matching pink bra and panties. She followed the underwear choice with dark wash skinny jeans, gray vans and a form fitting purple v-neck.

May gave herself a once over in the mirror, she looked a bit worse for the wear. Her eyes were surrounded by dark circles she quickly addressed with make-up. Still make up couldn’t hide her obvious need for sleep. Regardless she applied a light touch of eye liner and head out for the day at school.

May drug her body through the halls of Midtown hall and forced herself to remain conscious during her various classes. Finally May found herself groggily making her way to study hall. She sighed in relief at the thought of a well-earned nap, even if it would only extend for the thirty minute period. Focusing on remaining awake she hadn’t really noticed the growing need for a bathroom until she passed through the threshold of the class.

She winced slightly, hoping she could hold it till lunch; nothing was getting in the way of her rest. She eased her head onto her desk and almost instantly slipped from consciousness.

May found herself revisiting a memory from her childhood. She blinked at the intense light the sun gave off. She looked around to find herself at a playground. Her six year old body was dressed in a grey skirt that reached just above her knees, black panty hose, black flats and a white blouse.

May glanced over to the tree where Felecity, dressed in a black dress spoke to Normie who had jeans and a t-shirt. May waited till they both returned to her company.

“OK. May you are going to be the princess so you have to wait up there.” Felecity pointed to the playground’s tallest slide tower. “Normie has to save you from me, the evil witch.” Felecity informed May.

“OK.” May sighed. She wanted to ask if she could use the bathroom, but felt nervous around Normie. She didn’t want to seem like a baby. Besides, as of last year she was potty trained. A little late, but potty trained no less. May scurried up the winding staircase to the tower with the slide. She looked out below as her two friends picked up worthy sticks for their battle.

May crossed her legs as she appeared between the metal bars down at her friends. Felecity stood atop a metal platform drawing a gnarly stick about two feet in length. Normie drew his own, longer and straighter. A worthy sword of any knight.

Instantly the battle commenced, Felecity flicked her wand at the brave knight. A flaming ball narrowly missed Normie’s helmet clad head. The heroic knight attempted to attack the witch but was slowed by a bolt of lightning. He convulsed within his iron armor as he fought to withstand the spell.

Meanwhile May preformed her own trembling. She tucked her feet under her and rested her urethra against the heels of her feet to ease the pressure of her full bladder. She wished Normie would hurry up and defeat the witch.

The witch resorted to fleeing from the knight. The knight pursued her using his magical sword to deflect jets of energy from the witch’s wand. The witch leapt from the castles bridge to the ground below sending a ball of fire into the knight’s chest. The knight fell off on the opposite side giving the witch time to increase the gap between themselves.

The knight leaped to his feet, grasped his sword and raced after the witch. He caught up to her as she began to ascend a tower near May. The witch sent balls of fire to slow the knight down. Said knight crashed to his butt and instantly began to roll on the ground to extinguish the flames covering his body.

May harshly ushered a kid down the slide and returned to her own needs. She slipped her hands into the waist band of her skirt and held herself. She bobbed up and down tears beginning to form in her eyes. She bit her lip; the burning in her urethra was beginning to take precedence over the scene below.

Normie had finally defeated Felecity. She fell to the ground in an over the top death, grasping for life several times after “dying”. Finally, content with herself, Felecity remained dead. Normie raced to the tower at top speeds.

May quickly rose to her feet and began to dance from foot to foot. She contorted her body in several complex patterns to keep herself from peeing herself. When Normie drew close she tried to remain stoic dancing from foot to foot in “excitement”. The brave Knight rescued the beautiful princess and they took the slide down to freedom.

“OK, now let’s play hide and seek.” Felecity shouted as she caught up to the two kids.

(Perfect. Now I can sneak off into the bathroom.) May thought with a smile.

“Not it!” Felecity and Normie both shouted in unison.

May felt all her hope shatter as she was escorted over to a secluded place in the park and was told to sit down cross legged and cover her eyes. May hesitantly obliged and listened as her two friends fled from her.

May squirmed. “One, two, three… four.” May struggled to keep from peeing herself. “Five… Six… ah” May finally lost control. Hot pee began to gush from her urethra. Her panties began to contain most of the urine, keeping the hot wetness pressed against her groin.

Streams of urine began to cascaded down from her urethra collecting at her butt, soaking through her underwear and pantyhose. May sighed in relief as a pale yellow puddle began expand from beneath her. Thankfully her skirt was spread out around her and was out of the danger zone of her puddle of pee.

May felt her cheeks begin to grow red as she realized what was happening. She rose to her feet and droplets of water fell to the ground below her, yet she felt the pee continue to spread to her butt and only half of her thigh.

Regardless of physics weird change, she was glad to remember that Felecity and Normie wouldn’t notice her accident. Her mother would though, and May would spend another month in diapers unfortunately. May sighed as she felt pee continue to gush out of her as she reminisced her past.

May blinked as the sound of laughter woke her. She sat up and tried to figure out where she was. (Study hall.) She reminded herself. She blinked a few more times as she slowly grew aware of the sound of water splattering to the ground and an odd warmth on her seat.

May slowly drew her gaze to her seat to see urine spilling off the seat and a dark stain glisten on the inner thighs of her jeans and crotch. A puddle of urine spread across her seat and cascaded to the ground in several tiny waterfalls. May blushed, utterly mortified. Her peers snickered as she rushed from the room. Rivulets of urine began to roll down her legs, darkening the fabric of her jeans as she fled to the nurse’s office.

A while later May found herself in the nurse’s office. Her pants and underwear were missing, replaced by a princess pull-up. She was glad it wasn’t a bulky diaper, but it would have been preferable to wear pants.

May tugged at the hem of her shirt to pull it past her crotch. She blushed as she waited for her mom to pick her up. Of course the nurse’s office kept pull-ups around, by a change of pants was totally out of the question. She rolled her eyes as the nurse confirmed that her mom was here. May blushed and fled the office and raced down the hall before anyone could see her.

May raced into the car and sat in the passenger. Mary Jane sighed and began to drive away from the school.

“May… what’s happening with you?”

May blushed deeply. “What do you mean?”

“You’ve had quite a few accidents lately.” Mary Jane replied, blushing herself.

“Nothing…” May mumbled, her ears beginning to burn. She looked away and Mary Jane left her alone. May began to drift off several times on the car ride home, managing to catch herself before she gave in to sleep.

Once home May rushed to her bathroom, quickly discarded the pull-up and the rest of her attire before she ran a shower. The hot water felt her with disgust as she recounted her earlier wetting. She switched it to cold and found herself drifting off again.

Dark, thin tendrils began to ooze from the shower head. The strange liquid began to wrap itself around May, covering her legs and feet first as it made its way up. Her entire body was covered in a dark coating of the tar like substance. The strange substance coated the back of her head and top of her head before reaching to cover her face.

May was granted a moment of vigilance and attempted to release a scream of terror before her mouth was muffled by the substance. May could only stare, wide eyed, as the substance covered her face and she succumbed to utter darkness.

May opened her eyes to find herself dangling from a crane at some warehouse. She leaped to the ground and noticed a two way mirror in place of a window. She gazed at her reflection. Instead of her spider costume she found herself in a similar black suit. The fabric was different… it reminded May of the bodysuits worn in sci-fi movies. The skintight suit seemed to increase the size of her breasts and was devoid of the webbing pattern. A white spider symbol resided on her chest.

May felt a strong tingle at the front of her skull. Before she could move a tendril admitted from her side and pulled her away as the window shattered from the concussive force of Shocker’s blast. May web-zipped through the window into the building.

It took May a moment to realize she wasn’t wearing her web-shooters. May gazed at the wrists amazed at the new suit. She wasn’t given much time to admire the new suit before her spider senses went off again. Her suit released another tendril, saving her from another blast. May found herself in the middle of an empty warehouse facing off against Shocker.

“Fancy meeting you here.” May quipped.

The Shocker replied with two blasts from his gauntlets. May easily dodged the two strikes.

“You are really starting to get annoying with those things.” May snarled. She fired to webbing shots at his gauntlets. The black webbing held up against further blasts.

“I think I look good in black.” May muttered, admiring the suit.

Shocker charged the spidergirl swinging his fists, May ducked, webbing his gloves again and throwing him over her. May pulled the webbing from the gauntlets and fired a stinger at his side, slicing the suit open. May felt her senses tingle and she webbed the suit pulling the tear open as he launched a blast at her.

A tendril pulled May out of the path of the destruction, meanwhile Shocker kneeled over in agony. He began to fall over but May intercepted his face with her foot. Shocker lurched across the warehouse floor, unconscious.

A little while later May had the villain dangling from the ceiling, bound heavily by her webbing.

“I hate to leave you hanging, Shocker, but I see you’re a little tied up at the moment.”

*049*2013-05-05 22:01

I have decided to release a full "cast" of the characters I know to be featured in my story. Basically it's just the models of how I imagine my characters look.

{{: 

May Parker/ Spidergirl

April Parker

Peter Parker

Mary Jane Parker

Felecity Thompson

Gene Thompson

Felecia Hardy-Thompson

Flash Thompson

Normie Osborn

Reily Tyne

Richard Rider

Cassandra Lang

Shannon Carter

Zane Yama

Brenda Drago

Fabian LaMuerto

}}

