The Last of Us Ellie Omo

Author: justarandomguy

*000*2015-09-17 20:50

Several months ago, someone had suggested a Last of Us inspired desperation fanfic with Ellie. Finally got around to writing it out, so I figured I'd share with you all. Hope you enjoy it!

...

The clicker hadn't seen her. All Ellie wanted to do was get into the bathroom down the hall, quickly relieve herself, and be on her way, but one wrong slip of her foot sent a handful of bricks clattering to the floor, instantly alerting all the infected haunting the building in the process. Squeezing herself into the bedroom closet, she crossed her legs tightly as the patrols of infected searched the rooms for her, completely unaware that she was right under their noses.

"Shit..." she muttered under her breath to herself, hands clamped tightly between her legs. "Why now? God, the one time I actually have to pee and I find a whole nest of these fucking things..."

Joel couldn't have been far away, but she'd made it very clear to him that she'd be perfectly fine to explore the row of rotting houses on her own. She very soon ate those words as her bladder continued to fill and the infected refused to move on. They'd pace back and forth around the room, chirping occasionally, but never gave her enough time to slip away. They'd brush past the closet every now and then, causing her to hold her breath just as tightly as her bladder.

In any other situation, she'd have just squatted. It's not like peeing outside was anything new to her. But here in the relative safety of her closet sanctuary, there was hardly enough room to breathe, let alone get her pants down to release the increasing pressure on her bladder. It was getting bad. Her legs were shaking, her hands were jammed tightly between her legs, and the inside of her lip was being torn up by her gritted teeth. Shifting the weight in her lack, a small spurt escaped as she gasped quietly.

"Fuck..." She couldn't see if there was a wet patch from the darkness of the closet, but her crotch felt immediately more damp. "No, no, no, not now..."

Taking in another sharp breath, she opened the closet door the slightest crack, only to see one of the clickers turn back her way. Still no chance of escape. She wanted to call out for Joel, have him come swooping in to her rescue, but all the same didn't want to sound like a child. And yet here she was, pee dancing in a closet, the capacity of her bladder reaching its limit more and more with each minute that grated by.

Shutting her eyes tightly as she bobbed up and down more intensely, another hard spasm wracked her body. Another jet of pee escaped and she began to feel it trickling down the back of her thighs.

"Fuck it..." She let her head drop as she let the inevitable happen. Removing her hands from her crotch, her bladder wasted no time in starting to empty. With a hard hiss of liquid meeting denim, relief finally came to her. It was the first time she'd peed herself since she was a little girl, but it had never felt this good.

Nearly a full minute had passed by the time the last few trickles ran down her soaked legs and onto the wooden floor. Her shoes felt squishy when took a few sidesteps, but it had been more than worth it. Her attention returned to the infected, however, once she heard some movement right outside the closet.

"Shit, shit," she muttered, reaching into her backpack and pulling out her butterfly knife. Readying it just as the door swung open, she was surprised to find herself staring into the eyes of a familiar bearded face.

"Ellie?"

"Joel?"

Her face flushed immediately with a deep crimson red. Taking a step back to give her some room, Joel watched as she stepped through the yellow puddle beneath her feet, squelching with each step.

"You okay?" he asked, genuinely concerned. "I took care of those damn things... Happened to noticed the uh... You know... Under the door."

"I..." She averted her eyes from his. "I couldn't hold it..."

"It's okay, kiddo," he said, putting an arm around her and ushering her towards the front door of the house. "When you gotta go, what the hell right?"

She appreciated his carefree assessment of her situation. Turned out he was still a dad at heart after all. Pushing open the front door to the suburbs, it was only a matter of time before the sun would set and more infected would be out and about. It was good a time as any to get moving. And maybe find some dry clothes.

*004*2015-09-21 02:20

I appreciate all the great comments :) Omo or not, I've always had a thing for Ellie. She's just too cool of a character. Naughty Dog needs to bring her back for a sequel!

