Camping Trip - Part 3 onwards

Author: MissVermilion

*000*2012-03-29 03:38

A/N: Not sure if anybody's actually reading this- but here's the next part anyway, because I promised. I'll be posting everything in this thread from now on instead of continuing to make new ones. If anybody does happen to be reading, I'd love to have a bit of feedback. There's not much actual wetting in this chapter- it functions more along the lines of setting the premise for the next chapter- but hope you enjoy it anyway. Oh, and since I'm British, "diapers" will be referred to as "nappies" in this story. Sorry if that bothers anyone!

Oh, and here's the links for parts 1 and 2 just in case:

Part 1: http://omorashi.org/topic/3765-camping-trip-part-one/

Part 2: http://omorashi.org/topic/5079-camping-trip-part-two/

Chapter Three

I awoke the next morning to bright sunshine penetrating the transparent material of the tent and hastily fumbled for my watch. A little after seven. Good. Nobody else would be awake for a while, so I would have time to get over to the toilets and sort myself out. I felt gingerly between my legs and found that the thick nappy I was wearing was cold and heavy- I had obviously wet heavily during the night- but the grey tracksuit bottoms I had been wearing as pyjamas were completely dry. Despite the amount of cider I had drunk with the others the previous night, I hadn’t leaked at all.

Heavily relieved, I wriggled quietly from my sleeping bag, trying not to disturb Regan and stood up experimentally. The bulky nappy sagged between my legs and I pulled up my bottoms self-consciously as I unzipped the tent and headed out into the early morning sunshine.

I was heading purposefully across the campsite towards the toilet block when I heard somebody call my name. I whipped around, and noticed Adam sitting beside the burnt-out remains of last night’s campfire, his knees pulled up to his chest and a lit cigarette dangling from one hand.

“Hey,” I said, awkwardly adjusting my bottoms once more, “You’re awake early.”

“As are you,” he said, taking a deep drag of his cigarette, “Couldn’t sleep either, huh?”

“I slept pretty well actually,” I said, taking a step backwards to imply that I had no wish to continue this conversation just at present. “I just woke up to use the toilet.”

“Ah okay, I’ll let you go then,” he said with a slight smile. I smiled back briefly, before turning and hurrying gratefully towards the toilet block.

Had he noticed anything? I wondered worriedly. He hadn’t mentioned that anything looked amiss about the size and shape of my behind, but that didn’t give any definite answers: he could quite easily have noticed and just not said anything. I was going to have to be more careful, I realised. Tomorrow I needed to wake up even earlier to make completely sure that nobody else would be awake.

Once I had dispensed with my wet nappy and relieved my bladder of any remaining liquid, I headed back over to Adam and the dead campfire.

“Sorry about that,” I said to him, once I was close enough, “I just had to use the toilet before I got drawn into any sort of conversation.”

“It’s cool,” Adam replied with a smile, and then patted the ground beside him, “Come sit?”

I didn’t particularly want to sit with him, but since going back to sleep was out of the question and I had no place else to be, I obliged.

“Cigarette?” he offered, pulling a rizla from his packet.

“Sure,” I said, and he placed a line of tobacco in the paper, rolled it and lit it himself, before handing it to me.

I took a long drag and cast my eyes over the still-quiet campsite. “Looks like it’s going to be a nice day,” I commented, when the silence had begun to feel awkward.

“Yeah,” he agreed, “Nice day for the beach.”

“Indeed,” I agreed, and we lapsed into silence once more.

“How come you couldn’t sleep anyways?” I asked him finally, and he frowned.

“I was thinking,” he said after a short pause.

“A dangerous habit,” I commented, and we both laughed nervously. “What about?” I prompted.

He cleared his throat nervously, and then looked away. “Lexi,” he mumbled.

“Ah,” I said, taking a thoughtful breath of smoke, “So you have something of a thing for your fellow guitarist?”

“Something like that,” he admitted, “We just seem to go together, you know? We’re into all the same music, we appreciate all the same things, and she’s bloody stunning. Only-”

“Only what?” I asked when he faltered.

“I think she might be into girls,” he confessed, frowning, “The way she acts around Katie makes me think there might be something there. And the fact they’re sharing a tent now kind of freaks me out, you know?”

“Interesting,” I said, raising an eyebrow, “That would make six of the eight people in our group gay. What are the odds of that?”

“Six?” Adam repeated with a frown, and I realised my mistake all too late. “There’s Regan, Denny and Mark... Alexa and Katie would make five... So that leaves...” He turned to me and suddenly realisation seemed to dawn. “Bloody hell. You’re a lezza as well?”

“Much as I find that term offensive, I suppose I am,” I replied, and then looked warily at him. “I didn’t mean to tell you that, though, so please don’t pass it on.”

“So I’m the only one who knows?” he asked, looking pretty pleased with himself, “You’re in the closet?”

I winced slightly at the reference. It made it sound as though I felt I had something to be ashamed of in being a lesbian, when I really didn’t feel that way at all. The topic had simply never come up, and if Regan knew, she might read into my behaviour much more and suspect that my feelings towards her were more than just platonic. And that thought frightened me more than any other.

“Don’t worry, I won’t say anything,” Adam assured me, “But honestly, you don’t need to hide who you are around us guys. We’re the biggest bunch of misfits you’ll ever come across and we all love each other for it. Nobody here’s going to judge you for being gay.”

“Thank you,” I told him, and I meant it. It felt good to think that I might just be accepted somewhere. “But even so, please don’t tell anyone.”

“Don’t tell anyone what?” asked a sleepy voice from behind me. I jumped and turned my head to look over my shoulder. Regan had emerged from the tent in her tiny pink night clothes, her blonde hair tousled from sleep and her eyes bleary.

“Morning,” I said, wetting my lips nervously as I attempted to avoid the question, “Did you sleep well?”

“Mhmm,” she replied, dropping to her knees and snuggling into the gap between Adam and myself. “You left me this morning, though,” she added with a pout.

“I’m sorry,” I told her, “I had to use the toilet, and when I returned, Adam offered me a cigarette.”

“Oh,” Regan said, and looked at the remains of the campfire, “That’s okay. Who’s making breakfast?”

###

The sun didn’t stop shining all day, and we were able to spend all of it on the beach. The other three girls all immediately stripped down to tiny bikinis but- despite the fact that I was wearing my own (very ancient) swimsuit under my clothes- I resolutely spent the day in my only pair of shorts and a dark-coloured t-shirt, even whilst swimming in the sea. If the others were surprised by my conservative attire, however, they didn’t mention it, and I found myself enjoying the company of every one of the others- aside from perhaps Katie, who complained far too much and whose humour was much too spiteful for my taste. There were no toilets on the beach, but rather than take the ten minute walk back to the campsite when I felt the need, I simply relieved myself in the sea. I felt rather embarrassed in doing so, but comforted myself in thinking that everyone else must be doing the same thing, as nobody else had made the trek back to the campsite to use the toilets.

When we finally returned to the campsite (or the girls did- the boys had been sent to the local convenience store to pick up burgers, sausages and ribs to barbeque, along with as much cider as they could carry) I immediately headed off to the tent to change into some dry clothing. To my surprise, Regan followed me inside.

“Regan,” I said, trying not to sound too annoyed, “Please leave. I need to get changed.”

“Oh, okay,” Regan said, looking slightly stung, “I get it. Because I’m a lesbian, I must be a pervert, right?”

“That’s not what I meant,” I began to argue, but it was too late- Regan had already left.

Throughout the barbeque and the group’s conversation afterwards, she remained cold and distant towards me: something which Katie was quick to take advantage of. She sat as close to Regan as possible while we ate and once all the food was finished with, offered the other blonde her lap. Regan seemed to hesitate for a split second and I was sure she glanced at me for a moment- but then she settled herself in Katie’s lap and I decided that I must have been mistaken.

I had grown significantly annoyed by this point, although I told myself that I had no reason to be. Despite the fact that I had no claim over Regan, I couldn’t help feeling as though Katie was directly rubbing the other girl’s affection for her in my face. Had I made my feelings for Regan more obvious than I had thought? Had Katie picked up on them and taken it upon herself to show me in no uncertain terms that Regan was hers?

“Rae, you should wear crop tops more often,” Katie purred, putting her hands under Regan’s t-shirt and rubbing them across her completely flat stomach, “Your belly is to die for. I couldn’t help looking at it when we were at the beach. Don’t you think so, Cassie?”

“I’m sorry?” I asked, taken aback by the abrupt question. I looked around the circle: everybody’s eyes were on me, apart from Adam who was looking deliberately away and Regan who seemed suddenly uncomfortable.

“Katie, don’t,” she said to the other girl, softly, but Katie took no notice.

“But then, I know you know Regan has a beautiful body,” she said to me, “I caught you admiring it earlier, you naughty girl. Not that I blame you, of course.” She slid her hands carefully upwards on Regan’s body.

This was more than I could take. I opened my mouth to argue that none of this was true, but then my eyes locked with Regan’s clear, blue ones and my words became lost somewhere in my throat. I closed my mouth and opened it again to tell Katie to shut the fuck up, that she knew nothing. But Regan’s eyes were still on mine, and the pity in them was too much for me. Poor Cassie, I knew she was thinking, poor Cassie with her silly, little crush, when she doesn’t stand a chance with me. A lump rose in my throat and I knew I had to get away before my eyes began to fill with hot tears.

“Excuse me,” I mumbled, my voice choked, as I rose from the ground and fled in the direction of my tent. I wondered fleetingly what would happen now- whether Regan would squash in with Katie and Alexa after all, or whether I would be forced to go home and leave my tent behind, for Regan would now surely be too disgusted to spend any further time with me.

I managed to hold back my tears until I had zipped up the tent behind myself, and then they exploded. I curled into a corner of the tent and began crying uncontrollably, my hands pressing futilely at my eyes. I could only have been there for seconds before I heard the tent being unzipped. I wanted to brush the tears from my eyes and yell at whoever it was to leave me alone, but I was sobbing too hard to care.

But then my name was whispered softly in my ear and warm arms were wrapped around my body as somebody held me close to themselves. I felt breasts against my shoulder, and drew back in fear, but whoever was holding me did not desist.

“Sshh,” a voice whispered, and I felt lips plant a firm kiss to the top of my head, “Sshh, it’s okay, sweetie. I’ve got you.”

Finally able to control myself, I lifted my head from my hands and forced myself to look into Regan’s sweet, blue eyes. Of course I had known it was Regan. I had known from the moment she had unzipped the tent.

“I’m sorry,” I told her quietly, “I’m sorry if I was checking you out at the beach. I was trying my hardest not to, but it’s difficult when you’re so- you’re so-” But I couldn’t finish the sentence.

“So what?” Regan asked softly, her arms still torturously warm around my body, “Tell me, Cassie. Please.”

I turned my head away so that I didn’t have to look at her as I whispered the next part. “I’ve felt something more than friendship for you since the first moment I saw you, Regan,” I admitted, “You entered my life like a ray of sunshine, offering me friendship when nobody else would; showing me what it’s like to truly care about another person. Your soul is more beautiful than that of anyone else I know and I’ve fallen for you in a way I never knew to be possible.”

Regan didn’t loosen her grip on me, but she was quiet for so long that I began to panic.

“I don’t expect you to attempt to like me back in that way,” I assured her hastily, “You’re still free to be with anyone you choose, and I promise not to come in the way of that. If you’ll still be my friend, I won’t let anything change between us; or if you don’t think that’s possible, I’ll walk out of your life right now. Just say the word if that’s what you want, Regan.”

“Hush, you silly girl,” Regan said, and I felt her place a hand to either one of my cheeks and gently steer my head so that I was facing her. “You’re the most genuine, selfless, beautiful person I know, and I’ve fallen for you in just the same way as you have for me.”

I stared at her, trying to find some sort of hint in her eyes that she was joking, toying with me- but I found none. I felt vulnerable, terrified, and more confused than I had ever been. Nobody had ever told me I was beautiful- nobody I knew had had the guts to lie so blatantly to my face. And what could somebody like Regan possibly find to fall for in somebody like me?

“I- I don’t know what to say,” I confessed finally.

Regan smiled at me, and she removed her hands from my face in order to take my own hands.

“You don’t have to say anything,” she told me. “Just kiss me, Cassie.”

I found myself begin to tremble uncontrollably. I can’t, I wanted to tell her, I don’t know how. But she had shifted so that her face was very close to mine, her lips just centimetres away from my own, and I felt pure instinct taking over. I closed the gap between our mouths and kissed Regan fiercely. She kissed me back hungrily, her palms pressing into mine, and I felt a sense of joy and excitement explode within me. How had I gone for so long without experiencing this, I wondered? This feeling of bliss, this sense that the world had suddenly righted itself?

Then, all too soon, the kiss had ended, and Regan was looking at me with tears in her eyes. I looked at them in confusion.

“Was I that bad?” I asked her anxiously.

“Bad? Oh my god, are you kidding?” Regan gave a soft hiccup and tears started spilling down her cheeks, “That was- that was amazing.”

“Then why are you crying?” I asked, genuinely bewildered.

Regan paused, and then shook her head. “I don’t even know,” she admitted, and we both laughed. Suddenly feeling an extraordinary amount of love for the other girl, I wrapped my arms around her tiny body and pulled her into me in a tight hug.

“Thank you,” I whispered in her ear, “I was so afraid you wouldn’t feel the same way.”

“Have I ever let you down?” she whispered back, and I shook my head. It was true: she hadn’t.

“Oh my goodness, when did it get so cold?” she wondered, when we finally pulled away from one another, “Hey, come in here with me.” She crawled over to her sleeping bag and slipped her legs inside, before indicating for me to squish in beside her.

I swallowed thickly. “There’s no room,” I protested feebly, and Regan pouted.

“Well, perhaps we can connect these somehow,” she said, reaching across to my own sleeping bag.

“No,” I said quickly, grabbing her wrist, “I- I’ll come into yours with you. Just for a while though, okay? I’m not sleeping there.”

“Understood,” Regan smiled, and I crawled across to her sleeping bag and slid in beside her. It was a close fit, and we were snuggled almost chest-to-chest. Regan sighed contentedly and wrapped her arms around me, pulling me even closer to her. Awkwardly, I placed my own arms around her body, and a rush of warmth spread rapidly down my body, beginning at my chest and ending between my thighs where I felt a small amount of wetness collect. Blushing, I crossed my legs hastily and wriggled away very slightly.

“Tell me something, Cassie,” Regan said suddenly, “Why is it you won’t let anybody see you undressed?”

I closed my eyes briefly before answering. “My body’s ugly, Regan,” I told her, “Not only is it awkward, gangly and boy-like, but these scars on my face-” I touched them self-consciously, “They’re not just on my face. It’s for the benefit of everybody else that I don’t remove my clothes. Nobody’s comfortable with seeing that.”

“Don’t,” Regan murmured.

“Don’t what, Regan?” I asked.

“Don’t talk about yourself that way,” she told me fiercely, “You’re beautiful, Cassie. If people can’t see that, they’re idiots.”

“There are an awful lot of idiots walking around in that case,” I replied, and then rather more softly, I added, “And I’m one myself.”

Regan didn’t respond, save to press her lips to mine once more. The kiss was oddly soothing, and I felt myself relax considerably. When it ended, my eyelids were much heavier, and I realised I was going to have to take myself off to my own bed soon, nappy firmly in place. But not just yet, I reasoned. Cuddling with Regan felt so wonderful: surely it could not do any harm to continue the moment for a little longer?

“May I ask you a question now?” I asked, and Regan nodded. “What’s the situation between you and Katie?”

Regan’s eyes surveyed me closely, and I found myself holding my breath. If there was anything at all still going on between her and Katie, then I was very sure I didn’t want to get into the midst of that, no matter how strong Regan’s feelings for me might or might not be.

“I don’t feel anything for Katie,” she told me, so sincerely that I found myself believing her, “We did have something of a thing once, but it was never serious- just teenage experimenting, I think- and it didn’t last. She couldn’t see any further than this.” She indicated her beautiful face. “She didn’t understand me the way you do.”

My heart began to race, and I pulled Regan to me all the more tightly. “But earlier, beside the campfire?” I had to ask, but Regan simply shook her head.

“I was annoyed with you from earlier, and I wanted to make you jealous,” she confessed, “That was all, and I’m so sorry for it. I didn’t realise it would hurt you as much as it did.”

“Don’t be sorry,” I murmured, my eyes flickering as a sudden rush of drowsiness engulfed me.

“I am though,” Regan whispered back, and her voice sounded faint- obviously the warmth of our proximity was making her just as sleepy as it was me. “I’m sorry, Cassie. I won’t do that to you again, I promise.”

“Don’t make me promises like that,” I told her. My eyes were completely closed now, and I knew I should get up and put a nappy on. But the moment felt too perfect, too fragile, and I was scared of breaking it. Just a little longer, I told myself peacefully, Five more minutes and I’ll get up.

*003*2012-04-01 09:57

{{:

You have to finish it man! I'm getting board of the old fetishes by themselves! This story is so excellent and don't you think otherwise just because you only got two comments! Finnish the story! Don't leave the few who care hanging!!

}}

Aww thanks! Now that I know a couple of people are interested, I'll post the next part tonight.

*004*2012-04-03 00:24

Part 4

The first thing I noticed when I opened my eyes was the cold clamminess between my legs. Frowning, I felt the sheet beneath me, and realised that it was soaked. Great. But then my hand encountered something else: warm skin which didn’t belong to me. I looked to my left and felt my heart rise into my throat. Regan. Memories of the night before came flooding back to me, and the panic spread through me as I realised what had happened. I had fallen asleep while snuggled with Regan, and as usual I had wet heavily in the night, consequently soaking not only myself but also Regan’s sleeping bag, and probably Regan herself.

I felt sick with fear as I extracted myself from Regan, meticulously careful not to wake her as I slipped out of the sleeping bag and clambered to my feet. The light grey tracksuit bottoms I was wearing were soaked from the waistband from the knee, and there was a large, visible wet patch on the outside of Regan’s sleeping bag.

What the hell could I do? I glanced down at my wrist, and realised that it was still very early- not even six o’clock yet- but that was hardly of any significance. Sooner or later, Regan would wake up and find herself in a wet sleeping bag, and would know exactly what had happened. Unless... I frowned as a wicked idea began to form itself in my mind. What if I got changed now, hid my wet things and slid into my own sleeping bag before Regan woke up? She would still find herself in a wet sleeping bag, but she would think it was of her own doing, rather than mine.

But even as I considered the idea, I knew I couldn’t do it. I thought about the shame and humiliation I felt each morning upon awaking wet, and knew I couldn’t inflict those feelings on Regan. As awful as it was going to be, I knew I needed to be honest with Regan about what had happened- about what happened to me every night.

Swallowing my fear, I dropped into a crouch and gently shook Regan’s shoulder. “Regan,” I murmured, “Rae, wake up.”

I half-hoped that she’d remain asleep and that I’d have to rethink my plan, but her eyelids fluttered open immediately.

“Cassie?” she mumbled, and then smiled when she saw me squatting beside her, “Hey, sweetie. Is it morning already?”

“Not quite,” I muttered, waiting for her to process what had happened. Slowly, confusion blossomed across her pretty face, and she sat up, frowning down at her sleeping bag.

“Why am I wet, Cassie?” she asked, “Is the tent leaking?”

I cursed myself for not having thought of that one, but it was too late now. “No,” I replied, my voice cracking as tears collected in my eyes, “No, it isn’t leaking.”

“Then what-” Regan began, but then her gaze shifted to me. I watched as her blue eyes took in my wet bottoms and tear-filled eyes. “Oh, Cassie. It’s okay. Come here, sweetie.”

She opened her arms for a hug, but I simply shuffled further away. “Don’t Regan,” I said, “You don’t need to pretend it’s okay. Here, you can have my sleeping bag for the rest of the trip, and I’ll make do on the floor.”

“Don’t be stupid,” Regan said, and she wriggled out of her sleeping bag. Her pink vest top and shorts were entirely soaked down one side, and upon seeing this, I couldn’t hold back my tears any longer. I burst into frenzied sobs, collapsing onto my wet bottom, my face in my hands. Presently, I felt Regan shuffle in beside me, her arm reaching around me to hold me at the waist. She waited patiently like that until I had no tears left to cry and was able to turn my face to look at her.

“I’m so sorry,” I told her, amidst hiccups, “That shouldn’t have happened. I should have got out of bed, but I was just so comfortable and- and I suppose I fell asleep.”

Regan used the back of her hand to carefully wipe the tears from my eyes. “Does this happen to you a lot?” she asked gently.

I nodded. “I usually wear... protection,” I told her, unable to voice the word nappies, “But last night...” my voice trailed off miserably.

“Sweetie, why didn’t you tell me?” Regan asked, and I shook my head.

“I thought I could hide it from you,” I confessed, “It wouldn’t have been an issue if we hadn’t fallen asleep like that.”

Regan tucked a stray strand of hair carefully behind my ear and then leaned in to kiss my cheek. I found myself leaning into her despite myself, unable to comprehend how she could remain so sweet, so understanding, when I had, at some point in the night, urinated all over her.

“At least we still have one dry sleeping bag,” she said, and I gave a short laugh. Only Regan could look on the bright side when faced with something like this.

“You can have it,” I told her again, “I’ll sleep on the floor.”

“No, you won’t,” she argued firmly, “We’ll both sleep in your sleeping bag. We’ve just got to make sure you don’t fall asleep without your protection again, otherwise we’ll both end up on the floor!”

“Are you sure?” I asked, and was disgusted to hear the insecurity in my own tone, “You’re sure you want to sleep with me again after this?”

“Of course I’m sure,” Regan replied firmly, “Now come on and kiss me before we get into some dry clothes.”

I kissed her, grateful and incredulous of her calmness and understanding. Maybe it really would be okay, I allowed myself to think. Regan had feelings for me too, and she had chosen to be completely accepting of my secret. Maybe things really were looking up.

###

The day which followed was nothing short of wonderful. After changing into dry things, Regan and I stuffed everything which was wet into a carrier bag and put it in a corner of the tent’s porch, hoping it wouldn’t begin to smell too much before we left. I was glad that Regan hadn’t proposed we leave the sleeping bag and night clothes out in the sunshine to dry, but she seemed to understand that I didn’t want any of the others to know what had happened, and didn’t even suggest this idea. After this, we moved outside into the warm morning sun and snuggled together beside the spot where the previous night’s fire had resided. Here we stayed, hand-in-hand, until all the others had awoken, talking quietly about our lives in between kisses.

The weather stayed bright until about six o’clock that evening, at which point it began to rain heavily. This was of little consequence to us, as we had planned to see a local production of Much Ado About Nothing that evening anyhow, and after the play had ended, we visited a little country pub where we stayed drinking and talking until the early hours of the morning.

We finally trooped rather drunkenly back to the campsite, umbrellas in hand. The rain had still not let up, but we were all ready for bed by this point at any rate. Regan and I slipped together into our tent and, while I grabbed a nappy and ran with my umbrella to the toilet block in order to put it on, she snuggled straight into my sleeping bag still wearing the clothes she had been wearing that day. Neither of us had brought any additional night clothes, and besides, we were far too tired to bother about changing. Once I was wearing the nappy and we were comfortably settled in bed, Regan slid her arms around my neck and drew me in close for a goodnight kiss.

“Night, baby,” she whispered to me, “Sweet dreams.”

“You too,” I whispered back, a beautiful warmth spreading through me at the word baby, “Night, Rae.”

She fell asleep almost immediately and I watched her happily for a while, though I was still very much awake myself. I felt reluctant to close my eyes, feeling that today had been too perfect to have been real: that I might wake up tomorrow and find that it had all been a dream.

After ten or fifteen minutes had passed, however, I found myself uncomfortably aware of the fact that I needed to pay another visit to the toilet. I had relieved myself when I had put the nappy on, but my bladder was tiny at any time, and when I had been drinking alcohol, it became positively ridiculous and I found myself needing to urinate about four times an hour.

I squirmed uncomfortably in the sleeping bag, trying my best to ignore the feeling and get to sleep, but it only seemed to be getting worse. The rain was still drumming heavily on the outside of the tent, causing my bladder to ache all the more and making me feel reluctant about running outside into the showers in order to relieve myself. I wriggled my toes and tried to cross my legs in the limited space but nothing seemed to be helping. I was just trying to reach a hand down into the space between myself and Regan in order to press between my legs, when her eyes opened- she had no doubt been awoken by my incessant wriggling.

I froze, my hand stuck somewhere between my chest and Regan’s stomach and tried to remain still, but I couldn’t keep my hips from wiggling repeatedly from side to side, my thighs from grinding against one another.

“You okay, honey?” Regan murmured sleepily.

“Yes, I’m fine,” I told her, but then grunted, my hand shooting the rest of the way down to my crotch as I felt myself let out the smallest amount of urine.

Regan removed her hand from where it had been situated at my waist and moved it down to cup the hand at my crotch. “Liar,” she whispered.

I took in a deep, sharp breath. “Okay, I’m desperate for the toilet,” I admitted, beginning to squirm openly now that I had admitted this to her, “But it’s still raining: I’ll get soaked if I go out there now.”

“Aren’t you wearing protection?” The question caught me by surprise: I had expected Regan to tell me to stop being ridiculous, grab an umbrella and go to the toilet.

“Yes, I am.”

“And your bladder will release itself if you fall asleep anyway?”

“Yes, I suppose it will,” I frowned, confused as to where she was going with this.

“So just let go, sweetie,” she said, gently taking my hand in her own and prising it away from my crotch. The sudden lack of pressure made me lose control, and to my horror, I found myself beginning to urinate. I clenched everything and somehow, with superhuman effort, I managed to cut off my wee mid-stream.

“Regan, I can’t,” I protested, squirming around in the sleeping bag for all I was worth.

“Sshh. Yes, you can. Just stay still,” Regan said, and with that, she kissed me. The sudden shock of the kiss was too much for me, and my bladder simply released then and there as I began weeing profusely. I gave a soft moan as release came over me, and Regan pressed her body closer to mine, pulling me tightly to her.

“All better now?” she asked, when she sensed that I had finished.

“Mmm,” I replied simply, suddenly feeling exhausted. I put my hand between my legs and felt around my groin, but my tracksuit bottoms were completely dry: the nappy had soaked up everything.

“Thanks, Rae,” I mumbled, my arms snaking around her.

“You’re very welcome,” Regan replied with a smile, and that was the last thing I heard before I fell into a deep, fatigued sleep.

