Go Go Power Rangers

Author: desperation_fan

*000*2020-06-21 21:39

So, this story comes from the request thread, courtesy of @LifeIsStrange

. It's the first chapter of two, since there was more to the request. I also have ideas for several followup stories featuring different female rangers from different eras.

Chapter One

The bell rang, signaling the end of another school day at Angel Grove High. Jason, Zack, Kimberly, Billy, Trini and Tommy exited Ms. Applebey's classroom. Jason, Tommy and Zack were talking about their plans after school, while Billy was checking his notes. Kimberly and Trini, however, burst out of the room looking frantic. The two girls were working on a health class project, studying the effects of drinking eight glasses of water daily for two weeks. This was day three and the girls' bodies were still adjusting to the changes. Kimberly kept twisting her legs and holding herself. Meanwhile, Trini wore a tense expression on her face and couldn't stop bouncing up and down. Neither girl was able to go to the bathroom during class today, having used up their bathroom passes for the week. Their health teacher had offered to write the girls a note, but they had declined, not wanting special treatment. But now they were paying for their humbleness, as they'd had to hold for the last hour.

"Argh! Kim, I have to pee!" Trini said with a slight laugh. Despite the discomfort, she had to admit it was kind of funny. Poor Kim was twisted up like a pretzel, and she was sure she looked just as funny.

"Me too, Trini," replied Kimberly through gritted teeth. "Why did we agree to do our report on hydration?!"

"You girls ok?" Jason asked, grinning at his two squirming friends. The guys knew about the project and couldn't help but be amused at their self-imposed plight.

"They've been consuming such copious amounts of liquid that they're experiencing a severe need to micturate." That was Billy.

"Say what?" asked Zack.

"He said we need to pee really bad," Trini translated. "And he's not wrong," she added, crossing her legs tightly, matching Kimberly's stance.

"I'm sure Ms. Applebey would have let you go during class, if you explained the situation to her," said Tommy.

"And then we'd be known as the girls with the tiniest bladders in school? No thanks," answered Kim.

"Ugh, can we stop talking about it and go to the bathroom?!" Trini asked, sounding very desperate. "Before I wet myself?"

The guys laughed. "Go," said Jason.

"We'll catch you girls at the Juice Bar," added Zack. With that, Trini and Kimberly took off down the hall, practically running.

####

From her palace on the Moon, Rita Repulsa gazed through her telescope, observing the girls as they headed for the bathroom. "Perfect," she thought. "PUTTIES!" she shouted. "ATTACK!!!"

####

Kimberly and Trini rushed down the hall, towards the nearest girls room. Kimberly was wearing a pair of jeans shorts that showed off the aspiring gymnast's long legs. She also wore a pink button-down shirt, while her brown hair rested at her shoulders. Trini, meanwhile, wore a pair of black yoga pants and a plain yellow shirt. The Asian girl's black hair hung down the back of her neck. Both girls cut very stunning figures on an everyday basis. Right now, though, the only thing on either of their minds was getting to the bathroom before they embarrassed themselves. But, just as they reached the promised land, there was a flash, then a swarm of Putties appeared in front of them.

"Now?!" Trini asked desperately.

"Seriously, Rita?!" Kimberly shouted in exasperation, as they assumed battle stances. The two girls engaged the Putties, but in their current state, they were no match for the foot soldiers. Trini tried to fight off two Putties, but both clay commandos caught her with simultaneous kicks to the stomach, doubling her over in pain. Instinctively, her hands dropped to her crotch, as she was afraid she'd lose control and leak.

"Trini!" Kim shouted in concern as her friend scooted back against a wall, trying to maintain control over her bladder.

"I'm ok!" replied Trini, to Kim's relief. That relief was short lived, however, as one Putty grabbed her around the waist, from behind, causing her to squeal in surprise. She clenched as the creature's arm squashed her full bladder.

"Come on, Kimberly," she muttered to herself. "Hold it, hold it..."

"Hang on girls!"

It was Jason. The guys charged in, helping the girls fight off the Putties. The Putty holding Kim let her go in order to help his comrades, who were taking a beating from the more focused guys. Kim decided to make a run for the girls room, but Goldar, Squatt and Baboo appeared in front of her and Trini.

"Hahahaha!!! I don't think so, Power Rangers!"

"Goldar! Please, Trini and I have to go, like, really REALLY bad!" Trini nodded, both girls pleading with the gold monster to let them pass.

"I'm sorry, ladies, but Rita has plans for you! Putties! Forget the others, grab these two! NOW!!!"

The Putties seemed to snap back to attention, charging the girls. Tommy tried to stop them, but was knocked back, as we're Jason, Zack and Billy. As Trini watched, Goldar suddenly grabbed her. She gasped, then disappeared from view. Kim tried to make a desperate dash for the bathroom, but a Putty grabbed her by the back of her pants, yanking her back. Kim winced at the wedgie she received, then felt a familiar jolt go through her body as she disappeared as well.

"Trini! Kim!" Jason shouted, as his two friends vanished.

"We've gotta call Zordon," said Zack.

Jason punched his communicator. "Zordon, we've got problems."

"YES, JASON. ALPHA AND I HAVE BEEN MONITORING THE SITUATION. TELEPORT TO THE COMMAND CENTER IMMEDIATELY."

The guys lined up and tapped their communicators, vanishing in streaks of red, black, blue and green light.

####

Kim felt another jolt, then she opened her eyes and found herself in a dark room, lit only by some red candles in every other candlelabrum. She stood with her legs pressed tightly together. She bent over slightly, her hands buried deep into her crotch.

"Where am I? Trini?! Where are you?!"

"Kim?! Is that you?!"

Kimberly heard her friend's voice, but it sounded muffled, as if she was on the opposite side of a door or wall. "Does Rita even have doors?" she wondered. It was a silly thought, but it temporarily took her mind off of more pressing matters. "Yeah, it's me, Trini! Are you ok?"

"Yeah, except that I have to pee like a racehorse."

Kim winced. "Me too. Where are you?"

"I'm in a dark room with a few candles. How about you?"

"Ditto. This must be Rita's doing!"

"HAHAHAHA!!! RIGHT YOU ARE, RANGERS!!!"

"Rita!" Trini exclaimed, as if it could be anyone else.

"I don't suppose you have a bathroom around here," said Kim dryly.

"NOT FOR YOU TWO, I'M AFRAID. I'M SURE YOU BOTH MUST BE BURSTING, FROM ALL THAT LIQUID INSIDE YOU."

Kim squirmed.

"ALL THAT PENT UP PEE, WITH NOWHERE TO GO. I BET YOU'D LOVE TO JUST PLOP DOWN ON A TOILET AND LET LOOSE.. "

"STOP!!!" That was Trini. "Listen to me, you witch! Kim and drank TWICE our weight in water today and we haven't been to the bathroom since lunchtime. If you don't let us use a toilet, you will wish you did!"

Kim was shocked by her friend's outburst, but Rita just cackled.

"OH MY DEAR, YOU ONLY THINK YOU HAVE TO PEE. WHEN I'M THROUGH WITH YOU, YOU'LL KNOW WHAT IT TRULY FEELS LIKE TO HAVE TO GO!!!"

Both girls gulped loudly. Suddenly, Kim felt her body being pulled against the wall. "What's going on?!"

"Kim! Something's happening!"

"Trini!"

Both girls felt metal cuffs appear around their ankles and wrists. Their legs were forced apart by the structure of the pillars they were being chained to, making their need that much worse.

"Kim, my arms and legs are chained to the wall!"

"Mine too, Trini!"

"I have to pee sooooo bad!"

"Ugh, Trini, please! I'm about to burst!"

"HAHAHAHA!!! AND WE'RE JUST GETTING STARTED!!!"

A metal strap suddenly appeared around Kim's waist. "Rita, what is this?" The strap began to tighten. "Rita stop! Don't!"

Trini screeched, "DON'T YOU DARE PUT THAT THING AROUND M-AAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!! OHMYGAWD STOP!!!!"

"OWWWWW!" Kim screamed as the strap squashed her bladder.

"HAHAHAHA!!! I'VE BEEN LOOKING FORWARD TO THIS!!!!"

"Argh... Kim, my bladder's going to explode!!"

"Rita, why are you doing this?!" Kim demanded.

"BECAUSE I WANT TO SEE YOU BOTH WET THOSE PRETTY PANTIES OF YOURS!!!"

"That's sick!" said Kimberly.

"Our friends will rescue us!" added Trini.

"OH I'LL TAKE CARE OF THAT!!!"

####

"Finster!" Rita called out, no longer projecting her voice to Kimberly and Trini. "Finster, I need a monster! Something to keep the other four Power Rangers busy while I play with their pretty female companions."

"My Queen, I have just the thing. Prepare to meet the Rhinocesauruscorn!! Part Rhinoceros, part Tyrannosaurus, part Unicorn, ALL WOMAN!! She'll deal with those meddlesome teenagers once and for all!!"

"Excellent! Do it, Finster. I have to return to our pretty prisoners."

####

*WHEW* *WHEW* *WHEW*

In the Command Center, the alert siren was going off. "Zordon, what's going on?!" asked Zack.

"RITA HAS SENT DOWN THE RHINOCESAURUSCORN TO KEEP YOU PREOCCUPIED."

"But what about Kim and Trini?" Jason asked

"ALPHA AND I WILL CONTINUE TO LOOK FOR THEM WHILE YOU FOUR BATTLE THE MONSTER. YOU MUST GO, NOW!"

"It's Morphin time!" Jason called out.

"DRAGONZORD!"

"MASTODON!"

"TRICERATOPS!"

"TYRANNOSAURUS!"

The four guys disappeared from the Command Center and reappeared in the city. "There it is," said Tommy.

The Rhinocesauruscorn was a large, imposing figure, with dinosaur-like feet, leathery grey skin, a silver lingerie set(covering the monster's inexplicably curvy rear end and large breasts), a sparkling white horn on her forehead, alluring blue eyes, full, juicy pink lips and long, luxurious blonde hair. "Hello there, boys," said the monster in a sultry southern drawl that none of them were expecting. "We're gonna have us a good time." The four Rangers looked at each other and gulped...

####

Kim and Trini were still chained to pillars in Rita's dungeon. Trini squirmed against her bonds, but all it did was pull the chains tighter, including the one against her bladder. The more she struggled, the more her poor, aching bladder was crushed by the metal strap. "Argh..." she grumbled. She was in pain from the amount of liquid trapped inside her abdomen at that moment.

Elsewhere, Kimberly was experiencing the same feelings. Her tummy felt like it was on fire. The pressure in her bladder kept getting worse, yet here she was, chained to this wall, at the mercy of an evil space witch. The strap against her abdomen was uncomfortable, but she found if she didn't struggle, it wasn't too bad. But the fact that she already felt like a human water balloon meant that it was only a very small comfort. "I have to goooooo..." she whined under her breath.

"RANGERS!!!" Rita's voice bellowed, startling both girls (Kim let out a small spurt before regaining control). "THIS IS SOMETHING I'VE BEEN LOOKING FORWARD TO FOR A LONG TIME!!" Both girls braced themselves for whatever Rita had in store. But instead of a spell or a physical attack, nothing happened. Trini and Kim sighed in relief, but then.

Drip.

Drip.

Drip.

Trini closed her eyes and tilted her head back, while Kimberly just groaned. "DRIP! DRIP! DRIP, RANGERS!" Rita then appeared in front of Kimberly. "Come on, Kimberly. Drip! Drip in your undies!" She then appeared in front of Trini. "Just like a leaky faucet, Trini. Drip!"

It took every ounce of willpower the girls had to not wet themselves. Trini gritted her teeth, while Kim hummed to herself. Both girls clenched every muscle they could, even as the sound of dripping water tormented their already tortured bladders. They both wanted relief so badly, but neither could stand the humiliation of actually wetting themselves. Rita took notes of Kimberly, who was humming "Three Blind Mice" to herself.

"Oh poor, little Kimberly. Let me help you out." She then began projecting her voice for both girls to hear. "THE ITSY BITSY SPIDER WENT UP THE WATERSPOUT! DOWN CAME THE RAIN..." Both girls tensed up. "AND WASHED THE SPIDER OUT!" Trini groaned, wishing she could cover her ears. Kim tapped her fingers frantically against the wall. "THEN ALONG CAME THE RAIN..."

"You already sang that part!" Kimberly yelled.

"AND WASHED THE SPIDER OUT!"

"Oh my God, enough!" Trini said.

"DOWN CAME THE RAIN AND WASHED THE SPIDER OUT!!!!"

"STOP!!!" screamed both girls.

"HAHAHAHA!!! FINE THEN. BUT I'LL BE BACK SOON FOR ROUND 2!!!"

Drip.

Drip.

Drip.

"If I get my hands on her..." muttered Trini as Kimberly groaned and shut her eyes.

Drip.

Drip...

####

In the city, the other Rangers charged the Rhinocesauruscorn. Tommy struck with his Dragon Dagger, then Jason with his sword. "Now really, boys, is this how you treat a lady?" asked the monster, before she knocked the two to the ground. Zack and Billy tried their luck, but the monster was able to throw both of them onto a nearby parked car. "Really. It's time to teach y'all some manners. Starting with..." She aimed back and forth between the four Rangers, before settling on Billy. "You!" She then fired a beam of psychedelic colored energy at the Blue Ranger, who seemed to go into a trance.

"Billy! You ok?!" asked Jason, concerned.

"Blue Ranger, do you vow to obey me and only me?"

"Yes, Mistress," responded the mesmerized teen.

"Yo Billy, snap out of it, man!" Zack called out.

"Then destroy the others!"

"Yes, Mistress!"

"Aw man!" Tommy said.

Billy drew his Power Lance and charged at his teammates...

####

Drip.

Drip.

Drip.

Trini was in agony. She had squirmed and struggled so much, that the strap around her waist couldn't get any tighter. Her bladder was pushed in, causing the Yellow Ranger painful spasms. There was no question that she had to pee, quite badly. "I can't hold it much longer," she thought. "But wetting myself? I could never! What would my friends think?!" She would just have to keep holding it in, until the choice was out of her hands. She just hoped she would be rescued before her muscles have out on her...

Drip.

Drip.

Drip.

Kim tried in vain to free her wrist from the chains. "If I could just get my hand between my legs, I'd be..." her thoughts trailed off. We wanted to say she'd be ok, but the truth was, she was past that. She had already released a (small) spurt of urine into her panties. And while it had only been a tiny amount, the seal had been broken. The Pink Ranger knew it was only a matter of time before the floodgates opened. "But that would be sooooo humiliating!" she thought. She couldn't wet herself. She had no choice but to tough it out for as long as she could.

"HAHAHAHA!!! I TOLD YOU I'D BE BACK!!!"

Rita's voice again startled both girls, this time, Trini felt her muscles start to give way. "Nononononono!!!" she thought, as she forced her sphincter closed, using every bit of strength she had. She wasn't sure, but she thought a drop had gotten out. She moaned in pain, caused by a combination of her restraints and the effort it had taken to avert disaster. She wasn't sure she'd be able to handle whatever Rita had planned next...

####

Billy struck Jason with his Lance, knocking the Red Ranger to the ground. "For you, Mistress!"

"Good boy," the monster said. "But please, call me Rhiannon."

"Yes, Mistress."

"Eh, whatever. Hmm... I think you could use some back up, though." She powered up her horn, chose her target, then fired another powerful beam of energy, engulfing Zack. The Black Ranger slumped over, completely under Rhiannon's control. "Do you hear me, Black Ranger?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Get the Green Ranger!"

Immediately, Zack attacked Tommy, who tried to block without having to hit his friend. "Zack, man, take it easy!"

"Come on, Zack! Fight it, man!" yelled Jason.

"Mistress said get the Green Ranger!"

Zack leapt in the air and delivered a jump kick, knocking Tommy to the ground, where he landed right at Rhiannon's feet. "Your turn, darlin'," she said as she fired her mesmerizing ray at Tommy. The Green Ranger, who had been trying to get up, dropped to his knees in submission.

"I am at your command, Mistress."

The monster grinned, as Billy, Zack and Tommy surrounded Jason. "Three down, one to go..."

####

Drip.

Drip.

Drip.

"WELL, IT SEEMS YOU TWO HANDLED ROUND ONE OK. BUT NOW, LET'S REALLY HAVE SOME FUN!!!"

*WHOOSH!!!*

Suddenly, the dripping sound turned into a gushing sound. Both girls let out loud moans as the sound tortured them and messed with their minds. They wanted to release their bladders so badly already and this was making it worse. At least they had been able to tune out the dripping after a short amount of time. But now this gusher was reminding them of the gushers they wanted to make themselves.

"HAHAHAHA!!! HOW DOES THAT FEEL?! KIMBERLY?"

"Rita, please, stop this. I can't take much more. Please don't make me have an accident!"

"TRINI?"

"I'm in pain. I don't know how much longer I can last!"

"AWWWW. SO SORRY, RANGERS. MAYBE THIS WILL HELP!"

Suddenly, the girls were surrounded by water imagery. Waterfalls. Babbling Brooks. Sprinklers. Hoses. Showers.

Toilets.

Trini and Kimberly groaned and squirmed and closed their eyes. This was too much. Rita was really going to torture them until they wet themselves! Was there any hope of escape?!

####

"Aye aye aye Zordon! The Rhinocesauruscorn has three of the Rangers under her control! And we still haven't been able to get a fix on the girls!"

"RITA IS HOLDING THEM HOSTAGE, WE JUST DON'T KNOW WHY. BUT SHE MUST HAVE THEM IN HER POCKET DIMENSION. IF WE CAN GET THEM OUT, THEN WE SHOULD BE ABLE TO TELEPORT THEM BACK TO EARTH."

"But Zordon, how do we free them from the pocket dimension?"

"JUST DO EXACTLY AS I SAY, ALPHA. WE ARE GOING TO SAVE OUR GIRLS."

####

*WHOOSH*

Kimberly was on the verge of wetting herself. There was no doubt in her mind what the outcome of this situation was. She longed to be able to cross her legs or hold herself or do any number of small other things to relieve the pressure, but it was hopeless. "There's no use delaying the inevitable, I guess." Kim started to relax...

*WHOOSH*

Trini was in unbelievable agony. Her bladder was being squeezed by the metal strap, trapping it inside her abdomen like a trash compactor. Her tummy and her lower back ached from the weight of her bloated bladder. It would be so easy to just let it all out right now...

"HEY! STOP! WHAT'S HAPPENING?!"

The girls could hear Rita shouting, then felt everything around them shaking. Suddenly, they were upside down!

"Trini, what's happening?"

"Hang on Kim!"

Both girls screamed as the restraints disappeared and they started falling. They each let out a few spurts of pee as they suddenly landed on the ground. When they opened their eyes, Rita was sitting on the floor of her palace. Trini looked up and smiled, as she jammed her hands between her legs, while bouncing on her butt. It was the Megazord!

*BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP*

Kim hit a button on her communicator, then held herself with her free hand. "Thanks for the rescue, Zordon!"

"But how did you find us?" Trini asked, while squirming uncontrollably.

"Hold up," said Kim. "Zordon, before we go into details, Trini and I really, REALLY need to go to the bathroom!" Kim was bent over

"Really!" Trini added with a giggle, her legs twisted up like a balloon animal.

"I'M SORRY RANGERS, BUT THERE'S NO TIME. THE RHINOCESAURUSCORN HAS BILLY, ZACK AND TOMMY UNDER HER CONTROL. JASON NEEDS YOUR HELP!"

Both girls groaned. "Stupid Rita," said Trini, casting a death glare at their nemesis. "Let's go help our friends."

Kim turned beet red as she held herself harder. "Ugh, don't say "go!"" Trini smiled and patted Kim on the leg, the Pink Ranger returning the smile. Both girls grimaced as they pulled themselves up to their feet, their bladders pulsing, burning, throbbing, screaming to be emptied. They both reached behind them...

"IT'S MORPHIN TIME!"

"PTERODACTYL!"

"SABERTOOTH TIGER!"

The girls felt themselves being teleported to the city, their bodies temporarily dematerializing, before reforming in the middle of Downtown Angel Grove. They briefly held themselves, before assuming battle stances, at least as much as their bodies would allow them in their current state. They saw the Red Ranger being held by the Blue, Black and Green Rangers, who were dragging him towards the monster. Jason looked up and saw the girls. "Kim! Trini! Am I glad to see you two!" Just as he said that, Rhiannon blasted him, putting him under her power. "JASON!" both girls screamed as the team leader succumbed to the monster's power.

"HAHAHAHA!!!" The monster turned to face the girls. "Well, now that it's just us ladies, allow me to introduce myself. My name is Rhiannon..."

"Yeah, that's nice," said Trini. "But we're in a hurry here?"

"Yeah," said Kim. "Nature calls."

"RHIANNON!!!" Rita's voice boomed overhead. "I WANT THEM TO BE HUMILIATED!!! BEFORE YOU DESTROY THEM... DESTROY THEIR BLADDERS!!!!"

"My pleasure! PUTTIES!! ATTACK!!" The gray foot soldiers appeared, surrounding Kim and Trini. Exasperated, the two girls attacked, more aggressively than either was usually known for being. But Rita was going to learn why you never come between a girl and the bathroom. Trini pulled out her daggers and struck a charging Putty, causing it to instantly disappear. Kim started firing arrows, which struck and disintegrated every Putty they hit. Trini then dove at the monster, throwing he daggers, which bounced off her massive breasts. "Huh?" Kim leapt up, landing on Trini's shoulders. She then fired several arrows, which bounced off the monster as well. "What?!"

"HAHAHAHA!!!" The monster cackled as both girls resumed holding themselves. "Your weapons are useless against my impenetrable armor!" The monster fired an energy blast, which caused both girls to be wracked with pain. They flew through the air and landed on top of a pair of parked cars. "Oh no!" Trini gasped.

"Trini, what is it?"

"I'm leaking!" Trini responded in a horrified whisper.

The monster approached the Rangers, smiling triumphantly. "And now you're mine, Rangers!" She went to grab Trini, but Kim kicked the monster in the face. Rhiannon responded with a slap, knocking Kim back to the ground. She then reached down and picked up Trini. "Say goodnight, Yellow Ranger!" Trini struggled in the monster's grasp, but as she did, she felt her last bit of control vanish. Her face turned bright red under her helmet, as she began flooding her suit. "Oh my God," she thought. "I can't believe I'm wetting myself! And in my Ranger costume, too!" But as embarrassed as she was, at the same time, she couldn't deny how good it felt to finally let it out. She had been in agony, her bladder stretched beyond it's limits, beyond anything she had ever felt before. She let out a sigh of relief, which soon turned into an almost-orgasmic moan. Part of her wouldn't have minded if she kept peeing forever...

Kim looked on in horror as urine began to leak through Trini's suit, turning it a darker shade of yellow. She felt bad for her best friend, but at the same time, watching Trini wet herself only made her need that much worse. Her abdomen was swollen, even through her suit, she looked bloated. It was only a matter of time before her own muscles gave out on her. She at least took comfort in the fact that their humiliation would be shared. The urine started dripping on to Rhiannon's armor...

"AHHHHHHH!!! WHAT IS THIS FOWL SUBSTANCE?! IT BURNS!!!"

Trini snapped out of her reverie and cut off her flow (painful as that was). "Huh?!" Something was hurting the monster! She looked down and saw that the monster's "bra" was melting. Then she realized. "Kim! The monster is harmed by urine!"

"Are you kidding me?! How is that possible?!"

"Who cares, at least we have an excuse to pee!" Trini exclaimed as she resumed her business.

"On the monster?!"

"Do you have to go or not?!"

"IT BURNS!!! MAKE IT STOP!!"

"...Trini, our lives have gotten really weird!"

"Kim, stop whining and just pee, already!"

"NOOO!! MY SERVANTS!!! STOP HER!!!"

Jason, Zack, Billy and Tommy snapped to attention and surrounded Kimberly. Kim assumed a defensive stance, but immediately felt the painful, burning pressure in her bladder. Zack and Billy grabbed her arms, while Tommy and Jason drew their weapons. "Please guys, it's me, Kimberly!" Jason struck with his sword, causing sparks to explode across Kim's chest. "Ow!" Kim felt herself being yanked back up, as Tommy slashed her with his Dagger, causing more sparks. Kim was ready to explode, but she struggled to hold it in. Trini was depending on her, but she didn't know how much more she could take.

Trini was still draining herself over the monster, who's breast armor had completely dissolved by now. "Ugh. Hold on..." Trini cut her stream off again, but she still had plenty left in her tank. "Oh my God, this sucks!" She desperately tried to reposition herself over the monster's lower body. "ARGH!! GREEN RANGER!! STOP THE YELLOW RANGER!!!" Trini got herself in position, but before she could release the rest of her urine, Tommy's Dragon Dagger connected with her chest, causing sparks to fly , along with Trini herself. "AHHHHHHH!!" Trini crashed against a dumpster. "No! Nononono!!" Trini cried out as her bladder emptied the rest of it's contents on it's own. As she sat in a puddle of her own pee, her exhausted bladder totally empty, she realized that it was up to Kimberly now. "Kim, hang on! I'm coming!"

Kim absorbed another blow from Jason's power sword, which not only caused sparks to explode, it ripped through her costume, exposing her bulging abdomen. Rhiannon leaned against a parked car, watching the battle. "GET HER! FORCE THE PISS OUT OF HER!!! BUT ONLY I GET TO DESTROY HER!!" Kim winced as Billy and Zack tightened their grip, her bladder on fire. Trini was in awe at how swollen her friend's bladder really was. Thinking quick, the Yellow Ranger leapt up and struck Zack, then Billy with her daggers. "Sorry, guys!" she said, as she then pivoted in mid-air (much easier now that her bladder wasn't weighing her down) to hit Jason. All three male rangers were knocked to the ground. "Hurry, Kim!"

Kim ran towards the monster, who fired an energy beam at her. Kim dodged and leapt up, but wasn't able to get her usual height. As she drew her bow, she was knocked out of the air by Tommy's Dragon Dagger. The impact tore the rest of the top of her costume, exposing her chest, covered only by her pink bra. She fell to the ground in agony, one hand holding her crotch, while the other rubbed her swollen abdomen. She was dying, she had to pee so bad. She couldn't hold it in much longer, or she would explode. Tommy stood over her, his weapon drawn. Trini moved to help Kim, but was grabbed and thrown aside by Jason, her head crashing against a brick wall, knocking her out. "Trini!" Kim shouted.

"HAHAHAHA!!! Poor Pink Ranger, stripped and helpless. And look at that big target!" Rhiannon laughed, pointing at Kimberly's swollen bladder. "Green Ranger, kick her in the bladder!" Tommy stood over Kim, menacingly. He lifted his foot, but Kim put her hands up. Tommy kicked her hands aside, then stomped down hard on Kim's abdomen. The Pink Ranger whined uncomfortably as her entire stomach was wracked with pain. She could feel the urine starting to leave her bladder, flowing into her urethra. "Oh no!" she gasped in horror. "AGAIN!!!" shouted the monster. Tommy lifted his foot, directly over Kim's bladder...

*THUD*

Trini threw one of her daggers, knocking Tommy's to the ground. As Tommy looked up, the second dagger hit him in the chest, knocking him down. "Kim!"

"Trini, it's coming out!"

"Damn it Kimberly, you will not let a drop out until you're on that monster!"

"I can't help it, Trini! I'm-"

"Jump."

"Huh?"

"Jump towards me, Kim."

"But-"

"Just jump, then get ready to pee!"

"I've BEEN ready to pee, Trini!"

"JUMP!!" yelled Trini

Kim took a running start a leapt as high as her aching bladder would allow her. Trini caught her feet and launched her towards the monster. "Now, Kim! PEE!!!"

"Uhhh!"

As Kim sailed through the air, she felt her last bit of control slip away as her bladder emptied, with more force than she had ever experienced before. Her panties and costume bottom were already soaked before she even landed. She sprayed the monster with her urine as she flew towards it, landing crotch-to-crotch with her.

"ARGH!! STOP IT!!!!" the monster screamed, her voice dripping with agony. "YOU'RE BURNING ME!!!"

Trini watched as the monster smoked and began to spark. "Keep it up, Kim! You've got her!" Trini couldn't believe how forcefully Kim's pee was coming out of her. Her own stream had been slow and steady and lasted a while, but Kim had a waterfall coming of her out of her.

“Gawd that feels goooood...” moaned Kim.

“STOP IT!”

Kim had dissolved the monster’s metal panties. “Got anything left, Kim?” asked Trini.

“A bit,” answered Kim, still in a daze.

Trini nodded, then launched herself at the monster, hitting her hard in the chest with her daggers. “Kim, finish her off! Pee on her face!”

“...seriously?!”

“KIM! Do it!”

Kim sighed and arched her back, causing some of her urine to flow onto the monster’s face.

“NO!! STOP!! I CAN’T TAKE ANYMORE!!!”

The monster was smoking and sparking hard now.

“Trini, I think I’m done!”

“Good job, Kim! I think I have enough reserves to end this fight!”

With that, Trini leapt into the air and landed in a squatting position over the monster’s face. As Kim rolled off and sprawled on the ground, exhausted, Trini forced another long stream, drowning the monster’s face in pee.

“NOOOOOO!!! I CAN’T BELIEVE IT!!” yelled Rita as her monster sparked and smoked, then exploded! Trini lost her balance and fell on her butt, the remaining pee she had in her forming another small puddle under her. The Yellow Ranger breathed a sigh of relief. They had defeated the monster and finally relieved themselves. The other Rangers shook their heads, trying to clear their mind’s of the monster’s control.

“Man, what happened?” asked Zack.

“I feel completely discombobulated.” said Billy.

“Kim? Trini?” Tommy noticed the two female Rangers, particularly Kimberly, who’s bra-covered chest was exposed to her teammates.

“What happened to you two?” asked Jason, noticing their soaked costumes.

“It’s a long story,” said Trini with a smile.

“But if it makes you guys feel better, it was totally gross!” added Kim.

The two girls laughed, as the guys looked confused…

*003*2020-06-22 12:23

I appreciate the feedback. This is the longest story I've ever written and there's still more coming! Just because I'm anal about these things, however, the following was supposed to be at the end of this chapter, but I forgot to move it from the second chapter lol

####

"NO I CAN'T BELIEVE IT!!!" Rita screamed in frustration. "FINSTER!!! WHY DID YOU MAKE A MONSTER THAT WOULD BE HARMED BY URINE!!!"

"I'm sorry, my queen! I-i didn't know!!"

"UGH! I CAN'T DEAL WITH THIS INCOMPETENCE!!!!"

####

Chapter two is in progress. As I told Life is Strange, I was struggling with the idea I had not working as well as it did in my head. But I'm hoping to have it done sooner rather than later.

*005*2020-06-23 13:48

I'm hoping to complete chapter two today. I came up with a reworking of my original plan that hits all the marks I wanted to. I just need to edit the beginning of it, then write through to the end. So hopefully tonight, tomorrow at the latest.

*007*2020-07-18 15:27

Normally, I would never release a chapter I wasn't totally satisfied with, but I worked myself into a hole and just wanted to get this one done. The next chapter will feature Aisha and Scorpina and won't be ready for a while. With that said, here is the Rita chapter:

Two weeks later...

Kimberly was fixing her hair in the mirror when a toilet flushed. A few moments later, Trini came out of the stall, a relieved smile adorning her face. It was around 11am and the two were in the restroom at school. Trini approached Kim with her hand extended for a high five. "Girl, I feel like five pounds lighter!"

"Ew, Trini! Wash your hands!"

Trini blushed. "Oh. Right," she said, with a sheepish grin. She went to the sink next to Kim and washed her hands. "I'm so glad we got Ms. Higgins to write a note for all our teachers, excusing us to use the bathroom. I was getting tired of feeling like camel!"

"I know," said Kim. "Not to mention..." she lowered her voice, just in case anyone walked in on them. "... wetting ourselves in a big fight wasn't exactly our finest moment as Power Rangers."

"Hey, our bladders were the real heroes, Kim!" Trini giggled. She again offered her hand for a high five, which Kim accepted, in spite of herself.

"Trini, that is soooo gross!" Kimberly said, giggling as hard as her best friend. "So, I think the presentation went well."

"Definitely," said Trini. The girls had just come from health class, where they had delivered their report on hydration. "I'm just glad to be done with this project. I've never peed so much in my life!"

Kim put her hand over her stomach. "Tell me about it. Just thinking about it makes my bladder hurt!"

Trini put a hand on Kim's shoulder, as the bell rang. "Let's get going." The girls grabbed their bags and exited the restroom, joining Jason, Zack, Billy and Tommy, who were just coming from their previous class.

"So how'd the report go?" asked Tommy.

"Great," said Kim, giving her boyfriend a hug.

"It's impressive that you girls were able to imbibe so much liquid and manage to endure the excessive micturition."

"Huh?" asked Zack.

"He's impressed by our ability to drink and pee so much." Trini translated.

"Hey, no pain, no gain," said Kim with a laugh.

"At least now, we can take it easy with our intake," said Trini.

"Yeah, but," Jason began, his voice in a whisper. "What about Rita? What if she tries that truck again?"

Kimberly and Trini looked at each other and smiled. "It's been taken care of."

###

"HAHAHAHAHA!!!" Rita leaned into her telescope, watching the Rangers. "JUST WAIT UNTIL THOSE RANGERS ARE SUBJECTED TO MY SPELL!! I WARNED THEM, THEY ONLY THINK THEY KNOW WHAT IT FEELS LIKE TO HAVE TO PEE!!!!" She walked over to her spell table and sat down, holding her wand over the skulls and candles.

"OOH MA RA SHAH!!

BLADDER SITTING EMPTY!!

FILL IT UP PROMPTLY!!

SHAH RAH FAH!!!

I BEQUEATH TO THEE!!

A DESPERATE URGE TO PEE!!"

A blast of energy emitted from the wand, but for some reason, instead of hitting the earth, it bounced and hit Rita instead! "WHAT?! OH NO!!!"

Goldar and Scorpina came running. "What's wrong, my queen?" asked Goldar, concerned.

"I... I think I cast the spell on myself!"

"What does that mean?" Scorpina asked, concerned.

Rita started squirming. "I... Have... To... GO."

Rita pushed past her two soldiers, nearly knocking Scorpina to the ground. She ran up the stairs of her massive palace, to her private chambers. When she reached her private toilet and opened the door, however.

"HELLO!"

"HELLO!"

It was the Power Rangers' friends, Bulk and Skull! Rita looked at the two punk teenagers.

"AAAHHHHHHH!!!"

"AAAHHHHHHH!!!!"

"AAAHHHHHHH!!!!"

"WHAT ARE YOU TWO IMBECILES DOING HERE?!"

"Actually, the bigger question is WHERE is here?" Bulk replied.

"THOSE WRETCHED POWER RANGERS!!! THEY DID THIS!!!"

"Is that what happened?" asked Skull. "All I remember being at school, talking to Kimberly, who was actually being nice to me, then I felt a tingle, then we were here!"

"Was it a tingle? I thought it was more of a spark," said Bulk.

"Nah, it wasn't painful like a spark, it was like a massage almost..."

"SHUT UP!!! BOTH OF YOU SHUT UP!!"

"Whoa, take it easy lady!"

"Yeah, relax!"

"YOU TWO ARE GIVING ME A HEADACHE!! NOW GET OUT OF MY BATHROOM!!"

"Yeah, ok, right away Miss!"

Bulk and Skull both tried to exit the bathroom at the same time, falling over each other in the process. Rita put her hand over her face. She had to pee like nobody's business and the Power Rangers had set her up!

"GET OUT OF MY WAY, YOU NUMBSKULLS!!!"

Rita stepped across Bulk's back as she rushed into the bathroom. But the toilet lid wouldn't budge!

"WHAT?! WHAT DID YOU MORONS DO?!"

"Us? Nothing!" Skull said.

"We would never do anything to your toilet, Miss!"

"OH YEAH?! WELL I AM ORDERING YOU TO GET THE LID UP!! NOW!!"

"Y-y-yes ma'am!" Bulk stammered.

Rita hopped from foot to foot, anxiously. She had to go so badly, her spell that was meant for Kimberly and Trini. "Zordon must have cast a protection spell on them!" she thought. "And it bounced back twice as bad on me!"

Rita grabbed herself through her dress, trying to hold back the contents of her aching bladder. But she needed the toilet as soon as possible, because magically-induced desperation was worse than normal desperation. Or at least, it was in this case, because Rita had wanted to make the Pink and Yellow Rangers piss themselves. But now she was the one in danger of having an embarrassing accident.

"ARE YOU TWO IDIOTS DONE YET??!!!"

"Um, not exactly, Miss," said Bulk.

"WHAT DO YOU MEAN "NOT EXACTLY"?!"

"We mean, the lid is stuck," said Skull.

"WELL, GET IT UNSTUCK!!!"

"We tried!"

"YOU MORONS!!! TRY HARDER!!!"

Bulk grabbed the lid and yanked on it. It didn't budge.

"Um... Yeah, it's stuck."

"NOOO!!!!" Rita screamed in frustration and discomfort. "GET OUT OF MY WAY, MORONS!!!"

Rita grabbed her wand as Bulk and Skull rushed to move out of this angry woman's way. She aimed her wand at the toilet lid, which popped open...

...Along with a huge flood of water!!!

"WHAT'S THIS?!" Rita shouted as water shot out of the toilet, drenching her, along with Bulk and Skull. Bulk and Skull tripped over each other, as Rita crossed her legs tightly. She grabbed her crotch, trying to hold back her waters. She was about to burst, but she wasn't about to piss herself in front of these humans. No, she had to hold it. She climbed on top of the bathtub, as the room was flooded with water. All that water was making her more desperate. Then it occurred to her that she was standing on the edge of the tub. She could pee down the drain!

Rita hiked up her skirt and squatted on the edge of the tub. But just as she was about to release, she heard Goldar's voice.

"My queen! Are you ok?! There's water leaking from your chambers!"

Goldar burst into the room as Rita desperately tried to cover herself. "YOU FOOL! GET OUT!"

But it was too late, as Goldar slid across the floor, barreling over Bulk and Skull in the process, as he slammed into Rita, knocking her into the tub! "NOOOO!!!"

But it was too late. Rita simply couldn't hold on any longer and her bladder let go. Piss flooded out of Rita, into the tub. She could feel her dress getting wet from the hot urine flowing out of her.

"My queen... I'm sorry..."

"YOU DOLT!! GET THOSE TWO!!"

Dutifully, Goldar lunged at Bulk and Skull, who suddenly disappeared. Rita stood up, soaked with pee.

"THOSE POWER RANGERS!!! THEY'LL PAY FOR THIS!!!"

###

Back in the Command Center, the Rangers were laughing as they watched Rita's plight on the Viewing Globe.

"Hah, that'll teach Rita!" Zack shouted.

"Thanks, Zordon," said Kimberly.

"YOU ARE WELCOME, RANGERS. I BELIEVE RITA WILL THINK TWICE ABOUT TRYING HER TRICKS ON YOU AGAIN."

Zordon was happy to help the Rangers get revenge. Of course, part of it was selfish, as he enjoyed humiliating his longtime enemy. But he would do anything for his Rangers, and if anyone did anything to them, he would make them pay...

The end...

For now...

*009*2021-02-16 17:55

New chapter!!

It was a sunny Friday afternoon in Angel Grove. School had let out for the weekend and the six teens known as the Power Rangers had decided to celebrate the weekend with a picnic. Kimberly and Aisha had prepared sandwiches, the guys had brought music and games. After enjoying their meal, the group broke off into individual activities. Tommy and Rocky practiced Karate, Billy, Adam and Kimberly played Frisbee. As for Aisha, she decided to take a walk along the pond. The Yellow Ranger wore a denim overalls dress, with a yellow t-shirt and black aerobic shorts underneath. As she strolled along, enjoying the fresh air and the chirping of birds, she found herself zoning out, beginning to daydream. However, her reverie was about to be broken...

"YELLOW RANGER!!"

Aisha looked up to see Scorpina standing atop the hill.

"Scorpina! It's morphin' time!"

Aisha pulled out her morpher, but Scorpina fired a blast from her fingers, knocking it out of the black teen's hands. "Ow!"

"So sorry," Scorpina said with a sneer. "But I've been waiting for this!" Scorpina fired another blast, this one hit Aisha in the chest and knocked her backwards.

"AHHHH!!"

The teen felt herself falling towards the pond, but at the last second, a portal opened behind her, sucking her in. Just as the teen disappeared, the others arrived on the scene.

"Aisha!" Billy shouted.

"HELP ME!!!" Aisha shrieked, as the portal closed.

"Scorpina!" Tommy shouted.

"What do you want with Aisha?!" Kimberly demanded.

Scorpina just laughed. "PUTTIES!! ATTACK!!"

A group of Putty Patrollers appeared before the Rangers. The five teens assumed fighting stances. "Take care of them, Putties!! Don't worry about your friend, Rangers. I have something special planned for her!" With that, Scorpina disappeared. The Putties charged the Rangers, who leapt into action.

###

"Oh, my head..." Aisha groaned. She lay on the cold, damp, muddy ground. She sat up and looked around. She was in a poorly-lit, cold cave or dungeon. There was a dampness in the air around her and she shivered. It reeked of feces and urine, and there was the sound of running water in the distance. "Well this is pretty gross," she said with a chuckle. "I hope there's at least a bathroom in this place!"

A flash of light appeared, signaling the arrival of Scorpina.

"Welcome to my home, Yellow Ranger! Isn't it lovely? I was sure to tidy it up before you got here."

"Aw, thanks! I'd say I hope you didn't go to any trouble, but I think I have to worry about that."

"Is that anyway to talk to your host? By the way, can I get you anything? A glass of water, perhaps? Yes? Here you go." A large glass filled with water appeared in her hand. She offered it to Aisha.

"No thanks," the teen replied. "You got a bathroom in this place?"

"Oh, Aisha. We're getting reacquainted. How've you been? I see you're still wearing the same tired hairdo."

"Yeah, well, you know. You're looking well. Still got the same trashy taste in clothes. How many times I gotta tell you, girl? Gold does not look good with your complexion."

"Hey, don't hate just because you can't pull it off. Now, I got you a glass of water, be a dear an drink up."

"Hmph. Some host you are. I think I asked for the bathroom?"

Scorpina laughed. "I believe I hold the power in this situation. It would be in your best interests to cooperate. Now drink."

Aisha looked at the scorpion woman, then at the glass. With a lightning-quick move, she spin kicked Scorpina's arm, knocking the glass to the ground. Another kick sent Scorpina to the ground.

"Don't make me ask again. Bathroom?"

Scorpina snarled, then raised her hand, zapping Aisha with a powerful blast of white light. "Oh!" Aisha dodged, but her arm got hit. As she rubbed her elbow, Scorpina fired a second blast, this one hit her head on in the chest, causing her to crumble to the ground.

"Ugh..." She felt dizzy. Scorpina stood over her, an evil smirk on her face.

"I guess we're going to have to do this the hard way..." Scorpina tapped Aisha's forehead and immediately, the girl passed out...

###

"Hi-yah!"

"Si-kai-yah!"

"Ki-yah!"

The Rangers were holding their own with the Putties, as Billy and Tommy took out a pair of the gray foot soldiers in unison, then allowed Kimberly to launch off their shoulders to take out two additional Putties. Rocky and Adam had likewise taken care of their business as the five teens regrouped.

"What does Scorpina want with Aisha?" Adam wondered.

"Whatever it is, it's trouble," Rocky replied.

"She was transported through a dimensional warp. Scorpina must have sent her to her lair, wherever that is."

"Do you think you can find her, Billy?" Kimberly asked, hopefully.

"With the Command Center's computer and Alpha's help, I should be able to."

"Then let's not waste any time, guys," replied Tommy. With that, the five teens teleported away in columns of white, red, black, blue and pink.

###

"Blast those Rangers!" Scorpina shouted. "They'll ruin everything!" She looked up at towards the sky. "LORD ZEDD! I NEED A MONSTER TO KEEP THE OTHER RANGERS BUSY!"

"DONE. BUT NEVER TELL ME WHAT TO DO AGAIN!!"

Scorpina sighed, then walked over to Aisha. The unconscious teenager was chained to a large boulder. "That will keep your friends from interrupting our fun." She conjured another glass of water. "Wake up!" She tapped Aisha on the forehead and the girl woke with a start.

"Where am I?!" She looked up at Scorpina. "Oh great. You." She tried to stand, only to find her wrists and ankles bound as she straddled the large rock. "Seriously?"

Scorpina smiled. "Now, Yellow Ranger, let's try this again," she said, holding the glass in front of Aisha's mouth. "Drink." She pushed the glass to the girl's lips and tilted it. Aisha had no choice but to lean her head back and open her mouth. Scorpina poured the liquid down her throat. Aisha thought she would choke, as she was forced to down the whole glass.

"Mmph!! Hey! What's the big idea?!" she asked, coughing.

"Oh, you'll see, my dear. Let's just say you're going to be the Yellow Ranger in more ways than one..."

###

Back at the Command Center, Billy was working at the computer, with the help of Alpha Five.

*WHEW* *WHEW* *WHEW*

"Oh no!" Kimberly yelled.

"RANGERS, OBSERVE THE VIEWING GLOBE."

On the screen, appeared a vile looking creature. It had grotesque brown talons for feet, with scaly horns on it's legs. It had a long, grey tail, spikes on it's back and shoulders, and a long, tubular neck. Its mouth and nose were curved into a razor-sharp beak. On its stomach, even more scales and flaps of skin. The monster fired red lasers at people in the park, causing them to scream and run. One teen girl tried to run, but tripped and fell to her knees. The monster stepped in front of her.

"No need to bow to me, sweetheart, but I appreciate it," he said with a laugh. Then, one of the flaps of skin on his stomach opened, revealing a hose. "Oh yeah, that's right!" the monster cackled as he coated the girl in white plaster. The girl screamed as she was engulfed in the stuff. "Oh, quit your crying!" The monster then blasted the helpless girl with a red laser beam. The heat from the beam dried the plaster coating the girl and burnt off the excess. When he was done, what remained was a statue of this poor girl, kneeling in front of the monster, eyes wide, a look of horror frozen on her face. As the screen went blank, the Rangers looked at each other, shocked.

"POWER RANGERS, THIS IS LORD ZEDD'S COCKDUSA MONSTER. AS YOU CAN SEE, HE HIDES A GIANT HOSE UNDER HIS SKIN FLAPS, WHICH CAN TURN PEOPLE INTO STATUES. HE MUST BE DEFEATED AT ALL COSTS. BILLY, YOU WILL REMAIN HERE TO CONTINUE THE SEARCH FOR AISHA.

AS FOR THE REST OF YOU, GO, QUICKLY. AND MAY THE POWER PROTECT YOU."

Tommy, Kimberly, Rocky and Adam reached for their Morphers.

"It's morphin' time!

TIGERZORD!"

"MASTODON!"

"PTERODACTYL!"

"TYRANNOSAURUS!"

The four teens, now in their Ranger costumes, teleported from the Command Center and landed in Angel Grove Park. They watched as the monster sprayed his plaster at a young couple who tried to run.

"Guys! Look!" Rocky called to his teammates. The monster zapped the two teens with his laser, completing the transformation into statues.

"Aw man!" Tommy said. "We've gotta stop this thing!"

The monster turned his attention to the four costumed teens. "Ah, Power Rangers. I've been expecting you! Lord Zedd gave me my orders, bring you to him as trophies, celebrating his conquest of Earth!"

"I don't think so, scale-brain!" Adam said defiantly. "Clearly, Zedd didn't tell you who you're dealing with!"

"Oh really? Time to show you who's the real cock of the walk!"

The monster drew a large lance from under one of his skin flaps.

"Ok guys, be careful, but let's get him!" Tommy said.

"Right!" the others agreed.

The four Rangers charged the monster. Each landed a few blows, before the creature lashed out with his lance. He scratched Rocky and Adam, then Kimberly, sending them all spiraling back to where they started. Tommy drew his own weapon, Saba, the talking sword. "Let's get him, White Ranger!" Tommy wiped at the monster, only to get blocked. Cockdusa hit Tommy with his lance, knocking him to ground. The others rushed over to help him up.

"Tommy, are you ok?"

"Yeah. Man, that thing packs a punch!"

"Now then, Rangers, who will be the first to join Lord Zedd's trophy case? Do I have any volunteers?"

"Sorry, pal. We're gonna be sending you back to Zedd empty-handed!" Rocky said defiantly.

"Ah, Red Ranger! I guess you're first!"

The monster's hose suddenly burst from his chest and sprayed plaster towards Rocky. He dodged the attack, then leapt in the air. He went to kick Cockdusa, only to be knocked out of the air by the monster's weapon. Rocky pulled himself up and assumed a fighting stance, as the monster sprayed his plaster.

"AAAHHHHH!!!"

"ROCKY!" Adam called out.

"Oh no!" Kimberly exclaimed.

Rocky was covered in the white goo now. The monster zapped the Red Ranger with his laser, sealing him as a statue.

"HAHAHAHA!!!! One down, three to go!!!"

###

Scorpina stood over Aisha, holding another glass of water.

"Come on, Ranger. Drink."

Aisha shook her head, begging off. "Please, no more!" She had already been forced to drink four glasses and she felt so bloated. Her tummy ached and her bladder felt so swollen in her abdomen. If she drank anymore, she was afraid she would pop! "Man, I gotta go to the bathroom!" she moaned. She struggled against her bonds, trying in vain to break the magic chains. Scorpina grabbed her by the hair and forced her head back.

"When I say drink, you drink," she growled, before forcing the contents of the glass down the poor girl's throat. By this point, Aisha was at least used to having to down the whole glass, as she got it down in three gulps. But the whole time, she felt like her bladder was protesting the additional liquid. This was unlike anything she had ever felt before. She felt like she was going to vomit and wet her pants at the same time!

"Ugh," she groaned, after she was sure she could keep the liquid down. "I think I'm gonna puke..."

"There's only one way that water is leaving your body, Yellow Ranger. Now, stand up!" She commanded, as she pointed her sword at Aisha. Her chains disappeared, much to her relief. Well, not TOO much relief, she thought with a bitter chuckle. "Stand up, but no funny business." Aisha slowly stood, her legs stiff from sitting for too long, her ankles sore from the chains. She tried to stand up straight, but she had to go so bad, that she couldn't help but squirm. Scorpina watched, amused by her prisoner's predicament. Aisha shifted her weight from foot to foot, attempting to keep the pressure off her painfully full bladder.

"Scorpina, please! I'm about to burst!"

"Oh, you poor thing," said the evil scorpion woman, mockingly. "Do you need the widdle girls room, widdle Wellow Wanger?" Aisha blushed. "Are you gonna have an accident?"

"What's your deal?!" Aisha asked, crossing her legs and bending forward.

"Oh I've been planning this for quite some time. Ever since our first encounter, when you knew me as Sabrina..."

Aisha remembered. Scorpina had disguised herself as a teenager named Sabrina, to get to Adam. She and Aisha had not hit it off, to say the least. Aisha strongly disliked her and believed that Scorpina felt the same way about her. When the villainess had revealed her true nature, it was cathartic for her to unleash her venom towards Lord Zedd's henchwoman. Now however, she was eager to unleash a very different venom.

"I have been waiting for the chance to have you all to myself, Yellow Ranger. To have my way with you. To make you suffer, to make you squirm, to make you wet..."

Aisha couldn't believe what she was hearing. Scorpina wanted to torture her! "Do you hate me that much?!"

"Hate you?" Scorpina looked genuinely surprised. "Oh no, on the contrary, I like you a lot, Aisha." The Yellow Ranger was shocked that Scorpina had used her name. "In fact, "like" might not be the correct word. You see, Aisha, I wasn't after Adam at all. YOU were the true object of my desire." Scorpina took a step towards Aisha, who put up her hands in an attack stance. Scorpina smiled and waved her sword. Aisha immediately felt her muscles lock in place. Scorpina circled her, nodding as she admired the frozen teen's body. Her hips, her breasts, her legs, her swollen stomach... She couldn't wait to get her hands on everything....

###

Adam, Kimberly and Tommy surrounded Cockdusa. Adam had his Power Axe drawn, Kimberly her bow, Tommy wielded Saba. "Ready guys? Let's go!"

Tommy led the charge, slashing the monster, who kicked him and knocked him to the ground. Kimberly fired some arrows, but the monster fired his lasers, disintegrating them. Adam leapt with his axe, but the monster whipped out his hose, which knocked the axe from Adam's hands and sent him crashing to the ground. Kimberly ran over. "Adam, are you ok?"

"Kim, look out!" Adam shouted, but it was too late. The monster sprayed them both with his plaster. "OOOHHHHH!"

"UGH!" was all Kimberly could get out as the white substance coated her body. The monster cackled as he zapped the Black and Pink Rangers with his laser. The excess plaster broke off, leaving two more perfect statues. Both were in defensive poses, Adam's legs bent, his arms up, hands in front of his face. Kim was on one foot, her arms up, in an awkward crane stance. Her plastered form fell over, hitting the ground with a thud.

"Well, White Ranger, now it's just you and me!"

###

"Ai-yi-yi-yi-yi! Billy, Tommy's in trouble! Rocky, Adam and Kimberly have been turned into statues!"

"BILLY. HAVE YOU LOCATED AISHA?"

"Well Zordon, if my calculations are correct, I should be able to teleport to just outside the cave I think Scorpina is holding her in."

"THEN THERE IS NO TIME TO LOSE. YOU MUST RESCUE AISHA, THEN HELP TOMMY DEFEAT THE MONSTER AND FREE THE OTHERS. GOOD LUCK AND MAY THE POWER PROTECT YOU."

Billy pulled out his morpher. "It's morphin' time!

TRICERATOPS!"

Billy transformed and disappeared from the Command Center.

###

"Oh my God, I gotta go!!" Aisha thought. She had been paralyzed by Scorpina's spell, leaving her frozen, unable to move, other than her eyes and the rise and fall of her chest, both involuntary actions. Her stomach and bladder ached from all the water she had been forced to consume. She was grateful that the paralysis didn't extend to her extremities, as it meant she could use her muscles to hold back her waters.

"Poor Aisha. You must need the bathroom so badly right now. I bet your bladder feels like it's going to explode. But what if we could redirect that sensation? Make something else explode, instead?"

Aisha didn't know what this crazy chick was talking about, until Scorpina waved her wand at her. Immediately, Aisha felt a warm tingle in her lower regions. If her mouth wasn't frozen, she would have let out a moan of pleasure. It felt sooo good! "Wait, is she trying to get me off?!"

Scorpina giggled as Aisha's legs trembled involuntarily. Her eyes stayed focused on the Yellow Ranger's swollen tummy. Knowing that she must be dying to relieve herself was a huge turn-on. Feeling her own bladder signalling to be emptied, Scorpina clenched her sphincter muscles, briefly crouching as she pressed her thighs together, briefly suppressing the urge. Taking her sword, she gently touched Aisha's bladder with it. The girl's body trembled.

"Oh my gosh don't do that!" Aisha thought. This was embarrassing for the teen, being frozen in place, on the verge of wetting herself, and now being teased by this villainess who apparently had the hots for her? "Who knew being a Power Ranger would get this weird?!"

"Oh, did that sting, my dear?" Scorpina asked with a wicked laugh. She looked at the Yellow Ranger's face. Though she wore a determined expression, one fitting her current battle posture, the villainess knew that the girl must be freaking out. It made her tingle between her legs as she thought about all that pent-up liquid the teen must be ready to let go of. Her gaze went back to Aisha's tummy. It was pressing against her clothes, clearly being pushed from the outside, just a tiny little bump. "All that liquid being held in such a tiny little bladder," she said, taunting Aisha. She leaned in close to the girl, causing another involuntary tremble. Aisha felt a couple of drops come out.

"No!" she thought, desperately squeezing every muscle she had.

Scorpina pressed her mouth to Aisha's ear. "I have to pee," she said in a breathless whisper.

"SCORPINA!"

The scorpion lady looked up, startled, as the Blue Ranger stood at the entrance of the cave.

"You!" Scorpina drew her sword and lunged at the Blue Ranger. Billy dodged the attack and kicked the sword out of Scorpina's hand. As it clattered to floor, a flash went off. Scorpina froze in place. So did Billy. Aisha felt her limbs go limp and almost collapsed. She gasped as she crouched down, her bladder screaming at her to release the rest of her load.

"Billy!" Aisha walked over and picked up Scorpina's sword. "I hope this works." She pointed the sword at Billy. "Come on. Unfreeze. Unfreeze!" The sword glowed and so did Billy.

"Whoa. Thanks, Aisha."

"No problem. Man, I gotta pee!"

Billy laughed. "Well, I can step out to give you some privacy."

Aisha smiled gratefully, but was interrupted by Zordon's voice.

"THERE IS NO TIME. TOMMY HAS JUST BEEN TURNED INTO A STATUE. YOU ARE THE ONLY ONES LEFT WHO CAN DEFEAT COCKDUSA."

"Say what?" Aisha asked, holding herself and dancing in place.

"It's a long story," said Billy. "We're on our way, Zordon." Billy teleported out. Aisha looked over at the frozen Scorpina. She stood in a battle pose, her sword hand raised, a look of rage on her face.

"I'll be back for you," Aisha said with a smile. She pulled out her morpher. "It's morphin' time!

SABERTOOTH TIGER!"

Aisha, now in her Yellow Ranger costume, teleported out of the cave. Scorpina remained, frozen in place, but aware. Her bladder was very full, but she was determined to hold it. She knew Aisha would be back. She couldn't wait, so she would wait...

###

Billy and Aisha flipped through the sky and landed in front of Cockdusa. To the monster's left was Tommy, now a statue. The White Ranger was posed holding Saba, crouched down in a defensive position. Aisha took one look at the monster and thought, "what the hell?!" Assuming battle stances, the Blue and Yellow Rangers confronted the monster.

"Ah, so there are two more of you!" Cockdusa squawked, gleefully. "Excellent, Lord Zedd will be so pleased!"

"Forget it, lizard-breath!" Aisha said defiantly. "I've got more pressing businesses to deal with!"

Aisha and Billy charged the monster, kicking and punching him. Cockdusa blocked, then delivered two fists to the chest, sending both Rangers to the ground.

"Hahaha! Ok Rangers!!" Two hoses withdrew from his chest. "As the song goes... Strike a pose!" Plaster began to spray from both hoses. Billy and Aisha raised their arms, trying to block the spray of plaster. "Billy! I can't... Move... DAMN I HAVE TO PEE!!!"

Both Rangers were soon covered in the sticky white stuff. The monster cackled with glee. "And now for the final touches!" His eyes glowed as lasers struck both Rangers, burning off any unneeded plaster, leaving two perfect statues. Cockdusa had done what he was sent to do. All six Power Rangers had been turned into statues. Lord Zedd would be pleased...

*HISS*

"What's that?" Cockdusa wondered. He looked around, then noticed that plaster coating the Yellow Ranger, specifically around her crotch, was cracking, as a liquid seemed to be pouring from somewhere within her body. "Huh?"

"Oh my gosh," Aisha thought. Her face was burning bright red under her helmet as she pissed herself. "This is soooo humiliating!!" But as her bladder finally released it's contents, she realized two things. First of all, she felt a WHOLE lot better. Secondly, she could feel a draft between her legs. The plaster was dissolving! She decided to try moving her legs and gave a thrust with her left leg, splitting the plaster around her hips and legs clear in half! She had freedom!

"Impossible!" Cockdusa screamed.

Aisha thrust her body forward, tipping herself to the ground. The rest of the plaster broke into pieces! She was free! Scrambling to her feet, Aisha still had a full bladder. But she was smiling under her helmet. "Well Cockdusa, looks like you're not as powerful as you thought you were! Especially since I know your weakness, and I happen to have plenty to spare! Hang in there guys! I'll be back!" Aisha touched her morpher and teleported away.

###

Aisha appeared in the Command Center. Alpha ran up to her. "Ai-yi-yi-yi-yi! Aisha! Thank goodness you're ok!"

"Thanks, Alpha. But there's no time!" she replied, squirming and crossing her legs. "Zordon, I need a jar." A large glass jar appeared in Aisha's hands. "Great. I'll be back!" Aisha said, running off to the bathroom. A few minutes later, she was back, a jar full of pale, yellow urine. "Man, I feel like a whole new woman! Cockdusa, it's time to stop you and free my friends! I'm morphing back to action!"

###

Aisha returned to the park, where the monster had remained. "Ah, Yellow Ranger! Shall we continue?"

"You stayed here that whole time? Like, I was gone a whole ten minutes, you know."

"Yes, and I've been waiting for you!"

"But... I peed in a jar. I'm gonna use that pee to free my friends and stop you."

"Nobody can stop me!"

"I literally escaped by pissing myself. You can be stopped. By urine. If I were you, I'd be more concerned."

"Your words mean nothing, Ranger!"

Aisha shook her head. "Oookay. Now I get why Zedd hasn't conquered earth yet." Aisha assumed a battle stance, holding the jar of pee, ready to strike. "Time to drink piss, jackass!" Aisha tilted the jar, dousing the monster with pee.

"AHHHH!! WHAT IS THIS FOUL SUBSTANCE!!" The monster smoked and sizzled, sparks flying as he fell to the ground.

"Dude, I TOLD YOU what I was gonna do!" Aisha turned to her friends and used the rest of the urine in the jar to free them from the plaster.

"Ugh. Thanks, Aisha," said Adam.

"Ew, Aisha! I love you, girl, but not enough to let you pee on me!" Kimberly said, while hugging her friend.

"What's up with monsters being hurt by pee?" Tommy asked. Everyone looked at Billy. The Blue Ranger shrugged.

"I'm not an expert on monster physiology," he replied. "I would guess it's like if we were digested, the stomach acid corrode our skin. Human urine is very acidic, I imagine it would have a deteriorating effect on the skin of a monster." He gestures at the monster, who was decayed and still sparking.

"Um, isn't this usually the part where the monster grows?" Rocky asked.

As if in response, the monster exploded. "Well, I guess that takes care of that," Tommy said.

"Yeah, but what about them?" Adam asked, pointing at the other statues. Aisha looked at her friends and grinned.

"You guys got this right? Great! I've got some unfinished business to take care of!" Aisha teleported away before anyone could say anything. The others just looked at each other.

"Um... Anyone drink a lot of water today?" Kim asked, as they all laughed...

TO BE CONTINUED...

*011*2021-02-16 18:53

I got so meta at the end lol there is more to Aisha and Scorpina's story coming, though...

*014*2021-06-22 07:17

{{On 4/25/2021 at 7:55 PM, LifeIsStrange said:

Damn looks like the author deactivated their account, so it looks like someone else is going to have to continue this story.

}}

I'll continue my own stories, thanks. Yep, I'm back. Needed to step back for a bit, for the sake of my mental health. I love this place, but sometimes, people can be demanding, without meaning to be. Not referring to you or anyone specifically, but compared to other communities I'm a part of online, I feel a certain pressure here, that I don't feel elsewhere.

So yeah, as far as this story goes, I will continue it eventually. I've been working on other (non-omo related) projects elsewhere, which presently have my attention. Plus, I do my best work when I'm motivated. As you all may have noticed, I don't write by-the-numbers Omo. I like writing stories that are different from everything else. And when I get a good idea or a spark of inspiration, I will absolutely post it.

I probably won't be posting much here for a while, but I had gotten some messages on omo.online, so I wanted to pop in and let everyone know that I'm ok.

*017*2021-06-22 17:25

Thank you both. Like I said, it was nobody in particular, I tend to put a lot of pressure on myself as well. I also dropped the ball on a project elsewhere, due to being ill during the time I was writing it. That broke my confidence a bit, though I've been doing more stuff on DA, including some more chapters of WWE Omo. I'll add the link to my profile when I'm on my laptop.

*019*2021-07-21 14:08

Part four!

Scorpina had remained frozen for what had only been less than hour, but felt like much longer. "I feel like haven't pissed in five months!" she thought. Her bladder throbbed inside her. Despite being an alien, her humanoid form meant a human physiology. She was desperate to release her urine, but not until the Yellow Ranger returned. She suspected there was still some fun for the two of them to have. As if her thoughts had been projected to her target, she heard a crackling noise and felt the presence of good energy entering her cave. She would have smiled if she could have. Aisha was back.

"Well Scorpina, I'm glad you stayed right where I left you," the Yellow Ranger said with an almost wicked inflection. Despite being one of the good guys, she knew she was going to enjoy tormenting her arch-rival. She walked over, cautiously, just in case Scorpina had any tricks up her sleeve. Her jaw dropped when she saw the henchwoman's stomach. It was swollen and distended. Reaching out her hand, she allowed her middle and ring fingers to prod her tummy. Rock hard. Aisha felt a tingle between her legs as she imagined what Scorpina must be feeling. Suddenly, she felt a strong compulsive need to drink some water. She spied a small stream further in the cavern. She remembered hearing the faint sound of rushing water earlier, as it wreaked havoc on her poor bladder. Now, that same stream was her salvation, as she rushed over and dropped to her hands and knees. She began greedily lapping up the water, attempting to quench her thirst.

Scorpina laughed to herself. When she initially brought the Yellow Ranger to her lair, she had created an enchantment around a certain area of the cave. Clearly, Aisha had activated it. Now, she would be mindlessly compelled to drink and drink, until her bladder was full once again. She figured that wouldn't take long, as the young woman's insides were already quite saturated. But she did get a twinge of pleasure in watching the normally stylish, self-conscious Ranger practically throwing herself into the stream, just to get as much water as her body could take. "She's going to have one major tummy ache when this is over," she thought. She almost had forgotten about her own predicament, until she felt a spurt of urine squeeze it's way out from between her legs and dampen her bikini bottom. She was fully prepared to soil herself, but she intended to take Aisha down with her.

Aisha lay on her belly over the stream. She was alternating between dipping her hands in the water and then lapping it up, and outright slurping it right out of the stream. As she drank, she could feel herself getting full, bloated, but didn't care. She was too thirsty! She kept slurping away at the water, lost in a trance. "Drink!" she thought to herself, Scorpina's magic having overridden the teen's common sense. Overcome with thirst, it was then that she had the "brilliant" idea to submerge her entire head in the stream, so as to consume as much liquid as possible. Pulling herself back up to her knees, she felt extremely bloated. Her stomach protruded out, making her appear pregnant, but she didn't notice or care.

She just needed to drink more water. Using her hands to steady herself, she leaned forward, dunking her head into the stream. Submerged, she began sucking in all the water she could. After around forty five seconds, she came up for air. As she kneeled, gasping, her drenched hair dripping all over the place, the urge to pee hit her fast and hard, breaking the spell. Immediately, her hands grabbed her crotch as she squirmed uncomfortably. Looking down, she shocked to see her stomach. She literally appeared to be pregnant with piss! Touching her belly, she was shocked at how hard it felt. Scorpina's stomach was like a pillow compared to hers. It was then that she remembered the frozen villainess, who had to be equally as desperate. Spotting Scorpina's sword, Aisha picked it up, trembling as she removed one hand from her pussy. She pointed it at Scorpina. "Ok, how does this work? Um... Unfreeze?!"

Scorpina gasped as her body became animated again. She instinctively grabbed her own crotch, her bladder painfully full. She looked over at Aisha, who was crouched down, rocking on her heels, Scorpina's sword jammed between her legs. The evil Scorpion lady wasn't sure if Aisha was trying to hold it in or relieve herself in a different way. Regardless, she extended one arm and opened her palm. The sword flew back to her. Aisha yelped in surprise, then quickly squeezed herself tightly. "I think she might have peed!" Scorpina thought, turned on by the thought. She approached Aisha and loomed over her, trying to look menacing, despite not being able to stand still. "So, Yellow Ranger. It looks like my hydration enchantment worked only too well. Tell me, how do you feel?"

"Like I'm gonna explode with piss everywhere," Aisha admitted.

Scorpina laughed... but only for a moment, before she and Aisha heard a hissing sound. Scorpina felt a warm, wetness forming between her legs and cursed under her breath. She had intended to relieve herself, but not in her armor, and certainly not in front of her would-be prisoner. But laughing had caused her sphincter to let go and now she was pissing uncontrollably on the floor of her cave. Her cheeks flushed red, embarrassed at being the first to lose control. A puddle was forming under her, as her bladder emptied all of its contents.

Aisha felt a slight twinge of satisfaction at Scorpina being the first to wet herself, but that satisfaction was tempered by the fact that she was extremely desperate. But at the same time, watching Scorpina lose control was a turn-on, she had to admit. "What's wrong with me?!" she thought. "You're my enemy, I shouldn't be aroused by this!" That second part she said out loud. She gasped when she realized that, while Scorpina's cheeks burned even redder for a totally different reason now. Piss still dripping off her crotch, she walked over to Aisha and pushed her down in her back. She then leaned in and kissed her! The Yellow Ranger was shocked by this, but found herself not rejecting it. In fact, she began to reciprocate. As she made out with her sworn enemy, she felt her last bit of control slip away and began to flood her panties with hot piss.

Scorpina broke the lip lock and stepped back, watching as Aisha peed her pants. Aisha could feel her aerobic shorts getting wet over her panties, the soaking through to her denim dress. Her entire outfit was soaked in her own urine now. "How humiliating," thought the Ranger, even as she watched her swollen tummy deflate back to it's normal size. She looked up at Scorpina, who looked both embarrassed and like she was enjoying the sight. Aisha lay back and sighed as she drained the last contents of her bladder. As she laid in her own piss, she was surprised when Scorpina laid next to her.

"So... What now?" asked Scorpina.

Aisha looked at her. This woman kidnapped her, forced her to drink glass after glass of water until she wet herself, sent a monster to turn her friends into statues, cast a spell on her to make her drink until she wet herself a second time AND took a sick pleasure in all of it. But at the same time, she had to admit to herself that she was a little turned on by the whole thing. Plus, she had planned to enjoy watching Scorpina suffer the same way, so who was she to determine which of them was the hero or the villain? She rolled over on her side - splashing urine over both herself and Scorpina - and smiled at her supposed rival. "You tell me."

Scorpina looked surprised, but then a sly grin crossed her face. "What would my people, or your fellow Rangers think?"

"Who says they even have to know?" With that, Aisha rolled herself up against Scorpina's body, so that they were face to face. She could feel Scorpina's chest heaving. Her's was, too. She leaned in close, and whispered in her ear...

"It'll be our dirty little secret..."

The end

?

*022*2021-07-21 18:19

Improv'd that in about a day lol not a bad effort, if I'm being humble about it.

Fyi, I'm working with the theory that the Rangers are eighteen in this series. The next story is going to skip ahead to later seasons, where it's clear that they're adults.

I just needed to clarify because of how this chapter went. Also, keep in mind that I'm using the show specifically as my template and all the actors were older than eighteen anyway haha.

*024*2021-07-21 20:00

{{38 minutes ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Cool sounds good. Which series are you going to do next?

}}

Thinking about Wild Force, possibly. I kinda wanna do In Space, with Ashley and Cassie, though. So one of those.

If I get a chance to watch some episodes, I'd consider Lightspeed Rescue or Time Force, I just don't know those characters well enough, as they came after I stopped watching.

