Schooltrip On A Very Special Cruise

Chapter 30: All good things must come to an end! - Wattpad

"All good things must come to an end," Vicky suddenly said in a dreamy voice.

Peyton giggled. "What's up with you being all poetic suddenly?"

"Hhm? Nothing."

They were all disembarking the ship, right on time, waiting in line with the rest of the passengers while chatting and reflecting on their time on board.

"I feel like the ship itself was pretty cool, but let's face it, the drug paired with the toilet system made the cruise an absolute hell!" Liv said out loud.

Peyton didn't say anything, while Luna, Vicky, Selena, and Chloe all loudly disagreed with Liv, pretending to not know what she was even talking about.

"I barely even noticed the drug, to be honest."

"Yeah, it wasn't that bad at all!"

"What was wrong with the toilet system?" Luna joked.

They all giggled, poking fun at Liv.

The checkout went smoothly, and moments later they were all walking with their luggage away from the ship. Luna turned her head around a couple of times, reluctant and disappointed that the cruise was over. She was slowly coming to terms with the fact that it was truly over.

"So, are you guys still gonna pee in your pants?" Liv asked hesitantly.

"Of course not, 'eewww' why would we?" Selena responded immediately, jokingly pretending to be disgusted by the question.

Chloe joined in, "What? No, that would be crazy and weird now that we're off the ship!"

"Why would we ever do that?" Vicky questioned, failing to hide the sarcasm in her voice.

Luna added with exaggerated shock, "Now that would be inappropriate!"

"What? In the last week or so all of you acted like it was the most normal thing in the world, and now you pretend it's gross? You guys are so weird!" Liv said, sounding confused, somehow oblivious to their sarcasm.

Peyton explained in a calm demeanor, "I disagreed with them at first, but by now I kind of have to agree. On the ship, it didn't really feel weird to just... well, to just... pee whenever or wherever you felt like it. I can't put it any other way. It didn't feel out of place to just... go in your pants out of convenience, for example. Once you got into that mindset the drug wasn't bothersome, which made the cruise a lot more fun if I'm being honest."

Peyton continued, "Free drinks, free food, great entertainment, and absolutely zero worries. I feel stupid for not accepting it earlier and just... pee when I felt like it. Who cared if it was in my pants or not? And by the end of the cruise, I think a lot of people had figured that out as well."

Chloe, dragging her luggage with one hand, nonchalantly pointed towards Peyton with the other. "She gets it."

"Better late than never," Selena added jokingly.

Liv, sounding slightly annoyed, responded, "Well, that explains why you suddenly wet your pants earlier while having lunch..."

The others hadn't heard this yet, so everyone's interest was piqued.

"What? I was enjoying a fantastic lunch but needed to pee," Peyton responded in a carefree manner. "I didn't feel like hurrying and choking down my food just to go find a toilet afterwards, probably to end up in a long waiting line and having to hold my pee to the point I'm about to pop like a water balloon!"

The others laughed, imagining how that situation had played out with just the two of them.

Peyton shrugged as she continued, "And I wanted to go back for another plate... so yes, I needed to pee, so I relaxed and let it happen. So what?"

"You should've seen it, she fully soaked her jeans at the table and afterwards went back to the buffet like that," Liv said, shaking her head.

Peyton held her head up high when she added, "And I admit I enjoyed it in fact!"

"Holy shit, respect, Peyton," Vicky said loudly while the others cheered, Chloe even giving her a fist bump.

"I'm gonna miss this cruise..." Luna mumbled.

Except for Liv, who still seemed confused about the whole cruise, everyone agreed. For a moment, they reflected on their experiences on the ship, all the good memories they had made.

Luna wasn't showing it, but deep inside she felt truly sad, knowing her once-in-a-lifetime dream cruise had ended. It felt like a fantasy that had become real but only for a limited time. For a while, she had the unique experience that her kink was accepted and... it had become a part of her daily routine.

Suddenly, she felt Chloe's hand gripping her own. With a glance at Chloe, she saw an all-too-familiar grin on her face.

Of course... she couldn't be truly sad... she had gained something far greater on this trip after all.

They were about to turn the corner of the street leading to the station. The pier and ships would soon be out of sight. Luna turned her head one last time, looking at the grotesque ship in the far distance. Even from this far away, it still looked immense while the other ships appeared small in comparison. Letting out a sigh, she turned around and followed the others, walking hand in hand with Chloe. It wasn't far before they would reach the station and board their train.

_______________________________________________

They had all boarded the train and put away their luggage. They were sitting in a similar fashion to the first time.

In their four-seater:

Luna was sitting next to Chloe, and in front of them were Vicky and Selena. Vicky was sitting in front of Luna and Selena in front of Chloe.

In the four-seater on the other side were Liv and Peyton, with Ian and Joey, who had joined them, at the window.

The train had barely left the station when the monitors at the end of the wagon turned on, showing a short video of Dr. Neuhauss.

In his usual energetic manner, he started, "Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our medical test. Thanks, everyone, for having been a part of this."

In a clumsy way, he gave a short speech, summarizing how the test had concluded.

"A small heads-up!" Dr. Neuhaus said after ending his speech. "All toilets are now open at all times, and the medication should start to slowly wear off, so make yourself comfortable on your trip home."

"Uhum, just in case! Of course, it's not completely impossible as the medication is still in your systems. But in case accidents do happen, it is not a big deal; these are still the same seats after all. Ehehe."

"Have a good trip!!" Dr. Neuhaus ended, and the monitors shut off.

Liv suddenly spoke up, "Oh god, imagine if anyone had an accident with all the toilets open!"

Joey quickly added, "I don't think anyone has that poor bladder control. Also, imagine having to walk through the station at home with wet pants."

"God, I would die from embarrassment!" Ian said, laughing.

Just thinking about walking through the station in wet pants made Luna feel second-hand embarrassment for anyone who did. Even worse, she would need to get home by bus, which meant sitting on a public bus with wet jeans. Then, coming home, her parents would probably greet her on arrival and see her soaked jeans. Luna, as usual, overthought how that scene would play out, shivering at the thought.

Even without accidents, she wasn't looking forward to the bus ride. It would be late at night, with her luggage, while making sure she managed her toilet visits in time before getting desperate or worse, wetting herself in public. Now that the safety net of the cruise was gone, it suddenly felt a lot more scary to be out in public with the effect of the drug still present. After all, an accident was never too far away.

Another thought crept into her mind though. It wasn't the first time this crazy idea had passed by either. Every time she thought about the ride home, a fantasy played in her head:

Deliberately wetting her pants would be so much more daring right now than she could ever do on the cruise... knowing that regular people would be able to tell what she did... just thinking about it was sending a shiver down her spine and she wasn't sure if it was because it was exhilarating or just straight-up embarrassment.

People would probably see her wet pants on the bus, maybe whisper behind her back about it, what if the bus chauffeur didn't even allow her on the bus to begin with? Another shiver went through her.

How would she even hide the evidence to her parents when she got home? Another shiver followed thinking about it.

Luna shook her head and snapped out of the fantasy when Vicky started talking and intertwined in the conversation happening on the other four-seater.

"I wouldn't be surprised if some still wet their pants honestly. For some it's just a habit by now," Vicky added casually.

"There's no way people would do that, no?" Ian said, although he was sounding unsure about his own statement.

Peyton answered straight forward, "I wouldn't be so sure about that Ian, we've seen some people pretty blatantly letting it flow whenever they felt like it."

"Yeah like you've been doing lately!" Liv intertwined, Trying her best to make fun of Peyton,

Peyton answered while owning it, "Sure on the cruise, who cares if I wet my pants a couple of times?" She successfully disarmed Liv,

For a while the group chatted if people would be crazy enough to actually wet their pants while on the train instead of going to the toilets. When Vicky suddenly intertwined.

"Well, my parents are gonna come and pick me and Selena up at the station, they wouldn't care if we show up in wet pants."

Selena suddenly responded, clearly intrigued, "Wait, really?" After giving it a second thought, "Oh yea, I guess that makes sense, I hadn't thought about that."

Luna and her group was completely aware of how it would make sense that Vicky's parents wouldn't bat an eye if her daughter and friend would show up in wet pants. But on the other side on the other seats their friends all had a confused look on their face, wondering what the hell they were on about and how Vicky's parents wouldn't care about it. They didn't know about Vicky's family habit.

Instead of explaining it they quickly waved it away and started a new topic.

A little while later everyone was doing different things, Peyton and co were chatting about some shitty (according to Luna) but popular mainstream tv series while Vicky and Selena were on their phone, apparently watching something although Luna didn't know what.

While the train was slowly rocking back and forth, speeding through the country side while it was getting dark outside. Luna could start to feel her need to pee increase, result of the lasting effect of the drug, although she noticed how it had taken a longer time than usual. Which meant the drug was losing it's effect.

Deep down she didn't want to give up her new freedom and to keep indulging in her fetish, but alas to all things must come an end eventually.

"I'm gonna go to the toilet real quick, drug is still having an effect I'd say." Luna declared,

"I'll go when you get back" Liv responded, with Peyton following up, "Same."

"We'll go later as well." Ian and Joey answered,

Selena and Vicky were too engrossed in whatever they were watching on the phone. Chloe decided to join, as she needed to pee as well.

Luna lead the way closely followed by Chloe as they made their way through the wagons. as they passed by many other seats occupied by other people Luna noticed how the influence of the cruise seemed to be gone by now. No one was sitting in wet pants or was visibly desperate for once.

If you wouldn't know any better, this train looked completely normal like any other streamline train.

They opened another door to get to the next wagon when they got hit with the sound of liquid splattering coming from around the corner.

Around the corner they were greeted by a guy nonchalantly peeing on the carpet in the corner of the connection to the other wagon.

Ok... maybe not entirely normal, Luna and Chloe chuckled while passing by the guy. Apparently some were still very nonchalant about using the toilet.

When they got to the next wagon and finally found one with a toilet they immediately understood why the guy had skipped the toilet... already a bunch of people were waiting, Luna quickly counted eight excluding themselves.

"Ah shit... you gotta be kidding me, I didn't think there was gonna be a waiting line even with the toilets open." Chloe mentioned, clearly disgruntled.

"Yep, you better be able to hold for a bit longer." A woman replied who was standing right in front of them, next to her was a little girl who must be her daughter who was already in the middle of a desperation dance, Luna recognized them but couldn't remember from where, she had definitely seen them somewhere on the cruise ship at some point.

In front of them were three young women, two with short skirts and one with leggings, not much older than Luna and Chloe.

And waiting in front of the door were three guys, who must have been waiting for a while already.

The little girl already had her hand on the crotch of her red pants while fidgeting and hopping on the spot, "This is gonna take sooo loooooong." She said in a whining tone,

"Just hold a little longer dear, it's almost our turn." Her mother declared while doing her own subtle potty dance.

In an exaggeratedly sarcastic and whiny but hilarious tone the girl asked, "Do I reeeaaaally have to hold it?!"

"Well, not if you want to sit in wet pants for the rest of the trip and walk through the station in wet pants for everyone to see." The mom declared while sounding amused by her daughters whiny tone.

The girl pondered for a bit before answering, "Why is it suddenly such a big deal if I use my pants? I don't mind it if they get wet."

"We're not on the cruise anymore dear." The mother swiftly answered.

The little girl's mouth went open but before she could answer back the door of the toilet went open and an elderly woman stepped out, one of the guys went in now. After pondering a little more the girl shot her answer back, "Why does it even make a difference if we're on the cruise or not?"

"Well... you can't just... , because you see..." The mother tried to find an appropriate answer to her daughters question, which should be a logical answer but she couldn't immediately find one for some reason. After a pause she finally found her words.

"Well I guess after this experience of a cruise it makes sense you don't make a big deal out of wetting your pants." She finally questioned back, "But the thing is, aren't you gonna be embarrassed when strangers see that you've peed in your pants when we get back at the station?"

The girl pondered over this some more in silence, overthinking her options.

Now Luna recognized the girl and her mother, they had been sitting right across from them in the restaurant, when she and her brother had blatantly wet their pants on purpose without even trying to hide it at all, while sitting a couple of meters away from a toilet.

Afterwards they had done it again in the shop of the movie theatre, they had seemingly made an innocent game out of it and were letting out spurts in turns, eventually they wet their fresh pants completely, just to pass the time while having fun.

Luna figured that the girl must've gone in her pants whenever she felt like it during most of the cruise without ever getting any backlash about it, and just like Luna and the others, she must've gotten used to the freedom of being able to relieve her over active bladder whenever she wanted.

Speaking of freedom.

Right now Luna was missing that freedom as well, she understood the little girl all too well.

While her need to pee was increasing rapidly, she wished the line would go faster... she was bursting already.

While their friend was inside the guys started a small conversation, "If the line is this long again next time I'm just gonna go and piss on the carpet next time."

"Yea if we weren't this far into the line already I'd have gone to find a spot honestly."

At least it didn't take long for the guys, one came out and the next one went in, another one down, 6 more to go.

One of the girls in the middle of the line (with leggings) was fidgeting with her hands jammed in her crotch, "I need to fucking pee already!!"

Her friends in mini skirts weren't doing much better, one was doing a small potty dance of her own while the other girl kept shifting from one foot on another.

The girls discussed who would go first and were now trying to figure out who actually needed to go the most, and after a small debate they agreed to let the girl in leggings go first.

Which Luna thought was a good idea, as she was wearing grey leggings it would be incredibly visible if she had an accident right now, the other girls in skirts didn't have that worry about it being visible.

The girl in leggings took her spot right behind the guy that was standing in the front, it wasn't gonna be long anymore or it was her turn, but just then one of the two girls behind her shifted from one foot to another again and Luna saw just a flicker in the corner of her eye, she had almost missed it, not even sure if she had seen it correctly?

The girl shifted again and now she noticed it, she saw drops of liquid falling down from under the girls skirt. And now that she had noticed, she hadn't imagined it, below the hem of her skirt she could see a trickle of pee running down the inner side of her thigh.

The girl was still slowly shifting from one foot to another, but from what Luna could tell she wasn't panicking, overall she seemed calm while another leak was making it's way down her thigh, followed with a couple of drops landing on the carpet beneath her. Her friends had noticed it as well.

"Oh no, are you leaking? Are you sure you don't want to go first?"

The girl calmly replied, "No I'm fine don't worry, it's just my panties." She waved it away like it was nothing at all.

The girl in leggings turned around with a mischievous grin on her face, "You're letting out leaks on purpose aren't you?"

"Haha, alright you got me!"

The three girls all chuckled, catching their friend in the act, but it was clear this wasn't out of the ordinary for the friend group.

they were barely done chuckling or...

*pssht*

they could hear how the girl spontaneously let out a short burst of pee, causing a short stream of pee to fall down on the carpet followed with more chuckling. Luna could swear her panties must be soaked by now.

*psssshh*

Another stream of liquid hit the carpet, this time it came from the other girl in a skirt.

More chuckling followed from the three girls, their friend had decided to join in and nonchalantly and bluntly let out a short stream in her own panties, not at all caring that she had just soaked her panties as well.

Two small wet spots were visible on the carpet from the girls, evidence of their spontaneous pee which could only mean they were now standing in soaked panties.

"Oh god stop that! It makes me need to pee even more!" The girl in leggings exclaimed while trying not to laugh,

Instantly her two friends got a mischievous grin on their face, a mischievous little plan had silently formed between the two.

*click*

The guy exited the toilet and it was now the last of the men in the line that went in, after this guy it was the girl in leggings turn.

Without any shame the two girls started letting out more spurts in their panties, letting their pee drip on the carpet, enough to make an audible sound. It started to have an effect on their friend who was getting closer and closer to losing her desperate battle with her bladder.

The girl in leggings was fidgeting even more, openly holding herself with both her hands in her crotch.

"Ugh, why the heck not? It's just panties and they're soaked anyway." On a whim one of the girls with a skirt spread her feet and a moment later pee splattered on the carpet, but this time it wasn't a spurt, the girl didn't stop... pee continued to loudly splatter on the carpet beneath her while she let out a loud sigh. Luna immediately knew she wasn't planning on stopping anymore.

While one was midstream the other girl in skirt joined in and did the same, further soaking her own panties, starting to create her own puddle at her feet.

Luna could see the massive relief plastered all over their face while they were blatantly emptying their bursting bladders through their panties and onto the trains carpet.

Chuckling mixed with splattering noises could be heard throughout the corridor of the train, everyone was chuckling along completely unfazed while the two girls simply continued emptying their bladders for everyone to see.

Just when Luna expected the girl in leggings to lose control over her bladder the door went open followed by the last guy coming out. The girl in leggings dashed inside and smashed the door shut. She was just in time.

Both girls were done peeing by now, finally relieved of their bursting bladder. while still standing in their puddles they had made, they joked about what had just happened.

"Dammit, we started peeing just a tad bit too late."

"I know right, she so would've pissed herself, I'm surprised she didn't just let it flow actually!"

"Yea I was almost certain she would wet her leggings!"

A muffled voice could be heard from within the toilet, "Hey! Shut up! I can still hear you!"

More chuckling followed in the corridor, followed by another muffled remark, "To be fair, I was close to giving in and just go in my leggings though!"

Laughter erupted seeing the scene play out like this. These girls seemed to be so carefree, the idea of their friend having an accident in her leggings didn't even seem to faze them all that much, the girl herself included.

Inspired in the moment Luna felt like ignoring her habit of overthinking everything, simply join in and just like them, letting it all out... enjoy that feeling of relief right here, in her last pair of jeans... but her mind couldn't ignore reality, in a couple of hours she would have to get off the train and back into the normal world.

This did work as a reminder that her bladder was still filling quickly though... funnily enough Luna was glad these two girls decided to simply wet their panties, that meant less wait time for them.

Now that the situation was back to normal, Luna's attention got grabbed by the little girl, up until now she had been hopping around, twirling, holding her crotch with one hand, switching from one foot to another, her potty dance had been quite elaborate so far.

But now the girl had suddenly stopped and stood still... while standing motionless with her back to the wall she removed her hand away from her crotch. Revealing to Luna the wet patch that was growing on her crotch, turning the red fabric into a much darker shade of red.

Was she having an accident?

For a moment Luna made eye contact with the girl, in reaction a grin came on the girls face knowing that Luna had noticed.

The expression on her face softened, her eyes got a dreamy gleam while she was staring into nothingness, with her mouth hanging slightly open she let out an audible sigh

"Aaah"

In an instant Luna realised she wasn't having an accident at all, she was letting her pee flow freely in her pants without a care in the world and not at all bothered that Luna was seeing her do it. Her crotch was glistening from the fresh wetness that was streaming in her pants, the wet stain was rapidly expanding while a streak was already going down her inner thigh.

It was barely audible but Luna could hear the faint sound of her peeing while the girl's gaze now moved downwards and nonchalantly observed how her pants were getting soaked, she seemed to be giving no signs of stopping and was unfazed about her pants getting saturated with her pee.

Luna and Chloe exchanged amused glances while the mother had heard her daughter 'sigh' she had turned around and had put her hands on her sides, Luna wasn't sure if she was angry or not. It was clear to anyone onlooking that what the little girl was doing was fully intentional and no accident at all, it's not as if she was trying to hide that fact either.

"Well I was just about to ask if you wanted to go first or not..." Her mother said while sounding surprised, but not angry...

"It's ok, I'm already going in my pants!" The girl answered in the most dreamy voice, as nonchalant as she could be she spread her feet wider while she continued to relieve herself in her pants.

*click*

The lock of the toilet unlocked and the door went open followed by the girl in leggings exiting while letting out a long sigh.

By now the little girl's pants were already soaked and glistening from wetness all the way down, some of the pee was pouring over her shoes while the rest was streaming down from her crotch straight to the ground, she was quickly making a puddle at her feet.

Luna somewhat expected what came next, the mother let out a chuckle before she answered, "Hehe, well alright then!" And made a dash towards the toilet.

For a moment Luna wondered if the mother was actually glad her daughter decided to simply use her pants instead of the toilet, that meant she could use the toilet sooner as she had been fidgeting for a while as well, clearly desperate to pee.

Moments later and without a care in the world the girl had completely emptied her bladder in her pants, creating a large wet puddle on the carpet that was slowly getting absorbed. Feeling refreshed and in an upbeat mood she hopped out of the waiting line and waited on the other side of the room for her mother to be done.

Everyone in the room had probably seen how the entire back and front of her pants were soaked, it had even crept up to her butt while standing. The girl didn't seem to be embarrassed about what she had done, not even a little bit.

Luna couldn't help but feel jealous, if the little girl had hold her pee for a few more seconds she would've been able to go to the toilet. But instead she had the guts to simply let it flow freely in her pants without caring about the consequences. Had she even hesitated at all doing it?

Luna wished she could do the same... her bladder was bursting, it was starting to hurt... an idea flashed through her mind...

"Just like the little girl... just do it... let your bladder relax and let it flow freely."

"Don't overthink it, it'll feel great..."

"But the consequences... I can't ignore the aftermath..."

A little while later the lock clicked open once again and the mother exited, she immediately asked, "Why did you go in your pants? It was our turn anyway, and don't even try saying it was an accident!"

The girl answered straight forward without hesitation, "Well I don't mind it when random people notice my wet pants when we get to the station, and then I realised how nice it would feel if I would just stop holding and let go in my pants... so I did!"

They started walking towards the door to make their way to the connecting wagon when the girl followed up, "And now that my pants are wet I 'm not even gonna bother anymore to go and stand in line for the toilet, I can just pee in my seat for the rest of the ride!"

"Haha okay then. Fine." The mother replied while letting out a chuckle, "But lets make a rule here, starting from now you're gonna need to ask permission before you simply start peeing in your pants! Well now they're wet already so it doesn't matter but once we get home..."

The little girl cut off her mom and interjected, "Wait, even after we get home!?! But in the beginning of the cruise you said it was only allowed until we got back home?!"

Luna had to suppress a chuckle, seeing the look on her mothers face she realised her mistake,

The mother let out a sigh before she answered, "Guess I've changed my mind then..."

Luna could hear the girl cheering while the door was closing to the other wagon, when she was mid cheer she launched an immediate follow up question, "Can I wet my bed at home as well?! It would be AWESOME to not always having to get up at night!"

She had asked it out loud for the entirety of the wagon, but she didn't seem to care one bit that fellow travellers could hear it. Neither did she seem to care that everyone in the wagon could see the massive wet stain on the front and back of her pants.

Luna, Chloe and some other people waiting in line for the toilet were laughing over this silly scene between mother and daughter.

It was admirable how carefree both were about this situation, although not everyone was as carefree when new people started to join the queue, some clearly more desperate than others trying to hold it together as best as they could.

Now that the mother and daughter were gone it was their turn... Luna let Chloe go first.

By the time it was Luna's turn she was absolutely at her limit... she dashed into the toilet and when she had undone her pants, dropped her panties and was sitting on the toilet relieving herself... she realised she wouldn't have made it if it wasn't for the little girl and the two young women who skipped the toilet in the last second.

While she felt relived she had made it in the end, she also felt a sliver of regret...

Just like the others who had wet themselves moments before, deep down she wanted to enjoy the cruise experience just a little longer. While letting Chloe go first Luna was even low key hoping she would lose control over her own bladder and have a real accident... still determined to hold she managed to keep her panties dry, knowing she would die from embarrassment if she had to take the bus in soaked wet jeans and arrive home in them.

Instead she was emptying her bladder on the toilet... what a let down.

When she was done and exited the toilet the next girl dashed in so fast Luna only saw a silhouette flash by.

In her own desperation moments ago Luna hadn't even realised there were already this many people waiting behind them for the toilet... even more then when they had arrived themselves.

"I already texted the others saying it's really busy here, to warn them." Chloe said while she was putting away her phone,

"Nice, good thinking," Luna responded, "Lets go to the shop now?"

Chloe had no problems with that idea so they went on their way.

While walking through the isles they caught slivers of conversations people were having:

-----

"Wish I was still on the ship, laying in the pool with a margarita in my hand..."

"That would be nice just so you don't need to go and stand in line for the toilet and just letting it flow in the water..."

"Absolutely!"

-----

"I'm gonna miss those beds... I don't even know how I can do without them anymore..."

"Well it was a little bit weird... well you know, just going in bed when you needed to go."

"No you don't understand, I literally don't know how I can go on without that bed, I haven't woken up a single time in the last couple of days to pee and just wet my bed in my sleep."

"Ooh.... shit... have you considered diapers?"

-----

"I made a mistake not putting on a skirt..."

"Why?"

"Because I wouldn't need to go and stand in line for the toilet and just hike up my skirt and pee on my seat."

"What about your panties getting wet?"

"So? It's just my panties!"

-----

A man was having a conversation with his wife:

"I'm gonna have to remind myself tomorrow at work that I don't just start pissing behind a flower pot in the corner of the office, I can't even imagine what my boss would do to me."

"Hahaha, perhaps you got too used to whipping it out whenever and pee wherever?"

"Well, yea ofcourse? That carpet was literally everywhere... and in some places it even had the same colour as the one in the office."

"Well you did pee pretty much everywhere on the ship at least once..."

"Oh god, I can't imagine the look on my bosses face if I get caught mid stream behind a flower pot..."

-----

Luna was grinning non stop while walking through the wagons towards the shop, so many people had gotten used to the cruise and it's weird toilet rotations, each person in their own way and had created new habits because of it.

People would have to make the switch back to normal toilet etiquette eventually though, Luna was fairly certain about this.

Once in the shop Luna and Chloe eagerly started deciding what they wanted, picking out the snacks and drinks they wanted.

After some consideration both ordered a serving of fresh pasta, Luna got one with a creamy tomato sauce.

Just as Luna had made her order Chloe pointed somewhere further on the floor,

"Look at that wet spot on the carpet there, I bet you someone wet themselves there earlier." Chloe said convinced,

"I guess it could also just be a spilled drink?"

Although Luna quickly changed her mind, who was she kidding?

She grinned when she corrected herself, "But yea probably someone had an accident, or simply didn't feel like waiting in line."

(They had no idea the puddle was coming from Emma earlier.)

"Honestly holding it for that long while standing in line earlier, I was starting to contemplating wetting my pants." Chloe said with a slight mischievous grin,

Luna was surprised hearing this, but definitely enjoyed hearing her girlfriend wasn't completely ready to let go of her new habit just yet.

"Why didn't you? I wouldn't have stopped you!" Luna answered while giving a wink,

Chloe responded, "Of course you wouldn't! You probably would've joined!"

"Uhm... well I would want to," Luna brings up what she was thinking about earlier, "But that would mean going home in wet pants, sitting on the bus in wet jeans for everyone to see isn't... ideal."

"Haha yea, imagine having to take the bus in the night with pissy jeans."

"And coming home and facing my parents in pissy jeans..." Luna responded truthfully, "I wish I could go with you, not super happy about taking the bus this late at night on my own, or knowing you are on your own."

Luna grabbed some peanuts from the bag that Chloe offered, she had already opened it right after she got it from the shop.

"Well... you know I told you my parents are on a business trip for the rest of the weekend, they'll only be home by tomorrow evening."

Luna remembered now, "Oh yea, I almost forgot you said that."

"So..." Chloe said as she was about to stuff a handful of peanuts in her mouth, "Why don't you go with me and, maybe stay the night?"

Luna's attention peeked as she heard the new plan form in her head.

With her mouth still half full of peanuts Chloe continued, "That way we can take the bus together and if you want you can borrow some spare clothes from me for tomorrow morning and..."

"Holy shit," Luna came to the realisation, "Hell yes! That's a great idea!"

Luna was going over this sudden change of plans in her head, she couldn't find any problems with it, it's not like she had any other plans the day after. And with everything that has transpired during the cruise, Luna felt herself more comfortable than ever to go to Chloe's house.

She got a bit flustered just thinking of the prospect of sleeping at Chloe's house and in her bed, with slightly flustered cheeks she nodded and said,

"Alright!"

"Great! We can go for a late night dip in the hot tub as well!" Chloe followed up joyfully while giving a wink, a new plan was quickly forming between the two girls.

Luna's eyes widened, this was great! They could take the bus together now, knowing she wouldn't have to take the bus on her own and be longer with Chloe suddenly boosted her mood.

"Oh look, pasta is ready!" Chloe joyfully said as she put away her peanuts, nodding towards the guy behind the counter standing ready with two cups of pasta.

Both girls happily dug in and started eating their cups of pasta, it tasted good and Luna felt herself being in a much better mood than a couple of minutes ago, the lonely and dreaded bus ride home had suddenly made place for something that she was looking forward to.

They stopped talking and focused on eating their cups of pasta, meanwhile a group of three young women passed by them and went to stand at the table right next to them. From what Luna gathered the girls were looking for a toilet, the previous one they passed seemed to have had a long waiting line. Luna knew for a fact there was quite a few people waiting as they just came from the same one earlier.

Luna learned the girls names throughout the conversation.

The girl named Alisa spoke up, "Guys, I think we really shouldn't stop here and just go back, the lines aren't gonna be better if we wait. Lets just go back and wait it out? I'm worried the lines are actually gonna get even longer."

Two of the girls kept standing while the other girl (Luna caught her name, Jennifer) who was wearing stylish beige pants grabbed a bar stool that was near and gracefully sat down on it while she explained, "Doesn't hurt to try right? We'll wait here a bit and see if the line is shorter when we go back."

"Yea and what if the line is longer instead?" Alisa asked while sounding a tad worried, "I don't know for how much longer I'll be able to hold, you know what I mean right? What if the line turns out being too long and we end up having an accident...?"

Now the third girl (Ellen) who was wearing tight faded grey jeans, paired with a black blouse and black stylish boots calmly responded while letting out a small chuckle, "Yea I agree, if the line ends up being even longer I'm probably not gonna be able to hold it. But knowing that I might do an accident doesn't scare me nearly as much as it should." Her two friends giggled over her response.

Luna stuffed a big scoop of pasta in her mouth, enjoying the delicious creamy tomato sauce while the three girls where continuing to crack jokes about their lack of fear of accidents.

"Alright, all jokes aside," Jennifer reasoned with the others while sitting, "Maybe you're right, we shouldn't push our luck, it's probably best if we go back to the toilet and just wait it out?"

"Honestly..." The girl named Alisa fidgeted a little bit while standing, "I can probably still hold for a while, I'm just trying to be cautious right now."

The other two seemed to understand Alisa and were in agreement with her.

"No no, Alisa's right... It's a fact that we still have to get off this train wearing these clothes..." Ellen said, "So you're probably right, we should get going if you don't want a real accident too happen."

Jennifer quickly added, "But still... after having experienced the freedom on the cruise? *pffft* I'm not really worried about not being able to hold it... if it happens it happens." Jennifer shrugged and started blushing while she admitted it.

"True! I probably shouldn't say this but... Once I realise I won't be able to make it in time, I'm just gonna accept it and let it happen. Just relax completely and enjoy the relief, even if it's in my pants." Ellen blushed while she blurted it out,

The girls giggled about what Ellen had just admitted, but they all seemed to be in agreement with it.

"Oh yea, agree! Feeling it flow in and down your pants?" Jennifer said while she spread her legs a bit while sitting on the stool, motioning with her hands along her thighs, "I wouldn't even mind it that much if I end up having an accident, I'd relish the sensation honestly."

Luna and Chloe overheard how their conversation was starting to take a turn, Ellen agreed and added, "For sure, that feeling of relief while the warm wetness is spreading is the best feeling."

"Oh stop it! You're gonna make me wet my pants!!" Alisa interjected while she was clearly joking, "I'm trying to be cautious here but meanwhile you're reminding me how good it would feel to let out a couple spurts in my panties!"

"Oh you guys also like that feeling? Letting out a spurt and letting your panties get wet?" Ellen remarked,

Her two friends immediately agreed without any shame in their voice,

Alisa admitted, "Okay I'll admit, during the cruise I sometimes let out spurts at random in my panties on purpose, it felt harmless to be honest."

"Oh come on! It was pretty obvious we were all doing that!" Ellen said upright, "We all got pretty comfortable doing a lot more than just spurts!"

"Haha, yea okay that's fair, "Alisa laughed light heartedly, "A couple of times I even saw one of you two with a wet patch on your crotch, I didn't say anything but I just joined and started letting out spurts!"

"Fully agree!" Jennifer acknowledged, "It's sometimes nice to let your bladder relax for just a moment... let some pee escape and not worry about getting your panties a little wet..."

Luna her curiosity peeked, she recognized all the signs... moments after Jennifer had said it, she leaned back a little on her bar stool, spreading her legs just a bit further while let out a barely audible moan... "mhhmm... well there goes my panties!"

Her friends chuckled in reaction while Luna and Chloe wondered if she was serious right now.

"Don't worry it doesn't show anything." Alisa said while checking the crotch of her friends beige pants for any wetness, "And even if it does show it doesn't really matter, by the time we get off the train it'll be dry again."

"Wait... I didn't even think about that... I might as well do some more then...." After a brief pause a wet spot formed on the crotch of her stylish beige pants.

"Oh that was a bigger one... oh look!" Jennifer said while showing off the damage on her crotch,

"Haha, ok now it shows!" Alisa said, seeing the fun in the situation,

"Oh I love how you went and did even more, that must feel nice though!!" Ellen grinned seeing the wet spot,

Jennifer blushed a little as a result of what she had done but nonchalantly added, "It does feel nice, but also exciting knowing it might not dry in time..."

Her friends casually agreed, and their conversation carried on.

Ok, it was clear to Luna these girls might be even more casual about wetting than they were...

While observing the group Luna and Chloe were trading pasta, Luna wanted to get a taste of the cheese sauce Chloe had picked, while Chloe stole some pasta with the tomato sauce.

Meanwhile the other group their conversation carried on like nothing special had happened.

"I might pick up a new bad habit now the cruise is over..." Ellen said, and continued a little flustered, "Is it weird if I say when I'm outside at home in my garden, like reading a book and..."

The other two nodded, seemingly already knowing where this story was going.

"And you get the urge to pee and..."

Ellen couldn't even finish her sentence or Jennifer and Alisa were already further nodding in agreement,

Jennifer: "Imagine you need to pee and the story you're reading was just getting to the good and tense part... I don't think I would stop to go inside and.... you know."

Alisa: "Yea I wouldn't go inside either, I'd relax while reading and let it flow in whatever I'm wearing to be honest."

Ellen: "So it's not weird?"

Both girls answered,

Jennifer: "Nah!"

Alisa: "What about that is a bad habit to begin with?"

Jennifer: "You're in your own garden, why would it be weird? It's much more convenient to continue reading your book, relax and and... Mhmm..."

Both Luna and Chloe had noticed how Jennifer's crotch glistened from wetness when she had send another spurt in her panties. At first glance it seemed so innocent what she was doing... Luna shook her head, no! They weren't on the ship anymore! It was only during the cruise that this was perceived as normal!

Of course it's taboo and not okay to let out spurts of pee in your pants in public!!

Their conversation continued but not much later Luna and Chloe saw the wet patch on Jennifer's crotch grow even more... she was still letting out occasional spurts throughout the conversation.

"My panties are slowly getting soaked," With a grin on her face Jennifer spoke up, "I probably should stop now, or else it won't dry in time."

"Yea that's a sizeable patch alright," Alisa checked while laughing it off, "Oh look! At that wet patch on Ellen's pants!"

"haha you only noticed now? I'm at my fourth or fifth spurt already." Ellen replied playfully while she let her hand slide over her crotch, feeling her wet patch, "I didn't even check but the wetness on my pants probably started showing after my second spurt already."

"Yea we can see that, your wet patch is almost as big as mine!" Jennifer casually mentioned when the girls were comparing each others wet stain,

"Mhmm... Ooh, that was a bigger one," Ellen let out a tiny moan, while she let out another spurt in her panties, "Now my patch is as big, if not bigger!"

Luna and Chloe couldn't see because the girl named Ellen was standing with her back towards them. But it seemed she was following Jennifer's lead and was letting out sporadic spurts in her panties, leading into what must be a pretty visible wet patch on her faded grey jeans.

Jennifer spoke up and asked, "I can't see anything yet on your pants Alisa, you're not joining?"

"Can't.... I want too though, but I'm too embarrassed to walk home in peed pants, although it's really inviting seeing you guys letting off some pressure... and my bladder is bursting already." Alisa admitted,

"I don't feel too embarrassed about it right now honestly... and now that I started I want to do more... so what if it doesn't completely dry?" Ellen nonchalantly said while she slowly caressed the wet patch on her crotch with her hand, "I can't help but wonder if it really matters if people see?"

Her two friends agreed, as if it wasn't a big deal Jennifer encouraged her even further, "Agree, don't worry about it showing a wet stain, so what if some strangers notice at the station? Just relax some more and enjoy the sensation."

Ellen continued, "Agree, I'm just gonna enjoy it a little bit more..." She let out a small moan, "mhmmm...Oh I'm actually going right now..."

Luna was in the middle of chewing a mouthful of pasta when she froze and observed how moments later a wet stain was forming on the back of Ellen's grey jeans, the wet patch glistened and slowly started to creep up to her butt... followed by a single streak of wetness that was slowly going down her thigh, Luna and Chloe observed how the girl called Ellen was letting her pee stream into her pants for at least a couple of seconds before stopping.

Ellen seemed to have stopped her stream by the time the wet stain was halfway her thigh, clearly she had gone well past the point of no return.

No way that stain would completely dry up by the time they would arrive at the station, this girl seemed to be unfazed about that fact.

Chloe whispered in Luna's ears, "They have some sort of back up plan or something? Because are they just gonna walk home like that?"

Luna replied whispering back, "Also, how is that supposed to be 'a little' to begin with?"

Meanwhile the group's light-hearted conversation carried on.

"Haha look at that wet patch, why am I not surprised you actually peed your pants!" Alisa said while she continued to fidget.

Ellen dryly remarked, "Damn, it feels nice to let off some pressure actually!"

"Oh I know that feeling! For a moment you relax your bladder and start peeing, feeling it flow into your panties paired with that feeling of relief... I usually want to keep going when that happens!" Jennifer said,

"It felt really nice though, that warm glow you start to feel in your crotch while peeing?" Ellen said while blushing,

"I meant what I said earlier about not caring if some strangers see the evidence at the station... and seeing you wet like that makes me seriously want to join!" Jennifer said,

Ellen got a mischievous grin on her face when she answered, "Just relax and let it happen, and stop when you feel like it!"

"It won't dry but fuck it." Jennifer said while she hesitated and shifted a little bit on her stool, but after a moment she let out a small sigh,

And just like with Ellen, Luna and Chloe observed how Jennifer was allowing her pee to stream into her pants, the wet patch on her crotch started glistening... slowly spreading across her crotch and downwards, starting to wet her butt and bar stool. Just like Ellen she had gone past the point of no return.

With a dreamy expression on her face she sounded pleased, "Aah, it feels so nice and warm!"

Alisa dryly questioned, "You're not stopping aren't you?"

Jennifer let out a loud moan while for a moment she tilted her head back and closed her eyes in extasy. A moment later Luna and Chloe could hear the hissing start.

*pssssshhh*

Ellen casually mentioned, "That's it girl, let it all out!"

Luna got so engrossed that she forgot to chew, froze in place and watched how the young pretty woman named Jennifer was fully peeing in her stylish beige pants. Pee started to stream straight down her butt and bar stool, some was getting soaked up by her beige pants and was spreading the wet stain towards her knee's. Turning her light beige pants into a more brownish colour.

The sound of pee splattering on the carpet beneath her filled the wagon. While still midstream she wiggled her butt on the bar stool while her pee was streaming down from it.

Luna couldn't sense a trace of embarrassment while the girl was fully relieving herself in her pants on the bar stool, in the middle of the shop with multiple people seeing her doing it. It was clear she was fully indulging and enjoying the sensation to it's fullest.

While Jennifer was still midstream, Ellen stood perfectly calm and relaxed next to her friend who was fully wetting herself when suddenly she let out a moan of herself without any shame, "Aaaah, fuck yea... this feels so much better than holding...."

While still frozen in place watching with her fork half in her mouth, Luna realized the wet patch on Ellen's pants was starting to glisten again, fresh pee was streaming into her pants.

A moment later and pee was already cascading down Ellen's legs while her grey jeans were getting soaked rapidly. The wet shiny pee stain was quickly spreading downwards, it wasn't long before pee was streaming in and over her stylish boots, and just like Jennifer she didn't give any sign of stopping.

"Oh look, it's going in my boots!" Ellen cried out while starting to giggle, meanwhile making no attempt at saving her boots and just kept standing without spreading her feet apart.

Luna and Chloe weren't surprised anymore when Ellen just kept going, her pants were getting saturated with pee while it was also running in her stylish boots.

Jennifer's stream subsided first, now having emptied her bladder completely she spoke up, "Oh god that felt amazing!" while remaining seated pee was still dripping off her pants and bar stool.

Not much later Ellen let out a small moan when she was done herself, the girls giggled seeing the damage of what they had done.

"I can't believe you both actually went all the way!" Alisa said, finally there was some genuine surprise in her voice about what her friends had done.

Now that Ellen was done and while her friends were still giggling she took off her boots and poured out the remaining pee...

Luna and Chloe looked at each other, completely engrossed and intrigued with what they were seeing.

Okay... maybe not everyone on the train was trying to get back into their old toilet etiquette, these girls weren't shy of just letting it flow...

Luna her head was throbbing, she could think of only one thing right now, once her bladder would be full she wanted to fully and openly indulge in her fetish, and let her bladder relax and completely soak the last pair of jeans she was wearing... Just like she had seen these two girls do... after all, they didn't look like they regretted it, or better yet, they openly indulged in it and enjoyed it even if everyone in the shop could see.

Luna just needed to not overthink it.... exactly like how these girls did.

No, she was already overthinking it, of course she is, she always does that.

Chloe swallowed her last bit of pasta and now turned to Luna, with a straight face she said, "Stop overthinking it if you want to do it."

Luna almost choked on her last bite of pasta... "How did you know what I was thinking about?"

"You were getting flustered, I just knew." Chloe said with a big grin on her face.

Luna her face got all red, was Chloe serious? After a second thought Luna knew she was definitely being serious.

"But... but... what happens once we get off the train?" Luna stumbled over her own words, "...and the bus ride..."

Chloe shrugged while keeping a straight face. "Don't overthink it?"

Jennifer and Ellen were casually continuing to talk while standing and sitting in soaked pants, until Alisa reminded them she still needed to pee... she really wasn't planning on arriving home in peed pants apparently.

"Alright lets go before you get an actual accident!" Jennifer said,

The three girls stood up and left their place, finally going on their way to the toilet, Alisa was clearly beyond being uncomfortable, she was openly holding her crotch while fidgeting. Luna wondered how far away she was from her limit.

Was she even gonna make it at this point.

Just when Luna was starting to feel bad about Alisa's predicament...

"If the line is too long I'm not gonna bother though," Alisa said dryly, "I'm just gonna let go, wet pants aren't the end of the world."

Jennifer and Ellen agreed, they went on their way while clearly unfazed about their soaking wet pants.

Luna got shivers on her back while seeing the result of the carelessness of the two girls.

Her gaze went through the shop, it was pretty packed, most tables were occupied and people were cramped up in some places, without any doubt everyone had noticed the girls casual wetting just now.

_________________

Not much later they had finished their pasta, Luna and Chloe left the shop and went on their way too the others, they had a load of snacks and drinks with them for the others to enjoy.

On their way back they passed by the toilets... Well the line wasn't any better than earlier, she didn't see Alisa in the line... But she did recognize someone else, and her voice.

"For the love of all things holy, Liv, hurry up!!! I'm about to piss myself!" Peyton was almost yelling while bashing on the door.

A muffled voice came back from behind the door, sounding like Liv, "Since when do you care so much about wetting yourself?"

"For fuck sake Liv not funny!!!" Peyton was holding on for dear life to not wet her pants it seemed, and only now noticed Luna and Chloe.

"Bitch went first, she said I wouldn't care if I had an accident!" Peyton said, clearly disgruntled her attention went back to Liv inside the toilet, "I'm gonna kick in the door if you're not done in a couple seconds!"

Luna and Chloe felt bad for Peyton, although it was a little bit funny seeing this scene play out.

The lock clicked and Liv came out, in a flash Peyton disappeared inside.

"Thanks for the warning, we still waited too long to go and stand in line though..." Liv explained.

Chloe asked if they had seen three girls pass by, two with soaked pants.

"Oh yea we saw them, and then that one girl saw the length of the line and... well she just started peeing herself on the spot. It was gross really." Liv answered while making a face of disgust.

Luna and Chloe giggled, not too surprised about that outcome.

Peyton's muffled voice could be heard from inside the toilet, "She didn't seem to be upset about it though."

Yea that definitely sounded like them.

___________

They all got back to their seat and the train ride continued, nothing crazy was happening, everyone was pretty chill right now.

Luna had opened up a fresh water bottle while chatting with Chloe about whatever came up.

Selena and Vicky were each watching something on their phones with their earbuds in.

The group on the other seats were back to having animated discussions about movies.

Chloe grabbed some peanuts out of the bag when she suddenly changed the topic, "You think once this medication goes widespread some people might start getting actual accidents in public? You know, when they actually get it prescribed."

"I wonder about that, what if it doesn't get approved because of the implications?" Luna pondered as she stuffed some peanuts in her mouth,

Chloe was munching on her own when she replied, "There's no way that would keep it from getting approved, it's just too damn good if it really works as well as they said in the final version!"

Luna and Chloe kept going back and forth of what the implications would be if someone would fall ill and would have to start taking this medication for a week or longer...

"Imagine having to go to work while on these meds and not always be in the vicinity of a toilet." Chloe pointed out,

Chloe was right Luna thought, that would definitely cause problems. But if the meds were so good, wouldn't people just accept it as is?

They kept talking about this topic for a while, imagining all sorts of situations people might get into that would lead to accidents. For example their job wouldn't let them get to a toilet in time, like bus or truck drivers.

Or what if people get stuck in a traffic jam?

Or... or... what about a police officer on duty? That wets her pants while trying to give you a speeding ticket on the side of the road?

Luna and Chloe were entertaining each other with coming up with the funniest situations that would end in accidents because of the new medication.

Having been on the cruise while getting exposed to the drug they thought that they had a pretty good idea of how people would react to the drug in the long run.

"But imagine if you get back on this medicine at some point... and you get an accident in public?" Luna asked,

Chloe shrugged, "What happens happens, before the cruise I would sink through the ground of embarrassment if that would happen. But now..." Chloe pondered some more before giving an answer, "Yea honestly, it depends on the situation, but I don't nearly care as much if strangers would see me wet my pants anymore, somewhere along the cruise I seem to have lost the reason why wetting your pants is so embarrassing even!"

"Damn I didn't know you got that indifferent about it." Luna asked with a grin,

"You just overthink it too much!" Chloe said, shrugged and took a sip from her soda,

Luna did the same and finished her bottle of water, immediately opening a new bottle that she continued to sip on. The drug was still having an effect for sure.

Their conversation died out for a bit and Luna started to scroll though meaningless social media content on her phone, she wasn't really paying attention to what she was reading however.

It was a fact that the vast majority of people on the train had gone back to normal toilet etiquette, of course causing long lines at the toilets, but that didn't matter as everyone behaved like normal human beings again... but not everyone.

Like a movie her mind was replaying the past couple of situations she had just encountered, first the two young women who blatantly started wetting their panties under their skirts... their friend who managed to hold it together and not wet herself, even though she had admitted to being at her limit she didn't make a big fuzz about almost having an accident in her leggings.

Next came the little girl, who blatantly had decided to wet her pants... simply because she felt like doing it... and she didn't care at all about being seen in wet pants by strangers.

And then were the three friends in the shop... they all agreed avoiding accidents was probably for the best... but at the same time it didn't really scare them either. In the end two of them were enjoying themselves with letting out some occasional spurts which seemed pretty harmless... to Luna's surprise they had changed their mind not much later and simply went all the way.... completely soaking their last pants they had.

The train continued to rush through the landscape, still hours away from their destination. As time went on, Luna couldn't stop thinking about how the girls called Ellen and Jennifer had soaked their pants willingly, clearly relishing the sensation and not overthinking the consequences at all.

The more time passed the more her bladder started to fill, which only made her think about wetting even more, she could still see the image of the little girl standing with her mouth half open and enjoying the relief she felt when she was nonchalantly letting it flow in her pants, without a care in the world she had flooded her red pants completely.

Luna wanted to do the same, the more her bladder was starting to get full, the more she wanted to ignore the consequences, and indulge in her life long fetish.

She hadn't even noticed it, but Peyton, Liv, Joey and Ian were all gone from their seats, probably going to the toilet or shop... that's a good idea actually. Luna really needed to pee by now, her bladder was getting really full by now.

Luna shook her head, enough fantasizing for now, time to go for the toilet... she already waited for too long and could feel the pressure building in her bladder. Surprisingly Chloe hadn't said anything yet, by now she probably needs to pee as well?

She looked to her side and noticed that Chloe was resting her head against the window, eyes closed, she seemed to be dozing off... maybe she didn't have to go yet?

Well she could definitely wait a bit longer before going to the toilet, she decided to wait some more.

Luna's mind went immediately back into replaying the last couple of situations... she could see the image in front of her of Jennifer and Ellen willingly soaking their pants, letting out the smallest and cutest moans while doing so... her mind went back into fantasizing about wetting her own pants...

Right here in the seat, in her last pair of jeans, it would feel so nice, warm and wet. Even if her friends could see her do it, she wasn't embarrassed by that. But it would feel so good!

...But the consequences...

Ugh... stop overthinking it, just for once.

Her panties already had a tiny wet spot, it wasn't pee. She felt so horny and aroused from just fantasizing about it.

But as time passed by Luna's bladder was filling up more and more, she wasn't even sure how much longer she would be able to hold it... what if the line would end up being as long as last time? Would she make it?

Her bladder was starting to feel uncomfortable. Knowing this drug, by the time she would get to the toilet she would be absolutely bursting and at her limit... she already felt squirm ish right now, she waited for way too long to be safe...

So why wasn't she getting up?

At this rate she might just have a real accident... but her mind was already zoning out, wandering elsewhere...

She could still hear Jennifer's voice linger in her head, "If it happens it happens." she sounded so casual when she had said it earlier.

While she was fantasizing about it Luna could feel her bladder start to relax, giving a sign it wanted to release right here and now... Luna stopped at the last moment before a leak could happen.

Now she recalled what Ellen had said and could hear it in her voice, "I'm just gonna accept it and let it happen. Just relax and enjoy the relief, even if it's in my pants!"

Maybe Ellen was right... Luna realised she wasn't very far off from her limit, her bladder was aching for release... and again she started to relax... but stopped at the last moment before leaking in her panties.

"mhhmm... well there goes my panties!"

She could hear the echo of Jennifer's voice while Luna willingly let her bladder relax again... this time she let it happen and stopped too late.

A spurt went into her panties... it was just a little bit of wetness that she could feel, it felt so innocent.

Her excitement and arousal was starting to get the upper hand while she started to zone out, the thrill of the moment. She wanted to let it happen, letting her panties get more wet.

Willingly Luna let it happen, she relaxed and a big spurt went in her panties, Luna shivered with excitement as the warm sensation spread in her panties.

She couldn't help but smile at the thought of indulging in her fetish right here on the train, feeling her wet panties cling to her pussy while she didn't have any more spare clothes at hand. Her arousal was slowly pushing out her other thoughts. Making it all feel so innocent.

Her thoughts drifted back to what Chloe had said earlier... "Stop overthinking it if you want to do it."

Yet, a small voice in the back of her head reminded her of the potential embarrassment and consequences.

The small voice reasoned, she should probably overthink this a little bit more...

Luna confirmed the others were not paying attention to her at all, she let her hand slide in her lap and in-between her thighs, she could feel the dampness on the crotch of her jeans. The voice of reason in her head was right, this was the point of no return, she didn't need to overthink this.

Luna bit her lip, she wanted to ignore the voice of reason and indulge, embrace the relief and ignore the consequences.

It would feel so good if she just didn't fight it and stopped overthinking it and... relaxed.

Luna could feel the warm glow happening in her crotch paired with the rush of relief washing over her, it felt liberating. She chose to embrace her desire and enjoy the sensation.

With her hand on her crotch she could feel the warmth wetness seeping through her jeans, it felt comforting to feel her pee soak through her panties and stream into her jeans.

While she glanced down she saw the wet patch spread on her crotch, well past the size of her own hand, followed by wetness starting to creep down to her butt.

Luna caved in completely, leaned back, removed her hand from her crotch and let out a moan as she let her bladder relax completely.

The hissing started while the wetness was spreading everywhere, soaking through her jeans and pooling on the seat beneath her. The warmth that was spreading down her thighs paired with the warm glow in her crotch felt comforting.

Her heart was racing, while arousal was building, but oddly enough she felt at peace.

With all doubts gone she relished the relief in her seat and pants, emptying her overly full bladder to the point that her seat couldn't absorb it quickly enough, she could feel how her jeans was getting saturated with her pee while her pussy was getting submerged in the warm liquid.

Her arousal... It was almost too much... she could barely hold back.

Almost losing control and getting so close to the edge. Baffled she almost had an orgasm right here on the spot.

She relished the sensation while she could see how her last pair of jeans were getting further saturated, the pee stain was spreading out over her crotch and all the way to her knees.

Her stream finally slowed down to a trickle and she pushed out the last spurt into her already soaked panties. Luna sighed in contentment. She would remember this moment for a long time... it felt intense... but so.... so satisfying.

She was in heaven, her mind was clear, she had no regrets...

Now that she came back down to earth she took notice of her surroundings, Vicky still had her earbuds in but wasn't looking at her phone anymore, but instead her gaze went to Luna's mess that she had made, and then a grin came on her face when she and Luna looked at each other.

Somehow Selena hadn't noticed a thing... she also had her earbuds in and was still watching her phone, completely engrossed in whatever she was watching.

Chloe had a grin on her face when Luna glanced at her, she whispered, "That must've felt amazing."

Luna nodded dreamily without uttering a word, she couldn't find the right words that could describe what she had experienced just now.

"I waited too long to go to the toilet anyway, seeing you wet like that makes me want to join you honestly." Chloe whispered,

This sounded like music in Luna's ears, just then she could hear something else.

A faint hissing sound, she glanced at Chloe's crotch... but the sound wasn't coming from Chloe.

Luna looked around and saw how Vicky was calmly and relaxed leaning back in her seat, legs slightly more open than earlier.

A massive wet patch was glistening on her crotch while she was blatantly relieving herself in her pants and seat, her eyes where closed while she was enjoying the sensation. Luna realised she had probably been waiting for someone else to start wetting their pants, so she could join. She hadn't even muttered a word and just started relieving herself in her seat.

Luna and Chloe giggled seeing this image, Luna's heart was still beating rapidly from what she had done just now.

While Vicky was still midstream, letting her pants and seat get saturated with her pee her focus went back to her phone.

Somehow Selena hadn't noticed anything and was still completely engrossed in the show she was watching on her own phone.

Luna was slightly taken aback, still surprised how nonchalant Vicky could be.

She turned back to Chloe.

"So you want to stay? Or do you want the toilet?" Luna questioned,

Chloe answered with a chuckle, "No I'm fine really."

Luna hadn't even calmed down yet from her own pee break right here in her seat and she could already feel her heartbeat go up again. She gently lowered her head on Chloe's shoulder while she tried to calm down, which seemed impossible knowing what Chloe had just said.

Luna's attention completely went to Chloe, with her head on her shoulder she had the perfect vantage point over her crotch area.

Chloe let out a soft and almost inaudible moan, just enough so Luna could hear it, a moment later and Luna could see a wet patch form on her crotch.

"Damn, just like that? Without even hesitating?" Luna whispered,

Chloe whispered back, "I don't want to overthink it, I'm just gonna do it and enjoy it."

Another soft moan followed, the wet patch grew and spread out, this time she didn't stop her stream immediately and Luna could see how the fabric was starting to glisten from wetness pouring into her pants.

"Oh that was a big one, even my butt feels all nice and warm." Chloe whispered, sounding calm, pleased and not at all worried about the massive wet stain on her pants.

Luna whispered in her turn, "For a second I thought you were gonna go all the way."

"Now that I started I don't want to hold it any longer." Chloe whispered while she looked down to observe the damage,

A moment later Luna could see how Chloe started peeing again, her crotch started glistening while the wet patch was rapidly expanding.

With her head still on her shoulder Luna could hear the faint hissing sound emanating from Chloe's crotch.

Chloe let out a soft moan, rested her head against Luna's and whispered low enough so only she could hear it, "mhmmm, nice and warm."

Goosebumps went over Luna's body, seeing and hearing how her girlfriend was releasing her overly full bladder straight in her jeans and seat was further turning her on.

*pssssssss...*

Both girls observed how Chloe's pee started pooling on her seat, her crotch had a big wet patch that was glistening with pee still streaming into it, Luna watched in silence while Chloe kept going.

After a little while Luna could hear how the hissing sound coming from Chloe dissipated, followed with her letting out a sigh.

"I'm glad I stayed here with you, it felt so nice just going in my seat." Chloe said softly with a dreamy voice.

Luna couldn't resist and went in for a kiss, which gladly got accepted by Chloe, she deepened the kiss while Vicky and Selena weren't paying attention anyway.

Just then Selena suddenly jumped up out of her seat letting out a loud shriek, making Vicky, Luna and Chloe almost jump up in their seats from surprise. Abruptly ending their kiss.

"Selena? What the fuck?!" Chloe shouted in surprise.

"Fuck!" Selena stood up right and explained, "I was so emerged in my episode and needed to pee, so... so... I did..."

They noticed the moderate wet patch on Selena's shorts... when they all laughed in surprise, it wasn't too big, she probably didn't pee for very long before stopping.

She turned around to show that there was already a wet patch on her butt as well, okay maybe she had done a bit more than first expected.

Vicky was still chuckling, "Did you just pee in your shorts out of habit? Really?!"

Selena's face was bright red, she was visibly flustered. Only now her glance went towards the others and noticed the state of their pants. (It was quite obvious as each had a big wet stain in their crotch.)

Selena stammered in surprise, "Wait, y-you guys wet your pants?"

Luna shrugged while trying to sound nonchalant, "I felt like doing it."

"I joined when I saw she was peeing her jeans in her seat." Vicky answered,

Chloe shrugged when she answered, "Same."

Selena calmed down and sat back down on her seat, a little taken aback, clearly not expecting to see her friends had wet themselves. This did make her next choice a lot easier though.

"Might as well continue then because this won't dry on time anyway..." Selena said,

Luna wondered if her shorts could dry on time, at least most of it would be dry by the time they would arrive at the station, but they'll never know as Selena's shoulders dropped when she relaxed her bladder, consciously this time. Without a second thought she was letting her bladder finish in her shorts and seat.

*pssssss...*

While Selena was in the middle of soaking her shorts and seat she suddenly asked, "Did you guys have some sort of plan when we arrive at the station?"

"Not really." Chloe admitted sheepishly,

Luna answered in her turn, "Negative."

Vicky simply shrugged.

*pssssss....*

Still, Selena didn't stop her stream until she was fully finished knowing there wasn't a plan.

Moments later their friends came back, Peyton laughed at seeing her friends had once again wet themselves, claiming they were completely crazy for doing it while they would have to get off the train later.

Liv, Ian and Joey were simply amazed, amazed that they had the balls to do this. And also a little appalled.

As the warmth had almost completely faded from her wet jeans Luna felt good, she had no regrets, yet.

For the rest of the train ride she would enjoy the warm sensation over and over again while rewetting her jeans and seat everytime she felt like she needed to pee. Sometimes waiting a bit longer on purpose so her bladder could fill more, just so she could enjoy the warmth more as she could feel it spread in her jeans.

_______________________

Droplets were forming on the window of the train, it had started raining right as the the train finally started to slow down. Fellow passengers started to get their stuff together, ready to get off the train.

Moments later they could see how their platform came in view while the train slowly rolled in on the station.

Luna could feel some nerves starting to happen, as she looked outside and saw the several platforms next to each other, all well lit even at this hour. As expected there weren't too many people around at this hour, but it still felt like a crowd knowing she was gonna have to step out in still wet jeans.

At first glance most people were waiting on the other platforms, only a handful of people were on this platform. Luna took a deep breath, this wasn't too bad.

They got their stuff and followed the crowd to the doors, it was obvious the vast majority of people had perfectly dry pants, in their wagon Luna's group seemed to be the only ones who didn't.

"You guys are crazy stepping out in public like this." Liv mumbled.

Vicky laughed it off, "Exciting isn't it!!"

The fact that her wet jeans was clinging to her skin, reminding her of the evidence wasn't helping Luna right now, although she kept it together. Staying calm, even while knowing a bunch of people would notice she had wet herself and was walking in pissy jeans. All the way through the station... she got this.

They stepped off while following the rest of the crowd, immediately the station got crowded with people, like a bunch of ants everyone was making their ways to the stairs, leading to the exit of the station.

A little bit further ahead of their group, Luna had almost missed it, she noticed Jennifer and her friends, all three girls were walking in soaked pants, clearly they had also kept wetting their pants throughout the train ride.

A bit further she had barely noticed them, a little girl and boy, both also had wet pants, paired with the crowd they were walking in right now it was actually not very noticeable if someone was in wet pants... Luna realised this and started feeling more confident. This wasn't all too bad actually...

In a moment they would go down the stairs and follow the crowd through the main building of the station, Luna realised most people probably won't even notice the evidence while being surrounded by this many people... Chloe had been right, it was a good idea to not overthink it and just do, so far she had no regrets wetting her pants.

Until...

Luna heard a voice in the distance, calling for her.

"Luna!"

The voice sounded extremely familiar.

"Lunaaaa!"

Wait, in a shock of horror she recognized that voice all too well and turned around towards where the sound was coming from.

"Ah Luna! Here you are! For a second we thought we wouldn't be able to..." Her mom suddenly cut short her sentence when she noticed her 18 year old daughter was standing in pee soaked jeans.

Luna her eyes widened in shock and got completely flustered, "Mom? Dad?! What are you doing here?!?!"

Suddenly Luna stood face to face with her parents, standing right in front of her with a smile on their face.

Chloe made a "Ooh" sound.

"Ooh...no, what happened?" Her mother started, her father finished sounding understanding, "Did you have an accident? Is this because of the test drug you talked about? Is it still in your system?"

"uh...uhm..." Luna stammered, and locked up.

Chloe intertwined and gave a vague explanation, "Yea, so many people on the train, so few toilets... the lines were really long so accidents happened!"

While Chloe explained Vicky and Selena came standing next to them.

"All four of you?" Her mom questioned, sounding suspicious. Meanwhile her father rose an eyebrow, seemingly thinking the same.

"Uh... erm..." Luna really had no answers, her mind had short circuited completely at the moment she stood in front of her parents.

The others didn't have any means to answer either, as they didn't know Luna's parents all that well no one felt like they should answer in Luna's stead.

Vicky broke the silence, "Oh there's my ride! Come Selena."

After saying their goodbyes Vicky and Selena walked away in the direction of the staircase where a couple was standing, must be Vicky's parents. Meanwhile the remaining people were slowly leaving and the crowd dissipated.

Luna finally spoke up, and mumbled "How come you guys are here?"

"We knew at what time your train would be arriving so we thought it would be nice to come and surprise you to pick you up, so you don't need to take the bus at this hour!" Her father said with a smile.

Sometimes her parents tried to be too nice... this was one of those moments.

Luna was mad at herself for not sending a text earlier to her parents to at least let them know of her plan to ride with Chloe to her house...

She couldn't refuse now they were standing in front of her...

On top of that, with their standing around while talking to each other, most of the people had left, no more crowd to try and hide her wet jeans...

Together they made their way down the stairs and through the main building of the station, Luna felt like the sound of their footsteps were echoing even more than usual through the big building. She tried to ignore the stares of the couple of so people standing around, for sure some were doing a double take looking at Luna and Chloe's wet jeans.

They went through the doors and were now standing outside, right in front of the station. Rain was pouring out of the sky, making street lights reflect in the first puddles that were forming...

"Well, I guess I have a bus to catch," Chloe said timidly, trying to hide her disappointment.

Chloe sounded devastated, clearly she had been looking forward to their evening together just as much as Luna had.

Luna wanted to oppose to the situation, she didn't want to leave Chloe on her own so suddenly, in wet jeans and having to take the bus all on her own in the middle of the night. But before she could say anything.

Chloe gave her a fist bump to the shoulder while she said, "See you around buddy!"

This was the way Chloe would've acted a couple weeks ago before... everything. But now it felt weird, wrong, awkward... she at the very least wanted to give her a goodbye kiss or something, but instead Luna only brought up a weak "See ya."

Her parents couldn't find out... at least not yet.

Chloe turned around and made her way into the pouring rain towards the bus stops, dragging her suitcase.

Luna hated everything about this situation as she started walking towards their car with her parents, glancing back at Chloe's silhouette.

When they got to the underground parking lot her mother had noticed something...

"Is there something else wrong? You look down. Or just feeling bad about peeing your pants?" Her mother chuckled at the last part.

Luna spoke her mind, "I don't like it how I left Chloe alone to get a bus this late at night. The plan was that I would take the bus with her and drive to her home."

She explained the plan minus some obvious details to her parents while sitting in the car as they drove out of the parking lot. Telling them how she was gonna spend the night at her place, probably watch a movie or something (well that was a lie)

Her mom asked all bubbly, "Oh like a good old girls sleep over?"

"Well, what bus stop is she at?" her father suddenly asked casually while driving out in the street.

Luna smiled, she knew her father all too well...

A minute later of driving and they arrived at the bus stop, a single silhouette was standing under the bus shelter, hiding from the pouring rain. Luna felt bad letting her go on her own earlier... she looked like a lost puppy.

They stopped the car in front of the stop while Luna dropped the window and poked her head out, "Want a ride?"

Chloe's head lit up when she saw it was Luna, "Yes, that would be nice!"

Now both of them were sitting in the back seat, each in wet jeans and on a plastic bag to protect the seats from their wet jeans. They luckily had them in the trunk of the car.

They were heading in the direction of Chloe's house when her mother started a conversation while sitting in the passenger seat.

Asking how the trip went and if the test drug wasn't too much of a problem.

Luna and Chloe both responded that the trip had been amazing, the cruise and ship were fantastic, they kept the rest of the details vague and left out the toilet system and it's weird rotations, and of course they left out how they had started to skip the toilets more and more often throughout the cruise.

While explaining Luna handed her mom her phone, and showed off pictures she had taken from the cruise. During the whole cruise she had made sure to not take photo's that had any evidence of wet peed pants, she was pretty certain it was safe to show the pictures.

Her father followed up with a question during the conversation while driving, "Not too many accidents? Seemed like your friends also didn't manage to make it in time earlier huh?"

Luna and Chloe answered vaguely, trying not too give the truth away that it was done on purpose.

"It wasn't too bad."

"Just had to be a bit careful I guess?"

But her parents knew her better than she realised...

Mom: "You and your friends didn't have accidents earlier didn't you? Something tells me that was deliberate wasn't it?"

Luna got caught by surprise, "Erm... well... it went like, like..."

Luna wasn't quick enough with finding an explanation.

Dad: "I already thought something like that went down, it's like that one time your mother told me about... remember... on vacation during the winter?!"

Her father and mother chuckled while driving through the rainy night, Leaving Luna and Chloe confused.

Mom: "Your father is talking about that one time when you were little, and you wet your snowpants on purpose while building that snowman!"

Luna froze in shock, her mouth fell open in pure horror. She had no clue... she thought she had gotten away with that and had kept it a secret for so long... but they had known all this time!

Her parents laughed over the memory. Chloe grinned, knowing this story from Luna's perspective during the trip, finding it humorous that her parents knew all along.

"UUhhhhh....." Luna had no words. "I...I guess?!"

Just when Luna thought she had gotten the last surprise of the evening... her mother was now holding up her phone and showed off one particular photo...

This was so much worse...

Luna's face turned pale seeing the picture.

In horror she realised how she had fucked up and how it had happened:

That picture came originally from her old phone... the one which Peyton had send her via snapchat... her new phone must have imported it and threw it in the folder with all the others.

Peyton had taken that picture on the night that Luna and Chloe's friendship had changed forever, it showed them all snuggled up to each other and in the middle of a deep loving kiss...

Chloe was the first to speak while Luna was still in shock, sounding as casual as she could, "Oh yea that... we were kinda drunk... and you know, they dared us for a bet..."

She put her everything into acting like it wasn't anything more than a drunk bet, it was very convincing Luna felt... but that picture definitely looked like a lot more than just a drunk kiss.

Luna took a breather when she answered, "Yea just a stupid dare."

Her mom showed it to her father as well when he blurted out, "That must've been quite the bet!"

Her parents both asked at the same time, "What did you win though? You must've bet for something right?"

"Uhhh..." Both Luna and Chloe were trying to come up with a realistic lie,

But her mom suddenly noticed her phone and asked, "Hold up, this isn't your old phone, I remember it had a cracked screen, where does this new one come from?"

Dad: "Isn't that the new flagship android? That's super expensive! Where does it come from?"

"Uhhh..." Everything was unravelling so fast, she couldn't keep up with making up stories that would fit all of this without telling her parents what really happened between her and Chloe.

"Uhh... right here is perfect, over there is my house." Chloe suddenly said and pointed towards the big property.

Luna her head was spinning from trying to keep up with the conversation, she hadn't been paying attention to the road and realised they had already arrived at Chloe's house.

The modern looking villa was shrouded in darkness, with an automatic gate and fence that went around the property. Luna had only been here once before.

"And what did you say again your parents did?" Her father asked surprised when seeing the villa.

Chloe didn't get the chance to answer as Luna's mother asked a different question, "So are you coming home with us or are you staying for your 'girls sleepover' you spoke about earlier?"

Luna's head was drowning in thoughts, her mother had a clear sarcastic undertone when she had said 'girls sleepover' was she unto her?Now that her mother asked this seemingly simple question her mind started racing in turbo mode.

What must her parents be thinking about that picture? It was so unlike her to do anything of the sort, and the excuse? "It was just a drunk bet" That's nothing like her at all!

If she got out now would it be even more suspicious? On the other hand that meant she could dodge any follow up questions that would definitely come on the car ride home... and she absolutely couldn't make up any credible answers right now...

Luna took in a deep breath and acted cool when she answered.

_________________

"You think your parents believed it?" Chloe asked while they walked up to her front door and unlocked the door.

Luna her head was spinning, "I don't know...I hope so I guess."

Honestly problems for later... there was nothing she could do or change what her parents were thinking right now, she could always try to deny it afterwards if they had any ideas... more importantly, after everything that had happened she was right at the place she wanted to be... so she didn't feel like worrying about something she didn't have any control over right now.

The door went open and Chloe turned off the alarm, "Oh god I'm glad I'm home, I really need to pee and was starting to get worried I wouldn't make it through the car ride!"

The lights went on and even though Luna had been here before she was impressed when they entered the main living space.

It consisted of modern designer looking furniture while two sides of the house was fully in glass, overlooking the terrace, garden and swimming pool. It felt incredibly spacious.

She took it all in and moments later Chloe popped up again coming from the open kitchen, with a bottle of liquor for drinks and glasses filled with ice in her hands, she was fidgeting from needing to pee, "Lets go, quick, follow me outside!"

Chloe slid open the big window and they entered out into the chilly night, not a moment after they had stepped foot out unto the terrace she let out a loud moan.

Not surprisingly Chloe promptly started rewetting her jeans, the lights build in the flooring of the wooden terrace was making her jeans glisten from the wetness pouring into her jeans. Without as much as a thought Luna followed and let her own full bladder relax in her jeans as she kept walking after Chloe. She relished the feeling as her cold and clingy jeans warmed up and felt all nice again...

Both kicked out their shoes and while still midstream they stepped into the hot tub that was adjacent the pool, with clothes and all they got in and relished in the warm bubbling water. Next to the hot tub was a small area with a barbecue it seemed, it had a roof over it that extended over the hot tub, they could hear and see it raining while being sheltered.

Chloe poured two drinks and they enjoyed their night, completely carefree enjoying each others company. After a while and a couple of drinks the girls started to make advances, dropping their soaked clothes next to the hot tub. They didn't need to be worried about making too much noise, the next neighbouring house was too far away and they didn't need to be scared of any onlookers, the house was theirs.

After Luna threw her panties with the rest of her soaked clothes she slid closer, and gave Chloe a soft and lingering kiss. She whispered, "This is perfect."

"You're perfect." Chloe said back,

"Please never call me 'buddy' again though." Luna joked,

Both girls laughed their asses off for the awkward interaction that had happened earlier at the train station.

Luna could feel the soft touch on her skin from Chloe caressing her body, she leaned in even more, wanting more.

They had all the time in the world, for all they cared they could enjoy each other all night... they spend their time relaxing, enjoying a couple drinks... and eventually started making love to each other.

When Chloe's hand went down and Luna could feel how Chloe's fingers were teasing her clit she knew she would finally get relieve from what happened in the train, she had gotten dangerously close to getting an orgasm, but right now she wanted nothing more to let Chloe make her climax.

The sound of the rain hitting the roof and floor tiles was getting mixed with the moans coming from both of them.

Luna was in heaven, she wasn't even sure anymore how many times she came during their love making, it was all blending together.

Shivers of delight where going through her body everytime Chloe caressed her, their bodies pressed together while they lost themselves in their love making.

__________

A while later while laying in the warm water, with steam rising out of the hot tub. Taking a small break from each other... Chloe announced she was getting a refill on ice, as it was already gone for a while by now. And getting something else to drink.

Fully naked she got out of the hottub and walked to the house, leaving a trail of droplets of water. With the glass walls and all the lights on it was easy for Luna to watch her girlfriend walking through the house. So she did and enjoyed the view.

Still casually enjoying the view when Chloe came back with fresh ice and a bottle of something else.

"Enjoying the view?"

"Uhu, very hot!"

"I meant the house of course!" Chloe joked,

Luna played along, "Ooh! Sure the house is nice as well."

Both girls laughed to their hearts content as Chloe lowered herself back in the hot tub and crawled back in her lovers arms.

________________

They had no idea what time it was by now, but both girls decided they had had enough and got out of the hot tub. Dried themselves off and made their way inside.

Luna felt completely comfortable being butt naked in Chloe's presence, to her own surprise, especially knowing she wasn't in her own house, let alone the house being so open.

She felt a little bit unstable on her feet as well... oh maybe the drinks had something to do with that as well. Still though, she felt comfortable as they walked through the house completely naked. She happily followed a just as naked Chloe towards her bedroom.

For the first time she entered Chloe's bedroom, not even surprised it was at least twice the size of her own bedroom, with a king size bed in the middle and a tv with a gaming console at the other end of the room.

"Just a reminder, the mattress isn't like the one on the cruise..." Chloe said playfully,

Luna rolled her eyes, "Me? Wet the bed? I would never!"

Both girls giggled as Chloe continued, "Mattress is not protected just so you know."

Luna acknowledged this, she knew very well that her bedwetting days like on the cruise were over.

They jumped in bed while still naked, crawling close to each other, cuddling.

She enjoyed the touch of Chloe's bare skin against her own, she leaned in even more while Chloe started kissing her in her neck...

Ok maybe they weren't completely done yet, Luna gladly followed Chloe's advances and they continued their love making.

Their kisses deepened and moans of pleasure filled the room as they further explored each other bodies, pleasuring each other and bringing each other to higher heights of ecstasy as they got closer and closer to their climax.

Chloe was now giving kisses in Luna's neck while she laid on top of her. Luna noticed how Chloe was gently rubbing her wet pussy against her leg, she helped her by pushing her leg more up against her crotch. Chloe moaned in response.

When suddenly Chloe stopped the kisses, "I need to pee so fucking bad right now." and let out another moan as she continued to grind against her leg.

Luna felt something wet and warm trickle down her leg... A shiver of pleasure washed over her as she realised Chloe just peed a little right there on her leg in bed, but her consciousness made her speak up, "Are you sure? Here in bed?"

Chloe didn't say anything and went back in and continued kissing Luna, who deepened the kiss and let her tongue dance with Chloe's.

She could feel the warmth streaming down her leg, hearing Chloe's stream of pee hiss against her leg while it was making it's way down to her own crotch. Feeling the warm liquid streaming over her own pussy and into the bed.

Chloe didn't stop and let her whole bladder empty over Luna and her bed, the girls were too far in their lovemaking to stop for something trivial as pee and instead relished the sensation even more. Without giving it anymore thought Luna enjoyed how she could feel Chloe's warm pee stream down and pool around her in the bed.

The bed was soaking wet on one part by the time Chloe was done, and without any hesitation or warning Luna let her own bladder relax, letting her own stream of pee out, Chloe only moaned when she could feel it splattering on her own skin but didn't do anything to make her stop wetting her bed. Instead of stopping her she moved her hand down and started rubbing Luna's clit while she was still peeing. Pee was spraying around in bed but Chloe didn't seem to care one bit anymore.

Luna couldn't hold back anymore and had a shattering orgasm while still midstream...

Having finally come to the end of their love making, they were panting next to each other in the wet bed.

"Luckily the bed is less wet on the other side..." Luna laughed, realising the bed was so big that one side was still mostly dry and still big enough for the both of them.

"We can also just go and sleep in the guest bed to be honest." Chloe said while chuckling at what they had done,

They cuddled in each others arms while falling asleep, not caring and remaining in the wet bed.

"Love you." Chloe whispered,

"I Love you too."
