My fantasies

Author: lurkerabove

*000*2015-06-10 02:32

So I have a lot of fantasies relating to desperation and omorashi, like I'm sure a lot of people. And I've seen a lot of fiction that people write doesn't really match up with what I enjoy. So I figured I'd just write my own. And as long as I'm writing my own I figured I'd put it up for everybody else to enjoy. So here goes.

Jenny and I had been dating for two months now. We met online and both knew about each other's fetishes, so we clicked super quickly. I loved seeing her bursting for a pee, and she loved being desperate. It was the perfect match.

We arrived home after the movie -- we'd done this enough times already that we knew exactly how much Jenny had to drink, and when, during the movie, so that she'd get home full, but not quite desperate. Neither of us were really into public wetting, and we needed to leave some time for fun at home before she got so desperate she wet herself.

I shut the door behind us and looked at her with a grin. She smiled at me innocently, with her legs pressed tightly together, knees slightly bent. You might not know it if you weren't paying attention, but I knew she was dying to grab herself in desperation. We both dropped our bags and without words embraced and started making out. I put my hands behind her head and licked her lips gently. Jenny leaned back against the wall and nibbled at my tongue, grinding slowly against my thigh, in an effort, I knew, to keep her panties dry.

10 minutes later we were still making out, and I'd noticed Jenny had been slowly grinding harder against me. I leaned back and stared into her eyes. "Ready?"

"5... 5 more minutes..." Jenny stared back at me, puppy dog eyes, bobbing up and down with a slight urgency.

"You sure? You look worse off than normal..."

"I want to push myself today"

I didn't need telling twice. I dove back in and our lips locked. Jenny was really squirming now, full on dry-humping my leg, bobbing up and down. Suddenly she squealed and shoved me away mid kiss and jammed both of her hands deep into her jeans.

"Jenny!' I cried in mock frustration. She looked up at me shyly, long brown hair covering part of her face.

"I need to pee" she whispered, smiling.

"Did you leak?"

"..."

I gently pulled her hands out of her crotch and reached my hands in to feel. Yup, ever so slightly damp. "You've been a naughty girl, I say. "15 minutes, no holding." I grabbed my phone and started a timer.

Jenny whimpered. I knew she was loving it, though. She folded her arms across her chest and started doing the most amazing pee dance I'd ever seen. Her legs scissored back and forth irregularly and she continued to bob up and down. Once a minute or so she froze and squeezed her eyes shut.

With 5 minutes left she gasped a bit and unfolded her arms but managed to stop from grabbing herself. I smiled widely as I saw her tense every muscle in her body, and a dark spot slowly emerged on her jeans. A few seconds later Jenny opened her eyes and I could see the spot had stopped. I stood up and walked behind her and wrapped my around around her stomach. Jenny immediately shoved her butt into my crotch and squirmed, breathing heavily. I gently unbuttoned her jeans and let them fall to the ground. Jenny kicked them into a corner and resumed her dance, with me behind her.

I reached one hand into the depth of Jenny's panties to feel the wetness. As I expected her panties were soaking wet, but she was still managing to hang on. I placed my fingernails on her bladder, right above her white panties, and Jenny let out an audible, but tiny, gasp. She knew exactly what was coming. I began to gently scratch my fingernails over Jenny's bare skin, her bare skin pulled tight over her bladder. I wasn't even pressing, just.... scratching. Jenny started to whimper as I heard a brief hiss. I looked down and saw a tiny trickle of pee running down Jenny's bare legs, still dancing. I applied a bit of pressure and Jenny's reaction was immediate. She gasped, froze, and I could feel her entire body trembling against mine.

I relented for a moment and allowed Jenny to regain control. She slowly resumed her frantic dancing as I began massaging her bladder ever so gently, all ten fingers rubbing just under her belly button. Suddenly Jenny squealed as a burst of pee exploded from a few inches beneath my hands, a not-so-tiny waterfall bursting through her panties. She managed to stop, but I kept rubbing, this time not relenting, massaging harder now. Not three seconds later another spurt came, bigger this time, but still Jenny managed to stop, barely. Another spurt, and another, and pretty soon Jenny gave up the fight and leaned back into me, exhausted from her struggles, a cascade of pee pouring down her legs.

I leaned my chin on Jenny's shoulder and whispered into her ear. "Couldn't hold it, huh." I grinned. Jenny turned around, pee still running down her bare legs, and kissed me square on the lips.

