She (Probably) Likes to Hold Her Pee

Author: Aloe

*000*2021-01-05 20:45

Hey guys,

It’s been awhile huh? Didn’t think I’d be posting her again anytime soon. But things have calmed down a bit thankfully. I’m also recently single, so I’m feeling much more open to posting without worrying about crossing some sort of line, you know? Despite all the social distancing, I’m feeling much more social nowadays, and just a little bit creative in the writing department.

This story is loosely inspired by real experiences I had with an older woman I used to be friends with, who seemed to be desperate to pee very often. I saw her again recently, and lo and behold, she looked like she had to pee again. It made me wonder whether she was actually doing it deliberately, since she would pass up a bathroom visit just as often. Obviously I took creative liberties, plenty of them, because what fun would it be if I didn’t? But it is inspired by real experiences with an older woman that couldn’t be bothered to visit the bathroom. With that said, all characters and circumstances are fictional in every way, and it’s all for entertainment purposes. Hell, I may write multiple parts. But anyways, I hope you enjoy!

*

You know how when your mind plays tricks on you when you want to see something? Like wishful thinking? Someone looks like they need to pee, but they probably don’t? Most of the time it’s just you being horny af in public and not knowing what to do with all that thirst. So what if they’re tapping their foot? They’ve been in line for 20 minutes, they’re probably sick of waiting in line! At the end of the day, there’s a million reasons why someone would be tapping their foot.

But there’s not a million reasons why someone would be stepping from side to side, crossing their legs, bobbing up and down, and biting their lip. That’s a pretty clear indication that someone has a full bladder; and unless they go to the restroom, they’re going to get more desperate, and it’s going to be even more obvious to everyone in the room. Correct me if I’m wrong, but most normal people would go to the bathroom if they were desperate enough that it showed, right? Especially if the bathroom is right down the hall, and it’s an hour drive home, right?

A few days ago, I saw someone that met that exact description. It was sexy and baffling at the same time. I’m not complaining, but I am asking, “why did they decide to hold their pee even longer?” See, not only is this not the first time I’ve seen this person desperate, but it’s not the first time I’ve seen her pass up a bathroom either.

Her name is Yvette. When I was in my early twenties, I used to do a lot of volunteer teaching at a private school, as part of an internship program for my degree. Conveniently, one of her kids was in the class I was a TA in. She volunteered at the school frequently as well, so I would see her very often. Also conveniently, she was (and is) the definition of milf: a single mom in her late 30’s with tan skin, wavy hair, a pretty face, and curvy in the right places. Occasionally she wore tight shirts or blouses that, at minimum, made eye contact more challenging than usual. But without being too crude, her ass definitely stole most of my extra attention. I did my best not stare when she would turn around, but you could tell she worked out, which only supplemented her natural shape and beauty. Her muscly calves climbed to her thick, firm thighs, and ended at her curvy hips and plump, incredibly distracting ass.

I’m sure she knew what she looked like when she walked out the door, no ones accidentally that sexy. At first I hesitated, because I’d never found myself attracted to an older woman before. But I don’t think I’m flattering myself when I say that the flirtatious attention she would give me was all the validation I needed. It was never explicit, but the comments she would make, the way she would laugh; we would actually flirt often, thinking back on it. There were many times when the chemistry spoke for itself, and I would always get a little excited to subtly flirt with this hot, older woman, and watch her big ass saunter away after she flashed me a sweet smile.

Obviously, when she’d walk in the room, I would notice. So over time, I also happened to notice that she was usually relaxed when she would show up, but would always be a little restless when she would come to pick her kids up. Sometimes she appeared physically uncomfortable, or even nervous. But when we would talk, she would stay and chat as if she had all the time in the world. I didn’t think much of it, because from what I knew at the time, she was a busy woman. It started happening more often though, and one day she walked into the room, and it was clear as day to me that she really needed to pee.

She came in to pick up her son, us having a pleasant conversation as usual, when I noticed the click- clack of her wedge heels on the tile floor. She was stepping gently in place, to and fro, back and forth, still chatting as if nothing was wrong. She crossed her legs, visibly squeezing them together, and uncrossed them again, only to recross them the other way and squeeze again. Back and forth, back and forth. Not a full on comically dramatic pee dance that so many of us enjoy, but enough of a display that you could tell what was on her mind. It was ridiculously hard to pay attention to the conversation. My eyes kept straying to her supple thighs in tight jeans. At one point she bent a little at the waist, her knees buckled slightly, before she straightened her legs and tapped her feet. She definitely had somewhere to be, and I ended up walking out with her since I was shutting the classroom down.

She walked right past the bathrooms on the way out, and continued to surreptitiously pee dance in front of me. Her feet were leaving the ground, and her eyes began to betray her need, maybe unbeknownst to her. There was a subtle expression of urgency on her face, yet we still stood there, talking and subtly flirting, Yvette asking leading questions about my life.

I was standing perfectly still, and she hadn’t stood still for the past 5 minutes. If she wasn’t crossing her legs, she was moving them around.

It was the elephant in the room at this point; more accurately the elephant in the parking lot, because we were outside getting ready to leave. As much as I wanted to see her wet herself in a dramatic display of fetish fuel, it was time to call it a day. I was starting to stare, and I didn’t want to be more obvious than I probably already was. I headed for my car and said goodbye, and she headed for hers too, which was parked much closer than mine. She squirmed at her trunk as she loaded up her sons backpack, got in the car, and drove away. In my head I’m thinking, “it’s an hour drive from where we’re at to where they’re from. Did she just pass up a perfectly good bathroom and drive home with a full bladder?” I don’t know everything, but I believe the answer is yes. I never really understood why she did that. Why did she not just pee before driving an hour back home?

I had a few other desperate encounters with her after that, which I may get into later. But that was the first time I ever saw her definitively desperate to pee. Any other time could’ve been chalked up to undiagnosed restless leg syndrome. But that encounter right there put every other time I saw her in a fidgety and squirmy state into a different perspective. Suddenly, it seemed very likely that, at least every 2-3 classes, Yvette would show up desperate to pee. I always thought she was in some sort of rush, but potentially, she actually had a full bladder on a regular basis, which gave me even more reason to talk her ear off.

But why? She was a busy woman, so I figured she probably didn’t have the opportunity to pee before coming to pick up her son. But strangely, she didn’t seem to be in any rush to end the conversation. Sometimes she would, but other times she wouldn’t, and she would linger while fidgeting subtly on the spot.

Am I reading too much into this? Probably. I have a pee fetish, which is probably the only reason I noticed her subtle pee dancing in the first place. But I’ve always been a very observant, logical person. If I saw odd behavior in a classroom, either from a student, a parent, a teacher, or anyone for that matter, I would’ve asked questions. It just so happens that it’s an incredibly hot woman, that might be restless because she always needs to pee.

As exciting as that prospect was, I couldn’t help but scratch my head. It just didn’t make any sense. The bathroom was right there, down the hall. According to what she told me, she usually showed up early to get good parking and beat the traffic on the way to school. She had plenty of time to pee, so why didn’t she? I mean, when I have to pee, I’m usually quick to cut off the conversation and go for a pee at my next opportunity. That’s me, the guy with the pee fetish. I know it’s smart to take those opportunities, but she never seemed to take those opportunities. I just didn’t get it.

That’s assuming she had to pee every time she showed up like that. There had to be a logical reason. Maybe she was embarrassed, because her need to pee was more obvious at some times than others. That made sense. But for a fraction of a second, I thought that she might be doing it on purpose.

Ludicrous. Stupid. Why would she do it on purpose? No one does anything like that on purpose.

Except a lot of people hold their pee on purpose; myself included, on a rare occasion. Maybe I’m bored and I need to finish a round of COD (you can’t pause those). Maybe I’ll go a few rounds. It keeps me sharp. Judge me. Anyways, It always felt like a vaguely plausible possibility, but “my milf crush holding her pee on purpose” always seemed like a ridiculous phrase to even utter, with no basis in reality. It never occurred to me as a real possibility.

Until recently.

I no longer teach at this place. I got ridiculously busy with college; and after I graduated, I knew I needed to move on to greener pastures. I have a lot of friends that still teach here though, and I hadn’t seen them in forever. I was chatting with them online about the whole pandemic, and on a whim last week, I decided to visit. I had been trying to visit for ages after all. Yvette didn’t even cross my mind, since I hadn’t seen her in so long. I was actually dating other women at the time. My mind couldn’t have been further from her.

I let my friends know I was coming obviously. I’m not just going to barge through the front door and start dishing out high fives. I’d get tackled by the ridiculously intimidating security guard. Everyone knew me very well there however, so generally speaking, checking in was just a formality. Most of the original staff was there, and they were all surprised to see how much I had changed. The last time I worked here I was in my early twenties. Now I’m almost 30, a college grad, and I have facial hair. I think my voice got deeper too. Either way, it felt good to show up and show off just a little, and it was awesome to see so many of my friends so accomplished. I forgot how much I missed working there to be honest with you.

”So you’re still alive huh?” My buddy Andres asked ironically.

”Barely. I still have bad allergies. Every time I sneeze I feel like I’m going to get shot on sight.”

”You took your Claritin before showing up right? I don’t want to kick your ass in front of everyone.”

”Okay Kobra Kai. Aren’t you an English teacher? What happened to using your words?”

”I’m off the clock little man.”

”You’re too old to be fighting, you’ll break a hip.”

It was always fun talking shit to Andres. He was a fighter back in high school, and his idea of starting a conversation was going for a jab and stopping right before it hit your face. He was in his early thirties, and honestly he mellowed out a lot since he had a kid. This was him being mellow, believe it or not; he lives his life on hyperdrive. Man do I feel bad for his wife. What an angel.

He was definitely a better fighter than me, and if we sparred I probably wouldn’t win. But I was funnier than him, and I had “old man” jokes for days. The pen is mightier than the sword they say. I mean it’s not; not literally anyway. But that’s what they say.

He was wrapping up his class, and then we were going to get some lunch. I told him I would meet him there, since I felt like a dunce standing in the hallway of a steadily emptying school. Besides, it’s give me an opportunity to save us a seat.

My departure couldn’t have been better timed. As I was walking towards my car, heading for the front gates, I saw my favorite bodacious brunette, about to walk right past me to the parking lot. She blinked twice before she excitedly said hi, not initially recognizing me under my face mask.

“Rio? Is that you!?” She muffled through her face mask.

I blushed almost instantly, all of my pleasant memories of her flooding through my mind like a broken dam. I hadn’t been flustered like this in awhile, but I was quick to recover from the initial shock of seeing my milf crush in person after so many years.

”Yvette!? Hey!!!” I cheered, as my initial shock turned to positive energy.

”Whaaaat are you doing here?” She said playfully, her pleasant smile apparent even while concealed under her face mask. Her eyes were warm and inviting. Her body hadn’t changed. If anything, she looked better.

Stay focused.

We caught up on things. How I was doing, how she was doing, how her kids were doing, all the typical stuff. Her kids weren't with her today, they all moved on to other schools. Turns out she actually worked with the school now as an event coordinator. She got hired as a staff member a few years after I left, and she decided to stay on board and stay involved, despite her son having moved on to another school.

Also, she was still single. That was music to my ears.

”You must really like it here if you stayed this long!”

”I really do. Besides, they made me an offer I couldn’t refuse!”

”I’m sure they did, we always loved having you around. It’s a good thing I don’t work here anymore, we’d never get anything done.”

I blushed at the brazenness of what I had just said. But I said it playfully and with confidence, and she giggled as I said it. Not a bad reaction at all!

She seemed distracted, even though her children weren’t with her. She had something else on her mind. My mind flashed back to the time she pee danced in front of me several years earlier, swaying her glorious hips back and forth, pretending it wasn’t obvious that her bladder was full and in urgent need of relief. In that moment I glanced down briefly at the sounds of her tapping feet, just in time to see her cross her legs, squeeze, and uncross them again.

”So what’re you up to now?”

”Oh you know just making my rounds for the day. We have a big event coming up!”

But it was hard to focus now that the thought had come over me. For some reason, she was having a very hard time staying still. She crossed her legs regularly, squeezing them subtly at the ankles. Her supple thighs squeezed against each other as she crossed her legs. She squeezed again for good measure, and her face showed some sort of effort as she smoothly uncrossed her legs, probably attempting to hold it with the aid of her muscular thighs. It wasn’t as obvious as the last time she was pee dancing, but it looked like a pee dance nonetheless. Constant movement. Her feet tapping, stepping around slightly, constantly fidgeting or squirming in some capacity. Her legs shifted positions every 15 seconds. I was very close to resolving that I would keep this conversation going as long as possible, just to be evil and delay her even more. But she did all the work for me.

”I don’t suppose I could convince you to come and lend a hand every now and then? We could use someone with your experience to get some good footage, especially for live events. You only get one shot at those.” She chuckles with bright eyes, legs tightly crossed.

”Depends, will you be there?” I teased, “I haven’t seen you in action yet!”

”Of course I’ll be there. I’m very hands on! Is that okay with you? You’d be paid of course, I can’t have someone like you working for free anymore.” She teased, recrossing her legs in the process.

”That’d be okay with me. Where do I sign up? Do you have time now orrrr?”

She has a moment of hesitation as she looked off towards the main office.

”You know I’ve already closed up shop for the day. Why don’t you come back later this week? I’ll get you all signed up then.”

”Sounds good to me. How does Friday sound?”

”Friday is perfect, that’s my easy day. How did you know?”

”I have a great intuition.” I smirked, doing everything in my power to ignore the sound of her jeans fabric rubbing against itself.

“Are you going my way, or do you have a few more errands to run around here?” I asked casually, giving her an out to take care of her filling bladder.

”Actually no, I’m done with all my errands for the day. I was just getting ready to leave! Lilly’s in college now, she picks up Ollie on her way back from class now. It’s just me and a whole lot of time on my hands!”

She was doing it again. Again. Here she was, squirming in front of me, with an open schedule, passing up another opportunity to use the bathroom. I unconsciously pictured her squirming even harder right in front of me, her sexy legs doing high knees in her tight jeans, a look of worry and lust across her face, and a steadily growing wet patch in between her thick thi-

“Well let me walk with you. It’s a dangerous neighborhood.” I teased, snapping myself from my daydream in favor of acting like a normal person.

She was free to use the bathroom if she needed to, it was right down the hall, easily within reach. But instead, she turned around and walked to the parking lot with me.

She did a brief shuffle when we went our separate ways. My heart skipped a beat, getting the impression that the urgency was rising. Despite the initial hesitation when we started chatting, we hugged without hesitation, despite social distancing. I don’t teach here anymore, and ironically, it felt much more comfortable for me to socialize with her now than before. I didn’t feel the pressure to be professional now that I wasn’t on payroll. She smiled her iconic dominantly sweet but subtly sensuous smile, her face mask off by this point, and she sauntered off again, potentially with a full bladder.

In that moment I couldn’t help myself. I took a beat to soak in the sight of her glorious body, her yellow blouse radiating the plaza, her torso slimming down to her narrow waist, full hips, and eye catching ass. She really did look just as good, if not better. She may have gained a little weight, but it went to all the right places. Her jeans struggled to contain her glorious ass as it swayed to and fro, tension evident in her lower body. I imagined for a second that she lost her composure, and had to double cross her legs as a squirt of hot piss poured down one of her firm legs. I imagined her dancing frantically in the middle of that parking lot, squirming and jiggling and clenching like no one was watching, but knowing I was.

I imagined that it was to no avail, and her colorful pee dancing took a dramatic turn. She gripped her crotch and bent over, her ass facing me and stretching her jeans, much like her bladder, to the bursting point. She breaks out in that borderline comical pee dance that you do when there’s no other option other than to prance and wriggle in every attempt to delay the inevitable, wet accident. I imagined that wet spot from earlier, growing to the size of a dinner plate, spreading up and across her gorgeous ass, before cascading down her light blue jeans, now dark blue in rivers, as she breathes a contented sigh of relief, and finally lets go. She’s peeing herself freely in the parking lot, a warm puddle forming around her feet as she breathes heavily and sighs with pleasure, before turning to me across the lot, giving me that sweet smile, and walking the rest of the way to her car.

After letting my imagination run wild for a fraction of a second, I composed myself and left. So much for saving a seat for Andres.

That whole day was full of pleasant surprises. Besides that awesome opportunity to see my friends and get some side work, I reconnected with my forbidden romantic interest in an exciting way. Yvette had no where to go, no place to be, and no kids with her. I was also 99% sure that she had to pee, and it wasn’t even the first time that I’ve seen her need to pee. She had all the time in the world to go and relieve her filling bladder, but she chose to skip a bathroom trip in exchange for an hour ride home, in traffic. It made no sense to me logically, so the plausibility that Yvette’s potentially desperate drive home was a deliberate act, rather than accidental, was huge in that moment. If this really is a regular thing for her, I couldn’t be luckier.

Why she skipped a bathroom trip so many times? Who knows. She may just not like public bathrooms. Obviously I’m not some guru that knows everyone’s bathroom habits. It could be wishful thinking at the end of the day; perhaps she does have restless leg syndrome. But I think there’s a certain point where it’s obvious that someone needs to pee. And when a pretty woman needs to pee, and puts off a bathroom trip regardless? There’s only a few kinds of people I know of that do that kind of thing, and a most of them are on this site! Honestly who cares why; it’s a nice spectacle regardless, in the middle of an otherwise boring day.

Maybe she had a perfectly normal drive home. Or maybe she did have to pee, but a full bladder is a casual thing for her, just another day at the office. Or maybe, as she sat in traffic, gripping the steering wheel and biting her lip as she wiggled her ass back and forth in her (very lucky) car seat, she took another swing of water, and buckled up for the ride.

I knew then that I was going to take plenty of time filling out that application this week. Friday couldn’t come soon enough.

*

“Finally.” She thought, smothering her juicy ass into the seat. She gripped her crotch as a wave rushed over her wriggling body, moaning gently under her breath as she wiggles her hips to regain control.

“Mmmf,” she groaned, twisting her face in effort.

She took a moment to let her thighs slide up and down, back and forth, blowing through her teeth as she bounced and squirmed in her seat, uninhibited by any watchful eyes. She gripped her crotch and couldn’t help but rub in a circle, the growing fullness of her bladder mixing with sexual pleasure for a euphoric sensation. It would be a scandalous thing to see a woman like her, on staff for that matter, putting on such a display; especially in front of increasingly pubescent students. Still, it made the day much more interesting.

With one last twist of her thighs, she relaxed to a more natural position, gripping her crotch for good measure.

“Ugh, I needed that.” She sighed under her breath.

She had been doing an increasingly terrible job of hiding her desperation in front of the cute intern. Well, former intern. She’d always know him as the cute intern though. Rio the cute intern. It had a certain ring to it. It was hard to pass up the attention, and even harder to hide her filling bladder during those long conversations. It was addicting though, and definitely added some flare to her otherwise boring day. He had a nice ass too.

She checked her GPS: 45 minutes home. The traffic wasn’t so bad today. She might make it all the way home without the usual dashing like a mad women into the local Starbucks. They knew her all too well for that.

This was much more manageable than usual. She could probably drive straight home honestly, if she really wanted to. But she did have to go grocery shopping.... maybe she’d stop by and put on a show anyway. If she really had to she could pee there. Why not?

She took a long swig from her thermos, her guilty pleasure. She bit her lip and took a long squeeze of her crotch, then buckled up for an impromptu shopping trip. It was just another day at the office. Well, another day at her office.

*002*2021-01-06 00:50

{{1 hour ago, wannawatch said:

That's one incredible HOT story!?

Really well-written, beautiful description of female beauty and offcourse desperation!

Loved it! Thank you for sharing.

}}

Gracias señor!

*004*2021-01-06 01:14

{{18 minutes ago, wannawatch said:

Ah! I see you once visited the site of "lumito" as well..

Glad to see you're back btw. Hope the writing feels better now.

Anytime you're taking up commissions again,, please let me know - I'd be seriously interested. No hurry though.

Enjoy your stay here!

}}

Ahaha Lumito huh? Refresh my memory

It feels much better actually, thank you very much. It was all taking up way too much of my attention and I needed to unplug. My affairs are very much in order nowadays!

I might start them up on a very limited basis sometime this year. It would really depend on the circumstances and the content tbh. I’ll definitely keep you posted though

*006*2021-01-06 03:30

{{24 minutes ago, warham1995 said:

Are there going to be a sequel or more of yvette and rio's relationship like going out on a date or rio visting yvette's house?

}}

I had a lot of fun with this, so there’s definitely going to be some follow up stories here

*008*2021-01-06 16:11

{{2 hours ago, Kreed said:

I adore your descriptions. Really hope to see those fantasies of Yvette's wetting come to fruition some day.

}}

Thank you! I try to be thorough hehehe.

I’ve got some rough ideas of how the next part will go. We’ll definitely see Yvette have an accident eventually

*010*2021-01-06 22:18

{{50 minutes ago, MrMakeherWait said:

This was very great and well written. I think I could probably have read a lot more guessing and stories from the guy's perspective before the "big reveal" that she enjoyed it... it was great.

}}

I thought about that, but I like to move fast. The real story is going to be their dynamic working with each other. Secrets don’t stay secret for long

*012*2021-01-07 02:01

{{1 hour ago, FullBladder85 said:

I'm loving this story so far, it's easily one of the best new stories I've read in a while, and I think it has a lot of potential to get even better in the next part. Thanks for writing this, please continue it.

}}

Thank you, I appreciate your feedback

