On the lam (a magical epic) - Page 2

Author: Nimbus

*025*2012-02-19 07:00

Of course the piece of junk ended breaking down Just outside of New Orleans. I groaned as I slammed my fist into the dashboard in anger. “Stupid piece of shit!” I yelled before turning to Annie.

“Come on, let’s just walk to Louisiana and try to find a mechanic or something.” She sighed.

“Ok.” I muttered angrily as I got out of the car and started walking with her by my side, she remained mostly silent as we walked into the city limits. I groaned as we marched through the streets of the southern city, teeming with people. I already felt a strange vibe as we continued to the middle of the city when we heard a miracle.

“Last call, try to win this Dodge Durango, last call for the competition.” A man called to our left.

I clutched Annie’s hand as I took off in a run dragging her behind me. I got overly excited as we broke through the crowd to find ourselves at an applicant table.

“Hello there, would you like to join the ‘hands on competition’?” A woman asked me with a deep southern accent.

“Sure what do we do?” I asked excited.

“All you do is pay a hundred per person to join and try to keep your hands on the car till you are the last person touching it, then the car is yours, the only cut is this competition doesn’t have any breaks or intermissions so it’s a real challenge. Want to join?”

I nodded my head and handed her two hundred dollars before ushering Annie to the silver Durango.

“This is amazing!” Annie said as we approached the vehicle that had around twenty people surrounding it.

“It’s a full out miracle.” I agreed.

“Attention contestants, the competition is about to begin, once we start there will be no breaks so get ready get set, begin.” The announcer said.

I practically slapped my hand on the vehicle in glee, I was ecstatic, a feeling that was short lived.

The competition stretched on for two hours before I saw Annie dancing in place with one hand lingering on the Durango cautiously. I knew she would pee herself like usual, it seemed like the only thing she could do lately.

There was four other people still with their arms on the vehicle, all of them girls, all of them desperate for the bathroom. Hell even I needed to go urinate, not to mention how hungry I was. Still I tried to remain my composure as I remained mostly still, only tapping my right foot as I watched Annie sympathetically.

She was bouncing from foot to foot with her left hand shoved into her crotch through the Yoga pants, I frowned as I saw the other four girls doing similar acts. I figured Annie would be the first to have an accident though. She crossed her legs for a few minutes before uncrossing them and pacing with one hand always on the vehicle, then hopping up and down, then crossing her legs.

I watched two other girls, about twenty slightly lean against the Durango with their legs crossed hopping up and down with tears brimming in their eyes before the finally took off in a run towards the bathrooms. I saw Annie watch them longingly, wishing to join them before she started her routine again.

I turned to the other two girls, both were attractive, one wore a denim mini-skirt, black heels and a red V-neck t-shirt, with dark skin and sleek black hair that cascaded down her curvy body down to her mid back. The other had a lighter skin tone with reddish brown hair, a slender body with even better curves, she wore light skinny jeans and a blue tunic. I watched them both kick their legs back in a frantic dance, their feet nearly kicking them in the back.

They both had one hand in their crotch and faced each other with tears threatening to run down their face as they struggled to keep their urine in. I felt sympathetic but I ignored it. I turned to face Alice who was slowing her routine till finally I watched as the back of her yoga pants rippled as urine presumably gushed down her legs, the flow cascaded down the back of her legs, multiple steams falling from her legs to the ground below as she moaned.

The stream of pee caused the yoga pants to ripple where the urine passed under until she fell into the puddle on her knees with both hands in her crotch sobbing. I watched with a mixture of pity and anger as she fled the scene, I turned to the other two girls, the dark skinned one peed herself from watching Annie and she two ran from the scene urine still gushing to the ground between her legs.

The other one approached me trying to seem seductive despite the urine threatening to burst from her bladder.

“Ya know, if you just let me win now, we could have a fling if you want.” She said in a soft purr as he left hand ran up my chest.

“I’ll pass.” I said reluctantly.

“Have it your way.” She pouted as she leaned against the car trying to keep from holding herself but eventually gave in and started her backwards kicking again.

The worst part was I seriously needed to use the bathroom and was doing little to stop the flow, the conversation with her alone had sent a small spurt into my boxers alone. Suddenly I felt my bladder burst and I just let it run down my legs. I stared in shock but kept my hand on the car, I turned to face the girl who was looking at me enviously, still desperately trying to hold her flow before it finally burst.

I watched as a stain rapidly appeared down the back of her jeans, the urine gushing between her legs before the flow ended leaving her in a puddle of her own urine and she still stayed approaching me once again.

“Look what you made me do you bad boy.” She said still trying to be seductive.

“Sucks for you.” I said my ears burning red. I stood there defiantly for maybe another thirty minutes before I saw the girl grow desperate again, but this time it seemed from something else. She groped her belly for a moment before I heard a similar noise to the one Annie admitted last night and I knew she made a bowel movement, which was enough for her and she fled and I won.

I smirked to myself as the announcer handed me the keys as Annie came back with our bags now dressed in hot pants and a midriff shirt.

I stared at her longingly as I told her I won and loaded the car before noticing how late it was.

“Let’s stay at a hotel tonight.” I said and she agreed.

We found a decent one and quickly settled in, this time sleeping in separate beds as the night fell,

Sirens blared but the world was nearly dead to me, all I cared was about kissing Annie, I acted like I hated her, but at the moment I was a hundred percent in love with her as she lay atop me in the grassy ditch where we made out when the sirens came closer and shots rang out. Each narrowly missing us, and still the sirens blared as we made a run for it.

Soon the image changed and we were on a beach somewhere and we walked in a daze as we held hands and approached a the ocean. I stepped into the cold body of water as it swirled around my feet and Annie completely sub-merged herself in it, resurfacing a few meters away and smiled. I grinned as I stepped towards her but the water boiled as my powers started to manifest.

I leapt back onto the sandy beach and Annie approached me but I took off in a run, still she followed and she cornered me at the end of a pier I don’t remember getting on, I looked into the water, my body aflame as she tried to touch me. In an attempt to protect her I leapt into the ocean and the cool water instantly extinguished my flame, and my life.

I floated to the bottom of the ocean only to be surrounded by mermaids, one who even looked Annie. I suddenly became revived as she kissed me and she dragged me through the water, away from my freaky powers, away from my shattered life, away from the people who now wanted to kill me.

I awoke with a start as I heard the door beginning to splinter from some force ramming at it from the other end. I panicked and shook Annie awake. I tossed her, her bag and shouldered my own as two Asylum guards burst into the room guns instantly trained on us.

“Come with us willingly, or get shot, either way is fine with us besides the hotel is surrounded.” The taller one said.

Suddenly I watched the guns magically tear from their hands before they slammed into each other, hard. “Come on.” Annie cried as she leapt out the second story window, I, surprised by her actions, followed her as sure enough came in contact with ten more guards. I watched Annie launch five of them before a bullet grazed her. I saw her fall back in surprise. Anger overtook me instantly. I felt jets of flame blast from my wrists incinerating four more men instantly. Then I attempted to hurl a fireball at another but my rage made me clumsy and the ball of flames went wild and burst through a building still on construction. I hurtled another one, this time hitting the man successfully. I watched him run away screaming body aflame when the building I hit exploded into a fiery inferno.

“Shit!” I exclaimed as I dodged fiery debris.

Ok so this chapter is short and the story will not be updated till fire ninja gets a point to where his story (not yet posted) and mine will intertwine, leave a comment:)

*027*2012-02-19 23:32

{{:

My story has allready gotten to " brain storming, where the ideas are sworming in my head. The one thing I liked so far from my ideas is the intro, it will start off with a not very detailed birth scene, of two twins with powers they can't controll. From there idk, but I do know, terro will be a asylum top elite guard who is currently at the holtel. I will be doing a bunch of flash backs in my story which will tell how terro and his sister Vivian got to where they are. So far I envision getting it all in one chapter, however, with what I have planned, there might be 2. I'll try to have the post up by Friday or before. Take in mind I have work 5 days in a row

}}

That sounds great, and take your time no rush

*028*2012-02-27 01:27

I gritted my teeth as I stared at the fiery remnants of my house, all that remained was a jar of peanut butter from the prison, a few burnt articles of clothing and a metal trap door beneath my feet. I gripped the small groove on the door and yanked it open to reveal a secret armory. I stepped inside and grabbed several guns off the shelf. I then grabbed a back suit from a glass container and put it on quickly.

The girl may be able to move things around with her mind and start fires but was she any match for my suit? It was fire and bullet proof to seven hundred degrees Celsius and had gauntlets that fired bebe sized bullets with more force and speed than a mini-gun, it had a jet pack strapped on the back that ran on anti-matter. I then tossed the rest of my gear in the back of my black Impala.

I stepped into the driver’s seat and took off for the military base. My wife and daughter would be at a motel for the night, and the agency may be sending “elite” members to apprehend the kids, but I wasn’t leaving anything to chance, including my son’s life. I raced forward and soon I found myself at the base’s gate.

“I need in I said as I stepped forward out of my car.”

“Sorry Jon, restricted access from this point.” One man said.

“Wish you hadn’t said that.” I muttered. I drew a grenade from the car, whereas most relied on shrapnel to be deadly, this relied on pure explosive firepower. I drew the clip and saw the two freak out. I counted to three before the grenade detonated. The flames swirled around my, and I used my anti-matter jetpack to keep me in place.

When the flames died out around me I found myself facing a large lot separating me from a helicopter hangar and a blackened destroyed car behind me. I stepped behind the car and suddenly anti-matter energy flowed from the palm of my gloves and it launched the shell of the car into the hangar door, ripping it from the walls. I then flew through the sky and landed within the hanger and moved my weapons into the large black helicopter and set them in the copter before stepping in, setiing it up and flying away.

A while later I passed up the war zone in New Orleans before tracking the fugitive to a small hotel outside of New Orleans. Clever, no one but me would look for them here.

I strolled through the hotel and stopped outside their door. I kicked it in and I saw my son jump up from the bed as well as Annie. Both of their clothes were soaked with urine and the girl still had pee trickling down her thighs.

Before asking questions I fired the gauntlet at Annie, she managed to stop most of the bullets before one sliced across her arm and suddenly fire billowed across my suit and my helmet instantly wrapped around my head just as I was covered by raging inferno. I fell onto my back as the flames died out, and I saw my son’s fists covered in flames.

“Son your hands… your one of them!” I cried in heartbreaking shock. He nodded his head sadly. “Are you fireproof.”

He cleared his throat. “Uh.. yeah, so you didn’t know that it was me at the house he started the fire?”

I didn’t answer him, instead I just pulled the clip off another grenade. Suddenly a powerful gust of wind shot the grenade out of my hand and threw the window where it exploded several meters away.

I stared at Annie in shock only to see her on the ground in pain as blood seeped from her arm, I turned around to see another girl behind me.

Ok so this was really short so I apologize, anyway I've been thinking, this says its a magical epic but I've been thinking this is more of a sci-fi... just a notion.

*030*2012-02-27 18:35

That would be correct:)

*032*2012-02-28 02:55

{{:

OH MY GOD O.O THAT IS INCREDIBLE :D

Why thank you:)

}}

{{:

Mmk, ima start my brainstorm on her story.

}}

Okey doke, I'll be waiting.

*033*2012-02-28 22:33

{{:

Sry for quoting all the chapter

}}

It's perfectly, fine, thanks for the kind comment:)

*034*2012-03-03 04:40

So I am currently waiting for fire ninja to update the side story however I thought I would mention I am currently writing a full length novel with actually ties to magic and based off the same premise of this story sorta though with different characters and no Omorashi

*037*2012-04-21 07:13

After what feels like forever I hope you guys still like this story and this will start out in Annie's POV.

I woke up what seemed like hours after Isaac's father had attacked us and the girl had appeared. I found myself in the back of the Durango dressed in new clothing. I wore Light colored skin jeans and a royal blue blouse, my feet bore red flats and I awkwardly checked down my chest to find myself in a new bra. from my position in the back seat I discreetly looked, sure enough I was in new panties as well. "Isaac, did you change me?" I asked awkwardly.

"Sorry." He apologized as he sped down the fast lane toward an unknown destination.

"Where are we going?" I asked sitting up and buckling myself in to the window seat.

"L.A.X. to catch a plane to Berlin Germany where we can try to hide out for some time." He informed me in a blunt tone as we raced down the lane, most likely breaking the speed limit.

"Uhm, why not a different airport?" I asked sitting upwards.

"I know a guy who can get us a free plane ride." He said plainly, I decided he didn't want to talk so I kept to myself as we sped down the lane. I began to wonder what had occurred in the previous hours but decided against asking and instead just sat bored in the back seat as he sped along. I tried to recall what I could but the last I remember was a girl in the doorway.

I ignored the lack of memory as we continued down the road, at least two days from LAX. I wondered what I could do to pass time. "When's are we stopping?" I asked sighing as I laid across the seats.

"Whenever I get to tired to drive. Why, do you need to use the bathroom again?" He asked a little irritably.

"No." I replied meekly as I felt my face begin to redden. "Just curious." I muttered, but at the bottom of my stomach I felt the tiniest twinge in my bladder and I knew, no matter how small the urge was now, I wouldn't hold it until we stopped. So I just laid there reminiscing of my old life. One particular memory came to mind. It was a few weeks before I was abducted and I was hanging out with one of my closest friends, Samantha. She was beautiful, tall with golden brown hair, large breasts a butt that attracted all the boys attention when she would pass them by with side swishes from her perfected walk.

Her eyes were like chocolate diamonds and her face was brilliant. Her only flaw was probably her slightly crooked nose which she broke when she was a child. We walked down the street in the afternoon, making our way towards my house. She grinned as we strolled their, but my bladder was so desperately full that I was bouncing up and down. I had worn hot pink skinny jeans and a white blouse, with black flip flops, while she wore a very revealing mini-skirt and a purple tunic. and black high heels.

"Oh come on Annie. You're too old to be this close to peeing yourself, we have an entire mile left to walk before we even make it to your house." She teased. I however didn't see any humor in the situation and just continued forward in my desperation. It was difficult to continue on, and my strides where short and consisted of my legs so tightly wrapped together I was practically hopping forwards. I felt tears form in the bottom of my eyes as we continued down the street. "Here's a deal, if you can make it three quarters of the way home before you pee your pants then I will pee my panties too." She said sticking her tongue out at me. I doubted she was serious, but I was determined to make it home either way, so I tried to force myself forward. I kept feeling my bladder pang and continuously struggled to keep from peeing myself. I managed to make it half way to my house when I felt myself begin to dribble. Nothing to intense, but I felt my white panties begin to moisten and I gasped.

There was little hope for me at this point but I continued forward. "Even if you pee yourself, it won't show." I groaned at my friend.

"Eh, it's still gross for me, regardless of weather it shows or not." She replied nonchalantly. I shrugged weakly and shuffled forward with my hands in my crotch as we continued onwards. We were probably five minutes from my house when I finally began to lose it. I felt the urine slowly leak out of my urethra. It burned as it began to slighter down my thighs, I noticed a stain slowly form around my crotch area as the urine began to spill out. The flow was like molasses, small amounts of urine streaming down my legs in one continuous flow and I knew it was futile to try and stop it.

I let go and suddenly urine exploded form my crotch and ran down the back of my legs, trickling inwards around my inner thighs and across my knees and back down my calves before pooling at the ground around my feet. watched as a dark stain grew on my legs and the warm urine ran down my legs. Finally the flow ended and I looked at my friend who had a stream running between her legs onto the sidewalk. I also noticed the large amount of people on the street watching us pee.

In one swift motion she pulled her panties from her skirt, after she stopped peeing, and tossed them aside like nothing and we continued onwards.

I found myself still stuck in the durango at the middle of night, now extremely desperate. Beads of sweat formed on my brow as I stared out the windshield as we approached the next city. I felt my legs bounce up and down before me. "Isaac, when are we stopping."

This town, at the nearest hotel." He replied tiredly.

I moaned softly as I sat on my heels, trying not to leave a stain on this seat as I desperately held my pee. I felt my panties begin to dampen before we finally stopped at a hotel. Isaac quickly got us a room, and physically picked me up as he rushed me to the bathroom. I had been frozen on the spot, and as humiliated as I was, I was glad that he was helping me. "Thanks." I muttered weekly as he set me down next to the door, unfortunately, it was too late. He slid the card in the slot and the urine slid from my urethra. I completely soaked my jeans in record time, the urine cascaded down my legs in large streams, with one stream trickling between my legs quickly. Soon a puddle was beneath my feet once again and I found myself in tears.

"Do I have to pee myself with you again?" A familiar tone rang from our hotel room. I looked inwards with bleary eyes to find Samantha lounging in the room.

"How... Did you get here, how did you no where we were?" I cried surprised, Isaac looked stunned but remained silent.

"You're not the only one with powers, and Annie, I have a lot, telepathy, tactile telekinesis, weird bladder filling, etc." She replied casually.

"So you were the one making me pee!" I accused angrily.

"On the contrary, I was strengthening your very weak, urinary infected pea sized bladder. I did make those girls at the car challenge pee themselves, and even Isaac to put him in his place. In fact if I stopped helping you, you would pee yourself every time you used your power, the only reason Isaac doesn't lose bladder control is because the pyrokinesis slowly dehydrates him." She said. "Also you got company." She said standing up.

*039*2012-08-20 21:31

{{:

Wow you were motivated for this series that's a lot put into this one. I've read the first three so far and they're pretty good, gonna catch up on the rest later.

}}

Oh man this story... it's been along time. Originally it was written as a non-omo story but I converted it too one. After a while you can see where I had given up on the real story though:/

