To Afraid To Ask - Page 2

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*031*2014-05-04 22:19

Hey guys, bet you didnt expect to see me so soon, told you I would get right on it! So this story, Harry is with Sirius and Remus and its got a bit of a plot twist which I wont be telling you about. I've been writing like crazy on it, but this is truly going to be a short story. So I hope you guys like it. Oh yeah, the Harry in this one will not have a problem with bedwetting, but he will have a small bladder. I have a few friends with tiny bladders so I have some experience with them. Anyways, enjoy!

Chapter 4

Harry spent the majority of the day just exploring the manor, and familiarizing himself with everything. To be honest he was truly just avoiding his two guardians, Sirius in particular. He felt so betrayed when he thought about what happened in the car.

Why didn’t Sirius believe him? Had he ever given him the impression that he had been lying? Why the heck would he lie about needing the toilet anyway? He shook his head, unable to answer those questions but not brave enough to ask the man himself. He stayed away even for lunch, ignoring the grumbling in his stomach.

He figured if he got truly starving he could just call Jilly right? After all she was his elf, but to be honest even if he was hungry, food didn’t sound so good to him at the moment. He didn’t want to eat yet. He hurried to his room, and grabbed his Firebolt, he always felt so much better when he was in the air.

A good fly was definitely what he needed and he planned on getting it. Unsure just where Remus and Sirius were in the manor, he stealthy made his way out of his room and the down the steps. He was nearly to the door when he saw his godfather poke his head into the kitchen and he froze, his eyes wide in fear.

“Hey kiddo, where you going?” Sirius asked quietly, though he saw the broom, it didnt take a genius to guess.

“To fly,” Harry replied warily.

“I would really like it, if you would ask to do things. I'm your godfather and I really don’t want to worry so much about you,” he told him seriously.

“Oh,” the teen replied slowly before he nodding. That was a reasonable request, parents did that to their children he could get that. “Okay, can I go flying?”

“Yes you can, but before you do. I think you and I need to talk,” he told the boy gently, gesturing for him to take a seat at the table.

“Why do we have to talk?” Harry asked with a sigh, he wanted to avoid this.

“I think you know why. I'm really sorry about what happened earlier. I really did think you were making joke,” Sirius told him sadly.

“But I wasn't, I don’t joke about stuff like that,” Harry said softly.

“Well I know that now, but I didn’t think. And I never meant for you to have an accident,” he continued.

“Alright,” Harry said softly as he thought that over. His godfather did sound sad, and he truly didn’t know. “I forgive you,” he said.

“Good, I don’t want us to be at odds,” he said cheerfully as he stood up. “Jilly said you didn’t eat lunch, I would really like it as well if you didn’t skip meals,”

Harry nodded slowly, his godfather sounded so responsible it was just weird to here. In honesty he was expecting this from Remus, and he stifled a grin knowing that the man had probably told Sirius what to say.

“Okay, I wont skip meals anymore,” he promised as he stood up and headed for the back door.

Sirius cleared his throat and looked pointedly at his godson. “Eat a sandwich and then you can go out flying,” he said quietly.

Harry sighed and grabbed the item off the plate that was sitting conveniently on the table, and shook his head and quickly made his way to the backyard. In his hunger he quickly devoured the sandwich before he finally took to the sky.

~*~*~*~*~*~

Meanwhile back in the house, Sirius was having a discussion with Remus, about how exactly they were planning on spending their summer. He was also discussing at lengths to the man that he wanted no part in having to discipline Harry. Merlin he hoped it wouldn't come to it, because he didn’t think he would be able to handle it. Remus though he gave him a pinched look, didn’t say anything to to that, so he was hoping that meant he didn’t have to be the bad guy to Harry.

He turned to look out the window, watching the child fly. Harry really did have Jame's talent on a broom and Sirius couldn't wait until he too got a new broom so he could go out and fly with him. He shook his head, and turned back to the talk, knowing it was nearly finished.

It was 3 hours later when Sirius found himself at the backdoor, calling Harry in for dinner. Everything smelled wonderful and he noted that the flying had done the boy some good, his cheeks were a bright rosy red.

“Go wash up, and we'll eat,” Sirius told him as he ruffled his hair as he passed.

“Okay,” Harry chirped, obviously in a good mood, and starving as it had been a while since he had eaten the sandwich. He quickly washed his hands and hurried back out into the kitchen and took a seat at the table.

His stomach growled audibly as he took in the pasta dishes on the table, he didn’t know what to choose from. The house elves always went overboard with food and tonight he was really glad, he felt like he was starving. Once Remus and Sirius had picked up the forks and started eating Harry quickly followed suit. He was eating slowly not wanting to upset his stomach.

Though he wasn't at the Durselys this year, his body was still conditioned and at the beginning of the summer it tended to not get fed so it conserved his energy. Now that he was eating properly he didn’t want to eat to fast knowing if he did that, he would get sick.He was so into his food, he never noticed the curious glances his two guardians were giving him. If he did, he would have been slightly worried, but as he didn’t see them, he wasnt.

Once he finished with his dinner, and dessert to his utter delight he felt stuffed and happy. He could truly get used to this feeling. Grinning like a loon he hurried up the steps to his room and got his things to get ready for a shower. He glanced in his trunk and frowned as he looked at his 'clothes'. Dudley's hand me downs had clearly seen better days.

Which was why he was so happy that he had raided the lost and found at Hogwarts, it was amazing the kinds of things the kids there lost. He would take care of his things.

As it was, he had only one set of decent pajamas and that was curtsey of Mrs. Weasely as they were much to small for Ron, and they fit Harry perfectly. He loved them and he hurried into the bathroom to wash up and get ready for bed. After showering and making good use of the toilet he hurried to his room, surprised to find his godfather sitting on his bed.

“Hi Sirius,” he said a bit shyly as he tucked his clothes back in his trunk.

“Hey kiddo, just came to wish you goodnight,” he said easily as he quickly got the boy tucked in under the covers.

“Really?” Harry asked eagerly, he had never had this done, well not that he could remember anyway.

“Yes really, Remus wanted to as well, but we weren't sure you would take too kindly to both of us, so he'll tuck you in tomorrow,” he told him easily.

“I don’t mind,” Harry said softly. And truly he didn’t, he had missed out, so naturally he craved things like this.

“Good to know,” Sirius said as he ruffled his hair. “Do you mind if I read you a story then?” He asked totally teasing the child as he knew Harry was going to be 14 next month and probably felt he was to big for a bedtime story.

Harry nodded frantically at that, just in case Sirius changed his mind. “I would love a story!” He blurted out as he gave his godfather a shy grin.

Sirius was surprised and a bit taken back at the reaction but he would get to the bottom of this, no doubt. But he knew tonight wasn't the time. Nodding he quickly summoned a story tale book from the shelf and opened it up and started reading, he had missed this.

Harry couldnt remember the last time he had felt so loved, and content in that bed as he was read too and the little boy was quickly asleep, even before Sirius finished the book.

Deeming his job a success Sirius, stood up and kissed the child's forehead before turning off the light and closing the door behind him. He nodded to himself, this parenting stuff was a no-brainer. He quickly went to have his own shower, he was going to be early, it had been a long day and he was more then ready to sleep. It was an hour later when all the human occupants of the manor was snoring quietly and sleeping peacefully in their beds.

About 4 hours later, was when Harry awoke, glancing over to look at the clock and groaning as he realized it was only 1:00am. If if it was still so late then what had woken him up? He rolled over on his stomach and groaned as he felt it, damn he had to pee. He sighed not wanting to move from where he was as his bed was so warm and toasty but knowing his body as he did he also knew that if he didn’t go he would never be able to get back to sleep with a full bladder.

Mumbling tiredly to himself the little boy got out of bed and stumbled towards the door, and opened it, looking out at the hall silently.

It was very dark in the hallway, and he had to wonder where the heck were the lights. He wasnt afraid of the dark, but it was just creepy how dark it was out there? Why didn’t his godfather leave any lights on? Was that his way of saying that Harry wasnt allowed to get up in the middle of the night and leave the room? He crossed his legs as he thought about that and quickly shut the door, wondering if the man had put a charm or something on his room to alert him. He had remembered back at Ron's house how his mate had told him that his mom had charms in place to alert her when someone was up when they shouldn't be.

Did this qualify as that? He just wanted to use the bathroom and be done with it? He still wanted to sleep, his bed looked so inviting. He chewed his bottom lip quietly, wondering if it was too late to call a house elf. He shook his head, figuring they would not appreciate being woken up at this hour, who would?

“What do I do, what do I do?” He murmured to himself as he started to pace the length of his room, he had to go quite urgently and he wasnt sure what he was supposed to do.

Sirius still hadn’t gone over the rules with him, and he was afraid to ask what those might be. It wasnt that he thought that Sirius would be like his relations he didn’t, he just didn’t know what kind of rules the man had in mind for him.

Like Sirius never said that he could leave his room in the middle of the night, and as it was only their 2nd day there he didn’t want to ruin and mess up whatever it was they had going. He grimaced as he made his way back to the door. He knew if he stayed in his room, the inevitable would happen and he so didn’t what to explain that in the morning.

Swallowing thickly and nodding to himself, he eased himself out of his room and quietly headed into the dark hallway.

He kept his hand on the wall to guide him, hesitating at the bathroom before his eyes flicked over to Sirius's and then Remus's room. Was he supposed to ask permission first? He knew he should never assume to be able to do something, that is how one got punished especially in his Uncle's eyes. He shifted his weight back and forth as he stood in front of the bathroom and did a small jig, his eyes only on the toilet.

He had go so bad, but he was afraid of the consequences of what would happen if he did. He whined out as a sudden wave came over him and he was forced to grab himself. He squeezed his eyes shut, willing his body to hold on, when he felt someone slightly bump him. He opened his eye slowly, to find his sleepy looking former professor standing next to him.

“What are you doing Harry?” Remus asked tiredly as he looked at the youth in question.

“N-nothing,” he replied quickly.

“Okay, well what are you doing up then? It's not even close to being morning,” Remus told him before he yawned. He just wanted to get back to sleep, but Harry's whimpers and noises had woken him up. He had always been a light sleeper, and with his enhanced senses that only made it worse.

“I needed to pee,” Harry rushed out anxiously.

Remus quirked a sleepy eyebrow at the tone and focused a bit more on the child. “Needed too? Or still do?” He asked before he sighed. “It's too late for these games Harry, please go and pee and go back to bed,” he told him sleepily.

“I can pee?” Harry asked hopefully, already inching his way into the bathroom, not wanting the man to change his mind.

“Yes you can,” Remus said, his sleepy brain not understanding. “Why would you think that you couldnt?”

“It's not allowed at home with the Durselys,” he replied quickly as he pushed his bottoms down slightly and let loose a torrent of his held in water into the toilet with a sigh of relief.

Remus's brain was clouded with sleep, but he caught that bit. But now was clearly not the time for this talk. Pushing it away until the morning he nodded. “Well not here, you can use the bathroom whenever you want or need too,” he murmured. “Go to bed when you get done here,” he said.

“Kay,” Harry replied as he tried not to fall asleep where he was peeing. “G'night Moony,”

“Night Harry,” he told him softly as he made his way to his room and fell back on the bed.

Harry finished up in the bathroom and flushed before he too tiredly made his way to his room. He grinned to himself before he got cocooned back under the covers, determined to sleep in the next morning.

*034*2014-05-05 22:32

{{: 

Yay! I love it, of course. Harry Potter...your writing...how could I not? Anyway, I can't wait to see more of this story.

}}

You've returned!!!!!!! *Holds her breath hopefully*

*037*2014-10-05 14:22

​Hey, it's been a while and I apologize for that. I was more focused on my rps these passed few months, but unfortunately they're dissipating and the ones left are not consistent anymore so I need another outlet or I'll go stir crazy. I have a thing for Deaging Fics, so I thought I would try my hand at one. So here it is, enjoy.

Chapter 5

Harry woke up the next more in a good mood. For one he wasn't at the Durselys this summer and for two he had the best night of sleep he had ever remembered. It was his first official day at the house and he couldn't wait to reconnect with his parents. After he had showered he made his way back to his room to get dressed, frowning at the state of his clothes.

He only had 2 sets of decent clothes, one set was courtesy of Ron and he had worn that yesterday, the other set was what he had managed to find in the lost and found this past year at school. Although how someone lost a pair of pants was beyond him, he was grateful for it. He dressed, grimacing at the rags at the bottom of his trunk, wondering if they would get a chance to visit Diagon Alley soon.

He needed clothes asap, the last thing he wanted was his godfather to see them, can you say embarrassing. Deeming his attire appropriate he pulled on his shoes before heading downstairs. He wasn't expecting breakfast to be on the table given the time, it was only just turning 7, but he should have guessed it would be given that he had met one of his house elves yesterday. As it was the table was loaded with the amount of food he was used to seeing at Hogwarts and he grinned before he eagerly took a seat.

He frowned as he realized something else, his godfather and Professor were no where to be found. Were they still sleeping in their rooms? Was he allowed to eat even if they weren't here? He wasn't sure of the rules of this house just yet and he didn’t want to do something stupid and mess up before they got a chance to do anything. He licked his lips unconsciously as he sat there, his stomach growling in response as he refused to grab anything. He had to jerk back his hands a few times, annoyed with himself when he caught himself reaching for a piece of bacon.

It would be beyond rude to just eat when his guardians weren't here. Not to mention that was forbidden, he had learned that from staying with his relatives. Harry swallowed thickly before he forced himself to scoot back from the table and stand up. He knew it was easier to resist temptation when it was staring you smack dab in the face. As he made to move away from the table he froze when he noticed his Professor standing in the doorway with an unreadable expression on his face. Harry's eye's widened, his face taking on a deer caught in the headlights look.

Remus for his part was floored, he had woken up earlier when the boy did. His senses always made sure of that. He had initially followed the child to the kitchen as he figured he could at least keep him company since Sirius was still asleep. Which worked perfectly because Sirius needed as much rest as he could get it. He had been horrified and confused when he saw the boy sitting at the table but visibly refraining himself from eating. What had he been waiting for? And now he looked like he had been up to no good, but Remus knew that wasn't the case, what was going on?

“Oh...um G-good morning Professor,” Harry stammered out, his heart thumping wildly in his chest. Had Remus seen him almost touch the food, was he going to be in trouble with the man?

Remus sighed as he shook his head, and walked further into the kitchen. “It's just Remus cub remember, ” he told him gently.

Harry shook his head in denial, he had no idea what the man was trying to pull but he knew that wasn't correct. He vaguely remembered his Uncle pulling this trick on him and once he had called him by his first name(against his own judgment mind you) He had been thrashed severely. His Uncle made sure to beat into him, respect for his superiors, and elders. And he tried to keep true to that, well Snape didn't count, the bastard.

“Yes Harry, just call me Remus. I'm not your Professor anymore,” he said kindly.

“No sir, I cannot do that,” Harry said quickly.

“And why not?” Remus asked frowning slightly.

“Because..it's not right,” he stressed out, unconsciously wringing his hands anxiously.

“Okay, well think of something because you're not going to be calling me Professor all summer,” Remus told him with a smile.

“If you say so Professor,” Harry replied softly.

Remus refrained from saying anything to that, as Harry seemed on edge as it was. “Why haven't you eaten?”

Harry froze, having not been expecting that question. “Because...no one was here,” he stated carefully.

“That's fine actually, for breakfast that's okay. We're all going to wake up at different times. If the food is on the table in the morning and we're not here, there is no need to starve yourself. You may start without us,” Remus informed him.

“Okay, thanks,” Harry said happily as he retook his seat, at least he knew this rule.

Remus stayed silent, he was getting more bad vibes about the situation and he longed to talk to Sirius about it. But something was definitely not sitting right with him about Harry and he would no doubt get to the bottom of it.

Breakfast passed by quickly, Sirius hadn't woken up to join them and Remus wasn't the least bit concerned. He needed his rest as he had told the child. As it was he and Harry went looking around the Manor as he was sure the child could find something to occupy his time when the adults had to do something. And he was right, when just off the kitchen was a Potion's lab, and Remus saw that Harry surprisingly looked eagered to try it out. As they went to checked out the place, Remus took in the obvious excitement on the boy's face and shook his head.

“Now Harry, I only have one rule about this lab. You can make potions and anything else you want as long as they aren't dangerous. However the rule is you cannot do any of that, if I or Sirius are not down here with you. So many things can go wrong with Potions, and we don’t want anything to happen to you,” Remus told him seriously.

Harry sighed loudly, the man really worried too much. “I'm almost 14 sir, I know how dangerous potions can get,” he told him trying not to get too annoyed with the over-protectiveness that came with guardians f. This was all new and a tad annoying if he was being honest.

“Exactly, your still a child and potions is a very dangerous subject. I will not budge on this subject Harry and if I find in anyway that you disobeyed me, you will be punished,” he promised him.

“Yes sir,” Harry grumbled out as he went to check out the ingredients cabinet to see what was in store. He wasn't stupid and wasn't at all eagered to learn just what his punishment would be.

~**~*~*~A Few Days Later*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

A couple of days went by and soon found Harry ignoring Remus’s warnings about being in the potion’s lab alone as he headed to it. He wasn’t worried about the man catching him as it was the about 2 days until the full moon and Remus was still in bed sleeping. Harry felt a bit guilty about taking advantage of the man’s weakness but it was fair. They were staying in his house and he wasn’t allowed in the potion’s lab without an adult.

He was almost 14 years old, he didn’t need a babysitter. What he wanted to do was prove that this upcoming year to Snape that he wasn’t a dunderhead. He had seen the man around a cauldron and he was brilliant and Harry couldn’t help thinking that he might want to do that.

It would be easier to succeed in potions if said greasy git wouldn’t be breathing down his neck just waiting for Harry to fail. How in the heck was he supposed to learn with that type of pressure over him? The man made it impossible for him to even grasp anything but the basics of potion making. He had grabbed a potion’s book he found in the library and walked in the lab and closing the door behind him. He knew the house elves wouldn’t rat on him unless he was in danger and as he didn’t plan to do anything dangerous his secret would indeed be safe.

Harry took a seat on a stool and looked through the book for a potion that seemed interesting. He found himself getting enthralled with a shrinking potion, already imagining the things he could get into if he was small. It was a 5th year potion but as he was going into his 4th year he didn’t think it mattered all that much. All that mattered was following the directions and he was sure he wouldn’t muck that up.

Making sure the page was marked he headed to grab the cauldron and the ingredients to make the potion. He would show Remus that he wasn’t a baby and that he could do this. Harry took a breath before he started working on the potion; working more diligently then he had ever done before.

As he made sure to slice the ingredients the correct way, he didn’t realize that he had to constantly stir the potion. There was a spell to enchant the rod to make it so but it wasn’t taught until this upcoming year. It was of no consequence that when he got near the final step it was a deep burgundy red instead of the lavender purple it should have been.

Harry sighed in agitation trying to see where exactly he went wrong. As he moved to dump the cauldron out, he tripped on one of his unlaced shoes and down he went onto the stone floor. He landed with a hard thud, with the cauldron splashing its contents on him. As it was still fairly warm, he found himself unconsciously screaming as the potion burnt into his skin, before his eyes clouded over with darkness and he knew no more.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

Sirius bolted up out of bed as he heard the ear piercing shriek echo around the manor; who he recognized to be Harry. Grabbing his wand from under his pillow he ran out of his room intending on heading to Harry’s room with he was stopped by a house elf.

“Little Master is not in his room,” Winkle said wringing his hands in agitation.

“Well where is he? Is he hurt?” Sirius as panic welled into his chest.

“He’s in the potion’s lab, he tripped and the cauldron he was carrying fell on him. Miffy is with him now, but something is wrong with young master,” Winkle replied in a rush.

“Fuck, take me to him,” Sirius demanded as he held out his hand, his heart beating frantically in his chest. Merlin he hoped his godson was okay.

“Right away Master Black,” Winkle replied before grabbing the man’s hand and disappearing with a pop.

Sirius found himself blinking rapidly trying to adjust to the barely lit lab, his eyes on the boy who was lying on a bed that probably wasn’t there in the first place. He could see Miffy healing the burn wounds on him, but he was sure something else was wrong. He couldn’t put his finger on it, but he could swear that Harry had shrunk. The boy was already small to begin with but now he didn’t even look like he could pass for 11. Was he seeing correctly?

“How is he?” Sirius asked rushing over to the bed.

“Young master is alright, Miffy is helping him,” Miffy replied as she rubbed burn salve on the child's body.

“What was he making?” Sirius asked as he gently ran his hand through Harry’s hair.

He was so angry with his godson and he was definitely getting in trouble for this but at the moment he just wanted him to wake up so he could hug him before yelling him for being so irresponsible. He stilled as he realized he sounded like a parent, but he welcomed it and didn’t try to push it away. The little boy had long ago wormed his way into Sirius’s heart and he wasn’t letting the little bugger go without a fight.

“A shrinking solution, but he went wrong somewhere,” Winkle replied as he pointed at the still open book, not to mention the unused ingredients still on the table.

“He didn’t swallow anything did he?” Sirius asked with dread in his stomach.

“No he did not,” Miffy replied before stilling. “You don’t need to drink the potion for it to work,” she said as her wide eyes caught the child on the bed shrinking before her very eyes.

“What’s happening to him? Harry?!?!” Sirius yelled as his godson shrunk from the small 13 year old child he was to that of a small child, who looked in his opinion to be about 3 or 4 but he couldn't be sure.

He couldn’t think of anything, as he was sure his godson was shrinking out of existence and he felt so powerless to stop it. He wasn’t sure what happened, but the next thing he knew his body was swaying as he blacked out a few seconds later.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

When Harry woke up, he wasn’t exactly sure of where he was, only that it was early morning as the sun was peeking through the window to the right of him. He was in the biggest bed he had ever been in, with a man with black hair he could vaguely remember seeing once before, laying down next to him. The man seemed to be sleeping, so he didn’t want to wake him. He turned his head to see another man sitting in a chair by the bed.

This man had brown hair wa slumped down in his arm chair and Harry mused that had never seen someone look so tired while they slept. He didn’t know where his relatives were and didn’t really care. The last thing he remembered was his Uncle promising to punish him after he turned his teacher’s hair blue. He still wasn’t sure how he managed to do that, and why they blamed him.

At the moment, he was only focused on one thing and that was the pressure in his small tummy.

He grimaced as he looked around, he didn’t know where the bathroom was in this house, nor if the people who lived here would let him use it. He knew he couldn’t hold it very long especially after waking up after a nap and whined a little bit trying to get the black haired man’s attention who was lying next to him.

“Siw, pwease wake up,” Harry whined as his hand snaked down underneath the cover to hold himself.

He frowned as he reached over to shake the man, hoping he wouldn’t regret this. He would never do this to his Aunt or Uncle, but Harry felt rather safe at the moment; though he couldn’t figure out why.

Sirius twitched but he didn’t wake, as Harry shook him. He didn’t know it but his godfather had been slipped a calming draught laced with a sleeping potion as when Remus had found him he had been hysterical. He would wake up; it would just take a little bit more then gentle prodding to do it.

Remus for his part was jilted out of his doze to find himself looking at wide, fearful green eyes staring back at him.

“Hello Harry,” Remus said kindly so as not to startle the poor child, still unable to believe what he was seeing.

“How do you know my name?” Harry whispered frightened as he pushed himself back against the headboard fearfully.

“I was friends with your parents,” Remus explained kindly.

“Weally?” Harry asked in disbelief, the fear in his eyes were quickly replaced by curiosity.

“Yes really,” Remus confirmed with a soft smile.

Harry was about to ask what his mum was like when he suddenly had to bend at the waist as he remembered just what he was doing. He didn’t have time to sit here and talk, not unless he wanted to end up wet in a few minutes.

“Harry are you alright cub?” Remus asked sitting up instantly, thinking the potion had another side effect, even worse then the de-aging.

“I hafta go potty,” Harry exclaimed desperately as his eyes flashed back up to the man.

“You have to what?” Remus asked in confusion, trying to decipher what the hell the child had just said.

“Potty, I hafta go potty now,” Harry repeated as he squirmed on the bed.

“What do you mean?” Remus asked, not at all familiar with the term Harry was using.

It wasn’t really a surprise as his only friends had been murdered and thrown in jail. His known state as a werewolf, made everyone either shun or fear him. He hadn’t had the chance to be around young children and though they would be looking for an antidote for this mishap he would enjoy it while it lasted.

Harry stared at the man in shock, who didn’t know what potty was! Everyone had to go potty sometimes. He whimpered as he tried to pull the covers back, but he was tucked in.

“What is it cub? How can I help?” Remus asked standing up looking at the child in concern.

“I hafta go potty wight now!” Harry all but yelled, effectively waking up Sirius who was next to him.

“Merlin, why are you yelling so close to my ear? Moony would you shut the kid up and take him already,” Sirius said grumpily as he placed the pillow over his head.

“Padfoot that’s Harry. And I don’t know where exactly to take him,” Remus said frowning as he looked at his friend. “What’s wrong with him?” He asked getting worried now.

Sirius rolled his eyes, though the effect was ruined by the fact that he had a pillow smashed in his face. “Moony; are kidding me?” Sirius asked dryly.

“About not knowing what potty means? How could I? I’m an only child, and I have no experience with children younger then 11,” Remus said frowning, as he took in the distressed look on Harry’s face.

“I’m gonna potty on mysewf,” Harry announced before bursting into tears.

“Remus take him to the toilet,” Sirius said ripping the pillow off his face as he stared at his godson. He was quickly making sure he wasn’t hurt, and thankfully he wasn’t but Sirius wasn’t blind to see that Harry was in a right state.

“So potty means the toilet?” Remus said reached down and hurriedly picked up the still dry child.

“Basically, or in this case I'm pretty sure it means wee,” Sirius said glad to note the bed was still dry.

Remus nodded before turning and making a beeline for the bathroom, making it there in record time. He set Harry on the floor, unsure if the child needed help or not. He watched him all but yank off his bottoms before trying to get onto the toilet. Remus frowned as it was just too tall for the de-aged Harry to do so.

“Let me help you…” Remus started before he stopped as the strong smell of urine suddenly penetrated his sensitive nose. He quickly pinched his nose shut to look at the small child accidentally peeing on the floor.

“I’m sowwy, I was howding it fowevew and I couldn’t anymowe,” Harry wailed as he had an accident all over the bathroom floor. He couldn’t believe how close he was to the toilet and yet here he was peeing all over the floor.

Harry was horrified, he hadn’t had an accident since he was four. He was a big boy now, and he had messed up the man's clean bathroom. He only hoped that the man wouldnt be too angry with him. He flinched slightly as he looked up and saw the man holding his nose, and he sniffled sadly. It was going to be just like with his relatives then huh?

“That's quite alright Harry, accidents happen,” Remus said calmly as he took a small breath and removed his fingers from his nose. He could see the way the boy was looking at him and he didn’t want Harry to think that he was disgusted with him. He was sure at this age that Harry didn't know about his affliction.

“I'll cwean it up, I pwomise,” he said hurriedly hoping to save himself from punishment.

“There's no need, I'll do it,” he said easily as he pulled out his wand and gave it a wave. The mess in the bathroom was soon cleaned up and Harry's clothes were once again fixed. He noted the child in question had yet to say anything in regards to that and when he turned to face him, he himself froze. Harry looked afraid, and he didn’t know why.

“You'we a fweak too,” the little boy whispered out fearfully. He didn’t know if this was a good thing or a bad thing.

“A freak? I'm not a freak Harry, and neither are you,” Remus said sternly.

“But you awe, you did a fweaky thing!” Harry said his eyes wide, he know what he saw.

“Oh Merlin, the Durselys were wrong, whatever they said. What I did was magic and that is not a freaky thing,” Remus said firmly, trying to keep his anger in check. He had known something was off with Harry regarding his relatives these past few days, but the boy had brushed it off.

“Magic isnt weal!” Harry shrieked out before he tore out the bathroom, intent on hiding. He was going to be in so much trouble when his Uncle Vernon found out about it this.

Remus for his part was floored and it took him a minute for his brain to catch up with everything that just happened and by then Harry was gone. The manor was huge and he knew that the child could be anywhere. Sighing he quickly hurried back into the bedroom where he had left Sirius to find the man, stretching.

“Where's Harry?” Sirius asked as he slipped on his house shoes.

“I'm not sure, I said something about magic and he flipped out, and ran away,” Remus said quietly, feeling wretched as it was.

“Damn it, Hagrid had said something about his ignorant relatives telling him nothing of magic,” Sirius said frowning as he pulled out his wand.

“That's going to scare him then, you should put it away,” Remus told him softly.

“I need to preform a point me spell. And anyway Moony, he's got to get used to magic. He can't be afraid of who he is,” Sirius pointed out before quickly hurrying out the room.

Remus nodded and shook his head, allowing Sirius to handle this. He had other things they needed to have taken care of. He headed down to the potion's lab, he hadn't had a chance to do it earlier as he needed to take care of Harry and Sirius but now was just a good as time as any. Quickly scavenging what little potion he could into a vial, he closed it and placed and unbreakable charm on it, before hurrying back out.

He needed to know if Harry had been brewing correctly and how long the effects this potion might have on him. And as much as he hated to go to the man he was discreet and they needed that, in the case of the boy-who-lived. Quickly writing a note informing his friend where he was going, he flooed to Headmaster's office in Hogwarts intent on getting to Severus. He was sure anyway that Sirius would be able to handle Harry.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

It didn’t take long for Sirius to find Harry, he had taken refuge in a closet in a random room. After reassuring the boy that he wasn't in trouble and not about to punished the little boy finally crawled out from his hiding spot. Sirius knew they needed to talk, to see how old the boy was and see if he could figure out all of this. Something wasn't settling in right with him, in regards to Harry's behavior and he didn’t like it.

“So Harry, how old are you?” Sirius asked conversationally.

“I'm fwive,” Harry said proudly.

“Oh wow, your a big boy then,” he replied with a bright grin trying to put the child at ease.

“Yeah I am, I go to school too,” Harry told him happily.

“That's good, listen Harry I need to talk to you about something. Now don't run away as I'm not going to hurt you and there is no wrong answer to this question. Why do you think magic isn't real?” Sirius asked carefully.

“Because Aunt and Uncle always say its not weal,” Harry replied easily.

“What if I told you that they were wrong and magic is real?” Sirius pressed.

“I don’t know, is it because of dat fweaky thing that Wemus did wiff his stick?” Harry asked softly.

“Yes, but what Remus did was magic. It wasn't a freaky thing, as he isn't a freak. And neither are you for that matter,” he informed him.

Harry gave him a skeptical look, looking at the man almost blankly. He was sure this was some kind of trick. Growing up with the Durselys, meant that imaginative stuff meant a beating if he ever talked about it. “How do you know for suwe?” He asked softly.

“Because you're parents Lily and James were my best friends, and you are their son. You are not a freak, none of us are,” Sirius said firmly.

“You we're fwiends wiff my pawents too?” Harry gasped out in disbelief.

“Yep, James was my best friend. And I'm your godfather too,” Sirius said proudly.

Harry stared opened mouth at the man, unsure of what godfather was but feeling strangely elated nonetheless. “What does dat mean?” He asked eagerly, feeling at ease.

“That you get to live with me from now on,you never need to go back to your relatives,” Sirius promised.

“Coow!” Harry cheered out before he covered his mouth with his hands worriedly. “Sowwy!”

Sirius only laughed. “It's fine kiddo. I'm never going to get mad at your for being overexcited,” he said easily.

Harry couldn't believe it, he hoped this all wasn't a dream. Because if it was he never wanted to wake up.

“Remus went to go take care of something so it's just you and me right now. Now I'm hungry and I can bet you are too,” Sirius said conversationally.

Harry bit his lip worriedly as he gave a small nod, unsure of himself again.

“Good, let's go eat. One of your house elves have probably gotten breakfast already ready for us,” Sirius said cheerfully.

“Elves awe weal too?” Harry asked with a gobsmacked expression.

“They are, and they're very nice,” Sirius told him easily.

Harry nodded slowly, trying to take it all in. He held the man's hand tightly as they headed into the kitchen. He didn't see anyone once they got there, just a lot of food on the table and his eyes bugged out. How many people were eating?

“They always go overboard, at least you know here you will never starve,” Sirius said watching the boy's face carefully.

Harry's eyes took on a surprised look. How had Sirius known about that? He didn't reply to to is, simply bounced in his seat as he let his godfather set him in his chair. He sat on his knees watching hungrily as food was loaded onto his plate. “Fanks!”

“You're welcome, now dig in kiddo,” Sirius said as he served himself and sat down to eat.

Harry did just that, wishing with all his heart that this wasn't a dream. He ate heartily as he chatted with the man, knowing he could definitely get used to this.

*040*2014-10-07 23:05

{{: 

Amazing I loved little Harry he is so cute

}}

Yeah, he's pretty sweet little cuddly thing. I'm so glad you liked it!

*042*2014-10-10 17:00

{{: 

Glad to see this is updating again! I've missed this story a ton :) And I agree, little Harry is definitely adorable. Keep up the good work!

}}

Same, I've missed writing it, I'm so glad you've decided to stick with it though!

*046*2015-01-11 21:50

{{: 

Please do more!

}}

I will as soon as my laptop is fixed.

