Pokemon the Next Generation - Page 3

Author: Raisuga

*050*2014-01-14 05:17

The ones in yellow lol. But what I mean by flow with the other chapters is that X chapters fit in between the regular chapters. CH. 3X is a good example, since it flows from CH.3's ending and doesn't interfere with the start of the next chapter. In short. X chapters are inserts just for this site alone. No other site will seen the X chapters but Omo

*052*2014-01-14 14:20

Let me type up the next chapter and I'll see what I can do. I have an idea but I don't know if it will work

*053*2014-01-14 20:08

Regardless there will be another chapter tonight

*055*2014-01-15 05:15

Chapter Seven - Sai

For the next hour, all of Lucas's attention was focused on Ash as he talked to Gary. Who could blame him though? His idol was sitting right next to him. Lucas was so nervous, even when Ash introduced himself he couldn't speak. It was Leanne who brought him to his senses by nudging his arm.

"I'm sorry sir! What did you say?" Lucas asked suddenly. Ash only chuckled and repeated the question.

"What is your name?" Lucas had trouble at first, but he eventually found the words.

"I'm Lucas, sir. Lucas Ivere." He said.

"You don't have to call me sir, Lucas." Ash said, patting Lucas's shoulder.

"Why not?" Lucas asked respectfully. Ash was about to answer when Gary interrupted him.

"Because he REALLY likes to be called ma'am." Gary joked, laughing. Ash just rolled his eyes and gave him the middle finger.

"At least I have the hair for it. By the looks of it you won't have hair for much longer." Ash retaliated, winking at Lucas as he did so. Lucas could finally feel himself becoming less nervous as he saw how easy going and laid back Ash truly was, and not stuck up and demanding of respect like other master trainers. Currently there are only seven master trainers in the world: Lilly the Enchanter, Roran the Brute, Adrian the Tempest, Jennifer the Torrent, Ricka the Toxic, Ash the Bolt, and finally was the mysterious seventh master trainer, who only reveals themself to those who have beaten the other six master trainers. The only known bit of information that almost everyone knows is their master trainer title, The Ragnarok. Only three trainers have ever been able to challenge them, only to find a defeat so devastating that all three have given up on their journeys, one even lost their sanity, constantly saying that he had the powers of a pokemon.

"So Lucas, I hear that you are starting your journey soon. Have you decided what pokemon you are going to start off with?" Ash asked him, although Gary answered for him.

"Actually, he technically already has a pokemon... A rather unusual one, however..." Gary said seriously, staring over to the Clinic door.

"Oh? What's so unsusual about it?" Ash replied, also staring at the clinic door.

"You'll see when Rick finishes the check-up. It just hatched this morning accordingto Luke." Gary told him. Ash, figuring that he won't get any more answers until the pokemon was brought back to Lucas, he continues to talk to Lucas.

"Well if that's the case, who WOULD you have picked if you could?" Ash asked, curiosity apparent in his eyes.

"Well, I was thinking about choosing a charmander. Although I would have loved to start off with a Pikachu like you did! Pikachu is my favorite pokemon!" Lucas said, smiling. Ash couldn't help but smile back as he looked at what could have easily been him at that age.

"Maybe one day you'll find one for yourself. Let me tell you a little secret. In Viridian Forest, it is said that hidden somewhere in the thickest area of the forest is a huge oak tree where a pack of pikachu live. Nobody has ever seen it though, but it could be true. They are usually seen on the western side of the forest, so maybe that's where the tree is, if it even exists." Ash told him, winking. Lucas's eyes and smile widened at the news. If there truly was a pack of Pikachu in Viridian Forest, he was going to look for it. About fifteen minutes later, Rick returns with the abra. Everyone stood up to await the results of the check-up.

"Well, he's definitely healthy, no question there. Oh yeah, he's a boy." Rick said, handing the abra back to Lucas. Once again he felt the chilling sensation rush through him as he stared into the abra's eyes. finally looking away, he looked at Ash who was staring at the abra. However it wasn't a look of intrigue, but one of seriousness.

"What's wrong Ash? Lucas and Gary asked in unison. Ash ignored them and moved closer to Lucas, inspecting the abra thoroughly. Now his serious look turned to what appeared to be an odd misture of happiness and sorrow; his face showed a smile, however his eyes looked grim.

"Nothing... it's nothing." Ash reassured them. "That's not a shiny, is it?"

"That's what I thought at first, but a shiny abra only has a lighter complexion... it certainly doesn't look like that." Gary answered. All of a sudden, Lucas felt another chill, only this time it lasted longer and he could have sworn he heard a whisper, but shrugged it off. When he looked around, he noticed that everyone was staring at him with concern.

"What?" Lucas asked.

"You sort of went rubber-kneed." Leanne replied.

"I did? When?"

"Just now!" She said, worry written all over her face. Even he was concerned now. How could he not notice something like that? Everyone was silent for about thirty seconds when Gary spoke up.

"Well, this abra is nameless. I say you should give it a nickname Luke." Gary told Lucas. He thought for a minute, then he felt another chill. He heard the whisper again, only this time it was a little easier to understand, Sai.

"Sai?" Lucas said, looking around to find out who whispered to him.

"What're you doing?" Leanne asked.

"Someone whispered to me."

"Luke, nobody said a word..." Gary replied, concern in his expression again. He heard it again, Sai... Name... Sai. It was a child's voice, that much was clear from the childish tone. The voice seemed to struggle to speak, Sai... Name... Sai... Daddy. With the last word, however, he knew exactly where it came from: it was his abra!

"Sai. I'll name him Sai." He told everyone, holding Sai close to his chest. Once again he felt the chill, only this time it stayed in his head as an image appeared in his mind. There was a man holding what appeared to be a sword. He had long black hair that reached his waist and was wearing a black jacket that trailed down to his ankles like Ash's. He couldn't see the man's face since his back was turned as he looked toward the horizon of a beach at sunset. Once the image faded into his memories, he grabbed the sketchbook himself and started to draw the image, finally deciding on his pokedex's design.

About an hour later, everyone started to leave. Leanne was first, claiming that she had violin practice. As Ash and Lucas went to leave, however, Gary stopped Lucas and handed him what looked like a necklace with a strange-looking black and white orb on it with a red line seperating the two colors. Lucas stared at Gary, puzzled.

"It's my new pokeball design. I call it the celestial ball. It can detach from the necklace and be used as a regular pokeball." Gary explained. Lucas the took the ball off the chain and pressed the center of the celestial ball, causing it to go into active mode. Now that it was bigger, he noticed a white crescent, ponting up with a line reaching out from the center of it and stopping just shortly past the points on the crescent. He understood now why Gary was giving this to him, so he tapped Sai with it and into the ball he went. As soon as the ball closed, however, he felt a wave of fear and dread spread throughout his body. As soon as the ball stopped shaking in his hand, signalling that Sai was registered to the celestial ball, he let him back out. He was shaking terribly, obviously afraid.

"Maybe I should wait until he's a little older..." Lucas thought, staring at Gary.

"He does look pretty shaken up over it... Maybe you're right. By the way, that design of yours is amazing! Even the company who puts the designs on the pokedexes sent a reply saying it was one of the best they've seen!" Gary praised. Lucas thanked him and said goodbye as he walked out the door to find that Ash was waiting outside for him.

"Hey Luke. That abra of yours... guard him well. There's a new group forming that's stealing pokemon and using them for wierd experiments. They're still small time, but they are looking for unusual pokemon... and let's face it, that abra is pretty unusual." Ash said seriously, staring at both him and Sai. "Anyway, I'll be in town for a few months visiting my mother. I'll see you around." He said, walking away and heading toward the beach.

Once Lucas got home, his mother immediately looked at Sai and gently picked him up from his hand. She was just as stunned as everyone else at his strange color and the fact his eyes were open didn't ease the feeling. Finally getting Sai back from her, he went upstairs and got dressed into his night clothes and decided that he would go to bed early. Sai was staring at him from the bed and once again he heard the whisper, Daddy. Now he knew he wasn't hearing things: Sai was somehow attempting to talk to him mentally!

"It's Lucas. Sorry buddy, but I'm not your daddy... But I would love for us to be friends." Lucas said to Sai, smiling.

Not... Daddy?

"Sorry, but no... I only found you as an egg." Lucas explained.

Lu... cas... friend?

"Yeah. I'm your friend." Lucas said, laying on the bed and picking up Sai and placing him on his chest. "Now and forever,"

Lucas... Sai... Friends... Forever. With those words, Sai started to fall asleep on Luke's chest. It wasn't long before Luke fll asleep too.

For the next seven weeks, Luke fed and took care of Sai, making sure that his mother didn't spoil him too much. Surprisingly, Sai didn't eat much. Usually just once a day he would drink a small four ounce bottle of milk, as was instructed by his mother, and he was content. Within the first week Sai grew twice in size and learned how to stand on two feet. Walking wasn't an option until the next week though, when his body was a little more developed.

After a month, Sai was fully grown, standing at about two inches above Luke's knee. His armor became harder and his speech became clearer as well and was now able to form full sentences mentally to Luke. By the end of the second month, Luke had figured out how to talk to Sai mentally as well, causing his mother to freak out every so often whenever they would start laughing together over something they talked about in their mental link. Sai's laugh was kind of high pitched, but sounded oddly human.

Ash even came by to check on them from time to time. The first time he brought a young boy about his age with him, his son Derek. He looked exactly like Ash except his hair was short and light brown and his eyes were a light blue. He also sported a jacket similar to Ash's, only his was white and sleeveless and wore a long sleeve black shirt underneath tucked into a pair of black jeans. They immediately became good friends with a lot of similar intrests, including music, foods, hobbies, and even had a Pichu, obvioulsy the child of Pikachu, that played with Sai all day long. When Ash told Luke that Derek would be starting his journey the same day as he was, he shouted with joy and suggested that they should travel together. Derek almost instantly agreed. Then he had the idea to invite Leanne, so he called her and gave her directions to his house. When they asked her, she agreed and hung out with them the rest of the day, listening to Ash's stories from his journey.

Every so often Luke would recall Sai to his pokeball, with Sai's consent of course. Eventually he overcame his fear of it, however he didn't like to be inside of it if he could help it, so Luke decided that maybe Sai could be like Ash and his pikachu and he could just walk with him.

About a week away from the beginning of Luke's journey, Abra had learned how to use Teleport and, oddly enough, Hidden Power. A couple of times he accidentally teleported himself into the bathroom while his mother was in the shower, causing her to freak out and even throw a bottle of shampoo at the wall. It truly was an accident, however, considering that he didn't have it down completely yet. By the night before the start of Luke's journey, he had it mastered with the help of a few old hoola hoops that Leanne had given them to practice with. The objective was for Abra to teleport into the hoop that Luke pointed to.

The night before they would head to the Lab, Luke decided that he, Leanne and Derek should all have a sleepover at his place, with his mom's permission of course, so they could all start their journey together. Most of the evening they spent playing video games and watching movies, but they also went outside to have a battle between Pichu and Sai. Pichu had more training than Sai so it was pretty one sided but Sai did put up quite a fight by constantly using Teleport to throw off Pichu's aim and even managing to hit her with Hidden Power a couple of times before Derek wised up to Sai's pattern and had her use Thundershock on the pole before Sai reappeared, making him think that it was Pichu, but then she aimed another Thundershock at him and made her mark, ending the battle.

Once the battle was over, they all took turns taking showers and cleaning up for bed. They all slept in Luke's room since it ws on the other side of the house from his mother's room so they wouldn't wake her up. The boys were to sleep on the roll-out matresses while Leanne slept on the bed, despite her refusal. Leanne also surprised the boys by getting changed in the same room as them. They couldn't help but blush as they turned away quickly, faces cherry red, once they realized what she was doing. She claimed that she used to share a room with her older brother Kyle and she just got used to dressing around guys. The boys, however, insisted that despite her comfort with dressing in front of other guys that she turn around while they got changed.

Once they were all settled in bed it wasn't long before Derek, Pichu and Leanne were sleeping. Luke, however, was wide awake having a mental conversation to avoid waking them up.

So Sai, are you excited buddy? Luke asked, looking over to Sai, who was laying down on his bed on the bay window ledge.

You know it! I can't wait! I want to see everything we can! Sai replied enthusiastically.

Same here. This will be awesome! Just the five of us, travelling all across Kanto and making new friends along the way...

Speaking of friends... Will I ever get to meet those friends that you keep telling me about?

You mean Blaze, Johny and Rose? I'm sure we'll meet up eventually, however it might be a while since they had a three month head start. Luke sighed deeply as he thought of them, especially Rose... He could still feel the warmth of her body against his as she hugged him that day... Sai sensed this and started to try and cheer him up.

You'll see her again... I know you will. Sai reassured Luke.

I hope so buddy... He replied, staring at the picture of him, Johnny, Blaze and Rose that was on his nightstand and focusing more on Rose than the others. I hope so...

*057*2014-01-15 11:37

The one in viridian forest is still going to happen

*059*2014-01-16 17:18

Also, I figured out a plot for another X Chapter that fits your request. I'll try and get it posted tonight, but it might be tomorrow since I have a four hour drive back home tonight. If I get home by 9 eastern then I will work on it

*061*2014-01-17 14:13

Sorry, I got held up at work yesterday. didn't leave until like 8pm and didnt get home until midnight. Since I am off today I will have it typed up and posted by tonight for sure

*063*2014-01-18 05:15

Chapter Seven X - Holding on for the Thrill

(WARNING! This X Chapter contains sensual content.)

After Lucas's design was faxed, everyone just sat at Gary's desk quietly as Ash told stories of battles he fought ever since he became a master trainer. Leanne just sat there in awe as he told everyone about the time his Pikachu single-handedly took on every pokemon one trainer had, thinking that since he won three of the six league championships that he could take on a master trainer. She was so absorbed into the story that when Ash finished, she finally realized that she needed to pee. As she got up to go to the bathroom, however, Gary got up too.

"Hey Ashey-boy! You think you could beat me again like you did in the Johto League? Or are you too much of a big shot to take on your old rival?" Gary teased, smirking and pulling out a pokeball. Ash quickly responds by pulling out a pokeball of his own.

"You think you can handle the strength that my pokemon and I have together? We are much stronger than we were in the Johto League, you know." Ash replied with the same smirk. With the challenge accepted, both of them head for the slab where Rose, Blaze, and Johnny first battled. Although she really needed to use the bathroom, Leanne figured that she could wait maybe ten minutes or so to see Ash the Bolt in action first-hand, so she follows them outside.

Once at the slab, both Ash and Gary take their places opposite each other and throw their first pokemon into the center. Ash chose his Samurott, who immediately took an offensive stance, pointing its sword-like horn at Gary. Gary chose his Scizor, who stood there calm and collected, both claws pointing down and staring coldly at Samurott. Once they were ready, Rick then took his place in the referee's stand and pulled a coin out of his pocket.

"This will be six against six single battle. The trainer to sucessfully defeat all of the opposing trainer's pokemon will be the victor. There will be no switching out pokemon during the battle unless a pokemon is defeated. Now that the rules have been set, once this coin hits the slab the battle will begin!" Rick then took the coin and tossed it into the air. Everyone watched as it rose into the air, then slowly descend. Leanne hated the suspense since her bladder now had her full attention and throbbed as it continued to fill, causing her to squeeze her thighs together.

Finally, the coin hit the ground and both pokemon moved so fast that they were blurred as they backed away from each other to gain some distance.

"Samurott use Swords Dance, then follow up with Aqua Jet!" Ash commanded. Samurott ponted his horn toward Scizor then moved his head in a circle, causing his horn to glow, then rushed at Scizor with blinding speed, cloaked in a watery aura. Scizor seemed to anticipate the move and jumped to the side to avoid the attack, however, Samurott quickly spun around and aimed for Scizor's back and made contact with his left leg, causing Scizor to kneel when he hit the ground.

"Scizor use Hyper Beam!" Gary shouted to Scizor, who opened his left claw and aimed at Samurott carefully, and fired a huge beam of light at it, however Samurott dodged it and rushed around to Scizor's right side, aiming another Aqua Jet at him. However, Scizor's right claw, which was hidden behind him, suddenly sprung toward Samurott and fired another Hyper Beam and hit Samurott dead on, causing him to fly back several yards and was having a hard time getting up. It obviously hit a critical point.

Samurott struggled to its feet and prepared to attack again, however, Gary already gave his command and Scizor flew in for the win, both claws trailing behind him and swung both arms forward using X-Scissor, hitting Samurott in the chest. Samurott stumbled back with a cry and fell to his side unconcious. Ash recalled Samurott and Gary recalled his Scizor.

Luke groaned as Samurott was recalled, however Leanne's attention was on a different battle: a battle between her and her bladder, which tried to expell its liquid contents three times just from seeing the water that Samurott used for his Aqua Jet attack. She had to cross her legs and squeeze for all it was worth to prevent any leakage.

"What's wrong Ash? You're not holding back, are ya?" Gary taunted, pulling out another pokeball. Ash just laughed as he pulled out his next pokeball.

"You know that I would never do that! Your Scizor was insanely fast! It has the Light Metal ability, doesn't it?" Ash asked. Gary smiled, giving away his answer as he threw out his next pokeball, revealing a Fearow, who spread its wings and pointed its long pointed beak at Ash, who responded with releasing his Pidgeot, who immediately took flight. Gary seemed shocked by the sight of Pidgeot.

"When did you get another Pidgeot?" Gary asked.

"Never did. This is the same one that I gave to that school to help protect the Pidgey and Pidgeotto there. Now that there are several Pidgeot there, my buddy here came looking for me as I went to challenge the other Masters. It was thanks to him that I was able to beat Roran the Brute! Think you can handle him?" Ash said with a grin. With that, Gary's Fearow rushed at Pidgeot, but Pidgeot's speed was no joke as it seemingly disappeared and reappeared behind Fearow and used Wing Attack, connecting with Fearow's back and following up with a Gust attack to push it down closer to the ground, then finished up the combo with a quick attack and struck Fearow right in the back once again, landing a critical blow. Pidgeot then flew up, then straight back down, Fearow still trying to regain control of its descent, and kicked into Fearow's back with its talon, adding more speed to Fearow's descent. Unable to recover, Fearow slams into the slab, the impact causing cracks in the slab.

Both Luke and Leanne gave a pained expression followed with the word "Ouch!" in unison as Fearow came crashing down with Pidgeot on its back. Fearow tried to get up stubbornly, but Gary knew that it was done, so he told it to relax and recalled it. Leanne's bladder gave off another painful twinge, causing her to squeeze her thighs even tighter. No matter what her bladder tried, however, she was determined to see this battle through to the end.

Ash recalled his Pidgeot and readied another pokeball, as did Gary who was still stunned that Fearow couldn't even make a single scratch on Pidgeot. Both trainers threw their third pokemon into battle: Gary's Arcanine and Ash's Meganium. Immediately both pokemon rushed to their trainers affectionately and began licking their faces. After about three minutes of this, they return to the slab and ready themselves for battle.

Ash and Gary shouted their commands and Arcanine was the first to move using Extremespeed. Moving at a speed that almost matched even Pidgeot's speed, Arcanine hits Meganium in the side and almost knocks her over, but she regains her balance and grabs Arcanine with a Vine Whip, lifts him up, and slams him to the ground, then follows up by pulling Arcanine toward her with her vines and jumps over him as he got closer, then dropped down hard using Body Slam. Getting off of Arcanine, Meganium retracts her vines and steps toward the motionless Arcanine, concern and worry in her eyes.

However, Arcanine suddenly appears right behind Meganium and spews a jet of flame from its mouth, the Arcanine on the ground disappearing. The flames completely engulfed Meganium, showing that the Agility and Flamethrower combo worked beautifully. However, as Arcanine shut its mouth to halt the flames, Meganium was revealed cloaked in a pink dome of energy that seemed to be originating from Meganium's now glowing leaves. Gary looked at Meganium, impressed.

"Not bad, Ashey-boy! Your Meganium has some neat tricks! That Light Screen seriously just saved her from a brutal combo."

"Not bad yourself! That was a good use of Agility, and a fine example of it too. I never seen a Pokemon use Agility so well that it could leave a copy of itself behind, but that wasn't all there was to it, was there?" Ash asked.

"So you noticed, huh? Yeah he used Extremespeed to enhance the effect of Agility. It took a lot of practice, but we managed to get it to work." Gary bragged.

The battle resumed with Meganium's petals beginning to shake violently. Gary recognized the signs and shouted frantically for Arcanine to stop Meganium, but it was too late, Meganium unleashed a massive burst of tiny leaves into the air. Hundreds, maybe even thousands, of leaves started raining down onto the entire slab like tiny blades, stabbing Arcanine repeatedly. Leanne recognized the move right away as the Leaf Blizzard attack, one of the most feared grass-type moves there are because of its wide range. Arcanine let our a roar and became engulfed in a flame that rages like an uncontrolable inferno and rushed at Meganium with Flare Blitz, hitting her right in the head and knocking her out. Ash recalled her and Gary called back Arcanine.

Leanne was starting to struggle even more now as she became increasingly desperate. She even began to start kneeling down, resting the heel of her shoe into her crotch to help her tiring muscles hold back the flood. She hoped that the battle wouldnt last much longer, because she knew that she wouldn't.

The next couple of rounds were short-lived: Ash's Gengar, who he claimed to have retrieved from the Saffron City Gym when he went to visit there last year, completely overwhelmed Gary's Electivire, who was too slow to keep up. The battle between Pidgeot and Scizor was ended almost immediately as Scizor, despite his injured leg, was able to keep up with Pidgeot;s speed and ended the battle with a combination of X-Scissor to the wings and a guillotine to the throat and crashed down into the slab just like Fearow earlier. Gengar was almost defeated by Arcanine, but Gengar took advantage of Arcanine's exhaustion from using Flare Blitz and fired a barrage of Shadow Balls at him, knocking him out. It was when Scizor came back out when Gengar was finally brought down by an Agility and Night Slash combination, although Gengar took him with him by using Destiny Bond at the last second before the impact.

As they both recalled their pokemon, Leanne's bladder gave an almighty lurch and she couldn't help but let a spurt escape into her panties, causing her to thrust her hands into her crotch to stem the flow. She was able to stop it, but now there was a smallt damp spot in the crotch of her panties. She looked around, red in the face, to see if anyone noticed. She was relieved to find out that everyone's attention was still focused on the battle.

"Oh god... Please hurry!!!" she whispered desperately to herself. She wanted more than anything to rush to the bathroom and get it over with, but she didn't want to miss this next match, which was a battle between two extremely skilled pokemon. Leanne just kneeled down again and rested her crotch on her heel once more and ontinued to watch.

Now It was Gary's Blastoise against Ash's Charizard.

Charizard was the first to move, rushing at Blastoise only to stop only inches and rush into the sky, causing Blastoise to stagger backward in surprise. He then aimed his cannons and started firing Water Gun in rapid succession at Charizard, who dodged every single one of the attacks with both ease and grace. Charizard then rushed down at Blastoise with the speed of a bullet, his jaws engulfed in flames, and bites Blastoise in the arm with Fire Fang. Then, while he still had Blastoise in his grip, flames started spewing from the sides of his mouth and completely engulfed Blasoise, and the whole slab, in a searing flame. Once the flames died down, Blastoise shook Charizard loose and aimed a cannon at him, firing a Hydro Pump at him. at such a close range, even Charizard couldnt avoid the rushint torrent as it sent him flying back towards the mountain behind Ash.

As soon as the Hydro Pump was released, another spasm from Leanne's overfull bladder caused her to spurt again. She could feel the warmth from the pee against her crotch as she regained control once again.

Charizard, who seemed to be having a hard time getting up, looked over to Ash and nodded. Ash then pulled out a white ring and put it on. He then pointed his hand that the ring was on at Charizard, who started to glow fiercely and, with a roar so strong that it shook the very ground, he became engulfed in a white flame. It was so hot that even Leanne and Luke could feel it from where they stood. From the flames spanned two large wings and a long tail. Eventually the flames subsided and revealed Charizard once more, only he had wings on his arms, his wings were now three times their original size, and the horn on his head was accompanied by two more. It glared at Blastoise with a blank glance.

"Well THIS is a surprise! Then again, I should've known that a Master would know about Mega Evolution. However..." Gary said, reaching into his pocket and pulling out a ring similar to Ash's. "You don't have to be a Master to know Mega Evolution! LET'S GO BLASTOISE!"

Blastoise became engulfed in a sphere of rushing water and emerged with a single giant cannon on his back and two more cannons on his forearm, all three aimed at Charizard. Blastoise fired three high-powered Water Gun attacks at Charizard, who dodged with such speed that it made Pidgeot's speed look like child's play. HE struck Blastoise three times with a high-speed Wing Attack, even managing to leave decent sized cuts in his shell. Blastoise then lowered his arms and fired a continuous stream of water so strong that it propelled him at Charizard and he crashed head-first into Carizard's stomach with a Skull Bash, knockong the wind out of him.

Taking advantage of Charizard's temporary weakness, Blastoise propells himself into the air above Charizard, aims all three cannons at him as he began to descent, then fired a huge beam of water at Charizard: the legendary Hydro Cannon attack that only the most powerful of water-type pokemon can master. Charizard, finally catching his breath, retalliated by engulfing himself in a white flame and releasing a powerful Blast Burn toward the incoming Hydro Cannon attack. Once the two attacks collided, a dense fog fell over them. Nothing could be heard or seen...

Finally the steam disapated and revealed both Charizard and Blastoise face down on the slab, both reverted to their original forms, unconcious. Both were recalled and it was all down to this last match: Ash's Pikachu against Gary's Umbreon.

The muscles of Leanne's womanhoon began to tremble as she continued to hold back the raging torrent that threatened to rush out of her at the slightest hint of weakness. She was at her limit and hoped that Umbreon could end the battle quickly. However, Ash's Pikachu was the reason he was given his title and was well known as his strongest Pokemon. Although the same goes for her father and Umbreon. She braced herself for a possibly long battle.

Both pokemon disappeared in the blink of an eye and all anyone could see was the occasional spark from Pikachu and the aura from Umbreon's paws as they clashed at such extreme speeds that both pokemon might as well be invisible. Whenever they were visible, it was when Pikachu used a Thunderbolt or when Umbreon used Dark Pulse, usually each colliding each other and creating a small explosion. For about ten minutes this continued, each trainer become exhausted from the shouting.

Finally, both Pikachu and Umbreon stood still, both of them on their last legs.

"Hey Gary! What do you say we end this? Both of them are exhausted!" Ash called out. Gary responded with a nod and both of them commanded their pokemon with one last command.

"PIkachu use Volt Tacke!"

"Umbreon show 'em your Last Resort!"

Pikachu's fur stood up on end and began to spark with electricity, then finally burst into a cloak of electricity so powerful that all that could be seen of Pikachu was a violently blurred outline, the electric cloak giving off what sounded like a bunch of birds chirping.

Umbreon's fur also stood on end and her eyes glowed fiercely red and pupiless, a violent dark aura erupting up from her paws. Just like Pikachu, Only a violently blurred outline of Umbreon could be seen within the aura, although you could also see her glowing red eyes. She looked like a phantasmal wolf ready to kill anything in her path.

Both of them just stood there, awaiting their orders from their trainers... All that could be heard was the chirping sound of Pikachu's electric cloak...

"GO NOW!!!" Ash and Gary shouted in unison.

Both pokemon rushed at each other, neither one of them slowing their stride and finally collided.

A huge explosion of black and yellow energy rushed outward from the impact. Nothing could be seen due to all the dust kicked up by the explosion...

Leanne's whole body was trembling, not just from the suspense but she was starting to go beyond her limit and she needed to get back to the lab before it was too late.

Finally, the dust cleared to reveal a destroyed slab and the two pokemon, both looking battered, eshausted and barely on their feet. Both couldn't move or else they would fall down and pass out. Eventually, however, both of them fell to the ground unconcious, resulting in a draw. Ash and Gary both walk over to their pokemon and gently picked them up into their arms, congratulated each other, and began to walk back to the lab, Rick hurrying faster than the rest of them, even Leanne whi was in desperate need of a restroom and was walking rather fast.

Once they got back to the lab, however, she noticed the bathroom door close all of a sudden, suggesting that Rick just went in there. Trying not to panic, Leanne goes and sits down next to Luke at the desk, putting her bag on her lap so she could reach under her skirt and press against her crotch, which let out another spurt of pee. Every few seconds, she let out another spurt, each lasting slightly longer than the last. Still Rick wouldnt come out. Finally, she decided that she would just head home and use the bathroom there.

"Hey I'm going to head on home and practice my violin. See you later, Dad. Nice to meet you Luke and Ash." She said, getting up as quickly as she could without aggravating her bladder further, noticing that there was a tiny puddle of pee just sitting there on the leather seat as she pushed it toward the desk, and walked toward the door, her pee slowly trickling out into her panties as she walked out the door. Once the dor was closed, she grabbed herself for all it was worth and ran across the street to find, to her horror, that she must've accidentally locked it on the way out.

Another spurt, this time lasting about three seconds, leaked out and trickled down her thighs. She rushed to the back door and found that it was open, however, her bladder gave one last stabbing contraction and now there was no stopping it as the pee ran down her legs and into the grass.

For about a minute and a half, she stood there, both in total embarrassment and, oddly enough, pleasure. She was actually feeling herself become aroused by the intense relief she felt of finally letting the pee go, and there was just something about the pee running down her legs that completely aroused her. The pleasure became so intense that now the pee was being accompanied by other bodily fluids.

Once she was finished, she was panting heavily. Leanne felt her panties, which were soaked, and walked inside to take a shower. While she was in the shower, she couldn't shake the feeling of being aroused. No matter what she did, the feeling continued to grow. When she got dressed into a pair of blue panties and a long t-shirt, she finally gave into the urge and began to play with herself, moaning loudly. Finally, she gave out a long moan, he body rigid, and eventually relaxing. Panting, she pulled her hand out from her now wet panties and looked back on her day.

Never would she ever dream that she would get so turned on by the feeling of relief you felt from peeing and decided that one day she would have to experiment with this newfound fetish of hers, only this time in a more controlled environment.

A little longer than I intended, but I couldn't really get around too much of the battle sequences. I hope you all enjoy :)

*065*2014-01-18 12:53

Glad you enjoyed it :D

*067*2014-01-18 23:34

Well I just worry because I don't normally write anything fetish-based. I'm glad for the feedback that you've been giving me on the X Chapters

*069*2014-01-23 06:07

Chapter Eight - A Disastrous Beginning

Luke woke up before the alarm and, to his surprise, found Sai sleeping next to him. Smiling, he gently patted his shoulder and got up slowly so he wouldn't wake him up. Slowly and quietly, he made his way out into the hallway and went to the kitchen to make something to eat when he noticed that his mom was already awake and was preparing breakfast for them.

"Mmmm... Smells great!" Luke said, practically drooling over the smell of bacon and french toast. She was so focused on cooking that when he spoke, she jumped a little in surprise before she turned around.

"Lucas Joshua Ivere! You nearly gave me a heart attack!" She exclaimed as she flipped a piece of french toast so the other side could cook. "I told you countless times not to sneak up on me!"

"Mom... It's not my fault that you never notice me walk into a room... or that you startle so easily." He replied teasingly. She just turned around with a sigh and continued to cook. Figuring that she would want to be left alone until breakfast was ready, he walked back to his room to get dressed. As soon as he opened the door, he finds yet another surprise.

Leanne must've rolled off the bed or started sleep walking at one point, but whatever the cause she was now in the same bed as Derek. The awkward part, however, was that she was hugging one of his arms like a child would their stuffed animal and one of her legs was across his. Suddenly he felt the familiar yet now less powerful chill as Sai began to communicate with him, the mental equivalant to a laugh sounding in their mental link.

What's so funny? Luke asked curiously as he looked for Sai, whom he eventually found sitting on the bed staring at Derek and Leanne, Pichu sitting next to him.

Them! She went to the bathroom shortly after you left then came back and just got in bed next to him and he didn't even flinch! That guy would sleep through a rhyhorn stampede!

Well, maybe we should let them sleep for now. Luke told Sai as he started to get dressed for the day. As he began to put his jacket on, however, he heard Leanne and Derek stir in bed, and a lot of snickering from Sai over their mental link. As he turned around, he noticed that their faces were now just inches apart, Derek was the first to open his eyes. At first, his eyes just showed grogginess from just waking up, but after his thought process started to kick in, he went wide-eyed and looked up at Luke, panic in his eyes and mouthed what seemed to be, "What should I do?!" Luke could hear Sai laughing hysterically in his mind. Luke was at a loss for words as he tried his hardest to not join Sai in laughing at the ridiculous scene in front of him.

"Try to slip your arm out from her grip." Luke whispered, just loud enough to where Derek would hear him, but he wouldn't wake up Leanne. As soon as he tried to pull his arm away, however, she rolled over and was now laying on top of his arm, her arm across his chest, her body against his with her leg over his, and her hed on his shoulder. Derek began to blush violently, causing Sai to laugh harder than ever, and even Luke was starting to have a hard time trying not to laugh as Derek's face turned cherry red. For about ten minutes he laid there like that, not knowing what to do.

You know... she IS rather pretty... maybe we shou-

You're too young to be thinking perverted stuff like that Sai! Luke interrupted, checking his bag to take his mind off of the current situation. Finally, his mother called out that breakfast was ready and Luke turned around at break neck speed to see Leanne stir and Derek become redder than a charmeleon's scales. She yawned and opened her eyes. It took her a minute to realize what was going on, but ince she did, she turned just as red as Derek and squealed as she jumped out of the bed and fell backward onto the bed where Sai was, even landing on top of him.

"WHAT THE HELL WERE YOU DOING DEREK?!" She yelled, more shocked than angry. Standing back up and apologizing to Sai as she did so. Sai replied with an evil look.

"Why are you yelling at me?! I woke up to find you preactically on top of me!" Derek replied defensively as he got up to put away his bed.

"Then why didn't you just wake me up?!" She asked. Derek shot her a glare.

"I was still half asleep and wasn't thinking clearly." He retalliated. "But the real question is... why the hell were YOU in my bed?!"

"Oh please! Like you weren't thrilled to have a pretty girl in the same bed as you!" She snapped back.

"Bite me!" He retorted, however he soon realized his mistake as he got a slap to the face as she got her clothes and started changing.

After they all got dressed, they all went to the kitchen to eat breakfast and thank Luke's mom for letting them stay over. Once everything was cleaned up, the three of them got their bags and started to leave when Luke's mom stopped them in the yard and hugged Luke.

"Promise me you will write! The pokemon centers have a free postal service." She said. Luke could tell she was trying not to cry just from how choked up she sounded.

"I promise I will call-" he began, but she cut him off.

"No Luke, I want letters!"

"Why? Wouldn't you want to just talk on the video phone?" He asked. She just shook her head.

"I want you to send me letters so that way I can show you how much you have grown from this moment when you come back to Pallet Town. Trust me, you will grow a lot. So much, in fact, that you won't even recognize yourself." She said, teary-eyed.

"She's right, you know..." Everyone turned around to see Ash standing at the gate to the front yard. "I used to do that for my mom too. I couldn't believe how much I changed in just a year of travelling across Kanto. You're going to meet a lot of interesting people, see exciting new places, and make plenty of memories you will cherish forever. That's why I got this for the three of you." Ash said, handing Luke a camera and a box of film cartridges. "The pokemon centers can develope those for you over night and I had Gary set it up to where Pichu's electricity can charge it for you, so you will never have to worry about batteries. I figured that you could send pictures to your mom as you travel." He told them, smiling as he started to walk away. Derek walked over to him.

"Wait, the lab is the other way Dad." Derek told Ash, who stopped for a minute and looked back at him.

"I know... But I really can't stay. I got a call from the other Masters stating that there was an urgent matter that they needed me for so I need to catch the next flight to Victory Island. I'll definitely see you three again though. If not during your journey through Kanto, I will definitely see you at the Kanto League Championship, since I'm the Kanto Master. Who knows... Maybe one of you will be my challenger for my Kanto Master title." Ash replies, starting to walk away, pulling out a pokeball and releasing his Pidgeot. Once he jumped on his back, Pidgeot sped away as fast as he could toward Viridian City. Derek seemed a little upset, but he recomposed himself in no time and they were of to the Lab to get Leanne's first partner.

As they approached the lab, Sai felt uneasy. Something doesn't feel right, Light...

What do you mean? Luke replied, stopping in the middle of the road. Derek and Leanne look back at him.

"Luke, what're you-" Leanne began, only to be cut off by Luke.

"Wait a sec." What's wrong Sai? Luke asked, a serious expression on his face.

Something bad's happened, Light... I can feel the professor's emotions... The most powerful emotion coming from him right now is agony. Sai said seriously. Without another thought, Luke scoops up Sai and runs for the lab, urging the others to follow him. Practically bursting the door down, they enter the room to find Gary on the floor, blood runing down his left shoulder from what appeared to be a bullet hole. Blastoise was on the floor next to the big door for him to enter the lab, face down with a pool of blood forming from his now missing ear. Umbreon was also severely wounded with what appeared to be a gash from a knife, but she was still protecting Gary, her fur standing on end and her once beautiful red eyes now full of hatred and rage. Leanne, who grew up around Umbreon, was the first to approach as she kneeled down and held a hand out to her.

"Leanne be careful!" Derek said. "When an Umbreon is protecting something they cherish, they will fight to the death for it!" Leanne ignored him and continued to move closer to Umbreon, who looked like she would strike at any second. Finally, Luke fely Sai reach out for Umbreon's mind and tried to soothe her.

What're you- Luke started, but then Sai cut their link, most likely so he could focus solely on trying to calm Umbreon. After about five minutes, Umbreon showed signs of settling down as her fur started to slowly lower and her eyes calmer. Once she fell to the floor, that's when everyone ran over to the professor. He was very pale and very weak. The first thing that Derek did was call the police while Luke and Leanne patched up Gary and his pokemon as best they could. Umbreon and Gary seemed to be okay, however... Blastoise was in bad shape.

Although he wasn't shot directly, the amount of blood he lost put him dangerously close to a coma. Luke asked Sai to try and help Blastoise stay with them by mentally communicating with him, however he refused, saying that the contact might cause him to enter a state of shock. Once the paramedics and the police came, they immediately tended to Blastoise at Gary's request. After about an hour, the pokemon were taken to the pokemon center and Gary to the hospital.

At the professor's request, the kids, Sai and Pichu all waited in the hospital's lobby so he could talk to them. They spent most of the time playing card games while they waited to take their minds off of what just happened. However, Luke and Sai couldn't focus entirely on the game...

Who would attack the professor?! Luke asked, more himself than Sai.

I don't know... but it was obvious that whoever they were wanted Gary out of the picture... Sai replied, a grim tone to his voice. Luke considered the situation for a minute, then replied, No if they wanted him 'out of the picture' they would've aimed at a vital spot, not his shoulder. They were just trying to make sure he would stay out of their way...

Maybe you're right. But we'll find out shortly...

Why's that?

Because he just sent for the nurse to come and get you three. Sure enough, a nurse entered the room to bring them to Gary. Once in Gary's hospital room, he had them sit down and started to explain what had happened.

"As you can see... I was attacked... But who the attacker was, I have no idea since he was wearing a mask. He did give me a bit of information that really bothers me, however... He claimed, as he stole the pokemon the three of you were supposed to choose from, that he needed new recruits... This tells me that there may very well be a new terrorist organization forming... Also Luke, I want you to be on guard!" He said, a grim look on his face as he stared at Luke.

"Why, Professor?"

"Because he knew about Sai... and was VERY interested in him. It might have something to do with why Sai looks the way he does..." Gary spoke each word with a dark, grim tone, which only seemed even more grim due to his pale skin.

"I would never let anything happen to Sai! I promise!" Luke said, staring at Sai and smiling as he did so.

"Good. Now then, I know that you three will want to start your journeys as soon as possible... so I managed to get the officers to bring your pokedexes." He said, pointing at the table next to him. Rose and Leanne each took their respective pokedexes with the designs they requested, and Derek took the plain red pokedex. When he was questioned about why he didn't choose a design, he just said that he wasn't interested in a design so he got a plain one. Once each of them had their pokedex, Gary handed a single pokeball to Leanne.

"It's Umbreon's daughter. You always made sure to take good care of her when she hatched from the egg, so I am giving her to you. Raise her well Leanne." Gary said, smiling at his daughter's reaction, who did a little spin and released the eevee and caught her in her arms.

"Thank you so much Daddy!" She exclaimed as she went and kissed her dad on the cheek, then started playing with eevee by rubbing their noses together.

"Now then, I want the three of you to go ahead and begin your journeys." At his request the kids began to protest, but he stopped them with a raise of his good hand. "Don't worry about me. I'll be okay. I had Ash put in the good word for me and you two don't have to wait overnight for your information to be registered. Also, the pokedexes were already activated this morning. You shoud be good to go." Gary told them, exhaustion present in his face and voice. figuring that it was time to let the professor rest, they all said their goodbyes and left the hospital.

Neither of them said a word as they walked to the edge of town where Route One began. All three of them took one last look at Pallet Town, figuring that it would be a long time before they saw it again, then they all walked together and took their first steps toward their journeys.

*071*2014-01-23 06:14

I know the end seems a little dark... However I thought that this chapter would be as good a time as any to introduce a potential antagonist in the story. Curious as to who this mysterious bastard is? You'll find out within the next few chapters! Stay tuned!

And sorry, can't say anything. That would be a Spoiler bro lol

*073*2014-02-16 18:42

Sorry for the huge delay. I finally got out of North Carolina (and just in time for the winter storm too) and I will resume posting within the next few days
