Surge and Kitsunami's Mission (Sonic the Hedgehog)

Author: mourn365

*000*2023-04-23 11:07

Surge and Kitsunami's Mission

&&

AO3 Verision: https://archiveofourown.org/works/46543978

"Take THAT, you bucket of bolts!" Surge the Tenrec taunted the badnik while kicking it.

"You’re doing great, Surge!” Kitsunami called out to Surge, holding a thumbs up.

“Shut up and gimme a boost!” She barked at Kit, indicating a ledge.

The duo was on a mission for The Restoration to destroy a new egg base that popped up in a snowy region. The mission was only to scout out the base, but in Surge’s head, they shouldn't have sent her if they only wanted it scouted out.

The two friends were created by a platypus named Doctor Starline, a former apprentice of Doctor Eggman. After Eggman fired him from the Egg Empire, he made Surge and Kit take down the empire. However, his plan failed, and Eggman killed him in his attempt. Surge hunted Sonic across Mobius for a time, trying to take him out. Eventually, Sonic helped her realize her wrongdoings and join The Restoration.

Surge continued to run through the base, destroying all the robots in her path, with Kitsunami close behind. They broke through a door, revealing the interior, illuminated by red lights.

“C’mon, keep moving!” Surge called to Kit, and he nodded back to her. More badniks blocked the way, all of which the duo took out. The two reached another metal door and quickly knocked it down. However, two long, robotic metal arms wrapped around them as they entered the room.

“ARGH! PUT ME DOWN, YOU BUCKET OF BOLTS!” Surge shouted as she struggled.

“It’s no use….” Kit said. “These arms are extremely tight.”

Surge soon felt a familiar feeling in her lower abdomen. She had to pee. How did she not realize it until now? It was bad, really bad. “Eugh… Drippy, how are we going to get out of here?” She said, panicked.

“Um, I’m not sure…. But on the bright side, The Restoration will probably send someone our way once they realize we are reporting in!” Kit noticed Surge’s uncomfortable expression. “Are you okay? The arms don’t hurt too much, do they?”

“No, it’s just….” She blushed and looked away. “I have to pee.” She whispered, embarrassed.

“What was that?”

“I SAID I HAVE TO PISS, YOU IDIOT!” Surge shouted, still blushing.

“O-oh.” Kit wasn’t sure how to respond. The room stayed silent for a minute as Surge squirmed as much as she could with the tight arms around her. Kit looked around the circular room for anything he could use to escape. To his right, he noticed an electrical box with Eggman's branding on it.

"Okay, I hope this works!" Kit said to no one in particular.

"Hm? Hope what works?"

Kit focused on the water in his backpack, ejected some of it, and moved it out of the arms. Upon seeing the water, Surge let out a leak in her panties, and she grunted. "Whatever your doing, Drippy, do it fast!"

"Just one sec…." Kit said, carefully bringing his water near the box before splashing it, causing it to short-circuit. Almost immediately, the arm fell limp, allowing the duo to escape the arms easily.

With her now free to use her arms and legs, she placed her hands on her crotch and wrapped her legs together. "Okay, now I just need to find a bathroom and-"

"There are no bathrooms in most Egg Bases." Kit swiftly interrupted her.

"What!? Why the hell not!?"

“Well, robots don’t have bladders or bowels. Therefore, the only bases that Eggman regularly visits have bathrooms.”

Surge groaned. “Ugh, I suppose that makes sense. Let’s just blow this place up and get outta here.”

Kit nodded and followed her along as they proceeded to the next room. In the room, there was a giant circular, silver tube. As the duo approached it, a red eye on the tube revealed itself by opening up.

“This must be the core of the base!” Kit said.

“Then let's show it what’s what!”

Silver balls came down from the ceiling and surrounded the red eye. They spun around rapidly, making it impossible to reach the eye without getting hurt. Surge and Kit looked at each other, unsure of what to do. All of a sudden, the balls started rapidly moving around. The duo noticed their opportunity and attacked the eye before the silver balls returned. They repeated this multiple times, and eventually, the eye began to break down and explode. Before long, the entire base was starting to fall.

“C’mon, time to go!” Surge said quickly, starting to run off. Kit soon followed, with the two avoidings falling debris as they ran out of the quickly collapsing building. They reached the exit and busted the door down. As they left the base, it exploded behind them.

Once the explosion had calmed down, the two took a deep breath of relief. Surge shivered momentarily, and her bladder reminded her of its need. She quickly placed her hands on her midsection, holding on for her dear life. Kit noticed her struggle and awkwardly averted his eyes.

“C’mon, Drippy-” (She suddenly regretted giving him that nickname). “Let’s head back to HQ.”

“Will you be okay?” He asked, concerned.

Surge stayed silent for a moment. “Yup, I can make it.” She said, sounding unsure.

“Okay, if you say so.”

The two began running through the cold snow. Even though she was used to running, every step was torture for Surge. Her bladder felt like it was going to pop any second. What could she do?

Suddenly, her bladder decided that it was time to release. She felt the warm liquid enter her underwear and quickly skidded along the ground to stop. As soon as she could, she wrapped her legs around each other as tight as she could and squeezed her crotch.

Kit noticed that she stopped and turned around to see what was wrong. “Surge! Are you okay!?” He asked frantically.

“N-no… Eugh.” She grunted.

“Will you be able to make it?”

Surge simply whimpered and shook her head no. Her bladder ached like hell, and it would come out one way or another, whether Surge wanted it to or not.

“RAGH! FUCK IT!” She shouted, spreading her legs apart and letting go. She let out a small moan as she felt the pee start to soak her panties.

“Surge? What are you do-” Kit started furiously blushing as he saw a stain beginning to grow on Surge’s pants. He turned around quickly.

Surge closed her eyes and basked in the relief. The warm liquid spread around, heating her in the cold area. Pee trickled down into the snow, causing it to go yellow. She let out another, longer moan. Surge could’ve sworn that she was drooling.

After about forty seconds, Surge finished with a big sigh. She opened her eyes to see Kit still looking away. “My piss is that disgusting, huh?” She teased.

“N-no, Miss Surge, I just-”

“Relax, Drippy; I’m kidding. Let’s get back to Restoration HQ. Hopefully, my pants will be dry by then.”

Kit nodded, embarrassed by Surge’s unabashed attitude. The two headed back to the HQ, where Jewel would surely shout at them for going against their orders.

