Omorashi/ x reader one shots

Author: HiroPotter

*000*2017-11-04 03:18

(Y/n) was sitting on her best friend, Hiro Hamada's, bed, her laptop on her lap as always. Hiro walked into the room and frowned. (Y/n) was clearly exhausted, there were no less than seven empty coffee cups strewn across the floor. This exact thought was not registered at the time, because Hiro was desperate for a wee. He eyed (Y/n) and asked,

. "(Y/n), how many hours have you slept this week?"

"Um... Four?" she asked, unsure. Hiro sighed, knowing that he couldn't distract her without the doomsday option, and proceeded to tickle her mercilessly. He stopped immediately when she swore profusely, her shaking hands shooting in between her legs. Hiro backed away, mouth forming a perfect 'O' as a soft hiss began growing louder and louder. (Y/n) was mortified. Here she was, a 14 year old college student, peeing her panties... on her best friend and crush's bed no less! Seeing (Y/n)'s release reminded Hiro of the dire situation at hand. He began to shuffle to the loo, but lost control halfway across the room. His telltale hiss was much quieter, but still loud enough for (Y/n) to look around, confused, and spot Hiro, soaking wet and standing in the middle of a fair-sized puddle. Hiro expected her to hate him, momentarily forgetting that she was wet, too. To his surprise, she grinned and said,

. "I think I may have a fetish. Wanna go out?" Hiro grinned back, and replied,

. "As you wish."

(Okay, I'm kind of new to this site, and I mean new to write, not read. But hooray! I think that this turned out well, don't you?)

