Birthday Surprise

Author: fullbladder

*000*2014-05-29 16:44

Right away, he knew she was... different. From the moment he walked into the club that fateful night and set eyes on the shy petite brunette shyly sipping a martini in the corner, Shaun knew she warranted further attention. Unlike her confident friends who were chatting up some obviously interested boys, she seemed rather uncomfortable, almost cautious. Shaun's own group eagerly scanned the revealing short skirts, low-cut tops, and form-fitting dresses in the venue, hoping for opportunity. However, Shaun's gaze settled on the only generously dressed female there, in a knee length, half-sleeve, summer-pink dress. She stood 5'3 and couldn't have been over 110 pounds.

Shaun hated clubbing, everything about it- the loud music, shallow people, bright lights which gave him headaches even if he didn't drink. Every year, on his birthday, he was forced to partake as a result of a stupid bet he had lost to his best friend as a freshman. Once tonight was through, he would be free of this for the next 365 days. He was clearly out of place, to the point where he felt awkward to even be there. A 5'9 23-year old who was still on the chubby side even after losing ten pounds, he would have much preferred to be playing video games in his dorm room.

The girl gazed around the club and made eye-contact with Shaun. Flashing a shy smile, she quickly looked back down at her drink. It was the only push Shaun needed- a force well beyond him seemed to push him towards the Latino-Asian mix standing next to the bar and he began walking. Shaun could feel his friends react in surprise. Never before had they seen their reserved friend approach a stranger as he was doing. The couple of occasions he had gotten laid had been sheer results of drunk girls deciding they wanted to make a move on him.

As he approached her, Shaun realized he didn't know what to say. Fortunately, she spoke up. "Hi, I'm Eva."

"N-nice to meet you. I'm Shaun."

It turned out Eva wasn't a fan of clubs either and had just been dragged out by her cousin who thought it was a good idea to help her find a boyfriend. Shaun found it surprisingly easy to talk to her, as they had a number of common interests. It wasn't fifteen minutes before she suggested taking the conversation outside, away from the noise.

"That's better," Shaun commented as they stepped out into the cool San Francisco night.

"Yeah, I don't think I'll be letting Marcy drag me out to a club anytime soon," Eva agreed.

"I'm glad you came out tonight though," Shaun retorted, blushing immediately. He wasn't used to revealing his feelings.

Eva giggled. "You're sweet... and cute too!" She covered her mouth, reddening slightly. "Oh my! I have had TOO much to drink!"

Shaun laughed. "I think you're cute too."

Eva looked up at his brown eyes behind Harry Potter glasses and smiled warmly. She caught herself a few seconds later and shivered from the cold. The shiver through her body made her realize she needed to pee as she almost squirted inadvertently. Looking at the long lineup to enter the club, she decided she would need to trust her new boyfriend a lot sooner than she had planned. Grabbing his hand, she led him down the street and turned into a dark alley. Eva could feel herself losing the battle- a familiar feeling. She always only had a few seconds from this point before the unavoidable happened.

"Make sure no one sees!" she whispered urgently to Shaun, as she released his hand to quickly scramble to the secluded side of a large dumpster in high heels. She never made it there. Her bladder started voiding itself full force and she quickly yanked down her undergarments to minimize the damage. In a half squat position she had gotten quite a lot of practice with over the years, Eva peed a torrent onto the asphalt below somehow avoiding wetting her dress. Shaun looked on dumbfounded as he watched the beautiful girl in front of him peeing openly. It dawned on him that it wasn't a pair of panties around her ankles, but rather a cloth diaper coupled with a plastic cover.

Excited chatter and laughter brought him back to his senses. A group of people leaving the club had just discovered the scene in the alley and Shaun hustled to block Eva from view with his body and tell the group to screw off. They snapped a few photos and laughed before disappearing from view.

"Sorry I didn't block the view there," Shaun apologized, as Eva got up after relieving herself. He was still facing away, but, out of the corner of his eye, he could see her feeling the crotch area of the diaper for wetness before pulling it up to her waist. Shaun adjusted himself to try to hide the rock-hard boner that had formed a tent in his jeans. Both him and Eva were avoiding being the first to look at each other, embarrassed at what had just happened.

"It's quite alright," Eva assured, "I'm used to the reactions. I guess this is a good time as any to tell you about my bladder iss...." Her voice tailed off as she noticed the massive bulge in Shaun's pants. She grabbed him by the shirt and shoved him behind the dumpster. In an instant, she had him unzipped and in her mouth. Six bobs of the head and the deed was done- Shaun's head snapped back with a deep sigh, as his hot semen forcefully filled Eva's mouth. They remained frozen in that position for a brief moment before approaching voices and footsteps once again brought them back to reality. Eva just barely zipped him up and got to her feet as curious eyes peered into the dark alley once again. Once the latest group had passed, Eva and Shaun made their way to his place, deciding to text their friends later.

"As I was saying, I have bladder problems which make me wet myself without warning- especially with alcohol. I wear diapers all the time, even to bed." Eva looked cautiously at Shaun hoping it wasn't too alarming.

"I love seeing women wet themselves. I have been visiting pee sites ever since I can remember." Shaun and Eva looked at each other, unable to believe their luck. Eagerly, they pressed further.

"I have always wanted to see a boy pee in his pants. Have you ever done it?" Eva bit her lip. Her diaper was getting wetter still as she asked the question.

Shaun hesitated before deciding that they were already too far gone to withhold secrets. "I love wetting panties- I have a huge collection hidden in my room." Eva's knees almost buckled from the response; she was hopelessly turned on. She couldn't get to Shaun's place fast enough.

"Do you need to piss right now?" She asked, taking the opportunity to look down at his crotch.

Shaun paused, evaluating the fullness of his bladder. "I do, actually. The drinks are making their way through and I always need to go after cumming."

"Can I watch you pee your panties?" Eva couldn't resist reaching down the front of her dress and rubbing hard through her diaper as they walked down the dark, empty street. Shaun could feel his cock hardening again. He didn't have to answer, as they had reached home. He led Eva to his room and pulled out a plastic bag full of ladies' intimates from under his bed. She rummaged through it eagerly, rubbing her crotch against his bed post, before finally settling on silk purple Brazilian-cut. Shaun dressed himself in the panties and led her stealthily through the hall into the washroom.

"Toilet or shower?" he asked.

"Toilet," she said decisively and knelt down in front of it even before he was seated, eagerly anticipating the show.

He sat down and tried to pee, as Eva gently fondled his male genitalia through the soft cloth. Eva closed her eyes in deep pleasure as the warm pee wet the panties and ran down her fingers. She started rubbing more vigorously and his penis erected, shooting pee out with force through the thin cloth and wetting Eva's face and breasts. Shaun reached out and massaged her small round tits through the wet dress. As his bladder emptied, there was a knock at the washroom door.

"Just a minute!" Shaun called out instinctively with a look of panic at Eva, who shrugged helplessly.

"Please hurry! I really need to GO- about to wet myself!" It was his housemate's girlfriend, Jackie. Shaun had forgotten to check if the house was empty in the midst of all the pee fun! Now they were stuck in the washroom in pee-soaked clothes with no way out!

"What should we do?" Eva mouthed. Shaun looked around frantically for a solution. The towel could help! He grabbed it from the bar and handed it to Eva, who graciously draped it around her shoulders covering the upper part of the wet dress. He still needed something to cover his wet panties though.

Jackie banged at the door again, pleading. "Please! I can't hold it! I'll go in the shower- just let me in!"

The shower curtain! Shaun got to his feet and started undoing it from the rail. In a minute flat, he had it off and around himself as Eva unlocked the door. Jackie stood prancing around in severe desperation, clearly drunk and recently awakened. Her fingers tightly clenched her vagina, though clearly failing to prevent urine leakage. She was helplessly squirting in her tight faded jeans, with wet streaks almost down to her knees. She already had her jeans undone, but even pulling them down in her desperate state was too much. Eva and Shaun got a close-up look at her soaked ass as she simply hobbled to the toilet and sat down to pee through her already-wet clothes. The new lovers stared at each other for a moment before giving in to their raging horniness and rushing to the bedroom. Seeing an attractive redhead having a drunk pee accident before their eyes was overwhelming.

With Eva on top pumping hard enough to make the walls shake, they both came in three minutes flat. As she climaxed, she lost control of her bladder for the second time that night, squirting her fluids all over Shaun's sweaty body. They collapsed into each other's arms in a loving embrace, falling asleep almost immediately.

Eva, having forgone redressing herself in her diaper, ended up wetting Shaun's bed that night. Shaun, being the gentleman he was, convinced her that it didn't matter by emptying his own bladder beneath the sheets, adding to the warm wetness. Of course, they ended up making love there and then which ended in another golden shower for Shaun.

*002*2014-06-01 09:57

Embracing Nature

Eva's pussy tingled with excitement and anticipation, despite the butterflies in her stomach resulting from nervousness. Her tummy was full of water and white wine but still seemed to flip inside of her. Her boyfriend of six weeks, Shaun, was waiting for her at the door. Since meeting him, she had started to embrace watersports. Though diapers had always been a part of her life, she had not seen the sexual side of the wetting habit until now. Shaun had introduced her to a whole new world of pee fun.

It was almost dark outside- the final rays of sunshine reflected off the tall buildings in the west. Eva already felt like she needed to pee, but knew it was just her mind playing games with her. Shaun had permitted her to empty her bladder five minutes ago, but only after downing two glasses of wine and another two glasses of water. "Breaking the seal" was what he had called it, as the preliminary pee would get her kidneys working and her bladder into peeing mode. She had wondered if there was any point to the exercise at all, being a small and weak bladdered girl who practically lived in diapers. She would pee soon no matter what.

This was an unusual walk for the couple. They had gone out after drinking many times, but Eva had always been afforded the protection of a diaper. The walks were always quite the thrill for the both of them as she held on until her bladder gave out. She had wet her diaper for Shaun in a variety of places, including the grocery store, library, even busy streets. These wettings always led to hot sex, even a few times in public.

Today, Eva was wearing panties- full cut pink cotton panties under her short white skirt. Shaun had been trying to convince her that peeing was not something she should be ashamed of and had even gone far enough to wet himself out in public with her. It had been a shocking but exciting event for her. For her birthday last week, he had let her pick out his outfit (she had selected old faded jeans with g-string panties underneath) and they had headed to an out-of-town pub. She agreed to be the driver and stuck to soft drinks while Shaun downed drink after drink of her choosing.

After nearly two hours of drinking beer, tequilla shots, and vodka-cokes all the while wriggling from the mounting desperation, Shaun had wet his jeans in his seat, producing a pee puddle large enough to flow out from under the table to the bar entrance ten feet away. The cute waitress noticed the accident even before he had finished peeing and her cry of shock drew attention from the entire bar. As Shaun burned red with humiliation, Eva quickly apologized for his accident and paid for the drinks, leaving behind a generous tip for the trouble. Still, the angry bartender shouted at them not to come back. Everyone there took a long look at Shaun's wet jeans as they left the bar.

Eva could barely keep her hands off her drunk man's wet crotch as she pulled out of the parking lot. She managed to find a deserted hardware store parking lot and within two minutes of being kicked out of the bar, Shaun was ripping off Eva's wet diaper to fuck her while still wearing soaked jeans. They had to stop yet another time on the drive home to satisfy their powerful urges before finally getting to their usual romp in Eva's bed.

Now it was Eva's turn to wet herself in public. She had agreed to accompany Shaun on a scenic evening walk by the water. First, they would need to walk ten minutes to the bus stop, followed by another ten minute bus ride. The ocean-side walkway was another five minute walk away. The plan was to stroll along the water until Eva peed herself then head back home. As Eva and Shaun reached the bus stop, she wondered if she would even be able to last the bus ride there. She was already feeling her bladder filling at an alarming rate.

The bus arrived almost five minutes later and Eva had her legs tightly crossed. Her plan was to try to get a seat at the back so if she did lose control, not too many people would see. Unfortunately, the back was taken by two teenaged couples out on a double date, already engaged in hot make-out sessions.

Eva sat down in the middle of the bus with Shaun beside her. She looked out of the window to get her mind off her bladder, but could feel his gaze focused on her trembling legs. She was in pain now and terrified at peeing herself in front of all the passengers. The bus turned onto a pot-hole filled street and the ride suddenly became a whole lot bumpier. It was sheer torture for Eva. Every bump made her struggle hard to prevent squirting into her panties, as the hard vibrations traveled through the metal seat up to her ass. Wordlessly, she stood up and stepped over Shaun's lap, so that she could stand holding on to bus railing. She was dangerously close to wetting herself.

In the back seat, the make-out sessions had just ended prematurely as things had gotten a bit too hot for one of the guys causing him to cum in his briefs. After a good giggle, the drunk teens turned their attention to the attractive Latino-Asian twisting and turning in front of them, clearly in dire need of a toilet. One of the girls, now bored after her partner had embarrassed himself, decided to approach her.

"Um.. excuse me... do you need to like.. pee really bad or something?" The girl could hardly contain her giggles as she asked the question. Hearing it only made Eva's problem worse. She nearly started peeing on the spot and had to remove a hand from the rail to shove into her crotch. Loud laughter emerged once again from the back of the bus as Eva tried to ignore all the eyes on her, her thighs scissoring violently to maintain control of her pee. Shaun felt sympathy for her, but at the same time a huge erection had formed in his pants as a result of his girlfriend's erotic pee dance, her public humiliation, and the bumpy ride which was grinding his cock against his pants. Just a slight touch to his manhood could easily make him mess himself like the teen boy. He had no idea how he was going to hide the giant tent in his shorts when he stood up.

The bus arrived at the stop. The teens howled with laughter as Eva hobbled off the bus with her hand between her legs. As Shaun stood up and began walking, the noise multiplied at the sight of his erect penis. One of the drunk girls, with an obviously full bladder, fell off her seat in uncontrollable laughter and began peeing her light purple shorts. The driver, having seen enough, demanded that the teens exit the bus immediately and refused to drive until they had done so. By that time, Shaun and Eva were safely out of sight.

The walk to the water took nearly ten minutes with Eva struggling to walk without urinating in her skirt. On the way, countless people on the streets took in the sight of the hopelessly desperate woman. Some were visibly amused, even laughing. Others were concerned and asked if she was okay. Shaun quickly replied that she was and that they were just on their way home. Seeing and hearing the water was too much for Eva. She lost control as they stepped onto the walkway, releasing a torrent through her panties. She had been holding herself through her skirt so it got soaked with her pee along with her legs. People walking on the path stopped in their tracks to see the petite brunette wetting herself openly, her slender legs shimmering with shiny wetness.

Eva was lost in overwhelming relief as her bladder emptied, finally voiding its contents. She shuddered involuntarily as she finished peeing and Shaun embraced her in a protective hug. Only then, she noticed the crowd of observers and bowed her head in shame. Shaun quickly led her away, into the direction of the bus stop. Eva felt the warm wet fabric of her panties rubbing against her clitoris as she walked and redirected Shaun into a dark alley. She needed some matters tended to immediately before they headed home.

*006*2014-06-03 06:23

Total Control

"Please Master, I am still thirsty," Eva begged. "May I have some more?"

Shaun slapped her and took the tall empty glass from her bound hands. He refilled it with the jug from the table but hesitated from handing it to the half-naked girl on her knees in front of him. "What if you wet your panties again, you naughty girl?"

"I promise I won't, Sir," she promised. "I swear I'll hold my pee like a grown-up." She accepted the filled glass from him and downed it, as she had done twice already in the past five minutes. Her cunt moistened at the thought of how badly she would need to pee in time. It was simply impossible to hold that much water inside her tiny body.

Shaun and Eva's sex life had quickly evolved to various forms of BDSM, which seemed to go naturally with pee-play. It had all started after one of their usual public wetting adventures where Eva had peed in her school girl outfit just outside the local park, in plain view of children and their shocked mothers. Shaun had dragged her home but instead of tearing off her plaid mini-skirt and frilly, white (now stained yellow) knickers as she had expected, he bent her over the dining table and spanked her wet ass. It had left Eva uncontrollably horny and aching for his touch, but he made her wait in the bent over position as he diapered her over her sullied panties and handed her a large water bottle to drink.

Of course, Eva was unable to keep her diaper dry for long. This resulted in another spanking and re-diapering. By the next morning, her panties were absolutely saturated. Shaun instructed her to put her smelly undergarments over her head as she completed household chores in stark nakedness. Eva was feeling so sexually deprived at that point that her wet pussy juice leaked down her legs and onto the floor. Shaun masturbated while watching her work and made her clean his ejaculate afterwards. Once she had finished her chores, Eva was permitted to shower but with Shaun supervising to make sure she didn't touch herself. She was also plainly instructed to pee while in the shower because she was too much of a baby to be allowed to use the toilet.

After another day in diapers, Shaun had finally provided poor Eva with sexual relief in the shower. She came even before he had gotten started, as his hard cock rubbing against her clitoris while entering her was enough to push her over the edge. The second orgasm didn't take long either.

Eva awoke the next morning in a wet bed (nothing unusual) with her hands bound together. She soon discovered that Shaun had also locked the washroom. When her yells at him were ignored, she had gone into the kitchen to confront him, but he simply forced her to chug a cup of coffee and get to her chores without a morning pee. Her chores, which included washing the wet bed, took twice as long in her desperate and bound state and she ended up peeing on the kitchen floor while washing dishes. Shaun had spanked her again and told her she would be punished properly when he returned from work.

Eva remained bound all day until her master returned. Shaun grabbed Eva once she had handed the glass back a final time and lifted her off the floor. He untied her and told her to get dressed. Feeling her bloated tummy as she walked to the bedroom, Eva surveyed the outfit Shaun had picked out for her- new black silk panties, skin-tight light blue jeans, and a revealing semi-transparent white blouse. She could tell they would be going out. Having accidents in public didn't scare her so much anymore, but there was always the mix of nervousness and excitement which filled her. She quickly donned the clothing over her naked body and admired herself in the mirror. She would be helplessly wetting herself soon- what an exciting thought!

Shaun ended up driving Eva to a nearby cafe. By the time they got there, she already had a slight need to pee and further drinking would surely make it worse. To her horror, she saw her cousin seated there with her fiancé, who seemed to be expecting them. "Hi Frank and Marcy," Shaun greeted cheerfully as they sat down.

They ordered drinks and made small talk for what seemed like ages. Eva felt as if the tea she was drinking was immediately flowing down into her struggling bladder. She tried to hide her desperation but was shifting uncomfortably in her seat as they continued talking. She noticed Shaun, seated beside her, glance down at her lap more and more frequently. He already had a bulge in his pants and was adjusting himself constantly.

"Eva, you are very quiet," Marcy observed. Eva bit her lip and shifted again before answering. "Just a bit tired, that's all."

Shaun jumped on the opportunity. "Well, let's get you a coffee then!"

Eva quickly declined his offer. "No, no! It's quite alright- I just need to get moving, that's all!"

Frank spoke up this time, to Eva's dismay. "How about we all go for a walk together then?"

"Great idea!" Shaun exclaimed and got up to lead the way out. Eva noticed he had his hand in his pocket, presumably to hide his erection from view.

As Eva got up behind him slowly to avoid peeing in her jeans, she felt a strong vibrating sensation in her crotch. She immediately squirted and grabbed her crotch to avoid a complete flood. Her panties were vibrating! Shaun had tricked her into wearing vibrating panties and now he was toying with her using the remote when she was on the verge of a humiliating accident!

Marcy immediately recognized the tell-tale signs of her cousin about to wet herself- she had seen it too many times before. She could not remember Eva ever wearing tight jeans due to her diaper dependence and the choice of attire today had puzzled her from the start; her cousin had definitely not worn a diaper! Thinking quickly, Marcy announced she had to pee and commanded Eva to join her, grabbing her free hand.

Eva hobbled with her, desperately trying to keep her panties dry. On the way to the ladies room, the pleasurable sensation in her pants overpowered her and she squirted again. A large wet spot appeared on her fit butt, which the men admired happily. Shaun thought about turning off the vibrator as she was dragged into the washroom, but the temptation of seeing his girlfriend soak her form-fitting jeans was too strong.

Marcy shoved Eva into the cubicle but it was too late. Eva's breathing grew heavier and shorter as she started moaning, unable to prevent herself from climaxing. A huge squirt escaped her as she tried to undo her jeans with shaking hands. She let out a final scream and collapsed to her knees in front of the toilet. A massive waterfall emerged out of her crotch, drenching her legs down to her knees and flowing unto the floor. She panted hard, trying to catch her breath. She was gripping the toilet bowl with brute force to prevent herself from collapsing into her own puddle. As her bladder finished emptying, she slumped and got lost in her usual post-orgasm bliss before Marcy's voice snapped her back to attention. She had been behind Eva the entire time, holding back her hair.

"Em.. I really do need to pee so..." Marcy spoke awkwardly, bewildered at what had just happened before her eyes.

"Oh sorry!" Eva apologized, getting up so her cousin could use the toilet. As Marcy peed with a relieved sigh, Eva took the opportunity to strip off her wet jeans and remove the panties which were still vibrating despite being soaked with piss. Eva located the vibrator and removed the battery to stop the buzzing before dropping the panties into her purse. Marcy finished peeing and the girls were on their way.

The patrons outside had heard the orgasmic screaming in the ladies room so they were eagerly anticipating the sight that would eventually emerge. They weren't disappointed; the dark-skinned sexy woman in skin tight wet jeans confidently walked over to her boyfriend and dragged him out of the cafe without a sound. She had decided it was about time that she took a turn as his master.

