Moonraker Desperation

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2011-05-27 09:47

// edited excerpt from:

Flemming, Ian. Moonraker. London: Pan Books Ltd., 1963.

By: Rachel K.

While reading I came across the following excerpt, describing female desperation, from a classic James Bond novel. Classic because not only is the story itself a classic but also because it was originally published in 1955, and thus contains all the coded and proper language fitting a British novel of this time, especially one written by such an esteemed gentleman as Mr. Flemming. I personally find the coded language almost more erotic than the more overt, and so what I have done here is reproduced a portion of chapter 18 “Beneath the Flat Stone,” which is preceded by a few short segments, either written by myself or from earlier chapters, summarizing the plot and characters briefly.

I have not, for obvious practical and copy write issues endeavoured to reproduce more than a portion of a chapter of this book. Also note that this is from the original novel and not from the popular film, which follows a different plot and likely has different names etc. You can easily find the book if you want to whole story so my apologies for the rather skint plot summary.

In this version I have made my own additions, to make the story a little more interesting. Enjoy my more risqué version.

The Story Thus Far:

James Bond has been assigned as a security officer to look out for the sabotage of a new super-rocket (the Moonraker) which is being developed by Hugo Drax, and wealthy apparently altruistic millionaire who is donating the super-rocket system to the UK. Also described as a “bullying, boorish, loud-mouthed vulgarian.”(page 32). But a clever and cunning man. The rocket will give England the edge in the arms race. Drax is described as:

“Drax gave the impression of being a little larger than life. He was physically big – about six foot tall, Bond guessed – and his shoulders were exceptionally broad. He had a big square head and the tight reddish hair was parted in the middle. On either side of the parting the hair dipped down in a curve towards the temples with the object, Bond assumed, of hiding as much as possible of the tissue of shinning puckered skin that covered most of the right side of his face. Other relics of plastic surgery could be detected in the man’s right ear, which was not a perfect match with its companion on the left, and the right eye, which had been a surgical failure. It was considerably larger than the left eye, because of a contraction of the borrowed skin used to rebuild the upper and lower eyelids, and it looked painfully bloodshot....

To conceal as much as possible of the unsightly taut skin that covered half his face, Drax had grown a bushy reddish moustache and had allowed his whiskers to grow down to the level of the lobes of his ears. He also had patched of hair on his cheek-bones.” (page 31-32)

I will dispense with a description of Bond because it is enough to picture your favourite movie Bond (mine’s Connery). Through the usual turn of events Bond is paired with an attractive female counterpart, this time her name is Gala Brand, a policewoman from Scotland yard who has been monitoring Drax’s operations for over a year. In Flemming’s classical descriptions, which are the same regardless of whether he is describing a sports car or woman. And yes he actually uses stats to describe her, stats which in other books I have read prove as unrealistic as a Barbie doll, but I digress. He describes Gala Brand as:

“The Photograph on her record-sheet at the Yard had shown an attractive but rather severe girl and any hint of seductiveness had been abstracted by the cheerless jacket of her policewoman’s uniform.

Hair: Auburn. Eyes: Blue. Height: 5 ft 7. Weight: 9 stone. Hips: 38. Waist: 26. Bust: 38. Distinguishing marks: Mole on upper curvature of right breast.

Hm! Thought Bond.” (Page 75)

The other character of note at this point in the story is Willy Krebs, Drax’s right hand man and ‘persuader.’ He is described as having:

“...an ingratiating voice, and Bond looked into a pale round unhealthy face now split into a stage smile which died almost as Bond noticed it. Bond looked into his eyes. They were like two restless black buttons and they twisted away from Bond’s gaze...

[His] hair was close-cropped so that the skin shone through and [he had a] pale wispy moustache.” (page 79).

Thus far, Gala and Bond both have fleeting suspicions about Drax’s operations, but they have been hard pressed to pin down anything specific. They fear the greatest threat will come from outside, and so the previous day, they inspected the site where the rocket is being developed, checking for security problems. To their surprise and near peril, while inspecting the cliff below the site, a large segment of cliff was (purposefully) sent down upon them. They were lucky to escape with their lives and returned to the base, much to the surprise of Drax and his moustachioed crew (for they are all, mysteriously wearing moustaches, and no I am not making this up).

Gala’s suspicions have been heightened by the fact that, every day, after she calculates the trajectory for the rocket (firing plan) using that days weather patterns, she spies Drax and an assistant (Walter) re-calculating the numbers and writing them down into a small black notebook. At first she thinks this is odd, but she has now grown suspicious, she simply must get a hold of the book to see if her numbers and those of Drax are the same and to find an explanation for this strange behaviour. The opportunity presents itself on the day before the test of the rocket, when Drax, along with Krebs and Gala are driving into London to meet with the minister of defence. They prepare to depart the rocket development compound on their way to London...

“Krebs obediently climbed into the narrow back seat behind the driver. He sat sideways, his mackintosh up round his ears, his eyes enigmatically on Bond.

Gala Brand, smart in a dark grey tailor-made coming to just above her knee, silk stockings, seams impeccably straight, a black beret and carrying a lightweight black raincoat and gloves, climbed into the right half of the divided front seat. The wide door closed with the rich double click of a Fabergé box.

No sign passed between Bond and Gala. They had made their plans at a whispered meeting in his room before they hurried out to get to the cars – dinner in London at half-past seven and then back to the house in Bond’s car. Their planning had nearly been overheard by Krebs. Midway through their plans there had come a knock on the door, as Krebs arrived to inform Bond of the time they would be leaving – although they both suspected he had ulterior motives for being there. Gala had been forced to make excuses for her presence, making up a story about a broken lavatory in her room. Krebs had followed her out to Drax’s powerful Mercedes and she had not had time to powder her nose before the long journey to London, let alone properly damage her toilet to corroborate her lie.

She now sat demurely, her hands in her lap and her eyes to the front, as Drax climbed in, pressed the starter, and pulled the gleaming lever on the steering wheel back into third. The car surged away, with hardly a purr from the exhaust and Bond watched is disappear into the trees before he climbed into the Bentley and moved off in leisurely pursuit.

In the hastening Mercedes, Gala busied herself with her thoughts. The night had been uneventful and the morning had been devoted to clearing the launching site of everything that might possibly burn when the Moonraker was fired. Drax had not referred to the events of the previous day and there had been no change in his usual manner. She had prepared her last firing plan while enjoying a hasty breakfast (Drax himself was to do it on the morrow) and as usual Walter had been sent for and through her spy-hole she had seen the figures being entered in Drax’s black book, while she completed her third cup of tea that morning.

It was a hot, sunny day and Drax was driving in his shirt-sleeves. She glanced down and to the left at the top of the little book protruding from his hip-pocket. This drive might be her last chance. Since the evening before she had felt a different person. Perhaps Bond had aroused her competitive spirit, perhaps it was revulsion from playing the secretary too long, perhaps it was the shock of the cliff-fall and the zest of realizing after so many quiet months that she was playing a dangerous game. But now she felt the time had come to take risks. Discovery of the Moonraker’s flight-plan was a routine affair and it would give her personal satisfaction to find out the secret of the black notebook. It would be easy. A fluttering in her chest was but one of the ways her body indicated that this overconfidence was perhaps ill-founded; she also felt a familiar growing urgency elsewhere.

Her chance came, as she had thought it might, in the congested traffic of Maidstone. Drax, intent, was trying to beat the traffic lights at the corner of King Street, and Gabriel’s Hill, but the lane of traffic was too slow and he was checked behind a battered family saloon. Gala could see that when the lights changed he was determined to cut in front of the car in front and teach it a lesson. He was a brilliant driver, but a vindictive and impatient one who was always anxious for any car that held him up to be given something to remember.

As the lights went green he gave a blast on his triple horns, pulled out to the right at the intersection, accelerated brutally and got by, shaking his head angrily at the driver of the saloon as he passed it.

In the middle of this harsh manoeuvre it was natural for Gala to allow herself to be thrown towards him. At the same time her left hand dived under the coat and her fingers touched, felt, and extracted the book in one flow of motion. Then the hand was back in the folds of the coat again and Drax, all his feeling in his feet and hands, was seeing nothing but the traffic ahead and the chances of getting across the zebra outside the Royal Star without hitting two women and a boy who were nearly halfway across it. Gala’s heart pounded as she gripped the notebook.

Now it was only a matter of getting away alone for long enough to read through the book and before Drax noticed it was missing. Gala thought hard, and as if on cue her body provided her with the answer. For some time she had felt the growing urgency, but had initially thought was had come with nerves prior to her manoeuvre. Now she recognized it for the real thing. She was certain that she would be unable to reach London without stopping, and this would provide her with just the opportunity she needed. It was only a question of facing Drax’s frown of rage as with a maidenly but urgent voice she would ask if she could possibly stop for a moment to powder her nose.

A garage would be dangerous. He might decide to fill up with petrol. And perhaps he also carried his money in the hip-pocket. But was there a hotel? Yes, she remembered, the Thomas Wyatt just outside Chatham. Any other driver would have reached Chatham in less than forty-five minutes, but Drax would likely only take twenty, thought Gala. This was well within her capacity and furthermore, and most importantly, it had no petrol pumps. As she worked out her plan, Gala felt her urgency growing and with only a bit of playacting she started to fidget slightly.

Drax, concentrating hard on his driving paid little heed of his squirming secretary as he pulled out of Maidstone and accelerated past ninety on the subsequent straight away of the A229. Drax relaxed his grip on the wheel and shifted as he sped past a white coupe.

Soon, Gala’s fidgeting lost all of its playacting. This shocked her slightly, never before did she forget such basic necessities, and she cursed herself for not taking precautions before leaving. And then she cursed Krebs whose presence that morning had prevented her from doing so, as he had so doggedly followed her from Bond’s room to the big car.

Perhaps she had underestimated how long she could hold out, or perhaps her usual punctuality with such things had not given her the opportunity to build up a strong capacity. Whatever it was Gala felt her need growing, and crossed her legs, her dark grey skirt ridding up slightly as she did so.

She could sense Krebs’ eyes upon her. How often, in her year working for Drax, had she felt his eyes upon her? Perhaps it was the events of the previous day, but she felt that his look had become more cold and calculating. She felt his eyes boring into the back of her head, as if he were trying to read her very mind. At this thought she blushed slightly, imagining the childish thoughts which he would see therein, and praying that only her need and not her crime were write upon her face.

Ten minutes later, as they sped past the outskirts of Walderslade, Gala urgency had grown exponentially. Legs tightly crossed and fidgeting more noticeably, she pulled the coat back on her lap. She cleared her throat.

‘Oh, excuse me, Sir Hugo,’ she said in a strangled voice.

‘Yes. What is it?’

‘I’m terribly sorry, Sir Hugo. But could you possibly stop for just a moment. I want... I mean, I’m terribly sorry but I’d like to powder my nose. It’s terribly stupid of me. I’m so sorry.’

‘Christ,’ said Drax. ‘Why the hell didn’t you ... Oh, yes. Well, all right. Find a place.’ He grumbled on into his moustache, but brought the big car down into the fifties.

‘There’s a hotel just ahead in Chatham,’ said Gala nervously. ‘Thank you so much, Sir Hugo. It was stupid of me. I won’t be a moment.’ The big car continued to slow to forty, now thirty-five. Was it her imagination, or was this uncharacteristic driving on the part of Drax his way of punishing her for the delay, much as he punished other drivers?

At his usually speed they would have reached the hotel in less than five minutes, but as the white coupe passed them at fifty, ten minutes later, they had scarcely reached the outskirts of the town. Gala clenched her teeth and under her jacket, her hand instinctively moved between her tightly squeezed thighs. Her skirt rode up further, revealing a hint of the garter to the greedy eyes of Krebs, from under the edge of her jacket. The pressure built, and Gala cursed her morning tea.

Finally, as Gala felt she approached the point of disgracing herself, the car swerved up to the front of the inn and stopped with a jerk. ‘Hurry up. Hurry up,’ said Drax as Gala, leaving the door of the car open, she rose, hastily pulling down her skirt, and sped obediently across the gravel, as quickly as she could with her thighs pressed tightly together. Her coat with its precious secret held tightly in front of her body.

Gala was forced to stop suddenly as she reached door to the lobby as a wave of urgency washed over her. Her left hand shot between her jacket and skirt and she bent over, as she struggled to hold on. Her right hand reached for support on the edge of the door.

To her mortification, a bellhop, dressed in the customary red blazer of the luxurious hotel approached her inquiringly. He could scarcely be nineteen and his face was pockmarked under a mop of dark brown hair.

‘May I help you madam?’ he queried, looking her over with the appraising eye of an amateur.

‘I... your powered room!’ she pleaded.

Hiding a grin, he indicated the hallway to the left of the grand staircase leading to the restaurant and second floor, which dominated the lobby. Attempting to compose herself, Gala stood up, and removing her hand from betwixt her thighs and took several purposeful steps towards the hall. It was nearly her undoing. She gasped as her body betrayed her, letting loose a momentary trickle into her knickers. She felt the gusset moisten. To her horror a small stream wend its way down her right inner thigh and to the top of her garters. Momentarily regaining control, Gala threw decorum to the wind as she made a mad dash towards the loo. Her left hand pressed firmly between her thighs, pushing hard against the wet gusset of her knickers. Nearly there she once again froze with the shock of another wave of urgenct, right hand supporting her rigid body as she twisted and contorted her legs.

She could feel the warm wetness spreading from the tops of her garters down her thighs as her control abandoned her. She was starting to attract attention, and astounded hotel guests peered down the hallway from the lobby, their whispers carrying down the hall to the struggling Gala.

In other circumstances she would have been mortified, as in her alacrity her skirt had ridden up to a scandalous level, revealing to sodden tops of her stockings, much less crooked seams. Forgetting everything, Gala pelted into the ladies, and rushed into the nearest stall. Hastily she sat, forgetting her already sodden knickers.

After what seemed like ages Gala inspected the damage. Her knickers were sodden. Equally ruined were her stockings, long wet streaks ran their length, and the elastic garters were drenched. She removed both these articles, peeling down the stockings and drying her legs. Frowning deeply she excited the stall, deposited both the ruined articles into the bin, and stood inspecting herself in the mirror over the sink. Luckily her skirt had been spared, a quick inspection revealed only a few damp patches which were fortunately restricted to the inside. She sighed, she was fortunate her accident would not be too obvious, although she doubted there would be much concealing it from her companions in the Mercedes, for neither Drax nor Krebs could fail to miss the seams of her stockings which habitually divided her shapely legs symmetrically.

How could she have humiliated herself in this way, she thought, seeing her blushing face staring back at her in the mirror. She turned to leave, her hand on the handle when she remembered the note book. She hurriedly returned to the stall and snatched open the notebook.

There they were, just as she had thought. On each page, under the date, the neat columns of figures, the atmospheric pressure, the wind velocity, the temperature, just as she had recorded them from the Air Ministry figures. And at the foot of each page the estimated settings for the gyro compasses.

Gala frowned. At a glance she could see that they were entirely different from hers. Drax’s figured simply bore no relation to hers whatsoever.” (Pages 130 – 132)

As carefully as she could she removed specimen page. Folding it carefully she tucked the incriminating slip of paper into her glove. She stowed the note book back into her jacket, and straightening her dress for the last time she hurried out of the loo. Walking quickly down the hall she passed the evidence of her accident, small dark patched on the crimson carpet.

She blushed as she hurried through the lobby, averting the eyes of the gawking bellhop and customers, through the front doors and towards the waiting car. The door of the Mercedes remained ajar as she had left it. It driver clenched the wheel impatiently, and as she padded across the gravel to the big car, she could feel the eyes of both occupants upon her, upon her naked legs and scarlet cheeks.

She regained her seat with eyes downcast, averting the looks of the two men. As she closed the door Drax swung into third and sped off back onto the highway, his speed climbing rapidly. Now all that remained was to replace the note book back into Drax’s pocket before they arrived in London. Gala’s heart raced as she planned her next move...

I would love suggestions and feedback. Private message ‘Rachelkirwan’ on IMVU.

Rachel K.

*003*2011-05-30 23:21

Thnanks for the feedback guys! I love the desperatly trying to hold on and keep composure and it definitly works for the time frame when people wouldn't even say washroom let alone show that they had to pee in public :)

Thanks!

*006*2020-04-14 20:39

I thought I'd revive this one from the vaults. I've been sharing old experiences on FetLife and found my old copy of this. Yes it's been a decade, but I still love it! So sorry to necro this but we live in hard times and sometimes this means we need more erotica

