Lea and Jamie in the Rain

Author: goth-kitty

*000*2014-02-11 07:58

“Time for a walk,” Lea says taking Jamie by the hand. “Yes, mistress,” Jamie moans in pain. He hasn’t peed since last night and the mere thought of walking makes his bladder ache. Lea heads for the front door and Jamie implores, “Won’t you please let me use the restroom before we go? I’ve been a good boy!” Lea glares at her puppet. “No… Now put on your jacket it’s raining, your boots too, we wouldn’t want you catching a cold.” She smiles to herself, knowing his boots will soon be full of warm pee.

Jamie drags his feet to the door, loosening his belt a notch to compensate for his swollen bladder. It doesn’t make much of a difference as his pants are tight around his stomach. What fresh hell had he gotten himself into when he decided it was better to be right in an argument than have bathroom privileges. He wasn’t even right in the first place! Now he’s hunched over holding his abdomen and hoping for the pain to end soon.

Lea practically drags Jamie out the front door of their apartment toward the stairwell. “The stairs? Oh couldn’t we please take the elevator?” Lea continues dragging him until they reach the first step. Lea starts jogging down the steps with Jamie in tow. “Ah,” he screeches, a small patch of pee staining his light blue jeans. His hands immediately grab at his crotch “Now, puppet, what did I say about wetting yourself. That will only get you more punishment” Lea smile slyly. Punishment for him is pleasure for her.

Jamie lets go of the damp material between his legs and tries his hardest to hold on to the inevitable flood. Lea graciously takes the rest of the stairs at a more reasonable pace. She wants this to last as long as possible.

They reach the lobby and head out into the pouring rain. It’s spattering causing Jamie to once again grab for his wee hole in despair. He stops the flow just in time to see a larger patch form on his pants, but nothing more. “Puppet, we are in public, it is impolite to grab yourself, now give me your hand,” Lea says. Jamie does as he is directed and holds Lea’s hand.

They saunter around the block for about ten minutes, the rain subsiding and the sun starting to shine through the trees. Lea decides it’s time to go for a little hike and leads Jamie into a small meadow behind their apartment building. She hops over a downed tree and Jamie lifts his foot to go over it when a sudden wave of desperation overwhelms him, causing him to drop both feet to the ground and shove both hands into his crotch. Lea watches in delight as he squirms.

Jamie tries his best to hold back the days’ worth of pee inside of him, but it is of no use. The flood gates open and it gushes from him. Lea watches has the light blue fabric of his pants becomes a shiny dark shade of denim. He stands for at least three minutes, head tilted down in shame and boots filling with pee. Lea can’t help but sit on the downed tree and touch herself.

Jamie spots Lea’s uncontrollable arousal and can’t help but stare in lust. His bladder being empty, he now has a different feeling in his loins. His turn. He grabs Lea’s hand and they run together back to their apartment, galoshes spilling all of the pee they had accumulated.

