Anything to Confess?

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2021-07-18 23:42

Chapter 1

Bangor, Northern Ireland

Megan

Minutes go ever so slowly when you’re watching jeans, skirts, t-shirts, underwear and pyjamas spinning round and round in warm soapy water. Most of them aren’t even mine either and to make it worse there’s two full machines of our washing turning so I’m going to be here quite some time yet.

That’s why I came early; and I came prepared. I should be grateful for the peace and quiet as that’s so rare in my family that I can’t remember ever having the house to myself…and I’m 22! Seriously! I’m sibling 6 out of nine (Catholic family. Don’t even mention birth control to dad…just don’t…trust me). Thankfully our Shaun and Aisling are married, Iain and Niamh are both off at university and Theresa is working, so I was next on the list. Apparently I need ‘to keep busy’ which is mam’s way of politely saying ‘shouldn’t you have a new job by now.’

At least this *should* be my last time here, that’s if the washing machine part finally arrives and dad fixes it this weekend.

Seriously, is it really only another minute since I last looked at the machine? I can’t concentrate on my novel or even the crossword book I grabbed from the car door. I’ve only been sitting on this plastic chair 42 minutes but I’ve already had two cans from the vending machine to pass the time and I now regret that…a lot! Clearly launderettes don’t anticipate people actually sitting waiting, well this one doesn’t at least, because while the vending machines wedged in the corner allure you to spend money to eat and drink there’s no facilities for when the purchased items make their way inevitably through your body and need back out. My body must be on double speed time too because I’ve been needing to pee for 10 minutes at least already!

I guess living in a big family has at least given me plenty practice at holding my bladder. I can see that coming in handy this morning. 17 minutes then I can transfer the first load into the dryer. Then by the time I get that done the second lot should be finishing so I can get that in another dryer. So 20ish minutes of sitting here staring at clothes turning, numbers counting down and water sloshing around to go. Oh fuck why is there so much water right in front of me right now? Come on machines..I need a wee!

Oh God…just what I need. Someone’s coming.

‘Excuse me, is it ok to just use any free machine?’

‘That’s what I do.’

‘Right. Sorry I just moved here a few days ago and it’s next week before my washing machine is coming so apologies for the daft questions. Actually, another daft question, but do I need tokens or coins or anything?’

He seems genuine and nervous so I haul myself off the chair, hoping he doesn’t think I’m being magnanimous and letting him have it, as I point to the coin slot, show him where the detergent goes and smile as I joke ‘just like the buses I’m afraid…they don’t give change here either.’

‘No I noticed that too. Gareth told me the government would charge for people to sit on the beach here if they could!’

‘They sort of already do if you want to hire a deckchair. And the price of an ice cream on the seafront makes these things seem cheap.’

‘Oh great. At least the public toilets are still free here? Assuming you have some right?’

I chuckle and step from foot to foot hoping he doesn’t notice. Is my full bladder so noticeable to a stranger they are hinting about public toilets? Oh God I hope not. But he’s facing the machines, tossing clothes in and feeding coins so hopefully it’s just conversation.

Except it’s a bit of a sore point right now.

‘Welcome to Bangor! The place you’ll never forget. Where people direct you via pubs, whole streets are related to each other, you get four seasons in one day and we spend millions attracting tourists but close down the public loos. The logic of the Irish eh!’

He turned and looked at me laughing with his eyes. I might have paid more attention if it wasn’t for the fact I was bursting for the loo. As I hear water pouring into his machine I sit back on my plastic throne, crossing my legs and tapping my foot.

Come on washing. Hurry up!

$$

$$

$$

*001*2021-07-19 15:56

Chapter 2:

Liam

The sun was shining the day I arrived. Maybe, just maybe that’s a sign that things are finally looking up. About bloody time too! The flat isn’t quite as it seemed on the online advert but it’ll do. Lauren did all the decorating so I haven’t even got the first idea about that. She did a lot of things I now realise.

But I’m getting there slowly. The first shopping trip was weird. Filling the trolley with meals for one, two toilet rolls, (I always wondered why anyone would buy a pack of two. Now I know at least), washing up liquid (God I miss the dishwasher…probably, well actually a lot more, than I miss Lauren that’s for sure), milk, a small loaf of bread made for lonely people and the essential cans of beer. I’ve been back twice now to get other stuff I forgot. I never did bother doing the shopping so it’ll take a while to get used to this single living stuff.

I was kind of meandering along nicely for days when I had one of those big Lidl bags full of dirty washing and I suddenly realised there was no washing machine in the flat. I hadn’t even thought of that but good old Argos to the rescue and the cheapest one they have will be installed next week. As long as it works right? Except next week? What’s a bloke supposed to wear until then? It was a bright enough morning so I figured I’d take myself a walk and maybe see if there was a launderette anywhere. There’s more side streets in this seaside town though than there is seagulls and that’s saying something!

What can I say about the laundrette? Now that was one hell of a great find that was! I was just going to stick my clothes in and go for a wander but the sight in that place held my attention much more than any seafront, boats, sand or slot machines for sure! I actually still can’t believe my luck but Jesus Christ it was like winning the bloody lottery… and I’m not talking about getting a free washing machine either!

So yes it involved someone of the opposite species…and a beautiful one at that! They say the Irish are meant to be lucky but maybe just moving to Ireland has made me lucky? Anyway, I walked in and this young girl was there. I, as is the case with most domesticated things, hadn’t got the first clue how to work the things. She kindly showed me and we had a brief convo, you know the sort of thing about cost of stuff blah blah. Miraculously I got the machine to go and I was debating wether to go a wander or stay when I turned around and saw her sitting on the only chair in the place. There was something about her, not my usual type, actually quite a bit younger than me, everyday casual looking in her leggings and cotton top, her long hair tied back and her legs crossed looking at the puzzle book in her hand.

I think it was her legs that caught me first, not in a sexual kind of way, but in a ‘can’t sit still’ sort of way. One leg was tapping on the floor and the other swinging. Maybe she was just bored? Cold? I wasn’t sure but decided I’d stand about a bit and see. I didn’t have anything else to really do anyway and from the brief conversation we’d just had she definitely sounded local. I stood to the side and watched her out the corner of my eye. She was definitely fidgety and restless for sure.

I must have stood there about 10 minutes at least looking out the window people watching listening to the soothing sounds of the machines turning and spinning and the constant tapping of a foot on the floor. The tapping seemed to disappear a bit but then one of the machines was spinning loudly so I glanced round to see and sure enough that leg was still going, faster now, and she was most definitely wriggling more. I had to turn away quickly as my mind was thinking all sorts and well…let’s not go there shall we.

I felt a bit awkward like so I stepped outside and had a smoke but the door was wedged open. I was maybe half way through my cigarette when I heard a sigh and looked in. The girl was bend forwards at one of the machines pulling the wet washing out and she seems to be struggling. I stamped on my ciggie to put it out and went in to help. From behind her bottom was wiggling side to side, her legs kind of marching up and down on the spot as she stretched in the large machine. I cleared my throat so she knew I was there then just sort of asked, ‘need some help there miss?’

It was as she pulled her upper body out the machine that I couldn’t help noticing her face was flushed. She still couldn’t stand still bending down pushing the damp clothes into a big bag and bending her legs this way and that. She sort of panted an answer back but I’d already taken the fact she’s stepped back as a go ahead so I reached in and grabbed what was left in the drum and put them in her bag. She started dragging the heavy bag across to the dryers so I took a handle to help her and watched as she loaded it all into a dryer. I didn’t want to squeeze past her anyway and risk our bodies touching. Definitely not with what was going on between my legs anyway!

Another machine was spinning loudly behind us as she looked around dancing and twisting her body.

‘Lost something?’

‘My purse. I left it at the chair if you don’t mind letting me past please?’

I pushed myself up against the machines as she thankfully squeezed past backwards her bottom and back rubbing lightly against my front. As soon as she’d squeezed past I walked to the door again to give her space. I didn’t mean to stare but fuck I couldn’t help it. She stood with her back to me and I fucking swear she had a hand between her legs as she picked up her purse from next to that plastic chair. I quickly looked at the washing machine with my stuff in and realised I had every reason to wait now as the timer read 23 minutes as my eyes immediately turned back to the girl who couldn’t keep still. She squeezed her gorgeous thighs together as she pushed a coin in the slot and returned to her seat where she wriggled openly.

There was a lot of noise from the spinning machine but I swear she was bouncing on the seat as I scanned the room quickly as she caught me looking. Awkward much!

To hell with it I thought. I’ll probably never set eyes on her again and despite how fucking sexy her squirming is she clearly needs to go somewhere urgently. I stepped nearer, just enough inside the door that I hoped no-one else would hear.

‘You ok there miss?’

She pressed a hand to her thigh, pushed hard, as she leaned forwards, her words portraying the exact opposite to her actions.

‘Yeah fine. Just waiting on the other machine then I need to nip off somewhere for a bit. If you are waiting here will you keep an eye on my laundry please?’

‘Sure’

I thought then the show was going to be over. Maybe she knew somewhere nearby she could use the facilities? It was damn obvious she was very desperate and her not saying was sexy as hell. Lauren had called my liking for ‘damsels in distress’ as she liked to call in, vulgar, but you can’t help what turns you on can you? And fuck was I seriously turned on by this stranger in the laundrette at this point.

But back to what happened next because, as God is my witness, I will never EVER forget that morning!

So she sat there leaning forwards wriggling side to side with her head down until the spinning came to a sudden end and the washing machine beeped. I expected her to come right over but she just sat there. Over a minute passed but she was still fidgeting, rocking, bent forwards in her own world as if she’d forgotten where she was. I felt a huge pang of guilt at that point and compassion to help her. I honestly thought she might vomit or faint or something so I walked up to her carefully, tapped her shoulder gently and quietly spoke.

‘That looks like your machine has finished if you want a hand to get it in the dryer?’

That’s when our eyes first met properly. They were tearful, pleading, urgent. Her cheeks bright red and her forehead tense. She was still fidgeting like mad, both hands on the top of her thighs pushing down, her legs moving continually. Her lips moved but at first no sound came out until she managed to finally form a few audible words.

‘I think I’m going to have an accident!’

What was I meant to say to that? My body was screaming ‘fuck yes!’ but my heart was thinking ‘how awful’. I didn’t know which one to listen too and in the end it didn’t matter. I kind of patted her shoulder and tried looking at the door though really I was fixated on nothing but her.

I don’t know what I expected a real girl to look like as she pissed herself. I mean I’d seen it loads on pornhub but how accurate were they really? I mean do real woman show their crotch off sitting on the bonnet of a car as they pee or spray it towards a camera in a country lane? I highly doubted that regardless how hot it was. But this was something else. I was fucking touching a real female who I’d watched frantically squirming for God knows how long right in front of me. She wasn’t the only one about to have a bloody accident right now. My own crotch was already wet with precum.

Then it happened. It was like a freeze frame from a movie, like someone pressed stop, and suddenly her bouncing, wiggling, squirming, leg moving, all stopped. She spread her knees on the chair, her hands still on the top of her thighs as the noise of turning drums of washers and dryers was joined by the soft, hot as hell, whizzing of warm urine running down the inside leg and pooling on the plastic chair of this random Irish girl. It kelp coming too, like I was in some erotic never ending dream. Fuck. I could smell it I was that close. Little sexy puddles formed at both her feet and she splashed her trainers in them teasingly. When I figured she must have finished I squeezed her shoulder just a little and finally found some words.

‘Not your fault they don’t have toilets is it?’

You know what? She laughed at that, stood up, put her damp washing into the dryer herself and then sat right back down on that wet chair until all her laundry was dry. Then she folded it and left. By which time the front of her leggings had mostly dried but as I watched her walk out the door her bottom was still soaked.

When Gareth said Bangor had amazing things in store for me he wasn’t joking. I think I’m going to love it here after all.

*003*2021-07-19 19:42

{{52 minutes ago, Beastman said:

Another great story.. She must live in his neighbourhood since they are at the same laundromat.. Surely he will run in to her again?

}}

Plenty more chapters to come yet…

*004*2021-07-20 23:45

Chapter 3

Megan

Most 22 year olds go out clubbing or dancing or to the pub on a Saturday night. Not me. I’m back in my second home, well it feels like my second home anyway; St Mary’s chapel.

It’s a beautiful chapel, steeped in history, amazing architecture; a place you can sense peace and solitude. An oasis; my oasis. I alternate between staring up at the crucifixion, bowing in personal prayer or admiring the stained glass windows. I might light a candle to join the few burning away already and the faint voices give me that assurance that someone is in confession again.

That’s where I should be too clearly. I haven’t been settled every since the laundrette visit. That’s why I came here again and why I am still sitting on this cold wooden pew an hour later. I’ve went through so many of the prayers I know by heart, read through so much of the Holy scriptures, crossed myself so many times and even used the Holy water to bless myself as I came in…but I still can’t shake the feelings of last Wednesday. It doesn’t even seem to matter that I’ve been to mass every day since.

I was lost in thought with my head bowed when I heard his familiar voice across from me whispering my name. I looked up at Father Reilly and tried to smile. He’s known me from birth, christened me, christened 8 of my siblings too, seem almost all my family take first communions, taken funerals of my aunt, my dear granny, uncle James and more I can’t even remember as I was too young, and he married both our Shaun and Aisling. He can read me like a book and I’m sure he knows that I’ve been here every night for days.

‘You want left alone? Anything troubling you there Miss Murphy?’

I can’t exactly say I disgraced myself in public in front of a stranger, who happened to be male, by pissing myself because I couldn’t hold my own bladder and that I am now left with inexplicable feelings of guilt, a ridiculous urge to do it again and…how dare I even suggest this…but a massive sexual desire that I never knew existed? If only Father Reilly knew how fucking horny I have been since that moment and how ravenous it left me, so much so that just thinking about it gives me shivers and sets my body alight? Like he’d even understand since he’s vowed to complete celibacy anyway.

Oh God you need to help me with this one!

‘Take however long you need Megan. Remember there’s nothing God doesn’t understand. Oh and remember: confession cleans the soul. If something is troubling you you know where I am.’

I smile and let him go to his confession booth. Bless him. He means well but it’s not like this can be fixed with a few Hail Mary’s, the prayer of forgiveness or even the whole rosary. Believe me I’ve been trying it all.

I miss Teresa. I’m the only girl at home now (mam’s not a girl!) other than little Yasmin and she’s not even out of nappies yet so not like she can help. Anthony and Rory are too young, and besides that there’s the unavoidable fact they are male. I love mam fiercely but there’s stuff you just don’t ever mention to parents, and besides by 22 you’re kind of supposed to have your shit together aren’t you?

And you definitely aren’t meant to piss yourself…and enjoy it.

I think I’ll just walk home now. I can’t possibly spend another night dreaming about it again and having to sneak to the bathroom at 6:30am to masterbate because I’m bloody swimming in mucus and dying to wee?

I gather my stuff and quietly leave, partly because I’m not ready to confess any of this yet and partly because I’m bursting for a pee again having sat on that cold wooden pew for ages and for the second time this week my mind has had a naughty thought about pissing myself in the chapel.

God forgive me.

I’ll walk the long way back again I think. Past the laundrette. Logic tells me he won’t be there but I really need to pee and it makes the memories stronger if I am in a similar state to how I was that morning. I better get in before the boys get bathed though. I loved pissing myself with that stranger but no way am I doing that in front of my family.

God no!

*005*2021-07-21 12:48

Chapter 4:

Liam

I thought about using the laundrette again. Who am I bloody kidding, I’ve thought about that bloody place so often I can see every part of it when I close my eyes…not the washers or dryers mind but some random Irish girl squirming, fidgeting and showing off her wet arse. Do you blame me? It was like every dream I’ve ever had since puberty come true at once.

But I couldn’t actually go back in. I couldn’t face the reality that she would likely not be there and instead some old age pensioner could be washing their smalls with their dirty tea towels and I’d want to run a mile.

The washing machine comes tomorrow anyway. Maybe now I have some cash coming in I can even save up for a dishwasher too. It’s just a temporary job but it’s start. At least I hope so anyway because despite what Aunt Ella and Lauren’s parents think I don’t plan on returning to England again. Not for some time anyway. Thankfully Gareth understands.

Mum doesn’t even know I’ve moved here but then she up and left for her ‘holiday romance that I just know is Mr right’ when I was 14 and we just text and call now and again now so I could be on Mars for all she knows. Poor Aunt Ella was only meant to watch me for a weekend but mum ‘needed more time’ and Aunt Ella has too big a heart to put me out. She’s lovely, sweet like, and always chirpy, Aunt Ella. I’d maybe have gone back and slept at hers for a bit if it wasn’t for the fact she adored Lauren and was convinced we made the ‘perfect couple’. The less said about that the better!

Lauren hasn’t been in touch. It’s not her style. But by God her parents have! Interfering old bags! Thank God I escaped having them as in-laws. Now that was a close call.

I’ve had plenty thinking time here: Long walks on the sea front, sitting on cold benches watching the sunset, watching predicable box sets on Netflix. I missed out on single life hooking up with Lauren before i’d even finished college. She had such a cute ‘mothering’ side and I think deep down I just wanted cared for. But that came with a condescending bitchy controlling side too that even I could only take for so long. Why do I keep going back to her? I think it’s that bloody girl in the laundrette again! That was one of the things Lauren couldn’t stick about me…the fact I once confessed in a drunken state that I like seeing woman when they are desperate to urinate. Oh God do I ever regret that one!

It was the worst confession I ever made but seeing that beauty on Wednesday, watching how she wriggled on that plastic seat, how her legs danced and bounced and squirmed and hearing her say she was ‘going to have an accident’ Fucking hell just thinking about it has me rock hard…again.

I’ve been wondering what it felt like for her? That pressure, embarrassment, desperation, urgency? Did she like the feeling of her knickers being wet? Was the warmth and wetness hot? I can’t help wondering. I think when I go my walk tonight I’ll fill my bladder before I go and see how it feels for me while I fantasise about her…yet again.

At least if the worst happens the washing machine comes tomorrow. At bloody last!

*006*2021-07-22 08:10

Chapter 5

Megan

I’ve made it home though one of the boys is in having his bath and I have to sit in my room on the bottom bunk and wait to get into the bathroom. To be honest I am starting to think the worst might happen again and after Wednesday I’ve even picked up one of the towels hanging on the banister and put it on top of the duvet under my bum. Squeezing my muscles, wriggling around and fanning my legs in and out just keeps sending my mind racing all over again.

Of course Wednesday wasn’t the first time I’d really had to pee…as I said I have 8 siblings plus my mam and dad, though to be fair there’s rarely all of us home at once and by the time the boys came along, and then little Yasmin, our Shaun had already married and moved out and Aisling had her own wee rented place down the road. I remember helping her move and dad building all that flat pack stuff after work. We’ve always lived here and it’s only got one bathroom, like every house in this street. So you have to develop good bladder control in the Murphy house for sure! I envied Aisling having her own bathroom in her flat when she moved. I always dreamt of having that when I was about 8 or 9.

Then there were times at primary school. St Christopher’s primary was still one of those old Victorian buildings with these ancient freezing loos that all the kids hated. I always wondered if the teachers had really posh lovely warm loos and used to sit in class swinging my legs trying to hold on wishing I could go explore the staff area and maybe sneak into their toilets. Of course I never did but the amount of lessons as a kid that I sat there struggling to do my maths workbook or write about the solar system because my bladder was full to bursting and I was trying to wait until I got back here to go was crazy. Stupid really because of course my siblings did the same and it was an inevitable race to see who would get to pee first. There was always a few of us doing the pee pee dance at 3:45 in this house on a school day. I can’t believe at 22 I am sat here just like I used to be after school.

Oh come on boys! I’m absolutely bursting here! They shouldn’t be long though. Mam never let’s any of us bath for long thankfully. ‘Functional and practical washing’ is how she calls it. It might have been because she needed in come to think of it, but funny enough you never really think about your parents needing to pee as a kid. Weird that.

Oh that goodness Theresa is downstairs so I am alone. Dad never allows us to go to chapel in trousers so I’ve got one of my many pleated maxi skirts on and my fist is scrunched up pressing in between my legs as I sit here desperate to get access to the bathroom. It’s most unladylike but then again since Wednesday I haven’t been at all ladylike, even though that’s so out of character for me.

I hate anyone seeing me when I really need to go and I detest even more having to admit it. It’s not what a good Catholic girl like me should be discussing or showing is it? I remember well the absolute shame in geography at high school one afternoon when I was sitting right on the edge of my chair with my muscles clenched for dear life counting the minutes to the end of the lesson and Mr Grieves saying right from the front of the class ‘Megan Murphy I think you had better leave my class for a moment and use the toilet don’t you?’ I had been bursting all through his class but trying not to show it. Oh God even thinking of that makes me want to throw up. I think it scarred me for life if I’m honest.

But I never ever have accidents. At least I didn’t until a few days ago. Now sitting her wriggling for dear life, squirming on this bottom bunk with a rock hard bladder and aching to pee all I can think about is the high I felt when it happened. The shiver I felt run up my back, the ecstasy of releasing and the warm wetness in my crotch. Shutting my eyes, my palm flat and rubbing the crotch of my knickers as I sit here fidgeting, I could easily relive that moment right now.

But I daren’t. Not on my own bed, not when I will have to take my wet skirt and pants to the washing machine downstairs that dad’s just fixed today and panic one of the others sees, not when mam will be wondering why this towel under me is smelling of urine and all wet. With my eyes closed, stroking and pressing and rubbing through my cotton knickers I can feel myself tensing, shaking, breathing faster and heavier….I kick the door closed and allow myself to masterbate just to keep the urine at bay….

*007*2021-07-23 23:48

Chapter 6:

Liam

Well my walk didn’t go as planned at all.

I had a coffee about 4 o’clock then I had a large class of tap water with my frozen pizza at 5:30ish and I filled a bottle of water to take on my walk too. That should have been enough but even though I did need to go before I left somehow the motion of walking and nosying around the area distracted my body and my brain was totally unaware I even possessed a bladder let alone that it was full. I was out an hour and a half (yes I got a bit lost…again!) and when I came in I filled the kettle and made a coffee and STILL my bladder wasn’t sending any signals.

In fact I watched the news for a bit and then got up to wash the dishes and it seriously wasn’t until then that my bladder shouted ‘hey are you gonna fucking empty me or will I just explode right here?’. It was definitely one of those urgent ‘run or else’ type ones and my dangler was squirting the millisecond he was out of my boxers. I’m not gonna lie; it was a fucking awesome piss and all that but I definitely didn’t feel that desperation, that fidgety-squirming-trying-to-hold-it-back way that nameless Irish girl had. Maybe men don’t get that? Who knows.

I lay in bed that night thinking about her again. I’m crap at sleeping, always have been since as long as I can remember. I have vague memories of mum shouting at me and going off her nut because I was messing about in my room playing instead of sleeping. Aunt Ella was more patient. Kindness personified that woman. I should phone her tomorrow and see how she is. She’s probably worried about me. More than can be said about my own mum that’s for sure. God only knows where she is or who she’s hooked up with now. I wonder if she even remembers she has a son? I’ve not heard from the ‘almost in-laws from hell’ today either for once. It’s obviously where Lauren got her controlling nature from!

Shit it’s already 2am and I have the washing machine coming between 8 and 12 tomorrow and then I’ve got work. I know I shouldn’t but I turn my tablet on and google ‘woman desperate to pee’. Old habits and all that. Maybe a good wank will help me sleep? I easily find some old favourite videos but despite some familiar tingling in my crotch I don’t get that rock hard horny as hell mist I used to get back in England. Having finally seen someone in the flesh, a real young lady in a genuine situation squirming right in front of me, so much of the videos I used to love feel fake now. I turn off the tablet and close my eyes to replay the real thing but this time adding in some twists.

In my mind this time she calls my name, begging me to help her hold on, asking to sit on my knee while she squirms, pulling my hand between her legs as she twists and turns and moans in urgency. Oh fuck am I hard as nails now. I stroke myself and rub my thumb over the top of my moist dick then rub harder and faster as in my mind she slides my hand into her leggings and knickers and I feel the throbbing of her urethra and the hardness and wetness of her clit and open pussy.

Now that mist has overtaken me for sure and I’m edging closer and closer to exploding. She whispers in my ear that she’s going to have an accident and I quickly pull off my shirt and lie on the launderette floor as she hovers over me, crouching down with her leggings and knickers at her knees as she lets loose an amazing, strong, powerful torrent of warm urine all over my bare hairy chest. I rub it in, realising as I open my eyes that it’s my own cum, and lots of it, as my head spins with a combination of exhaustion and sexual satisfaction.

I need to get her out my head. It’s almost a week now.

I’ll try tomorrow and not think about her. For now I need a quick wash up and some sleep.

See mum I do sleep…sometimes.

*008*2021-07-24 08:07

* this will be continued in about 2 weeks time. *

*014*2021-08-01 16:22

Chapter 7: (apologies for delay. I had no WiFi and now my son is in hospital)

(note this chapter has no direct omo but helps build up the characterisation for later)

Megan

I sit in Sunday mass on autopilot. I could do all this in my sleep but the familiar rituals bring comfort this morning as my mouth recites the same prayers I have learnt by rote since I was tiny. Even with some of the family grown up and married and the twins at university we still take up the full pew.

Mum and dad slid in first, mam holding Yasmin tight. Then there’s Theresa who never works a Sunday because dad has told us all working on the day of rest is a sin. Apparently only emergency services and ‘key workers’ are exempt, he says, and even though she works in a nursing home he doesn’t deem that essential. I don’t dare ask who he expects to care for him one day if he or mam ever have to move into a home. You don’t question dad on religion. It’s not pretty.

Next to Theresa is our Anthony who looks suddenly so much older in his Sunday best clothes. He’s 12 and being the current oldest boy at home has really made him grow up I think. I hadn’t realised how much of a growth spurt he’d had until I see him sitting next to Theresa. He must be almost her height now. Then next to me is Rory, who at 9 already knows when to sit, stand, kneel and he’s almost mastered the full rosary.

I remember the day he was born, for the weirdest of reasons. I was 13 and had came home from high school feeling ill and mam was pacing the floor in labour. Ever since I was born she’s hated hospitals and so the youngest three were all home births. I went to the bathroom and found I was bleeding and I started screaming. (Periods were never spoke about in our house so how was I meant to know it was just that for the first time?) Dad came rushing to see if I was ok even though mam was screaming that her contractions were less than two minutes apart next door. My poor dad didn’t know which woman to give his attention too!

Anyway he told me to call the doctor as ‘mam was busy’ so I did just that. I told the doctor it was an emergency as I couldn’t stop the bleeding and he could hear mam screaming. So the next thing we knew the GP turned up just as the midwife did and there was this huge commotion all while I was doubled up crying in pain with cramps and in the end I was sent to my room while Rory was born and it wasn’t until Theresa came home that she told me what was wrong with me and showed me what to do.

I thought mam would stop at Rory. I mean she’d been having kids for almost a quarter of century by then and it was like living in a sardine tin at ours.

At least she didn’t get ill like she did after me.

Shaun and Aisling had been easy pregnancies and they had seemed like twins with them being less than a year apart. Then when Aisling was just 2 mam really did have twins! Four under 4 must have been tough, especially as dad was always working, but Shaun told me how he remembers neighbours and relatives helping mam and others walking him to school to save mam dragging the little ones. The twins were just over 2 and Aisling was about to start school when Theresa came along. With two older ones at school, and the twins playing with each other, apparently mam managed well on her own as long as people helped getting the two oldest to and from school.

I think mam and dad were happy with 5. I ruined it for them.

From the moment mam fell pregnant with me she was ill apparently. Doesn’t exactly make a girl feel loved or wanted but there you go. Theresa was so excited though. I think she felt left out with the older two at school and the twins having each other. Mam was sick for the full pregnancy though and that meant things were chaos at home even before I made an appearance. Shaun reckons that’s what made dad even more religious. Then a scan showed I had an ‘abnormality’ and mam got so anxious. She had 5 under 7 and was about to add a sixth so ‘special needs’ wasn’t exactly what she wanted I guess. Dad went to mass every night for a month and miraculously I was born fine, except mam had a 35 hour labour and was made to have her first and only c-section hence why she refused to have anything more to do with hospitals after me.

Then I was a colic baby and that made everything worse.

Post natal depression apparently. Weird how I was the only one to give her that. Father Reilly says I can’t take the blame and that every child is a gift but I’m not sure mam agrees. What’s even stranger is that Yasmin has Downs and yet everyone, and I mean everyone, dotes on her.

Families are strange aren’t they.

I’m brought back to reality with the ever familiar words ‘Ite, missa est’.

Chapel is dismissed.

Father Reilly shakes my hand as we leave and smiles at me. He knows I’ll be back tomorrow like I always am.

He probably knows I have something to confess and he’s wondering when I will finally get round to telling him.

Maybe tomorrow.

*015*2021-08-02 09:21

Chapter 8:

Liam

Of course Argos wait to the very last few minute of the delivery time slot to arrive. Typical. The kitchen looks strange with a new appliance but I don’t have time to work out how to use it because I can’t be late for work. It’s only my second shift and since I didn’t even have an interview I feel even more obliged to impress.

Aunt Ella would say it was ‘God showing me he cares about me’ or words to that affect. She was quite the one for church but thankfully she didn’t drag me along very often. She said she didn’t want people to question her about where my mum was but I think she also felt awkward that mum had never taken me so I didn’t know what they were even talking about. It definitely wasn’t my thing but I did love getting to be left home every Sunday morning. It sort of made me feel grown up and responsible I guess. And I loved that Aunt Ella actually trusted me.

It was definitely the strangest way I have even got a job that’s for sure. I was just exploring the sea front earlier in the week when I took a moment to sit on a bench and take in the beauty of the coast . I saw this lad litter picking right nearby and I felt compelled to compliment him. I’m not some cheesy creep or gay or anything but I think a little of Aunt Ella’s nice nature rubs off on me every so often. Plus he was being very thorough.

All I said was ‘You’re doing a grand job there mate.’ He replied with a ‘thanks’ and I asked if he had much longer on his shift. He sighed saying he was on overtime as they were so short staffed but that no-one saw the value in picking up other people’s rubbish these days. I cheekily said something back about how it depends how desperate you are for money and right now I’d happily pick up litter if it meant I could stay in Bangor a bit longer. For some reason that made him laugh but then he turned right at me and said they had a promotion on where if he put someone’s name forward and they got the job he’d get £50. I know to people like Lauren that’s pocket money but I guess this guy really wanted it as he took my name and mobile number and said he’d put my name forward.

The next morning at exactly 9:17am I got a call and after just ten minutes on the phone they said I could start that afternoon and see how I got on. ‘Little picker’ mmm…I think I’ll put that on my CV as ‘community enhancement personnel’ or maybe I’ll just say I worked for the local authority. That doesn’t make it sound so bad does it? Gareth will laugh when I tell him and Aunt Ella, bless her, she’ll just say how proud she is of me but she hopes I come back to England next week.

I don’t have time for lunch now so I just fill a glass with juice and make do with that. I should have enough change to get something cheap to eat in my break, hopefully. It was quite warm on my first shift and the minibus that dropped us off actually came back with bottled water for us which was gratefully received.

No point dressing smartly. Jeans and a t-shirt it will need to be again.

Turns out I’m down at the sea front on beach duty this afternoon with Aidan, my new ‘mate’ who is eager I stay on the payroll until his bonus comes through. Little does he know that if I want to stay in the flat more than this first month I need the job more than he needs that bonus.

He actually seems a decent guy. We had quite a laugh picking up crisp packets, cigarette packets trampled into the damp sand and enough sweet and chocolate wrappers to decorate my new living room. He was telling me about the strangest things he’s ever picked up, including used condoms under benches, helium balloons saying things like ‘fly high dad’ (he said he felt like he was putting a dead person in his bin bag and dragged it like it had a dead body in which had us both in stitches), nail clippings by walls (sorry but who sits on a wall at the sea front and thinks ‘I know isn’t this just the best place to clip my toe nails?’), and then as we moved to some rocks he told me about the one time he picked up a pair of woman’s soaking wet knickers left on a rock. I stopped laughing long enough at that point to say something stupid about how I assume they had got wet in the sea and that’s when Aidan looked at me again and laughed even harder.

‘That’s what she probably wants you to think mate. Nah. My bet was she fell victim to the fact they closed the public toilets years ago and she pissed herself on the beach and just went home with no knickers rather than wet ones.’

Jesus Christ I hope my erection isn’t obvious in my jeans! What a thought.

These Irish girls are definitely something else.

*016*2021-08-02 22:51

Chapter 9:

Megan

I had plans for today but nothing is going the way I wanted at all!

First mam is in one of her moods. Dad’s out at work, Theresa has taken the car because it was pissing with rain when she left (I heard her shout up at 6:30am if it was ok but when no-one replied she must have just taken the keys anyway because I heard the car drive away). The boys are both in school and as I’m drying my hair after my shower mam walks in handing me Yasmin who clearly needs her nappy changed. I wrap my hair in a towel, sort Yasmin, then sit her on the bed while I dry my hair. I put on another elasticated maxi skirt, flesh tights and a plain top and take Yasmin downstairs again. Mam’s hoovering and, as is normal for Yasmin, she starts crying at the top of her lungs. So much for household noise settling babies! Then again Yasmin doesn’t go for this ‘following the norms’ stuff so I suppose this shouldn’t come as a surprise to me. I carry her to the kitchen hoping mam stops soon before my ears explode.

I hate hearing Yasmin cry. The boys never really bothered me as much. I don’t really know why but this is breaking my heart. If I had the know how and money I’d invent and manufacture a silent vacuum clearer right this very second! One thing Yasmin does love though is the sling and thankfully it’s hanging over one of the chairs in the kitchen so I strap her into that, facing her towards me, and pace the kitchen with her until mam stops. I can tell mam is in a mood by the way she’s bumping the hoover into everything and, of course, her language. Who knew Catholics knew so many colourful words? Mam keeps them for when dad’s out (mostly) but she definitely doesn’t hide them from me.

It’s absolutely NOT what I wanted to do today but as soon as the vacuum stops I walk into the main room and volunteer to take Yasmin out for a bit. I know her speech might be delayed, along with so many other aspects of her development, but I don’t want her repeating the words mam is saying this morning at ANY time in her life. Mam bellows at me to ‘Do what the fuck you like Megan…like everyone else around here does’ so I bump up the stairs with Yasmin attached to my chest and pick up a few things. Hopefully the rain stays off as I can’t find my umbrella anywhere. No doubt someone has ‘borrowed’ it, like everything else around here. I should do a precautionary pee before I leave but with a 15 month old strapped in front of me it’s too much hassle.

I walk Yasmin to the chapel thinking she might fall asleep so I can say some prayers or maybe make that confession that’s eating into me like poison. I crave the solace and oasis of the sanctuary there but like everything else today it isn’t to be. Parked right outside is a hearse! That’s that out today then.

I turn and head towards the sea front instead, already feeling like crying. Yasmin is still awake, but happy, and snuggling her head into my chest, so at least one of us is content I guess. I’m not used to this carrying babies lark though and my back is starting to ache with the weight of the carrier and the baby so I take a side street and look for a cafe. I only hope I have enough money in my purse. Benefit money is utter crap.

By the time I reach an open cafe Yasmin is asleep, which is a blessing as I only have enough money for a mug of tea for me anyway. I make it last much longer than it should because it’s spitting with rain outside and of course I don’t have an umbrella and Yasmin isn’t even wearing a coat. I’m just glad Yasmin is way too young to remember how crap a sister I really am. I know I am sitting awkward but Yasmin’s feet are either side of my hips and the weight of her body is resting on my chest. I actually need a wee but I can’t reach my skirt properly to pull it up with this baby sling on so I’ll just wait until I get back home again. Once the rain goes off that is.

By the time I leave it’s getting well after noon and since Yasmin will wake hungry I make my way back home in the drizzle using my hands and arms to shelter her little head from the weather as best I can, though thankfully the sling helps too. Hopefully mam is in a better mood when we get back so I can maybe actually do something I want with the rest of my day.

The rain stops as I get closer to home and I’m looking forward to putting Yasmin down, using the bathroom and getting something to eat (I can’t actually remember if I had breakfast?) in that order. As I open the front door I smell sausages. I walk through to the kitchen where mam is standing cooking with the radio on as she sings along loudly. The noise wakes Yasmin, as I expected, so I undo the sling and put her in her high chair. She whines and cries a bit but I really need to run up to the bathroom and pee so I am hoping she’ll settle as soon as mam gives her food.

I am just heading out the kitchen when mam turns and speaks to me.

‘Where’d you take her?’

‘Just a walk to the sea front and back. I’ll be back in a minute. I just need something upstairs.’

‘If you’re heading to the bathroom you won’t get in. Aisling’s up there.’

‘Aisling? What’s she doing here?’

‘Oh she came over to see me. She’s got news to share with us all but I don’t want to take away her surprise. I made her some tea and biscuits and she had a bit of an accident.’

‘An accident?’

‘Oh she was just a bit sick so I said she could go get a shower or bath then borrow something to wear from you or Therese. You don’t mind do you? You should have seen the state of her dress Megan. Poor thing. You can’t help it in the beginning though, I should know.’

I guess I’m about to be an auntie sometime soon. I’ve had plenty practice with babies and kids I guess but now I’m pissed off not just at Aisling about to steal some of my clothes (‘borrow’ in this place is akin to a complete disappearing act) without my permission but the fact I just wanna pee and everything is stopping it happening.

At least mam seems in a better mood I suppose.

*017*2021-08-03 08:20

Chapter 10:

Liam

I can’t stop thinking about those wet knickers Aidan mentioned even while standing in the queue at Subway. I’ve just enough cash on me for the sub of the day deal with a drink without having to use my credit card thankfully. I’m using that too much as it is. The young lady in front of me has long brown hair and that makes me wonder if she could be the girl from the laundrette. I still can’t believe I never even got that girl’s name! But I guess that would have seemed creepy since she was a fair bit younger than me and I might not have even fancied her if it wasn’t for those ‘can’t sit still’ legs, the sexy way she squirmed and her hot as hell pee dancing.

I wonder where she is right now? Does she live around here? I so want to bump into her again.

‘Sub of the day and a sprite please.’

Aidan takes me down a lane to some flats built in a square with some benches in their communal garden. He clearly knows his way round here well.

‘I tend to sneak in here to eat cos we ain’t meant to really sit down and if someone reports you you get three strikes then out.’

‘What? People actually report litter pickers for sitting down having a much needed rest?’

‘Sadly true. Some idiots take the piss too deliberately making mess right in front of you then making you clean it up.”

‘Wankers’, I mutter as I bite into my toasted 6 inch sub and open my can. Sipping my fridge cold Sprite I shift on the bench a little to get more comfortable. My last shift was just a trial at 4 hours so I neither had a break nor thought to ask what we do when nature calls. Today I’ve only been working less than a couple of hours and already I need a piss. Once we’ve finished lunch I’ll hint and see what he says. I could really do with a fag too.

‘So how you liking Bangor so far Liam? You reckon you could settle here?’

‘Well I’ve only been here a week so far but from what I’ve seen and heard so far I reckon I could settle here. How about you? You always lived here?’

Aidan, unsurprisingly given his knowledge of the streets here, grew up here, went to school here and has been with the council a couple of years now. After a quick guide to the nightlife that I have very little real interest in, he squashes both our empty cans flat and crumbles our food wrappers tossing it all into our bin bags we carry everywhere as part of our work. As we stand up to get back to work I bravely ask my first burning question:

‘Hey, would it be ok if I have a quick smoke before we restart?’

‘I don’t see why not. We can get down to the front in minutes through Broker Lane and work our way back to the pick up point slowly. They won’t see you here so best doing it now and not where the van might pass us. As long as you ain’t long that is.’

I light a ciggie and lean on the wall of the lane. I make a real effort to stand still and act casual but my bladder is heavy and constantly reminding me I should piss soon. I glance at my watch between puffs and raise my eyebrows in annoyance as I realise we still have almost four hours on shift yet.

There has to be a gents somewhere I can use? Or a lane quieter than this I can whizz in? I’ll need to raise the subject pretty soon that’s for sure. That’s if Aidan doesn’t notice my moving from foot to foot and tapping the heel of my trainers off the wall and guess why I can’t stand still. There ain’t no way I can get to the end of this shift without pissing. Not a chance.

*018*2021-08-03 22:42

Chapter 11:

Megan

I might be bursting for the loo but I’m hungry too so I sit at the dining table and wait patiently for Aisling to come down while I bite readily into the sausage sandwich mam has just put in front of me. I watch as mam multitasks biting her own sandwich while warming some food for Yasmin who is watching me and trying to reach for my food. For all mam and I struggle at times I admire her so much. To have raised 9 kids, two of whom are married, two at university, two working full time and two at primary school is quite something and none of us ever missed a meal, went to bed cold, had no clothes to wear or even got expelled from school even in the depths of her post natal depression after having me. Crossing my legs I talk loudly over the radio to ask if I upset her this morning but in a way mam doesn’t think I’m criticising her (hopefully).

‘The lounge looks spotless mam. Is someone coming?’

‘Are you saying I only clean if someone’s coming? Well I had no idea our Aisling was coming over but actually the health visitor said she might pop by this afternoon and see how Yasmin is doing. I don’t want her thinking we live like tramps or anything and I wanted to put some of that carpet freshener stuff down but we had none left so I was going to buy some but Theresa must have taken the car again. I wish she wouldn’t do that you know.’

Now that explains her mood earlier!

‘She did shout up mam and it was pissing down hard when she left. I could hear it hammering on the window.’

‘She needs to bloody well get her own car that girl! What is she now? 24? I’d had five of you by that age AND your dad and I had our own motor. She doesn’t know she’s born that girl. By the way make yourself scarce this afternoon Meg will you. I don’t want that bloody health visitor meddling asking you questions about me behind my back. Besides she thinks all you lot have jobs or are married apart from the boys and Yasmin.’

‘What time is she coming? And mam…do you think I should check on Aisling? She’s been up there ages.’

God do I need the bathroom so badly and the glass of milk mam poured for me feels like it’s already torturing my bladder even more. I can’t help wriggling and putting a hand between my tightly crossed legs when mam is busy feeding Yasmin and her back is turned. If I need to get out the house again (why do I feel I am not wanted here?) then I absolutely MUST pee first. My bladder feels like an elephant is thumping it’s heavy hooves inside me and my vagina feels like it’s a down pipe blocked with a thin leaf and the pressure of water resting on it will cause the leave to move any second and water will gush everywhere. It’s taking all my concentration to squeeze every muscle closed tight and keep it that way.

I stand up and head out the kitchen towards the stairs to see if Aisling is out the bathroom yet, but just as I get towards the front door the door bell rings. Mam is singing to whatever is on the radio again so I answer the door and have to keep holding my bladder just a little bit longer.

It’s the health visitor, at least the lanyard from the NHS around her neck makes me assume it’s her. Mam will kill me if I leave her standing and race upstairs to the toilet so despite my throbbing bladder I walk back to the kitchen, switch off the radio to get mam’s attention and tell her the health visitor has arrived. She wipes Yasmin’s face quickly, picks her up out the high chair and carries her behind me down the hall towards the front door.

I’m so desperate for the loo I start heading upstairs when mam calls me again.

‘Hi Mrs Thornlea. I don’t think you’ve met our Megan have you?’

Shit, the older woman has her hand out to shake mine meaning I need to climb down a step to quickly shake her hand. As I do so mam continues…

‘There’s no need to hide away upstairs Megan. Look it’s almost 2pm. You’d best be leaving for work before you’re late. She sets such a great example to the younger ones does our Megan. Absolute treasure she is, like all my kids are. Come on in, Don’t worry about the door. Megan will close that on her way to work won’t you Megan? Have a good shift honey. See you later.’

As I said today is NOT going how I planned at all.

I stand with my back against my own front door, still no umbrella and nothing more than a cardigan over a cotton top, my maxi skirt and my thin flesh coloured nylon tights and my trusty flat black plimsoles. Oh and my rock hard desperately full bladder.

*021*2021-08-11 17:09

Apologies for long delay due to being in hospital with my son.

Chapter 12

Liam

I finish my ciggie and we head back to our route picking up litter as we go. I’m not as chatty as I was but thankfully Aidan isn’t either as he’s more focussed on the job. My bin bag is full so I tie it as instructed and check it’s ok to leave it sitting at the fence and start another. We can only leave bags in set places but having not done this route yet I don’t know where these are. Liam has the company phone so he’s texts to say how many bags and the location for the van and we carry on silently.

I don’t know what’s on Liam’s mind but mine is consumed by the fact my bladder is very full and my dick is tingling and I long to squeeze it. Now we are back on the sea front and beach area it’s way too public to piss outside anywhere and I am really going to have to pluck up the courage and ask what we do in this situation. The noise of the waves only succeed to increase my need. I use my picker to get some stray wrappers of something from between some grass and squeeze my thighs together tightly as I do so. Liam’s a few paces ahead so I bite my lip, speed up a bit and try to get his attention.

‘So how far along are we meant to walk? Is there like mapped off areas for each group of pickers I assume?’

‘Yeah. See that wind flag there? That’s our marker, but then we walk back on the beach and that takes longer as you find litter all over the stones, shells and sand. Just watch your feet when we get down there as it’s uneven and the rocks and seaweed are very slippery in places. At least it’s quieter down here today with it raining so much earlier this morning. In summer you can fill 8 or 9 bags just at this bit of beach alone with holiday makers.’

I glance over the low wall down to the vast beach area below, tapping my foot on the ground below as another bladder spasms consumes me. I scan all around to see if there’s any hidden area I can stand and piss but it’s all open, exposed and visible to anyone walking past. I can’t risk it but neither can I hold on for another few hours. Every minute is getting harder so I stop and look over the wall trying to hide the fact I have a hand inside my jeans pocket grabbing my anatomy. The very thing that got me this job, Aidan’s efficiency, is now causing me huge stress. He’s so consumed with finding every single millimetre of rubbish he’s not even noticed me stopping. Trying to overcome my embarrassment I shout him over.

‘Aidan mate can I ask you something?’

‘Sure.’

I can’t move my hand from where I am holding myself. Neither can I stop my legs bouncing, shaking and moving. Liam thankfully, sees I am not getting nearer him so he saunters over towards me.

‘Everything ok?’

I look around to make sure no-one is too close then ask as casually as I can,

‘What do we do if, you know, we need to ummm, errr the call of nature arises while we are on shift?’

‘You need a shit?’

‘A piss. Have done for ages mate.’

‘You’ve a lot to learn Liam. Wait until you’re on shift doing the hard shoulder of the A2 or the country parks and you’ve got nowhere to go. The high streets the best shift for comfort breaks cos there’s Tesco and pubs in the afternoon and that.’

I’m near publicly pissing myself while he rattles on. I don’t want to snap at him or anything but fuck I’m so desperate I can hardly stand up straight and my hand is clinging to my dick for dear life through my pocket while he carries on talking.

‘So this route took a bit of working out for me finding somewhere to sit and eat and that but I have found one place to piss if it’s really urgent?’

I want to speak but find all I can do is nod at this point.

‘Ok. But we’ll need to get back here quick as we’re already a little behind. You ok with that?’

I nod again.

He starts walking so I follow him as fast as I can praying wherever we’re going isn’t far because the pressure is intense and I’m terrified that what happened to that laundrette girl is about to happen to me. Jesus, if she was anything as desperate as I am it’s no wonder she had that accident. Now I have some idea how she might have been feeling and what she was thinking.

I have no idea where Liam is taking me but he’s the only thing coming between me and soaking wet jeans right now.

*023*2021-08-12 08:43

{{8 hours ago, LilMiss said:

Sorry to hear about your son. I hope writing at least gives you some escape from the stress. It's wonderful writing, too, as always.

}}

Thank you. He’s been very sick but thankfully improving.

Chapter 13:

Megan

I would run but that would seal my fate right away. If I return home with peed in clothes and the health visitor sees mam will never forgive me. If I return later with peed in clothes the boys will be home from school and that would be beyond embarrassing too. There’s no privacy at home and Theresa will be home soon so I won’t even have the bedroom to myself to get changed.

I can’t have another accident. I just can’t.

I look up the street one way. There’s a big Tesco that direction but it’s a long walk and then I need to navigate through their huge car park and into the store to get to the bathrooms. Straight ahead leads pretty much only to my old primary school and they won’t let me in without an appointment. I head the other way, walking as briskly as my full bladder will allow, every step causing my body to scream for release, my mind spinning with thoughts of pulling my skirt up and tights and knickers down in a lane or behind a house…or anywhere!

It’s going to be close wether I make it or not.

I have one place in mind. I am sure they have a toilet though from memory in years gone by it’s just a single cubicle for use by anyone. It’s my only chance though. I pray the layout hasn’t changed since I went with school years ago as I march along the street of council houses hoping I don’t see anyone I know. It’s a drizzly afternoon, though not currently raining thank goodness, so the only people I see on my short walk is an older gent walking a small dog, a BT Openreach engineer working at a green box, and just before I reach the library, two council workers with their bright yellow luminous safety vests appear from down the sea front area. I notice they have those big litter pickers with them and bin bags so it’s easy to see why they are out on such a damp day. Not a job I’d want but then I somehow still get a pang of jealousy that they have a wage coming in and I don’t.

But I am single focussed on one thing and one thing only: getting to the toilet in the library urgently. My stomach hurts now with the effort of holding for so long and I’m tired, both emotionally and physically. The building is in sight finally, an old Victorian building that gives the appearance of an old school. It probably was exactly that as it has the interior design of one too.

There’s an office bit as you go in, which I assume is now a small staff area, then there’s one room for all the main adult books to the right and another room opposite filled with all the kids and teens books. Incredibly they still had DVD’s for loan when I was last in, probably with one of the younger boys a few years ago, and that’s when I realised there was still a public toilet, just one cubicle, just after the door to the room with all the children’s books. They probably cut an area of the room away to make it as I’m pretty sure if it was a school many years ago it would have had an outside toilet instead.

I’m almost there. Surprisingly the two council workers seem to be heading in the same direction. Maybe they are due to get picked up outside the building or something? I cross the road quickly, feeling little drips now leaking into my knickers as the damn is about to burst.

Please don’t let anyone be in this toilet. Please God don’t let it be locked! I can feel my muscles weakening and struggling; my face is tight, my mouth locked in tension, my urethra thumping between my legs, unseen but demanding my attention. My whole body is sweating and I can feel my cheeks flushed.

The old heavy front door is wedged open as I waddle in and straight ahead, my eyes watering as I see the sign in her distance stuck to the door that tells me it’s a toilet. It feels like I’m about to win the lottery, have a tooth removed that’s been agony for days, or get to have a drink after being out in the hot sun all day.

The anticipation is almost too much and despite the public place I push a hand between my legs as I pull the handle down on the door, conscious there’s someone, or even more than one person, behind me but unable to stop myself.

I’m leaking. It’s all about to burst out any second. I pass the sink, the pull down baby change table and push open the door to the only stall, hearing a door open behind me as my head spins with adrenalin and my heart pounds.

There’s no time to check if the bowl is clean, or if I’ve locked the door properly as I pull my tights and knickers down speedily and hunch my long flowing skirt up as the coldness of the seat sends shivers through my body.

And relax….

