Couldn't Wait

Author: ravenheart30

*000*2014-07-04 17:24

Warning: this story involves two guys. There is a kissing scene involving two guys as well.

‘Gonna be hot tonight. Start drinking now,’ he typed into his page. The fan in the room sent a chill down his spine.

‘Ready 4 2night,’ read the text he got from his band mate Jack. Which made Luke smile and blush a little. He had a bit of a crush on the bass player.

He tweeted back, ‘yes’

He took a drink of tea that he had made a few moments before. It was a half hour before he had to be at sound check. He looked over his lyrics sheets during the next few moments then grabbed his costume and left, but not before grabbing a bottle of water. He had finished his cup of tea and put the tea cup on the counter. The car was hotter than the temperature when he got in. The air was hazy on the pavement as he drove on the freeway. He put the air conditioning on. It felt nice on his warm body.

Sound check went great. Emily was using a pretty paper fan that had a butterfly design on it. The rest of the guys each had water bottles. Luke was admiring Jack as he played the bass. He had taken a break and wiped his face with a cool cloth. He picked up the little spray fan and handed it to Luke who used it on himself and Emily.

“Thanks sweetie,” she said.

Luke’s hair was a bit sweaty by now once sound check was finished. The water bottle he had was also finished. They spent the next few hours in their dressing rooms just hanging out. They got a warning from the stage crew that it was twenty minutes to show time. Luke figured it be best now to use the bathroom before he had to head up on stage. He left the dressing room to go to the nearby restroom but the line for the guys was ten people. The people that also performed that evening were in line.

‘Shit ok… there’s another one’

He checked another nearby restroom which was also busy. A few stalls had ‘not working‘ signs on them.

He walked by a lemonade stand and saw the lemonade pour into the styrophome cups. Luke closed his eyes. he shouldn’t have drank the two cups of tea plus the water. He ran back to the dressing room.

“What’s the hurry Luke? We still have ten minutes.”

“Ten minutes… uh..”

Jack noticed Luke was kinda pressing his legs together in a ‘gotta go now’ way.

“Did you try the crew bathroom.”

“There’s a line,” said Luke softly. “I only have ten minutes..before….. this is bad.”

Jack felt really bad. He knew he’d do anything for his friend. He was more than a friend though, He thought Luke was adorable. But couldn’t say anything since he knew Luke already had a boyfriend.

“Come with me,” said Jack softly. Luke followed Jack to behind a storage building. Jack looked around and saw no one.

“Ok just go,” Whispered Jack.

“What..here.. I can’t. My outfit would get wet.”

“You have another one in the dressing room. Say you spilled a drink on it,” said Jack with a little smile.

“I can’t.. maybe if I could,” his hands touched his belt to undo it.

“Careful… you don’t want to get in trouble if someone comes by..its less noticeable.. here ill stand in front of you so no one sees.”

“I’m scared… I’m not…supposed to… oh fuck… I can’t,” he said softly. He whimpered a little.

“There’s no other way right now,” said Jack softly. “You only have a few moments till they are gonna start looking for us.”

He heard off in the distance someone say that this was gonna be the last song. He knew he couldn’t make it to the nearby restroom. If he moved… he was gonna wet himself. He was warm from sweat.

He looked up into Jacks eyes, pleading. He looked so nervous. Jack came up to him and gently hugged him, “it's ok… no one will see.” He whispered softly into Lukes ear. He could feel Luke kind of wiggle his hips. His hand went down there to cup himself to try to stop it. Luke suddenly felt Jack kiss his cheek. Just softly and gently.

“Just go. You don’t have much time. I’ll stay right here to block people from seeing..it’s ok.”

Luke relaxed a little and felt a wet little spot on the front of his boxers. From instinct he stopped. Their lips met. Luke felt his body relax against Jacks. That’s when Luke felt warm wetness soak the front of his boxers slowly. At first… then a little drip went down his leg. Jack hugged him and Luke rested his head against Jack’s shoulder. His body trembling nervously as he went. He felt really embarrassed after he was done. His face warm from blushing.

“Oh my god…I… couldn’t stop it.”

“It’s ok… let’s get you cleaned up. Here. Use your coat.”

Jack stood close in front of him while Luke removed his coat. He tied it around his waist so the long part was in the front. Jack walked close behind him. Luke snuck into his dressing room and locked the door. He had just enough time to remove the wet pants and put them in the sink and started to run some water on it. he removed his boxers and decided he had to go without that night. He put on new pants and went back to the stage just in time.

*002*2014-07-05 12:39

Thank you for reading it. glad you enjoyed it.

*004*2014-07-06 15:08

Thank you :D i love writing!

*007*2014-07-19 15:48

Aw thank you for reading!! i have other stories too on this site.

*009*2014-07-22 19:08

I'm okay with tasting a little bit of it... but..eh not too into drinking but like you said some people are into it.

