Pokemon the Next Generation

Author: Raisuga

*000*2013-12-08 20:46

This is a story that takes places 35 years after the start of Ash's and Gary's journey. It's a bout a young 15 year old named Lucas Ivere who finds an egg at the beach in Pallet Town, and hatches it into an Abra (nicknamed Sai) that knows the move Hidden Power. He will meet new friends, and even old familiar faces, as he pursues his dream of challenging the best Trainers around, including Ash, Gary, Blue, and especially Red himself.

Please note that this story does not contain any Omorashi in its original content, but at the requests of some fans, I CAN slip in an X Chapter here and there that involves some Omorashi if they so please.

Please keep in mind that this story is also listed on the Grand Chase Forums under the name of EzioKasumi. Although it is a different name, it is still me. You can go ahead and comment on that forum if you want proof.

Table of Contents

Chapter One - Preparations

*001*2013-12-08 21:41

Chapter One: Preparations

Pallet Town... A small town of beginnings... Peaceful and full of kind and wonderful people... Many remember Pallet Town for its Pokemon Laboratory ran by Professor Samuel Oak. Well at least it used to be. Today his grandson Gary Oak runs it. Speaking of who, Gary is busily at work in the lab right now! Today was the day that three new Pokemon Trainers would be beginning their journey across Kanto in search of the eight gym badges and to eventually challenge the Pokemon League and become the Kanto Champion!

In the lab, Gary and his assistant were rushing around frantically trying to straighten everything up in time for the new Trainers.

"Hey Rick! Those files go over to the filing cabinet in the Johto Office!" Gary shouted, pointing over to an office on the second floor as he cleared off the table where each month he would set the three starter Pokemon on the table for the new trainer or trainers to choose from: Bulbasaur the leafy Seed Pokemon, Charmander the fiery Lizard Pokemon, and Squirtle the watery Tiny Turtle Pokemon. Rick nodded and grabbed all of the files and ran up the stairs.

As he set the three Pokeballs on the now clean table, he continued to stare at them nostalgically. It was thirty five years ago, on this very day, that he received his very first Pokemon from his grandfather. Tears welled up in his eyes as he remembered how his grandfather smiled at him as he decided who his very first partner would be. Walking away from the table, he moved over to his desk and stared at the portrait of his family. He still had the brown spiky hair, although now he had some grey showing in the front. He had grown a goatee since moving back to Pallet Town. He was also pretty fit; slim yet muscular.

"Oh Gramps... I wish you were here right now..." he said, now staring at the picture of his grandfather on the wall opposite his desk. Sadly, three months ago Professor Samuel Oak passed away while tending to the newly-born Bulbasaur in the grass habitat of his lab. They say that he was found laying down next to them under a tree. it wasn't until the sun was setting when his assistant went over to him to find that he hadn't even moved from that spot. When the assistant went over to check on him, he wasn't breathing...

"Professor! What would you like me to do with the new Pokeball designs?" Rick asked, snapping Gary back into reality. He stared up into his asistant's face which showed a look of concern. "Sir, are you okay?"

Confused, Gary looked at the mirror on the wall next to him to find that he was actually crying. Wiping the tears from his eyes, he patted Rick's shoulder and took the designs from him and put them in a drawer of his desk. "Yeah. I'm okay... I just miss him is all... It won't be the same without him..."

"Yeah... This was always his favorite day of the month... He loved to see the smiles of the new Trainers as he handed them the Pokedex and as they met their partners for the very first time..." Rick said, tears starting to well up in his eyes as he too began to stare at the picture of the Professor.

For a few moments, the both of them stared at the picture in silence, neither saying a word out of respect for the late Professor. It was when a Blastoise gently tapped on the window behind his desk when they snapped to reality. Gary opened the window and rubbed the forehead of his partner and friend of thirty five years.

"Hey pal... You hungry?" Blastoise nodded his head and walked to the back door. Chuckling slightly, Gary walks out back to meet him and together they walk to the apple tree where they both relaxed for a little bit while eating the juicy red apples that Blastoise plucked for the both of them. After three apples for Gary and about twenty for Blastoise, Gary climbed up onto his shell and they both head over to the pond where Blastoise carefully gets in the water, careful not to get Gary wet. For maybe a half an hour, they just gently swim, Blastoise occasionally squirting a weak jet of water out of one of the cannons protruding from his shell to amuse himself, making Gary smile. He knew that Blastoise was getting old, but he continues to hope that maybe he will stick around for a little bit longer. Losing him after just losing his grandfather would be too much for him to handle.

"Alright buddy, take me back to the shore, I need to finish getting everything set up." Gary said, patting Blastoise's shell. After they got to shore, Blastoise continued to follow him up to the lab and watched as he and Rick continued to tidy up. As They finish up, Gary returns to his desk and sits down, staring out the window, waiting for the three young teens who will begin their journey. All of a sudden, he feels a paw brush his leg and he looks down to see his Umbreon staring up at him with those deep red eyes expectantly. Laughing to himself, he pats his leg and allows her to jump into his lap where she curls up and rests her head on his hand. He absentmindedly begins to scratch her behind the ear with his other hand, causing her to purr slightly.

Rick eventually takes a chair next to Gary and sits with him. "The bond you have with your Pokemon is pretty rare... I have never seen an Umbreon that was so affectionate towards their Trainer in all my life!" Gary laughed and looked at Umbreon, who was now sound asleep. "Yeah... She truly is something else... But I'm glad though. When she first evolved into Umbreon, I was worried that she would get a little aggressive like most do... but she seems even sweeter as she was as an Eevee. She definitely is one of a kind... And Blastoise may be powerful and intimidating, but nobody would ever guess how much of a softy he is for little kids... Every day the kids come over just to play with him."

Laughing, Rick nods over towards the back door. "I see what you mean." Gary looks over to see Blastoise laying in the grass near the door as three kids, two boys and a girl, are all scratching the softer part of his shell on his belly.

Gary recognizes them and wakes up Umbreon so he can get up out of the chair. "That must be them. Let's go let them in, shall we?" Gary asks, making Umbreon jump with excitement. Gary opens the door, Umbreon close by his side. "Welcome! Please come in you three." The kids walk past him and into the lab. He was about to shut the door when Blastoise grunted at him. Looking back he noticed another boy scratching the back of Blastoise's ear. He looked to be around the same age of the other three, but he knew he was still too young to start his journey. The boy looked up at Gary hopefully, "Professor... I know that I am still too young to become a Trainer, but can I at least watch as they get their Pokemon?"

Gary just smiled as he looked at the boy. He obviously loved Pokemon with all his might. That much he was certain of. He actually reminded him of Ash and himself when they were just ten years old and starting their own journeys. "Of course you can! Come on in!"

The boy's face just lit right up as he rushed right pass Gary and went inside. Still smiling, he looked at Blastoise and Umbreon, "Well, they won't be able to start their journeys if we stay out here... Let's go inside." Gary said as he walked inside along with Umbreon as Blastoise walked inside using the bigger door on the other side of the lab.

When everyone was inside, The kids next to the table with the Pokeballs on it and Gary staring at them from the other side with Umbreon on the chair next to the table and Blastoise behind him and Rick next to Gary holding the three Pokedexes in his hands.

Gary opens his arms wide, "Welcome to the Pokemon Lab! I'm Professor Oak and I am here to help you get started on your journey into the wonderful world of Pokemon!" Blastoise grunts proudly and Umbreon lets out an excited "UMM!" as Gary recites the famous welcoming speech of his Grandfather.

Table of Contents

*002*2013-12-12 04:04

As he gave his introduction, Gary took the time to observe the four teens.

The younger one who was scratching Blastoise's ear was eagerly staring at the three Pokeballs on the table. He had short black hair spiked forward and at the back of his neck was a slim braid that reached his lower back. His eyes were emerald green and was about five feet one inch. He was wearing an unzipped black jacket with two chest pockets, a white t-shirt underneath, blue jeans, white shoes, and a pair of white fingerless gloves that had a Pokeball design on them.

The tallest boy, at about five feet six inches, was staring at the Professor as if he couldn't wait to hear what he was going to say next. He had short red hair spiked to the back that gave him the appearance that his hair was on fire and deep brown eyes. His wardrobe was rather simple: Green long sleeved shirt, white jeans, brown shoes, and a belt.

The girl next to him, around four feet ten inches, was watching Umbreon's every move, copying Umbreon every time she cocked her head to the side, giggling as she did so. She was wearing a pink sleeveless t-shirt that exposed her lower stomach, matching tight pink shorts that reached about mid thigh, red sneakers and matching red mid-calf length socks, and a red sweater-jacket tied around her waist by the sleeves with the coat part towards the back. Her brown hair flowed smoothly to the middle of her back, held in place by a red hairband that showed off her beautiful blue eyes.

Finally was the boy who was staring at Blastoise, as if his staring could determine how strong Blastoise really was. He stood at about five feet three inches and wore a skin-tight violet t-shirt with a black stripe that ran up the side on both sides and met in a circle around his neck, which then had a black stripe run down the front of his shirt and another line that split at his upper back, moved horizontally away from each other, then straight down again. He had black jeans and black combat boots on, the jeans tucked into the boots, and a chain that looped through one belt loop, allowing the chain to sag on the opposite end. His most outstanding features, however, were his bleach-white hair and his ruby red eyes, which gave him a rather sinister and serious look.

Smiling, Gary begins walking over to the taller boy, "Well then, shall become better acquainted?" He stops in front of him and holds his hand out, which the tall boy grabs and gives him a good shake, "My name's Johnathan Coswell, but everyone calls me Johnny."

Gary nods, "Nice grip, and a strong name! You will be a tough Trainer to beat! I can feel it!" He then releases his grip and walks over to the girl, who was still mimicking Umbreon's head movements. He couldn't help but laugh slightly, "You know, she loves to be pet. Just hold your hand out and let her sniff you first." The girl walks over to Umbreon, who stares at her as she extends a hand for her to smell. Once Umbreon sniffed her hand, she nuzzled her head into her palm and allowed her to pet her. "Impressive! She may not be the most aggressive Umbreon around, but she is still rather cautious to new people... and yet she went right up to you! You have potential." Gary says, kneeling down to pet Umbreon as well.

The girl looks up at him with a smile and says, "Yeah, I don't know what it is about me, but Pokemon always seem to like me. Oh yeah, my name's Rosalind Silverstine, but you can call me Rose."

"A lovely name and personality! Any Pokemon who travel with you will be lucky indeed." Gary says, walking over to the serious looking boy. "And what would your name be, young man?" He offered his hand like he did to Johnny.The boy just looks at him silently. Still, Gary just stood there, hand outstretched in the friendly greeting gesture. Finally Rose gives the boy an evil look, "Geez you are so rude Blaze! It's hard to believe we're related!" The boy looks at her and merely shakes his head, then looks back to Gary and finally returns the gesture and gives him a firm handshake. "Blazani Silverstine... Call me Blaze."

"Well now, that wasn't so bad now was it? Mysterious yet strong willed. I can see that you have a lot of unknown potential. The potential for what, I have no idea, but right or wrong it will be great." Gary said, releasing his grip and walking next to his assistant Rick, placing his hand on his shoulder, "Now then, Rick is going to give you your customized Pokedex and explain its purpose and functions to you. Excuse me for one second please." Gary announces and he walks toward his desk, but stops about halfway and turns to the youngest boy, who was watching him. "Ah yes! I almost forgot! What is your name?"

"My name is Lucas Ivere, but everyone calls me Light since I seem to brighten everyone's mood when I walk in the room." And with that statement, Light gives a big smile, a smile that reminded him of his long-time rival of thirty five years. Gary returned the smile, "I can't wait for the day that I give you your first Pokemon! Speaking of which, how long is it until you turn fifteen?"

"Not long! I turn fifteen in about three months!" Light said, giving Gary a thumbs up.

"I look forward to it! Now then, Rick, they're all yours!" Gary says as he returns to his desk. Rick then proceeds to hand a Pokedex to each of them. "Now, you will notice that the custom designs you ordered have already been applied to your Pokedex since you pre-ordered them in advance." He explains, handing a pink Pokedex with a red rose on the front in full bloom to Rose, a black Pokedex with what appears to be white flames to Blaze, and a blue Pokedex with a river flowing along the bottom of it and a moon oat the top, the river reflecting the moon, to Johnny.

"Now then, each one is empty and has no recorded information of any Pokemon yet. This is because you do not yet own any Pokemon. As you capture Pokemon, their data will be recorded from known characteristics, average size and weight, and Type to the moves it can learn and be taught and abilities. Also. Keep in mind that these Pokedexes are also considered your Trainer Passports. All of your personal data, including Trainer Identification and address, as well as your Passports to travel to different regions, is stored electronically in this device. In short, this little device is your lifeline, your key if you will, to the world of Pokemon. Without them, you cannot receive lodging at the Pokemon Centers, you cannot shop at the Poke Marts, or challenge the Gym Leaders. With this all said, keep them on you at all times!

"Finally, I have taken the liberty of registering all of you into the system before you arrived so you are all set. Now all we have to do is wait for the Professor to finish this up by giving you your Pokemon. Professor, if you have finished, they are ready for you."

Gary, who had just started walking over to them with a clear bag of what appeared to be marbles, and hands each of them five of the marbles, keeping the last one for himself. "Now then, time for your little lesson in Pokeballs. When they are small like this, they are in their Safety Mode. In this mode, they cannot be used and it also prevents a Pokemon from accidentally releasing in case you drop it. To set it to Active Mode, you press the little button twice, like so." Gary pressed the button on his Pokeball twice and it immediately grew to its normal size. "In this mode, the sensors all over it are active and will react when you throw it at a wild Pokemon or, when there's a Pokemon inside it, release the Pokemon when you throw it. Now it will also automatically return to the Trainer with the Pokedex it is registered to once thrown.

"To register a Pokeball, scan them with the Pokedex. You can scan multiple Pokeballs at once. To retrieve a Pokemon, just point it at said Pokemon and it will become digitized and return to the Pokeball. Such an amazing device, wouldn't you agree? Now then, to return them to Safety Mode, just press the button twice again and it will turn back. Any questions?"

When everyone stayed quiet, Gary walked over to the table with the Pokemon. "Now then, the main event... Rose, ladies first."

Rose walks over to the table and Gary points to the Pokeball to her left, "That one is Bulbasaur, the Seed Pokemon. This one" He points to the middle one, "is Charmander, the Lizard Pokemon. Finally we have" he points to the one on her right, "Squirtle the Tiny Turtle Pokemon. Choose wisely, for once you register the Pokeball with you Pokedex, you can't switch."

Rose was already reaching for Bulbasaur before Gary could finish speaking. She takes her Pokedex, and scans the Pokeball using the sensor on the back of the Pokedex, and instantaneously, the Pokedex was updated with Bulbasaur's data.

"A fine choice! Next up is Blaze." Blaze walks up to the table and instantly grabs Charmander's Pokeball, registering it as he walks back to his spot. Gary then gestures for Johnny to take the remaining Pokemon, Squirtle. Now that everyone had their Pokemon, he tosses the Pokeball that he used to demonstrate to the others to Light, who looked back up at him confused, "Think of it as a little souvenir... Something to help you look forward to the day you become a Trainer." Gary winks at him and walks towards the back door of the lab, signalling for everyone to follow him.

Once outside, Gary leads them to a concrete slab, at least five hundred feet wide and long, with a Pokeball painted on it. There were many scratches, nicks and scorch marks on it. Gary walked to the center of the slab and turned to them.

"Now then... Since we all have our new partners, let's go ahead and have some fun! Everyone call out your new Pokemon! It's time for a battle!"

*004*2013-12-13 02:41

Well... I can't really say too much on the Ash subject, but as far as using Game and Anime Cannons, I figured it would be a pretty cool idea because when you think about it, the game came before the Anime so i figured that those two could be two different generations entirely, Red and Blue the first generation and Ash and Gary being the second generation, making like a ten year difference between them.

Also, I agree with you on the generations. Johto was my absolute favorite, since you could get 16 badges in it lol and Hoenn was the runner-up because of the idea of all the hidden Legendary Pokemon that you could access Post Game, giving you quite a challenge.

*005*2013-12-14 22:04

I will have the next chapter posted either tonight or tomorrow night. Keep an eye out for this chapter where the three new trainers battle!!!!

*007*2013-12-16 04:15

{{:

If it's possible could Rose wet herself at some point maybe during a pokemon battle?

}}

Of course! Although sadly it will have to wait until everyone has begun their journeys. That's when the X chapters will have more of an effect since they will be out in the wild. Your request will be the first X-Chapter though, I promise.

Chapter Three - The First Battle

At the mention of a Pokemon Battle, all of the kids, even Blaze, smiled with excitement. Rose was already walking up to the slab and taking her place at the line to Gary's right where the trainer stands during the Battle, her Pokeball in hand.

"I see someone is eager to get this show on the road! Now, I want you two to come up here too." Gary commands, pointing to the line in front of him and to his left opposite from Rose. Confused, Blaze and Johnny make their way to the designated spots. When Blaze gets his Pokeball out, he stares at the Professor questioningly, "Professor, I thought Pokemon Battles were usually conducted between only two Trainers... How can all three of us attend the same Battle?" Rose and Johnny also give Gary the same stare, obviously wanting to ask the same question.

However, Gary just smirks as if expecting the question, "Very true, Blaze. Most Pokemon Battles are conducted between only two Trainers. However, there are Battles that occur that can have four Trainers. These types of battles are Double Battles, which can be fought by two Trainers with two Pokemon each, or four Trainers with one Pokemon each. There are also Triple Battles, which are battles where there are six Pokemon on the field at once, usually one Trainer with three Pokemon on each side, but there are a few times when Triple Battles are played out with six Trainers, each using one Pokemon. Although that is rare. Finally, there is also the Rotation Battle, where three Pokemon are on the field at one time, but only one Pokemon may attack or be attacked. This form of Pokemon Battle takes a lot of on-spot strategic planning since a Pokemon can be Rotated at any time with any one of the other two Pokemon on their team."

Rose wasn't satisfied, "Very insightful Professor... but how does that explain what we're doing now?"

Gary just stares at her, "True, what we are doing has nothing to do with any of the Battle Types that I have mentioned. This Battle type, rarely used, is called a Battle Royal. In this Battle format, there are an uneven number of Trainers so the only solution, to make it fair, is to all battle at once. Every Pokemon is an enemy and the last one standing is the winner. There is no limit to how many Trainers participate in this kind of Battle. The record so far was around thirty five Trainers during an event in Celadon City about twenty years ago. Now keep in mind that this Battle Type is also considered the most dangerous because so many Pokemon battling at once tend to cause injuries and the more Pokemon involved, the greater chance of a major injury that could bench your Pokemon for days, weeks, even months. Try to stay away from these battles when there are more than six Trainers involved.

"Now there is also a reason why I am having you all battle in this format..." Gary's expression changed from cheery to grim as quick as the blink of an eye. "This Battle Type is commonly used among criminal organizations and terrorists... In the event that you come across a group of them and they outnumber you, you need to know how to handle the situation. Team Rocket was especially known for this, usually outnumbering one Trainer six to one. Remember, they will not play fair. All they care about is winning and taking your Pokemon. Thankfully, however, Team Rocket has long since disbanded you shouldn't really have to worry about it, although the knowledge is still good to have. So, with that being said, let's get started!"

As he finished his explanation, Gary then walks over to the remaining line and pulls out a Pokeball. Everyone just stares at him curiously. He just nods and throws his Pokeball in the air, and in a flash of light, a young Eevee is released and it lands elegantly in front of Gary. "Meet Umbreon's daughter. She was hatched only about a week ago and has little Battle experience, just like your Pokemon." The young Eevee just gave them an excited squeak and got into a pouncing position.

Rose threw her Pokeball and out came her Bulbasaur, who landed on all fours and glared at the Eevee. Blaze released his Charmander, who immediately began to chase its tail, stopping with a single stare from Blaze. Finally, Johnny releases his Squirtle, who slips and lands on its back, struggling to get back up due to its shell limiting its movements. Johnny helps it up, pats it on the head, then walks back over to his line.

Gary then looks over to Lucas, who was petting Umbreon, "Light! How about you be the referee for our match?" Lucas's face just lit right up as he ran to the referee's stand and sat in the chair at the top, giving him a great view of the whole slab. Umbreon followed him up to the top and sat in his lap and Blastoise sat tat the base of the stand, readying a cannon to fire and signal the start of the battle at Lucas's command. As he raised his hand, Lucas took the time to acknowledge all four of them with a quick glance. Seeing the readiness in all of their eyes, he drops his hand and Blastoise fires what looks like a ball made of water into the air. Nobody moved as the ball slowed down, then began to return to the ground. Once it splashed into the middle of the slab, the Battle officially began.

The first one to move was Bulbasaur, who moved quickly at Squirtle. "Bulbasaur use Tackle!" Bulbasaur picks up speed and throws itself at Squirtle, who jumps up and over Bulbasaur. Still in the air, Squirtle follows up with a Tackle attack of his own and drops down on Bulbasaur, stopping him in place. "Way to go Squirtle! Now jump up and Tackle again!" As Squirtle jumps up to repeat the attack, Blaze's Charmander catches Squirtle in mid-air with a Scratch attack to the arm, causing him to miss by a few inches as he landed.

"Again Charmander!" Blaze commanded, and Charmander Scratched Squirtle again, this time catching the softer shell on his stomach and knocking him onto his back. As Squirtle struggles to get up, Charmander goes in for the win when Eevee Tackles him so hard that Charmander lands on her head and is slow to get up. Squirtle gets back up, ready to begin round two. Johnny calls out to Squirtle again, "Use Bulbasaur's bulb to propel yourself at Charmander and Tackle it!" Instantly, Squirtle jumps at Bulbasaur, who is just getting his balance, and launches himself into Charmander, knocking her back several feet and flat on her back. Charmander tries to get back up, but Eevee jumps onto her back with a Tackle and knocks her out cold. Lucas waves his hand to his right, "Charmander is unable to battle!"

As Blaze recalls Charmander, Eevee gives a triumphant squeak, then returns to the battle. With one of their competitors down, each of the Trainers, including Gary, start shouting their strategies excitedly to their partners. Bulbasaur launches himself at Squirtle, knocking him on his back, but this time he is prepared for it and uses his tail to increase his momentum and roll to his feet, then tackles back at Bulbasaur, who was also targeted by Eevee. Instead of attacking back, Bulbasaur, at Rose's command lies flan on his stomach, causing Squirtle and Eevee to collide just inches above him, both getting knocked back to the ground. Bulbasaur gave what appeared to be a sort of laughing sound as he tackled back at Eevee, who got hit so hard that she was sent flying several feet and doesn't recover, knocked out. Gary recalls Eevee and now it is down to just Squirtle and Bulbasaur. Once again, Lucas calls out, "Eevee is unable to battle!"

Both of them rush each other head on, both using Tackle, and knock each other back. Johnny changes his strategy slightly and has Squirtle rush back at Bulbasaur, who copies him, only this time Squirtle leaps up and uses Tail Whip and smacks Bulbasaur in the face with his tail, then slams downward at Bulbasaur with Tackle, crushing him between Squirtle and the slab and doesn't get up. Rose recalls Bulbasaur, leaving Squirtle alone on the slab, jumping in triumph. Lucas waves his hand to the side, "Bulbasaur is unable to battle! Squirtle wins!"

Gary walks over to Squirtle and pats him on the head. "Good work little buddy. Now take this over to your Trainer." Gary hands Squirtle a small box, who takes it happily and runs over to Johnny. Openning the box, johnny finds a small bag of what appears to be treats for Squirtle and another small bag with two hundred dollars in it. Shocked, Johnny tries to return the money, but Gary insists that he keeps it. "Trust me, you will need it more than you know. Believe it or not, it costs more than you think just for supplies." After congratulating Johnny and Squirtle, everyone shakes hands and then follow Gary back to the Lab, where he gives them all some Potions and Rick takes their Pokemon to the Lab clinic to heal them up.

As they wait, they all eat dinner, cooked by Gary and Rose, who volunteered to help him. They made beef stew and grilled cheese sandwiches, a simple yet filling dinner. Once they finished, Gary gave them a tour of the Lab. Once the tour was over and the Pokemon were healed, Gary leads them outside to see them off.

"Well, today was a fun day! Tomorrow morning, you will officially be Pokemon Trainers! I wish all three of you the best of luck and if you ever have any questions, or even just want to say hey, your Pokedexes have been upgraded to make video calls and my number is programmed into all three of them. Now then, before it gets too dark, run on home everyone and get a good night sleep." Rose, Johnny, and even Blaze wave goodbye to the Professor and Rick as they all walk home. Lucas, however, walks slowly in the opposite direction towards the beach, obviously upset that he wouldn't be starting his journey with them.

Gary walks over to him and pats him on the shoulder, "Don't worry, Light... In a couple months, that will be you too. How about you come on by next week and we can start designing your Pokedex. My daughter Leanne will be starting her journey at the same time as you and will be here as well. I bet she would love to make a new friend." Lucas looks up at Gary, tears in his eyes, but he manages a nod. Gary then walks back to his lab and Lucas walks home. As Gary locks up the lab, he waves to Rick, who is returning home, and begins to walk to the house across the street. After washing up and wishing his daughter a good night, he lays down in his bed.

They all have potential in their own way... But Lucas... I can't wait to see what kind of Trainer he will become..." he mutters to himself before Umbreon jumps up onto the bed with him and curls up with her head next to his. He strokes her ear and slowly falls asleep.

*010*2013-12-18 23:29

Interesting. I was thinking that maybe the setting can be in Viridian Forest.

*012*2013-12-21 06:48

Due to some family issues, I might have to postpone the next chapter by a day or two. I intended to write it up tonight, however that was before I found out that my Grandfather had a heart attack. I will try my best to get the next chapter up this weekend

*014*2013-12-27 06:06

Well my Grandfather is now on the road to recovery, which means I can now focus on the story again. I will be busy tomorrow, so expect another chapter sometime Saturday

*016*2014-01-03 07:46

Now that the holidays are ending, the chaos is finally starting to ease up. I know I promised a release earlier in the week, but things were a little crazy, involving me having the flu and a relative getting too drunk on new years... much drama followed that -_-... anyway now that things are settling down, I will try to get back on my regular posting schedule sometime within the next couple of days.

I truly am sorry for the delay

To make it up to everyone, I might have a little treat in the form of an X Chapter for the wait... (Sorry Moon, it won't be the one we have been discussing, although we will still be doing that one I promise.)

*018*2014-01-05 21:32

Oh it has to do with Rose... just not the Viridian Forest Scenario.

The Viridian Forest scenario is still going to happen though, I promise.

*020*2014-01-05 22:52

Chapter Three X - Midnight Mishap

(Please note that all X Chapters will be typed in this color in case people will want to skip them for an Omorashi-free story. However, seeing as how this is an Omorashi site, I highly doubt that lol.)

Once they all said good bye to the Professor, Johnny, Rose and Blaze started heading home. Noticing that Lucas wasn't with them, Rose looked behind them as they walked, noticing the Professor patting Lucas on the shoulder. It was obvious that Lucas was upset that he wouldn't be joining them on their journey.

"Maybe we should go back and cheer up Light... he seems to be taking it pretty hard..." Rose says, still looking back. Johnny began to slow down and look back too. However, Blaze continued moving forward, no change in his stride, "Leave him be... I've known Lucas for seven years now and he'll just want to be left alone."

"But-" Rose began, but Blaze stops and looks at her, "Rose, he knew how he would feel if he joined us today... Leave him alone. Trust me, he won't want to be bothered tonight anyway." With that last statement, Blaze coninues to head back home. Johnny follows suit, patting Rose on the shoulder and shaking his head at her as if in agreement with Blaze. Still upset, she runs to catch up with her brother, noticing a tingling sensation in her bladder which usually meant that she would need to use the restroom soon. But she knew that she could make it until they got to the house.

After parting ways with Johnny, Blaze and Rose continued to walk home, Rose feeling more desperate by the minute, but was still manageable.

Still a good ten minutes from their house, Blaze surprised Rose by starting the conversation, "I know you're worried about Light... But-"

"Aren't you supposed to be his best friend?!" Rose exclaimed, "He is obviously upset and needs his friends!"

"I am his friend! That's why I told you to leave him be! If anyone knows Light it's me and trust me, us talking to him is the last thing he wants right now!" Blaze retalliated, obvious frustration in both his expression and his voice.

"And what makes you say that?!" Rose shouts

"Because if YOU were in his shoes, what would you want?! Three of your best friends just had the time of their lives battling with their brand new Pokemon right in front of you, reminding you that they are starting their journeys the next morning, which means that you wont see them again until you eventually meet up on your own journey, which is months away! If I were him I would be feeling the same way!" Blaze then looked away, the anger affecting his pace as he walked further ahead of Rose, now furious at her brother.

However, she knew he was right. The best thing would be to leave Lucas alone until they see him in the morning. She then decided that she would try and cheer him up tomorrow when he sees them all off.

Another jolt from her bladder makes her stop in place and cross her legs for a second. After she felt it was safe, she uickened her stride and caught up with Blaze, who was still slightly aggitated. She felt that she should try and apologize, however she was afraid that he might lash out again.

Once they got home, she walks to the bathroom only to find, to her horror, that the bathroom door was closed and locked, which meant that someone was currently in there. She could faintly hear the sound of the shower running which meant that they would probably be in there for a good while, so she decides to wait in her room.

Turning her light on, she walks over to her dresser and gets dressed into something more comfortable; a pair of tight blue cotton sweatpants with a matching t-shirt. Taking care to fold the clothes she was just wearing, knowing that she would be wearing them again the next day, she places them on top of her bag then plops right on her bed and pulls out the Pokeball containing her Bulbasaur. For a few minutes, she continued to stare at the red and white orb, then she rolled onto her side and dozed off.

Four hours later, she wakes up with a start and crams her hand into her crotch as her bladder twitched painfully. Still dry, she sat up and pressed against her womanhood with both hands to prevent a leak. Slowly, she managed to get out of bed, but the bathroom was on the other side of the house and she didn't have much time. Slowly, still grabbing herself for all it was worth with one hand, she walked with baby steps toward her bedroom door. As she approached the doorway, however, a tiny squirt escapes from her, making her panic and push harder into her crotch. Not daring to take another step until she was sure it was safe, she stands there, legs crossed and slightly beto over. Finally, her bladder calms down enough for her to inspect the damage.

She stretches the material of her pants away from her crotch to get a better view and sure enough, a tiny dark blue dot was right in the middle of the crotch area. REsetting her pants to a comfortable position, she continues to hobble over to the bathroom in baby steps. As she crossed the kitchen, the cold marble floor must have sent a chilling shock to her bladder and once again she lets out another spurt of pee. Grabbing once again for all it was worth, she stands in one place to stop the flow. Once she regained control, she could feel a quarter-sized wet spot in the crotch of her pants.

Panic now overcoming her, she rushed to the bathroom, still grabbing herself and thankful that everyone was asleep.

Finally, the door to the bathroom was in view. As she made to grab the handle, however, she felt her bladder relax and anopther spurt of pee, this time lasting about two seconds, mades its way into her already wet panties. Each time she took another step toward the toilet, she couldn't help but release another spurt of pee. Now it was coming out at a trickle and she couldn't stop it. Wanting to minimize the mess, she steps into the walk-in shower, knowing that she won't be able to get her pants off in time, and slowly lets go. The trickle became a stream and the warm pent up pee soaked the inside of her pants.

Although nobody was watching, she could feel her face burn with embarrassment as she stood there wetting herself. However, along with the embarrassment came intesnse relief as she finally emptied her bladder of all its liquid contents. Once she was finished, she took off her now soaked pants and panties and her shirt, throwing them into the corner of the shower as she turned the water on to wash herself of the pee. She also scrubbed her clothes with soap to get rid of the smell.

Once she was done with her shower, she grabs a towel and wraps her body in it in preparation for the walk back to her room. On the way, however, she stops at the washer and dryer and deposits her wet clothes into the dryer and turns it on so that she can fold them in the morning and put them away. Once in her room, she puts a fresh pair of panties on and a new t-shirt and goes back to sleep.

*022*2014-01-05 23:38

Glad you enjoyed it.

*023*2014-01-07 03:16

Chapter Four - Between a Rock and a Hard Place

As Lucas walks away from the Pokemon Lab with a heavy heart, he looks back at his friends, envying them. All he has ever wanted to do was go on a journey with his friends right by his side as they traveled all over Kanto. However, with two and a half months until his birthday, he has to sit back and watch as his riends begin their journeys without him.

"I knew this was going to happen..." Lucas told himself, "So why does it hurt so much?!" He suddenly breaks out from a walk into a sprint, tears flying from his eyes as he ran. Faster and faster he ran, running as if he could escape the pain just from the speed alone. He wanted nothing more than to feel happy for them, however at this very moment, for whatever reason, he felt nothing but anger. Not at his friends, but at himself.

Once he reaches the beach, he finally slows down and kneels in exhaustion at the water's edge. Panting uncontrollably, he stares out at the sea, tears still streaming down his face. For almost an hour, he stares at the water, its constantly moving surface reflecting the crescent moon and the stars in the black sky.

"If only I were a little older... not much... just a couple months... Then I would've been able to join them!" He cried to himself, laying back and clenching a clod of wet sand and throwing it towards his feet. Lucas then begins to stare at the moon; the night sky always mystified him. He couldn't help but wonder if maybe there were some Pokemon that came from the moon...

Finally calming down, he starts to get up and walk home. In the corner of his eye, however, he sees something shine between a couple of rocks. Curiosity overcoming him, he goes to examine the source of the shine. Approaching cautiously in case it's a Tentacool, which tend to be rather aggressive while on land, he moves one of the rocks aside to reveal what looked like an oddly shaped stone. Sensing no danger from the stone, he picks it up.

It was oval shaped and about the size of his hand. It was a dull yellow color with splashes of purple here and there. Upon closer inspection of the stone's pattern, he then realizes what he was holding; a Pokemon Egg! Excitement began to course through him as he ran back home, taking care to not drop the egg. Twice he nearly tripped in his excitement, but he never lost his grip on the egg. Finally getting home, he takes his time to catch his breath before he walks inside.

As he begins to untie his shoes, he could hear footsteps approaching. Two seconds later his mother, long black hair with green eyes like Lucas and about two inches taller than he was. "Do you have any idea how late it is?!"

"Honestly, no Mom. I'm sorry... I guess I lost track of time..." He said cautiously. She didn't look it, but she was easy to anger.

"It's midnight! I know you went to the Lab with your friends, but that is no excuse to be THIS late! What we're you doing?!" She glared at him demandingly. He then explained to her everything but his envy towards his friends. He even showed her the egg. When she picked it up, she couldn't help but shed a tear. MAny in Pallet Town knew that in her days of being a Trainer, she was a rather famous Pokemon Breeder.

Handing the egg back to Lucas carefully and gently, she told him to wait in his room. Heading upstairs, he goes into his room and sets the egg carefully on a pillow and just stares at it.

"My very own Pokemon egg! I can't believe it! Maybe if it hatches soon enough, the Professor will allow me to use it as my Starter Pokemon!" He said cheerfully, smiling all the while. He was still staring at the egg when his mother came in with devices that he couldn't recognize and a book. After placing the items on his desk, she handed him the book, titled "Breeding Basics and Egg Care" and also stared at the egg.

"I have a feeling that you aren't going to be sleeping tonight, so I figured I would help you set up an incubator for your egg." She said, pointing to the strange device, which he now recognized as one of the smaller incubators that he always watched his mom used them in the daycare she ran outside Cerulean City before they moved to Pallet Town eight years ago.

It was as if she knew just the right thing to cheer him up. He hastily moved over to the incubator and helped her put it together. Once it was finished, he plugged it into the wall and placed his hand on the incubator, which looked like a small nest about a foot wide, and felt it for warmth. The soft padding felt like it was made from foam. Once it warmed up enough, he let his mother feel the pad. She nodded, indicating that he can put the egg on it. Gently, he grabbed the egg off his pillow and placed it on the incubator and watched as it sank about halfway down into the pad.

"Now Luke. Be sure to only turn on the incubator at night and unplug it in the morning. During the day, you're going to want to put it near the window so the sun will warm it. That's what this stand is for." She told him, handing him what looked like a ring with four legs. "Too much heat can injure the Pokemon's growth. This is why most Pokemon will heat their egg or eggs at night by laying on them and then will leave them during the day to soak in the sun's warmth instead."

"But if heat can hurt it, won't the sun's heat damage it too?" Lucas asked curiously.

"The sun's heat isn't as direct as the heat from the incubator. It won't smother it like the incubator will. That's why I would always take the eggs outside at the daycare in the mornings." She explained, pointing to the book. "That will tell you everything you need to know. Now don't stay up too late. I'm going to bed." She told him with a kiss on the forehead. As she walked toward the bedroom door, Lucas thanked her and she replied with a smile and shut the door.

All night he read the book, learning all kinds of techniques for raising a baby Pokemon including how, what, and when to feed it. Eventually he came across the Identification Section, which showed known eggs and their patterns. Of all the eggs that he saw in that chapter, only three of them looked like his egg. He also noticed a single phrase on one of the pages, "An egg's pattern is only seen near the final stages of its incubation. Many use the pattern as an indicator of which Pokemon may be inside of it. Note that it is not one hundred percent accurate, for there have been many cases of eggs taking on a pattern and the resulting Pokemon had othing to do with the said pattern, making content prediction very unpredictable."

For hours he continued to read the book, glancing at the egg from time to time. He wondered what Pokemon could be inside. Noticing how tired he was, he glanced at his clock to find out that it was five in the morning. He put the book on his nightstand next to the incubator and crawled into bed, still staring at the egg.

"Well whatever you are... Just know that I won't judge you. You will be awesome no matter what Pokemon you turn out to be." He said, starting to feel his eyelids grow heavy. Just as he began to shut his eyes, he could've sworn that he saw the egg wiggle slightly. However, he was now too tired to believe that it actually moved and fell asleep.

