Anything to Confess? - Page 14

*325*2021-11-10 17:40

Chapter 176

Liam

Dinner tastes absolutely delicious and a world away from the Lidl meals for one I’ve been living off for weeks. Megan could work as a chef, and I tell her so several times during the meal as she feeds the baby and eats herself, so effortlessly that I’m in awe. All I’m doing is holding the baby, which is the easy bit if you ask me.

I feel on cloud nine having finally emptied my bladder and the feeling of euphoria is only increased by the home cooked meal and sitting so close to my beautiful girlfriend. Hearing Megan talking about her day is incredibly special, having her company beside me, and appreciating her gorgeous bod, thrills me as the baby on my knee wriggles more with every spoonful as if it’s filling her with energy like a battery on quick recharge. The closer Megan gets to me as the baby moves the more I long to touch her and kiss her, her beauty overwhelming me and her voice sending tingles from my head to my toes. I never knew a woman could be so enticing just eating and feeding a child but Megan’s every move draws me like gravity as my body responds to my thoughts and desires.

The moment Megan gets down on her knees between my legs my thoughts go places that are very unholy and unwholesome! I have a vision of her sucking me and licking my dick and just the thought has me hard and throbbing even with a baby fidgeting on my knee. When her hand leans right at my tip I have to kiss her. God, I lust after her like nothing else! She’s talking to me about the charity shop and the new buggy but my thoughts are on something else entirely, someone else entirely to be precise! I’m glad she can’t read my mind right now, though maybe after that passionate kiss she can! My actions are no doubt saying way more than my words are, which is a relief as I have to down most of a glass of cold water as my mouth goes so dry seeing Megan sitting on the floor on her knees in my living room , her bottom right in my eye-line. If there wasn’t a young child on the floor I’d be doing things I’ve only ever seen on the internet that’s for sure!

Instead I sit down on the floor and join in playing with the baby hoping a time will come soon for my fun and games, which may just involve blowing raspberries on feet too but in a rather different way to what I’m doing with the baby. The giggles from Yasmin make me laugh though as I try to reply to Megan’s question, the glint in her eyes telling me that what I am about to say might just increase my odds of a good night with her after the baby’s asleep! I smile at her as Megan climbs over towards the bags she brought from home and pulls out a little rag type doll to give the baby. While Yasmin sits flapping, chewing and investigating the toy I tell Megan about my shift in the Kilcooley estate and how both my older male colleague and myself were utterly desperate for a piss by the end of the shift.

I then tell her about having to go to the bank to pay in the cash Father Reilly gave me in the card and how I couldn’t stand still in the queue. Seeing her eye light up and her cheeks getting more pink I carry on giving her as much detail about the tingling I was experiencing, the heaviness in my bladder, the embarrassment of the bank clerk taking me to the ATM and her watching me shuffling foot to foot, crossing my legs and squeezing my muscle as all the time I am seeing Megan’s face light up and her hands subtly edging closer to the top of her legs.

“Do you reckon the lady in the bank knew you were bursting, honey?”

“Oh God yes! Absolutely, sweetheart. So much so she even commented as much as I was leaving!”

“Seriously?”

“Yeah. The idiot that I am, I walked away from the machine without taking my bank card out! Luckily she noticed and took it out for me and called me back. By this point I was absolutely dying to wee too and I could feel my face so hot when she spoke to me.”

“What did she say?”

“Just something about being distracted by other things but she winked at me and I swear she was looking right at my upper legs. She most definitely knew.”

“Oh. Was that the Barclays bank next to W.H.Smith’s? A way down the far end of the high street too?”

“Yes!”

“You had quite a walk back here then too! No wonder you looked in agony holding yourself when you got here. You must have been so desperate sweetheart!”

“Oh Megan I was! The entire walk here I kept thinking I was going to have an accident, I was going to pee myself. Then when I got to the front door I was literally dancing on the spot searching for my key before I remembered I posted it through the letterbox to you this morning. How I managed to hold all the way back here I will never know.”

“Did you leak? Even a little?”

I’m not expecting that question and I feel myself blushing as the baby almost falls over and Megan reaches her right on time. Megan pulls the baby towards her using her knee to support her as she looks at me waiting for an answer, a hand now covering her own crotch openly.

I’m so horny and I suspect that Megan is in the mood too given her sparkling eyes and where her hand is, as my hand slips over my erection under my jeans as I whisper to my girlfriend as if the baby will somehow share our secret if she heard,

“Would you like to see?”

Megan’s eyes shine like saucers as her hand unmistakably strokes her vaginal area through her skirt as she nods across to me as I unclip my belt and jeans and stand up to slide my jeans down, a damp patch still visible on the front leg of my trunks.

There’s something about showing her, watching her reaction and being vulnerable and exposed in front of her that makes me so rock hard and ready, as for the first time ever I wish the baby wasn’t here so we were free to do what both our bodies obviously want without the added responsibility of a child. My mind tells me that we really should settle the baby to sleep before anything more happens but my body is seriously struggling to wait.

&&

&&

&&

*326*2021-11-11 10:14

Chapter 177

Megan

There’s something so incredibly hot hearing about Liam recount his day, all that he casually drank while at work and how both him and his work colleague ended up both bursting to pee. Just imagining two men walking the streets picking up litter with full bladders knowing there’s literally nowhere they can empty them turns me on more than I ever imagined it would. I revel in every little detail from the leg crossing to the stepping foot to foot to the tingling Liam describes in his testicles and tip of his penis. Each part he shares causing my body to warm, swell and get wetter as my body and mind delight in every single word.

I imagine them both waiting on the minibus at the end of the long shift, Liam telling me how agitated and pissed off his older colleague was and how he paced up and down the street anxiously waiting admitting to Liam embarrassingly that he really had to piss. I try to imagine how this might have affected my boyfriend, who already had to go too but was trying not to think about it. How I would have adored seeing them both if I lived close by and innocently happened to look out my window. How if I’d had privacy just seeing them would have caused me to stroke my own crotch area and twirl my nipples as I would wonder if they would make it to a toilet on time or not.

Hearing how annoyed Liam was on the bus sitting tightly crossed legged trying to distract his mind from his intense need while his colleague refused to shut up about his need both amuses me and makes me so horny too. My own body screaming for attention as I try my best not to show it and masterbate to my boyfriend’s words, ever aware of the baby in front of me and the fact I can’t just grab Liam and pull him on top of me right now. My heart is breathing faster than ever, my eyes filling with lust, and my nipples growing so hard. I shuffle on the floor longing to have something between my legs to gyrate on as I continue listening closely to Liam recounting his afternoon for me. Has he any idea how much his words are affecting me? Does he realise how fucking desperate I am for him right now?

When he starts saying how the lady in the bank clearly noticed his desperation I can’t help but touch myself as my vagina throbs rhythmically against the carpet under me. When I hear of her winking and looking directly at my boyfriend’s crotch I almost orgasm just thinking how my boyfriend’s squirming might have even turned on someone else too. I can’t hold back as I slowly stroke myself as my body is now so needy and ready I know I can’t stop. But Liam still has more to share and when he offers to show me where he leaked into his underwear as he danced right outside the front door of his own flat looking for the key that I had inside I gasp and stare as my body shakes with desire and need. Not only is there still a wonderful sexy damp patch when I know his throbbing full penis was just an hour or so ago now but his huge erection tells me that he’s just as ready and in the mood as I am!

I ogle his crotch admiringly as I hold Yasmin steady with my lower leg and stroke between my legs with my hand. With my hands trembling, my pussy pounding and my body sweating I pull myself up to standing, pick up the baby and grab Liam’s hand. Panting in urgency for sex with the man who has taken me to the place of no return just by telling me about how badly he had to piss for hours and showing me where he even leaked a little, I sit Yasmin in her new car seat on the buggy frame, strapping her in quickly and handing her her little rag doll as I pull the brakes off and wheel the buggy into Liam’s room only just leaving room for Liam to squeeze past.

As romantic as it might be to have Liam slowly undress me my body refuses to wait as I slip my skirt and knickers off hurriedly and pull my t-shirt over my head as I see Liam pulling his shirt off the same way for speed and stepping out his trunks. I unclip my bra throwing it casually and laughing as it lands right on the car seat and my baby sister grabs it to play with. Knowing I can still see her and that she’s safe I jump onto the bed naked as Liam jumps on right after.

A simple, loving, and deep kiss is all we have time for before our bodies easily join one another in a frantic but wonderful way as I climb on top of Liam and slide over him easily, both of us more than ready and eager to go as I think of him bursting for hours and holding his bladder as I quickly climax, not once but twice, as Liam allows me to lead and take his body at whatever pace I want. Seeing his facial expressions and feeling his body only confirms to me that he’s more than happy with what I am doing as I see his mouth open again and his head go back as he moans quietly in such a similar manner to how I imagined he would be when he finally got to piss after holding back so long.

Just the thought that I might be here again when he gets back from work bursting another day sends shivers right through my body as my own body slowly calms from orgasm as I turn to lie on the bed beside my naked boyfriend, feeling content and fulfilled but heartbroken at the thought of him leaving the next day for England.

As we both lie there looking at each other in gratitude and contentment I sigh as I stroke Liam’s face.

“I wish you didn’t have to go to England tomorrow. I don’t know what I’ll do without you.”

“Megan, come with me, please. You and Yasmin. What’s keeping you here now? The McGintley’s are on holiday and you’ve left home. I’ve looked at the ferries and there’s two a day, one in the morning and one overnight. Even if you want to be home for Rory’s friends coming tomorrow we could get the overnight one. The money Father Reilly gave me that I paid into the bank earlier should cover 2 return tickets. Please say you’ll come.”

I look at the man facing me thinking of all he means to me and the way he has not only welcomed me into his home but my baby sister too then think of meeting my brothers earlier outside the school.

“I saw Anthony and Rory today. I walked Yasmin to St. Christopher’s to meet them. Turns out Shaun and Lilly are taking the four boys to laser quest tomorrow now so I won’t be going home after all. If you really mean it I’d love to come with you.”

I look over at Yasmin waving my bra in her hands cooing away then catch sight of the Bible on the bedside cabinet by Liam.

“I think someone is looking out for us Liam. What with getting that buggy for Yasmin today. It’s like it was meant to be, don’t you think?”

“I couldn’t agree more. Sort of like green pastures prepared just for us.”

I look right into his gorgeous eyes, smiling.

“Like sometimes our most desperate situations lead to our most beautiful moments.”

He winks at me smiling that heart melting smile of his.

“I’ve no idea where you heard that Megan but it’s absolutely perfect, don’t you agree?”

*327*2021-11-11 22:03

Chapter 178

Liam

I can’t explain how humbling, exciting and immensely arousing it is to watch Megan as I continue to share with her how desperate I was earlier in the day to piss. I knew she loved seeing me bursting but realising that just simply describing it also seriously turns her on is unbelievable and magical. Imagining how wet her vagina is, how hard her nipples might be, how warm her body is getting, all turn me on very quickly too as just watching her eyes change from casual everyday looking around to gazing at me in lust and wonder makes me feel like the sexiest man alive. The sexual atmosphere only gets more enticing and tense as I strip my jeans down and show off what’s left of the damp patch on my trunks as I know just by looking at Megan that neither of us can wait until the baby is in bed to take things further.

When she takes my hand I can hear my own heart thumping as the reality of what is about to happen ignites my body with such passion I can feel precum about to shoot down my long erect penis. If things don’t progress quickly I fear I might explode way too soon as my body is so ready I can barely get my shirt off quick enough! Seeing Megan’s naked beautiful body sends my hormones rocketing as I climb onto the bed beside her willingly.

I know I won’t last long and thankfully Megan isn’t disappointed as I lie back and allow her full control. I love surrendering to her completely and she doesn’t disappoint as she slides on top of me and drives me wild hearing the moisture squelching between her legs and feeling the heat of her body swallowing my dick and riding it fast. It happens quickly for us both, though it’s beautiful and wonderful and perfect. There’s no way on earth I can go a full week without experiencing this again and as we relax together naked on the bed catching our breath I feel the time is finally right to ask her to come to England with me. She’s a part of me now and I need her like I need oxygen as I almost cry when she says yes!

Yet I still very much feel her sadness, her heartbreak, when she tells me about the change of plans for her brothers and how her family appear to be excluding her already just a day after she’s left home. It sounds so unfair, cruel even, and yet the woman beside me just carries on caring and loving her family anyway. I’m in awe of her strength and courage but I’m also worried as the more she tells me about how life was for her at home the more my heart breaks that I didn’t realise sooner and help her.

Yasmin brings us both back to reality as she starts crying as I notice she’s dropped her little doll. I climb off the bed and put my trunks and jeans back on as I need to ask Megan’s help in working out how to get the baby out the car seat. Megan has her clothes back on now too as she shows me how the clips work and I lift the child out and get her doll. I carry her into the kitchen and one handedly start putting the dinner dishes into the sink ready to wash.

Megan hasn’t followed me so I go to find her and see if she’s ok. I see the bathroom door closed so return to the kitchen and start soaking the dishes in warm water while the baby cuddles in and rests her head on my shoulder. Megan returns taking the baby from me and getting her ready for bed as I wash up and tidy up the kitchen before putting the kettle on. Megan pops in with the baby to get some warm milk and by the time I take two mugs of tea out to the living room Megan has Yasmin almost asleep in her arms while she sucks contently on her bottle.

I snuggle beside my girlfriend while we drink our tea and the baby falls into a deeper sleep before Megan gets up to put her in the bed while I pull the buggy back into the hall and then use the bathroom. Snuggled back on the couch relaxing I search StenaLine on my phone and check the times of ferries to Liverpool. With only two per day I turn to face Megan to see what she thinks.

“So there’s the 10:30am departure which gets you to England at 6:30 in the evening or the 10:30 evening ferry and travel overnight arriving at 6:30 in the morning.”

“Wow. I had no idea it took so long.”

“Me neither until I got on the day I moved here. It’s like a hotel though with shops, a cinema, a restaurant and lounges. Look you can even get rooms too. I stayed in the basic lounge the time I was on it. Didn’t sleep much but it was comfortable enough and quiet as they don’t let kids in.”

“What about Yasmin though?”

“According to the website they say families should book a cabin. Mmm I guess that will be extra.”

“Then we still need to eat too. And can you hire a cot? I’m worried about the cost of it Liam. If it’s too much I’ll just stay here in Ireland with Yasmin. Where will we even stay in England? How would we get from the ferry to there too? I have a back to work bonus I got for £150 a few weeks ago and my wages but if I’m not going back home I need that for rent for somewhere.”

“We can stay at my aunt’s so that’s that sorted. And Gareth said he’s arriving Saturday morning so if we need a lift from the ferry he said he’d help. And please don’t think about rent Megan. Stay here with me. Now let me see if there’s any offers on and see what the prices are. Look you can hire a cot for free and there’s facilities for heating baby food too. Right I’ll provisionally click the evening one, two adults, one infant, Saturday 18th April, return….oh staying a week takes us to Easter weekend. That’s looking more expensive so I’ll try the Thursday before. That’s better. Right add a cabin..double room is dearer but let’s just see, oh would you want breakfast? I’ll add two and we can always take it off…total cost for us all, return tickets with a cabin both ways, and doing both journeys overnight plus breakfast both times is…£196! Oh Megan! I’ve just paid £200 cash in to my bank from the priest, so what do you think?”

“You sure we can stay at your aunt’s for free? And Gareth can definitely pick us up?”

Yes! Yes! Oh please say you’ll come!”

“I’ve never left Ireland before, Liam. Ever!”

“There’s always a first?”

“What about Rory and Anthony?”

“You wouldn’t be home anyway would you? Shaun and his wife seem to be doing a fine job of taking over tomorrow so surely they can help out more? And what about the other siblings? Surely your dad can get time off work? They can’t expect you to look after them all the time? And Anthony is 12. Surely he can look after himself a bit now too?”

“I guess Aisling and Harrison could maybe help? I don’t need a passport or anything do I?”

“You’ve got I.D don’t you?”

“I’ve a photo driving licence if that’s any good?”

“Perfect. Right I’m going to book this before you change your mind, ok.”

“Liam…how do we get to Belfast to get the ferry?”

“Bus? Train? Taxi? It shouldn’t be too much surely?”

“Taxi would be but bus might be ok. Right ok. Go for it. Oh God Liam I can’t believe this time tomorrow we’ll be on our way to England.”

I’ll just book it all now. Thank you Megan. You’ve no idea how happy I am that you and Yasmin are coming too.”

*328*2021-11-12 09:21

Chapter 179

Megan

On Saturday my mind is all over the place, one minute excited the next stressed. I haven’t been on a family holiday for years let alone left the country. Going somewhere I’ve never been, leaving my family, taking my Down’s syndrome sister away with me, having to trust a man that just a few months ago was a total stranger…it’s all so much to take in. I use my phone to write lists, just like my mam, after breakfast as I start thinking about everything I need to pack: nappies, wipes, clothes, bottles, food and toiletries for the baby, clothes, personal things, toiletries and snacks for myself plus all the stuff Liam wants to take too including the suit Father Reilly gave him and the shoes that mysterious got delivered earlier in the week.

Then there’s paperwork; I check my purse for my driver’s license but I have no ID at all for Yasmin. What if she needs it? My head starts panicking as Liam tries reassuring me time and time again, reminding me that England is still part of the U.K. and that I can easily buy things there too.

I’m in the middle of making piles of clothes on the floor of the clothes for Yasmin from the charity shop and things of mine I brought from home as Liam plays with Yasmin when I hear my mobile buzz with a text. Liam hands me my phone and I can’t help smiling at a photo from Liz of Chelsea sitting in her wheelchair in their van smiling and holding a toy plastic snake that I put in the party bag on Thursday. I text back telling them to take care and have a brilliant holiday and that I miss them already. I go back to counting the outfits for Yasmin when Liam interrupts me.

“Is it just me or does this little one need changed?”

“Oh goodness me, yes! Yasmin Martha Murphy, what have you been doing?”

I grab a towel and lie my sister ready to change her as Liam shocks me by offering to do it for me.

“You serious?”

“Why should you have to do it all yourself? That doesn’t seem fair to me.”

I let him help by handing me all I need and disposing of the dirty items, though I am very touched that he’s willing to care for a baby that isn’t even his.

“That was the McGintley’s texting. They sent me a photo of Chelsea to say goodbye. They are away to Scotland for the Easter holidays.”

“You should have told them that you’re off to England too.”

“I didn’t think.”

“I wish it wasn’t because of going to a funeral you know. I really wish you were meeting aunt Ella. She really would have loved you so much. Oh and she’d have loved you too Yasmin. She loved kids. She always wanted her own but just never met anyone.”

“I really am sorry about your aunt Liam. Here I am getting stressed about going away when you’ve just lost your aunt. I’m so insensitive. Sorry honey.”

‘Don’t worry sweetheart. I promise you it will be ok. So what’s the plan for today? Do you want to go back to your house for anything you need?”

“Probably. I only have a few skirts and tops and a pair of leggings and some socks and underwear. Absolutely nothing I can wear to a funeral. I’m thinking of maybe seeing if I can find Yasmin’s birth certificate or anything like that just in case we need it too. I’m really not sure when would be best though. Rory’s friends were meant to be coming at 11 but I’m not sure if that’s changed what with them going to laser quest now. And I assume dad will be at the hospital. Theresa is going away today to Belfast to stay with a friend while she looks for somewhere to rent. I think I’d rather go when everyone is out.”

“That sounds wise. So it’s just after ten now. I noticed you bought bread and milk yesterday. Thank you. Does this little sweetie need anything for lunch or dinner? I have just been buying as I need and using up stuff from the food bank.”

“Yasmin needs nappies and some wipes too maybe. And some baby meals, and probably some milk for the journey.”

“What about we head to Lidl then and then we can walk down to your’s? I don’t want you going home yourself.”

“Sounds perfect. I’ll see if there’s a backpack I can use at home too for all this stuff too.”

It doesn’t take long to get organised as Liam lifts the new buggy down the stairs and he even pushes it with my sister in telling me over and over how easy it is to push and how comfy Yasmin looks facing him in the car seat with the blanket over her that Mrs Clements gave her from the charity shop. I pick up some essentials in Lidl and put them in the basket under the buggy and then we walk on together towards the familiar Bloomfield estate I’ve lived in all my life.

“This places suddenly seems quite luxurious you know, after being on the Kilcooley estate yesterday. That was an experience for sure.”

“True. Dad always said we should be thanking God for where we lived because other people had it much worse than us. Was hard to see that growing up though in such a small house with so many of us, but it just goes to show you don’t need to go far to see other’s worse off than you are.”

“Very true. I can’t believe how quiet it is here this morning. It’s a nice morning too.”

“Tomorrow is the start of Holy Week. This will be my first ever year not being here for that. It’s as big as Christmas for Catholics really.”

“I didn’t even realise.”

We carry on chatting but suddenly as we turn into Woodburn Close I freeze as something catches my eye as I grab Liam’s arm making him stop dead in the middle of the pavement.

“What’s up?”

“The car. The house isn’t empty. I think dad’s home.”

*329*2021-11-12 19:41

Chapter 180

Liam

I wish now that I hadn’t suggested about Megan going home to get some more things. Standing in the middle of the pavement as she grabs me I stare at what I assume is her dad’s car; an innocuous dark grey ordinary family four door saloon parked outside number 25. I turn to look at Megan, her pink cheeks now pale and her lips trembling. There’s absolutely no way I am letting her go in alone.

“Do you still want to go in? We can leave it if you want.”

“But I haven’t got anything to wear to your aunt Ella’s funeral. We’ve walked all the way here now and tonight I’ll be on a ferry leaving Ireland so…”

“I don’t want you going in alone Megan. I know it’s your own family but you didn’t part on good terms did you? I’ll come in with you then we can get what you need quick and leave. You can do this. You are braver than you think.”

She does start walking again but I can tell she’s scared. I push the buggy down the short garden path as Megan knocks her own front door and tentatively pushes it open.

“Hello? It’s just me. Megan.”

I look at the front steps thinking it might be easier and quicker to just carry the baby in than lug the buggy in so I lift the blanket and unstrap the baby just like Megan showed me last night. I have Yasmin in my arms standing right beside Megan just as the door opens and an older tall man looks down at us both.

“Oh so you’ve come back have you? Did Aisling call you then?”

“No-one called me dad. I’m not staying. I just need some things please. Can I come in?”

“Of course you can. But don’t dare disturb your mam.”

“Is she home?”

“I just got back with her about half an hour ago. Look, come in, but whatever you do keep quiet. My Mary Catalina is having a well earned nap in her own living room.”

Megan steps in as it looks and feels like the door is about to be shut in my face even though I am holding the man’s youngest daughter in my arms. Instinctively I step up onto the top step and place my foot inside blocking the door from closing. The man eyes me suspiciously despite the fact just two days previously I was happily sitting in his kitchen for his son’s 10th birthday party.

“She living with you then? You do go to chapel, right?”

I smile and look directly up at him.

“Yes I do. I read the Bible every night as well. I was just in Father Reilly’s house after service on Sunday too. I’m not here to cause trouble Mr. Murphy. I’m just here to help Megan carry her stuff, that’s all.”

The door opens properly and I step inside still feeling his eyes on me heavily. The living room door is half closed over, quiet music playing in the background, as I look upstairs wondering if I dare go up to check on Megan. Quietly I turn to look up at the stoic tall man whose face is old looking yet strong and determined. He raises a finger to his mouth indicating for me to be quiet as his eyes move towards the stairs indicating that I have his permission to go up. I give him a nervous smile and quietly climb the stairs carrying Yasmin, who I realise he hasn’t even so much as glanced at never mind spoken to. I hold the baby tight, as if somehow trying to protect her from the hurt I think she might feel, as I reach the top of the stairs and look all around for Megan.

The doors of all the rooms are open and I notice the small family bathroom, a cramped bedroom with bunk beds in and pink flowery wallpaper on the walls, a dark room next door with the curtains drawn that appears to be the largest bedroom, and then another small bedroom behind me with blue painted walls and another set of bunk beds in. Standing silently I search for Megan with my eyes as I see her behind a door in the pink wallpapered room. Stepping into the room she comes out from behind the door of what must be some sort of built in cupboard. She hands me an old looking backpack which I attempt to open one handed while she opens drawers and puts in some clothing and some bits and bobs from around the room. Yasmin is starting to get unsettled and Megan tries to soothe her as best she can looking worried and anxious. It feels like we are shoplifting or something even though I know this is Megan’s own things, so much so that I can’t wait to leave the house and feel I can breathe again.

Yasmin begins whimpering so Megan takes her sister and I zip the bag closed and carry it downstairs with Megan behind me. At the bottom the door to the living room is still ajar with Megan’s dad standing guard in front of it as if even so much as seeing inside is forbidden. I reach to open the front door and as I do the man reaches out to grab my arm, wrapping his right hand around my wrist as he looks right at me and opens his mouth to speak.

“So I’ll see you at chapel during Holy Week shall I?”

There’s an undertone, a sort of threat, to his mannerisms and words as if trying to catch me out from saying earlier that I went to chapel and met with Father Reilly. I swallow a lump before shakily answering.

“I leave for England tonight unfortunately. My dear aunt Ella passed away and it’s her funeral on Monday.”

I stare at him feeling my answer wasn’t quite acceptable and like he’s some sort of headmaster about to give me a detention.

“Dad leave him alone. Please.”

Her father lets my hand go, much to my relief, but then Megan says something as I turn to look at her holding her baby sister as my jaw drops open and my heart rate soars.

“I’m going to England with him dad. Yasmin is coming too. The question is wether we’ll come back after the funeral. I don’t mean come back home here because I think we both already know that won’t happen. I mean wether we’ll even come back to Bangor or even Northern Ireland. Look after the boys please and tell them I love them both very much. Bye dad. I hope mam gets better now. I really do.”

*330*2021-11-13 11:34

Chapter 181

Megan

I don’t realise at first that Liam hasn’t followed me upstairs as I search in the cupboard in my old room for the backpack I am sure is there buried under other things. I can just about make out a male voice but it’s hard to tell from behind the cupboard door if it’s my dad or Liam. I move some boxed games, some welly boots and some other junk until I see the bag just as Liam walks into the room with Yasmin. As he holds the bag open I throw in a black skirt, a smart blouse, some black tights, some more knickers and bras and some other leggings and skirts and tops to keep me going. There’s a few other personal things on the top of the drawers so I put them in too before I feel we can’t hang around a second longer and I go to walk out the room. Yasmin is confused at being back home and unsettled so I take her off Liam in the hope it quietens her down so she doesn’t wake mam.

I don’t know where I expect my dad to be when we get downstairs but the last place I imagine him being is blocking the living room door like some sentry guard! Even I know that now isn’t the best time to see or talk to mam, but the way he grabs Liam’s wrist terrifies me. If he’s trying to get me to come back home he’s going totally the wrong way about it! Why dad is asking Liam about Holy Week I have no idea but when my boyfriend tells him that’s he’s going back to England for his aunt’s funeral and dad still doesn’t let him go I have to say something!

It just sort of comes out without me really thinking. I think dad is as shocked as I am as he suddenly lets go of Liam’s wrist as we almost run down the path and along Woodburn Close quicker than you can say ‘Hail Mary’. We walk for a while without either of us saying a word until we stop to cross Belfast Road, me pushing the buggy and Liam carrying the backpack from home.

“You ok, Megan?”

“I think so. You?”

“Yeah. Was he like that when you lived at home?”

“That depends what you mean. He never grabbed me like that or anything but having that air of authority and not being afraid to use it, most definitely. If dad decided something was done a certain way then we all knew to do it just how he wanted. But he wasn’t always home. He’s always worked long hours. Still does. Never a Sunday though. That’s chapel day and we all had to go. He’d get angry if one of us was ill or away saying it didn’t look good not being a full family on the row in chapel, though really we all knew it was because he hated anyone asking about the family or ‘prying in Murphy business’ as he called it. Deeply personal man is my dad.”

“You didn’t mean what you said about not coming back to Ireland did you?”

“Not really. It just sort of came out in the heat of the moment.”

“Good. I like it here in Bangor. Even the Kilcooley estate can’t put me off! Though do you remember the first ever time we met in the launderette? I said that Gareth had told me about Bangor and how the council would charge you to sit on the beach if they could and that his other memory was that there was no public toilets down at the beach? That’s about the only thing I reckon needs changing here. You really do need more public toilets.”

“Ha. That’s just because you’re fed up having to hold your bladder all day at work. At least we have a launderette and a library. Oh and a wonderful chapel at St Mary’s. I haven’t seen what England has to offer but those three places here are pretty hard to beat.”

“No. What’s hard, actually really totally impossible, to beat is the beautiful woman I met in all those places. She’s the best thing about Bangor by far!”

I smile at him as we get ever closer to his cosy flat near the end of Victoria Road, Yasmin fussing to be fed and the basket under the buggy bumping the bag from Lidl up and down at every curb making me very grateful that I didn’t buy any eggs. It takes a fair amount of organising to get into Liam’s flat, me lifting Yasmin in, Liam carrying the backpack and the bag of groceries then having to put then both down and go back to lift the buggy in.

“This flat isn’t baby friendly that’s for sure!”

“And that’s without all the stuff I left at home..,the high chair, jumperoo, cot, bath seat and all the toys! I honestly don’t know where mam put it all when she had five under five at one point!”

“Liam winks at me as he puts the brake on the buggy in the hall and lifts the bags to carry them into the living room and kitchen.

“Don’t be getting any ideas now on that front. I’m not sure I want anything like as many kids as your parents had…well not in this tiny flat anyway!”

*331*2021-11-13 23:10

Chapter 182

Liam

It takes until we are half way back to my flat before I calm down fully from what happened at Megan’s. My mind is a mess wondering if Megan was beaten or abused at home and while I’m relieved to hear things weren’t quite as bad as I feared I still feel terrible about how controlling her father was, and appears to still be. At least she’s away from there now, as is the baby. It also explains why Megan, the sweetheart that she is, is so worried all the time about her younger brothers too. Taking the buggy inside after I’ve taken the backpack and bag from Lidl in I realise just how much stuff a child needs and although I adore Yasmin, which I never expected to happen, I also wonder if my flat will be adequate if Megan and Yasmin now move in permanently.

I don’t mention anything though over lunch as we have enough to be thinking about getting Yasmin down for a nap and packing to go away. While Megan settles the baby to sleep I dig out my own bag that I brought over from England and put in everything I need from my room before Megan puts the baby on the bed to sleep. Placing the new black shoes at the bottom of the holdall I once again wonder who bought them for me and why as I place a carrier bag on top of them before neatly folding the shirt and suit from Father Reilly and packing them too. I’m just putting the last of my things in, including the small Bible, when Megan comes in holding a sleeping child in her arms. I place the holdall on the floor and pull the duvet back to let her get Yasmin in the bed. The baby looks tiny lying alone in a big double bed as I comment as much to Megan.

“She disappears in that big bed. Is she even as long as my pillow?”

Megan places the duvet on Yasmin lightly then climbs off the bed and looks at me.

“She’ll always be small Liam. It’s part of her condition. It’s also why her nose and ears are small too, why her eyes slant upwards and her face looks flat. Her head, hands are feet are tiny too. She’s doing great but when you see her next to other babies her age you really notice it even more. It’s why mam never takes her anywhere except chapel, and even there she refuses to let her go to the crèche with the other wee ones. Dad and mam had someone come to the house after she was born to talk to them about her syndrome.

Mam fell apart afterwards and dad just worked more and went to chapel more. I found all the leaflets and read them all before they got binned. To me she’s just my sister, but then I do sort of understand that for my parents it’s hard to hear that your baby is different. I think mam actually understands more than what her doctors think. Yasmin wasn’t well right after she was born too which made it even worse. She had one chest infection after the other and mam went to pieces especially when the doctor said she might be sick a lot as babies like a Yasmin often have a weak immune system. I though it was the chest infections making Yasmin so behind other babies but then I read all the leaflets and…well it’s a lot to take in.

I don’t really think about it much but a few weeks ago the health visitor came to see mam and gave her some leaflets for places to take babies. Mam promised her she’d think about taking Yasmin to them, but of course she couldn’t face it. Then when she was going out for the day to get stuff for Anthony’s first communion she left Yasmin with me and told me about this rhyme class for babies in the library. Yasmin loved it but even I could see that babies months younger than her were walking and saying words and so much bigger than her too. It really brought it home how different she is. It has its advantages though..she’s only just moving into 12-18 month old clothes now at almost 16 months and still fits in that first size car seat easily. She’s lighter than other babies too which makes pushing her easier.

I need to be honest with you though Liam; she’ll need a lot of support and help all her life. The leaflets said she’ll almost certainly have learning difficulties, social struggles, speech delay, and low muscle tone is already affecting her with not saying words yet and only just pulling herself to stand up. I suppose in a way dad thinks he’s doing the right thing by giving her to people that have the money and ability to truly meet her needs. Mam is never going to do that because she’s too ill herself. I want to, but the big question is can I do it? I mean I’ve just taken her out the only family home she’s ever known and ripped her away from her family. Hardly the best start to showing I have the ability to meet her needs now is it?”

“You are bloody amazing with that baby Megan! It astounds me how you know what she needs and you can stop her crying and make such great meals for her. She adores you, and rightly so. And you only took her away from her home because she was going to be taken from it anyway. You are actually protecting her and keeping her safe. You know her more than anyone and you refuse to abandon her for anyone or anything. That’s a hell of a lot more than what my own mum did for me. That’s true love Megan, and you are one incredible woman. Incredible and very brave. I love you so much.”

“I love you too Liam Jude. Now how about you make me a cuppa while I pack Yasmin’s and my own stuff. You can let me know if what I picked up from home is ok for the funeral too when you get a minute.”

“On my way.”

I look over at Yasmin sleeping and smile.

“At least one I’ve only got one woman nagging me for a bit. I secretly love it Yasmin but don’t go telling your sister when you wake up ok?”

*333*2021-11-14 09:27

Chapter 183

Megan

I sit on the floor drinking a mug of tea while I fill the backpack with some clothes for myself and then plenty for my sister. I check the changing bag and add in some extra small toys and top everything up. There’s room at the top of the backpack for other things I might need last minute and by the time I’ve finished my tea I am zipping the bag closed and carrying the empty mug through to the kitchen.

Liam is sitting in the living room watching TV as I sit beside him and ask what time we need to leave tonight. Checking his phone he suggests getting the bus around 9pm so we are at the port in plenty of time. As he puts his phone back on charge and sits back down I snuggle into him and dose for a bit after a very eventful few days. I wake to the sound of Liam’s mobile ringing as I listen to him talking and try and play detective to figure out who it might be. Whoever it is knows about his return to England but doesn’t know when he’s leaving as I pretend to watch TV whist all the time just eavesdropping on my boyfriend’s conversation.

Finally Liam comes off and I look at him eagerly.

“It was only the minister of my aunt’s church honey, the one doing her funeral on Monday. He was just checking when I will be arriving in England as he’d like to see me before the funeral, understandably. He’s going to pop round to my aunt’s house after his service finishes on Sunday morning. I told him I’d be staying there, which he was pleased about.”

I nod and I’m about to snuggle back into him when his phone rings again. Liam looks at me apologetically as he goes back to pick up his phone again. This time I guess by how familiar he’s being, and how animated and happy he appears, that it’s his best friend Gareth. My suspicions are confirmed when he tells him when the ferry arrives in England tomorrow morning and then smiles at me as he adds that he won’t be travelling alone and his girlfriend and her baby sister are coming too. I guess that Gareth is pleased at this news from the huge smile Liam gives me.

I check on Yasmin in the bedroom and use the bathroom and by the time I return Liam is back off the phone and sitting in the two seater couch beckoning me to sit beside him. We snuggle and dose on and off until I hear Yasmin making happy noises in the bedroom and I go and fetch her. Sorting her out I then leave her with Liam for a bit while I get some dinner for us all from what I bought in Lidl. Liam brings the baby into the kitchen while I’m cooking as I wonder out loud to my boyfriend about how mam is doing at home, how my brothers might have reacted on seeing her after coming back from laser quest with Shaun and Lilly and how the boys will be when they find out I am away to England.

“In the space of a few weeks, Liam, those two boys have had their mam try to kill herself and being rushed to hospital, their older sister Theresa moving out to Belfast, and now me taking their baby sister and leaving home. I’m just thinking it will be the quietest the Murphy house has ever been since our Shaun and then Aisling were born! If they wanted they could have something no other Murphy child has ever had..their own rooms!”

Liam sits behind me with Yasmin on his knee as I dish up tea for us all, which kind of feels like a last supper except 5 days early. He’s been quiet for a few minutes but as I pour out drinks and sit down I realise he’s been thinking about my brothers too.

“Do you think they are safe at home Megan? What with your mum home now?”

As I blow on Yasmin’s food to cool it down before offering it to her, I wait a second before answering.

“Yes. I think so. I expect the hospital have some sort of care plan in place and mam really dotes on the boys. She is a good mam, well at least she tries to be. My biggest concern will be who will do all the boring necessary stuff while mam gets better. Dad doesn’t even know how to turn the washing machine on or change a bed and his cooking skills are terrible. But knowing dad he’ll have been on the phone to Shaun and between them they’ll have yet more rotas of who is watching the boys and when. Dad is a huge fan of Easter. He says it’s the most important time of year so he might have taken some annual leave for Holy Week like he often does. What happened today with dad is honestly the first time I’ve seen him get physical. It just feels like everything and everyone has changed since Rory’s birthday on Thursday. I just wish I knew why.”

The rest of the meal we eat mostly quietly, lost in our own thoughts. When we’re finished I take Yasmin into the living room and Liam washes up. I’m sitting on the floor playing with Yasmin when my own mobile rings. It’s Shaun checking that I know mam is home and telling me how the boys had a blast at laser quest and are already asking to go again, but then comes the real reason why he’s calling.

“That’s all great Meg but you know we all have a responsibility to each other, siblings to siblings. Us Murphy’s stick together, you know that. Dad said you’d moved out. Why? You do know you won’t be able to rent anywhere only working part time? No landlord will take on someone like you whose just come off benefits too. And I hear you took Yasmin? What are you? Crazy? You can’t just steal someone’s baby and decide you can do a better job! Mam and dad are great parents Meg. Surely you can see that? And don’t go telling me some story about them giving Yasmin away and that you can care for her better than they can and you know better. How insulting is that! I actually can’t believe how selfish you are acting! We all need to rally round now and get mam better. You know what that means and you know what I’m about to say. So when are you coming back home?”

“What! Why would I come home and bring Yasmin back and let mam and dad put her into care? It’s none of your business where I am staying now or how I pay my way. So it’s ok for you to move out, and Aisling, and the twins can move away for university. Even Theresa can move to Belfast, but I have to stay to look after my brothers and do all the house stuff and care for mam? Really?”

“Aisling and I got married Meg! For heaven’s sake! The twins are taking their education seriously to get good jobs and better themselves. Theresa has been offered a promotion. You haven’t even got a full time job! Who are you going to dump your sister on when you work eh? Who? And you think that makes you a better person to look after a disabled child than mam and dad who have successfully raised 8 of us before Yasmin? I’m asking you nicely to do the right thing here, to come home, bring Yasmin home where she belongs and let her own parents decide what they feel is best for her.

You have no bloody idea the hoops dad and I jumped through to get mam back home and there’s no way I’m going to let you ruin everything and have her taken back to that prison of a hospital because you are acting like a spoiled brat and thinking you know best. Just come to chapel tomorrow like normal, bring Yasmin too. It’s Palm Sunday and we can all sit together as a family and celebrate Jesus’ entry into Jerusalem and mam getting out of hospital at the same time. Then you can walk home like you always do and we’ll forget all about this. I’ll see you tomorrow!”

He hangs up before I can say anything as I sit there on Liam’s living room floor watching my sister sitting playing as silent tears run down my cheek.

*335*2021-11-14 13:11

{{3 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Wow, that was interesting! i wonder what meg is going to do after that terrible call from her big brother. will she go back to her family and pretend that everything is fine and dandy while dealing with the drama or continue following her own path with Liam?

}}

It’s a real dilemma for her and whatever she chooses comes at a cost. I wonder what Liam will say to it all too…

*336*2021-11-14 16:53

Chapter 184

Liam

The afternoon had went so well too and after talking to Andrew Watt in Chester and then Gareth my mind was focused on us getting safely to England overnight, getting picked up and driven to my aunt’s house and all the arrangements for Monday. I heard Megan’s mobile but to be honest my mind was on so many other things I wasn’t even listening. I dry my hands on the tea towel and get such a shock to see my girlfriend sitting on the floor sobbing, her baby sister crawling around without being supervised. I pick the baby up and sit on the floor beside Megan and put my arm around her, holding the child in my other arm. I have no idea who phoned her or what was said and the obvious question of ‘what’s up?’ just feels too insensitive right now, so I sit there silently while my heart aches for the woman I love.

Slowly, through tears and coughs and splutters she confesses it was her brother Shaun, the very man who happens to be my boss at the council. My experience of him so far has been firm but fair, and he did show compassion when I told him about my aunt’s death. However, I do recall him during the training days being quite exasperated that my drivers license still had my aunt’s address on and being very firm with the trainees about working through the training without breaks, even to go to the toilet. I’m desperate to ask what on earth he said but Megan is struggling to make sense as her breathing is laboured as she continues to sob deeply. I hold her into my chest hoping this at least brings her a little comfort as I reach into the nearby baby change bag and pass her some wipes for her nose.

We sit like this on the floor for what seems ages as the baby thankfully sits in my arms quietly. Eventually Megan is calm enough to talk as she tells me the gist of what was said to her by her brother. I’m finding it hard to take in as I’m not sure what my predominant thoughts and emotions truly are: anger, hatred, disgust or contempt for Shaun or heartbreak, despair and defensiveness towards Megan? One thing I do know for sure though, and that is that I do not want Megan or Yasmin to return to a family who think it appropriate to threaten, control and abuse like this. I desperately want to promise Megan that it will be ok, exactly like she did the time she found me at the side of St. Mary’s after a panic attack, but it just doesn’t seem right. It’s a promise I know I can’t keep. Keen to somehow make things better and fix things my mind begins racing with ideas of what to do.

“Do you want me to call him?”

“And say what exactly Liam?”

“Tell him you’re staying with me and so is Yasmin and that you are both coming to England with me tonight? Tell him to stop calling you? That you have a right to live your own life and he doesn’t own you? Remind him you are 22 not 2! Tell him to fuck off?”

Megan looks at me, her eyes red raw with tears and her cheeks streaked as a result of crying so much. In a whisper, that is as much through fear and intimidation than anything else, her words cry out to my heart through her pain,

“Maybe it would be better if I just went home.”

Lying the baby on her back on the carpet I hold both Megan’s hands in mine as I look deep into her eyes.

“Is that really what you want? I will never ever force you or control you. I know only too well what that is like, but what I will say is this: I love you Megan Murphy and I love Yasmin too. I want you both to come to England with me tonight then to stay here with me in this flat as long as you want. I want you both to be a part of my life. If you want to go back to your family then I totally understand, and I will let you go because I love you both too much to hurt you or force you. But know this too; letting you both go will break my heart. Thinking of Yasmin being parted from you, never seeing her grow up, walk or even talk tears me apart. I can’t even begin to imagine what losing her would do to you. Megan, it’s not your fault your mum is sick and it’s not your responsibility to look after her or your brothers. I know you love them but sometimes love means letting go of people…”

I don’t know where the words are coming from but it feels more like my heart speaking than my mouth as I have to stop as tears blind me and I edge closer and hold Megan in my arms as her sobs and mine amalgamate together in a deep complex mix of grief, fear, loss and love, the baby rolling in front of us and pressing her hands on the carpet preparing to crawl but then falling onto her front as if her arms can no longer carry her weight. Megan watches her closely as we both expect her to cry but instead her little arms bend again and her hands return to the carpet as she once again pushes her head up and bends her knees, this time managing to crawl right towards me as her face beams in pride at her achievement.

I still don’t know what Megan will decide but instinctively I cheer the little baby on as she crawls right into my arms as I pick her up, kiss her and cuddle her in.

“What a little star you are Yasmin Murphy. An absolute sunshine and I’m so proud of you, baby. What a clever cookie. I love you sweetheart.”

*338*2021-11-14 21:57

{{22 minutes ago, warham1995 said:

This story is really long not that i am complaining!

}}

I hope it isn’t getting boring though! Thanks for sticking with it

*342*2021-11-15 10:02

Chapter 185

Megan

I can’t stop the tears no matter how hard I try. The guilt of being the one home with my mam when she tried killing herself, the sneaking behind my family’s back seeing Liam, the suddenness of walking away from my family, the pain of being excluded, forgotten and ignored by them for so long and the intimidation and threats of both dad earlier, and now my brother, combine into a huge complicated and complex mess in my mind and mean I can’t even find the words to talk to Liam and say why I am crying. Looking at my wonderful best friend as he sits on the floor comforting me I can’t imagine walking away from him, leaving him, rejecting him. In his arm is the baby I have brought up since the day she was born, the child who I bath, feed, clothe and talk to more than anyone else in my family. The reason I get up every morning and my motivation.

For a second I imagine my parents and siblings, some of whom are only just younger than Liam, sitting in place of Liam and thinking how they would be with Yasmin. Her own dad, who barely knows her, having never fed her, changed her or bathed her once in her 15 months of life. Her mam, who loves her and cares for her when it suits her but can just as easily abandon and neglect her at a moments notice. Shaun, who would secure her somewhere safe, like her buggy or car seat, ever the practical organiser in the family telling everyone where to go and what to do. Aisling, who would hold the baby but having left home before she was even born would be a stranger to her and neither would be comfortable.

Iain, who would hold the baby but his body stance would be more open, less emotionally attached and he’d never so much as look at a dirty nappy let alone offer to change one. Niamh, who would hold her sister but being more academic than practical it wouldn’t be natural for her and she’d be horrified at the thought of Yasmin having a learning disability. Theresa, who, of course, living with Yasmin would comfort her but past experience has shown that while she tries incredible hard it isn’t an age she feels naturally comfortable around and knowing what the baby needs when she can’t communicate has always been tricky for her. 

Anthony, who would hold his sister but would become anxious at her crying and wouldn’t yet have the experience to confidently hold her long or want to dress her or bath her. Rory, bless him, who would do his best to make her laugh, tickle her and play with her more than any of the others, but at only 10 lacks the capacity to grasp the implications of what the baby’s syndrome means both for the present and the future.

Then there’s Liam, sitting right beside me holding Yasmin securely and lovingly in his hands, talking to her as he would any other baby, offering to care for her even when it’s dirty and hard, playing with her, feeding her, and bonding with her in such a caring way. Being the father the baby has never ever known.

I confess quietly the basics of what my brother said on the phone to me as I watch Liam’s face whiten in shock and horror. At first I feel his anger, his desire to protect me, his outrage. Then his words seem to soften, tinged with emotion and heavy with passion as he actually gives me permission to return to my family! I can hardly make out his facial features as my vision blurs with tears once more as he continues speaking directly to me in love and deep affection. It’s a moment of clarity, reality and truth that cuts deep into my heart and soul. I’ve only ever known the love of my family, a love I always thought was pure and came with no strings attached. A love I always thought I could rely on. Yet now I have this new love; an intimacy, a passion, a genuine care and interest in me that I’ve never experienced, a commitment and trust and sexual attraction that surpasses that of anything I’ve ever known.

Do I risk keeping all that and losing my family or returning to the only place I’ve ever called home, to my dad who says he loves me but who couldn’t tell you my date of birth or favourite colour, to my mam who blames me for making her sick and who is so ashamed of me that she lies to people and forces me out my own, and to my brothers ,who adore me but need me to be their mam more than their sister? Do I get on a bus to Belfast and sail to England or go to the chapel I see as my second home on Palm Sunday and sit where I have sat since I was Yasmin’s age to take part in the prayers, singing and Eucharist that are fundamental to my Catholic faith?

I watch my baby sister roll over on the carpet and try to pull her little body up, her low muscle tone causing her weak arms to fail her as her body plops back to the carpet. As she tries again, this time actually not only pulling her body up but to moving forwards too I smile and wonder if her movements are a sign from God. I left home with my sister feeling like I was on my back left to flounder and trying to right myself. Going to chapel to pray then visiting Mrs Clements in the charity shop both help me roll over and feel stronger.

I feel my hands are on firmer ground making love to Liam but then returning home leaves me collapsed once again on my front struggling to even hold my own head up. But Yasmin doesn’t give up, she tries again, she shows courage and determination. She knows where she needs to go and despite her weakness she pushed on through, not only moving to where she wants to be but being celebrated and awarded by crawling into the arms of someone who embraces her, adores her and cheers her on. Her innocent laughter, her arms flung wide in abandoned unhindered love, her beautiful smile, all give me the answer I need as I bow my head and whisper ‘thank you God’ as my eyes meet Liam’s and I know what my decision has to be.

“I’d better wash my face and get these bags under the buggy, the three of us have a bus to be catching incase you’d forgotten.”

Liam stands up still holding my sister as he reaches his hand down to help me up before pulling me in for a long embrace and a loving kiss.

“I love you Megan. Never ever forget that.”

*344*2021-11-15 16:37

Chapter 186

Liam

I feel an urgency that we didn’t have before, not because we are late or anything but because I am scared at any moment that Megan might change her mind. I need her and Yasmin on the bus out of Bangor and then on the boat to England before I will be able to relax. It wasn’t meant to be like this. I feel like I am tearing her away from her family and that breaks me, but equally I know that going back would send her back to a life of hurt and imprisonment, a life of being devalued, forgotten and taken advantage of.

With the bags all now in my small hallway beside the buggy I sit the baby with her coat on into the car seat on the buggy and leave Megan to strap her safely in. I carefully hold the bottom of the buggy while Megan grips the handles as we gently lower the buggy down my front steps and outside into the cool evening air. I return inside handing Megan the baby bag out which she slides over the handles, a carrier bag which she puts in the buggy basket underneath, and then I help her put her backpack on her back while I carry my hold-all and then lock my front door. We walk the short distance to the bus stop as we wait quietly for the 203 bus to arrive. I glance down at Yasmin, her eyes wide open as she takes in everything going and I wonder if this is her first time ever going out at night and going on a bus. I know it’ll be her first time on a ferry for sure and definitely her first ever time leaving Ireland.

“Have you been on a ferry before Megan?”

“No. I was just thinking will I need to wear a life jacket?”

“No, thankfully. When we get off the bus there’s a short walk to the port. They don’t let you on until they have done all their checks and things then they check tickets and you go up a covered ramp into the ferry. It feels weird but once on board you forget you are on a boat, well at least I did. There is a safely announcement before you leave saying what to do in an emergency and where the life jackets and dinghies are but it’s really safe and I’m hoping we sleep through most of it. You ok?”

“Just nervous.”

I reach out and pull her towards me, wrapping my arm over her shoulders, but then I see the bus approaching and remove my arm so I can put my hand out to signal the bus to stop. The floor is lowered to let the buggy on easily and I am delighted to see just how accessible the bus is as Megan pushes her sister into an area reserved for prams and we sit together facing the baby. I take Megan’s backpack off her and place both the bags in a luggage area as the bus pulls away and we head towards the high street and then onto the A20. I hold Megan’s hand firmly as we both gaze out the window at the beautiful sun set as we travel out of Bangor and away from her home and all that she’s ever known.

As we build up speed on the quiet A road I watch Yasmin as despite the late hour her eyes scan all around the bus as if trying to process what’s going on. She’s content and comfortable and for the first time I properly look at the buggy in more detail.

“So does that seat clip off? Is that like a buggy seat under it?”

Megan looks at the buggy and then me.

“Yes. The bit Yasmin is sitting in just now is a first size car seat. It clicks onto the frame and if you then wanted her to go in a car you just unclip the seat and take that into the car. Then the buggy part folds down. It came with a carry cot too for a younger baby. Mrs Clements kept that bit at the back of the shop. She said I could get it if I ever wanted it but Yasmin much prefers to sit up now. These things are amazing though. I saw mums with them at St. Christopher’s school before and I always thought they looked brilliant. Very expensive though because they grow with your baby from newborn right until toddler. Once they outgrow the car seat bit you take that off and just use the buggy underneath.”

“Wasn’t the buggy at your parents like this then?”

“Oh goodness no! That’s just a cheap buggy mam got for Rory when he was a toddler. Dad had stuck it in the garage planning to dump it one day so when mam found she was having Yasmin he just dusted it down for her. For a long time I had to use the sling though as there was no neck support or anything in the buggy. It didn’t even lie flat and it wasn’t even suitable until Yasmin was 6 months. You’re really meant to use a pram for a tiny baby, or one of these travel systems with the carry cot bit. Thankfully Yasmin was small and light so using the sling was ok. It was only ever me that took Yasmin anywhere, unless mam was having a good day and took a notion to take her out. Once she stopped sleeping so much and became more aware and curious mam stopped taking her anywhere though. She hated to think anyone might see she had Downs.”

“That’s sad. Though I still can’t get over you getting this for free you know. I love the black and gold colour.”

“Me too. Though it’s not just the buggy is it? You got that suit from Father Reilly, and the shoes. I still can’t figure the shoes out can you?”

“No. Such a perfect fit too. So few people know my address too. And I don’t think even you know my shoe size? I asked Gareth but he’s the sort to just give me money and it obviously wasn’t you. I wonder if we’ll ever find out who that was?”

Megan shrugs as she rests her head on the window of the bus looking tired.

“You ok?”

“Just tired. And thinking of Rory and Anthony.”

I reach for her hand again holding it tight as I take my coat off and put it over her as a makeshift blanket as the only lights are those in the distance outside or the dim ones inside the bus as I hope that everything will work out when we all need to come back to Bangor and get back to reality. Just thinking of England and going back to my aunt’s house without her there, going to her church that I always told her as a hormonal teenager ‘wasn’t my thing’, and having to sort out all her things, feels so heavy and hard.

I’m just glad I’m not doing it all alone, even if Megan has got so much going on in her own life too.

*345*2021-11-16 09:20

Chapter 187

Megan

Sitting in the warm bus late at night in the dark makes me feel so tired and, combined with the emotionally exhaustion from my earlier breakdown, I find my eyes closing easily. I feel Liam’s coat over me as I rest my head on the bus window and nap, only waking when Liam calls my name to say we have finally reached Belfast port.

The port is surprisingly busy as we follow signs to the ferry terminal and join a long queue of foot passengers. Through the large windows I can see lines and lines of vehicles waiting to board and for a moment I wonder how on earth the boat can carry such weight and still float. As we wait to get our tickets checked Liam points to a nearby vending machine asking if I am thirsty. I nod and he leaves me in the queue with the buggy while he heads over and returns with two bottles of water.

“I thought fizzy juice at this time of night might keep us awake.”

I open the bottle, with some effort, and by the time the line starts moving I have about half of it drank. I sit it in the basket under the buggy as the line moves and, just like Liam described on the bus, I have to push the buggy up a long winding covered ramp and over a bump into the huge ferry. It seems more like a cruise ship in size as the signs point to cabins, shops, a restaurant and lounges. A member of staff stops me to say that there are certain areas where young children aren’t allowed and then Liam shows her our booking on his phone and she directs us to our own private cabin.

I honestly can’t believe my eyes when Liam unlocks the cabin door. Inside looks like what I would imagine a 5 star hotel bedroom to look like with a large double bed, our own en-suite, a desk and chair with a kettle and a basket with tea, coffee, sugar and milk and a travel cot against the wall. Looking around I even see a small fridge and when I open it there’s four bottles of mineral water inside. I had hoped Yasmin might have fallen asleep but the noise of the queue and the unfamiliar sounds and smells of the ferry have all kept her awake, though her eyes are heavy and she’s now crying with over tiredness. I pick her out the buggy and push it to the side as I take off my backpack and put it down. Liam continues to explore the room and at the end of the bed he finds storage drawers where he slides our luggage to make more room. He takes my coat from me and I take Yasmin’s off but just as the baby’s crying is calming she starts louder again as a loud announcement startles us all.

The fright caused by the announcement makes me need the toilet but I am also compelled to wait in the room and listen just in case any emergency might occur. I try my utmost to settle my sister so I can hear and I pace the room holding her in my arms as Liam sits on the seat listening intently too. It seems to go on for ages and the more the voice talks the more I realise that I really will need to use the en-suite very soon. Finally the announcement ends with ‘thank you for travelling with StelaLine tonight. We hope you have a pleasant journey and we look forward to seeing you again.” The moment the voice stops Yasmin goes quiet as if she’s trying to work out what just happened.

“Do you want anything to eat Megan? I’m not sure if you heard but the restaurant is closing at 11pm. It’s already twenty to now How about we go see what they have before it closes?”

I really want to ask if he’ll take Yasmin for me so I can use the toilet but he’s now standing holding the cabin door open and since I assume there will be toilets in the restaurant I pick up my purse from the front pocket of my backpack and follow him out the cabin. We follow signs to the restaurant, though it feels like the entire ferry has thought the same as us as bodies head en mass in the direction of food. Anxious not to lose sight of Liam I walk as quickly as I can and we soon find ourselves in yet another queue.I’m regretting not having been to the toilet in the cabin already, though the smell of toast, sausages, beans, bacon and eggs does make me feel a little hungry. It feels like an eternity ago that I made dinner for us all and incredibly Yasmin is beady eyed and wide awake and looking around at all the people, probably the biggest crowd she’s seen in her whole life.

The queue moves slowly and I move from foot to foot anxiously hoping that not only do we reach the counter before it closes for the night but that we get served efficiently so that I can find a toilet. Liam must be hungry as he’s so focussed on looking around to see what’s on offers that he doesn’t seem to notice my movements or even the fact I am now biting my lip. Eventually we reach the front of the queue but due to closing soon only a limited number of items are available. I order a cup of tea and a simple bowl of porridge thinking I can maybe share some of the porridge with my sister and Liam orders himself a coffee and some scrambled egg on toast. I follow Liam, who is carrying the tray carefully, to a free table and we sit down, me holding Yasmin on my knee.

“I bet this won’t be anything like as amazing as your scrambled egg on toast. I think the bus ride has made me hungry though. I don’t usually eat at this time of night. Are you ok with Yasmin or would you like me to see if I can find a high chair?”

I don’t want Liam’s food going cold so I tell him it’s fine and stir the porridge before blowing on a small amount to cool it for Yasmin. The whole time I can’t help looking around to see if I can find a ladies toilet. Yasmin pulls a face at first with the first spoon of porridge but after that she turns her head towards the table looking for more. I bounce the leg she isn’t sitting on as I feel my body getting more and more uncomfortable reminding me quite urgently that I need to find a toilet. Liam is happily eating his supper as I wriggle on the seat in front of him as I decide to tell him of my difficulty.

“Do you think you could maybe take Yasmin for me a minute? I need to find a ladies somewhere. I was going to go in the cabin before we left but then I didn’t want to miss the restaurant closing.”

“Can you wait until I’ve eaten this? I’m almost done sweetheart, I promise. It’ll be easier as I can’t cut the toast with Yasmin on my knee. I have no idea how you multitask like you do.”

I don’t really want to wait but I do appreciate his point, and besides I don’t even know where the toilets are. I offer Yasmin some more porridge and she takes a few more spoons before turning her head away. I wish I had brought the baby bag with me to be able to wipe her face but i know we’ll be back in the cabin soon. I eat some of the warm porridge myself and sip at my tea but I’m restless and nervous and increasingly anxious to find a loo. Thankfully Liam is just eating the last of his food as I stand up ready to hand him the baby, fidgeting from foot to foot and looking around everywhere for any signs of toilets. As Liam finally puts his cutlery down and puts his arms out for my little sister I ask if he knows where any toilets are.

“Only ones I’ve seen so far were in our cabin. Do you want to go back there if you’ve finished?”

“I think that might be better. I have to go bad!”

Liam stands up holding Yasmin as we head around tables and back the way we came following signs to the deluxe cabins and back to our room and a toilet for me at last.

*346*2021-11-16 18:06

Chapter 188

Liam

It doesn’t matter how tired I am, how late at night it is or even where I am, hearing Megan say she has to pee badly never fails to have a sexual effect on me. However I also love her deeply and I would far rather she was in the mood and we were alone so I am more than happy to return to the cabin. It isn’t too far from the restaurant, thankfully on the same level too, and I unlock the door one handed while carrying Yasmin as Megan comes in behind me heading immediately for the en-suite. I can’t help enjoying her movements from behind as my body desires hers greatly and isn’t refraining from showing it!

It takes me a moment to realise that Megan is still standing there and the door is still closed. She turns looking at me as she grabs openly between her legs.

“I can’t get the door open Liam!”

I take a few steps towards her and try the best I can, still holding the baby. I can’t get it to open either so I put the baby on the bed and try using both hands. Megan is now openly squirming, the baby is crying and my hard on is rubbing against my jeans! I pull the handle back up, push the door in and try again, finally getting it open as Megan rushes in.

“Whatever you do Liam don’t close that door! I don’t want stuck in here!”

I instinctively pick up the baby again, rocking her gently and singing to her in the hope it calms her as I watch in awe as Megan pulls up her skirt, pulls down her thin tights and pants and pees loudly in the toilet. I can’t help but stare at her face watching it change from tense, worried and stressed to pure relief, joy and happiness.

“Oh God this feels amazing! I thought you’d never finish your scrambled egg and toast! I was bursting sitting in that restaurant! Oh how good does it feel to pee when you really need to go! I feel so much better now.”

I know she’s probably not in the mood, and Yasmin is still so unsettled, but God do I fancy her and fuck does watching her pee like that and seeing her face change make me horny as hell.

“It feels just as good watching you babe. You should see what you’ve done to me again!”

Fucking hell, like watching her pee isn’t enough she then goes and casually almost makes me cum by commenting conversationally as she wipes herself and sorts her clothing,

“You can watch me pee anytime you like Liam. In fact I quite enjoy you watching me actually.”

My back is holding the door open as I feel Yasmin finally cuddling in to my body, her breathing slowing. Megan dries her hands and walks towards me.

“I think we should somehow wedge that door open don’t you? I wouldn’t want either of us having an accident if it got stuck again. I mean I might enjoy that if we didn’t need to get up so early in the morning. Here, I better take Yasmin and get her changed for bed before she falls asleep on you. She’s so out of routine now. I just hope she sleeps through because I don’t know about you but I’m so exhausted. Do you think there’s anywhere her milk could be warmed?”

When Megan takes her sister I very carefully let the door go without it closing properly then I drag over the chair and wedge the door wide open with it. As Megan opens the storage at the end of the bed and digs in her backpack for one of the baby’s all in one cotton things she sleep in and a nappy and wipes from the changing bag I walk up to her and get the babies bottle of milk from the same bag and offer to go and see if I can warm it anywhere.

I head back to the now closed restaurant and thankfully I notice a table with a microwave and what I think might be some gadget for warming bottles. Unsure how to work the gadget I opt for the microwave and manage to warm the milk to a point I think it should be ok for the baby. I return to the cabin to find Megan has stripped to just her knickers and she’s sitting with her back against the headboard of the bed nursing the baby in her arms. I hand her the milk and she offers it to Yasmin as I look in awe at the two woman who make my life complete.

“Do you mind turning the main light off Liam? I’m hoping to settle her to sleep as it’s 11:30pm already!”

“Sure.”

I undo and step out my jeans, pull off my socks and shoes, then undo and take off my shirt, leaving only my boxer shorts on as I turn off the main light and head towards the bed.

“Honey, would you mind getting my bottle of water from under the buggy. I couldn’t finish my tea earlier as I had to pee so badly.”

I get the bottle for Megan and get one out the fridge for myself, placing them on the bedside table my side of the bed then using the toilet and getting into bed. I sit up beside Megan as the dim wall lamp over the bed lights up Yasmin’s little body in such a way that she looks like an angel in Megan’s arms.

“It feels so weird going to bed without doing my prayers you know.”

“You pray every night?”

“Yeah. I read my Bible too. I brought my Bible and rosary with me but until this little one falls asleep properly I can’t really read or pray.”

“You might not believe this but I’ve been reading the Bible every night before bed too, ever since your priest gave me one after chapel on Sunday. I’m afraid I haven’t read much and I keep reading the sane bit a lot. I don’t really understand it all but it is beautiful.”

“You know that really means such a lot to me. What bit have you been reading then?”

“Just a bit the priest read to me on Sunday after you left and I’d been crying. I had to google it as I didn’t even know how to spell it. Psalm 23. I brought the Bible with me too.”

“Oh that’s one of my favourite Psalms. Quite fitting for an overnight ferry too. He leadeth me besides quiet waters…”

Megan puts the baby’s bottle by her bed as she gently carries Yasmin over to her travel cot, lies her in it carefully and tucks her in. As I watch her in the faded light come back to bed I hand her her water as she starts reciting quietly something so familiar and beautiful.

“The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want…”

I close my eyes and bow my head as I find my mouths suddenly saying the words along with her, the nights of reading it over and over having caused me to clearly know it better than I even realise. Our voices join together seamlessly just as I recall the congregation doing at mass in St.Mary’s on Sunday.

“He make the me lie down in green pastures. He leadeth me besides still waters. He restores my soul. He leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for his name’s sake. Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me, thy rod and thy staff they comfort me. Thou preparest a table before me, in the presence of mine enemies, thou anointest my head with oil, my cup runneth over. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever. Amen”

I feel my eyes filling as Megan reaches over and hugs me, kissing me sweetly on my cheek.

“That was beautiful. Night Liam. I love you.”

“Night Megan honey, I love you too.”

I kiss her forehead as she drinks some of her water then snuggles under the duvet. I set my phone alarm for 5:30am, plug it in to charge, drink some of my own bottled water then lie under the covers too.

I’ll wake up in England, the country I left as a battered, scared man who felt he had no hope and who was running away, as I return just months later to the sane town with a beautiful lady I adore, a new found faith and even a child that isn’t mine but who I love as if she were.

If only aunt Ella could see me now. If only she was still alive…

*347*2021-11-17 09:55

Chapter 189

Megan

I sleep fitfully, waking to drink some more water and check on Yasmin twice during the night. I’m still very tired when Liam’s phone alarm goes off as I get out of bed and head to the open bathroom as I see Liam standing smiling at me as I sit on the toilet in just my underpants.

“Now that’s a beautiful sight to wake up to! Good morning.”

I look up seeing his obvious hard on and smiling. As much as I’d happily get back into bed with him for some cuddles I know realistically that we don’t have time. I turn the shower on, thankful for the complimentary shower gel and shampoo meaning I don’t have to dig into my bag for mine, as I step out my knickers and step into the shower cubicle while Liam watches.

“Shit. I woke bursting for a piss a moment ago but there’s no way I can pee now. Can I join you?”

I smile and open the cubicle door as my boyfriend steps out his trunks, revealing his long hard penis, as I use my hands to beckon him to join me. I’ve never in my life shared a shower with anyone but I can’t help feeling excited and happy when Liam steps in beside me, holding my naked body next to his and kissing me deeply while warm water runs down both our bodies. His hands move from my hair down to my neck, gently caressing my back while one hand moves lower feeling and exploring my bottom. He pulls his mouth away as I see his wet hair dripping down his face.

“Shit! This water is making me need to piss again so bad!”

I smile and giggle as he grabs his erect dick squeezing it and pushing it in-between his legs as he squirms beside me. I pick up the shower gel and put some on my hands, rubbing it into his warm wet body. As our bodies get closer again I talk over the noise of the water.

“Can you wait until we’ve both finished showering?”

“I can try. God it’s bad though! I can’t promise I won’t leak.”

I smile and continue washing his body, taking my time rubbing shower gel into his back, his arms, his legs and all over his testicles and erect penis as his legs squirm and his penis rises and shakes. He grabs and squeezes himself crossing his naked legs tightly as I put the shower gel back and pick up the shampoo.

“Oh fuck. I think I’m going to burst honey. Please hurry up!”

Contrary to his request I take my time squeezing the small shampoo container into my hand, rubbing my hands together in the warm water then asking Liam to bend forwards so I can wash his hair. Lathering the shampoo into his scalp I deliberately massage slowly and purposefully as I hear him moan and squirm around.

“You really need to stand still if you can please honey.”

“I can’t babe. I’m honestly going to lose it.”

I ignore him and carry on rinsing the shampoo out of his hair secretly becoming extremely turned on at the naked wet man in front of me who so urgently has to empty his bladder.

“Fuck! It’s coming!”

It’s not as easy to see against the clear warm water of the shower but seeing Liam’s face, his tense body stance, and hearing his moans, it’s obvious he has squirted some pee into the shower. I’m now so horny for him that I can’t help but grab him and kiss him as my hand fondles his warm testicles and strokes his long wonderful penis. Liam, at first, embraces the kiss, his tongue exploring and entering my throat willingly, but then suddenly he leans back against the glass cubicle, struggling to steady himself, as this time I clearly see urine surge from his member in another long spurt.

The water from the shower is pouring down my back and shoulders but mostly avoiding Liam as my eyes catch Liam’s and I see just how longing and desperate his whole body is. I pull his hands away from his own body as I take his penis in my own hand, aiming it at my own naked body, as Liam’s ability to hold back reaches its crescendo and I feel his warm urine soaking my stomach, my legs, and as I guide his penis more, even my breasts and nipples, as I giggle at the naughtiness of our behaviour.

Seeing Liam’s face is unbelievably sexy as his jaw relaxes, his eyes close in complete relaxation and his lips tremble a little from the thrill of what is happening. Finally his penis stops pouring out liquid as I let it go and use the shower gel to wash my own body as Liam opens his eyes, returns his hands to his own anatomy and starts immediately stroking himself as he watches me standing naked right in front of him as I wash between my legs, under my breasts and all down my legs and arms as he masterbates himself within touching distance of me.

As I return the shower gel to the shower shelf and pick up the shampoo I already know what’s about to happen as I pretend I am alone and wash my hair like normal. Liam’s moans are driving me crazy though as I rinse my hair and see that his hand is now stroking faster and more enthusiastically than before as I smile at him and turn the shower off as I scrunch my hair together and squeeze water out it, splashing drips onto Liam’s large penis just as it explodes with semen. As I go to open the shower door and step onto the towel on the floor I glance back at my boyfriend who is looking at me sheepishly and shyly.

“Sorry about that babe. I think I need to learn more self control I’m afraid.”

His words remind me of something similar that Father Reilly said to me in confession as I try to think what he told me once when I confessed that I’d wet myself in the launderette.

“God made us all with needs Liam. We’re only human…and besides I happened to love every minute! I really don’t think we need to have self control when it’s just us…though loads of Catholics believe you shouldn’t have sex before marriage. I used to believe that too would you believe.”

As Liam steps out the shower too and we both dry our wet bodies Liam looks at me as he rubs his wet hair with the towel.

“So what changed?”

I giggle, as if the answer isn’t blatantly obvious.

“I met you. That’s what.”

*348*2021-11-17 16:16

Chapter 190

Liam

Ever since my teenage years I have woken with a hard on so it’s no surprise to me when I wake in the ferry next to my beautiful Megan and my penis is erect. However, I also wake every morning needing to use the bathroom and as I watch Megan walk around the bed towards the en-suite I can’t help but follow her as I really need to use the toilet badly. With the door to the bathroom wedged open by the chair I get a birds eye view of Megan as she rushes towards the toilet wearing nothing but her knickers and then turns, pulling them down quickly before sitting down. The only thing I love seeing as much as Megan desperate to pee is her actually peeing and here I am staring right at her first thing in the morning! For a split second I think I am actually in heaven! The only problem now is that my raging hard on is so intense I can’t actually pee!

I stare at Megan in awe as she then flushes the loo, washes her hands and then pulls the shower door open and steps in. Something suddenly comes over me and I ask her if I can join her. Incredibly Megan seems as horny as I am as we kiss lovingly and deeply while the hot water covers our bodies keeping us warm and wet together. I could easily fuck Megan right in the shower cubicle but there’s one serious thing preventing that…the water running over my body, and especially so on my most tender sensitive areas is suddenly reminding my body that I urgently need to pee and I ought to go right NOW! I have to pull away from Megan’s embrace as my actions are probably already making it very obvious that I am seconds away from pissing myself.

I can barely believe my ears when she asks if I can wait until we are finished showering. Oh my God has she any idea how torturous that idea is? I’m literally drying to go and I can’t even stand up straight! I squirm and fidget like a man possessed as Megan entices and seduces me by washing my naked body, the touch of her hands on my skin turning me to putty in her hands. When she moves onto washing my hair I have to squeeze myself so much I’m afraid I’ll bruise the end of my dick as she massages the shampoo so leisurely it’s like she’s in slow motion. Regardless how much I squirm and squeeze I just can’t stop a decent size squirt shooting out as I do my utmost to keep holding back. Seconds later though I can no longer bear the pain and the pressure as I stumble back against the wall of the shower as I close my eyes, tense every muscle in my body and concentrate hard as my body convulses and my penis twitches as urine rushes down the length of my urethra and out of the tip of my penis.

Megan appears to be loving every minute as she steps closer towards me, pulling my hands off my erect dick and taking full control of where I fire. My entire body shakes in intense desire and need as she sprays her legs, her stomach, and even her generous naked breasts and nipples with my warm output as I can’t even form words I am in such a state of bliss. Incredibly I have emptied my bladder whilst being hard and horny, something I ordinarily find very tricky. The utter relief I feel is heavenly but is instantly replaced by such a strong desperate need to cum that I feel lightheaded.

I open my eyes and see the sexiest, most gorgeous, naked woman in front of me within arms reach washing her own body so seductively I am shaking with sexual need for her. I can’t stop stroking myself, edging closer to ejaculation with every second. I’ve never desired a woman more my entire life. I can’t stop, not while she’s rubbing her nipples like she is and flicking her wet hair under the water to rinse it. The intensity in which I cum takes me breath away as Megan casually wrings her hair out like I am not even there!

Then immediately Megan steps out the shower I feel awful. She doesn’t deserve what I just did. She was only trying to wash so we can get dressed and off the ferry! Why can’t I ever have any self control around Megan Murphy? I apologise but she doesn’t appear to be upset at all, in fact quite the opposite, as she thanks me before wrapping her hair in a towel and heading back into the bedroom to find clothes. Meanwhile I am left gawping at her, especially when she says that she used to believe in no sex before marriage but changed her mind just because she met me.

I’ve never felt so special, so loved, and so happy. I dig out some clean underwear but put on the same clothes as yesterday to save me unfolding my suit and shirt. I notice Megan has the same skirt and top on from yesterday too making me feel much better about my clothing. I notice Megan looking for a hairdryer so I help her look, finding one in a cupboard near the bathroom. The sound of the dryer wakes Yasmin so I pick her up and hold her because she seems quick upset. Megan turns the dryer off suggesting I wrap the baby in a blanket and open the bedroom door that leads out directly onto the deck. I do as she suggests and while I am on the deck with Yasmin I can faintly hear the dryer behind me.

The view is so stunning as I talk to Yasmin pointing out the other boats and the birds and the colours of the sky as the most wonderful sunrise takes my breath away. I stand there in awe dancing around the small private decking area as I find myself so caught in the moment that I start quietly singing to the baby in my arms.

“You are my sunshine, my only sunshine…”

Yasmin is smiling all cosy and wrapped in the blanket as Megan steps out to join us.

“Oh my goodness Liam! How awesome are those colours! This is the first time I’ve ever seen a sunrise out at sea. It’s way more beautiful and romantic than I ever imagined it would be.”

I step nearer Megan, wrapping my arm around her with the baby in the other, as the three of us stand staring out to sea in total awe and amazement at the stunning sunrise on our first ever morning together in England.

Maybe it’s a sign that everything is going to turn out good. I really hope so. After everything Megan has been through she’s more than due some pleasure and happiness in her life. As long as that includes me I’ll be the happiest man alive.

*349*2021-11-18 09:47

Chapter 191

Megan

I know how distressed loud noise make Yasmin and how she’s always hates hoovers and hairdryers but unfortunately I do need to dry my hair. Thankfully Liam is happy to help as I suggest he wraps the baby in a blanket and takes her onto the deck just while I dry my hair. Thankfully the hairdryer is powerful and I blast my hair on the hottest setting until it’s dry enough to tie it up in a ponytail so that Yasmin isn’t outside too long getting cold. I open the door to the deck and I am absolutely blown away by the beauty that meets me. The stunning oranges and yellows against the blue and grey sky and the while clouds is breathtaking as it reflects on the open sea and it’s made even better by watching Liam dancing around the deck with my baby sister singing to her that she’s his sunshine. My smile is wide and my heart full as I step out to join them in the early hours of Sunday morning as I see land in the distance and realise we are almost in England.

“As stunning as this is Liam if we want breakfast before getting off the ferry I think we’d better get going.”

Liam kisses the top of my head as I lead the way back into the bedroom. I pick up my purse on way to the other door leading inside the ferry as I check Liam is following me as we walk together towards the restaurant. This time we only need to give our room number and name and Liam is handed a tray with two breakfasts and two empty mugs for us to help ourselves to drinks. I find a table and Liam sits with Yasmin while I find a high chair for her. I offer to take the mugs to get us both a coffee and I am delighted to see that there’s a jug of milk so I can fill a small disposable cup with some for the baby. As I arrive back Liam has already started eating and Yasmin is sitting expectantly in the high chair. Before I begin I cut some sausage into small pieces from my plate and put it on the high chair table and add my hash brown and half a slice of toast broken into manageable pieces. Liam looks at me as he sips his coffee.

“Make sure to leave yourself some honey!”

“I’ll be fine. But thank you.”

I eat what’s left of my breakfast as Yasmin happily munches into what’s on her table, squashing and squeezing the food in her little hands first as always. With some difficulty I manage to get her to sip some milk from the disposable cup that I hold as I make a mental note to remember to get her more to drink as soon as we are off the ferry. Someone walks past heading to another table as Liam nosies at what they have.

“Oh they had some fruit. Want me to see if I can see where they got that?”

I chuckle. “Go on then. You’d never know you had supper last night mister hollow legs.”

As he goes for a wander I look around at the huge restaurant, the large windows where the sea can be seen on all sides and the glass roof making the early morning sun shine onto the table. I feel so lucky, so blessed, so privileged, to be here yet at the same time I can’t stop thinking of my younger brothers back home. Will mam get up and cook them breakfast before chapel? Will she even be well enough to go herself, and if not who will stay home to look after her and keep her safe? I then suddenly remember what Shaun said to me the day before and I say a silent prayer in my mind that all will be ok when he goes to St. Mary’s and finds I am not there.

Liam returns with two croissants, a banana, an apple and a pear on a tray.

“Look what I found!”

“Wow! Did you need to pay for all that?”

“There was nothing to say you had to and everyone else was helping themselves.”

“I could get used to this eh!”

“Not too used to it Miss Murphy as I don’t think my wages will stretch to doing this that often.”

“Mine might just about cover this fruit! I don’t know about you but I feel so blessed that Father Reilly gave you the money for this.”

Liam bites into the apple smiling. “Me too. He’s quite a man that priest of yours.”

“He’s amazing isn’t he. It still feels strange to think this is Palm Sunday and here I am on a ferry at almost 6 in the morning eating breakfast while i’m approaching England with you instead of being home going to chapel with my family. I was just thinking of them there too. I wonder if mam will be well enough for chapel? Dad hates it if we are ill and can’t go. He’s paranoid everyone will ask about the missing person and he hates anyone prying in family business.”

As he peels the banana and puts some small pieces on the high chair table for Yasmin and I eat the croissant spread with butter and jam he looks at me meaningfully.

“Well he ain’t gonna be happy today then when it’s obvious you aren’t there. I mean he surely can’t expect you all to be there every single week of your life?”

“You obviously don’t know my dad. His faith is everything to him. Family comes second, well actually third above work really. He hated mam missing chapel even when she’d just given birth! The year Rory was born he had her waddling all the way to chapel for Easter Sunday even though anyone could see it was too much for her by then. Iain still talks about the time he was dragged along when he was really unwell with an ear infection and high temperature and he sobbed throughout mass.”

“That’s awful. My aunt went to church every week but even when I moved in with her she accepted that it was my choice and it wasn’t my thing. What will happen about you not being there this morning then?”

“ I guess I’ll find out soon enough.”

“Not much they can do if you are in England though.”

“That’s true, but when I go back they won’t let me forget in a hurry. Do you think we should get all our stuff ready? Everyone else seems to be leaving now and I still need to get this little one changed and dressed first.”

Liam checks his coffee is finished and then unclips Yasmin out her high chair.

“I hadn’t noticed the time. We’d better get a move on.”

&&

&&

&&

