Anything to Confess? - Page 14

Author: Mbgpeelover

*336*2021-11-14 16:53

Chapter 184

Liam

The afternoon had went so well too and after talking to Andrew Watt in Chester and then Gareth my mind was focused on us getting safely to England overnight, getting picked up and driven to my aunt’s house and all the arrangements for Monday. I heard Megan’s mobile but to be honest my mind was on so many other things I wasn’t even listening. I dry my hands on the tea towel and get such a shock to see my girlfriend sitting on the floor sobbing, her baby sister crawling around without being supervised. I pick the baby up and sit on the floor beside Megan and put my arm around her, holding the child in my other arm. I have no idea who phoned her or what was said and the obvious question of ‘what’s up?’ just feels too insensitive right now, so I sit there silently while my heart aches for the woman I love.

Slowly, through tears and coughs and splutters she confesses it was her brother Shaun, the very man who happens to be my boss at the council. My experience of him so far has been firm but fair, and he did show compassion when I told him about my aunt’s death. However, I do recall him during the training days being quite exasperated that my drivers license still had my aunt’s address on and being very firm with the trainees about working through the training without breaks, even to go to the toilet. I’m desperate to ask what on earth he said but Megan is struggling to make sense as her breathing is laboured as she continues to sob deeply. I hold her into my chest hoping this at least brings her a little comfort as I reach into the nearby baby change bag and pass her some wipes for her nose.

We sit like this on the floor for what seems ages as the baby thankfully sits in my arms quietly. Eventually Megan is calm enough to talk as she tells me the gist of what was said to her by her brother. I’m finding it hard to take in as I’m not sure what my predominant thoughts and emotions truly are: anger, hatred, disgust or contempt for Shaun or heartbreak, despair and defensiveness towards Megan? One thing I do know for sure though, and that is that I do not want Megan or Yasmin to return to a family who think it appropriate to threaten, control and abuse like this. I desperately want to promise Megan that it will be ok, exactly like she did the time she found me at the side of St. Mary’s after a panic attack, but it just doesn’t seem right. It’s a promise I know I can’t keep. Keen to somehow make things better and fix things my mind begins racing with ideas of what to do.

“Do you want me to call him?”

“And say what exactly Liam?”

“Tell him you’re staying with me and so is Yasmin and that you are both coming to England with me tonight? Tell him to stop calling you? That you have a right to live your own life and he doesn’t own you? Remind him you are 22 not 2! Tell him to fuck off?”

Megan looks at me, her eyes red raw with tears and her cheeks streaked as a result of crying so much. In a whisper, that is as much through fear and intimidation than anything else, her words cry out to my heart through her pain,

“Maybe it would be better if I just went home.”

Lying the baby on her back on the carpet I hold both Megan’s hands in mine as I look deep into her eyes.

“Is that really what you want? I will never ever force you or control you. I know only too well what that is like, but what I will say is this: I love you Megan Murphy and I love Yasmin too. I want you both to come to England with me tonight then to stay here with me in this flat as long as you want. I want you both to be a part of my life. If you want to go back to your family then I totally understand, and I will let you go because I love you both too much to hurt you or force you. But know this too; letting you both go will break my heart. Thinking of Yasmin being parted from you, never seeing her grow up, walk or even talk tears me apart. I can’t even begin to imagine what losing her would do to you. Megan, it’s not your fault your mum is sick and it’s not your responsibility to look after her or your brothers. I know you love them but sometimes love means letting go of people…”

I don’t know where the words are coming from but it feels more like my heart speaking than my mouth as I have to stop as tears blind me and I edge closer and hold Megan in my arms as her sobs and mine amalgamate together in a deep complex mix of grief, fear, loss and love, the baby rolling in front of us and pressing her hands on the carpet preparing to crawl but then falling onto her front as if her arms can no longer carry her weight. Megan watches her closely as we both expect her to cry but instead her little arms bend again and her hands return to the carpet as she once again pushes her head up and bends her knees, this time managing to crawl right towards me as her face beams in pride at her achievement.

I still don’t know what Megan will decide but instinctively I cheer the little baby on as she crawls right into my arms as I pick her up, kiss her and cuddle her in.

“What a little star you are Yasmin Murphy. An absolute sunshine and I’m so proud of you, baby. What a clever cookie. I love you sweetheart.”

*338*2021-11-14 21:57

{{22 minutes ago, warham1995 said:

This story is really long not that i am complaining!

}}

I hope it isn’t getting boring though! Thanks for sticking with it

*342*2021-11-15 10:02

Chapter 185

Megan

I can’t stop the tears no matter how hard I try. The guilt of being the one home with my mam when she tried killing herself, the sneaking behind my family’s back seeing Liam, the suddenness of walking away from my family, the pain of being excluded, forgotten and ignored by them for so long and the intimidation and threats of both dad earlier, and now my brother, combine into a huge complicated and complex mess in my mind and mean I can’t even find the words to talk to Liam and say why I am crying. Looking at my wonderful best friend as he sits on the floor comforting me I can’t imagine walking away from him, leaving him, rejecting him. In his arm is the baby I have brought up since the day she was born, the child who I bath, feed, clothe and talk to more than anyone else in my family. The reason I get up every morning and my motivation.

For a second I imagine my parents and siblings, some of whom are only just younger than Liam, sitting in place of Liam and thinking how they would be with Yasmin. Her own dad, who barely knows her, having never fed her, changed her or bathed her once in her 15 months of life. Her mam, who loves her and cares for her when it suits her but can just as easily abandon and neglect her at a moments notice. Shaun, who would secure her somewhere safe, like her buggy or car seat, ever the practical organiser in the family telling everyone where to go and what to do. Aisling, who would hold the baby but having left home before she was even born would be a stranger to her and neither would be comfortable.

Iain, who would hold the baby but his body stance would be more open, less emotionally attached and he’d never so much as look at a dirty nappy let alone offer to change one. Niamh, who would hold her sister but being more academic than practical it wouldn’t be natural for her and she’d be horrified at the thought of Yasmin having a learning disability. Theresa, who, of course, living with Yasmin would comfort her but past experience has shown that while she tries incredible hard it isn’t an age she feels naturally comfortable around and knowing what the baby needs when she can’t communicate has always been tricky for her. 

Anthony, who would hold his sister but would become anxious at her crying and wouldn’t yet have the experience to confidently hold her long or want to dress her or bath her. Rory, bless him, who would do his best to make her laugh, tickle her and play with her more than any of the others, but at only 10 lacks the capacity to grasp the implications of what the baby’s syndrome means both for the present and the future.

Then there’s Liam, sitting right beside me holding Yasmin securely and lovingly in his hands, talking to her as he would any other baby, offering to care for her even when it’s dirty and hard, playing with her, feeding her, and bonding with her in such a caring way. Being the father the baby has never ever known.

I confess quietly the basics of what my brother said on the phone to me as I watch Liam’s face whiten in shock and horror. At first I feel his anger, his desire to protect me, his outrage. Then his words seem to soften, tinged with emotion and heavy with passion as he actually gives me permission to return to my family! I can hardly make out his facial features as my vision blurs with tears once more as he continues speaking directly to me in love and deep affection. It’s a moment of clarity, reality and truth that cuts deep into my heart and soul. I’ve only ever known the love of my family, a love I always thought was pure and came with no strings attached. A love I always thought I could rely on. Yet now I have this new love; an intimacy, a passion, a genuine care and interest in me that I’ve never experienced, a commitment and trust and sexual attraction that surpasses that of anything I’ve ever known.

Do I risk keeping all that and losing my family or returning to the only place I’ve ever called home, to my dad who says he loves me but who couldn’t tell you my date of birth or favourite colour, to my mam who blames me for making her sick and who is so ashamed of me that she lies to people and forces me out my own, and to my brothers ,who adore me but need me to be their mam more than their sister? Do I get on a bus to Belfast and sail to England or go to the chapel I see as my second home on Palm Sunday and sit where I have sat since I was Yasmin’s age to take part in the prayers, singing and Eucharist that are fundamental to my Catholic faith?

I watch my baby sister roll over on the carpet and try to pull her little body up, her low muscle tone causing her weak arms to fail her as her body plops back to the carpet. As she tries again, this time actually not only pulling her body up but to moving forwards too I smile and wonder if her movements are a sign from God. I left home with my sister feeling like I was on my back left to flounder and trying to right myself. Going to chapel to pray then visiting Mrs Clements in the charity shop both help me roll over and feel stronger.

I feel my hands are on firmer ground making love to Liam but then returning home leaves me collapsed once again on my front struggling to even hold my own head up. But Yasmin doesn’t give up, she tries again, she shows courage and determination. She knows where she needs to go and despite her weakness she pushed on through, not only moving to where she wants to be but being celebrated and awarded by crawling into the arms of someone who embraces her, adores her and cheers her on. Her innocent laughter, her arms flung wide in abandoned unhindered love, her beautiful smile, all give me the answer I need as I bow my head and whisper ‘thank you God’ as my eyes meet Liam’s and I know what my decision has to be.

“I’d better wash my face and get these bags under the buggy, the three of us have a bus to be catching incase you’d forgotten.”

Liam stands up still holding my sister as he reaches his hand down to help me up before pulling me in for a long embrace and a loving kiss.

“I love you Megan. Never ever forget that.”

*344*2021-11-15 16:37

Chapter 186

Liam

I feel an urgency that we didn’t have before, not because we are late or anything but because I am scared at any moment that Megan might change her mind. I need her and Yasmin on the bus out of Bangor and then on the boat to England before I will be able to relax. It wasn’t meant to be like this. I feel like I am tearing her away from her family and that breaks me, but equally I know that going back would send her back to a life of hurt and imprisonment, a life of being devalued, forgotten and taken advantage of.

With the bags all now in my small hallway beside the buggy I sit the baby with her coat on into the car seat on the buggy and leave Megan to strap her safely in. I carefully hold the bottom of the buggy while Megan grips the handles as we gently lower the buggy down my front steps and outside into the cool evening air. I return inside handing Megan the baby bag out which she slides over the handles, a carrier bag which she puts in the buggy basket underneath, and then I help her put her backpack on her back while I carry my hold-all and then lock my front door. We walk the short distance to the bus stop as we wait quietly for the 203 bus to arrive. I glance down at Yasmin, her eyes wide open as she takes in everything going and I wonder if this is her first time ever going out at night and going on a bus. I know it’ll be her first time on a ferry for sure and definitely her first ever time leaving Ireland.

“Have you been on a ferry before Megan?”

“No. I was just thinking will I need to wear a life jacket?”

“No, thankfully. When we get off the bus there’s a short walk to the port. They don’t let you on until they have done all their checks and things then they check tickets and you go up a covered ramp into the ferry. It feels weird but once on board you forget you are on a boat, well at least I did. There is a safely announcement before you leave saying what to do in an emergency and where the life jackets and dinghies are but it’s really safe and I’m hoping we sleep through most of it. You ok?”

“Just nervous.”

I reach out and pull her towards me, wrapping my arm over her shoulders, but then I see the bus approaching and remove my arm so I can put my hand out to signal the bus to stop. The floor is lowered to let the buggy on easily and I am delighted to see just how accessible the bus is as Megan pushes her sister into an area reserved for prams and we sit together facing the baby. I take Megan’s backpack off her and place both the bags in a luggage area as the bus pulls away and we head towards the high street and then onto the A20. I hold Megan’s hand firmly as we both gaze out the window at the beautiful sun set as we travel out of Bangor and away from her home and all that she’s ever known.

As we build up speed on the quiet A road I watch Yasmin as despite the late hour her eyes scan all around the bus as if trying to process what’s going on. She’s content and comfortable and for the first time I properly look at the buggy in more detail.

“So does that seat clip off? Is that like a buggy seat under it?”

Megan looks at the buggy and then me.

“Yes. The bit Yasmin is sitting in just now is a first size car seat. It clicks onto the frame and if you then wanted her to go in a car you just unclip the seat and take that into the car. Then the buggy part folds down. It came with a carry cot too for a younger baby. Mrs Clements kept that bit at the back of the shop. She said I could get it if I ever wanted it but Yasmin much prefers to sit up now. These things are amazing though. I saw mums with them at St. Christopher’s school before and I always thought they looked brilliant. Very expensive though because they grow with your baby from newborn right until toddler. Once they outgrow the car seat bit you take that off and just use the buggy underneath.”

“Wasn’t the buggy at your parents like this then?”

“Oh goodness no! That’s just a cheap buggy mam got for Rory when he was a toddler. Dad had stuck it in the garage planning to dump it one day so when mam found she was having Yasmin he just dusted it down for her. For a long time I had to use the sling though as there was no neck support or anything in the buggy. It didn’t even lie flat and it wasn’t even suitable until Yasmin was 6 months. You’re really meant to use a pram for a tiny baby, or one of these travel systems with the carry cot bit. Thankfully Yasmin was small and light so using the sling was ok. It was only ever me that took Yasmin anywhere, unless mam was having a good day and took a notion to take her out. Once she stopped sleeping so much and became more aware and curious mam stopped taking her anywhere though. She hated to think anyone might see she had Downs.”

“That’s sad. Though I still can’t get over you getting this for free you know. I love the black and gold colour.”

“Me too. Though it’s not just the buggy is it? You got that suit from Father Reilly, and the shoes. I still can’t figure the shoes out can you?”

“No. Such a perfect fit too. So few people know my address too. And I don’t think even you know my shoe size? I asked Gareth but he’s the sort to just give me money and it obviously wasn’t you. I wonder if we’ll ever find out who that was?”

Megan shrugs as she rests her head on the window of the bus looking tired.

“You ok?”

“Just tired. And thinking of Rory and Anthony.”

I reach for her hand again holding it tight as I take my coat off and put it over her as a makeshift blanket as the only lights are those in the distance outside or the dim ones inside the bus as I hope that everything will work out when we all need to come back to Bangor and get back to reality. Just thinking of England and going back to my aunt’s house without her there, going to her church that I always told her as a hormonal teenager ‘wasn’t my thing’, and having to sort out all her things, feels so heavy and hard.

I’m just glad I’m not doing it all alone, even if Megan has got so much going on in her own life too.

*345*2021-11-16 09:20

Chapter 187

Megan

Sitting in the warm bus late at night in the dark makes me feel so tired and, combined with the emotionally exhaustion from my earlier breakdown, I find my eyes closing easily. I feel Liam’s coat over me as I rest my head on the bus window and nap, only waking when Liam calls my name to say we have finally reached Belfast port.

The port is surprisingly busy as we follow signs to the ferry terminal and join a long queue of foot passengers. Through the large windows I can see lines and lines of vehicles waiting to board and for a moment I wonder how on earth the boat can carry such weight and still float. As we wait to get our tickets checked Liam points to a nearby vending machine asking if I am thirsty. I nod and he leaves me in the queue with the buggy while he heads over and returns with two bottles of water.

“I thought fizzy juice at this time of night might keep us awake.”

I open the bottle, with some effort, and by the time the line starts moving I have about half of it drank. I sit it in the basket under the buggy as the line moves and, just like Liam described on the bus, I have to push the buggy up a long winding covered ramp and over a bump into the huge ferry. It seems more like a cruise ship in size as the signs point to cabins, shops, a restaurant and lounges. A member of staff stops me to say that there are certain areas where young children aren’t allowed and then Liam shows her our booking on his phone and she directs us to our own private cabin.

I honestly can’t believe my eyes when Liam unlocks the cabin door. Inside looks like what I would imagine a 5 star hotel bedroom to look like with a large double bed, our own en-suite, a desk and chair with a kettle and a basket with tea, coffee, sugar and milk and a travel cot against the wall. Looking around I even see a small fridge and when I open it there’s four bottles of mineral water inside. I had hoped Yasmin might have fallen asleep but the noise of the queue and the unfamiliar sounds and smells of the ferry have all kept her awake, though her eyes are heavy and she’s now crying with over tiredness. I pick her out the buggy and push it to the side as I take off my backpack and put it down. Liam continues to explore the room and at the end of the bed he finds storage drawers where he slides our luggage to make more room. He takes my coat from me and I take Yasmin’s off but just as the baby’s crying is calming she starts louder again as a loud announcement startles us all.

The fright caused by the announcement makes me need the toilet but I am also compelled to wait in the room and listen just in case any emergency might occur. I try my utmost to settle my sister so I can hear and I pace the room holding her in my arms as Liam sits on the seat listening intently too. It seems to go on for ages and the more the voice talks the more I realise that I really will need to use the en-suite very soon. Finally the announcement ends with ‘thank you for travelling with StelaLine tonight. We hope you have a pleasant journey and we look forward to seeing you again.” The moment the voice stops Yasmin goes quiet as if she’s trying to work out what just happened.

“Do you want anything to eat Megan? I’m not sure if you heard but the restaurant is closing at 11pm. It’s already twenty to now How about we go see what they have before it closes?”

I really want to ask if he’ll take Yasmin for me so I can use the toilet but he’s now standing holding the cabin door open and since I assume there will be toilets in the restaurant I pick up my purse from the front pocket of my backpack and follow him out the cabin. We follow signs to the restaurant, though it feels like the entire ferry has thought the same as us as bodies head en mass in the direction of food. Anxious not to lose sight of Liam I walk as quickly as I can and we soon find ourselves in yet another queue.I’m regretting not having been to the toilet in the cabin already, though the smell of toast, sausages, beans, bacon and eggs does make me feel a little hungry. It feels like an eternity ago that I made dinner for us all and incredibly Yasmin is beady eyed and wide awake and looking around at all the people, probably the biggest crowd she’s seen in her whole life.

The queue moves slowly and I move from foot to foot anxiously hoping that not only do we reach the counter before it closes for the night but that we get served efficiently so that I can find a toilet. Liam must be hungry as he’s so focussed on looking around to see what’s on offers that he doesn’t seem to notice my movements or even the fact I am now biting my lip. Eventually we reach the front of the queue but due to closing soon only a limited number of items are available. I order a cup of tea and a simple bowl of porridge thinking I can maybe share some of the porridge with my sister and Liam orders himself a coffee and some scrambled egg on toast. I follow Liam, who is carrying the tray carefully, to a free table and we sit down, me holding Yasmin on my knee.

“I bet this won’t be anything like as amazing as your scrambled egg on toast. I think the bus ride has made me hungry though. I don’t usually eat at this time of night. Are you ok with Yasmin or would you like me to see if I can find a high chair?”

I don’t want Liam’s food going cold so I tell him it’s fine and stir the porridge before blowing on a small amount to cool it for Yasmin. The whole time I can’t help looking around to see if I can find a ladies toilet. Yasmin pulls a face at first with the first spoon of porridge but after that she turns her head towards the table looking for more. I bounce the leg she isn’t sitting on as I feel my body getting more and more uncomfortable reminding me quite urgently that I need to find a toilet. Liam is happily eating his supper as I wriggle on the seat in front of him as I decide to tell him of my difficulty.

“Do you think you could maybe take Yasmin for me a minute? I need to find a ladies somewhere. I was going to go in the cabin before we left but then I didn’t want to miss the restaurant closing.”

“Can you wait until I’ve eaten this? I’m almost done sweetheart, I promise. It’ll be easier as I can’t cut the toast with Yasmin on my knee. I have no idea how you multitask like you do.”

I don’t really want to wait but I do appreciate his point, and besides I don’t even know where the toilets are. I offer Yasmin some more porridge and she takes a few more spoons before turning her head away. I wish I had brought the baby bag with me to be able to wipe her face but i know we’ll be back in the cabin soon. I eat some of the warm porridge myself and sip at my tea but I’m restless and nervous and increasingly anxious to find a loo. Thankfully Liam is just eating the last of his food as I stand up ready to hand him the baby, fidgeting from foot to foot and looking around everywhere for any signs of toilets. As Liam finally puts his cutlery down and puts his arms out for my little sister I ask if he knows where any toilets are.

“Only ones I’ve seen so far were in our cabin. Do you want to go back there if you’ve finished?”

“I think that might be better. I have to go bad!”

Liam stands up holding Yasmin as we head around tables and back the way we came following signs to the deluxe cabins and back to our room and a toilet for me at last.

*346*2021-11-16 18:06

Chapter 188

Liam

It doesn’t matter how tired I am, how late at night it is or even where I am, hearing Megan say she has to pee badly never fails to have a sexual effect on me. However I also love her deeply and I would far rather she was in the mood and we were alone so I am more than happy to return to the cabin. It isn’t too far from the restaurant, thankfully on the same level too, and I unlock the door one handed while carrying Yasmin as Megan comes in behind me heading immediately for the en-suite. I can’t help enjoying her movements from behind as my body desires hers greatly and isn’t refraining from showing it!

It takes me a moment to realise that Megan is still standing there and the door is still closed. She turns looking at me as she grabs openly between her legs.

“I can’t get the door open Liam!”

I take a few steps towards her and try the best I can, still holding the baby. I can’t get it to open either so I put the baby on the bed and try using both hands. Megan is now openly squirming, the baby is crying and my hard on is rubbing against my jeans! I pull the handle back up, push the door in and try again, finally getting it open as Megan rushes in.

“Whatever you do Liam don’t close that door! I don’t want stuck in here!”

I instinctively pick up the baby again, rocking her gently and singing to her in the hope it calms her as I watch in awe as Megan pulls up her skirt, pulls down her thin tights and pants and pees loudly in the toilet. I can’t help but stare at her face watching it change from tense, worried and stressed to pure relief, joy and happiness.

“Oh God this feels amazing! I thought you’d never finish your scrambled egg and toast! I was bursting sitting in that restaurant! Oh how good does it feel to pee when you really need to go! I feel so much better now.”

I know she’s probably not in the mood, and Yasmin is still so unsettled, but God do I fancy her and fuck does watching her pee like that and seeing her face change make me horny as hell.

“It feels just as good watching you babe. You should see what you’ve done to me again!”

Fucking hell, like watching her pee isn’t enough she then goes and casually almost makes me cum by commenting conversationally as she wipes herself and sorts her clothing,

“You can watch me pee anytime you like Liam. In fact I quite enjoy you watching me actually.”

My back is holding the door open as I feel Yasmin finally cuddling in to my body, her breathing slowing. Megan dries her hands and walks towards me.

“I think we should somehow wedge that door open don’t you? I wouldn’t want either of us having an accident if it got stuck again. I mean I might enjoy that if we didn’t need to get up so early in the morning. Here, I better take Yasmin and get her changed for bed before she falls asleep on you. She’s so out of routine now. I just hope she sleeps through because I don’t know about you but I’m so exhausted. Do you think there’s anywhere her milk could be warmed?”

When Megan takes her sister I very carefully let the door go without it closing properly then I drag over the chair and wedge the door wide open with it. As Megan opens the storage at the end of the bed and digs in her backpack for one of the baby’s all in one cotton things she sleep in and a nappy and wipes from the changing bag I walk up to her and get the babies bottle of milk from the same bag and offer to go and see if I can warm it anywhere.

I head back to the now closed restaurant and thankfully I notice a table with a microwave and what I think might be some gadget for warming bottles. Unsure how to work the gadget I opt for the microwave and manage to warm the milk to a point I think it should be ok for the baby. I return to the cabin to find Megan has stripped to just her knickers and she’s sitting with her back against the headboard of the bed nursing the baby in her arms. I hand her the milk and she offers it to Yasmin as I look in awe at the two woman who make my life complete.

“Do you mind turning the main light off Liam? I’m hoping to settle her to sleep as it’s 11:30pm already!”

“Sure.”

I undo and step out my jeans, pull off my socks and shoes, then undo and take off my shirt, leaving only my boxer shorts on as I turn off the main light and head towards the bed.

“Honey, would you mind getting my bottle of water from under the buggy. I couldn’t finish my tea earlier as I had to pee so badly.”

I get the bottle for Megan and get one out the fridge for myself, placing them on the bedside table my side of the bed then using the toilet and getting into bed. I sit up beside Megan as the dim wall lamp over the bed lights up Yasmin’s little body in such a way that she looks like an angel in Megan’s arms.

“It feels so weird going to bed without doing my prayers you know.”

“You pray every night?”

“Yeah. I read my Bible too. I brought my Bible and rosary with me but until this little one falls asleep properly I can’t really read or pray.”

“You might not believe this but I’ve been reading the Bible every night before bed too, ever since your priest gave me one after chapel on Sunday. I’m afraid I haven’t read much and I keep reading the sane bit a lot. I don’t really understand it all but it is beautiful.”

“You know that really means such a lot to me. What bit have you been reading then?”

“Just a bit the priest read to me on Sunday after you left and I’d been crying. I had to google it as I didn’t even know how to spell it. Psalm 23. I brought the Bible with me too.”

“Oh that’s one of my favourite Psalms. Quite fitting for an overnight ferry too. He leadeth me besides quiet waters…”

Megan puts the baby’s bottle by her bed as she gently carries Yasmin over to her travel cot, lies her in it carefully and tucks her in. As I watch her in the faded light come back to bed I hand her her water as she starts reciting quietly something so familiar and beautiful.

“The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want…”

I close my eyes and bow my head as I find my mouths suddenly saying the words along with her, the nights of reading it over and over having caused me to clearly know it better than I even realise. Our voices join together seamlessly just as I recall the congregation doing at mass in St.Mary’s on Sunday.

“He make the me lie down in green pastures. He leadeth me besides still waters. He restores my soul. He leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for his name’s sake. Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me, thy rod and thy staff they comfort me. Thou preparest a table before me, in the presence of mine enemies, thou anointest my head with oil, my cup runneth over. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever. Amen”

I feel my eyes filling as Megan reaches over and hugs me, kissing me sweetly on my cheek.

“That was beautiful. Night Liam. I love you.”

“Night Megan honey, I love you too.”

I kiss her forehead as she drinks some of her water then snuggles under the duvet. I set my phone alarm for 5:30am, plug it in to charge, drink some of my own bottled water then lie under the covers too.

I’ll wake up in England, the country I left as a battered, scared man who felt he had no hope and who was running away, as I return just months later to the sane town with a beautiful lady I adore, a new found faith and even a child that isn’t mine but who I love as if she were.

If only aunt Ella could see me now. If only she was still alive…

*347*2021-11-17 09:55

Chapter 189

Megan

I sleep fitfully, waking to drink some more water and check on Yasmin twice during the night. I’m still very tired when Liam’s phone alarm goes off as I get out of bed and head to the open bathroom as I see Liam standing smiling at me as I sit on the toilet in just my underpants.

“Now that’s a beautiful sight to wake up to! Good morning.”

I look up seeing his obvious hard on and smiling. As much as I’d happily get back into bed with him for some cuddles I know realistically that we don’t have time. I turn the shower on, thankful for the complimentary shower gel and shampoo meaning I don’t have to dig into my bag for mine, as I step out my knickers and step into the shower cubicle while Liam watches.

“Shit. I woke bursting for a piss a moment ago but there’s no way I can pee now. Can I join you?”

I smile and open the cubicle door as my boyfriend steps out his trunks, revealing his long hard penis, as I use my hands to beckon him to join me. I’ve never in my life shared a shower with anyone but I can’t help feeling excited and happy when Liam steps in beside me, holding my naked body next to his and kissing me deeply while warm water runs down both our bodies. His hands move from my hair down to my neck, gently caressing my back while one hand moves lower feeling and exploring my bottom. He pulls his mouth away as I see his wet hair dripping down his face.

“Shit! This water is making me need to piss again so bad!”

I smile and giggle as he grabs his erect dick squeezing it and pushing it in-between his legs as he squirms beside me. I pick up the shower gel and put some on my hands, rubbing it into his warm wet body. As our bodies get closer again I talk over the noise of the water.

“Can you wait until we’ve both finished showering?”

“I can try. God it’s bad though! I can’t promise I won’t leak.”

I smile and continue washing his body, taking my time rubbing shower gel into his back, his arms, his legs and all over his testicles and erect penis as his legs squirm and his penis rises and shakes. He grabs and squeezes himself crossing his naked legs tightly as I put the shower gel back and pick up the shampoo.

“Oh fuck. I think I’m going to burst honey. Please hurry up!”

Contrary to his request I take my time squeezing the small shampoo container into my hand, rubbing my hands together in the warm water then asking Liam to bend forwards so I can wash his hair. Lathering the shampoo into his scalp I deliberately massage slowly and purposefully as I hear him moan and squirm around.

“You really need to stand still if you can please honey.”

“I can’t babe. I’m honestly going to lose it.”

I ignore him and carry on rinsing the shampoo out of his hair secretly becoming extremely turned on at the naked wet man in front of me who so urgently has to empty his bladder.

“Fuck! It’s coming!”

It’s not as easy to see against the clear warm water of the shower but seeing Liam’s face, his tense body stance, and hearing his moans, it’s obvious he has squirted some pee into the shower. I’m now so horny for him that I can’t help but grab him and kiss him as my hand fondles his warm testicles and strokes his long wonderful penis. Liam, at first, embraces the kiss, his tongue exploring and entering my throat willingly, but then suddenly he leans back against the glass cubicle, struggling to steady himself, as this time I clearly see urine surge from his member in another long spurt.

The water from the shower is pouring down my back and shoulders but mostly avoiding Liam as my eyes catch Liam’s and I see just how longing and desperate his whole body is. I pull his hands away from his own body as I take his penis in my own hand, aiming it at my own naked body, as Liam’s ability to hold back reaches its crescendo and I feel his warm urine soaking my stomach, my legs, and as I guide his penis more, even my breasts and nipples, as I giggle at the naughtiness of our behaviour.

Seeing Liam’s face is unbelievably sexy as his jaw relaxes, his eyes close in complete relaxation and his lips tremble a little from the thrill of what is happening. Finally his penis stops pouring out liquid as I let it go and use the shower gel to wash my own body as Liam opens his eyes, returns his hands to his own anatomy and starts immediately stroking himself as he watches me standing naked right in front of him as I wash between my legs, under my breasts and all down my legs and arms as he masterbates himself within touching distance of me.

As I return the shower gel to the shower shelf and pick up the shampoo I already know what’s about to happen as I pretend I am alone and wash my hair like normal. Liam’s moans are driving me crazy though as I rinse my hair and see that his hand is now stroking faster and more enthusiastically than before as I smile at him and turn the shower off as I scrunch my hair together and squeeze water out it, splashing drips onto Liam’s large penis just as it explodes with semen. As I go to open the shower door and step onto the towel on the floor I glance back at my boyfriend who is looking at me sheepishly and shyly.

“Sorry about that babe. I think I need to learn more self control I’m afraid.”

His words remind me of something similar that Father Reilly said to me in confession as I try to think what he told me once when I confessed that I’d wet myself in the launderette.

“God made us all with needs Liam. We’re only human…and besides I happened to love every minute! I really don’t think we need to have self control when it’s just us…though loads of Catholics believe you shouldn’t have sex before marriage. I used to believe that too would you believe.”

As Liam steps out the shower too and we both dry our wet bodies Liam looks at me as he rubs his wet hair with the towel.

“So what changed?”

I giggle, as if the answer isn’t blatantly obvious.

“I met you. That’s what.”

*348*2021-11-17 16:16

Chapter 190

Liam

Ever since my teenage years I have woken with a hard on so it’s no surprise to me when I wake in the ferry next to my beautiful Megan and my penis is erect. However, I also wake every morning needing to use the bathroom and as I watch Megan walk around the bed towards the en-suite I can’t help but follow her as I really need to use the toilet badly. With the door to the bathroom wedged open by the chair I get a birds eye view of Megan as she rushes towards the toilet wearing nothing but her knickers and then turns, pulling them down quickly before sitting down. The only thing I love seeing as much as Megan desperate to pee is her actually peeing and here I am staring right at her first thing in the morning! For a split second I think I am actually in heaven! The only problem now is that my raging hard on is so intense I can’t actually pee!

I stare at Megan in awe as she then flushes the loo, washes her hands and then pulls the shower door open and steps in. Something suddenly comes over me and I ask her if I can join her. Incredibly Megan seems as horny as I am as we kiss lovingly and deeply while the hot water covers our bodies keeping us warm and wet together. I could easily fuck Megan right in the shower cubicle but there’s one serious thing preventing that…the water running over my body, and especially so on my most tender sensitive areas is suddenly reminding my body that I urgently need to pee and I ought to go right NOW! I have to pull away from Megan’s embrace as my actions are probably already making it very obvious that I am seconds away from pissing myself.

I can barely believe my ears when she asks if I can wait until we are finished showering. Oh my God has she any idea how torturous that idea is? I’m literally drying to go and I can’t even stand up straight! I squirm and fidget like a man possessed as Megan entices and seduces me by washing my naked body, the touch of her hands on my skin turning me to putty in her hands. When she moves onto washing my hair I have to squeeze myself so much I’m afraid I’ll bruise the end of my dick as she massages the shampoo so leisurely it’s like she’s in slow motion. Regardless how much I squirm and squeeze I just can’t stop a decent size squirt shooting out as I do my utmost to keep holding back. Seconds later though I can no longer bear the pain and the pressure as I stumble back against the wall of the shower as I close my eyes, tense every muscle in my body and concentrate hard as my body convulses and my penis twitches as urine rushes down the length of my urethra and out of the tip of my penis.

Megan appears to be loving every minute as she steps closer towards me, pulling my hands off my erect dick and taking full control of where I fire. My entire body shakes in intense desire and need as she sprays her legs, her stomach, and even her generous naked breasts and nipples with my warm output as I can’t even form words I am in such a state of bliss. Incredibly I have emptied my bladder whilst being hard and horny, something I ordinarily find very tricky. The utter relief I feel is heavenly but is instantly replaced by such a strong desperate need to cum that I feel lightheaded.

I open my eyes and see the sexiest, most gorgeous, naked woman in front of me within arms reach washing her own body so seductively I am shaking with sexual need for her. I can’t stop stroking myself, edging closer to ejaculation with every second. I’ve never desired a woman more my entire life. I can’t stop, not while she’s rubbing her nipples like she is and flicking her wet hair under the water to rinse it. The intensity in which I cum takes me breath away as Megan casually wrings her hair out like I am not even there!

Then immediately Megan steps out the shower I feel awful. She doesn’t deserve what I just did. She was only trying to wash so we can get dressed and off the ferry! Why can’t I ever have any self control around Megan Murphy? I apologise but she doesn’t appear to be upset at all, in fact quite the opposite, as she thanks me before wrapping her hair in a towel and heading back into the bedroom to find clothes. Meanwhile I am left gawping at her, especially when she says that she used to believe in no sex before marriage but changed her mind just because she met me.

I’ve never felt so special, so loved, and so happy. I dig out some clean underwear but put on the same clothes as yesterday to save me unfolding my suit and shirt. I notice Megan has the same skirt and top on from yesterday too making me feel much better about my clothing. I notice Megan looking for a hairdryer so I help her look, finding one in a cupboard near the bathroom. The sound of the dryer wakes Yasmin so I pick her up and hold her because she seems quick upset. Megan turns the dryer off suggesting I wrap the baby in a blanket and open the bedroom door that leads out directly onto the deck. I do as she suggests and while I am on the deck with Yasmin I can faintly hear the dryer behind me.

The view is so stunning as I talk to Yasmin pointing out the other boats and the birds and the colours of the sky as the most wonderful sunrise takes my breath away. I stand there in awe dancing around the small private decking area as I find myself so caught in the moment that I start quietly singing to the baby in my arms.

“You are my sunshine, my only sunshine…”

Yasmin is smiling all cosy and wrapped in the blanket as Megan steps out to join us.

“Oh my goodness Liam! How awesome are those colours! This is the first time I’ve ever seen a sunrise out at sea. It’s way more beautiful and romantic than I ever imagined it would be.”

I step nearer Megan, wrapping my arm around her with the baby in the other, as the three of us stand staring out to sea in total awe and amazement at the stunning sunrise on our first ever morning together in England.

Maybe it’s a sign that everything is going to turn out good. I really hope so. After everything Megan has been through she’s more than due some pleasure and happiness in her life. As long as that includes me I’ll be the happiest man alive.

*349*2021-11-18 09:47

Chapter 191

Megan

I know how distressed loud noise make Yasmin and how she’s always hates hoovers and hairdryers but unfortunately I do need to dry my hair. Thankfully Liam is happy to help as I suggest he wraps the baby in a blanket and takes her onto the deck just while I dry my hair. Thankfully the hairdryer is powerful and I blast my hair on the hottest setting until it’s dry enough to tie it up in a ponytail so that Yasmin isn’t outside too long getting cold. I open the door to the deck and I am absolutely blown away by the beauty that meets me. The stunning oranges and yellows against the blue and grey sky and the while clouds is breathtaking as it reflects on the open sea and it’s made even better by watching Liam dancing around the deck with my baby sister singing to her that she’s his sunshine. My smile is wide and my heart full as I step out to join them in the early hours of Sunday morning as I see land in the distance and realise we are almost in England.

“As stunning as this is Liam if we want breakfast before getting off the ferry I think we’d better get going.”

Liam kisses the top of my head as I lead the way back into the bedroom. I pick up my purse on way to the other door leading inside the ferry as I check Liam is following me as we walk together towards the restaurant. This time we only need to give our room number and name and Liam is handed a tray with two breakfasts and two empty mugs for us to help ourselves to drinks. I find a table and Liam sits with Yasmin while I find a high chair for her. I offer to take the mugs to get us both a coffee and I am delighted to see that there’s a jug of milk so I can fill a small disposable cup with some for the baby. As I arrive back Liam has already started eating and Yasmin is sitting expectantly in the high chair. Before I begin I cut some sausage into small pieces from my plate and put it on the high chair table and add my hash brown and half a slice of toast broken into manageable pieces. Liam looks at me as he sips his coffee.

“Make sure to leave yourself some honey!”

“I’ll be fine. But thank you.”

I eat what’s left of my breakfast as Yasmin happily munches into what’s on her table, squashing and squeezing the food in her little hands first as always. With some difficulty I manage to get her to sip some milk from the disposable cup that I hold as I make a mental note to remember to get her more to drink as soon as we are off the ferry. Someone walks past heading to another table as Liam nosies at what they have.

“Oh they had some fruit. Want me to see if I can see where they got that?”

I chuckle. “Go on then. You’d never know you had supper last night mister hollow legs.”

As he goes for a wander I look around at the huge restaurant, the large windows where the sea can be seen on all sides and the glass roof making the early morning sun shine onto the table. I feel so lucky, so blessed, so privileged, to be here yet at the same time I can’t stop thinking of my younger brothers back home. Will mam get up and cook them breakfast before chapel? Will she even be well enough to go herself, and if not who will stay home to look after her and keep her safe? I then suddenly remember what Shaun said to me the day before and I say a silent prayer in my mind that all will be ok when he goes to St. Mary’s and finds I am not there.

Liam returns with two croissants, a banana, an apple and a pear on a tray.

“Look what I found!”

“Wow! Did you need to pay for all that?”

“There was nothing to say you had to and everyone else was helping themselves.”

“I could get used to this eh!”

“Not too used to it Miss Murphy as I don’t think my wages will stretch to doing this that often.”

“Mine might just about cover this fruit! I don’t know about you but I feel so blessed that Father Reilly gave you the money for this.”

Liam bites into the apple smiling. “Me too. He’s quite a man that priest of yours.”

“He’s amazing isn’t he. It still feels strange to think this is Palm Sunday and here I am on a ferry at almost 6 in the morning eating breakfast while i’m approaching England with you instead of being home going to chapel with my family. I was just thinking of them there too. I wonder if mam will be well enough for chapel? Dad hates it if we are ill and can’t go. He’s paranoid everyone will ask about the missing person and he hates anyone prying in family business.”

As he peels the banana and puts some small pieces on the high chair table for Yasmin and I eat the croissant spread with butter and jam he looks at me meaningfully.

“Well he ain’t gonna be happy today then when it’s obvious you aren’t there. I mean he surely can’t expect you all to be there every single week of your life?”

“You obviously don’t know my dad. His faith is everything to him. Family comes second, well actually third above work really. He hated mam missing chapel even when she’d just given birth! The year Rory was born he had her waddling all the way to chapel for Easter Sunday even though anyone could see it was too much for her by then. Iain still talks about the time he was dragged along when he was really unwell with an ear infection and high temperature and he sobbed throughout mass.”

“That’s awful. My aunt went to church every week but even when I moved in with her she accepted that it was my choice and it wasn’t my thing. What will happen about you not being there this morning then?”

“ I guess I’ll find out soon enough.”

“Not much they can do if you are in England though.”

“That’s true, but when I go back they won’t let me forget in a hurry. Do you think we should get all our stuff ready? Everyone else seems to be leaving now and I still need to get this little one changed and dressed first.”

Liam checks his coffee is finished and then unclips Yasmin out her high chair.

“I hadn’t noticed the time. We’d better get a move on.”

&&

&&

&&

