The Vaguely Omorashi-Related Adventures of Ishikawa Ai

Author: GaijinJohn

*000*2014-08-22 09:28

At long last, this is our new omorashi story. As before, Kii-chan wrote an original draft in Japanese, which I translated into English, adding unnecessary comments as I saw fit.

Chapter 1

Contains brief female masturbation, and urination from orgasm.

Ishikawa Ai was an exceptionally beautiful lady. If she met herself, she'd want to be her own girlfriend. Unfortunately, she currently was her own girlfriend, since she had now been single for a year, and she often found herself alone in the evenings wishing that she had the company of another pretty lady who liked other pretty ladies. She had tried to find someone at first, but after several mismatches she had settled for being alone, at least for now.

When her friend Haruko had called her and asked if she wanted to meet a lady, Noda Yuki, she had been reluctant at first. She knew how these dates went. She would arrive, then her date would be awed by her body and would gaze lustfully at her all evening as she more or less slowly decided that this was not to be the wonderful romance she'd dreamed of the day before. Then she would tell her partner that it had been a fine evening, but she didn't really want to meet again, and go home and cry. She said she was not interested, but Haruko insisted that she'd like this lady, and offered to invite her to participate in a video chat involving her, her prospective partner Yuki, Haruko and her husband and Ai's dear friend and colleague, Kei. Not expecting much, she accepted.

The screen was divided in 2, 1 half showing Kei and Haruko and the other half showing Yuki. Kei was a tall, strong and very handsome young man, unusually hirsute for someone of his race. His skin was dark yellow, his eyes were brown, and his hair was short and black. Haruko was a very slender and beautiful young lady, sitting beside Kei on their bed. Her skin was lighter yellow, but, like Kei's, her eyes were brown and her hair was black. She bore more than a passing resemblence to the co-author in both appearance and personality.

Yuki, or at least the half of her that Ai could see on the screen, was quite a sight. Her face alone was pretty enough that Ai felt a little pulse of excitement down below, and her body matched it in beauty. She was slender but curved, with shapely breasts. Her hair was brown, as were her eyes, and her skin was a medium yellow. From the opposite perspective, Ai was an enticing prospect, too – a toned tomboy with as fine a face as any to be seen in Japan, and therefore, the world. Her skin was a little darker from her fondness for outdoor pursuits, and her hair and eyes, like Yuki's, were brown. Though their appearances differed a little, they provoked the same remark from both of them:

“O! She's gorgeous!”

“Thanks, Haruko,” added Yuki.

Haruko and Kei smiled.

Ai was feeling more than a little aroused, and that was making her feel even more awkward than she usually did when talking to pretty ladies whom she didn't know very well. This had the general effect of making her unable to say anything but giggles, and the cheeks on her face blushed red. She wasn't dressed for the occasion, visibly wearing only a sweaty X Japan T-shirt which had not been washed for rather too long and, though Yuki could not see her legs, a short green skirt which also smelled quite strongly of female body odour. Ai felt quite glad that, despite the many advances in computing technology in recent years, internet cables could not yet carry molecules. Yuki was rather more stylish, in a very smart white buttoned shirt without the slightest sweat patches under her arms. Her short black skirt was clean, too, but that was not visible to Ai.

The ladies' rooms matched their clothing in their states of cleanliness. Ai's was a jumbled mess, with martial arts, motorcycling and music equipment piled safely but messily and a large pile of clothes to be washed at an unspecified and most likely distant future time. Piles of police paperwork also cluttered the table and desk. Yuki's, by contrast, was finely ordered, with neat stacks of manga albums and the bed perfectly made. There was a plastic sheet on the tatami mat floor, though Ai did not pay much attention to this. She really had to tidy her room. There were more important things to do now, though – like trying to find something to say to impress this lovely lady...

“Sorry about the mess in my room, I'm a busy lady. And untidy, too.”

Not the best way to impress a lady, but not the worst, either.

“I expected a policewoman's room to be tidier,” replied Yuki, looking a little concerned at the mess, “but that's not the most important thing.”

“I maintain law and order, expect in my house,” said Ai, blushing a little more. Yuki wasn't blushing, which made Ai even more embarrassed.

“It's not a problem,” said Yuki. “I just like to have things neat and tidy. I think it's because I have Asperger syndrome. But if you want to be messy, that's fine.”

Wonderful, thought Ai. I'm speaking to a lady with Asperger syndrome and I'm the one feeling awkward. Now I know why I'm single.

“I'll...tidy up...”

Ai was blushing like a lady who has just wet herself in front of her entire family. Sorry, folks, that's about as close to omorashi as you're going to get for a while.

“It looks like Ai has been overawed by your beauty, Yuki,” said Haruko.

“That's fine. I think it's cute.”

Ai blushed even more, if that is possible. She could subdue violent criminals with ease, but situations like this left her helpless. Maybe she should be checked for Asperger's too.

“So would you like to have a date with me, Ai?”

They had only known each other for fewer than 5 minutes. They had not expressed any shared interests, except the state of each other's bedroom. But Yuki was so gorgeous, and she hadn't had a date in 6 months...

“Yes!” she said, almost shouting. “Yes, I would! I'd love to!”

“Well, that was a success,” said Kei. He and Haruko looked happily at each other.

“Yay!” said Yuki, bouncing in her seat. “Where do you want to go?”

“I know a really nice Sìchuān restaurant,” said Ai, finding her confidence. “Do you like that sort of food?”

“I love it! What's the place called?”

“Huǒlóng. It means “fire dragon” in Chinese.”

“I love eating there! What time?”

“Police hours are a little unsociable. Tomorrow's free, but after that I'm working evening shifts all week.”

“Tomorrow evening, 20:00. How does that sound?”

“Good.”

Ai paused as she thought about what had just happened. She was going on a date with a gorgeous lady who wouldn't complain about the food being too spicy! Even if the relationship didn't work, she'd still have a fine dinner.

“See, Kei,” said Haruko. “I told you they'd like each other.”

“I'd love to see Ai in a happy relationship,” said Kei, “but I don't want to see her suffering when it ends. It makes me so sad.”

“Excuse me, Kei,” said Ai, “but would you mind dearly not discussing my previous failed relationships with my new girlfriend? And you say Haruko has social awareness problems.”

“I'm sorry,” said Kei, “that wasn't appropriate.”

Haruko tutted and waved her finger in mock disapproval.

“Now we've arranged a date,” said Ai, swiftly moving the subject away from the sensitive area, “let's find out more about each other.”

“Like how tall we are, or our mass?” asked Yuki. “I'm 1.65m, and my mass is 50kg.”

Ai laughed. Yuki might be much more confident in discussion, but she'd given away her Asperger's with that statement, if she hadn't admitted it already.

“No, about our lives! Like what we do for a job.”

“O. Well, I'm a graphic designer and manga artist. And you're a police officer, obviously. I've seen you about before, thinking how sexy and brave you are and how wonderful it would be if you were interested in me. But it never felt right to approach you.”

“I think I've seen you before, too. But I had no idea you were gay.”

“People don't usually, until they read my manga.”

Ai made a naughty smile. “Is it yuri?”

“Some of it,” said Yuki. “But not all. Some of my work is very erotic, and has hardcore sex scenes in it. But I like showing all aspects of a relationship, not just the sex. And I like showing sex as a passionate and beautiful thing, not as sordid and dirty as many people do.”

“Sounds wonderful. What series have you drawn?”

“Well, there's Ladies of the Elements.”

“O, you're that Noda Yuki!” said Ai. “I didn't want to assume. I go with Haruko and our other friends to get our copies every month.”

“You're a wonderful artist,” said Haruko.

“If she is actually the artist,” said Kei.

“I knew you'd say that,” said Yuki, before turning her monitor round to reveal next month's issue in the process of creation. After a few seconds, she returned it to its prior position.

“You are a wonderful artist,” said Kei.

“What's going to happen in the next issue?” asked Ai.

“I knew you'd say that too,” said Yuki. “I must be clairvoyant.”

“She won't like to say, in case you spoil it for everyone else,” said Haruko.

“No,” said Yuki, “I don't like to say because I often change things partway through and I really don't want it wrongly spoiled for everyone else. ”

“Well, I'm anticipating it eagerly anyway,” said Ai.

“Good to hear,” said Yuki.

“I'd love to see your studio,” said Haruko. “May I come and visit?”

“Of course! Though I hope that Ai will come and visit after our date tomorrow – or should I say visit and come...”

“I was wondering how long it would be before this turned dirty,” said Kei. “Maybe it would be better if we left these ladies to their business.”

“Sex is not dirty!” said Yuki, clearly annoyed. “It's healthy and fun.”

“I agree,” said Kei. “I make love to my dear Haruko at least twice a week if I can. I was just being figurative.”

“You've been married to me for 7 years,” said Haruko. “You should know by now not to use figurative language around people with Asperger's. Around 2 people with Asperger's, it's antisocial behaviour.”

“I'm sorry, Haruko,” he said, putting his arms around her and stroking her hair.

“It's so cute, how he cuddles Haruko,” said Yuki. “Maybe you'll do the same for me.”

“If this is just going to be oestrogen-drenched sexy chat, I'm leaving,” said Kei.

“It is,” said Yuki. “Are you feeling left out?”

“Well I think it's really cute,” said Haruko, “and I'll stay if you don't mind.”

“Do you mind, Ai?” asked Yuki. Ai blushed.

“No...it's fine...”

“O, look!” said Yuki, giggling. “I was expecting Ai to be so confident, since I've seen her looking so strong on duty. But she's so shy! It's adorable!”

“She hasn't had a relationship for so long now,” said Haruko, “I think she's forgotten the rush of feeling when she meets a pretty lady like you.”

Ai squirmed a little, not from desperation but from pure embarrassment.

“I'm sorry, I don't know why I'm acting like this. I think Haruko's right. Maybe we should stop tonight, and I'll compose myself for our date tomorrow.”

“Aw!” said Yuki. “But this is such fun!”

“Maybe we could play a game,” said Haruko. “We could team up on DOTA 2 or something.”

“That sounds fun,” said Yuki, “but I'd prefer to watch Ai blushing and squirming.”

All this talk of blushing and squirming was making Ai blush and squirm even more.

“I'm sorry,” she said, “I've been overwhelmed with awkwardness. I think I'll tidy my room a bit...or something...”

Yuki and Haruko laughed.

“I thought I was supposed to be the autistic one!” said Yuki. “Honestly, though, if you're really feeling awkward, you can disconnect and we'll only make fun of you a little bit.”

“Maybe she could be an honorary Aspie,” said Haruko.

“I think we like her enough to bestow her with that honour,” said Yuki. “I'm really looking forward to our date. I'm prepared for a...physical evening.” She rubbed her legs in a very suggestive way.

Ai was becoming very aroused, and therefore more embarrassed, though she tried not to show it.

“Actually,” she said, “I'd rather we didn't copulate tomorrow. I prefer to really know someone before I really...know someone.” She paused. “Carnally.”

“We get it, Ai,” said Yuki. “I'm totally clean, you don't need to worry.”

“It's not that, I just prefer to take things slowly.”

“That's fine,” said Yuki, “I know how to have my way with ladies like you. A few drinks down you and you'll be begging for it. Do you drink alcohol?”

“Yes, but not on duty.”

“Could you try to make it sound a little less like you're planning to rape her?” said Kei. “Respect her choices.”

“I'll respect her,” said Yuki. “But she looks fairly aroused now, so who knows what she'll be like after a romantic evening and, as I said, some alcohol.”

Ai's embarrassment leapt to previously unimaginable levels.

“I'm sorry, I really have to go,” she said.

“What, to the toilet?” said Yuki. “We'll wait for you.”

“No, it's just...too awkward.”

“That's fine. Goodnight! Huǒlóng, 20:00. I suggest doing some groin stretching exercises before.”

Ai disconnected. Her heart was beating faster than it would after a 10km run. It felt like that, anyway. She felt so aroused that she was very careful not to climax involuntarily as she stood up from her chair. She felt a powerful urge to masturbate, stronger than any she'd felt in months. She quickly ran to the toilet, pulled up her skirt, tugged down her panties, sat and began work. Her fingers slipped easily through the slime, which had already dampened her panties. It only took a few seconds to reach climax. She convulsed in pleasure, squealing and gushing urine into the toilet. In a brief fantasy, she imagined herself lovingly copulating with Yuki, experiencing purest passion. As she recovered from her moment of madness, she reconsidered her position on first dates and sex. This was different. She knew infatuations often ended badly, but...Yuki was just so gorgeous...She wiped herself clean and stood up. No, she'd be mature. And she really ought to tidy her room.

