The Desperate Cheerleaders

Author: Jane Jones

*000*2020-02-23 00:51

Hey everyone! Jane here!

So, this is an extract from my first Amazon Omorashi story. Thought i'd give you all an exclusive sample extract and if you like it, then I hope you'll consider purchasing the full thing from Amazon for only £0.99. Hope you all enjoy! I've attached a link to the full story below.

THE DESPERATE CHEERLEADERS

Back when we started college, Alice and I signed up for the cheerleading squad and both got on. I liked it, the outfits are cute, the team players are often SUPER HOT and it keeps us fit but I grew to really enjoy it for another reason. You see, the windows for cheerleaders to use bathrooms during matches are basically non-existent thanks to the dumb game policies and the only times to really use them are after the match, when dozens of other girls are thinking the same thing.

As well as that, the female coach always makes the girls come together into the girls changing rooms first and give us a review of how we’ve done. Often, I’d see half a dozen or more girls that every guy under the sun wants to get their pants off, probably minutes away from pissing straight through them. They squirm around desperately, their legs crossed tight until they can finally make a mad dash for the loos a few steps away from the changing room. It’s really hot, though until today, they’d always held on; at least in terms of having any visible losses of control.

It was an especially hot day and so everyone had loaded up with water pre-game. As the match went on, we cheered and danced our hearts out: Our black and white uniforms kicking up as we did our steps, flashing our red underwear; all our team’s colours. It seemed to inspire our players, as we secured a last minute victory that sent the crowd wild. We all piled into the changing rooms, the usual culprits desperate as ever and the coach gave her little speech; clearing out. However, as she did, the door slammed shut with an unusual thud, catching everyone’s attention. Alice went to check it out and when she turned back, she looked pale:

“The door is busted!”.

The other girls rushed over trying to budge the door; however, it was jammed, a piece of the metal allowing it to turn had sheared straight off, probably from not being maintained well enough. As this realisation sunk in, girls began banging at the door, calling for help however the lockers were sound-proofed after years of graduation pranks where people had set off firecrackers that disrupted the whole college. No one could hear us and it would be ages before anyone realised what had happened and then even longer until they could help.

As the minutes passed, several girls began to squirm on the benches, standing or wherever they were in the rooms. Alice was among them, her ass shaking as she repeatedly crossed her legs back and forth; pacing the room, complaining about the “Fucking useless doors”. Another was our lead cheerleader, Sindy. A tall, thin black girl with brown hair and green eyes, everyone agreed she was among the most gorgeous girls among the team and right now, she was also among the most desperate, one hand stuffed between her cheerleading skirt as she rocked back and forth; clearly sweating with the effort of holding for so long. The most desperate however, was Isabel.

Isabel Brians was squirming openly, frequently holding herself and repeatedly saying: “God I’m desperate” and “I can’t hold it” over and over. Her legs were shaking, her tits; larger even than Alice’s, were bouncing freely in her uniform and if I was right, she probably only had minutes left before she started leaking; maybe even completely lost control. Isabel was one of the most sought after girls in college, she’d just come out of a six-month relationship where if the guys were to be believed; though they often chat complete shit, Isabel could apparently give blowjobs better than any other girl at college, her ex claiming she’d give them daily when together: In their rooms, his car, the nearby creek and forest; even twice in a McDonalds Bathroom. If the last part was true, then she probably wished she was there right about now.

Suddenly, we all heard a scream and turned: It was Alice and I watched shocked as rivers of pee began to pour out through her red panties, which were on full display as she soaked them; the long streams running down her legs, as she gripped the nearby rack for support, so she didn’t collapse into her own growing puddle. The other girls stepped away, cries of shock ringing out:

“Oh my God Alice!”.

“What the hell!”.

“Oh don’t, I need to go even worse now!”.

“Holy shit, you had to go Alice!”.

“Stop it!”.

“I can’t!” was Alice’s reply to the last one and she clearly couldn’t, her legs trembling as the most public wetting accident I’d ever seen continued...

TO BE CONTINUED...

%https://www.amazon.co.uk/DESPERATE-CHEERLEADERS-Jane-Jones-ebook/dp/B084LGDMVL/ref=sr_1_1?crid=3UNNUQ8NUFE60&keywords=desperate+cheerleaders&qid=1582418952&sprefix=Desperate+Cheerle%2Caps%2C175&sr=8-1

$$

$$

*002*2020-02-24 10:40

{{4 hours ago, daniel2 said:

Bruh what do

}}

Hi! Thank you so much for trying to buy, that means a lot.

Here's a link to how you can adjust Amazon so that it will be available to purchase to you:

%https://www.howtogeek.com/328197/how-to-change-your-country-on-your-amazon-so-you-can-buy-different-kindle-books/

