Abigail's Desperation

Author: Princess Jury

*000*2011-08-08 12:12

Alright, a bit of an explanation before I start this. These are all OCs from an original non omo short story of mine. Megan and Crystal are former popular girls and Bonnie and Abigail are lovers. This is based off of the two new images I just uploaded into the gallery.

Now that the boring part is over, onto the story.

Abigail crossed her legs and tapped her foot in an annoyed way. She kept snorting and bouncing up and down.

"God, where on Earth is Bonnie? That chick likes to take her time on her stupid motorcycle! I wish she knew I have things I have to do!" Abigail sighed heavily and leaned against the street light. She crossed her legs tighter until she swore they popped when Crystal and Megan ran up to her.

"Hey, Abigail, would you mind helping us with something?"

"Ummm, sure. What do you need help with?"

Megan grinned and took a small model of a waterfall out of her bag. Abigail winced when she saw it. She started bouncing up and down again and grimacing.

Megan noticed this and looked worried. "Is something wrong Abigail?"

"Of course not! What would be wrong?" Crystal got down on her knees and pressed her hands against Abigail's stomach and grinned.

"You have to pee!" she exclaimed.

Upon hearing that word, Abigail started jumping and grabbing her crotch. "Of course I don't! What makes you say that?"

"Is Bonnie late again?" Megan asked.

"Sadly, yes. And I have stuff to do! I swear she does this on purpose." Abigail was bent over slightly and she started grasping her crotch with both hands.

Megan and Crystal started giggling. "Oh come on Abigail, anyone can tell you're bursting now!" Crystal laughed even harder.

"Shut it! I'd like to see you stand perfectly still when you're desperate like this!" They heard the roar of a motorcycle and turned their gazes left.

Bonnie waved at them. "Sorry I'm late, I had some engine troubles." She smiled even more. Abigail was sweating majorly and she ran to her girlfriend.

"Ummm, Bonnie, I don't think I'll be able to sit on your motorcycle." she whispered.

"Of course you can pumpkin! You've done it lots of times!" Bonnie helped her up onto the seat and Abigail gasped. She clung onto her girlfriend and blushed.

"What happened?" Bonnie asked worried. Megan and Crystal ran over to them.

"I-I just felt a spurt come out." Megan blushed, Crystal gasped and Bonnie was at a loss for words. Crystal spoke up.

"My house is just two minutes away from the school, I can walk her home and she can use it there." Bonnie looked at her distressed girlfriend and nodded.

"I can drive her there." Megan watched Crystal get on the motorcycle and drive off, then she set off for home, bouncing her mini waterfall in her hand.

Bonnie pulled up to Crystal's two-story house and helped Abigail off. "You'll have to carry me there!" Abigail kept wincing and squirming. Crystal pointed at the door.

"We have to hurry! The toilet is quite far off!" She started running and tried to open the door.

"Shoot, I forgot I locked it this morning when I walked to school! Plus my Mom has the keys!" Abigail looked ready to wet herself right there when Crystal said that they could try the back door.

Crystal took off to the back and tried the door. "It works!" she cheered. Bonnie ran with Crystal to the bathroom, then placed Abigail on the toilet.

Crystal grinned. "Let's hope we made it in time!" She winks and closes the door, leaving Abigail alone.

Abigail pulled her jeans and soft pink panties down and took a cup from the counter. She barely had time until the full flood came from her parts, making a loud psssssh noise when it hit the cup.

Bonnie and Crystal blushed as they listened through the door to Abigail sighing in relief.

Abigail then poured the contents of the cup into the toilet, flushed, then pulled her jeans and panties back up. Crystal opened the door when Abigail was washing her hands.

"Wow, it looks like we were just in time, right?" Abigail blushed heavily and looked away.

"Y-yeah, you were right on time."

Bonnie kissed her girlfriend on the cheek and put her arm around her.

"Do you want to go home and do it again for me?" She smiled and both Abigail and Crystal blushed.

"S-sure." Crystal waved after them, then started to clean up her room.

The next day when she went to brush her teeth: "Why does my mouth rinsing cup taste like pee?"

