Peeing at the beach

Author: Seth

*000*2014-12-02 05:35

Going to the beach had always been problematic for Rose Lalonde, for several different reasons. One factor was her allergy to the sun, causing her to break out in terrible rashes after over-exposure. Another factor was her tendency to forget how much she had had to drink until it was too late. At home this did not pose too much of a problem, as she could always put her book down and go to the bathroom when the urge overcame her. Outdoors this was not always the case, and more than once she had profoundly regretted drinking just one bottle too many.

Today was one such occasion. On the way over she'd had a bottle and a half, and when she was playing in the water with her friends she had simply forgotten to relieve herself, as she was having too much fun. Around noon she had retreated to their sunshade to re-apply her sunscreen and read - between noon and three in the afternoon the sun was at its strongest, and it would not do for her to step out of the shade for too long. Not that she minded this usually. She loved reading, and she was sure her friends could get along without her for a while.

But the water she had drank before was starting to make its way through her system, and by one o'clock she was starting to feel her bladder filling up uncomfortably quickly. Rose pressed her legs together tightly, pursing her lips. Of course this had to happen around the time when she was not supposed to go into the sun even with sunscreen of the highest factor. If she went into the sea there was a chance that the sunscreen would wash off before she could return to her seat, for it would be too obvious to wade in for a minute and then leave again straight away. Dave would never let her live it down. No, that was decidedly not an option. She would simply have to hold out until three, when the worst danger would have passed. That would be no big deal. She was a master of control. She could manage for two more hours.

Fifteen minutes later, her resolution was already wavering. The liquid was making its way through her system much quicker than she had anticipated, and it was becoming difficult to concentrate on the book she was reading because of the pressure in her bladder. Every time she moved she felt the liquid sloshing around inside her, and every now and then her leg gave a twitch she could not quite suppress. She bit her lip, her black lipstick contrasting sharply with her white teeth. This was going to be a tougher challenge than she had expected. But she would be equal to it, or her name was not Rose Lalonde. She tapped her foot on the sand beyond her towel to relieve the stress a little and tried to read again, but after a while she caught herself reading the same sentence five times in a row because she kept losing focus. With a sigh she put the book away. It was no good. Perhaps some music would -

She never got to finish that thought, as quite suddenly a very cold and very wet person pressed herself against Rose's back and threw her arms around Rose's neck in a hug. Rose jumped and nearly lost control of her bladder, but managed to keep back the urine at the last possible moment. She turned her head to see Jade's grinning face looking over her shoulder. "I thought I'd come cool you down a little," she said cheerfully, letting go of Rose and plopping down beside her in the sand. "Since you can't go and do it yourself right now."

"That is very kind of you," Rose replied, as her heart rate slowly returned to normal. That had been way too close to an accident for her comfort. Jade shot her a sideways look. "Are you feeling alright?" She asked, concern written all over her face. "You look a bit sick. Have you been drinking regularly? Dehydration is very dangerous, you know!" She reached into the cooler they had brought along and pulled out a bottle, which she handed to Rose with a smile. "Have this," she insisted, pressing the bottle into her friend's hands. "You'll feel a lot better, I swear."

Rose was not quite so sure of that, but what could she say when faced with her friend's concern? Feeling that she had no choice she unscrewed the cap from the bottle and took a swig of water. It was still very cold, and she could feel it travelling down her throat and into her stomach. Her bladder reacted with a strong spasm, causing her to jerk and splash some of the cold water down her legs. The sensation of cold drops running down her sensitive, overheated skin was torture, and she pressed her legs together very tight to stop another wave of desperation from overwhelming her. Beside her, she could hear Jade giggling. "It's that cold, huh?" She asked, winking at Rose and smiling broadly, showing off her buck-teeth. Rose shot her a dark look. "Very cold," she agreed, her tone quite flat. While Jade could see the humour in this situation, she herself certainly could not.

She sipped the bottle again, conscious of Jade watching her, and thought about her options. With this extra water being added to her system it was becoming less and less likely that she would make it until three in the afternoon. She considered her options. She could either risk going into sea, an option she was reluctant to take because of her allergies. She could hope for her bladder to hold out, which was in all honesty becoming very unlikely. She could get dressed and go in search of a bathroom, but that would mean confessing to all of her friends what was going on, which was not something she was quite comfortable with. Perhaps she could deal with one of them knowing, but certainly not all. And that was her final option, of course - to take Jade into her confidence. Jade had grown up playing outside a lot, so perhaps she would have some ideas on the subject.

All in all the last option seemed the most likely to bear fruit, she considered how she could best phrase her concerns. "Jade," she began, "Can I ask you a question? It is rather personal, I am afraid, but the situation is getting dire, and I do not know who else to ask."

Jade's smile turned into a frown so quickly Rose was quite astonished. "Rose, if you are feeling dizzy you should have said so before!" She started, but Rose shook her head. "That is not it," she said. "Please. I will explain." Jade still looked doubtful, but she waited for Rose to speak. Rose took a deep breath. "I was wondering if you have any tips for me regarding certain... well, let us call it 'natural urges'." Her pale cheeks were definitely a bit pink by now. "I fear I have had a little too much water on the way over, and since I cannot go into the sea just now, I am faced with something of a problem."

Jade's look of concern became one of pity. "Oh Rose, I'm so sorry," she said, stroking Rose's shoulder soothingly with one hand. "How bad is it? Do you think you can hold out?" Rose shrugged in return. "I am not sure," she admitted, sounding quite downcast. "It is quite bad already. Since you spent a lot of time on the beach in your youth, I thought you might perhaps have some thoughts on the subject."

This time it was an apologetic look, complete with a pout and big puppy dog eyes. Jade's face was really remarkably expression. "I usually just went into the ocean, or right on the beach. The sand would soak it right up. But that might be a bit obvious here," she said. "I lived alone there, so there was very little reason to worry about other people seeing. I'm so sorry, that's all I know..."

Rose hung her head, clasping her legs to her chest so that she could rest her forehead on her knees. Had she seriously believed that telling Jade would magically provide her with a solution? Way to be naive, Rose. Jade was now stroking her back in a comforting gesture, not knowing what else she could do. "I'm sure the time will fly by," she said, casting around for anything that could make Rose feel a bit better. "It is nearly two already!"

"I appreciate the effort, Jade, but another hour of this seems nothing short of torture," she replied, turning her head to look at her friend and resisting the urge to grit her teeth as her bladder gave a painful pang. "I shall do my best to endure it." Jade looked like she was about to reply, but Rose cut her off. "Can we please talk about something else?¨

They talked about school work and books for a while longer, but Rose was getting increasingly distracted by the pangs in her bladder, which were coming more regularly now. Jade kept shooting her worried looks, but said nothing about it until Rose failed to answer her for the third time in a row as she was squeezing her legs together very tightly. "Rose, this isn't healthy," she burst out. "Keeping it in this long can cause serious damage. We've got to think of something."

"There is nothing, you said it yourself," Rose countered, squeezing her eyes shut and tapping her foot. Talking about her predicament made her all the more aware of it. Not for the first time that day, she wished that she had been born with a more regular type of skin, one that could handle a day spent on the beach. "Nothing short of waiting or wetting myself."

"You could go in the sand, though," Jade said stubbornly. "If you sit with your arms around your knees like that, no one will notice. Just pull aside your swimsuit, or pee through it. It will dry up quickly, and you can wash it off later when the sun is not so strong." Rose bit her lip. Jade's words sounded really attractive right now. She was too scared to get caught, however, so she shook her head. "I can't do that. If John or Dave comes over..." she paused. That situation did not bear thinking about. Dave would never let her hear the end of it, and John would not look her in the face for weeks.

They drifted off the subject again, and Rose took extra care to stay focussed so that Jade would not worry about her. She was now tapping her foot constantly, and her thighs were pressed together more often than not. But just as Rose thought she would be able to make it if she kept up like this, something happened that completely shattered her belief in that fact. She was listening to Jade tell her about some animal Bec had caught last week when something hit her hard on the back of the head, causing her head to jerk forward.

All her muscles tensed in shock, and to her own horror she could feel a small spurt of urine forcing its way out of her urethra and into her bikini bottoms. She let out an involuntary sound of distress and clenched her legs as tightly as they would go, stopping another outburst through pure force of will. Jade had jumped up and was now yelling at the kids who had thrown the tennis ball, but Rose hardly heard her speak. The small moment of release had increased her desperation a thousandfold, and no matter how strong-willed she was, she would not be able to make it.

"Jade," she said, gritting her teeth against a strong urge. "I am not going to be able to make it. Can you please pull away my towel? I don't think I can manage it."

Jade's eyes widened, but thankfully she complied quickly, pulling away Rose's towel while Rose herself gritted her teeth and lifted her hips a fraction, her hands clenched into the sand behind her. If she stood up now she would let go, and even the small effort of lifting her hips was almost too much. She pulled her knees to her chest like she had done before, wrapping her hands around her legs as though she was simply cold. Jade was watching her closely, which made Rose slightly uncomfortable. She took some deep, calming breaths, trying to will her muscles to relax. The thought of anyone watching made her clench up more than she had before, though, and try as she might she could not pee.

The frustration must have shown on her face, because Jade placed a hand on her shoulder again. "No one will notice," she said, her voice low and soothing. "I'll keep watch for you. Don't worry, just go."

Rose nodded, closing her eyes to hide the tears of frustration welling up in them. She would not cry like a child over being unable to pee, for Heaven's sake. She tried again to focus on her breathing, clenching and unclenching her muscles. Jade's hand was still on her shoulder, her thumb stroking against Rose's bare skin, telling her without words that it was okay. Rose focussed her attention on that movement of skin on skin - up, down, up, down...

The first trickle of urine took her by surprise, and she almost clenched up again, but the relief was too great for her to really stop. She pressed down and there was a hissing sound as a strong spurt of urine hit her bikini bottoms and trickled into the sand. Rose's cheeks flushed at the sound, and she glanced over at Jade to see if she had noticed, but she was looking the other way now and did not say anything.

It was incredibly difficult to moderate the stream, but Rose managed it, letting her pee trickle out at an agonisingly slow pace, staining the back of her bikini shorts, hoping against hope that she would not create too big a puddle. It was good to finally let go, though, and this time the laboured breathing was caused by a sense of deep, overwhelming relief. It took her a long time to finish up, and though she was still nervous about getting caught she managed to finish without anyone being any the wiser. Her bikini bottoms were completely soaked, but that would probably dry, as Jade had said. The stain would probably barely show, but still. It never hurt to be careful."

She moved aside shakily and surveyed the damage she had done. Thankfully the puddle she'd created wasn't too big, owing to the fact that she had moderated herself, but the sand was definitely damp around that area, and it would be quite obvious to anyone coming over. Rose grabbed the bottle of water she'd been drinking from before, and on the pretence of taking a swig she spilled quite some of it over the wet spot, making it quite invisible. She smiled up at Jade, who returned the smile encouragingly. "Feel better now?" She asked.

Rose nodded. "Lots better," she said, moving a bit further away from the mess she had created. "Though I had better keep my bottom touching sand for a while."

"If you're okay I'm going back to the sea for a bit," she said, smiling sheepishly. Rose glanced up at her. "After you just made me go in the sand?" she said, raising one eyebrow, but she was obviously joking. Jade stuck out her tongue. "If you want a show I'll give you one. Just some other time," she said, then skipped off towards the sea. Rose thoughtfully looked after her. A show, indeed. Perhaps that would be nice. But for now she would return to her book and wait for the time to pass.

###

This story was inspired by the most marvellous desperation roleplay I have ever had, and I seriously want to credit my RP partner for being so inspiring. Thank you for reading!

For those of you interested in how I imagine their looks: http://www.whatpumpkin.com/images/T/calendar.jpg

In the picture on the right, Rose is the blonde girl with the hat, and Jade is the one with the cute two-piece leaning over her. Dave is the one in the shades, and John is the one with blue glasses. Sorry for the calendar picture - I couldn't find a better one.

*004*2014-12-07 23:53

Hello, and thanks for your nice comments! It does indeed exist, I suffer from it myself. It is really annoying when one is outside in the summer, and so I thought to use it in a story for once. Apparently this has the added bonus of teaching people about the condition xD.

*006*2014-12-10 02:59

First of all, welcome! And yes, we should really involve her sometime. I am sure she will be great fun to play in this context... Perhaps if that experiment goes well we can post it to the RP board.

