The say the first day is always the hardest

Author: Little Widow

*000*2015-06-12 02:36

I really need to write something other than Natasha wetting herself. Or like, work on "The Perfect Boyfriend" or "Summer of Love." But yet my day has sucked royally and I needed to blow off steam so here we are. If this gets enough love I may continue. Well, I'll probably continue anyways, regardless, because I'm just that way. :P This'll mostly be little one-shots though I think. Anyways, this was kind of fun to write, so here we gooo!

(Chapter 1?)

She had been in this room for well over two hours. It was a holding cell, she knew. She had heard the man who had been sent after her- Barton? She thinks that's his name- being told to put her in holding cell two. She could easily escape, even without her weapons. She had gone back and forth between staying and leaving, even scoped out the vent situation a little (They looked big enough to crawl through from the ground). But still, he said if she wanted any chance at being able to walk away without prison time or a death sentence - and he had assured her that she WOULD face them without his help- than she needed to be good and do what he said.

But she hadn't expected it to take so LONG. And she was nearing the last of her energy reserve. She was tired, and above all else she had to pee. She hadn't been since before he started after her. She whined and shifted a little. Maybe sitting down would help? There was a table and two chairs in here. She took a seat, and no sooner had she done that and the man- Barton, she was was sure now- Came in, a few files in his hand and a look on his face not much different than the one he had last time she saw him. It was one of anger, pity, and fear, all trapped behind a grumpy and impassive mask.

"Look, I think you should understand why anyone is a bit hesitant to trust you," He said, sitting across from her. "You've got quite a few deaths on you, and, to be honest, you've gotten quite sloppy lately."

She wanted to come up with a smart-ass remark to throw back, but somewhere in the back of her mind, she was still pretty certain she was going to be killed, and she needed any allies she could manage. She shifted a little before nodding. "Look, you have to understand, I was- I am- a cold blooded-"

"Save it, the people I ran with before SHEILD probably weren't much better than the ones you've been running with," Barton said. "Anyways, they've got a plea bargain for you. Do what I say, follow my orders, or you'll end up in jail, and someone- Probably the director, if we're being honest, is going to shoot you."

She flinched at how casually he said the words. It made her even more surprised by how upset the words made her. But this was something she could work with. She could handle this. Her bladder throbbed painfully, making her whimper. "What exactly will you have me doing, Barton?" She asked cautiously.

"Hey, call me Clint. That's what most of the people call me around here," He said, smiling for the first time since he'd met up with his handler after he extracted her. "Anyways, right now we're just gonna have you going through some counseling, and pick your brain a little. No missions, no killing, no Widow stuff. Just nice, normal, human things."

"No... missions?" She gasped. "But how will we defend-"

"Easy now Red," Clint said firmly.

"How will I know what to do?! And what sort of torture do you mean to do! Pick my brain? Are you turning me into a second asset?! I won't allow it!"

"Hey calm down Natasha! They still haven't finalized your papers and I can still kill you ya know!" Clint snapped

Natasha gasped as he towered over her, a look of anger and rage on his face. When she had last seen a man that angry, he took it out on her. She whimpered, and covered her face and head, ignoring the pleas from her abdomen to take it easy, and her body chose that moment to fully betray her. She began to cry as she curled up in her chair, waiting for the blows to begin as she wet herself, the body suit she was wearing flooding with warmth. It gushed out of her, a small faint hiss could be heard, and she felt like she had completely and totally hit rock bottom here.

"Oh shit, I didn't mean- Hey, don't cry," Clint said. "It's not... it's really not the end of the world."

"How can you say that?! I've been captured by maybe enemies, I'm being subjected to torture for my crimes, and now I've completely disgraced myself in front of the one person who was offering me a second chance!" She sobbed. Clint grimaced and left, but he wasn't gone long. he came back with a few stress balls.

"You know, you're not the only one who's been through shit," Bart- Clint said. "I used to be a part of a crime team. Well, mostly just an evil freakshow but hey, I did learn a few things." He smirked, and began to juggle the items in his hands. Natasha stopped crying enough to watch. "And we aren't going to torture you. Or hit you. Do you know all the crap HR would have to go through? And how much paperwork my boyfriend would have to file? No, we're just gonna help you adjust. Send you to see some people and talk. But like I said, you follow me. So anything you don't feel comfortable doing is okay too."

Natasha finally wiped her eyes, her mascara gray and wet on her hands. Maybe she wasn't wrong to give herself up. Maybe... maybe this would be a way to clean her ledger.

(AN: Yeah, kinda cheesy, kind of lame, I have a hopeless girl crush. But I just needed to deal with my emotions and this kind of came out of it. I have an idea or two to keep it going, but only if you guys want. so, just drop me a line if you do. I'll be waiting! ;)

*002*2015-06-13 05:01

I'm hopeless. :P but these really are fun to write, and I'm beginning to remember why I write. And it's a hell of a stress reliever too. Anyways, yeah, just fluff this time. Next one SHOULD have a little Omo. Also, this story is getting a Trigger warning, cuz this is Natasha Romanoff and I'm just a heartless writer. Probably mentions of torture, abuse, and maybe non-con later on. Not sure. Any who I've babbled enough. STORY TIME! :)

Chapter 2

"This is YOURS?" Natasha asked incredulously. She had been assigned to Clint until they were sure she wouldn't go completely bat-shit and kill someone by accident. They had even given him bigger quarters. She was sure it was because he was the only person crazy enough to trust her. Her therapist said she did, but then again doctors are paid to say shit like that.

"Eh, it's nothing really," Clint shrugged. "I'm rarely here anyways. I'm usually with my..." He fell short.

"Your boyfriend?" Natasha chuckled.

"My handler," Clint corrected, but the blush in his cheeks gave him away. She had known since he had brought her with him to meet the man they all called Coulson. He seemed nice. He threatened to Taze her and watch Super Nanny while she twitched. She hadn't batted an eye, just sort of stared at him. He was crazy enough to challenge her and trust Clint. He seemed okay. "Anyways," Clint started again, pulling her out of her trance, "He's coming over tonight to fill out some paperwork he says he needs your help with. He said he would cook. Of course, he really doesn't trust me to cook."

"And why is that?" Natasha asked curiously.

"It's... kind of complicated," Clint answered, scratching the back of his neck. "I kind of set the kitchen on fire last time I tried to cook." Natasha laughed. "Hey! You grow up in a circus, you tend to skip over how not to make everything a flaming dish!"

"You, Clint Barton, are a very funny man," Natasha tittered.

"Well, glad I could amuse you then," He smirked. "Come on, you must be tired after everything." Natasha nodded. She hadn't been sleeping well since her capture two days ago. She had been having horrific nightmares of her training, various missions with who they called, "The Asset." She hadn't always woke up from those dreams in a pleasant state either. At least she had been able to hide the aftermath and save her pride at least a little. The nurses were a bit more forgiving than she figured Clint would probably be.

She had never had anything so nice as this guest room before! Her own queen sized bed, an en suite bathroom with a HOT shower, and a small little desk in the corner. Her therapists had suggested she try journaling, so she figured the desk would be a good place to do so.

"...And then we do our laundry on Thursdays, and then we come back and order take out and watch cheesy eighties movies," Clint informed her. "You need anything, I'm just a room away. Just like, knock first, okay?" Natasha nodded, settling her small self on to the bed. He smiled. "sweet dreams."

As soon as he was gone, she spread out. She smiled. Maybe things would get better. She yawned. Two nights of tossing and turning took its toll on a body. She carefully crawled under her massively fluffy comforter and closed her eyes.

* * * *

"No please! I'll be good this time! I promise!" She had begged.

"No, you're much too sassy to be any sort of good," An unknown man said. "Take her to the black room!" Suddenly two people had her by her arms and legs, dragging her into the blackness. The black room had always been where the recruits who couldn't take it were taken. She had seen many of the girls dragged from their beds in the night. muffled pleas for help echoed in her ears as she was dragged into the black room.

"Stop! STOP!" She screamed, thrashing helplessly. She was strapped down with leather restraints to the chair.

* * * *

"Tasha wake up!" Clint said, gently shaking her shoulder. She woke with a scream, her hands managing to wrap around themselves around Clint's neck. "Natasha," He choked out. She let him go as she trembled.

"I'm sorry," She said in a tiny voice.

"Hey, it's okay," Clint said, sitting at the foot of the bed. That was a good move. She didn't trust herself in this state. "I can't tell you how many times I did the same thing to Phil. Well, not the exact same thing. I kind of slept with an arrow or a knife under my pillow. I may have caused him a few nicks." That same habit of rubbing the back of his neck. It must be a thing he did when he was embarrassed, she decided. "Seriously, it's okay. Now, come on. Phil's bringing pizza. The good stuff too, not some stupid chain."

"What does a restraint have to do with food?" She asked, her face as blank as ever. Clint laughed, and she couldn't help but smile. She slowly assessed her present state; dry, thank GOD. She nodded, undoing the covers and following him to the living room.

* * *

They were so enamored with each other. Clint and his boyfriend slash handler. She had listened to Phil go on and on and ON about the forms she was signing, initialing, dating. Most of it was so that no one could arrest her unless she violated company policy, a few disclosures.... she just did what she was told. That's what Clint had said to do. He then proceeded to play footsie with his lover under the table. Natasha had rolled her eyes. They were such children. She finally had found an excuse to retire early, stating a need to try some new techniques they had told her to try in therapy. It wasn't entirely a lie. They did suggest she try and get to bed earlier, take her time, build a routine. She wasn't sure how. But she decided to start with a shower. After a little bit of fiddling, she figured out how to work it. She took her time, letting the warm water wash away her stress and the nightmare from earlier.

MEANWHILE....

"Clint, you're doing a great job as her handler," Phil said. "I know that this afternoon was hard, but you did good. I wouldn't have done anything different."

"I just, I keep worrying I'm gonna fuck her up in one way or another," Clint huffed.

"That feeling is normal. At least you two aren't going out on missions," Phil pointed out.

"But.... But what if she CAN'T?" He finally asked. "What if she can't handle missions? After everything she's been through, I.... I don't want to push."

"If she can't handle missions she can be a paperwork assistant," Phil said simply. "I can ALWAYS use help with paperwork."

Clint couldn't help but laugh. "Yeah, somehow I don't see that happening," He chuckled, giving Phil a quick peck on the lips. "You're the best, you know?" Suddenly, there was a tiny little "ahem," From the hallway. They looked up to see Natasha in standard issue SHIELD clothing. Clint made a mental note they needed to go shopping.

"I'm not sure if it is customary in your culture, but I came to say goodnight," She said, the smallest of smiles on her lips.

Clint and Phil both smiled warmly at her. "Goodnight Natasha," They said in unison. She smiled, returning the gesture before returning to her room. She could trust them, she was sure of that. Maybe, in time.... they would be a family? She didn't want to get her hopes up, but going to bed thinking about it... maybe that would keep the worst of the nightmares away.

*003*2015-07-05 22:37

I HAS AN UPDATE!!!! :D These really are turning out to be quite long, but I enjoy them. :) Lemme know what y'all think! Also: Trigger warning for brief mentions of violence. Doubt it's needed, but better safe than sorry. :)

Chapter 3:

* * * *

"STOP!" She begged, before she felt another hand come down on her again. "Please, I'll be good! I promise!"

"SHUT THE FUCK UP YOU USELESS BITCH!" A fist collided with her face, sending her into blackness.

* * * *

She woke, tears in her eyes as she screamed. She frantically looked around, grateful Clint hadn't come in like last time. Her breathing became less frantic but more ragged as she settled down. It was then that she felt it: the sheets were soaked underneath her. She groaned. She had very little in the way of clothing to begin with, and these accidents weren't helping. She angrily got out of bed, stripping the sheets and herself before going to shower.

* * *

"So I heard you've been screaming in your sleep," Nina said. She told Natasha that if she didn't like doctors to just call her whatever she felt comfortable with. She said she wanted Natasha to trust her. "Are you still having bad dreams?"

Natasha nodded slowly. "Usually it's about my first handlers," She said slowly. "They weren't the nicest people."

"I can imagine," Nina said. "Do you feel ready to tell me what they did?"

Natasha shrugged. "Didn't someone tell you?"

"No, we only know what we found out a few days ago," She said calmly.

Natasha took a shaky breath. "They used to beat me up," She said. "When I wasn't good enough or fast enough, they'd hit me. They said I was worthless, and maybe they should just kill me like the other failures."

"You know you're not a failure, right?" Nina said. Natasha shrugged. "Natasha, you're human. There are things outside of your control, and you were wrong to be punished for them, alright? Try and remember that."

"It wasn't outside of my control when I had accidents on missions," She scoffed.

"Yes, it was," Nina countered. "Your body can only take so much Natasha. Try and remember you're not the reason the world is a horrible place. You might have done bad things, but you didn't get a say in them, alright?" Natasha nodded slowly. "I'm proud of you for opening up today. I'll see you back on Friday."

* * *

"So how did it go?" Clint asked as they walked back to his quarters. She shrugged. She didn't feel like discussing therapy yet. "Okay then. Look, the SHIELD clothing is knd of boring, and not everyone has a leather fetish, so I was thinking we could go shopping today if you wanted."

"Shopping?" Natasha asked. "As in a shopping center?"

"In America we call them malls. You've never been, have you?" He asked. She shook her head. "Good, because I needed to get to the mall anyways to get some stuff for Phil. We'll go after we have lunch with Him."

* * *

Turns out Phil had to work through lunch so CLINT had decided Natasha needed to try this greasy sandwich that they sold at the mall called a "Cheese Steak." It tasted like a million calories in the best way. As they finished eating, he lead her to their first stop, a store that looked like a clothing bomb had gone off. "Why are the people twenty-one forever? Is it because the store is so messy?" She asked.

CLINT chuckled. "They aren't, it's just the name of the store. It has something to do with looking young," he explained. "Anyways, I'll be in the guys section. You look around and find some stuff, okay?"

Natasha nodded. Surely they had SOMETHING in this mess that she would like. She scanned the sections close by Clint, finding some skinny jeans and basic tops, and some that were what they called "crop tops." She had never seen so much, and they had EVERYTHING here. Clothes and bras and underwear, and pajamas too.

Finally Clint came over, some shirts in his hands. "You want to try any of that on?" He asked, noting the ever growing stack in her hands. She shook her head. He shrugged, leading the way to the cash registers. Her stomach dropped when she realized Clint was the only one of the two of them with any way to pay for anything.

"Maybe I should put this-"

"Don't even start. I wouldn't offer to take you shopping if I minded paying," CLINT said politely.

"But I have no way to pay you back," She said, knowing there was ONE way... But she doubted that was what CLINT wanted.

"Hey, it's no big deal, really," he insisted. "I don't mind spending money on you. That's what friends do. Well, sometimes anyways."

"That's what we are? Friends?" She asked hopefully.

Clint smiled. "Yeah, that's exactly what we are," He answered confidently. Natasha kept her mouth shut as CLINT checked them out, cringing at the total. As soon as she came into some money, she decided she would pay Clint back for this. They spent the rest of their afternoon wandering around the mall. They bought Clint new running shoes, A few ties for Phil, and Natasha a few pairs of socks. But when they passed the toy store, Natasha couldn't stop herself from asking if they could go inside.

"Ummm sure," He said. He didn't want to discourage her actually speaking up. She smiled and tugged him by the wrist inside. It was an interesting place, filled with trains that ran on tracks around the walls, colorful blocks and books lining some shelves, dolls and action figures lining another and THERE. It's the display of stuffed animals that had pulled her attention inside the store. And there, sitting on the top shelf, she finds it.

The bear is hot pink with white swirls and a little black nose and a brown bow around its neck. It's unique, a little strange and a little girly. Natasha quietly picks him up, runs her fingers over the soft fur on his body before she cuddles it.

"Do you want it?" Clint asks with an amused smile. Natasha blushes a deep shade of red. WEAKNESS! her mind screams, and suddenly it's all she can do to keep from crying and screaming. Her breaths start to hitch and the panic must be evident on her face because Clint has his arms around her suddenly. And the weird thing is, she doesn't attack him for it. Somehow this feels right. As she realizes he's talking to her, she begins to listen closely to him.

"....Breathe Tasha. I can't help you if you don't talk to me," He murmurs. "I'm sorry if I upset you."

"Y-you- didn't," She gasped. God that sounded so WEAK. "S-sorry."

"Tasha, breathe, just try and relax, okay? I'll call Phil," Clint said calmly. Oh God. IF they went home, that meant she was going to be punished for this. She whimpered. She didn't want to be punished. She wanted to be good. Good girls didn't have panic attacks. She couldn't stop the hysterical tears as Clint lead her to his car. So much for a good day.

* * *

"Hey Tasha," Clint said with a smile as he entered her room later that night. Oh God, here it came. He had left her alone after they had gotten back. She had cried herself to sleep and woke up crying and soaked. She had found her bag of clothes by the door, and all of them were there. That just meant he was taunting her. She looked up at him with nervous eyes.

Clint quietly came in to the room. "So... I get it. I mean I had my fair share of panic attacks when I first came here too. And over really silly things. Like when Phil and I were on a mission in Kentucky trying to stop some drug lord, and we went to this barbecue place-"

"Does this story have a point or is listening to you babble my punishment?" Natasha asked before her hands flew over her mouth. "I'm sorry I didn't-"

"Tasha," Clint said sadly, "Why would you think.... Actually, yeah I can see where that could be your logic. But you're not getting punished. I'll never punish you for something out of your control. I- WE came in here to cheer you up." He pulled the teddy bear from behind his back, the very same one that she had had the panic attack over.

"You... you got it!" She squealed, taking the bear and smooshing it to her chest. "Oh thank you Clint thank you thank you thank you!"

"You're welcome," He smiled. "Glad I could make you feel better."

Natasha examined the bear happily. "Did you mean it when you said you would never punish me?" She asked.

"Yeah. Phil would kill me if I did, and then he'd have to fill out at least fifty forms," Clint said with a smirk. "Plus, my parents kind of smacked me and my brother around before they died. It wasn't too much better when I was in the circus either. I made my brother a promise I'd never 'punish' anyone."

Natasha smiled. "I'm glad," She said, running a hand over the bear's fur.

"So what's his name?" Clint asked. "I mean a bear this special HAS to have a name."

Natasha thought for a minute. "I think I'll call him... Pinkie bear," she smiled. "Like pinkie swear, but better."

"I love it," CLINT smiled.

(AN: Yeah, kind of a weird ending here, but I like it. It's really cute and Clintasha-y. :) Hope y'all enjoyed it!)

*004*2015-07-09 16:25

New update! :D as usual, trigger warning, mostly for torture and brief mention of abuse, although the only thing is they are captured and put in a cell, and then Natasha mentions some of her training at the end. But still, better safe than sorry. :) enjoy!

Chapter 4:

Natasha began to hyperventilate. This wasn't supposed to happen. They were just going to get tampons from fucking WALMART of all places!!

"Tasha, come on, I need you to breathe," Clint said, calmly, pacing around the cold, tiny cell. She assumed he was trying to find an escape route. She couldn't think. All she could feel was fear. THAT was the problem with emotions! WHY did her stupid doctors not see that?!

"We're gonna die," She choked out, shaking. "We're gonna die we're gonna die we're gonna die oh God Clint we're gonna die!"

Clint slowly wrapped his arms around her sobbing form. "Tasha, we're not gonna die. They didn't even take my phone. These guys are amateurs, they just gagged us and threw us in here. Phil's gathering up the team and he said he'd be here as fast as he could."

"Why can't we just escape?" She asked, sniffling miserably.

"Cuz rule number one when you're captured is decide what keeps you the safest. And as long as no one comes in to beat us up, it's probably safer in here than out there."

"But um..." She bit her lip and squirmed.

"Oh. Uhm..." Clint blushed. It had to be with a girl on a late night tampon run. It just HAD to be. If it were Phil he would have just told him not to be stupid and to just piss in the corner. But Tasha was.... a GIRL. Yes that was sexist thinking but he was a boy and she was essentially a civilian, despite the fact that she had once been a vicious killer.

"I'll just wait," She said, though in all actuality she had had to go since before they left. Clint chewed his lip.

"Tash..."

"And what alternative is there in this stupid stone cell?" She asked, still shaking. He shrugged. He'd been captured enough to know not to expect much from your captors. "God I wish I had Pinkie Bear...."

"I know Tash. Come on, let's just rest. Who knows how long until something happens?" Clint said. Natasha nodded, simply sinking to the ground against a wall. Clint sat next to her, silently offering his support. Natasha curled up against him. This whole ordeal had been exhausting and she just wanted to rest. Her eyes slowly drifted closed against her will.

* * *

Someone was screaming. That was the first thing he realized as he woke up. Then everything else hit him: Captured, cell, torture... His eyes flew open as he hopped to his feet, not realizing Tasha had fallen asleep. She gasped as she awoke too, tears in her eyes. Clint settled down and slipped back in to the spot next to her. Never mind his own body needing something, she was more important.

"Clint," She sobbed.

"Shh, I'm here," He breathed, wrapping an arm around her shaking form. "I'm here Tasha, you're safe."

"When is Phil coming?" She whimpered, a hand resting on her thigh.

"Soon. He probably has to clear it with Fury and that always takes ages, especially when it's.... almost midnight," He sighed. "He'll be here, I promise. How are you holding up?"

Natasha winced at the words, squirming even more. "I just want my bear and to be back home," She whimpered, not even trying to hide the hand in her crotch.

Clint winced. "You're not gonna like me," He sighed. "I have to pee too."

"Great. Just great," She muttered.

Clint shrugged. "I'm wondering if our captors aren't just perverts," He mumbled, shifting. "Ugh, I know how this ends. Are you gonna be okay if, um..."

"Your body, your choice," She said, repeating what they kept telling her.

He smiled sadly at her. "You know you could..."

"Not a chance. I'm a lady," She sighed. He nodded, walking to the farthest corner away from her. She squirmed even more. Falling asleep had been a mistake. She had woken up dry, but it felt like she had been dealt double the hot golden liquid in place of an accident. She didn't dare think of what Clint was doing, or how the sound of liquid hitting the floor only made her bladder throb painfully, or the fact that their captors had yet to come in an bug them. Seriously, you'd think if they wanted the Black Widow and a freakishly accurate assassin at their disposal, they would have made their demands by now. Unless... Oh no. Unless this was just a stop on the way to where they were really headed. "Ah!" Her panties got damp as she panicked.

"What is it?" Clint asked, finishing and re-situating himself before he joined her on the floor.

"What if this is just stop number one? What if they're waiting on someone else to come get us? Or to kill us?" She asked.

"Then Phil will stop them," He said.

"How can you have so much blind faith in him?" She asked. "He hasn't shown up yet."

"Because he said so. Phil keeps his word Tasha," Clint said, rubbing her back.

"Tell me about how you two met," She whimpered, needing a distraction from the constant throbbing of her bladder. Clint saw this and regailed her on how he had had a shitty childhood and shitty teen years that sort of culminated into the epic fail that was joining the circus/crime team. At some point he realized how much trouble he was in if he didn't get out, and that's sort of how he and Phil came into contact, because he informed the authorities of how he knew about plans to rob Stark Industries. He was explaining how he and Phil finally confessed their undying love for each other (Clint's words, not hers), when Natasha's poor bladder finally gave out.

She whimpered when she felt the seat of her jeans getting absolutely drenched as she whimpered. "I'm so-"

"Shhh, you tried so hard Tasha. It's okay," Clint cooed. She simply could not fight it anymore and leaned into him, simply sobbing again. Damn emotions. Damn everything. When the torrent from between her legs finally died off, she let herself slump against Clint.

"Well fuck," She coughed out. She would have said more but suddenly there were sounds of someone approaching. This was it, they were going to die. Except... she could hear gunfire. And... fighting? She paled when she realized that, just like Clint had promised, Phil had come for them. Suddenly the door was kicked in, and there, in a bullet-proof vest, was Phil Coulson, and a one-eyed pirate spy.

"Director," Clint said, pulling the two of them to their feet. "I-I can explain..."

"Good, you can explain why SHIELD is harboring fugitives in my office when we get back," The pirate-spy said. "Oh, and you forgot something." He chunked the box of tampons at his head, and Clint caught them. Natasha whimpered but felt Clint's firm arms around her.

"You're okay. You're not going anywhere Tasha," He said firmly, anger taking over his features. Phil handed her Pinkie Bear from inside his vest. Well, at least if she was going to rot in a goverment prison, she wouldn't be alone.

* * *

Things were quite a flurry when they returned. Everyone either gasped or snickered when they saw the deadly Black Widow in soaked pants. There were, however, two agents who gave her sympathetic smiles and offered to go with her back to Clint's quarters. In fact, one girl- Tina, she was pretty sure that was her name- Planted herself directly by Natasha's side while she waited outside the directors office for Clint.

"You're not the first person," She said, handing Natasha a blanket. "They say it happens to most people the first time they get captured. At least the stubborn ones. They told us in training its a good way to end up with wet clothes and a head cold and to just suck it up and piss in the corner."

"In Russia they taught us to hold it and if we piss ourselves we will be beaten and made to lick up the mess," She said plainly, snuggling into the blanket.

"Well, you're in America now, things are different," Tina shrugged. It was then when they heard Clint swear and Phil poked his head out.

"Tasha, we could really use you right now," He said. "Thank you for watching out for her Tina."

"No problem Agent Coulson," She smiled. Natasha took a shaky breath, kept a firm grip on her bear as she walked into the spy-pirate's office.

"Natasha, this is Director Fury," Phil explained. "He was unaware that we had taken you in as a refugee and would like to ask you a few questions."

"And he BETTER NOT shoot you," Clint added icily. Natasha gulped. This was so bad.

"Just sit," Director Fury snapped. She hesitantly sat down in the only leather chair she found, which was directly in front of his desk. "Listen red-head. I am in charge of everything around here. That rescue? Me. Your treatment? Me. That purple bird brain who seems to think you won't kill anyone? My best agent. And he seems to be pretty protective over you. Is that true?"

Natasha nodded shyly. "Clint kept me calm and quiet and distracted until you and Phil came for us," She said quietly.

"Phil? He let's you call him Phil?!" The director asked angrily, earning himself a snarl from Clint. "Look.... Natasha. You've got them wrapped around your fingers. I, on the other hand, am not so easy to persuade. You've made quite a mess of my jobs lately and I do not appreciate it."

"Director..." Natasha started, making him look at her eerily with his one good eye. "I.... I didn't get much of a choice in who I was or what I did before. And the side effects of what I did aren't that great either. But... I want to be good. I want to make up for what I did. Somehow. Clint said he's my handler and I do what he says, and that he won't make me do anything I don't feel okay doing. Phil- Coulson, whoever, seems to trust him. I haven't killed anyone yet, have I?"

"Tasha-" Phil started, before the director silenced him.

"You said yet. Are you planning a murder? Or a mass killing-spree I should know of?"

"No sir. Clint wants me to be a normal human, or at least not a serial killer. I'm working on that in therapy," She said nervously.

The director seemed to think about this for a minute. "And you're taking full responsibility for her and all of her actions Barton?" He asked. Clint gave the angriest nod she had ever seen, and that seemed to be enough for the director, who turned to her. "Listen well, because I do not repeat myself. You are to do whatever that man says. He says go to therapy, you do it. He says sneeze, you do it. Cause any more problems, and I will not hesitate to throw your ass in my very cushy jail cell, got it?"

Natasha gulped, but nodded. That seemed to be the end of it, and soon she and Clint were on their way back to their quarters. Pinkie Bear seemed to sense that they were okay, and that Clint was just being a stubborn, overprotective man. Somehow Natasha was okay with that. For the first time in a long time, she slept dreamlessly and peacefully that night. Even when she woke up at five in the morning to wet sheets, it didn't seem so bad. As long as Clint was around, she knew that no matter what happened, he would keep the two of them safe.

*006*2015-07-21 21:13

Alright so here's the deal: Someone I work with, who I also happen to be very close with (In a strictly professional manner mind you: We're all girls where I work) kind of.... "Resigned" on the ninth (Read into that all you want: You're probably right, but I can niether confirm nor deny it). And thus, here I am, taking out all my problems on Tasha again. She just seems to be my victim of choice. And as I am dealing with feelings, this might get kind of triggery. As usual, a warning for possible mentions of abuse, torture, and MAYBE non-con. Maybe. I just want someone else to feel the sense of loss and distrust at everything I am feeling right now. So yeah, let's torture Natasha some more, shall we? Also, fair warning: I ended up breaking this into two parts, simply because as I wrote it, it got pretty long....

Chapter 5:

Natasha panicked internally. Maybe this wasn't happening. Maybe this was all just another one of those horrid nightmares and any minute now Clint would come in and wake her up and things would be fine. But somewhere inside her head she knew that wasn't the truth. She whimpered, trying to fight the tears she knew were coming. She hoped Maria Hill was as nice to her now as she had been earlier.

A FEW DAYS BEFORE:

"Nat, we need to talk," Clint said as he and Phil sat at the breakfast table. They had made her hot chocolate. They knew it was her favorite thing. This was a very bad sign.

"What's going on?" She asked nervously, looking at the drink rather than sipping it. Pinky Bear was secure in her arms.

"Nothing is wrong per se," Phil started. "We just have a mission."

"Oh," she shrugged, not getting it yet.

"That's all you have to say?" Clint asked, a bit of confusion tinting his features.

"I mean I don't ENJOY sitting around with Phil but..."

"Natasha," Phil said gently. "I have to go into the field with Clint. You can't come. You haven't been cleared yet."

Oh. Oh. OH! "But... But where am I- I mean the Director SAID he wouldn't kill me but- and then the bear and- and-"

"Breathe Tasha, breathe," Clint said, coming over to hug her. She was shaking and on the verge of tears.

"We asked around and you have a couple of options," Phil said. "You mentioned Tina, and since I'm training her, Clint and I are fine if she stays here while we're gone, or Agent Hill has offered to let you stay with her in her on-base quarters."

Natasha chewed her lip. They told her not to hide how she felt, that it was a bad thing to do. But old habits die hard. And besides, as far as she knew, Agent Hill hadn't seen her disgrace herself. "Agent Hill," she said evenly. Phil looked at Clint, who must have given some sort of look of his own before Phil nodded. "I'll let her know."

THE NEXT AFTERNOON....

"You have everything?" Clint asked as he stood in the doorway of Natasha's bedroom. She nodded slowly, and as she did so, Clint saw Pinkie Bear's ears poking out of her backpack. "Good, cuz I have a present for you."

"Clint I really don't-"

"Hush silly girl," he said, digging around in his pocket. At least it was small. He finally pulled out a silver key. "Since you're officially a member of SHIELD, I figured it best you have a key to this place."

Natasha took the small piece of metal into her hands, examining it. "Does this mean...?"

"Consider it a welcome gift, since I'm officially your handler," he smiled.

Natasha glanced at the key, then at Clint, then back at the key. She pocketed the object with not a hint of the emotions she was feeling. "I'm ready."

Clint nodded, leading her out to the living room. "Natasha, this is Assistant Director Hill," he said evenly.

Natasha paled. Surely she knew what had gone on in that blasted cell. What the director had said. What she had done....

She didn't realize she was having a panic attack until Clint had her in his big, strong, arms, whispering softly to her. "....the bear Tasha. Where did you pack him?" Clint whispered. She sniffled and pointed a shaky hand at her backpack. Phil dug Pinkie Bear out, and silently handed the bear over to her. She buried her face in his soft fur, that smelled like.... like Clint?

"I made sure I put some of my cologne on there for you, in case this happens while we're away," He explained quietly. Natasha nodded. Even though she didn't feel ready, she tried to shove the panic away, with more success than she had thought she would have, and wiggled herself out of Clint's arms.

"I-I'm sorry Miss Hill," She stammered, fearing rebuke.

Maria looked at Clint, before she continued. "Just call me Maria, or Agent Hill. Whatever is easier on you," She explained in a voice that sounded strangely Canadian, but still put her at ease. Phil lead her into the hall while the grown-ups talked (His analogy, not hers). When Clint and Maria finally returned, She threw herself onto Clint.

"Come back to me," She begged softly.

"I swear Tasha, I'm coming back. And when I do we'll get you caught up on all the Disney Princess movies you missed," He said, earning a small laugh from the two agents behind him. Natasha nodded, un-hugging Clint before grabbing her bear and crushing that to her chest. As Natasha walked down the hall away from Clint, she tried hard to keep her breathing even.

Maria eventually stopped in front of a large door. She placed her palm on the scanner and it opened instantly, revealing a lush suite, something similar to Clint's place, but.... bigger. There was more space, and the furnishing was a little less worn. Actually, it didn't look like anyone was ever really here. "....So this is where you'll be staying until they get back," Maria pointed to the guest bedroom, opening the door for Natasha. Again, like her room at Clint's but... bigger. Even the bed looked larger. "I know it's nothing special but it was last minute and I didn't want Director Fury to butt in."

"Does he still hate me?" Natasha asked softly, sitting on the edge of the bed, bear still crushed to her chest.

"Not directly," Maria said, sitting with her. "He's just a bit leery to trust you, because he thinks you'll go rogue again. I think Clint was right and you deserve a second chance. After everything you've been through Natasha... You deserve a chance to be free."

Was she ever truly going to be free though? She doubted it. "So what do you do all day?" Natasha asked.

"Meetings, meetings, and more meetings," Maria sighed. "And I have to be in command at seven since that's when Clint and Phil are supposed to land. You can stay here or come with. We don't have to go anywhere until after lunch."

Natasha nodded. She ended up curling up on the bed. "....Can we watch a movie?" Maria smiled. Turned out she had as many Disney movies as Clint, but she preferred the animal ones over princesses. They ended up watching a movie about two dogs who fell in love and had a lot of puppies. Then they were dog-napped by this lady who had an unhealthy obsession with fur coats. "Isn't that sort of thing illegal?" Natasha finally asked.

Maria shrugged. "I suppose. It wasn't really okay in the sixties either," she answered.

"In Russia all the rich women had fur coats," Natasha explained. "That's how I knew who my targets usually were." Maria wasn't quite sure how to respond to that, so she settled for a smile and a pat to the head.

"You hungry? I have some yummy sandwich stuff." Natasha nodded eagerly, following the woman to the kitchen, eyeing the box on the table carefully.

Maria smiled. "Let's take a peek."

*008*2015-07-27 02:16

Tada! A new update! :D For those of us just joining in: Last time, Clint and Phil left for a mission, leaving Natasha with Maria Hill. They were watching 101 Dalmatians and are now going to investigate what's in the mysterious box on her kitchen table. Mentions of kidnapping, and panic attacks. Now then:

Chapter 5 (Part 2):

"Let's take a peek," Maria smiled. In truth it was a present she was HOPING would keep Natasha still and well-behaved (And hopefully panic-attack free) while she was in meetings all day. She handed Natasha the package and smiled when the girl gasped. Inside was one of her blank sketchbooks, along with a coloring book and some crayons. Maria was quite fond of art, and had found it to be quite a stress reliever (Something she sorely needed in her line of work). She hoped it would work for Natasha as well. "Do you like it?"

Natasha nodded tearily. She still wasn't quite used to the idea of presents with no strings attached. It vaguely crossed her mind she should be "thanking" Maria for her gift, but the rational part of her told her not to. Maria let her examine them while she made lunch: Chicken and tomato sandwiches with arugula on her Panini press. She also grabbed two bottles of juice out of the fridge and a bag of sweet potato chips as well, ever the health nut. Natasha had decided to wait to use them and instead let Maria set the table. They ate in companionable silence, and Natasha sighed when she finally finished.

"Did you get enough to eat?" Maria asked. She didn't often deal with the refugees that SHIELD came across, but she noticed that they ALWAYS looked underfed. Natasha nodded eagerly, and Maria smiled. "Good. Go wash your hands while I get ready to go," She finished instructing. As Natasha slipped off into the guest bedroom, she made a mental to do list. Her notes were waiting on the table, she had Natasha's art supplies, her folder (She really needed to look through that later), and... the bear. If she left without the bear she was sure all hell would break loose. Luckily, when Natasha reemerged, she had it in her arms. Maria handed her the box, and off they went towards the conference room. Natasha was sat quietly outside the door, and the guards were instructed to inform her and only her if there were any problems. They nodded, saluting her. All in all things were relatively quiet. At least until someone came bustling towards the doors and the guards stopped them.

"State your business," The taller, bulkier brunette said.

"A-an issue has arisen with Agents Coulson and Barton," He stammered. "Assistant Director Hill is needed in command ASAP." Brunette didn't take his eyes off of the guy but his counterpart, the one with sandy blonde hair, went into the room. Natasha, meanwhile, paled. No. Clint promised he would come back! Her breathing came more rapidly, and it was then that the others noticed her.

"Who's that?" He asked.

"I dunno, Hill just told me to make sure she was good and if she wasn't to get her," Brunette said. Hill and Blondie emerged from the room, and Natasha frantically stood.

"Breathe Tasha, I'm sure this is nothing," Hill assured the clearly frightened girl. The five of them made their way to command, Natasha cradling her bear the whole way. "Talk to me, what's going on?"

"Their plane went off radar thirteen minutes ago. It was hijacked and Agent Barton was taken. Agent Coulson landed the jet and was the one who contacted us." Natasha began shaking. Clint had been taken. Phil had lost contact. He was in trouble. Her chest was tight. He was in danger. Her hands shook. Clint might... He might... She couldn't bring herself to finish that thought, and she didn't realize she was on her way to the ground until Maria caught her. She couldn't help the loud sob that escaped her. Suddenly all the agents in the room were glaring at her, until Maria barked some command and they all begrudgingly turned back to their work. Natasha wanted so badly for Clint, but he was lost and she had to stay here and be good. And a panic attack was not part of being good.

All of a sudden a new voice entered her realm. That girl... Tina. She moved to sit with Natasha while Maria went back to the chaos that was this mission. Natasha remained fairly quiet as she settled. Tina had another blanket and offered it to Natasha.

"Why do you always have blankets?" She asked, wrapping it around the two of them.

"They suggested it in training," She explained. "Agent Coulson takes us through a psych training as well as physical and mental. They give us different coping techniques to try, and one that works on me is snuggling with blankets. They seems to work for you too, at least a little."

Natasha nodded and remained quiet after that. She was still trembling. All she could think about was Clint, and if he would be okay.

The day passed slowly, and Tina and Natasha eventually made their way to the cafeteria.

"He'll be okay Tasha," Tina said, setting a sandwich in front of her.

"You don't know that," she mumbled, poking the bread with her finger. "He said when you get captured, you have to judge what's best for your safety."

"And Clint is an expert at that by now," Tina promised. Natasha was about to open her mouth when Maria sat down with them.

"How close are you?" Natasha asked her instantly.

"Phil is working on a plan with the others as we speak," she informed the girls. "We're probably going to send in a team for extraction."

Natasha nodded. "How is Phil?" She asked nervously.

"He's in mission mode Tasha, he's just fine," Maria assured her. "You need to eat."

Natasha really did try, but she could barely stand to put half of her sandwich in her stomach, worrying if Clint would be getting any supper. It didn't seem fair for her to eat and not him. Finally Tina went back to her quarters and Maria lead Natasha back to her own.

"How often does this happen?" She whispered.

"More than you'll ever know, especially with Clint," Maria said gently. "The boy is a danger magnet." Natasha nodded slowly, curling into a ball on Maria's bed. "You need to sleep Natasha."

"Uh uh," she said, cuddling her bear. "Nightmares."

"Do you want to stay here?" She offered. Strange as that would be, promises were made, and at least one had to be kept. Natasha shook her head frantically.

"I-I'll... I guess he would want me to sleep," she whispered. Maria nodded. Natasha sulked off to the guest bedroom. The bed was so big and nice and would be such a hassle to try and clean when she inevitably messed it up. But anxiety attacks were tiring and she was already worn out from stressing about CLINT. She no more than curled up under the covers and she fell asleep.

* * * *

The next time she opened her eyes, it was morning. She could tell because of the smell of maple syrup and meat coming into the room. She sat up with a stretch, grimacing when she felt the soaked bed beneath her. She would have to deal with that today. She sighed and went to get in the shower and start the endless cycle of her day. It wasn't as bad as usual. Maria made sure not to mention anything about the mission or the fact that both of them looked like they had gotten next to no sleep. But then it got exponentially worse when Maria led her to the medical wing, bear in arms.

"No!" Natasha said, trying to run before the two beefy guards from the day before carried her into the therapy office. She screamed and cursed in Russian but it did her no good.

"Natasha," A new voice said. She looked up to see herself sitting with a new female. She was thin and blonde and had a ring on her finger. "I heard some things happened yesterday that upset you." Silence. Absolute silence. If she didn't talk it would give them less to use against her and make them let her go quicker. "Are you going to talk today or should we do something else?" Natasha raised an eyebrow and the blonde lady smirked. "Come on, do you like exercise?" It turned out that the medical wing had a recreational exercise room. No punching bags (Much to her disappointment), but she could run on the treadmill to her hearts content, and THAT is when she opened up about Clint, and the panic attacks, and a little bit about her bedwetting. The blonde took notes, until Natasha was sweaty and crying and barely jogging as the treadmill came to a complete stop.

"What if he never comes back?" She finally asked. The blonde looked torn between telling her the truth or a lie, when she finally settled on a compromise. "I think you'd still be here. Well taken care of, by all of us. But I think he's okay, and he'll come back Tasha." Another pretty lie she let herself believe. She decided she needed some alone time after that, and went back to Maria's place. It was quiet, clean. She showered again before stripping the bed and taking it to the wash, coming back up and passing out in Maria's bed.

* * * *

"Natasha?" Maria called. It was her voice that Natasha awoke to, and it took all of about twenty seconds for the color to drain from her face. Distraction, she needed a distraction.

"Um, I-I'll be out in a minute!" She called.

"Are you sure? I have good news," Maria said, her voice closer. Bad, this was very bad. She began shaking as she panicked. Think. Think... The lock! Stupid. She quickly locked the door. "Nat! What the hell?!"

"Um, I-I was... working on a surprise and it's not ready!" Stupidest. Response. Ever. Maria, ever the agent, began to pick the lock with one of her hairpins. Natasha's stomach dropped and she whimpered. Well, this was nice while it lasted. The door flew open, a slightly pissed off assistant director about to demand answers before she realized they were spelled out in front of her. Huh. She momentarily thinks that she should have read Natasha's file when she was trying to sleep last night.

"Oh Nat," She finally said.

"I'm sorry! I'm sorry I didn't mean to I'll clean it up and buy you a new bed and do whatever you want I promise just don't- Don't-"

"Natasha, come on, relax," Maria said, handing her the bear. She snuggled the thing close, trying to breathe in what little of Clint she had left, bitter tears rolling down her cheeks. "Come on, you're okay. You're safe Natasha. No one is going to hurt you, okay? It was just an accident."

Natasha sobbed harder, expecting to be hit or violated but instead she was gently scooped up and set down in the guest room. Maria dug out some extra clothes, and handed them to her. "Get dressed. They're back," she told her before leaving. Natasha steadied herself enough to try and get out her wet clothes. She could shower later. As soon as she was changed she ran to find Agent Hill, who was waiting by the door. As she followed her to the infirmary/medical wing, she tried to keep her breathing even. The last thing she wanted was to go into hysterics now...

Finally she saw him. He was unconscious and all cut up, bloody and he was covered in bruises. She wanted to scream his name, but she couldn't seem to form a coherent thought. Clint was here. He was alive. For the first time in a long time.... someone kept their promise to her.

___

*011*2015-07-30 23:17

Next two updates are getting major MAJOR trigger warnings. This one is for Definite mentions of past non-con/rape, as well as the usual possible torture and abuse. Also, as I have never had such things happen to me, I'm going off of what I've read about/heard. Please know I do not mean to offend/trigger/upset anyone. It is purely meant to amplify backstory, as I imagine a former Russian assassin has seen some nasty, horrible things. If you are okay reading, proceed. If you are not, I will put a synopsis at the end of this update.

_____

Chapter 6:

It wasn't like she MEANT for this to keep happening. Pinky Bear could attest to that. Yet here she stood, again, in the SHIELD laundry mat at three in the morning. She found it was the safest time to come because the only other people here were either drunk, washing their drunk friend's puked on clothes, or in the same boat as her. They had a little support group going, and Pinkie Bear was the group leader.

"Really, why haven't we just sucked up and told medical yet?" David, one of the new recruits, said. "They'd probably know what to do."

"Because, they'd probably laugh at us and then kick us on our asses after they made sure to brainwash us," Natasha muttered. "At least that's what Pinky Bear thinks they do when they want to fire someone."

"Yeah, and then your handler's boyfriend has to fill out all the paperwork," Tina, joked. Natasha honestly wasn't surprised when she found her down here one night. "Seriously though, at some point, someone is gonna figure out what's going on, and then what? I'd almost take telling someone and seeing what they have to offer over this. Not that I don't enjoy our little sessions."

"Yeah, I love you guys, but I need sleep. They make us get up at five in the morning," David whined.

"Well, at least we get more sleep than the agents do," Natasha said, looking at Tina. She shrugged. And that was how their sessions usually ended. They gathered their now clean bedding and pajamas, said their goodnight's, and went back to their quarters, either to keep fighting sleep, or to try and get more of it.

* * *

"Hey hot shot," Clint said, pouring a glass of coffee. Natasha waved with a loud yawn. "Still not sleeping?"

"Nope," She said, slumping into a chair.

"Dang. You weren't screaming last night though. Maybe therapy is starting to help?" Clint said. She frowned and tightened herself into a ball. Therapy most certainly was NOT helping, all it was doing was dredging up old memories she had fought hard to suppress. She only went because she got to exercise, and the only reason she hadn't screamed last night was because she was sobbing. They had covered some of her sexual history in therapy before she screamed and broke a few windows and ended up being sedated.

"I don't want to go to therapy anymore," She muttered, rubbing her eyes.

"I know, but it gets... easier at least," Clint shrugged. "Phil made me go through the same shit when I first got here too. Hey, tell you what? We can stay here and watch Disney movies today."

"Disney Movies?" She asked. "How many are there?"

"Like.... a million," Clint said with a goofy grin. "Come on, I have all the princess movies. And you made me a promise!"

She snorted. "You are the only man I know who actually sits and watches Disney Princess movies willingly."

"So that's a yes?" He asked, his eyes sparkling.

"Alright," Natasha sighed. At least he wasn't making her go back to sleep. Clint beamed and hugged her tight, forgetting her space-bubble issues that were flared up again. "CLINT!"

"Sorry," He said, quickly releasing her. She smirked, and hit him with her bear before going and curling up on the couch. He pulled in a few of the extra blankets and pillows for them before starting with "The Little Mermaid."

"Can we make a pillow fort?" She asked softly. He grinned wildly at her and nodded. Turns out building shelters wasn't a skill that had been lost. They made an EPIC pillow fort, with enough room for the both of them, Pinky Bear, and some wiggle room. They watched as Ariel got her legs, Natasha slumped against Clint. He smiled.

"May I rub your arms?" He asked. She nodded slowly, and he wrapped an arm over her shoulder, gently letting his thumb go back and forth against her arm and hand. Natasha found the action to be quite soothing, and found her eyes drooping. In fact, by the time they finished singing, Natasha was asleep. Clint smiled and pulled the blanket up around her.

* * *

"I don't want to-"

"Shut up or I shoot," he growled. She kept her lips still and let him do what he wanted to her. She stared at the ceiling, just waiting for it to finally be over, waiting. Waiting was the worst part. It always was and it always will be. "Natasha," he finally said. She looked at him with confused eyes as he finally left her body alone. "Natasha wake up," he added.

* * *

She was sobbing, she figured that out once her eyes opened and she heard the broken cries in their fort. She couldn't stop herself from falling apart, holding Pinky Bear to her chest, letting Clint hold her to his own chest. The sound of his heart was a reassuring sound, steady and rhythmic. When she finally settled down enough she realized it; she had completely drenched the sleeping bag she had been laying on, herself, and probably Clint.

"Oh my God," she whimpered.

"Hey, it's okay," he said gently.

"No it's not!" She said, the tears re-entering her eyes. "I-I didn't mean to Clint I swear! I'll do whatever you want just- just-" she couldn't even breathe hardly at all. Clint crushed her to his chest, talking softly to her. She couldn't hear any of it. All she could hear were the profanities (Both in English and Russian) that were screamed at her constantly throughout training, missions, rapings. All the threats to her safety, her person, how worthless she was. She couldn't calm herself down, and suddenly she realized Clint had moved her. She was in their tiny kitchen, and Clint was offering her a pill someone had prescribed her for her panic attacks. She opened her mouth slowly, before gulping down the glass of water he handed to her. As she waited for it to take affect, she trembled.

"It's okay Tasha, really it is," Clint murmured. "It's happened to me before too."

"It's not. I'm weak, and stupid," she sniffled. "I'm horrible, broken, a filthy whore. I don't deserve any of this Clint!"

"Hey, that's not-"

"Yes it is Clint!" She snapped. "You aren't me! You haven't lived through the horrors and tortures I have! No one has ever violated you on as intimate level as I have! You don't know me!" She screamed, before running right past him, to her room, and locking the door.

She cleaned up mindlessly before she began to think. She needed out. She had to get away. And Clint probably wouldn't let her pass without a confrontation. That left her one choice: the vents.

* * * *

SHIELD air ducts were incrediby spacious. Natasha figured Clint might have had something to do with that. She figured at this point Clint was looking for her, and had probably called Phil and her stupid therapist. She shook her head. No way in HELL was she going to deal with that. She COULD however use a snack....

Natasha turned back around, and after two left turns found herself over the mostly empty cafeteria. She was about to pop the vent covering off when she heard people running in. She crawled back a few inches, listening closely.

"See Clint? I told you she wasn't in here," Tina said. Shit, they were after her. "This base is too big. There's no way the three of us can possibly find her."

"And what's the alternative? Let fury find her and shoot her?" Clint growled. "No way. I promised her I would take care of her. No matter how many times she makes me feel like pulling my hair out. Now where's our next quadrant?"

Tina rambled off a few room numbers and then they were gone. Shit. She was being pursued. Well, she was the Black Widow. She could kill you before you had time to blink. She simply crawled back along, stumbling across Phil. He was sighing heavily with his phone to his ear.

"Yes I'm AWARE that it's protocol, that doesn't mean she was fucking ready for it though!" He said in a big huff. "Oh really? Well, maybe I'll take her to a non-SHIELD counselor then. ....Oh you're reconsidering, hmm? Tell you what? If you can talk her out of the vents, we'll reconsider." Before the other person had time to answer, he hung up. Phil was... on her side? About what? That it was too soon to talk about her.... sexual history? That she needed more help than she was getting? Something about his concern put a lump in her throat and she struggled to keep crawling away. She found a vent that let out over a seemingly empty room before she started crying again. Why were they looking for her? She was just a useless charity case. Hopelessly broken beyond repair. The scars on her body, both inside and out, should have proved that. She heard the door open, and looked down, struggling to remain quiet.

Maria Hill entered the room. She was holding a few scraps of paper, and went to a corner of the room she couldn't see. She returned with a painters palette, filled with paints. reds and oranges, and whites and creams and blacks, and the tiniest bit of green... She pulled an easel to the middle of the room, and pulled a sheet off of a canvas, and it was... her.

It was an outline of Natasha's silhouette, her face kind of sketched in. She was with another woman.... she had been completely painted in, no face, but dark brown hair, a blue dress. It didn't take Natasha long to figure out that Maria was painting the two of them. As weird as it was... It was also kind of flattering. She finally couldn't take it and popped out of the vent, landing with a light thud. Maria turned quickly, gun pulled. Natasha quickly put her hands in the air. Maria sighed and placed the weapon back in its holster.

"Natasha what are you doing here?" She asked, quickly throwing the sheet back over her painting.

"Hiding," Natasha answered. "What are you doing?"

"Whatever I want," Maria said, quickly trying to cover up her activities. "Does Clint know you're here?"

"No," Natasha shrugged. "We had a fight."

Maria sighed. This was so not going well. "He found out, didn't he?" The way Natasha looked at her feet was enough of a yes. "And how did he react?"

"I had a panic attack and he tried to tell me stuff, but I couldn't really tell what it was," She admitted sheepishly. "Are you gonna make me go back?"

".....Not until you're ready," she sighed. "I am going to call him though so he doesn't freak out."

"Too late," Natasha whimpered. "He won't listen if you call him. Call Phil instead. Please?"

Maria sighed but decided to indulge the girl, calling the agent instead. After that she took Natasha back to her living quarters, sitting the girl on the couch. "Care to tell me what you two were fighting about?" She said, sitting across from her.

Natasha took a deep breath. "He was trying to convince me I wasn't the only one who's been through... stuff," She explained. "He tried to tell me that he's wet the bed before. And he tried to convince me I wasn't a whore."

Maria scooted closer to Natasha. "I heard what happened yesterday in therapy," She said gently. "They shouldn't have broached that topic yet. You're not ready. And I can tell you beyond a shadow of a doubt that it doesn't make you a whore, or a slut, or any other horrible name you can come up with for yourself, okay? You didn't get a choice in the matter. Neither did I."

Natasha jerked her head up. "You too?"

Maria nodded. "When I was sixteen. My ex-boyfriend was an abusive bastard. No one really believed me. I ran away from home after that. That's a large part of why I'm here. I want to protect people from bastards like that. If I can get through it, I know you can."

Natasha nodded slowly. "Can I ask you something?" She said softly. When Maria nodded, she continued, "Why were you painting me?"

"Oh God, you saw that?" She asked, a blush rising in her cheeks. Natasha smiled ever so slightly. "I.... you're beautiful Natasha. You're wonderful, deadly, and graceful and... And I like it."

Natasha nodded. That was enough of an answer for now. "Is Clint mad?" She asked.

Maria smirked. "No, he's just upset you ran away," she explained. "He really cares about you Natasha. As much as he cares about Phil. And he and Phil are.... quite a thing."

Natasha nodded slowly. "Maybe... maybe I should go back," She whispered. "Just so he stops panicking." Maria smiled and offered her hand To Natasha.

* * * *

"NATASHA!" Clint screamed, running to the girl when he finally saw her, but stopped short of a hug, knowing that she was still pretty sensitive about touch.

"It's okay Clint, you can hug me," She said softly. He wrapped his big strong arms around her, and for once, he was the one shaking a little.

"Don't do that again," He said as he pulled away, begging. "Please Tasha. I was so worried. We can fix whatever happens. Just don't run."

She nodded softly. In the end, what did it matter? She had good people around her. Maybe they could fix the damage. Maybe she wouldn't be broken forever... It was a pretty lie to let herself believe.

___

SYNOPSIS FOR THOSE WHO CHOSE TO SKIP: Clint finds out about Natasha's bedwetting problem. This results in her climbing through the air vents at SHIELD to avoid dealing with Clint. She and Maria have a moment, and then Natasha goes back to Clint. Next update may be a while, the person who's computer I am borrowing is currently on vacation. I'll prep as much as I can now though. :)

*013*2015-07-31 18:18

{{:

That was excellent I can't wait for the next update =))

}}

Im so glad youre enjoying this! :) I have to admit, I was really nervous to post this update because I've never written anything like this before. But I'm so happy you like it. :))

*015*2015-08-03 01:08

Alright, so a friend of mine on here is having kind of a shitty day/week. So I thought she might like this. :) ALSO: major MAJOR TRIGGER WARNING. Mentions of mental illness, misuse of alcohol, depression, self-harm, and past suicide/suicide attempts. I am ruthless. Seriously, this gets dark. Fortunately the next update should be happier. Amd if you have anything you want to see me write for this particular story, do let me know. :) Okay for real though:

_____

Chapter 7:

He had good days. A lot of good days. But, every once in a while, He just had really shit days. Sometimes he got some warning, and other days he just woke up and knew it was gonna be a day.

Usually he could just text Phil, and he'd be able to stay in bed, regretting his existence. But once Natasha came.... that changed things. He had to make sure she ate, that she took her medicine (They found that, just like him, she did better on medication than off. The mood stabilizers they had her on were helping her have far less panic attacks). And, above all, he had to be THERE for her. Ever since he actually sat in on a therapy session (At her request), he realized just how much she needed this second chance. How similar they were. Only she had been stronger than him, at least in one aspect: She had never taken a blade to her skin. She had done her own form of self-destructing. She ran into open fire, didn't really make an effort to come BACK from her missions. But still, she was strong enough to leave her skin unblemished, unwounded.

It grated on him, how far down the rabbit hole he'd once fallen. And so, when he woke up on that Wednesday, he knew it was gonna be a day from hell. He texted Phil, and buried himself in his bed. At least until he heard Natasha screaming. He groaned, getting up to check on her. He walked into her room, seeing her trembling and cuddling the bear. She always had that bear, but it wasn't exactly a bad thing. As long as he was around to keep people from making fun of her.

"What was it about this time?" He asked softly. She shook her head. "Okay. You need a minute?" She nodded. It had been a bit of an uphill battle for her to even come to him at first. But after he had gotten Maria Hill involved and she had pulled the "I'm assistant director" card, Natasha had conceded. With poor grace, and cursing in Russian.

Clint left her to clean up, and went back to his bed to hide from the world. Natasha knocked on the door once she was done, and he slowly poked his head out of his nest. "Need my meds," She said shyly. He nodded, dragging his heels.

Natasha, ever the spy, noticed his change. "Are you okay?" She finally asked. He shrugged. "Maybe you can go to therapy in my place."

"Nice try," He muttered. "Grab me the cereal?" She stuck out her tongue and grabbed Clint his fruity pebbles and her box of frosted cheerios. Clint fixed them their medicine and grabbed the jug of milk from the fridge. Phil walked in then.

"Wow, you got out of bed," He said, clearly impressed. Natasha gave Clint a look.

"You're not telling me the truth," She growled.

"Fine. Phil is gonna take you to therapy today. I'm not feeling good," He said, poking his cereal.

Natasha whimpered. "No, not without you," she declared. It was hard enough to go with Clint: without him was damn near impossible.

"Natasha-"

"I said no!"

Clint groaned. He couldn't stand the thought of facing the world, of putting on a mask and dealing with the utter feelingof despair and self-loathing. One look at Phil though, and it was decided.

"I'll call Seth. You look like you need it," he said. Clint rolled his eyes.

"I'm fine. We went through this before without him."

"And we didn't have another person we had to take care of before either," he answered evenly. Natasha, at this point, was pouring and refusing to eat. "Come on Natasha, you need to eat."

"No. Not until someone tells me what the hell is going on," she demanded. Clint gave Phil a pleading look, but the agent stayed firm and shook his head.

"It's not my place to tell her."

Natasha turned her glare soley on Clint now, and he growled. There was a REASON he stayed in bed on these days: everything grated on him. Even Natasha, who in his defense hadn't said anything about some of the fresher scars on his arms, the marks on his legs when they went to the lap pool. The last relapse was right before they sent him after Natasha. Like literally, Phil patched him up on the plane to Russia.

After what was probably the most stressful breakfast and morning routine, Phil lead the two grumps down to the infirmary. All he had to say was they better be prepared for hell.

Natasha see's the doctors and tries to run, only for CLINT to grab her, ignoring her screams of protest. Really, even he wasn't this combative this far along! Then again he'd never been dealt the hand she had. He sits her in the room, and she glares at him, until the doctor walks in. She sighs, seeing that it was going to be a day.

"Would you like to paint?" She offered. Natasha nods, just once, and barely noticeable, but the lady knows enough. Today they're going to use finger paints, and a sheet of paper is set in front of Clint too, with a wink. She pulls out the paints and let's them go at it.

Unsurprisingly, the pictures end up gory and grotesque. Natasha's page is smeared with red and brown, broken bits of white here or there. She claims violence as her muse.

Clint's picture is death and darkness. The whole thing covered in gray's and black, the only other color being a tiny trail of red. The doctor doesn't push, but begins working with Natasha more, and so Clint decides to sneak out and find solace elsewhere. Actually, once he catches the date on the gigantic info board in the hall, he knows exactly what he's going to do. He goes back to his place and grabs his keys and wallet, and a very special drawstring bag. He then heads to the garage and hops in his car. He drives until he sees a grocery store.

He heads to the liquor isle, buying as much booze as he can carry (it's just two six packs, but he grabs a bottle of whiskey too). He takes it to the front, ignoring the looks of the people around him. He then drives to the only place he can think of to do this; the park.

There's a nice pond, lots of ducks and birds. Even a few squirrels chasing each other. He takes the first six pack with him, and the whiskey. He can't do it sober. Never been able to. Maybe that's how Phil managed to get him to stop.

Doesn't matter. He drinks. And drinks. Until, at last, he's feeling a bit of a buzz. He takes a swig from the whisky, gags, and promptly smashes the beer bottle on the bench. He can't take it anymore.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

TRIGGER WARNING FROM HERE DOWN:

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

He starts delicately. Picks up the biggest shard, gripping it with a practiced ease, and slowly drags it down his arm. A tiny bit of blood flows, and he does it again. And again. Until he sees a tiny pair of hands on top of his, and hears Phil talking gently to him.

"....Tasha, hand me the blue bag," he says. "Clint, we talked about this, remember? You're supposed to come tell me."

"Sorry boss," he slurs. "Didn't want to be a burden. 'Specially since Barney-"

"Damnit," Phil swore. Natasha sighed, taking the bloody arm in her hands.

"Clint, this isn't a way to deal with your problems," she said gently,

"How'd you know? Perfect skin," he tries to sneer, but it comes out more slurred and helpless than he wants.

"Not all of it," she says, lifting her shirt to reveal her stomach, revealing several scars around her belly button. "It's amazing how far a body can go to protect itself."

"Clint, we're going home and you're going to bed," Phil said firmly. "And you're going to counseling tomorrow." Clint stuck his tongue out, but handed over the keys to his car. Natasha is the one who takes them. Phil takes him to his own vehicle, digging out a first aid kit. Clint falls asleep before he finishes.

* * * *

The next time Clint opens his eyes, he's back in his room. He groans as everything comes crashing back down on him: The date, the drinking, the cutting.... Phil... Tasha.... Damn. He rubs his temples and fishes around for a glass of water he's sure his fiance has left. He finds that and the bottle of Advil, popping two in his mouth before gulping down the glass of water. With that momentary satisfaction, he let's himself fall back into a dreamless sleep.

* * * *

He's vaguely aware of two things the next time he wakes up. One, Tasha is in bed with him, and two, they're both wet. She's whimpering, and he looks down to see her sleeping form. She's the reason he's all wet, but it's not like it's the first or the last time it'll happen. He sighs, feeling his own bladder throb. Before he can take care of it though, she screams. waking herself up in the process. He sighed and placed a gentle hand on her shoulder to steady her.

"M'sorry!" She chokes out, her breath hitching. He gently picks her up and takes her to the kitchen, placing her on the counter. He's not surprised to see Phil asleep on the couch. He takes out the medicine she takes when she has a panic attack, and hands her that and a glass of water. She chugs it down, and they stare at each other. Clint's doing a bit of a potty-dance, while she shifts in her soaked clothes. "Pinkie Bear?" She asks. He nods, but as he turns to leave his bladder gives in, and suddenly all that can be heard is the hissing of his piss against his clothes. Natasha quickly hops up, rushing to his side, hugging him despite his state. He blushes and closes his eyes, trying to pretend this isn't happening. And suddenly Phil is there too, and this feels like that night so long ago he was brought in...

* * *

"Hey kid," The agent says. Clint's trying so hard to get away, knows that any lapse in time and they'll find him, and probably kill him. Though this guy doesn't look much better than the circus freaks after him.

"Listen Mister, I think you got the wrong fella," He says, a clearly country twang mixing with the words.

"Nope, You're the man," He says gently. "You willing to talk?"

Clint shifts nervously. He doesn't want to die, doesn't want to lose ground, but something about this guy seems to emit safety, and shelter. Something he hasn't felt in a long time. "Yeah, okay," He relents, though the nervous dancing from foot to foot doesn't stop.

"You were quite a big help with that sting back there," The guy says. "Wouldn't have been able to stop those guys without your aim."

"Yeah, I guess," Clint mumbles. It's then that Phil realizes the dance for what it is.

"Listen, I've got a deal for you kid," He says. "You give up this hit and run business, and use that bow for something good. We can use a guy like you."

"Yeah yeah, that's what they all say," Clint hisses. "Then it's either beat the kid or turn him loose to fend for himself again. Ya know, you stupid people really oughta-" Clint stops, and suddenly there's a slow patter and a shining below the kids feet. Even in the dark, Phil sees the blush on his cheeks. He knows what's happened, and he genuinely feels bad for him.

He waits for Clint to finish, before he finally explains fully. "I'm with the government. We call ourselves SHIELD. We need a good marksman like you, and from the looks of things right now, we can offer you a safe cover, and protect you. You'd get a salary, three square meals a day, and your own living quarters. Access to a practice range, and more updated weapons too."

"The bow stays," Clint mumbles. "And you really want some stupid baby who just pissed themselves?"

"Yes, because said baby brought down an entire mafia, and the ones who are threatening you aren't going to be able to do so for much longer." Clint hesitates, before nodding. He figures it's what Barney would want him to do.

* * *

"So yesterday was the anniversary of your brother's death?" Natasha asked. Clint nods slowly, blowing his nose as The Little Mermaid plays in the background.

"He killed himself you know," He sniffles. "I couldn't... He was all I had and then he went and did it and I..." He tries to fight the tears in his eyes but Natasha hugs him.

"It's okay. You don't have to be strong," She says, handing him the bear. "I tried, you know, before you caught me." Clint looks at her through tear-blurred vision. "Some douche bag made me puke up all the pills and then sent me after someone, and then you caught me instead."

Clint nodded. "M'sorry Tasha. You didn't.... You didn't deserve to see-"

"Hush you idiot. It's only fair that if I share my weakness, you share yours." Clint nods, and that's how they stay. That's how he decides he made the right call that night. How he knows his brother is proud of him. Somehow he just knows.

_____

FOR THOSE WHO CHOSE TO SKIP: Clint has a really bad day that turns into a really bad night. Natasha comforts him, and then they watch the Little Mermaid.

*016*2015-09-03 01:11

I know I said the next one would be happier. I kind of didn't expect another emotional shit storm to hit either, so here we are. APPLICABLE WARNINGS: Glossed over purging, kidnapping, torture, threats, threats of sexual slavery, hallucinations, dub con/attempted non-con/rape, more torture..... Yeah.... :/ Idk. I just, don't even know. But I think it turned out all right. Of course, let me know what you think. ;) And as always, synopsis at the end if you choose to skip.

___

Chapter 8:

The first time she was lucky. Phil had known where they were. The worst thing that had happened was Natasha had pissed herself. No one had laid a finger on them, and they went home all sunshines and rainbows.

This time she wasn't so lucky.

She had gone out for a run. Not that she didn't like the treadmill or the track that SHIELD gyms offered, but she wanted to explore, and breathe something other than air conditioning. Her therapist suggested it. In between torture sessions, she reminded to tell her therapist to go fuck herself because that was the last time she was listening to the crazy bitch. She was currently having an internal melt down, and Red Room training was warring with SHIELD counseling advice and she honestly felt like her head was about to explode.

Something that kept running inside was the urges to self destruct. But she had started training with Clint (Against protocol, but her whole existence was against protocol, so), and if one thing kept her going, it was his words, "Do what keeps you alive the longest."

Funny, she didn't seem to see how forcing herself to purge what little was inside her stomach fit into that. Another reason to tell her therapist to fuck off. Still, it settled her enough to get her to just think clearly. And right now she had to survive. She had to, if only long enough to escape or kill the bastards, whichever came first. She didn't think about Clint. He could be looking for her, but she couldn't take that chance. She was on her own, in a strange place with strange things, and she had no idea what they wanted. Well.

She got her first chance to figure that out when they dragged her, hissing and screaming, out of her cell sometime after she fell asleep. She had no idea what they were going to do to her, but it had to be better than what they did last time, which was drug her and stick her in that damn cell to panic.

Strong, she reminded herself. You are strong, if nothing else. You can bend, but you won't break. She was shoved into a chair, and strapped down and left alone. That was better than it could have been. She started counting.

At 7,802, someone came in. He was horrible looking, had a balding head and a glass eye. Not too far from a pirate. He had a gun, and he set it on the table between them, along with a syringe full of unknown liquid.

"Natalia," He said in Russian. They didn't know she spoke English then. Good.

"What do you want you imbecile," She responded back in her native language.

"I'd watch my temper if I were you," He responded back sharply, but with an edge of calmness. "I don't want to have use my little friends here, but I will if I have to. Now then, I don't appreciate what your little friends did last time I captured you and the bird." So she was right before.

A hand stroked her red locks. She'd be shaving her head now when this was done. "Natalia, I know you know things. Things that I myself would like to know. Wouldn't it just be simpler if you taught me and we could go, and no one would be harmed in the process?"

"How do I know you'll keep your word?" She asked, her hands twisting and turning in their little binds. No good, they were secure, and she was out of practice with escaping from bondage. "How do I know you won't kill me once I give you what you want?"

"Oh believe me Natalia, you are the first female that has been dragged in here in ages. I would not worry about death. Slavery.... A much more likely outcome." She shuddered. Twisted men had twisted kinks. She'd learned that the hard way too many times. Each one promised to be gentle and yet-

"NATALIA!" He was inches from her face, and she could see an old scar that had faded on his neck. "Listen closely. If you want this to go easy, you will wait in your cell like the good girl you are. You will not whine, or whimper, or make a fool of yourself like you did the last time. Understood?"

She nodded with a gulp. So he knew. "And you would be wise to not let it happen at all. Some men.... Well, best you not find out." She was sedated, and when she woke up, she was in that stupid fucking cell again.

God. Okay, take stock, She instructed herself. No broken bones or bruises. Nothing hurt except her throat, which was to be expected. She saw food on the floor. Not a lot, but enough. She hesitated. She would need to make it last, in case this was her only meal. But she also needed to put as much in her as she could if she had to.... take care of things again.

No, you are strong, she reminded herself. So she ate. Slowly. She tried not to think about it and let her mind wander back to SHIELD. She specifically thought of Maria Hill. She wondered if the woman was looking for her. What traces she would find, if any. She wondered if the woman was worried. It was about that time she realized said woman was standing in front of her. Huh.

"You know you're going crazy." God, she must really be losing it to hallucinate. "I'm not real."

"I know," She says softly, weakly. "I'm still glad you're here though."

Maria smiled brightly, and that was that. They talked, of horrible things Natasha had endured, and how this was nothing, and how many times she had beaten Clint at arm wrestling when her cell was suddenly flooded with gas. Maria coughed, trying to reassure Natasha as she passed out.

* * *

When she woke up the next time, she was back in the chair. No, actually, this one was different. Metallic features with mild upholstery in the back. This could only get worse.

"You lied." This time in English. Great. "You lied you little bitch you. And now you are going to get your punishment like the little SLUT you are!"

Natasha whimpered. This was so bad. He growled, and forcefully attacked her lips. She knew this drill. This was one thing that she knew enough about to know not to fight. Next he wound his fingers in her hair, running his fingers gently through them. Sheesh! It was about then that he decided he should fondle (And by fondle I mean painfully squeeze) her breasts, when he backed off.

"Son of a bitch," He panted, pressing a hand to his ear. "Yes I am AWARE! Stall them! I'll have to finish this myself." He backs off, going to the table. "I really hoped I wouldn't have to do this, but since Duty calls and all that..."

Her mouth goes dry, and she can hear crackling above her head. She whimpers, struggling to get free when finally, the door gets forcefully shot to the ground, and suddenly all you can see and hear is light.

* * * *

It's not so bad here, She thinks. She watches her memories go by, in a whirl. Everything that has ever happened to her. How Clint has made her laugh, how Maria braided her hair... Her family.... And suddenly she's at the beginning, seeing her Papa for the first time.... And then the lights fade...

* * * *

"NATASHA!" Maria Hill screams. "Oh God oh God oh God Tasha please come back PLEASE!"

"Agent Hill," It's Clint. No amount of brainwashing could erase him from her mind. "Oh God. PHIL! WE NEED A MEDIC!" She sees the woman crying over her, holding her to her chest, whispering.

"I'm sorry! We should have been faster Tasha oh I love you so much please I don't care what happens just come back."

* * * *

"I'm here," She tries to say. Everything feels slippery, especially words. "I love you." But it won't come and all she can feel is a massive headache. Suddenly the crying woman is gone and so is Clint and Phil and she's left, drifting.

___

Yeah I don't know where that ending came from either. So I think that, after the next update, we will, HOPEFULLY, be getting back to the happy, recovery side of things. Probably. I've been in such an angsty mood though, and plot has to come from somewhere. :P For those who chose to skip:

Natasha gets kidnapped, and slightly tortured. She also has an imaginary conversation with Maria Hill, and then things get real. She is put in the same chair that they stick Bucky/The Winter Soldier in, and then she is drifting....

*017*2015-09-07 01:08

I honestly can't stay away from this thing. :P Still mega heavy, but less triggery. It's more backstory and healing this time. :D Still kind of dealing with the aftermath of the ending of the last chapter. So, for those who didn't (Or couldn't) read the last update, a quick synopsis:

Natasha is kidnapped and interrogated before being shoved back into her cell. Then she has an imaginary conversation with Maria Hill, before being shoved into the chair they use on Bucky in Captain America 2. Then she is rescued. Now then, onto the update! :D

_____

Chapter 9:

Clint wasn't one to typically flip his shit. In fact, before Natasha came along, he was a pretty mellow, carefree sort of guy. And then Natasha came, and suddenly his world was flipped upside down. But it was good. It made him accountable, gave him a reason to give half a shit about anything. She NEEDED him and, in a strange way, he kind of needed her.

And then her fucking doctor suggested she go for a run OUTSIDE of the SHIELD base. Phil had made sure the poor thing was properly taken care of, and that they would be finding her a new shrink once they got Tasha back. IF they got Tasha back.

They did end up finding her, but not before whatever the hell chair-of-doom got it's claws on her. Or rather her skull. There were burn marks on her head, parts of her curls were singed off, and she was currently unconscious in the SHIELD med-bay. She had been for going on two days. Someone was sitting there, around the clock. Well, sort of. Maria had tried, but somewhere between Natasha disappearing and someone finding her whereabouts, Maria had come to the conclusion that she kind of had an amorous thing for Natasha. This resulted in a lot of tears until Phil- God bless the man- had convinced her to stay home, and get some rest and clear her mind. So, Naturally, that left the two of them to be with Natasha. Clint usually took the night shifts, so that Phil could stay with her and get work done during the days.

It was currently three in the morning, and Clint was in a bit of a coffee haze when he heard, in perfect Russian, "I know you."

He looked up, and sure enough, her eyes were open, and she was staring straight at him. He could have kissed her, if not for the fact that his instincts were telling him something was very wrong. "I don't speak Russian," He responded, hoping that he hadn't botched that bit of Russian and she still knew English.

"Oh," She answered, this time in English. "....What am I doing here?"

"....It's complicated," He said. "What do you remember?"

".....I was trying to take down a target, but this man... he was following me. I think he wanted to kill me," She answered slowly.

Okay, that he could work with. "Well, I'm here to tell you he didn't want to kill you," Clint said, standing up. Natasha flinched, and Clint knew what that meant. "Easy Red. I'm not going to hurt you."

"That's what they all say," She muttered. "What makes you different?"

Clint smirked, grabbing Pinkie Bear from the chair, handing it to Natasha. "Cuz I got you this. You may not remember it, but I did."

Natasha stared at the toy blankly. It was too pink and fuzzy for her to ever want it. And yet.... As soon as she touched it, that say came back to her: Food, shopping, something about being eternally ageless.

"Anything?" Clint asked. Her hands trembled and she nodded.

"We... went to the shopping center. You bought me things and didn't ask me to get you off to thank you."

"Good," Clint beamed. "Do you remember who I am?"

She shook her head. "I'm sorry."

"It's okay. You kind of went through hell." He shrugged. "I guess I should get Phil..."

"To do what?" There was that hesitant, nervous girl he had come to love like his sister.

"Relax. I'm your.... handler. He's my Fiance."

"You are gay?"

Clint smirked. "You could say that."

Turns out that what had happened was a bit of mental recalibration. It didn't affect much, just what she had been through since she came to SHIELD. Not too bad, if he did say so. But that meant that they were back at square one. She was probably still dealing with PTSD, and all it's nasty side effects, and Fury was going to want to get his grubby hands on her and turn her into his own personal weapon. No way in HELL was Clint going to let that happen.

"We need to take her home," He finally said to Phil, once Natasha was asleep.

"Clint, she is home," He said, clearly not getting it.

"No Phil, HOME home. Like to your old place, or somewhere we'll all fit. I don't want Fury twisting her mind," He elaborated.

"Still don't trust him, do you Barton?" Phil sighed.

"I trust very few people Sir," Clint said, slipping into his professional (At least, as professional as he got) mode. "You're one of them. And I trust her, but she doesn't trust herself yet. We need to give her a safe place to find herself."

Phil smiled at him. "Now you're thinking like a handler. I'll talk to Agent Hill. She can probably come up with something."

* * * *

Turns out Maria was very good at coming up with things. She offered her own apartment to the three of them, on the premise that nothing was broken. So, the day Natasha was discharged, they took her back to their new (temporary) home. Phil was lining up shrinks to screen for Natasha, who to be honest was still very out of it. She was eating and drinking okay, but naturally her sleep habits weren't much better than before.

The first night was the worst. Every few hours she would wake up screaming, dripping in sweat, the bed soaked. She sobbed as Clint tried to help her, the same fears as before emerging. It took Maria showing up to get things settled, and then there was evening hot cocoa.

"Fury is really living up to his name for this one, Barton," She informed the man. "You better have a plan."

"I do," He said, though it wasn't 100% complete.

"Do you?" Phil asked with a deadpan.

"I do! Those idiots before wanted to turn her into a civilian, at most a replacement for Phil," He growled. "I see more than that in her. So I'm gonna take care of the girl MY way. She can be a field agent. If I take my time with her like you took with me Phil."

Both Phil and Maria's eyes widened. "Barton, you already had months of experience," Phil started.

"She has a whole childhood behind her Phil. She's broken, just like I was. She was tired of fighting and running, just like me. I look at her and I see myself. And I see potential."

Maria smiled warmly at him. "You know, I quite like it when you get all sappy Barton," She said, taking a sip of her cocoa. "I'll file the paperwork for you two to take some time off tomor- well, when I go in today. And, for the love of God, plan the wedding while you're off. Fury made a bet and I'd love to see him lose."

Phil chuckled, nodding. "We really do need to get it done, Clint."

"When we're good and ready," He muttered, jumping when Natasha screamed again.

"Good thing the walls are sound-proofed," Maria sighed. She stood, striding off to the bedroom.

"Clint?" It was Phil, his fiance, talking now. The man who knew that Hawkeye wasn't crazy when he brought the Black Widow in. The man who saw past the hurt and drama and show-boy attitude and saw potential in him. The man who taught him to write his name. "I'm proud of you." Clint beamed. For once, just once, he knew he hadn't fucked everything up. He knew that he had made the right choice, and for that, he was grateful.

* * * *

Turns out that, if given enough time and a therapist who DID actually care about her, Natasha was a lot better off. Which was why she was currently sparring with Clint on base, waiting for Maria and Phil to finish their meeting.

"Damnit! You gotta teach me how you always do that," Clint muttered, completely pinned to the ground.

"Oh, you'd like to know that, wouldn't you?" Natasha said, crawling off of him and offering her hand. Clint stuck his tongue out, grabbing it before attacking Natasha with tickles. She squealed, trying to run away before she heard someone enter the gym. The two of them looked up, seeing Maria Hill and Phil Coulson walk into the room, a file folder in their hands.

"Are you sure you're ready Natasha?" Maria asked nervously, ever protective of her love bug.

"Never been more sure about anything," She smirked, hugging the woman.

Phil kindly averted his gaze from them, handing Clint the mission file. "How do you two feel about Budapest?"

___

OOOOOOO AND THE PLOT THICKENS!!! xD I always knew it would end up there at some point. And what an interesting update THAT will be. ;D I told you things would get happier. Idk when the next update will be, but just give me some time, because I PROMISE It will not disappoint. :D

*019*2015-09-11 17:57

FRIENDLY TRIGGER WARNING: Graphic depictions of fighting, as well as violence. Seriously, it's not pretty. I TRIED not to make it super graphic, but then again maybe I did. If it's too much, I'll put a synopsis at the end. :) And for anyone familiar with Marvel canon (Or picked up on that line about Budapest), I give you my take on what happened there. :D

____

Chapter 10:

It was her first REAL mission. She was actually going out of the country, going in with Clint, and going to fight whatever evil lay beyond the scope of his rifle. She was to watch and be his back up.

Funny how nothing in her life EVER goes according to plan. Well, we're getting ahead of ourselves. Back to the beginning.

* * *

"God I HATE early morning flights!" Clint whined, throwing his duffel bag over his shoulder.

"Oh shut up. Weren't you telling me yesterday how easy this was going to be? How we could sleep the whole way there and do this with our eyes closed?" Natasha taunted, handing him a mug of coffee.

"This is why we brought you in," Clint moaned, gulping at the hot liquid, only stopping to wince when he burnt his tongue.

"You know, it tastes better if you don't burn your tongue," Natasha muttered, her own bag on her shoulder as they made their way to the car, and then to SHIELD. SHIELD had been a lot easier to handle since Clint had taken her home. She still didn't remember what had happened when she had been here before, but Clint did a good job catching her up. Pinkie Bear stayed though. He always did. He was tucked away inside her bag, where only Phil, Clint, and herself knew.

* * * *

"Clint, seriously, we NEED to pick a date," Phil grumbled as they slowly settled into their hotel room. It made Natasha laugh. The wedding was literally all planned out, EXCEPT for the actual date. She was to be Clint's best lady, and Maria the Matron of Honor for Phil.

"Babes, relax, we've got bigger fish to fry than that right now," Clint whined, chucking off his boots as he flopped onto the bed. Natasha rolled her eyes.

"Such a child," She muttered.

"Hey! I'm TRYING to be responsible and actually focus on our mission for once!" Clint pouted. This earned him a kiss, and Natasha melting on to her bed. They were to leave at dusk to survey the area, so might as well catch up on sleep until then...

* * * *

"Ugh, how long does it take to have a super secret weapons and drug deal?" Clint whined.

"Shut up Barton," Natasha said. "This is going to be easy."

"That's what they all say. They said YOU would be easy too," He muttered.

"Hey!" She growled, pinching him.

"Stay focused you two," Phil warned over their comms.

"Sorry boss," They both said, turning their attention back to their awaited target. Finally, the man behind the table went to open the door.

"Oh fuck," Clint swore, his hands reaching for his rifle.

"Clint?"

"Stay down, I know these douche bags," He growled. "They're circus." Natasha simply raised an eyebrow. She knew very little about Clint, and what she did know wasn't a pretty picture. He'd joined the circus, which eventually turned into him being part of an evil freak show. An evil freakshow....

"SHIT!" He yelled, pulling Natasha close. He threw his quiver over his shoulder, loaded his bow, and shot out a grappling arrow. Natasha kept a firm grip on Clint as they swung through the air, landing in an alley as the acrobats burst through the window.

"Run?" She asked. A nod was all she got before they sprinted through the night. They had no idea where to head, other than towards the lights. They didn't get far before the swordsman caught them, swinging. Natasha gulped, then took her move; she lept up onto his shoulders, wrapping her legs around his neck before using the force to both choke him and send him crashing to the ground. Clint was having little success, and Natasha used her widow bite to stun the man attacking him.

"You okay?" He asked. She nodded, when suddenly a shot came out of nowhere. It managed to hit Clint, but nowhere near anything vital.

"Fuck!" She swore, helping him to his feet. Someone jumped them from behind, managing to stab Clint in the ears before Natasha overtook her captor, throwing him to the ground. She attacked the man who was about to kill Clint and stabbed him. She gasped as he fell to the ground. Clint didn't waste a moment, pushing her forward into another sprint, ignoring the shooting pain in his leg. They found themselves outside of the city before long, an empty warehouse not far. They pulled themselves inside, sinking to the ground.

"Let me look at you," She told him. No response. "Clint, stop trying to be heroic and just..." She stopped short, as he looked up to her, ears gushing blood.

"Did you say something?" He asked. Her eyes grew as big as saucers, and she realized what must have happened.

"Can you hear me saying this?" She asked.

Clint tilted his head to the side. "Tasha speak up I can't.... I can't...." He paled and froze, realizing he couldn't even hear himself. "Oh Fuck what the hell happened?!"

"Shhhh!" Tasha hissed, pressing a finger to her lips. She took a stick and started writing in the dirt.

'You're hearing is messed up and we're stuck until morning,' she wrote. 'Be quiet and let me look you over.' He nodded slowly, trying to gulp back the fear rising up in him. He was a sniper. He RELIED on his senses. How was he going to be able to work if he couldn't hear? What was Phil going to...? Oh God.

"Comms. You got yours?" He asked. Natasha shook her head. He swallowed weakly. Well, they had no water, no first aid kit, and no way to call for help. Natasha ripped off part of her sleeve, tying it around Clint's leg to stop the bleeding. "Tasha, we need to rest." She nodded, pointing to him and then making a sleeping motion with her hands. "No way. You are NOT-"

'You're hurt. You need to rest more than me,' She wrote out. He humphed, but nodded.

"Cuddle?" She nodded, curling up by his side. They'd figure things out when the sun rose. For now, the important thing was to keep them safe. If anything had stuck with her, it was to do what keeps you alive.

* * * *

The next morning things went from bad to worse. Not only had they both fallen asleep, they woke to the sounds of gunfire at the door. Natasha woke first, dragging her gun out of it's holster. She shoved at Clint roughly, frowning at the amount of dried blood on his skin. He opened one eye, took in her stance, and drew his own weapons. No way he could shoot his bow right now, but a gun, he could handle sitting down. A few bangs later and the door went down, and suddenly it was an all out fire fight. Natasha swore in Russian at them, shooting until she ran out. Clint covered her as she reloaded, and then she started all over. They went like that, but she had only brought two clips with her. She paled when she ran out a second time.

This is it, She thought. This is how you will die. She closed her eyes as they closed in when all of a sudden....

Thwip! Bang! Everyone went down, and she saw an arrow in each victim. She looked behind her to see Clint, bloody and bruised, but bow in hand, ready to shoot whoever dared to come closer. She then looked in front of her, to see Phil, and at least a handful of other agents in front of the warehouse. She about melted into tears at the sight of them, and realized they were safe.

* * * *

When they reached the Heli-carrier, things went from bad to worse. In the process of extraction, the bullet wound in Clint's leg reopened, resulting in quite a bit of blood loss (And there was a lot of that to begin with). Natasha was cleared fairly quickly, and Maria was there with her the whole time. When she was discharged she ran straight to Phil.

"How is he?" She asked. Phil swallowed hard.

"Whatever they did to his ears, they destroyed his hearing," He choked out. "He's deaf."

____

SYNOPSIS FOR THOSE WHO CHOSE TO SKIP: Clint and Natasha go on a mission to Budapest, and they find out the goons they're after are working with Clint's old circus "friends." This results in a chase through the outskirts of town and a massive confrontation. In the end though, they get rescued. But Clint.... he is deaf due to some injuries.

