Pokemon Omorashi epic! - Page 21

Author: Alexxx

*501*2015-03-13 03:39

"Use Bide!"

"Soak!"

"Endure!"

"Water Spout!"

I growled as I held myself, my Pokémon chuckling at the sidelines. "You think you’re all hilarious."

"Hydro Cannon!" Static cheered.

"Oh, oh! Eruption!" Nova clapped, now at full health, sporting a wide, happy smile. "And do a flip!"

While I was pleased that he and the others quickly understood Sandy’s concept, I do wish the game had continued slightly longer so my Pokémon could sympathize with my own agony.

My legs were pressed together, and I slowly ground my palm into the crotch of my jeans. Sandy was doing significantly better, standing still, though with her legs firmly crossed.

"Waterfall?"

"You’re an absolute riot, Myst."

Sandy and I stood in place on the field with our Pokémon surrounding us, giving us mock orders that we blatantly disobeyed. Time passed and I felt my urge grow, and I couldn’t help but bounce embarrassingly in place.

"So, Physics story?" Sandy offered. I stuck out my tongue. "Oh, come now. It’s barely been an hour! Are you already so close to losing? To forfeiting?"

"Go Josh!" Nova shouted pumping his tiny fist in the air.

Static hopped on top of the small Charizard, not to be outdone. "You can do it!"

"Yeah, well, I’m not one to lose without a fight." I took a quick breath, winced, and stood up straight. "Tell you what – down what’s left in that liquor bottle, and I’ll finish my tale."

"Stubborn resolve, and infinite guile; oh, how your devious mind tempts me." Sandy purred, only somewhat sarcastically. "Sure, what the hell."

Skarr put a wing to his face as Sandy downed a significant portion of alcohol in a solitary swig. "You all make a mockery of yourselves."

"You’re still-" Sandy put her hand to her mouth, silencing a small belch. "You’re still playing against them, Mirror-bird."

Skarr gave a small grin. "That in no way inflicts upon me the desire or need to enjoy it."

"And you!" Sandy jabbed a finger at my sternum. "You owe me a Physics story."

"Biology."

"Whatever, I wasn’t paying attention to the subject." Sandy bit her tongue slyly.

"Fair point. Alright."

Deep breathe.

My Pokémon all sat down, content to hear the ending of my awkward tale. I drew a redundant breath, trying to focus on the story itself, and not the desperation it reminded me of.

"I was…in the hallway." I recalled. "There wasn’t enough time to get from Biology to English, use the restroom, and grab my books. Even doing two of those things was stretching it, and with the crowded hallways, every moment I hesitated was another moment I risked being late to class.

"I figured that, well, I had a high grade in English, and forgetting my books once wouldn’t catastrophically damage my grade. With that in mind, I dashed to the restroom."

"Boooo." Sandy frowned. "I got liver cancer for that?"

"Not finished. When I got there, there was a line for the guy’s bathroom. The only urinal got jammed, which meant that everyone in that hall had to use the toilet."

"Hah! How does it feel?" Sandy taunted.

"So, realizing that I can’t use the restroom and get to class…what’s one to do?" I winced. "I was at my limit – I could barely walk – but I just grabbed my books and went to class. I suppose my reasoning was that I could better hold myself sitting down then standing in the hallway."

"...How long did you last?"

I gulped. "Twenty minutes. Silent reading – child’s play – with the book on my lap, firmly jammed up against myself. I sat in the back, thankfully, so could squirm and twitch as much as I needed. Ten minutes went by, and I was rocking back and forth, feeling like I was going to bust. Five more, and I knew I was a bit damp. Not noticeable, but enough to know I had no time left. A minute later, I squirted again, this time warming my briefs, and leaving a small, tennis ball sized stain on my jeans, on the inside crease.

"Suddenly, like a miracle from freaking Arceus themselves, the teacher asked us to go to the copy room and fetch some printing paper. With the last of my resolve, I volunteered and bounded out of there."

"Did you make it?"

I bit my lip and bend over, my legs quivering in sympathy to my story. "Well, see, the way my school was situated, the restrooms were on the other side of the hall, nearly a minutes’ walk away, but the training field was only a few seconds. As soon as I was free of the door I bolted, running for all I was worth as my hand help my crotch in a death-hold. By the time I had made it to the grass, my bladder just couldn’t take the running and just started, just as I pulled down my zipper. I gushed through the fabric of my briefs, utterly drenching the front before I could, erm, maneuver my way out, and crouch in the grass. Best feeling of my life. I must’ve gone for more than a minute, and the grass steamed with the sudden heat."

"Lasting damage?"

My cheeks grew warm as I continued. "Well…my underwear was beyond salvation, so I…discarded them in the field…and continued my day. There wasn’t any visible stain on my jeans, so…who was to know? I grabbed the printing paper, returned to class, and continued reading."

"Smooth as hell." Sandy chuckled.

I snorted. "Hardly, if you count nearly wetting yourself in a grass field as smooth, and walking around commando all day. But yeah, I didn’t get caught."

"Jeez…" Sandy muttered to herself, crossing and re-crossing her legs.

###

“Aaaah…” I moaned, holding myself awkwardly while bouncing foot to foot. I was so full, I felt like bursting. Sandy wasn’t doing much better, but at last she wasn’t making a fool of herself like I was.

A huge wave of desperation came over me, and I doubled over, attempting to stem the inevitable flow. After a few moments it passed, with my hand firmly crunched between my legs.

Skarr shook his head. "Just urinate yourself!"

"Then he would lose!" Static yelped, aghast at the prospect of voluntarily losing anything.

Another wave passed, and I felt a burst of warmth flood against my leg. I gave a small mixture between a yelp and a whine, and held myself tighter.

Sandy snickered. "Losing?"

I glared back. "You would rub it in right about now."

“True,” Sandy smirked, speaking aloud, “But you normally wouldn’t be the type to rub one out right about now.”

I blinked, looking awkwardly at the position of my hand, then blushed in self-defense. "This- augh! I’m trying to stop myself from –urk!- peeing myself, not that!" Sandy nodded, sporting a disbelieving, cruel smile. "You’re terrible!"

"I know. I was just trying to get you to move your hand so I had a better vantage point when I win."

Just then, my body betrayed me, and another hot spurt stained the inside of my jeans, spraying down the left side almost to my knee. I bend over and pressed myself hard, and managed to stem the flow for the moment. My need nearly doubled as I stopped, and I bit my cheek in desperation as I kneeled on the ground, grabbing myself with both hands.

Sandy caught me, holding me up under my arms with surprising strength, and refused to let me fall to the floor. I looked up incredulously, and caught her mischievous grin.

“Nope. You’re gonna stay standing for this.”

I whimpered and obeyed, realizing I had already lost. Sandy was desperate, but I was long gone by now. The others showed some signs – Static was acting squirmy, Nova was acting strangely silent, and Myst was very still, but I doubt I could even reach a bush before I lost, and Sandy still had a few minutes left in her. I was dead in the water.

Another wave crashed into me, and I felt myself spurt once, twice, then just a torrent down my leg, drenching my shoes and socks, and blasting a wave of warmth down my thigh. I stopped holding myself and sighed with a dreamy sense of relief, annoyed I had lost, but more than content to allow myself the pleasure of finally releasing what had been building for so long.

I finally finished, and I stood for a moment, dripping wet, before looking around at the others with an awkward grin. Had I actually moaned? Sandy had lost all of her clever façade, and gave me a deer in the headlights stare as her cheeks flushed with red.

"Well," She gulped, attempting to gain back some sense of composure, "I’d say that I won this. Good game, definitely, and I’ll be...over somewhere else."

"No way!" Static yelped, tugging on the sleeve of her jacket. "We’re all playing too! Just ‘cause Josh was the first to lose doesn’t make you win!"

Sandy blinked. "The competition was between Josh and me, with a separate pool for your guys! Not everyone at once!"

Static narrowed his eyes, and I felt the gears rotate in his mind. “So, you’re saying you four-feet?"

I almost corrected him, but shrugged it off. He was close enough.

"It’s not forfeiting if you didn’t-" Static shot Sandy a competitive, daring smirk. "…Fine!"

Sweet. Gonna go change, then watch the waterworks!

###

{{: 

Aww I'm gonna miss you :( I've been really inactive so you probably don't remember me.. but I'm so glad you're finally fulfilling your dream... hopefully one day I'll be next.

}}

(I remember you well, Bayleef! You commented a bunch on the story, and always gave me some extra energy to keep writing. I believe in you, and I know you'll totally make it!)

(And you don't have to miss me; I'm not going anywhere :3. As this story comes to a close, more stories shall sprout. As we speak, I'm setting up a twitter account to talk about stuff I'm working on, and stuff that I've produced. I'm pretty close to publishing a short romantic-comedy, with some fuzzy elements thrown in. Stay tuned! :3)

*504*2015-03-19 02:38

Sandy sat on the grass, pressing her heel against herself while rocking back and forth. Static wasn’t looking too hot either, bouncing back and forth from foot to foot, as if running in place.

I stood over Sandy triumphantly. "Oh, how the giants fall."

"How do those new jeans fit, Josh?" Sandy shot back, not even bothering to look me in the eye. "What happened to your old pair?" I stuck out my tongue, but my auburn companion didn’t see it. I poked her, and she shivered. "Quit!"

"Or what?" I smirked, poking her, and pushing her slightly off balance. She yelped in surprise, her hands grabbing her crotch as she inadvertently whined with need. She shifted again, positioning a hand behind herself, and sat on it quickly.

"Not funny!" Sandy growled, taking the time to glare at me before staring back down at the floor.

"How come you get to sit, but you forced me to stand?" I grumbled, sitting on the ground.

Sandy gave me a lazy leer. "Because I’m stronger than you."

I snorted. "You are not!"

"Don’t be ashamed; I hear it’s quite common for females to be stronger than males. Not with humans, but nonetheless-" I gave Sandy a playful shove, and she gave an adorable squeal as she once again was forced to correct herself. I heard a slight hiss, and Sandy turned a shade of scarlet, sitting dangerously still.

Static blinked. "Did y-"

"No." Sandy responded instantly.

Static stopped hopping for a moment, and ran around Sandy. Sure enough, there was no evidence of anything, at least by the way she was sitting.

"Aren’t you going to stand up? Show off, then?" I smirked.

“I literally cannot move.” Sandy peeped, whispering quietly at the ground.

"I can help you with that." I grinned, positioning myself behind her in the exact same way she lifted me up before.

"Josh, I swear to G- augh!" Sandy squawked as I lifted her up from underneath her arms, revealing a huge stain underneath her groin. "J-Josh!" She growled, the hissing sound growing clearer as the stain grew in size, dribbling down her leg. She shrugged for a moment then relaxed, going limp, and leaving me to carry most of her weight as she moaned with relief. Her pants changed from a light indigo to a dark navy as the inside of her jeans grew damp, and the liquid gushed out of her, down her thighs, her legs, her shins, down to her sandals. It began pooling around her feet, and she sighed dreamily as it trickled to a stop.

"Oh my god I’m going to miss this." She groaned, craning her neck to give me a ragged, flushed gaze as her chest rose and fell. "Swear you won’t be gone for more than a month."

My mouth went dry, and I realized I was breathing just as hard. "I swear. Totally."

"…Okay." Sandy panted, slowly standing of her own volition.

Static clapped his hands successfully, and looked at the others. "Who’s next?"

Nova have an unusually mischievous chuckle, and motioned at Static’s rather twitchy movements. "Probably you?"

###

Static gave a quick yip as a stream of yellow shot out of him, which he rapidly stemmed with a hastily placed paw. He cursed aloud in his native tongue, giving sharp squeals of ‘Pika!’ as particularly intense waves of desperation clashed against the small mouse’s willpower and fortitude.

He bent in half, stemming the flow for the moment, wincing, and his bottom paws crossed in need.

"Such language." Myst purred. "Surely you don’t kiss Wigglytuff after such vulgarity!"

Mew looked around for a moment. "Where is our puffy pink compatriot?"

"…Puffy?" Static growled.

Sandy leaned my chest. "She got sick after eating a whole pizza by herself, and asked to stay behind."

I looked down. "She got sick just from that?"

"Well, the pizza was a few…weeks…old."

I cringed. "She didn’t notice?"

"She said she noticed half way through, ‘but by that time, it was a challenge.’"

Oxygen looked Static over. "Your girl has problems, man."

"Oh, says you!" Static growled, pressing his legs together.

Oxygen opened his mouth, then shrugged, relenting. "Alright, point taken."

Static moaned again, another stream of liquid running down his thigh, onto his foot. Another gush ran through his paws, and he squirmed, finally surrendering to a torrent of urine splashing down his core, dribbling down and soaking the ground beneath.

He collapsed, thankfully away from the wet patch of grass, and stretched, sighing loudly with relief. "That was the beeeeeest!"

"That was quite remarkable." Mew floated, booping Static with his tail. "You held two point four five milliliters of fluid in your body for over three hours, despite having a bladder capacity of only one point seven two."

Static batted at Mew’s tail. "Don’t you have to pee at all?"

"If I choose to." Mew shrugged.

"Using your deity powers is against the rules." Myst quantified.

Mew floated into Myst, bumping her with his nose. "I am creation." Nova huffed, grabbing Mew by the tuft of hair on the back of his neck, and lifted him away from Myst.

Myst shot Nova a thankful glance, and turned back to Mew. "You’re still not allowed to cheat."

"Fine. My typical bladder capacity is eight milliliters, exactly. What would you have my current volume be?"

Myst smirked. "Seven point nine."

Mew shrugged, acquiescing, before his eyes widened and he fell to the floor. "A-ack!"

###

Mew squirmed against the grass, holding himself with both paws. "W-w-what? I don’t understand! Static held nearly double his capacity!"

"Not directly in his bladder, you dolt." Myst gave an uneasy laugh, shifting back and forth.

"Ah!" Mew’s breath quickened, and a jet of pee shot out of the pink ancient, then a second, but at last managed to stem the flow with a firmly placed paw.

"To be fair, you’re doing surprisingly well." Skarr noted. "If I had to count the times I had to land because Josh asked for a pee-break…"

"That almost never happens!" I shot back. "Plus, not all of us have the bravado, dexterity, and utter cluelessness to pee while flying over Celadon!"

Skarr flushed. "That was one time! And you had recently acquired me; how was I to know that was a social taboo?"

Mew moaned aloud, drawing everyone’s attention. Had we ever heard the ancient actually speak, other than in little condescending musical laughs? The ancient cringed with need, letting out a small dribble of fluid across his thigh as he squirmed, trying to maintain control. Mew pressed his legs together, a small melodic whimper echoing as another stream sprayed out, gushing against the pink fur of his coat. Mew suddenly relaxed, and the stream increased in strength, flowing forward an impressive length and falling against the dirt below.

After a minute we were all quite impressed, but after three we began to grow concerned.

"Um. Are you going to stop?" Static gulped, as Mew just kept peeing, after nearly five minutes.

"Oh. Right." Mew opened his eyes, the flow slowly draining to a stop. "I forgot to adjust the volume to offset the loss."

Sandy chuckled, perturbed. "Could you…literally pee forever?"

"Yes."

"…Huh."

Everyone’s eyes turned to Myst, who instantly stood straighter. "What?"

"Dunno." Static shrugged. "You look like the next to go."

"No way!" Myst barked. "I’m going to win this. Nova’s next, then maybe Oxygen, and I’m going to be last."

Everyone turned their attention to Nova, who removed his hand from his groin and blushed from the attention. "W-what?"

"We’ll see." Static shrugged, lying on the ground and resting his head on a nearby stump.

###

"Neck and neck." Skarr grumbled from an overhanging branch, staring at us all with distaste. "Oh, will the excitement ever end."

Myst has her legs crossed firmly, squirming uncomfortably, with her front paw firmly jammed in the fork of her legs. Nova wasn’t faring any better, sitting on the floor with his knees at his chest, holding himself discreetly.

"Since…!" Myst gulped, holding herself tighter. "Since when did you grow such a competitive spirit, Nova?"

"The longer I wait, the more I see you struggle." Nova gave a sheepish, mischievous smile.

"You’re a sadist!"

Nova attempted to give a nonchalant shrug, wincing as he did so. "Well…I’m not the only one!"

Myst chuckled. "True." Nova shuddered, pressing himself tighter. "Wanna go together? On three?"

"B-but we’ll both lose!"

"Yeah, but we’ll tie each other! Come on, pleaaase? I need this!"

His eyes betrayed just a flash of insight before resuming their normal, turquoise hue. "O-okay, if you say so."

"One…" Myst tensed, her face flushed with color as she removed her paw. "Twothree!" She yelped, a stream of yellow spraying out silently, flowing down her leg and pooling at her feet.

The air shimmered oddly. Was this an illusion?

"Ah, ah!" Nova yelped in turn, releasing himself against the forest’s floor. Unlike Myst’s alter, Nova gushed forward, holding nothing back as a stream of urine jetted forward, splashing the ground a few feet away. He panted, the stream holding steady and gushing forward, steaming slightly against the cool, autumn ground. At last it waived, draining to a stop. Nova’s chest rose and fell, his scarlet face satisfied and reprieved.

Myst’s illusion fluctuated, and she gave a small yelp of surprise before the illusion involuntarily dissolved around her, leaving her with her hands on her nethers, and her lie blatant for all to see. A small spurt of pee gushed out of the real Myst, and she cringed.

"Hah! Can’t believe you didn’t see that coming, Nova!" Static stuck out his tongue.

"Silly me." Nova hummed.

I tilted my Pokespeak to private. "She…didn’t actually fool you, did she?"

Nova smirked quietly. "I’ll lose willingly once to see her lose twice."

"…I would enjoy playing poker with you." I chuckled.

"I look forward to that."

Myst cringed again as quake tremor of desperation ran through her core, dampening her paw with need. She whined, pressing it further into herself and rubbing her swollen bladder.

"I can’t believe you would trick me!" Nova spoke with false betrayal, standing up over Myst. "I trusted you!"

"Oh, c-come on. You know me." Myst waved away his concerns. Nova sat next to Myst, brandishing a single, pure-white claw. "What are you do-" he quickly ran the blunt end over her side, causing her to convulse with laughter, and spurting urine all over herself. "Ah! Hahaha! Shit, oh shit! N-Nova, no! I’m sorry! Ah-!"

"You’re a little liar!" Nova grinned, pinning one of her arms to the ground, and using his other to continue to torture her sides with laughter. She held herself pathetically with a paw, with pee soaking through the cracks in her fingers, spraying chaotically with each burst of giggles.

"Nova! Nova! I’m losing it, please!" She begged through her laughter, small jets of urine jutting out before finally a massive stream exploded out of her, causing her to yelp in surprise. She tried to stem the flow, but gave up with a contented moan as it gushed forward, arching forward and splashing against the earth.

At last, her breathing slowed, and she trickled to a stop.

"…Cheater." Myst sighed dreamily, staring up at Nova.

Nova smirked. "I learned from the best."

###

"This is…" Oxygen huffed, crossing one leg with the other. "This is getting uncomfortable."

"I honestly don’t see what pleasure you all seem to derive from this." Skarr rolled his eyes, and he stood still, passive and unmoving as always.

"As if you don’t understand competition." Oxygen growled.

"Why else would I be here?" A devilish grin carved its way into the stoic bird. "I’ll humiliate you all, and then claim the prize myself."

Oxygen growled. Skarr smirked. They stared each other down, until Oxygen broke the impromptu duel, pressing against himself with a paw. "What are you?"

"Polished, pristine, persistent, and prodigious." Skarr purred. "Resign, and you may leave this duel dry, stay, and you shall surely blunder!"

Oxygen raised a single, sparking fist. "Not in your life, you….livid…lame…"

"Lunatic?" Myst offered.

Skarr shrugged, accepting the alliteration. The two forces glared each other down, with only Oxygen slowly shifting back and forth, showing need.

"You’re a robot." Oxygen hissed, pressing against himself once more.

"Could you speak up, perhaps? I don’t quite comprehend sniveling very well." Oxygen gave an unintentional jolt of electricity, and Skarr threw up a quick shield, in more of a taunt than a defensive display. "Oh, feel free to try to hit me, but you and I both know what all that bouncing around will do. Plus…" Skarr unfurled his wings, presenting a purple feather. "…we both know how that ends. How well can you hold yourself once you’re unconscious?"

"I’m not in the mood to fight you." Oxygen mumbled.

"Oh? I’m primed and ready, friend. Is something the matter? Something else on your mind? Some sort of distraction?"

I had never seen Skarr so talkative!

"Can it!" Oxygen ordered.

"And what would you do if I should deny to acquiesce your request?" Skarr spoke slyly.

Oxygen’s tail whipped back and forth, and he held himself with a paw, saying nothing.

"All talk and no game, then? I had you pegged for-!" Skarr cringed, wincing suddenly and holding himself with his wings.

"Ah-ha! So the statue does feel." Oxygen retorted.

"Gargoyle was the word you were seeking, cretin." Skarr shot back, with his wings buried beneath his legs.

"Hah. I had almost assumed you had a…um…" I trailed off. Everyone looked at me curiously. "Never mind."

"A what?" Skarr questioned venomously.

"Don’t worry about it."

"Josh Karren, I will behead you." Skarr growled.

"I was…I was going to say cloaca."

Static looked confused, Sandy looked disgusted, and Mew gave a patronizing, musical giggle.

Skarr simply looked outraged. "I’m sentient, you realize, and more of a mammal then that of a pea-brained avian!"

"Don’t say ‘pee.’" Oxygen cringed.

My face took a red hue. "W-well, it’s not something I can exactly ask you about! Guides are a bit ambiguous about these sorts of things, and I’m not going to go looking!"

"Ah, well thank you for your discretion." Skarr snapped. "Anything else you would like to know? I’m sure we’re all curious about if Nova has a sheath, right?"

Nova gave a nervous yip.

Oxygen narrowed his eyes. "You’re one of those types that gets all talky when you’re nervous, aren’t you?"

"Y-you know nothing of me!" Skarr shot back, grinding his wing into his groin.

Oxygen sneered. "I know your tells. Calm and collected until you can’t, am I right? You’ve broken; you’ve already lost. It’s just a matter of time." Skarr gave a mixture of a growl and a yelp. "Good game, friend."

"…Damn." Skarr cursed, a small trickle falling against his wing, followed by a stream of yellow soaking against his down. He removed his wing and sighed, releasing a flood of warm liquid that gushed down the branch of the tree where he resided, and drained down the trunk.

"Called it." Oxygen grinned.

"…You win this time." Skarr grumbled, relief written into his features as he visibly relaxed. "I still say this game of yours is odd, but I suppose I…can see the point of the buildup and, -Ah!- release of tension."

"See?" Static beamed.

"Alright!" Oxygen pounded his fists in the air triumphantly. "…Now what?"

"You won! Do whatever." I laughed.

"Well, victory speeches later." Oxygen snickered, firmly pressing against himself, and waddling behind a tree. "First priority, wetting." I heard Oxygen groan, and a splash of fluid crashed against the tree, hissing and draining into the ground. "Oh my god, finally. Jeeez."

"Would you play again?" Static chirped.

"Hell yeah!" Oxygen laughed, and I felt his relief through our mental connection. "But not soon. Just let me go for now. Aaaahh…"

I found one of the small patches of dry grass, and laid down, facing the open sky. What a day.

###

Despite the full moon’s zenith in the sky, the plethora of trees created an overcast that blocked all but the scarcest light. The thick oak woods hugged us on all sides, with only their calm, everlasting silhouettes as a reminder of their existence.

“I know we were having a…moment.” Sandy whispered, “But…for real. I want you to promise you’ll be back soon.”

I kissed her lips, gauging my placement by the fading moonlight on her cheek, and made my way across her face, up her neck to her ear.

“I promise.” I whispered, the woods silent and still.

I felt her relax into my arms and kiss my chin, trying to make her way into my mouth. I smiled, one last time for the night, and met her lips with my own, feeling the familiar rush of her tongue against my own, and the heat of our mouths intertwined. All too early our kiss ended, and I felt her hand slowly, painfully, slip out of my own.

“I’ll catch you around, Josh.”

“I’ll see you soon, my love.”

The grass ahead of me crinkled, and with a flash of red, her shadow flew off into the night. I sighed, staring into the open sky, already nostalgic for her embrace.

"You guys are sappy as hell."

I looked over at Static, momentarily forgetting my poor eyesight. "Hey, it’s going to be awhile ‘till we see each other again. Give me a break!"

"It’s always kissing and crying and hugs, and nonsense. Just high-five and leave. Sheesh."

I rolled my eyes, purely for my own chagrin, as Static couldn’t possibly see my expression. "You don’t have to walk with me, you know. It’s late, and the rest house isn’t for another few miles. I could return you to your Pokéball like the others."

"No, I…I want to walk with you." Static asked, stumbling slightly over his words. I didn’t push him; truthfully I wanted his company, even though I realized he likely wouldn’t make it the handful of miles to the house.

“Many more miles before I sleep…” I whispered to myself, trudging forward in the near blackness.

"Can I ask you something?"

I turned to my yellow companion. "Sure."

"I…was in your backpack for most of your senior year."

"Mmhmm."

"Pretty much every day, though all your classes."

"Right."

"Why don’t I remember you peeing yourself like you told Sandy?"

I smirked, biting my tongue as I recalled my little story. "Every good story deserves a bit of, um, embellishment, Static."

"You’re a liar!" Static snorted. "I bet you didn’t even have a test that day!"

"I did too! All of it was true, except…well, for the end."

"Oh?"

"I really was desperate, and the line for the restroom really was too long for me to get to class on time, but…I suppose I didn’t really care." I shrugged. "It was only English. It’s not like a career in writing was going to get me anywhere in life."

Static chuckled in agreement, as he barely spoke a word of the language himself. "Hey, I’m getting a bit tired…" Static raised his arms expectantly.

I picked up my little Pikachu and put him in my backpack, next to the pillow I left in there just for him. I felt him shift around somewhat getting comfortable, and then relax at the familiar pace of my footsteps.

"Where are we going next, Josh?"

"To the rest house, Static." I answered. "You knew that."

"I mean…after that. Tomorrow. The next day. What are we doing?"

"A Latios was spotted here." I whispered, my thoughts growing quiet as I felt his mind begin to wane into the familiar lapse of sleep. "We’re gonna catch it, Static. You, me, and the team. We’re going to be the first. We’re going to chase it around the world."

"I can’t wait." Static yawned, his excitement only quelled by his fatigue. "…I love you, Josh."

"I love you too, buddy."

And I walked into the night, and on our next adventure.

THE END

(Wow. Nearly four years of work, and I'm finally finished. I couldn't have done it without you guys; your love and support was invaluable. Internet hugs! "3)

(And the stories don't end here, not by a long shot! If you're desperate for more, check me out on Twitter

! I just finished a book, actually, and I'm about to start on some new stuff! I would love to give you all a virtual high-five over social media, and keep you updated on my stuff, whether it's fantasy, comedy, romance, or more Omorashi!)

{{: 

I can't make a twitter... :(

I'm going to miss your stories.

}}

(PM me your email address and I will email you, personally. No one gets left behind, friend. :3)

*514*2015-03-27 03:50

{{: 

Over the course of this thread, i've personally compiled the fic in pastebin, with most omo scenes being marked with a '**' beforehand. Now that it's complete, I feel entirely comfortable posting the compilation here, so people can read it start-to-finish without unrelated comments. Unfortunately, it had to be broken up into four segments to avoid Pastebin's filesize limit - Here they are.

Part 1

Part 2

Part 3

Part 4

All credit goes to Alexxx, of course - I just compiled it.

}}

I was literally half-way done doing this. You're awesome, Zangoose!

Also, here's the version without Omorashi

, in case you were interested. This has been the best ride of my life you guys, and I can't wait for our next adventure. "3

*518*2015-03-28 05:49

{{: 

I had to laugh when i read the bit where mew is talking to static hes only got a 1.72 ml sized bladder hmmmmmm lol

}}

Oh no, someone spotted the American in me! ;_;

...I actually still don't understand what I did wrong though ^_^; can someone explain it to me so I don't make the same mistake in the future? 1.72ml is small, right? For, like, a Pikachu?

Oh god I understand nothing of the metric system

*523*2015-03-30 00:43

*Researches* Hey, now! I was only off by...about...217...

His bladder was supposed to be smaller than a human one, but only by like half...

