Dawn's unfortunate adventure

Author: Kid_Omo

*000*2012-02-22 05:33

This was a story that someone asked me to do a while ago and I just recently got to actually completing it. Not much to comment about, so I hope you all enjoy it, it isn't my best work, but it's pretty decent considering my recent time constraints.

###

Dawn was walking along through the forest that stood between the gang and their next random destination, yawning as she thought of just how boring this day was, unaware that it was about to get much more exciting. The only thing that split this day off from any other was that it was quite a bit hotter than usual, the middle of a summer heat wave.

Dawn lifted up her water bottle to her lips, it was half empty, she had already drank one since they set out a few hours ago, it was only about mid afternoon.

As Dawn capped her water bottle and put it back into her bag, a sudden sensation hit her, and with a lot of force, she suddenly needed to use the bathroom rather badly. She shuddered as the sudden wave of pressure hit her, but soon regained her composure. Dawn looked around, the boys didn't seem to notice.

Still, she really needed to go. There was no lack of places for her to hide in this forest, but she didn't want to tell the boys, it was just too embarrassing, she would have to wait until their next break.

That idea seemed all well and good, but time absolutely dragged on as they continued walking. They were a ways off from taking another break and the day seemed to be too hot for anyone or anything to be active that there might be a little distraction from the pressure.

As it stood, Dawn marched on, trying to keep up her usual pace a few steps behind the boys, but it was growing harder. Her arms were no longer at her side, but held in close, crossed over her stomach. It took all her will power to prevent her hands from finding their way under her skirt. Holding herself would feel incredible, but it would also be an obvious sign of her desperation. Letting the guys see her like that would almost be as bad as if she actually wet herself.

About twenty minutes had passed since the initial wave of desperation and Dawn was not doing any better. She could feel her face growing hotter as she struggled to stop another wave of pain without letting on that she was having any trouble.

Finally, she spoke up, "Hey, guys... I'm getting kind of tired, when are we taking our next break?"

"It'll still be about an hour before we reach our next stop." Brock responded as he checked the map to confirm his calculations.

Dawn let out an audible groan at that new revelation. The boys just mistook this as her complaining about being tired, which they just kind of ignored like they usually did.

After she was sure the boys didn't suspect anything, Dawn retreated back to her thoughts. 'I don't know if I can hold it for another hour!' She thought as she reached down her right hand and gave herself a squeeze between the legs. The relief of pressure felt good, but she quickly withdrew her hand and replaced it over her stomach, once again afraid that someone would see her.

After an agonizing fifteen minutes of Dawn giving herself occasional squeezes and trying not to let any out or let on that she's trying not to go, Dawn noticed something strange.

The air suddenly grew cooler, it felt nice since it was a hot day and Dawn was warming up even more from the strain of holding it in and keeping her composure.

The cool air wasn't as much of a relief as it should have been, though. The sudden change in temperature only aggravated Dawn's already filling bladder. Dawn soon found herself taking shorter steps as her legs unconsciously got closer as her thighs squeezed together to help control herself. The problem with this was, while it was a tremendous relief of pressure, it also made Dawn slow down even more; every so often she would have to pick up the pace and speed ahead, which brought her closer to losing control every time.

It was about five minutes after this started that Dawn was overcome with a sudden shiver. After the shiver stopped, Dawn began to blush, she thought she felt something escape!

Dawn continued walking for a bit and was sure she felt a wet spot in her underwear. She looked around to make sure that no one was looking at her then lifted up her skirt a little to take a peek. It was true, there it was. It wasn't very big, but there was a wet spot on her panties! This was horrible, Dawn knew that she couldn't hold on much longer.

Without realizing, Dawn must have let out a gasp at this revelation, because Ash turned around moments later "Is something wrong, Dawn?" He asked.

Dawn gasped again and shoved her dress down so he wouldn't see anything. "No, nothing." She said quickly, her face growing beat red.

After Ash turned around, Dawn thought for a second.

"Actually," She began, getting both of the boys' attention, "I think I heard something in the bushes. I'll go check it out." She said, beginning to turn toward the bushes to try and stealthily find relief.

Those hopes were quickly dashed, though, as Ash asked "Heard something? What, like a Pokemon?" He seemed excited by this thought and looked like he was ready to run off just as quickly as Dawn was, but for entirely different reasons.

"No," Dawn said, "Not like that..." She tried to figure something out that would allow her to leave but wouldn't make either of the boys want to follow her.

"Then what?" Ash asked, "Like Team Rocket?" He still seemed kind of excited by this thought.

"No." Dawn said, "It was...Nothing..." She trailed off as she watched her one chance at relief slip away.

"Okay" Ash said, he then turned to Brock "So how much longer do we have?" He asked.

"About half an hour." Brock responded.

Dawn could feel her eyes watering as she felt almost hopeless, there was no way she could hold it for that long! Still, could she really tell the boys?

This indecision cost her about five minutes, during which Dawn's body was giving her constant signs that holding it much longer was not an option.

After another shot of pain from her bladder, Dawn was forced to work up the courage to ask, "Hey, guys, can we stop soon? Like now?" She asked urgently, unable to stop her hands from drifting below her skirt.

"Now?" Brock asked, "But we're almost there."

"We are?" Asked Dawn, surprised, "But I thought you said it was half an hour away."

"I did," He responded, "But that's because in our adventures I've learned to always plan for a little extra time being taken up by one thing or another. If nothing else happens, it'll only be a few more minutes."

"Oh." Dawn said, relieved. Twenty-five minutes was way too long, a few more minutes? Dawn could probably do that.

It wasn't too long before the air got even cooler and there was a very loud, pervasive sound that filled the area. Dawn could not quite put her finger on it, but it sounded familiar.

As the group rounded the bend, the sight was revealed and made Dawn shudder, but also filled her with a slight sense of relief. There was a large, roaring waterfall in the clearing up ahead. The sight of all that rushing water practically made Dawn lose control, she let out a slight groan and threw her hands between her legs, still, she felt a little bit escape.

Still, Dawn was happy because this serene, peaceful clearing was probably the spot in which they were going to take their next break.

Feeling the intense pressure, Dawn didn't wait for anyone to say anything or give a signal, she instead started heading for the bushes on the edge of the clearing that should provide decent cover for her to privately relieve herself.

She was stopped short on her way there by a sudden question from Ash "Where are you going, Dawn?"

"I-isn't this where we're stopping?" Dawn asked, her voice and body both quivering. She could tell it was obvious she was desperate, but she refused to actually acknowledge that.

"No, it's just a little bit further ahead, though." Brock answered.

Dawn took a moment to compose herself and continued walking on, being forced to stop every few steps to prevent any liquid from escaping.

Dawn was definitely taking longer than she should walking ahead, but she really couldn't walk any faster and keep control, so it was slowly get to her relief and endure the desperation even longer or hurry and quite possibly lose control.

Dawn was also stumbling through a bit, following the boys as her eyes were watering and her face was contorted from the strain of holding it in.

Finally, they rounded another corner and Dawn saw a hopeful sight: A Pokemon Center just down the path. Dawn then lost all discretion and picked up the pace, almost running to get all the way to the location of not just a spot for relief, but an actual bathroom, a luxury in this life of travel.

Dawn stumbled on the way, feeling a little bit leaking out, but she couldn't stop now, she was just so close.

She followed the boys, who were moving with significantly much less urgency than her, up to the door of the Pokemon Center, but the second they got inside, Dawn dashed up to the counter.

"Where's the bathroom?!" Dawn asked, trying to keep her calm, but still failing to mask the urgency in her voice. She was severely embarrassed by this, but it didn't matter so much at this moment.

The nurse at the counter did not react to Dawn's clearly urgent state and just pointed off in one direction. Dawn followed her finger and saw the sign indicating the bathrooms. She then looked down and saw a sign on the floor that filled her with dread. However, after momentary inspection, it was just a wet floor warning sign.

Dawn quickly thanked the nurse and then ran off. She slid on the wet floor, she caught herself, but she could feel control over her bladder almost completely leaving her as all the liquid she had been holding in for hours started to escape.

From there, Dawn proceeded with haste and caution. She couldn't slip like that again, but she also didn't have any time to waste, as more and more was leaking out every moment.

Finally, she made it to the bathroom and was very fortunate to find the first stall available. Dawn dashed in, but it was far too late. By the time she got the stall door closed and locked and set down her bag, it had gone from a steady leak to a full-on flood! Dawn could feel it, her underwear wasn't just wet, it couldn't hold any more, she could feel the warm, wet sensation spreading to her legs.

Dawn quickly did the only thing she could think of, she lifted her skirt so that it would avoid most of the mess and squatted over the toilet, deciding to pee through her panties. Dawn sighed in relief as she heard the liquid hitting the toilet, but blushed as she felt the sensation growing as the wet patch in her panties grew from the front to a damp patch in the back as well.

When Dawn was finished, she got up and lifted her skirt up to inspect the damages. Her once-white panties were completely and thoroughly soaked and practically transparent and her upper thighs were very wet, there was even a small dark spot on the front of her dress from where she was holding in while trying to stop the leak.

Dawn removed her underwear and tried to wash off her legs and more...private areas as best she could, but the damp sensation remained no matter how hard she tried. Blushing, Dawn then wrapped her panties up in toilet paper and carefully shoved them into her bag in a place they would not be seen.

Dawn didn't want to risk damaging another pair of underwear, so she resolved to leave them off and just go through the rest of this day very carefully. It wouldn't be the first time, though it would be the first time since she started traveling with the boys.

Dawn then washed up at the sink and tried to put on a brave face, there was no obvious evidence than she had wet herself that she could tell, so she seemed to be fine.

Dawn then walked out of the bathroom and was almost immediately confronted by Ash, "Dawn, you were in there for a long time, are you ok?"

Dawn blushed and raised up her hands defensively, "Yeah, I'm fine, don't worry." She responded.

She gave her Pokemon over to the nurse to be taken care of and then settled down with the boys to eat, very carefully making sure that her skirt was lowered to keep the boys from seeing anything.

Dawn went about the rest of the day with no noticeable incident and promised herself she would not let herself get that desperate again.

