Ally - Page 2

Author: Meowth

*026*2012-08-01 03:08

I appreciate that a lot, Fire ninja! Consider me much obliged!

Also, here is the first part of the next chapter. I was initially going to upload the entire thing, but it is beginning to become ridiculously long, so I figured breaking it up would be more consistent.

Chapter 7: Part1:

I was clinging to something soft and warm. It was pressed against my body; or rather, my body was pressed against it. I could feel it all the way from my chest down to my groin.

I opened my eyes and saw something colorful and furry lying next to me. Alyssa. My hands were resting on her soft, squishy tummy, and I saw her breasts go forward and back with each breath she took. I sat up and looked at her face. Her expression was as soft and as warm as her body.

I smiled. I wanted to lean forward and kiss her on the cheek. I wanted to appreciate the decadence of this innocent, sleeping beauty. I wanted to bask in the fact that she was all mine… But I was interrupted. It came out of nowhere and made me recoil in pain. The unexpected feeling was sharp and nearly overwhelming. I grabbed my crotch and did my best to contain the urine that was ready to explode out of me. I let out an inaudible cry and got out of bed, doing my best to move quickly with no jarring movements – any of which could cause me to lose it.

I practically ran across my room, both hands pressing down on my groin. I entered the bathroom and didn’t even take the time to close the door behind me. I headed straight for the toilet, hoping I would get there before I lost control.

Then again, to say I even had control seems inaccurate. My muscles were in a constant state of being relaxed, and no matter how hard I tried, I couldn’t seem to tighten them. It felt as though it was by sheer luck that I wasn’t urinating all over the floor. I was a little worried about what was going to happen when I got to the toilet; but for the time being, I couldn’t complain. After all, I wasn’t wetting myself.

Jinxed it.

I felt an intense stinging sensation at the tip of my member as urine started to drip into my palm. The drips quickly became a small stream. Luckily, I was able to get the toilet seat up before too much damage was done.

I aimed into the toilet and tried to let go, but nothing happened. It was still that slow stream, dripping into the toilet water below. I groaned.

“Come on, come on!” I whispered to myself. My sides were aching and my bladder was throbbing, but I couldn’t seem to go any faster. I don’t think I could have stopped it, either – if I had wanted to do that, for some strange reason…

Suddenly, I heard movement coming from the bedroom. I looked over, and much to my discontent, I found the door still wide open, Ally beginning to stir. I was in quite the situation and it didn’t seem there was anything I could do. The sun was pouring in through the windows, so it would make sense for Ally to be getting up at any point. Though, I can’t imagine the loud splattering of my urine trickling into the toilet helped much either.

The bathroom was opposite of the bed. I could see her, and all she had to do was open her eyes and look in the direction of the suspicious noise to see me.

“Hurry up!” It had only been about 10 seconds since I had begun urinating. The stream was beginning to pick up a little, but judging by the fullness of my bladder and the pace in which I emptied it, I wasn’t going to finish anytime soon. I was just hoping I would finish sometime before I started getting grey fur.

She stirred again.

“Oh crap.”

I saw her slowly sit up, her eyes glazed and uninterested, looking straight at me. I looked back, wide eyed, still peeing at an embarrassingly slow pace.

She squinted a little and gave me an incredulous expression. Her lips moved like she was going to say something, but nothing could be heard. My cheeks were burning and I could feel myself becoming flustered. I wanted to apologize and explain what had happened, but I didn’t know what to say. It was too embarrassing to tell in detail… I needed to at least think of way to word it so I didn’t look so bad.

Then again, did I really have any right to do that? It had only been one night since she had wet herself, completely on my request. She had dealt with my starring and ogling; she had dealt with the evident discomfort holding it brings; and she had even continued to do so when her mom called…

Before I could work the situation out in my head and come up with a suitable thing to say, I saw her expression suddenly change. It was an odd look. Like terror mixed with surprise and discomfort. She sat straight up, her entire body tensing so much the shift in demeanor was visible even with the several feet between us. Both of her hands pressed down on the blankets, forcing them against her groin. She bit down on her lip and looked straight at me; or rather, she looked straight through me.

She was no longer concerned or even curious about my peeing with the door open. She was completely preoccupied with matters of her own. She sat completely still for a moment, most likely afraid to move from the spot. She looked as though she was solving some sort of complex puzzle in her head.

Without warning, she tore the blanket off and threw it to the side. Both of her hands were pressed down on the panties as she practically launched off the bed and waddled to the bathroom door. Her stance was all too recognizable.

She arrived at the bathroom door and looked at me, not at all shy about the situation.

“Please!” She begged, almost in tears. “Hurry, Leo!”

“I… I can’t. I mean, I’m trying… I just can’t go any faster!”

“Ohhhh!” She cried. “I’ve gotta go so bad!”

“T-there’s another bathroom downstairs if you can’t hold it.”

She shook her head at me wildly. “I can’t make it that far!” Tears were filling her eyes.

“I’m sorry, Ally… I… I can’t stop.”

“Ohhh!” She cried out again. “It hurts, Leo!”

I didn’t know what to say or what to do. I loved seeing her desperate to go, but something about this felt oddly different. She looked like she was in legitimate pain. I wanted nothing more than to move away from the toilet and let her go, but I couldn’t just start peeing on the floor…

I did a quick up and down of her body. I felt a bit guilty about it, but she was playing on all my fetishes. It was impossible not to find the events going on in front of me at least somewhat arousing.

She was wearing the same leopard-print panties from the night before, no doubt with a bit of her juices dried up on the bottom. She had never gotten around to putting the bra back on, so her breasts were hanging out on display -- as was the norm.

We walked around naked all the time, and with her nipples covered by her fur, I couldn’t see anything normally regarded as sexual; however, there was still something very tantalizing about the sight for me. Seeing the panties made me aware that her chest was bare, and somehow, her lower parts being covered made that entirely more erotic. It was the same the night before, when she had slipped her bra off. I could tell by the steady, lingering way she had done it that she had felt it too; she had felt that familiar sense of unexplainable sexuality.

“Leo!” She whined. “Please! I can’t hold it anymore!” She wasn’t dancing around like she normally did. No, she was just pressing down tightly on her groin, as if she desperately needed to conserve movement, like the subtlest shift in weight would lead to an accident.

“Ally, I’m sorry… I’m almost done, I think.”

“Fuck… Leo…” Her voice faded off and she started to softly cry. It felt wrong to stare at her, but I couldn’t look away. I felt a disgusting sense of arousal flowing through me. I felt demented fascination with her pain.

“Crap, crap, crap!” She wasn’t standing still anymore. She was squirming in a compulsive and unpredictable way. It was an odd thing to watch. Her movements in combination with her strained face and teary eyes created a pitiful figure.

“Leo, please! I’m ga-“Before she could finish, she cut herself off with a quick, almost sexual sounding yelp. Her eyes and mouth were wide with terror. She took a single, fervent step forward before standing completely still. She wasn’t looking at me, nor at anything else tangible. It seemed like she was looking straight through my walls, gawking at some unperceivable apparition that threatened her; yet, was simultaneously handing her abstract salvation.

“Ally, are you…?” The words faded away to nothingness, along with my voice. There was no point in finishing the question. There was urine running down both of her legs. She was peeing herself.

“I’m sorry…” I mumbled. She didn’t answer. She just stood there in a daze, reliving herself, all control forfeited to a superior force. I saw both her eyes close tightly as she tried to wake up from this nightmare. Urine was dripping through her fingers and beginning to form a small puddle at her feet. I saw her toes curl-up like snails being prodded.

Her eyes crept back open and she looked down. She removed her hands from atop her soaked panties, realizing that no amount of force was going to stop this downpour – as if it mattered much at this point, anyway. She watched, almost amazed, as the yellow-tinted liquid poured downward, a little going straight down, splattering on my floor; but most of it taking the longer, more sexual route: running down her legs, soaking her fur in the process.

The moment her hands left her crotch, I felt indiscernible emotion flow through me. It was the first time I had ever seen her urinate in an article of clothing before; it was something I had waited months for… Yet, I didn’t know if I was truly enjoying it or not.

Imagine going to a restaurant and ordering a dish you had waited the longest time for, only to have it ruined by a side that you absolutely detest…. But you don’t detest it. Society detests it. Society tells you to detest. Society tells you morality detests it. If you enjoy it, you’re nothing more than a cannibal…

“Shit!” She suddenly exclaimed.

... Maybe I am a cannibal, then.

She ran to the sink, urine still traveling down her legs, spraying onto the floor.

Maybe I’m sick and wrong.

She lifted herself up and plopped down on the counter, urine gushing from the soaked gusset of the panties. It only took an instant for it to start dripping off the edge and down the sides of the cabinet below.

But I can’t change myself.

She pushed herself back, her butt now hovering above the sink, her womanhood just over the edge, a waterfall of urine silently falling from the panties and draining in the sink.

This is who I am. Society will just have to accept that.

The way she woke up and grabbed herself; the way she waddled to the bathroom; the way she begged me with her most desperate and sweet tone to hurry; the way she shamelessly held herself and dealt with the pain; the way she broke down and started crying; the way she squirmed in the most awkward and embarrassing way imaginable; the way she paused and stared, like a cat caught in headlights, when her accident began; and the way her body fit perfectly into those dripping leopard-print panties… I love it all!

I stared at her bottom, a wet mark traveling up her butt as she continued to relieve herself. At that point, my own urine had crawled to a stop; though, I couldn’t tell if my bladder was empty or if my erection blocked anymore from coming out. I felt a bit bad about not being able to offer her the toilet, but if she had tried to get up, she would have just started peeing on the floor again.

I saw her stream beginning to come to an end. It was almost unfortunate that majority of the urine ended up on the ground or dripping down my counter’s side. Honestly, it probably would have been better if she had just stood there and not even tried for the sink; though, I could appreciate the attempt.

Unexpectedly, she looked over at me, tears still in her eyes.

“I’m sorry.”

“Ally… don’t worry about it. It happens. Especially when there is someone stuck using the toilet for an hour…”

“Yeah, I know. It’s just…” *sniff* “I kinda… peed all over your bathroom.”

“Heh, don’t worry, I don’t mind. I’ll clean it up.”

She chuckled. “You don’t exactly look like you mind.”

“Oh, uh, about that…” Obviously, my erection was impossible to hide. Though, I was glad she didn’t take offense to it.

“Its fine, Leo… You know, if you were anyone else, I would be sobbing right now?”

“… You would? How come? I mean, why am I so special?”

“Take a guess…”

“... Is it because it turns me on?” I asked dryly.

“Yep.”

“Well, I’m glad my kink can be of some use…”

“It’s actually very useful.” She slid down from the counter.

“Oh? How so?” I couldn’t help but stare at the panties as I waited for her answer. They were drenched. And, I don’t think I need to explain what happens when white fabric is dampened…

“Well, I never have to worry about having an accident or leaking around you…”

“Huh. You seemed pretty worried a few moments ago.”

“Yes, but I was caught off guard… Plus, it’s still embarrassing! Nobody wants to be seen having an accident, even alone…” *sniff*

“So, you still mind, just a little less?”

“Yes, that sums it up… I guess that probably doesn’t seem like it means much, but to me it is a big deal.” *sniff* “After all, you’ve probably figured out I don’t exactly have the biggest bladder. I’ve only had one accident – well, two, actually – if you don’t count this one, but I’ve come close a lot and I’ve had my fair share of… moments.”

“Moments?”

“Yeah, you know, leaks and stuff… I’ve told you about some.”

“Ahh… Yes, I love those stories.”

“Hmm,” she giggles, “I guess I’ll have to tell you some more one of these days.”

“Are you feeling better?”

“Yeah, I’m feeling better… I’m sorry about crying and stuff. It was just… a lot to take so early in the morning.”

“Heh, not a morning person?”

“Not when my bladder is about to explode…”

“Sounds pretty reasonable… And, uh, if it’s any consolidation, I had to go pretty bad this morning, too.”

“Yeah, I was wondering about that. Part of me thought peeing extremely slow into the toilet was some lame trick to make me have an accident… It worked, by the way.”

We both laughed.

“No, no, nothing like that… I’m not entirely sure what happened there. I just woke up and had to pee horribly bad – worse than you. I started going before I even got to the toilet…” It was odd. Only moments ago I had found the idea of telling her what happened incomprehensibly embarrassing; yet, suddenly, I had this weird compulsion to it. The thought excited me. I wanted her to know.

She looked down at my crotch, scanning for wetness. (Of course, my erection was a little difficult for her to look away from, so she had glanced down there quite a few times already.)

“Sure enough…” She giggled. “You have a little wet spot on your fur.”

“Yeah, yeah… Laugh it up.”

“Oh, don’t be silly, Leo. I wouldn’t laugh at you. You don’t laugh at me when I pee myself.” She frowned.

“And what was that giggle just a second ago, eh?”

“I was laughing with you.”

We both shared another laugh.

“So, yeah, if we ever… You know, mess around again.” I started. “Please remind me to pee before going to sleep, so that doesn’t happen again.”

“Heh, excuses, excuses…”

“Hey! At least I have an excuse. You just couldn’t hold it.”

“Much to your delight…”

“Yes, maybe.”

“Also, I don’t know how “to your delight” this will be, but I, uh, may have wet your bed a little.”

“…Huh?”

“You saw me when I was sitting there, right? Like, I suddenly had to go really bad. I can’t even describe it. It hit me like a freight train… And I, uh, may have lost a little before I got up.”

“Oh, that’s… painfully hot.”

“Heh, well, I’m glad you’re glad.”

“And I’m glad you’re glad I’m glad…” My voice trailed along with the corny joke. “How much was it? Do I need to change my sheets?”

“Eh, I didn’t really see. I was kinda in a hurry… But I don’t think it was too bad.”

“Hmm, alright. I doubt it was too bad. You only leaked, right?”

“Uh huh. I was just worried a little got on the sheets. I really don’t think it was a lot…”

*030*2012-08-03 05:01

I appreciate the kind words! And I'm truly flattered, Alexx.

Here it is! The second part to Chapter 7:

“So,” Ally began, giving an embarrassed chuckle before continuing. “You’re not gonna believe this but…”

“…This outta be good.”

“I’ve still gotta pee a little.”

“You’ve still gotta pee a little?” I repeated, incredulous. “We’re practically standing in a river here.”

“I know. I guess I kinda got tired of sitting there and stopped early. And you mean we’re standing in a pond.”

“You stopped early…?”

“No! I mean… Yes, but it’s like, I was just sorta pushing it out, and I was tired of doing that so I stopped… and I already have to go again.”

“Oh, I see.”

There was a moment of silence.

“Uh, Leo?”

“Huh?”

“You’re kinda standing in front of the toilet…”

“Oh, uh, sorry.”

I moved out of the way and let her get by. Part of me expected her to ask me to leave, but she didn’t bother. She simply sat straight down on the toilet, pretending nothing was out of the ordinary.

“You’re not… pulling the panties down?”

She didn’t respond. My answer was that tell-tale sound of water splattering. She spread her legs and closed her eyes. I was surprised she had enough urine left in her bladder to even make a stream; though, it didn’t last long. I saw the small waterfall slip through the cloth of the sodden panties, before quickly dissipating to a trickle.

Though, the urine – unexpectedly – was not the most erotic act in her little performance. As I said before, the gusset of the panties was completely white, completely drenched, and completely transparent. With her legs spread wide before me, I could see her groin through the conveniently tight and almost pitifully thin cotton.

Normally, all I would be seeing was fur guarding a very intimate place, which wouldn’t rival the sexuality of her peeing; however, her movements combined with the wetness from her accident left the fur bunched up and slightly disheveled. I could see past it… Peeking through the fabric was the outline of her womanhood, still moist and dripping.

Did she know? Should I tell her? I had never seen her vagina before, and I figured if she wanted me to see it, she would show me... For all I knew, she had forgotten the fabric was see-thru, let alone that I had somehow managed a way to look at her privates.

But I touched it… The night before I had fingered her; she even took it upon herself to thank me for it. That had to mean we were at that level, right?

“Um, Ally?”

“Yes, Leo?”

“I can… uh, see your privates.”

Compulsively, her legs snapped shut and her cheeks burned with embarrassment.

“Oh, crap. The panties are… see-thru… aren’t they?”

“Heh, yeah…” I gave her an awkward smile. “But, uh, you know, I kinda touched you there last night… I don’t think seeing it is that big of a deal.”

She looked down at her lap, still a little self-conscious.

I didn’t really understand Alyssa sometimes. I understood the way she felt, I just didn’t understand why she felt that way. To still be nervous about something so trivial, after we had done so much…

I think most people would have felt annoyed at something like that. Maybe even insulted. But I didn’t. I loved that innocent aura of hers. That modest, shy vibe she always seemed to give off. Seeing her sitting on that toilet, looking down at her lap like an apprehensive child… It really spoke to that cannibal part of me.

“Hold on for a second…”

I quickly got out a generous amount towels from below the sink and crudely wiped up the urine. I washed my hands and took my place back in front of her. All in all, it was a quick process that didn’t take more than a minute – which is impressive given how much urine there was.

“Ally, come on.” I extended my hand to her.

“Huh?”

“Come on.” I repeated with an encouraging tone.

She took hold of my hand, looking curiously at me, not sure where I was going with the gesture.

I stood her up and looked in her eyes. I knelt down and gave her a soft kiss on the lips, lingering for a few seconds, but not too long. She was caught a bit off guard, but she was even more surprised when I fell to my knees.

“Leo, what are doing…?”

“Shhh, don’t worry.” I kissed her on the tummy. She swallowed, still not sure what was happening. I brought both hands up to her hips and slid my finger beneath the hem of the panties.

“Leo…?”

I slid them down, just a few inches. I stopped and waited. I wanted her to have a chance to stop me if things got too uncomfortable. She didn’t interfere; although, I could tell by the stiffness of her body she was getting extremely nervous. I had to be careful how I did this. If I was too inconsiderate or abrupt I could end up scaring her and ruining the entire gesture.

I kept sliding the panties down, and eventually, I crossed that pivotal spot between her legs. I was about eye level with her stomach, so I couldn’t see anything except her fur, but it was still a very intimate moment for us both. I let the panties fall to her feet.

Before standing, I noticed something interesting. She was beginning to breathe heavier… I wondered, was this turning her on? That wasn’t initially my intention, but it would be a rather convenient addition.

“Alright,” I stood up and looked in her wide, confused eyes. “We won’t be needing those where we’re going…”

“Leo…“ She paused for a moment. “Are you going to kill me?”

“… What?”

“Are you planning to secretly murder me? I don’t know, you sound like you’re gonna kill me.”

“Oh wow, really, Ally? Way to kill the moment.”

“Well, don’t blame me… Here you are undressing me saying weird things like ‘you won’t be needing those.’” She did a generic imitation of my voice.

So much for turning her on…

“Alright, well, this next part will change your mind….”

“Let me guess, you hit me with a mallet?” She laughed.

“God, Ally, why so morbid? This is outta nowhere…” And to think I was worried about being a cannibal. “Bah! Don’t even answer. Words don’t matter… “ I pushed the shower curtain to the side and stepped inside the tub. I extended my hand to her. “Alright, come on in.”

“Wait-a-minute…”

“Don’t worry, just come in…”

“Leo,” She takes my hand. “Did you want… to shower together?”

“Well, we both have pee on us and we’re both gonna have to shower at some point… I don’t see why we don’t just do it together.”

“I… I don’t know if I can…” Her voice trailed off. I was worried she would say that, but I was also prepared.

“Ally,” I took on a serious tone and grabbed both of her shoulders gently, making her face me. She looked up at me timidly. “I love you, okay? I just want us to be comfortable with each other’s bodies…”

She swallowed. “… I love you too, Leo.”

“I know that you aren’t ready for sex. It’s hard for me to accept that, but I do it, for you. But it isn’t fair for us to deny ourselves other pleasures. Yes, ‘ourselves.’ Maybe I’m wrong to make this assumption, but… You want this too, don’t you? Maybe not as much as me…” My voice trailed off, along with my awkward attempt at humor. “… But, you do want this, don’t you?”

She thought for a moment.

“… Yes, Leo.” It may have taken her a second to respond, but I could tell she was determined.

“I’m glad, Ally.” I turned around and turned on the water. I messed with the handles until I found a fair, slightly warm, mixture. “You ready?”

“Uh huh.”

“Are you nervous?”

Her glowing cheeks betrayed her. “Maybe a little…”

“Don’t worry, I am too.” I chuckled and placed my hand on the middle shower handle. I turned it and water shot out of the nozzle, landing directly on my back. I quickly got out of the way and repositioned myself next to Ally. “Heh, I kinda forgot I had it aimed straight down…”

She laughed.

“Wait-a-minute…” She said suspiciously. (I loved when she said that. I always found it so cute.) “Then where was it supposed to go if it wasn’t on your back…?”

“Oh… Nowhere in specific…”

“Liar! It was supposed to hit me in the chest!”

“Heh… No comment.”

“First he tries to kill me, and now he’s trying to get a peek at my chest!” She feigned offense and crossed her arms over her breasts.

“Well, we’re both gonna be completely… visible, in a moment here…”

Something about my words caused us both to suddenly stop talking. Maybe it was the truth behind them that did it… Regardless, we were left standing there, cheeks burning, both of us waiting for the other to say something.

“I guess I’ll, uh… go first.” I swallowed.

It was funny. I knew she had seen every part of me before, but now, in this tense moment, it felt so much more real. So much more embarrassing. But I had to do it, I had to stand under the falling water and let her see me for who I was really was on the outside.

I approached it apprehensively… I swallowed hard and walked under it. I let the water hit me on the chest and run down my body, weighing down all my fur along with it. I looked down and saw that my chest and groin area were both very visible at this point… Though, with my --now throbbing-- erection, it had already been pretty visible.

“You almost done, Leo?”

“I, uh, yeah. I’m just a little nervous.”

“Well, I’ve already seen your penis countless times. I’m not really seeing much more.”

“Yeah, yeah, I know.”

“And uh, I can already see your butt because the water kinda got you before…”

“Oh, you can?”

“Yeah…”

“I… was not aware of that.” I felt my cheeks flushing even harder.

“It’s a… nice butt, at least.”

“Heh, thanks, Ally.” I turned around and let her see my front without another word. She looked at me, hands folded in front of her, already just as nervous as me. I could tell she was afraid of what was coming, even more afraid than I was.

“You look… very nice, Leo.” She gave me a shy smile. The dangerous amount of cuteness she gave off with that simple look brought physical pain to my erection. And, of slight worry to me, I could feel my testicles beginning to ache as well…

“Thanks… I appreciate it.”

A brief silence passed.

“Well, I… guess it is my turn then, huh?” She gave a nervous giggle. She looked at the shower nozzle, less than confident, to say the least.

“Look, Ally, if you don’t want to do this…”

“No, no, I want to do this, Leo. I’m just… a little nervous. That’s all. I want to do this, for both of us.”

“Okay, I understand.”

Another brief silence passed before she took a deep breath and a step forward. I remember stealing one more glance at the soaked fur running down her legs. I thought about all that had happened that morning… About her desperation and subsequent accident, about her transparent underwear, and even about that devilish way she accused me of planning to murder her…

I wished there was something I could say or feel that was more poignant than love; yet, it seemed there was no word in existence that could describe it. I wondered if maybe that thing I felt then truly was love, and all other feelings were mere imitations. Maybe “love” has been so overused that its true intensity has been lost to the bulk of man; maybe only a select few really know what love means.

I wanted to say it to her once more before she took the final step, but I was too late. Warm water was already flowing down her gorgeous chest, soaking her bare legs, and destroying all signs of her prior accident. Her fur became heavy and matted down. There was water dripping from all points on her body, even a bit coming down from her groin.

And while that first step under the water was over with, I still desired to say it. Every time those words left my mouth it made me feel like… I was floating on air. There was a constant desire within me, a constant passion which cried for more; and saying those words, it helped relieve it.

“I love you.”

She turned her head and smiled. “I love you too.”

I didn’t return the smile. Instead, I walked up and joined her under the water. I hugged her from behind. My arms slid upward, supporting her breasts as I lightly nibbled on her neck. She was a bit flustered; after all, she had yet to even turn around to show me her body, but she didn’t fight the sudden burst of sensuality.

“I truly, truly love you, Ally. I love you so much it hurts. You are the most perfect person I’ve ever met…” It wasn’t easy to say, but I meant each word with an intensity I could hardly comprehend. I knew how corny they must have sounded; I just hoped, in light of the romanticism, she could look past that and find them at least half as meaningful as I did.

A brief silence.

“I love you too.” Her voice was cracking. I could tell she was trying not to cry.

“Heh, you’re too emotional, you know that?”

“Yeah,” she answered with a low voice. She was still fighting off tears. “And you’re too…” She laughed. “I don’t know what you are, but for some reason you keep making me cry.”

I didn’t have anything more to say, so instead of talking, I gently squeezed her breast with a free hand. I let the other slide down her tummy, going past her hips and between her thighs. I didn’t go far, though. Before touching anything vital, I slid back up, and then repeated the process, getting millimeters closer each time, thoroughly teasing her.

I felt her body beginning to lean backward, using mine as support. I could feel her warmth being absorbed into my skin as we melded together. My erection was rubbing against her still dry butt, leaving me feeling rather tortured and blessed at the same time. She was giving herself up to me, letting me handle her body, letting me pleasure her however I saw fit.

I pulled her out of the water and walked her to the other side of the tub. I placed her against the wall and started to kiss her, letting my hands wonder freely. One was groping a breast while the other rubbed her thighs, occasionally passing over her feminine area like a star passing over the night sky.

She was having trouble keeping up the kiss. Her body was rigid with arousal and I could feel warmth emanating off her burning genitals. She wanted me just as bad I wanted her.

She slipped out of the kiss. “Leo…”

“Yeah?”

“I’m on the pill.”

I stopped and stared at her, somewhat confused.

“The pill…?”

“Yes, birth control.”

“But why? I thought you weren’t ready for sex.”

“Because the longer I spend around you the less sure I am of what’s going to happen...”

I didn’t know what to say…

“I’m…really nervous. I know I love you and that if I was gonna lose my virginity to anyone, it would be you, but I ‘m still really scared…”

I kept silent and listened to her.

“But this shower has got me thinking… Being nervous doesn’t mean I’m not ready. There may never be a time where I’m completely comfortable, and I really don’t want that to mean I never… get to experience that.”

She paused a moment.

“Honestly, I think I prefer it like this – nervous, I mean. It wouldn’t be any fun if I wasn’t… a little worried about it. Ugh, I’m sorry if that doesn’t make any sense; this is hard to explain…"

“Ally,” I stopped her. “Are you ready for sex?”

She paused and looked at me. It was another one of those expressions… One of those timid, puppy dog looks that she wore so well. She was handing herself over to me. Giving me the keys to the Lamborghini.

“I’m ready, Leo…” Her voice was so soft and airy; it was almost as if she had sung the response.

I could feel my heart pounding. I couldn’t stop looking in her eyes, and the longer I looked, the more self-conscious I felt. All this time had passed, with many wishes in the wake; yet, not at one point in that time did I realize just how nervous I was. I thought about how difficult it would be for her. But there I was, not able to move, not sure of what to do next.

“Leo…?” She was worried. I had to do something before I scared her too bad. I had to take the lead again.

“I…” I thought for a moment. “…Turn around, Ally.”

“Hmm?” She cooed curiously.

I helped spin her around with my hands before taking a few steps back.

“Alright, I want you to bend over. Try and get comfortable.”

“Leo… What are you doing?” She sounded apprehensive, but she complied.

“Don’t worry, Ally, I promise I’ll be gentle, okay?”

“But… d-do we have to do it like this? In this… position?”

“It’s the only way in the shower… I’m too tall for us to do it standing and we can’t really lie down…”

There was another brief moment of silence.

“We could always go do it on the bed if you’re uncomfortable like this…” I suggested the idea tentatively, knowing that getting dried off and heading into the bedroom would do a better job of killing the mood than resorting to doggy style for our first time…

“…No. I want to do it here… This isn’t how I pictured it, but it doesn’t matter.”

How she pictured it?

“All that matters is that it is with you, Leo.”

There was another brief silence. I went forward and lightly placed my hands on her wide hips, gently caressing her, being sure not to go too far in any direction. I wanted to arouse her, but I was also trying to soothe her. I could tell she was extremely nervous; the uncertainty was painted on her face.

I draped her tail over my shoulder and took my own member in hand. My heart was beginning to pound harder and I could feel myself heating up. I stared down at her exposed groin, almost afraid to look at it. It was like a fragile piece of glass: If I touched it wrong. If I penetrated her wrong. If I even breathed wrong… That would be it.

I took in a deep, shaking breath and moved a little closer. Staring into the fragile piece of glass I felt more aroused than I ever had. I was erect to the point of pain, and that wasn’t even considering the growing discomfort in my testicles.

“Leo…?”

“Y-yes?”

“Could you… maybe not go in yet?”

“Why? What’s wrong?”

“It’s just, it‘ll hurt if you… don’t warm me up first.”

I could tell the words were hard for her to say. The moment was already so tense, and those words were so revealing.

“Ah… I understand.” I let my member go, almost happy I had a bit more time to adjust. I stood her up straight and had her face me. We kissed each other sensually; though, I felt an odd sense of relief in the kiss. Not just from me, but from her.

I wondered: did she really want this? Did I really want it? We were standing in a bathtub, one of us bent over and the other shaking like a leaf… It was almost pitiful. Was this how I wanted to lose my virginity? Did I want to look back on this years from now and ask myself: Leo, were you ready?

And what about Ally? She said she was ready, but so did I, and I was beginning to have second thoughts… Who was to say she wasn’t too? She even said it wasn’t what she had pictured. Being bent over in a bathtub… I don’t blame her!

What an awful way for a person to lose something so special to them. What an awful way for a fantasy to be crushed. I had heard many people talk about how losing your virginity was never that special. How it was never like the movies, the books, or your fantasies. But that manner of speaking, it is a virus.

People spread germs of thought, teaching the world pessimistic ways of thinking. People infect other people with hopelessness and defeatism. One person had a bad experience, a person with a unique circumstance and a unique mindset. This person told another person, and that person told another, and so on. Each of those people was like me: they were standing in a bathtub with the person they loved more than anything in this world, the one individual whom they could never stand to give second best to. They had to make a choice, and like me, they thought about stopping, about waiting for that perfect moment; but they didn’t. They heard those words in their head; they heard the complaints of a denied mass. And they gave up. Accepted life to be less than it is.

It is easier that way. To accept life to be something less than it is, or rather, to accept it to be something less than it can be.

“Ally,” I broke our kiss and looked into those her eyes. They had never seemed greener to me.

“Hmm?”

“I don’t think I want to do this yet.”

“… What do you mean?” She didn’t look concerned or confused. In fact, her expression didn’t change at all. It seemed feverish and complacent.

“It just doesn’t feel right… At least like this, right now. I hope you’re not disappointed; I just, I want to wait a little longer. I want to wait for a better moment. I know we’ll have plenty of moments like this together, just, they’ll hopefully be a little more… conventional?”

She gave me a soft smile and her eyes opened slightly wider, making her seem more awake.

“Okay, Leo. I think I would like to wait it a little longer too.”

*032*2012-09-17 15:42

Hopefully. I haven't exactly given up on this story, but I currently have two commissions and an art trade that I need to get out of the way first, then I would love to come back.

*034*2012-09-18 19:15

Thank you very much!

*038*2012-11-15 18:05

@pockii

Thanks! Hopefully I'll get around to writing some more soon!

@orlast

Thanks for the feedback. And yes, I need to read over it again, but I don't recall putting much focus on tails (admittedly, I sometimes forget they're even there!). I'll try and work a little more tail detail in.

Also, I'm glad you like the story! I worked very hard on it, but as of late I've begun to rather dislike it. I'm finding a lot of mistakes that I should have never made! Laziness where the narrative is concerned and idealism in the characterization to the point of wanting to vomit! However, I don't plan on throwing this concept away. Worst case, I'll do away with some of the "story" and start writing it more like our main character (whatever the fuck his name is, I can't remember) is writing memoirs. Unless, of course, people want to read the narrative that much; though, their personalities have been pretty much established. That was my goal from the start with this story. Make the characters enjoyable -- maybe even addicting.

