The Wild Tempest - Page 11

Author: OmoCommando

*254*2013-04-07 20:31

The container has a lid... o.o

*257*2013-04-07 20:42

{{:

And yeah, medical bay, not mineral lab

}}

Aaaaaaaaaauuuuugghhhh

Why you say this after I've already written the mineral lab part? :(

No worries, I can change it.

*258*2013-04-07 21:33

Circumstances require a short update for now.

Squad Status:

Isabel (you): Poison

Michelle: Fine

Jenni: Wounded

Carly: Fine

Squad Bladder Status:

Isabel (you): 39%

Michelle: 48%

Jenni: 78%

Carly: 54%

Equipped Weapon: W&T M25 Magnum (6/6 shots)

______

You feel a jump in your own bladder after Jenni finishes her sentence. You don’t want poor Jenni to have to go around feeling uncomfortable the entire time, or worse, having to wet herself. You pull out the 150 ml container...

“Here Jenni.” You hand her the container. “Go ahead and go in here.”

Jenni gives you a look of puzzlement and disgust. “Isabel! I can’t pee in just that! It’s not even close to big enough!” She pushes away you hand which holds the container. “I’m just asking if we can stop off at a bathroom when it’s convenient.”

“It’s all right Jenni, just use it, then finish going in the plants or something.”

Jenni groans. “All right...”

Like with your armor, Jenni casts off her lower body piece, then opens up the crotch of her body suit. She carefully rests the container over the opening...

Warning: Using Jenni’s pee will mean she is the only one that the super serum will work on. Are you absolutely sure you want Jenni to pee in the container?

> Yes

> No

*263*2013-04-07 22:34

In this particular case, I'll put it to a vote whether or not Jenni should pee in the container.

*266*2013-04-07 23:39

{{:

Couldn't the doc just make two serums? If not, no.

}}

No, because earlier, Raimus said he needed "grade C bio-regen fluid". He had it already in the medical lab, but there is only enough to make a single serum.

I meant to put that in. Sorry for the confusion...

*271*2013-04-08 01:43

Team input time!

Michelle: Let's just get the ruby stuff and get out. I don't wanna go back and forth. Or radio Raimus, maybe he knows of a plant or an herb that can stop poison.

Jenni: I don't want to see you suffer, Isabel. I'm good with heading back and finding an antidote for you.

Carly: I'm actually with nutsy on this one. If you think you can hold out captain, let's get the ruby quartz then head back. Raimus can make the super serum and we can get a poison antidote. Let's worry about who gets the serum once we can actually assemble it.

