Lula's embarrassing secret - Page 5

Author: omobecca

*080*2019-11-25 16:23

Next couple of chapters coming soon! Sorry about the silence, have been busy recently.

$$

*081*2019-11-26 00:11

THE SCHOOL TRIP - PART 1

Lula strained as she knelt down and bent her back. She slid her suitcase onto the smooth flooring and the driver lifted it up and onto the pile of luggage. Lula exhaled. She grabbed the strap of her backpack tightly and dropped to her hand the pillow tucked under her other arm. Rosie was stood at the door to the coach. She was smiling and waving at Lula to hurry up, She rolled her eyes in response.

The coach was pretty much filled up from the back to about 6 seats from the front. Rosie tugged at Lula’s arm and pulled her towards one of the last remaining double seats.

“You have the window” demanded Rosie, bobbing her head towards the toilet and raising her eyebrows. Lula understood and edged towards the seat. She took one last look towards the back of the bus. She could spot him a mile away now. Tom’s face stood out from the rest as she caught his gaze and he grinned at her. She was adamant she saw a tinkle in his eyes. He was a good eight rows behind.

*JAB*

“What the fu..!” Lula winced and crunched downwards, worried that from a distance it looked like she’d just collapsed in on herself. She grabbed the side of her waist and rubbed hard on her skin.

“Dick” snapped Lula.

“Sit down then, he’ll be at the other end” laughed Rosie

“That hurt” Lula was still rubbing her injured side as she slumped down onto the seat. Rosie smiled and said nothing. Lula huffed.

The last couple of students came on and took the remaining seats, followed by one of the teachers who stood up at the front of the aisle.

“Quiet everyone!” ordered Mrs. Jones. She was a short plump woman, polite, and respected by most of the student sin the school. The coach fell silent in a few seconds.

“Thank you! We should be there in about two hours. Apologies again for having to search everyone’s luggage but, as we said before, we obviously have a strict no alcohol policy and we want to avoid what happened *cough* last year. If anyone is caught, at any time, during this trip with alcohol or having consumed alcohol we will call someone to come and collect you no ifs or buts”

“Haha. Butts” whispered Rosie.

“Thank you to all of you who shows an interest last minute for this trip. Remember this is for Year 11 geography however, I’d like to think you have an interest in geography and not just looking for a few days off school…?” Mrs. Jones raised her eyebrows as she posed the rhetorical question. A few people sniggered.

“I have been informed that the on board toilet is for number one’s only so for anything else you’ll have to wait… like a grown up!” Mrs. Jones sat down and started fumbling with bits of paper and folders.

“I’m a grown up” said Rosie in a pompous voice, shifting her shoulders. Lula turned slowly and sarcastically raised her eyebrows.

“You can talk” Rosie huffed. Lula dug her elbow sideways.

“Dick! That hurt” Rosie mocked.

“Okay, grown up” Lula mocked back.

Not long into the drive, and only a few songs into her playlist, Lula felt Rosie lean in to her. Lula opened her eyes and lifted her head from her pillow.

“Mmm?” she asked, looking round to Rosie.

“Is it bad I need to go already?”

“Yes. Grown up”

“Funny. But seriously I don’t do well in cars”

“Good job this is a coach then”

Rosie paused with both her hands in front of her.

“You’re a twat, anyone ever told you?”

“Yes” Lula smiled.

“I feel like it’s too awkward to use the toiler this early?”

“Maybe” Lula was trying to remain impartial. The two hadn’t really spoke about pee stuff since the sleepover. Rosie was much more willing to mention it in conversation but Lula never did herself.

“Ugghhh” Rosie grumbled as she noticed Lula rest her head back against her pillow. Rosie could feel every bump and vibration of the coach as it drove down the motorway. The journey wasn’t uncomfortable but she always felt sensitive when she knew her bladder was filling. She was annoyed though as usually this far into a school day she’d be fine, so maybe it was a mental thing? She knew she’d be spending a few hours on a coach not moving around so that might be playing on her. Maybe I don’t need to go that bad. Rosie decided to wait.

Lula felt movement and a bustle and opened her eyes. She looked round as Rosie was standing up. She must be finally going. As Rosie got into the aisle of the coach, voices from the back started to cheer. She must have been the first to use the toilet. She smiled and made a small bow before making her way towards the toilet. People started laughing. Lula couldn’t decide whether it was with Rosie or at her. How can she be so… confident? Damn her.

Lula looked over at Rosie’s seat. Did she… She hadn’t. The seat was dry. Lula didn’t know what to expect or whether she was just being hopeful. There’s no way she’d do anything in front of this many people. She’s crafty and confident but not stupid.

“You lasted about one hour” Lula joked as Rosie slumped herself back into her seat.

“Yew lastid abowt an awah” Rosie mocked. She was in a playful mood. Lula scoffed.

“And you?” Rosie enquired.

“And I what?” Lula asked.

“Well…”

“Don’t please. Not here”

“Well… obviously? We’ve not actually…”

“Seriously. Not here” Lula snapped. Since the sleepover Rosie had been eager to bring it all up in conversation but Lula cut her off every time.

“We haven’t…”

Lula glared at Rosie. Rosie could sense Lula’s growing annoyance and embarrassment.

“Fine” Rosie gave in, “What about Tom?”

Lula flinched at Tom’s name. Rosie smiled at the response.

“How’s it going?” Rosie asked.

“Shhh. Shh. Nut uh” Lula muttered. Rosie’s cheeks beamed as she knew she her hunch was right.

“You know the place we’re going has single rooms apparently. No one would know if…” Rosie winced as Lula grabbed her arm and clenched her hands.

“Please stop” Lula’s face was red and her eyes wide. Lula was realising she was reacting too quickly to anything regarding pee or Tom; and it was always Rosie asking.

“Don’t worry. Your secret’s safe with me” Rosie said quietly, leaning towards Lula. She tapped her nose with the hand from her arm Lula wasn’t tightly clasping.

My secret?! The pee… Oh right. Tom. Huh.

*084*2019-12-02 00:59

The School Trip - Part 2

Lula pushed open the stiff, wooden framed window with some force. It scraped open. The draped curtains either side of her blew gently as the brisk, salty sea air drifted into her room. She inhaled deeply and closed her eyes. With her eyes closed she could hear the squawking of the seagulls and a distinct but soft crashing of the waves about on the other side of the beach. It was certainly a room with a view. Luckily, the hostel was not only on the sea front but a few minutes out of the town centre so quiet as well; away from the hustle and bustle of the traffic. Lula took a few steps back and slumped down onto the mattress. Her body bobbed twice. The bedframe creaked. It wasn’t the softest of surfaces, but she hadn’t expected total luxury. She swivelled her body round so she was lying flat down the bed. Not too bad I suppose. She pushed her head down into the pillow and took another deep breath of sea air; which she realised was making the room quite cold.

Lula closed the window and locked it. She unzipped her suitcase and pulled out her soft blanket which was folded on top. She wrapped herself up inside it and curled back up on the bed. Not too bad at all. Lula wrestled underneath the blanket to move the duvet aside. As she slid underneath she heard a distinct rustling sound. She froze in place. Silence. The hairs on her arms stood up. Lula frantically fought her way out of the duvet and blanket and threw them towards the end of the bed. She knelt down and pulled back the bed sheet.

*Creak creak creak creak*

Footsteps. Shiiiit.

Lula panicked and fell backwards onto the floor, letting go of the sheet. The footsteps went past her door and down the corridor. Shit.

Her heart thumped in her chest as the footsteps silenced. Composing herself, Lula crawled back up the the bed and pulled up the sheet. Well damn. It was as she expected; there was a mattress protector underneath. It’s a youth hostel. Loads of people sleep in here. Makes sense. She didn’t know how to feel. Her instinct was telling her not to use it, not to be silly, just be normal. She stretched the sheet back into place and shook her head. Nope. Nope. Nope. She wanted to spend the next few days having fun. Normal fun.

*Creak creak creak thump thump thumpthumpthumpthump*

*Knockknockknockknockknock*

Lula flinched at the realisation that was probably Rosie coming to get her. She made the bed look tidy and went to open the door.

“Room service!” Rosie said in a high pitched voice with her hands behind her back before lunging past Lula into the room.

“Why the energy?” Lula asked, closing the door.

“Oh I do love to be beside the seaside” Rosie began to sing, turning round to face Lula before falling backwards onto the bed.

“Like an excitable puppy” Lula joked, sitting on the edge of the bed.

“Aroooooooo” Rosie howled, clenching her fists and closing her eyes.

“Shhhhh” Lula nudged her.

“So I have a plan!” Rosie spluttered, fumbling herself upright.

“A plan…?”

“Yes. A plan. So. You, are going to… stalk him”

Rosie raised her eyebrows and blinked at Rosie.

“Stalk… him?”

“Mmhmm” Rosie nodded.

“Stalk?”

“Innocently” Rosie admitted.

“There’s different ways of stalking?”

“Yeah, innocently… carefully… pervy?”

“Okay stop listing”

“Look, you watch him from afar, he sees you looking, you look away. You can see if he’s looking. See if he’s interested. Make him know you’re interested. Next thing you know, late night beach walk under the stars holding hands and awwww”

Lula stared at Rosie with a confused expression.

“… Or you could run into the sea, he’ll take his top off and come and save you”

“I’d love to see the ideas you threw out”

“Nah, you wouldn’t” Rosie admitted.

“Wait, you’ve actually thought this through?”

“Yes” Rosie nodded.

“You’re being serious?”

“Yes” Rosie smiled.

“Damn”

Rosie turned to face Lula and crossed her legs.

“Is. He. Not. Why. You’re. Here?”

Lula paused.

“I like… beaches?”

Rosie winced at Lula.

“Beeeaacchhesss”

Lula grinned at Rosie.

“I see through your lies!” Rosie pointed in Lula’s face.

“I don’t lie”

“No?”

“No”

“Okay then. Tell me you’ve not already found it”

“Found what?” Lula asked confused.

“You tell me”

Lula lowered her brow. She felt her cheeks go warm.

Rosie sighed and scrambled off the bed backwards.

“Exhibit A” she said confidently, pointing her open hands towards the bed. Lula was still sitting on the edge. Rosie folded the duvet over and pulled the sheet from under the mattress.

“Exhibit A” she said again, almost more relieved, smiling.

“Okay?” Lula was avoiding eye contact.

“You’re a bad liar beach girl”

“I won’t, I can’t” Lula began to admit.

“It’s fine. But don’t tell me you didn’t find it”

“I… did”

“Mmmm” Rosie murmured.

Lula was starting to realise there was a weird connection between Rosie and herself after the sleepover. They both darted around the topic of pee like they both knew what they were on about when discussing it. Maybe she IS into it. No. Nope. This trip is NOT for that.

“Leave it. I’m not going to”

“It’s okay” Rosie answered again.

“You’re going to get his bed wet?” Rosie giggled.

Lula let out a whelp and walked over to slap Rosie’s arm.

A little later all of the students had met in the lobby of the hostel ready for the afternoon’s activity. They’d spent the morning travelling and up until around 1pm with free time. The plan was that they were going for a simple ‘Seafront Experience’, as the teachers called it, and were to return before 4pm before it got too dark.

“We’ll stop along the way to inspect the local environment and we’ll finish at the chip shop. I expect you to look out on the way for evidence of environmental erosion and human impact” Mrs. Jones requested to the crowd of students.

“So were going for a walk?” one voice shouted from the bustle. Some people laughed.

“Yes Lewis, a walk” Mrs. Jones replied sarcastically before ushering the group outside.

Lula pulled at her jacket as the cold air brushed her face. She tensed her whole body in an attempt to get the blood flowing.

With about half an hour left of the ‘experience’, the group had stopped after a slight uphill walk. Looking out towards the sea, Lula realised they were higher up than before. The beach was now full of stones and there appeared to be a drop between the group and what she assumed would be flat ground going out to sea. Some of the eager Year 11’s were writing in small pocket notebooks. Tom was one of them. Lula smiled. She liked how, despite being sporty, he actually paid attention in his other lessons. He obviously wanted to do well. She also realised he continued to impress with his clothes. Whilst some of the older students had been trampling along in tracksuits, Tom was tidily dressed in a polo shirt and jeans. He had a thick woollen jacket over the top which had collar he’d left upright.

After a few seconds Lula realised she hadn’t been listening to what Mrs. Jones had been saying to the group. They’d started to finally make their way onto the beach. Lula was trying to catch up with what’d been said as she saw Tom walk away from her towards the stones.

The stones were loose under her feet. They made a satisfying sound as they piled together but Lula felt wobbly and unstable in her black Vans. As she waddled forwards, the slope of the beach came into view. Lula worried she’d slip down and fall flat on her ass. At the peak of the hill, Lula felt the wind wobble her body. She recalled Mrs. Jones explaining something about the water and the beach and the wind but couldn’t remember how or why. Lula put her arms outwards to regain her balance as she carefully stepped her way down the bank. After about ten steps Lula felt her right foot sink and her knee jerked. Seconds away from landing on her face she felt a hand grab her right shoulder. As she regained her balance, Lula shifted her weight and exhaled.

“Thank you” she said, turning around.

Charlotte let go of Lula’s shoulder. Lula’s expression dropped as she was face to face with her.

“That’s alright” Charlotte replied, folding her arms.

There was an awkward silence. With Charlotte a step further up the embankment, Lula felt overshadowed as she looked up at her.

“So… you stop me from falling over and we’re okay?” Lula found the courage to blurt out.

“Dunno. Are we?”

“Ha. You tell me” Lula’s heart was beating hard in her chest. Adrenaline had taken over nerves. The brisk air blew Lula’s hair round her face and Charlotte’s hair in front of her own as they stood there in a stand-off. Lula couldn’t tell from Charlotte’s expression if she was being sincere or just bitchy. Lula scoffed and carefully took a slow step backwards. She turned and began to walk towards the flatter ground.

“What did she want, you okay?” Rosie asked, scampering over to Lula, clicking stones out of the way as she trod.

“It’s fine”

“Fine?” Asked Rosie.

“Think she way trying to be nice?”

“Weird”

“Maybe” Lula was trying to avoid talking about Charlotte. She still didn’t know if she wanted to be friends with her again after what happened before. She hated not liking people though, especially those who were supposed to be her friends.

The girls made their way to the edge of the beach. The waves were rolling out to where they were standing. The bubbles fizzed as they sunk in between the stones. A strong waft of salt filled Lula’s nose each time wave came closer.

“It’s nice, really, isn’t it?” Rosie asked, staring out to sea.

“Yeah” Lula replied. Both girls were stood with their hands in their pockets to keep them warm.

“So do you want me to push you or are you going to run in?”

“What?!” Lula exclaimed.

“So Tom can come and rescue you?”

“I can’t tell if you’re…”

Rosie raised her eyebrows and smiled. Lula sighed.

“Can I, we, just not… not?”

“But I thought you…”

“Can we just be here? I just want to not for a bit?” Lula looked back out to sea, She was almost starting to feel annoyed with Rosie trying too hard to help her. She was starting to lose interest in her help as her ideas were both enthusiastic and silly.

“Oh… okay” Rosie replied, almost saddened.

Lula sighed again.

“Sorry. I just… I don’t know how to feel”

“It’s okay beach girl” Rosie said, leaning in and resting her head on Lula’s shoulder.

“Thank you” Lula said as Rosie linked her arm through Lula’s before replacing it back into her pocket.

Both girls jumped. The tide had come in just enough that the last wave had soaked their shoes.

“Shit” Lula said out loud.

“Ugh that’s freezing”

As the girls took a few steps away from the edge of the water they turned to see Charlotte approaching.

“What’s your problem?” she snarled at Lula and Rosie.

“Sorry?” asked Lula.

“You’re both being snaky bitches”

“Says you?” replied Rosie, looking Charlotte up and down. Charlotte turned her head slowly towards Rosie and winced her nose in a look of disgust.

“If you’re not gonna give me a chance then you can both get fucked”

“You’re pissed at… us?” Rosie asked, confused. Charlotte sniffed.

“We’re done” Charlotte hissed.

“Okay?” Lula replied softly.

“Nah, Lule’s, I don’t get it” snapped Rosie, “You try to fuck her over now make us feel bad for not wanted to talk to you?”

“She your bodyguard?” Charlotte asked Lula, tilting her head towards Rosie.

Rosie started to take a step towards Charlotte, in front of Lula. Charlotte scoffed and pushed Rosie back with some force. Rosie fell over her own legs and fell backwards into an approaching shallow wave. There was a splash and then a thud as Rosie hit the stones hard. She sat there in disbelief for a few seconds. The incoming wave had subsided and dispersed. Rosie however, was soaked from her backside to her ankles. Her black jeans glistened from the impact with the freezing sea water. Her face held no expression. She stared forward just breathing heavily.

“CHARLOTTE” screeched Mrs. Jones’ voice from across the beach. The sound of scattering stones came closer as Mrs. Jones tried her hardest not to fall over herself as she hastily made her way to the girls. Lula’s fists were clenched. She was holding back from punching Charlotte in the gut but wanted to help Rosie up also. Lula had never been in a fight. She hated violence. She would never dare do anything in view of a teacher. In that moment however, that’s all she wanted to do.

The sounds of scattered stones came from multiple angles as more people came to see what had happened. Lula was seeing red though. There were now about eight people surrounding the girls and Mrs. Jones trying to stand between the girls. Lula had hardly noticed them all. She certainly hadn’t noticed Tom helping Rosie to her feet. Mrs. Jones was talking and trying to calm the situation down, but Lula wasn’t even listening. She was staring down Charlotte as she was back.

Lula felt a hand rest on her left shoulder. The person’s fingertips gently tightened around her as she felt the person pull her slightly back. She felt another hand smother her left fist which was clenched tightly. She hadn’t realised her hands were shaking. Her left hand became warm with the cover of the other person’s hand. She felt a thumb gently rub against her own. She started to loosen her fist. She began to breathe again. In… Out… In… Out…

She blinked and tears filled her eyes. She couldn’t tell if it was from emotion or the cold air. Charlotte was being ushered away by Mrs. Jones. Lula let out a deep breath. She collapsed her fists and turned to the person holding her. It was Tom. She inhaled deeply and fell into his chest. Don’t cry. Don’t cry. Don’tcrydon’tcrydon’tcry. Despite feeling more than comfortable in Tom’s embrace, she shuffled out of his hold, ignoring him, and held Rosie by both her arms.

“I’m SO sorry” she gasped. This made her tear up. Rosie was still blank faced.

“It’s okay”

“No, it’s not” Lula sniffled. She hugged Rosie. She was shivering slightly. Tom took off his jacket and demanded Rosie put it on. There was an awkward bustle back to the main road as everyone was ordered to group up and make their way back to the hostel. There was little conversation as the girls walked back with their arms joined. Rosie awkwardly plodded along with her whole backside soaked from the sea. By the time they got back to the hostel, the wet patch was no longer glistening but in the light was obviously there. Rosie assured the teachers she was okay and just wanted to go back to her room before dinner. She gave Tom his jacket back, thanked him, and started to walk herself back to her room without Lula.

Lula was left in the middle. She wanted to follow Rosie but she hadn’t even spoken to Tom on the whole walk back. He’d helped out and been amazing but it hadn’t been the right time to talk about anything.

“Th.. thanks for that” Lula sniffled at Tom.

“Will she be okay?” he asked, folding his jacket over his arm.

“I hope so. I’ve never seen her… quiet like this?”

“Let me know. Go with her” he nodded towards Rosie.

Lula looked up at him and smiled with tears in her eyes. She was still coming down from her adrenaline fuelled stand off. Tom pulled Lula closer and hugged her. She knew her heartbeat hadn’t slowed much and he could probably feel it against his chest. Lula felt Tom shift his head so he was looking straight down at her. He pulled away.

“Go” he said. Lula smiled again, not knowing what to say, feeling flustered.

Lula ran after Rosie and walked in silence with her back to her room. Rosie opened her door and said nothing as Lula followed her in. Her room’s layout was the same. Rosie slumped her way straight into the tiny attached bathroom fiddling with the button on her jeans. Lula took a few steps forward, not seeing her trying to unbutton herself.

“Ah fuck it” Rosie said from round the corner of the door.

Lula peered round and saw Rosie sat on the toilet, jeans still up, with her face in her hands. The ever familiar sound of droplets then a stream hitting the toilet filled the room.

“Oh…” Lula whimpered as she pulled herself back from watching.

“It’s fine, Lule’s” Rosie whimpered herself. Wait. Was she…?

Lula slowly peered around the door again as Rosie was indeed peeing straight through her jeans into the toilet. Her head was still in her hands.

There was an awkward silence between the girls as Rosie peed. As the stream died down back to a few droplets Rosie pulled her hands away.

“They were wet anyway, right?” She wiped her eyes.

“I’m…”

“You didn’t do anything” Rosie assured her.

“No I know, I should have…”

“No. It wasn’t your fault. And you shouldn’t have done anything”

“Why did you…?”

“Because she’s never wrong!”

“Do you want any,,,”

“Nope” Rosie snapped. “Not the first time this has happened, right?” She was evidently less enthusiastic and excitable than usual. She was being blunt and direct. Her attempts at making a joke of the situation were coming over as annoyed observations.

Rosie patted her legs down as she stood up and observed the damage.

“I mean… you can’t really…” Lula began to comfort her. Only her backside has been soaked from the pee; the area which had been previously soaked from being pushed into the sea.

"Did you like that?" Rosie asked. Lula was stunned.

"Like what?"

"This?" Rosie asked, turning her body to show her soaked backside.

"I don't know what you're..."

Why is she asking me that? Did I 'like' it? What?

“Whatever. I’ll see you later? I want to get a shower” Rosie said. Lula knew that was her call to leave.

“I’m sorry, Rosie”

“For what?” Rosie turned to Lula finally and smiled. Her eyes were red and she still obviously had tears in her eyes. Lula’s eyes began to fill again too.

“Just sorry”

Rosie nodded gently towards the door. Lula attempted a smile and made her way out.

*090*2019-12-03 00:26

The School Trip - Part 3

Lula: “You’ve gone quiet x”

Lula: “Please say something?”

Lula: “I’ll come to you?”

Rosie: “You’ll get told off”

Lula: “And?”

Rosie: “I’m okay”

Lula: “Please let me help. No one thinks it’s your fault”

Rosie: “It’s not that”

Lula: “You’ve just lost all your”

Lula: “Energy”

Rosie: “(:”

Lula: “Come on this isn’t like you”

Rosie: “(:”

Lula: “Hold on”

Rosie widened her eyes and locked her phone, dropping it onto her chest as she lay in bed. She had been taken back form the events earlier in the day. She knew she was bubbly and confident at the best of times but it was all a barrier to how insecure she was about most things. One thing she hated especially was public humiliation. She’d had times in the past where her bladder problem had presented itself when she didn’t want it to and had had accidents when out with family. She always acted on the playfulness to hide how nervous she usually was. Admittedly, Lula’s life was a nice distraction to her own recently. She was enjoying supporting her friend more than thinking about herself. She hated getting help herself though. Although, she desperately wanted to tell Lula what Tom had said earlier but didn’t know how or when to bring it up.

Lula gently creaked her door closed and tip toed out into the poorly lit corridor. The lock of her door clicked into place and she stood there, cautiously, in silence. There was an intermittent buzzing along the length of the ceiling, but Lula couldn’t work out from where. She slowly edged her way over the rough carpet past some doors. There were a few knocks and bangs from the rooms she was passing by. Each sound made her freeze and hold her breath. About a minute of careful navigation in the partial darkness, Lula reached Rosie’s door. Shit. How do I…? She clasped the door handle and gently wiggled it, knocking softly on the hard wood. Lula heard faint footsteps coming closer. Rosie quietly opened the door and let Lula slip inside.

“Why did you come?”

“Because this time you need me. I think”

“Lule’s” Rosie hugged Lula.

“I didn’t know she’d…”

“It’s okay. It’s not that. I don’t do fighting so that’s why I stayed down”

“What is it then?”

Rosie pulled Lula towards the bed away from the door and they both sat down. Lula could see Rosie's black jeans from earlier laid out on the radiator drying. They continued to whisper loudly.

“With my… problem” Rosie started, waving her hands around and subtly pointing towards her crotch, “I don’t…”

“Don’t what?”

“I don’t… I’m not… I can’t…” it sounded like Rosie had a lump in her throat. Lula hadn’t seen Rosie this emotional for a long time.

“I don’t like things happening in public. I… it’s happened before, not with any of you around, and I just can’t… I hate what people think of me when stuff happens”

Lula didn’t know how to respond.

“You’re like my best friend and since, you know, what Charlotte said ages ago, I’ve realised that maybe I’m more normal? I trust you. You’re not horrible”

“Thanks?” Lula said softly.

“Really though. You don’t judge people. You’re too nice. People aren’t nice anymore”

“You’re nice” Lula attempted to reassure her.

“I’m broken” Rosie admitted, sniffing, with a glisten of a tear fall down her cheek. Lula began to well up too.

“No you’re not”

“See. Too nice” Rosie whimpered, leaning on Lula’s side. Lula put her arm round her friend and pulled her tight. There was about a minute of silence.

“I think she’s being picked up tomorrow” Lula eventually claimed.

“We were all such good friends” Rosie said quietly.

“We are” Lula admitted.

“Yeah obviously. I don’t know why she’s turned so bitchy. Beth hasn’t spoken much either”

“I think Beth is trying to stay out of it. I feel it’s all my fault”

“Charlotte started it all though” Rosie sniffed.

“…yeah”

Rosie suddenly jerked away from Lula and wiped her eyes.

“So” she snapped. That was a quick change in mood?

“So what? What’s up?”

“It’s okay. I’m okay. Look” Rosie took a deep breath, “earlier when, I was, after I was pushed”

“Yeah…”

“And Tom helped me up”

“Yeah…”

“He…”

“He what?”

Rosie let out a small snort of a giggle.

“What?!” Lula whispered slightly louder. Rosie smiled at Lula whilst tilting her head. That’s not her usual smug smile.

“He likes you Lule’s” Rosie admitted, bring her hands to her mouth with a cheesy grin. She shook her knees in excitement.

What the fuck. Lula’s heart jolted from a resting pace to a sudden strong beat. Her stomach expanded as she took a deep breath and seemed to feel bloated and wobbly. Her fingers tingles as a rush of pins and needles flowed from her head to her toes.

“How do you…”

“When you had your stand off with Charlotte, he helped me up”

“Yeah…, and?”

“He was nice and made sure I was okay”

“AND?” Lula whispered even louder.

“He said like, ‘wow she’s amazing’. I agreed. His eye. He had a twinkle. He couldn’t stop looking at you. I could see it. Him. Fixed on you”

Lula’s heart seemed to pound inside her stronger and faster with every other beat. She felt her face go red hot when Rosie told her what Tom had said.

“It’s so cute” Rosie said in a high-pitched whisper.

“I…” Lula couldn’t find her words. She was totally flustered.

“He’s year eleven though” Lula said with disdain. Her hands had started to sweat as she began to clench her fists with nervousness. Rosie held both of Lula’s arms and leaned in close.

“That’s his biggest concern. He said he doesn’t want it to be weird”

“…yeah” Lula began to whimper.

“People will think…”

“He’s with a younger girl yeah” Rosie admitted.

“He can’t…”

“He said, ‘the way she stands up for you’, as in me, he liked it”

Lula let out a small exhale of air as she scoffed. She sniffed and tightly closed her eyes to stem the tears.

“He said ‘damn’”

“Not damn” Lula tried to joke.

“He said ‘damn, Rosie, I like her’” Lula felt like she missed a heartbeat and had to take some quick breaths to catch up. Her insides felt hollow as the butterflies took up the space. She felt like she was being gently tickled by their wings underneath her skin.

“He said it?”

“Yeah” Rosie smiled, wiping away the last of her tears.

“I came here to help you you know” Lula said under her breath.

“You have no idea how much you’ve helped me” Rosie admitted, pulling Lula in for a hug.

“Go get him” she whispered into Lula’s ear. Lula pushed away.

“I cannot get caught. I can’t” The idea of going to see Tom tonight was horrifying. Exciting. Dangerous. Flustering. Necessary?

“If they catch me with him he’ll get…”

“Don’t get caught” Rosie said confidently, squeezing Lula’s arms.

“I’m under… he’s sixteen”

“God Lule’s you don’t have to do anything just go tell him!” Rosie gently shook Lula’s arms.

Lula took a deep breath to compose herself.

“I...”

“CAN. You CAN” Rosie reassured her. Lula couldn’t hold back the tears. She coughed and spluttered as she lost control. She leaned forwards and put her head in her hands. Rosie leaned forwards as well and their foreheads touched. Rosie grabbed Lula’s hands and held them tight.

“I love you Lule’s, I do” Rosie whispered. Lula nodded gently.

“I think you gotta go get him though” she admitted.

The two girls sat there for a few minutes until Lula had composed herself. They still sat leaning towards each other with their foreheads supporting themselves. After a while, Lula straightened her upper body and wiped down her face. She pulled her hair back behind her ears and stared at Rosie, who was still innocently smiling. She had genuine compassion in her eyes. Rosie leaned forwards and wiped the remaining tear from Lula’s cheek.

“Go” she smiled.

Lula took a deep breath and carefully got off from Rosie’s bed. She wiped her hands off on her pyjama shorts and stood in disbelief.

“Go!” Rosie encouraged.

“But…”

“I’m fine. Thanks to you. Now go have your moment” Rosie encouraged again.

“Thank you” Lula whimpered, her hands flat against her shorts.

“Thank you” Rosie replied, “He’s in forty two” she said.

Lula closed Rosie’s door gently. She heard it lock behind her. She was alone in the poorly lit corridor again.

Forty two. Forty two. Forty two. No. Nonononono. Go to your room. Don’t. Oh my god. Fuck fuck fuck fuck. He said it… Oh my god. Forty two. That’s… left? No. Just go back. Ohhhhhhh.

Shit. Oh shit. There it is. Oh shit. Oh fuck. Okay. In. Out. In. Out. You’re breathing too loudly. Oh fuck. Go back. Go back. Go back.

Lula closed her eyes and inhaled deeply. She kept inhaling erratically in short bursts as her body shook. She held her breath for a few seconds. Her entire face was clenched and tense. She could feel the pressure against all her teeth as she locked her jaw in place.

*badum. badum. badum. badum. badum*

Her heart was thumping against her chest. It felt as if the beat echoed down the corridor. Every time Lula loosened her fingers she immediately clenched her fists again. Her fingertips ached with tension. She could feel the skin under nails burn where she’d peeled the skin away not long before. She exhaled. Her mouth had formed a small ‘o’ as she tried to calmly empty her lungs. Her eyes were still shut tight.

Lula snapped her eyes open. The door was still in front of her. Nothing had changed. She hadn’t done anything. She felt like so much time had passed.

*bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzt*

She creaked her head to the right to see the fire exit sign emitting a low hum. The green light it emitted as the only light in the corridor. Lula looked down to see her clenching and unclenching her fists. She could make out her toes wriggling and tensing in her white socks. She looked back up at the door. She took half a step backwards and started to breath erratically. Lula slapped her hands over her mouth and lowered her head. Her breathing had become louder. Lula started to shake her head trying to convince herself to breathe quieter.

She attempted a few more deep breaths. He spine straightened as she felt herself back up against the wall behind her. Her T Shirt rolled up as she slowly lowered herself to the floor. Her backside slumped onto the carpet with her legs up in front of her; her feet planted on the floor. She was sat up in a foetal position. Lula’s head was still deep in her hands. She could feel her fingers dampen from tears and her palms get warm from her breath. Stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop. Please stop. Please stop.

Lula tried to listen to the buzz of the nearby sign. She figured if she could still hear the buzz then she wasn’t breathing or crying too loud. She sharply held her breath.

Silence.

She widened her eyes and frantically looked up to the sign. The green glow still dimly lit the area around her. The buzz had stopped. Did it even start? When did it stop? Was it always buzzing? Is there a room behind me? Did they hear me hit the wall? What if someone comes? Lula’s throat felt swollen as she grasped the loose material of her pyjama shorts and clenched them in her fists. Her top lip trembled as she tried to stop panicking. She wanted to go back to her room. What am I doing? Stupid. Stupid. Fucking. Stupid.

Lula let go of her shorts and wiped her eyes. Her hands were shaking.

*badum. badum. badum. badum. badum*

She hadn’t calmed much but suddenly felt a sense of composure. She took a few controlled breaths and began to try and stand up. As she folded her right leg under her backside the door handle in front of her creaked and lowered. She was stunned in place. The door gently swung into the room an inch. Lula’s throat started to swell again as her eyes welled up. The silhouette of a head peeked from the gap between the door and the wall. The room behind the face was slightly lit like an orange blur behind her teary eyes.

“Lula?” Tom spoke quietly.

Lula burst into tears and nodded before finally looking down to the floor. She had fallen back onto the floor and was resting on her leg. She once again held her head in her hands, covering her eyes as she wept.

“What’s…?” Tom started to ask. He didn’t finish his sentence. Lula heard the door creak open fully before hearing two footsteps move towards her. There was a rustle as Tom squatted down to her.

“Shhh. Shhh” Lula flinched as she felt his hands on the back of her shoulders pull her in slightly. Without hesitation she let go of her face and grappled his back. She lifted herself up to him, pulling him down even more. She sobbed into his right shoulder. She sniffed as she felt a string of snot dangle from her nostrils. She knew she was a mess. Lula flinched again as she felt Tom’s right hand move from her shoulder blades, up the back of her neck and his fingers intertwine with her hair. It felt like the palm of his hand cushioned the back of her head. They were in full embrace and she felt protected, despite the crying.

“Come on” Tom whispered into her ear as she felt his pull her up slightly. Lula complied, using his strength to pull herself up. They were now standing; Lula’s face was pressed against the top of Tom’s chest. He continued to rub his fingers over her head and through her hair. She shivered at the sensation.

Lula could feel her body being shifted forwards as Tom took a step backwards towards his room, not letting go of her. She went with his movements. Eventually Lula scrunched her big toes and felt her socks press into a slightly thicker carpet. She was gently swung around and she heard Tom’s door close. She was in his room. She was with him. She felt like he had full control of her and in that moment that’s exactly what she wanted. She had let herself into someone else’s bubble. Another person was responsible for her. Someone else’s security was her safety. She began to weep more.

*badum badum badum badum*

She was certain he could feel her aggressive heartbeat against his chest. They hadn’t moved for a while. They just stood there. He was just standing there. He said nothing. He was letting her have her moment. He was letting her calm down. He’s… I just need to… I can’t. I want to. I have to. He… I… Oh no. No. No no no. Oh. I…

Lula looked up at Tom. He looked down at her. His face was blurry behind her tears. She could make out his features though. His skin was a golden colour in the orange glow of the lights. Just… I… Can’t… I… I…

“I love you” she whimpered as she began to cry more. With those words Lula felt a flush of pins and needles from her head to her toes. Her stomach relaxed as a massive weight felt as if it had lifted. She scrunched her toes into the carpet even more.

Tom tensed his back as he felt Lula pull and clench at his T Shirt. She had sunk her face back into his chest. He took a sharp inhale of breath at what she’d said. Still stroking her head he looked up and around the room. He felt his mouth form a smile. He fought against it but was losing. He thought he’d known for a while, but she was usually so hard to read. So reserved. So innocent. So cute. So beautiful. He tensed his hand at her head and pulled her closer. She felt the pressure and looked up at him again.

He was looking down into her eyes. He was smiling. He hasn’t said anyth…

Tom moved his face to hers. Lula felt her head comfortably sandwiched between his own head and hand. She felt a stronger wave of pins and needles as the tip of her tongue twitched against his. Everything disappeared. Everything went quiet, Her heart rate lowered. Her toes relaxed. Her fists unclenched. Her body felt floppy as, in this moment, everything was going on in her head. Her mind was exploding as she had finally admitted what she’d not said for so long. From the first time they’d met, to the texts, the talks, the awkwardness, the giggles, the reassurance, the comfort, the… the… She’d lost her drain of thought. He wasn’t being too forceful. As he had some seconds moving his tongue around hers she gained an instance of confidence and kissed back.

The feeling was mutual. Oh it was so mutual. She wanted to give back. She wanted to prove. They continued for no longer than thirty seconds. To Lula however, time had stopped, Nothing else was happening. No one else existed. It was just the two of them. As Lula’s effort into the kiss weakened slightly Tom pulled away and rested his forehead on hers. She felt flushed again. Her face and cheeks fizzed with warmth. She could feel herself grinning. What had been a cry had turned into a chesty giggle every so often. She looked upwards slightly. The tips of their noses bounced off each other.

“I love you too”

Still smiling, Lula’s chest bounced a few times as she felt the tears come back. She was no longer nervous. She was no longer anxious. These were happy tears. Lula pulled Tom close again and hugged him tight. Her right ear was pressed against his chest. She could hear his heartbeat over her own. It was fast. He’s nervous? Excited? Telling the truth? For me? She grinned wholesomely and closed her eyes again.

“You have to go back” Tom convinced her quietly. Lula knew it was totally against the rules to stay, let alone be in his room. They both knew this. Lula didn’t think for long. What started as a small quick nod turned into a sure nod against his chest. Lula stopped. She began to shake her head. Slowly. Left, right, left, right, as she felt her nose dig into his chest.

“You can’t…” he began to say.

“I know” she whimpered.

“I could… I’ll use the spare blanket on the floor?” Lula could feel his head lift as he looked over to the spare blanket he’d pushed onto the floor at the end of his bed. Lula didn’t react immediately. I shouldn’t be here. Could I…? Do I have any control? What if I said…? Lula could feel herself have thoughts she’d never had before. She shook her head into his chest again.

“You can’t. We can’t”

“Lay with me” she said with an unusual tone of confidence; her face still buried in his chest.

Tom pulled the cover up and slipped under first. He didn’t want to make it feel he was trapping Lula against the wall. Lula followed him under and snuggled with the duvet. She’d never done this before. She’d only ever had a bed to herself. All the space to herself. The duvet to herself. All the pillows. She shivered as she felt her bare legs brush against his. The hairs on his legs tickled as he moved his calves.

“I… I just want to lay” she said nervously. She was totally not prepared for anything. This was all so spontaneous. Just laying with him was enough. She started to feel nervous again.

“Of course” he replied warmly.

“We can’t. I can’t. I’ve never…”

“It’s okay” he reassured, “I… huh. I haven’t eit…” he began. Lula shook her head.

“I don’t care. Just lay” She turned around and felt his body against hers. His arm was wrapped over her side as she hugged it. She felt completely secure. She’d spooned her own pillows in her bed but doing it for real was just… so real? So nice.

Lula wiggled her waist and bent her legs at her knees. Once again they wrapped their calves together. As they lay there Lula started to consider the face he’d only been wearing his boxers and a T Shirt. She was in loose pyjama shorts and a T Shirt. A lot of skin was exposed between the two of them. She could reel the roughness of his hairy legs against her smooth skin. She knew everything about this was so wrong but it all felt so right. She could feel hear heart rate resting as she became more and more relaxed and fell more and more in love; whilst feeling more and… more… tired.

*094*2019-12-03 23:14

The School Trip - Part 4

Lula took a few deep breaths and yawned. She shifted on her side and separated her toes, wiggling her feet and stretching out her legs. Her left leg began to creep out of the cover and off the side of the bed. As she twitched she felt bloated and strained in the stomach and immediately curled back up,

What… what was that? She felt a limb stretch out and brush against the back of her legs.

Whatthefuck.

Lula snapped her eyes open and held her breath. She didn’t recognise the walls in front of her. She grabbed the duvet tightly and winced. There was a faint breathing form behind her. She felt the mattress budge as a weight moved.

Oh shit. Oh fuck. Oh no. Oh fuck. Lula suddenly remembered where she was. The room was ambient and was dimly lit by the rising sun outside. The curtains gently swayed in the breeze let in by the window. Lula felt her heart rate start to increase. She had fallen asleep facing away from Tom and woke up in the same position so obviously hadn’t moved much. She started to recall what had happened the night before. The room was cold. She pulled her foot back under the cover which had retained a lot of warmth. With every movement however, she felt her stomach ache and her bladder swell. Her body was naturally tensed and holding the morning’s pee.

Lula couldn’t turn around to face Tom. She felt elated but so incredibly nervous and anxious and flustered. She smiled hopelessly at herself at what she could remember before getting into bed. She felt safe where she was but knew she couldn’t stay.

I have to get back. I can’t be found here. I can’t wake him up. I can’t look at him. Oh wow. Uh. I need to go back. I need to… go. Christ. I need to piss. NO. Not here. Don’t be so fucking stupid. Just sneak back to your room.

Without turning to face Tom, Lula slithered out of the cover one limb at a time. She pressed the toes of her right foot on to the carpet below as she rotated onto her front. She had forced herself into a really awkward position with her left leg still in the bed. The duvet pulled as she turned round. Tom sniffed quietly which turned into a slightly louder snort. Lula froze.

With her left foot on the floor, she supported her own weight and placed her right palm on the floor too. In one sure movement she pulled the rest of her body to the floor with a thud.

What the fuck are you doing? Lula’s heart was still pounding away. She felt like Kayako from The Grudge, almost on all fours on the floor feeling really awkward. She shivered as a gust of brisk air lifted the curtains and frisked her bare legs. This didn’t help the bladder situation. As well as getting off the bed, Lula was focusing on holding her pee too. Ooohhhhh damn.

Lula looked up and slowly began to stand. Her legs were slightly apart as she supported herself. Tom seemed to still be asleep. She pressed the button on her phone and it read 07:47. I should be able to get back. She knew she had to be quick.

Picking up her phone she took one last look at Tom asleep. Her heart throbbed as she couldn’t help but smile. She could feel her dimples carving away at her cheeks. Just looked at him made her feel giddy.

Are we a thing now? Are we… Do I have to ask him? Will he ask me? Oh my God. Wow. This is… Go. Just go!

Lula felt terrible and felt like she was bailing but she knew she couldn’t be found in Tom’s room. She tiptoed over the floor to the door. Slowly, quietly, she pushed down the handle and creaked it open enough to listen for anyone moving around. She bobbed up and down on the spot as she carried on holding. There were no sounds. Lula quickly slipped through the door and held it as it closed. The lock clicked.

*badum badum badum badum*

Trying to waste no time, Lula daintily crept through the corridor on her tip toes, freezing at every creak of the floorboards.

No no no no. Come on, come on, come on, come on.

Lula began to scrunch up her face as she darted past the bedroom doors. Despite the excitement she now felt vulnerable. What if she was found? What if a teacher was getting ready to knock on doors? What’s her explanation? She coulnd’t think of anything other than being quiet and holding her pee.

As Lula crept past Rosie’s door she considered knocking and going in. She had so much to say. SO much to tell her friend. Rosie’s room also had the closest toilet. She’s probably asleep. I could stop and listen? No. Can’t. Too much time to wait. Just get back. Ooohhhhh.

Without too much hesitation, Lula carried on through the corridor, peering around corners and tyring to be as quiet as possible.

There it is! Oh yes yes yes yes yes.

Lula’s focus was totally on getting to the toilet now. As she moved around she couldn’t strain too much as her bladder was bloated enough to make her stomach ache and balloon out slightly. She felt on the verge of having a genuine accident. Turns out excitement and fear were a bad combination when desperate for a pee.

She placed a hand on the door to her bedroom and fumbled with her phone case to get the key card out.

Come on, come on, come on, come on.

She bobbed from foot to foot as she fought with her phone.

Pleeasseee. Come on. Nooo. No no no no.

As she placed the card to the pad she felt a small trickle of pee. Lula winced and took a sharp inhale of breath. She clamped herself again and forced her thighs together. The pad bleeped and the lock clicked as she pushed down the handle and almost fell into her room. Everything was as she left it the night before. It looked tidy and unlived in. Lula began to feel slightly guilty.

The door locked behind her. Lula’s whole body was trembling as she held back the dribble of pee. She was losing the fight. She leapt forwards and pushed open the door to the en-suite. As her left foot left the carpet and tapped the cold laminate flooring she flinched and stumbled into the door. As she flinched she inhaled and momentarily lost the ability to tense. A small wave of warmth spread through her underwear, She felt a few drops land just above her knees. She was making a quiet whimpering sound. She had so almost made it. Just a few more…

As Lula bent down to pick up the toilet seat she put pressure on the bloating in her stomach and the flood gates opened. Lula took another sharp inhale as she lost all control. There was about a second of hissing before the sound of falling liquid onto hard floor. As she began to wet her hands slipped on the toilet seat and it crashed back down making a loud plastic on plastic sound. This made Lula jump and push harder for a second. The rush of warm pee pillowed against her skin and her underwear and trickled down her legs onto the floor. She could feel the pee splatter onto her feet and as it began to pool underneath.

Lula dropped to her knees. There was a shallow splash as she hit the floor. She was breathing deeply. She looked down to see her pee fall. Her light grey pyjama shorts were loose enough to et most of the pee out of the leg holes but she could see where some of the material was getting soaked. She closed her eyes and let it happen. As she peed she remembered saying those words to Tom. She remembered the kiss. The warmth. The comfort. The emotion. She moaned as she throbbed. The release of the pee was making her sensual. Every emotion felt amplified. Lula slid a hand underneath the shorts and cupped the outside of her soaking cotton knickers. She felt the force of the stream against her skin. She groaned. With one hand clasping the toilet, supporting her weight, she slumped onto the floor and felt her backside splat into the puddle. She moved her middle finger gently over the stream of pee and felt it separate around it. She imagined Tom’s hand there instead. This made her body jerk.

The pee began to die down. Lula knew the comfort and security of being alone allowed her to enjoy these moments more. The fact she hadn’t planned this made it ever more exciting and without the risk of being seen. As the pee stopped she began to feel the wetness of her knickers. She was still throbbing. She was still heavy with emotion. As she moved her fingers around on top of the knickers she let go of the toilet, placed the spare hand into the puddle and straight onto a breast. Her almost locked open as she let out a moan and a few erratic breaths.

As the feelings started to subside, Lula had her eyes closed and was regaining control of her breathing. She crossed her legs. There was a patter of liquid as she adjusted her calves. The now cool liquid was soaking most of the lower half of her body. In the excitement of the moment she slapped her hands back on the floor to just make sure it wasn’t a carpet. It wasn’t. Oh. Oh. Good.

Pee dripped to the floor as Lula began to stand up. She turned to look in the mirror above the sink. Her upper body was dry except from the one dark, wet hand print on her breast. She looked down at her shorts. They were mostly dark grey. The loose material was creased and stuck to her legs. She could make out shiny streaks of wetness down her thighs and knees. Still looking down, she squeezed and forced out the last dribble of pee. It pooled against her crotch then fell to the floor.

Thinking back to Rosie’s room the night before, Lula decided she’d shower in the clothes to try and wash them at the same time then leave them on the radiator to dry during the day. As for the floor, she had no option but to use one of the two towels which had been provided by the hostel. Annoyingly, they were white, Lula was worried they’d stain yellow but she had nothing else to use. She decided she’d spray them with perfume after her shower at least.

What a night. What a morning.

*102*2019-12-08 22:00

The School Trip - Part 5

Lula turned the radiator on full and placed the soaked shorts over the top. They were saturated and dark grey from the shower and the material clung to the metal radiator. They smelled like strawberries now, at least.

Lula felt rushed and panicked. Despite there being quite a bit of time before they were all expected at breakfast, Lula couldn’t relax. So much had happened. Her mind was racing.

She hurriedly dressed into some tighter fitting blue jeans which had slight tears over the knees, and a baggy light pink, cream, and dark grey striped jumper. She’d also put on her black and yellow Halestorm ‘I Like it Heavy’ T Shirt for an extra layer of warmth.

Lula sat on the edge of her bed fumbling with her hands. She was wide awake, elated, excitable. She kept recalling what happened last night over and over again. The memory of being in bed with another person sent a shiver down her spine. Lula couldn’t stop feeling flustered and red in the cheeks. The feeling of the morning’s wetting and the explosion of all her sensations was feeling what Lula could only compare to what she imaged a drug high would.

*Vrrbbt vrrbbt*

Lula jumped and skipped a breath. She grabbed and unlocked her phone.

Rosie: “BITCH WHAT HAPPENED?”

Rosie: “DON’T IGNORE ME”

Rosie: “WAKE UP”

Rosie: “HAAAAAYYYYYY”

Rosie: “OH NO”

Rosie: “ARE YOU STILL WITH HIM?”

Rosie: “STOP LOOKING AT HER PHONE TOM”

Rosie: “BE NICE TO MY LULA”

Lula: “I’m in my room”

Rosie: “WHAT DID YOU NOT GO?”

Rosie: “WELL?”

Rosie: “DO I ASSUME YES?”

Rosie: “I’M GOING TO ASSUME YES YOU DEVIL”

Rosie: “YOU A WOMAN”

Rosie: “A STRONG INDEPENDENT WOMAN WHO DON’T NEED NO MAN”

Rosie: “WELL ONE MAN”

Lula: “…”

Rosie: “WTH DOES THAT MEAN?”

Rosie: “I’M COMING TO YOU”

Lula: “Wait”

Silence. Lula was not at all prepared for such an explosive conversation so early.

*knock knock knock knock knock knock*

Christ.

Lula got up off the bed and shuffled over to the door. The moment she pulled the handle down Rosie barged inside and grabbed Lula by the shoulders.

“What. Happened?”

Lula didn’t… couldn’t respond. She didn’t need to. Her face went bright red. Her cheeks puffed from her helpless grin. Rosie’s eyed widened.

“YOU DID!”

“Shhh. Shh” Lula tried to calm Rosie.

“You did, you went. What happened? Tell. Me. Everything” Rosie began to push Lula back towards the bed and they both sat down.

Lula couldn’t wipe the stupid grin off her face. She attempted to sink inside her jumper but only got as far as hiding her hands in the sleeves.

“Seriously. You have to tell me” Rosie had grabbed one of the unused pillows and leaned into it whilst sitting crossed legged on the unused duvet. She quickly realised.

“You made your bed already?” Rosie questioned. Lula didn’t respond. Rosie gasped.

“YOU STAYED?” she exclaimed with wide eyes. Lula’s lips tightened as she lowered her head and looked up at Rosie, fiddling with her sleeves.

“DID YOU…?”

Lula shook her head.

“GOOD BECAUSE HE’S OLD”

Lula tilted her head and frowned.

“He slept on the floor?”

Lula shook her head again.

“You little whore, tell me more”

“Shut up” Lula finally replied.

“Um. Excuse me. You have to tell me. It’s like… the rules?”

“The rules?”

“YES. The RULES. Does he have a cute butt?” Rosie paused and didn’t blink after asking.

“What. No. I didn’t see…”

“WHAT DO YOU. WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU DIDN’T SEE HIS BUTT?”

“I didn’t” Lula blushed.

“DID YOU SEE HIS…?” Rosie opened her hands and moved them forwards and backwards in a suggestive motion.

“What. Hmph” Lula coughed, “No?”

“WHAT DO YOOUU MEANNNN WHAT. HMPH. NO?”

“Well… no?”

“Tell me your secrets girl!” Rosie begged. Lula shook her head smiling. She knew that honestly she didn’t have much to admit. If anything, she was feeling calmer in herself seeing Rosie get excited for her. Rosie huffed.

“I. Am. Going to a pee. YOU wait there and THINK about last night” Rosie pointed at Lula as she threw aside the pillow and side stepped around the bed. Rosie closed the bathroom door behind her.

Lula’s heart sunk. Fuck. My shorts. She’ll see. Fuckfuckfuckfuck. Oh no.

A few minutes later Rosie emerged from the bathroom with a raised eyebrow.

Ahhhh she saw them. Fuck.

“Full of surprises” Rosie poked.

“No?”

“Don’t you no me” Rosie responded sharply, slowly creeping across the room before regaining her position on the bed.

“…No?”

“The shorts?” Rosie asked, pointing back towards the bathroom shaking her head in confusion. Lula’s face went a darker shade of red.

“You said you didn’t…?”

“We didn’t”

“Then what…?” Rosie’s tone had shifted. She was less excitable and more curious.

“Nothing” Lula lied. Rosie raised her eyebrows.

“Nothing?! Why are they soaked and on the…? You know what don’t answer. I have a game”

“A game?”

“Yes. A Game. I won’t pee allll day until you tell me everything that happened”

“What that’s stupid”

“You’re stupid. Tell me? Tom? The shorts?”

Lula shook her head again.

“Then I won’t pee. My life. My social status. My bladder. You’re in control. You can release me only if you tell me what happened”

She’s lying. This is stupid. She, of all people, can’t hold all day. Why does she have to be so pushy? Nah, definitely lying.

Lula shook her head again.

“Fine. You’ll see” Rosie smiled, “Breakfast?” she asked enthusiastically.

The girls made their way downstairs in silence. Rosie had a skip in her step. Lula was quietly confident. She still felt on top of the world. She felt happy and oddly mature.

The dining area was open and bright. The walls were painted white full of wooden wicker ornaments and photo frames. The room was aptly themed for the coast, with pictures of the beach and local landmarks. A small boat’s anchor was perched in the corner of the room. Draped in a fishing with fake seaweed and shells. The floor was a tiled brick pattern which would have been cold to touch.

The breakfast was a buffet with a selection of cereals, pastries, fruit, cold meats, bread rolls, and juices. The was gentle chatter throughout the room. Small conversations here and there. The teachers were walking amongst the groups, asking how people were, making sure the Year 11’s were keeping up with their notes.

Rosie purposefully slurped at her cereal whilst maintaining eye contact with Lula.

“Stop it”

“Tell me?”

“No”

*schluurrrp*

Lula winced at Rosie who smiled back, dribbling milk from her lips.

To distract herself from Rosie, Lula looked up and around the room. She saw Tom over Rosie’s left shoulder in the corner of the room. He was already looking at her. Both of their faces went a shade redder having locked eyes. Lula quickly looked back down at her bowl. Rosie noticed and looked behind her.

“THE TENSION” She whispered loudly.

“Shut up” Lula giggled.

“Well?”

“Nope”

“Fine. I’m having another drink” Rosie scoffed and strutted away from the table. Lula noticed that Rosie had on her second pair of jeans. Maybe she couldn’t stand to wear the one’s from yesterday. Maybe they were still drying out. They’re blue though. LIGHT blue. IF she’s not joking around… she wouldn’t be able to hide it. She has to be joking though.

Rosie’s jeans were in fact a baby blue and faded down the front of each leg. There was certainly no hiding it if she was to keep her promise and Lula was adamant in saying nothing.

The students were given a 10 minute warning to be upstairs as they all began to finish off their breakfast. A clambering of plates and cutlery were piled onto trays by the servery and everyone flocked up the stairs to the reception. Lula flinched as she felt her hand be grabbed in the crowd. A thumb quickly swiped its way over her palm. The fingers pulled gently out of her grip as people barged past. As she looked up, Lula made out the back of Tom’s body. He was wearing a dark grey hoodie which looked both comfy and warm. Her hand fizzed. Her fingers felt loose.

There was only half of the days’ worth of activities left to do before getting the coach back home. It was only a short trip after all. The Year 11’s were expected to go back to the beach and research some… stuff. Lula wasn’t really listening. Everyone else was given the morning off since they weren’t taking the exam. They had free reign of the town centre for about two and a half hours. Exciting.

After a short but brisk walk to a different beach the teacher laid the ground rules: Stay in the town centre, stay in two’s as a minimum, come back here if you’re lost, call the emergency number if there’s a problem, don’t go near the sea, and don’t take sweets from strangers.

“You’re all representing the school, even when you’re not in uniform, so I don’t want to hear anything bad come back to me, okay?!” Everyone gave a half-assed ‘yes’.

As groups of people began to disperse, Lula just looked at Rosie who seemed all so contempt.

“So where to my mystery friend?” Rosie asked.

“I don’t know”

“Come on, girl! Last night you made a good decision, right? Now make another one”

Lula frowned.

“Just walk? See what there is?” Lula shrugged.

“You” Rosie pointed at her, “are boring”

Lula nodded.

“BUT you’re not. Tell me?”

Lula shook her head. Rosie grumbled.

“Fine. We’ll go this way then”

The girls spent an hour and a half wandering around the main roads and up and down the cobblestone streets. They browsed souvenir shops, a few independent art galleries, stopped at a café for a hot chocolate each, spent money in a sweet shop, ate at a chip shop… drank, at a chip shop. Rosie kept pushing for information. Lula kept quiet. The clear morning had turned overcast during the girls’ activities.

They realised they had about half an hour to get back to the meeting point beside the beach. They had explored nearly every back street and tiny, quaint shop.

“These streets are cute” Rosie admired.

“Yeah” agreed Lula.

“I actually need to get back. I need to pee badly”

“Well you could have gone all day, don’t blame me for your stupid game”

“It is your fault though”

“Seriously, Rosie. Just go somewhere”

“Not the rules” Rosie joked.

“What rules?” Lula was getting louder; admittedly more annoyed. Lula felt the occasional rain droplet on her head.

“I don’t know what you’re hiding. That’s why I have to do this” she joked.

“You don’t have to do anything. This is more like… blackmail?”

“Not blackmail. It’s a threat” Rosie laughed.

Lula didn’t respond. They carried on walking down an unstable cobblestone street. Rosie was evidently shaking and bobbing as she walked. A slightly salty smell filled the air as the rain started to pick up.

“Seriously, go in McDonald’s in a minute”

Rosie shook her head. Lula couldn’t tell if she was finding this fun or what she was getting out of it. She admitted last night she hates any social humiliation so she wouldn’t dare attempt to wet like this. What was she doing?

“It’s almost like you want to” Lula plucked the courage to say.

“Want to what?”

“Want to pee”

“I do want to”

“No I mean… like you’re making sound like you want to”

“Want to… pee, I do!”

“No… pee… yourself?” Lula quivered whilst saying it.

There was a silence. The sound of cars became louder as they walked out from between the tightly packed buildings and cobblestone alley. The sound of the waves could be faintly heard ahead of them across the beach. The cover of the buildings either side of the narrow alleyway seemed to be sheltering them from the rain. Out on the main road it was a steady rainfall. The sky above the sea was an angry grey. God, I hate saying anything like that out loud. Ugh.

The two didn’t speak for the rest of the walk down the main road towards the meeting point. There was a sense of awkwardness. Lula was awaiting Rosie’s reply but for once she seemed to have stunned her into silence. The sound of the rain pattering against the concrete was louder than the faint waves across the beach. Shallow puddles had started to form against the curbs. Lula huffed as she shivered him her jumper.

“I didn’t think to bring a jacket” she admitted, her hair getting wetter.

“Shame” Rosie muttered, pulling up her own hood. Lula noticed she was occasionally squeezing her thighs together as she walked.

“Why are you doing this?” Lula asked.

“Tell me then?”

“What if I actually don’t want to?”

“I thought you would” Rosie replied, slowing down pushing her hands into her crotch before walking at a normal pace again.

“You’re actually going to piss. Just go somewhere” Lula felt she needed to mother Rosie.

“I’m fine” she winced.

“Well… you’re not?”

“Well… your fault” Rosie winced once again. Lula sighed.

Lula felt her jumper become baggy and heavy as it fell victim to the rain. The waves were picking up as they walked towards the group of students a few shops ahead.

“Rosie, Lula! Thank you for coming back. Just a few more now” stated Mrs. Jones, ticking her sheet as the girls approached.

“Hope we’re not waiting long” Rosie admitted.

“You’ve literally done this to yourself. Not fun now?” Lula was still feeling confident from this morning. She had successfully withheld all information and was now one step ahead of Rosie. It felt nice.

“Honestly. No” Rosie admitted once again, obviously in a bit of pain.

“Well we’ll go back soon to get our bags” Lula tried to comfort her.

“…Yeah” Rosie said quietly, her hands in her crotch.

Not five minutes had passed and the final few students still hadn’t met with the group. The rain had continued to pick up and the teachers realised not all the students had dressed for the weather.

“Right, everyone that’s here, go back inside. You have until half past to pack your stuff, keep the rooms tidy please. Meet back in reception at half past for the coach. Go. Off you go” shouted out Mrs. Jones.

“Thank Christ” Rosie muttered.

The students managed their way across the road and into the hostel. Lula felt a comforting rush of warm air as she walked into the building. It was nice to be in the dry. Rosie’s face seemed sore from wincing. She had a look of worry in her eyes.

In the bustle of the crowd, everyone but Lula and Rosie were left in reception. They had all pretty much sprinted off. Rosie was struggling to move quickly. She was exhaling and making ‘oh’ sounds as she walked.

“Lule’s” she said.

“What?”

“I actually don’t think…” she began to admit.

“Rosie, not here” Lula ordered, for both their sakes.

“Hey!” Lula heard a voice from behind her. Shit. Not now. Why now?

Lula turned to see Tom, wet from the rain. His hair was stuck to his forehead and the top of his hoodie was a darker shade of grey.

“Hi” Lula responded quickly.

“You okay?” he asked.

“Yeah. Sorry… We need to…”

“Oh, sorry” Tom thought Lula was trying to avoid him. He could sense urgency in her voice.

“No I don’t want to… not want to… I want to but… we… I… we have to go” she was trying to not let Tom know the situation whilst not trying to seem like a bitch about walking away. She wanted to stay and talk with him, so much.

“It’s okay” he said slowly. His smile started to reduce. Uuughhhhh. Why now!?

“I can’t” Rosie murmured, leaning against the door leading to the stairs. She was leaning forwards quite a lot with one hand over her abdomen. Supporting her weight against the wall, she shuffled over towards the lift.

“You… you’re only up one floor right?” Tom asked, seeing Rosie struggle. Fucckk. Please stop asking. Just go for now? Pease?

“Yeah” Lula admitted awkwardly, following behind Rosie slowly trying not to make it awkward that she was walking away from Tom.

Rosie pressed the button and a loud ding sounded. The lift door slid open. Rosie clambered inside. Lula darted round too and rapidly pressed the button for the doors to close.

“Okay bye…” Lula heard Tom say as the doors clunked together. The sound of his voice fading hit her like a brick. Ohhhhh, fuck sake. Please don’t hate me.

“Lula…” Rosie whispered. Lula barely heard her.

As Lula turned from facing the doors she saw Rosie curled forward over herself. Her backside was leaning against the wall of the lift, her knees were together and her feet slightly apart.

“Nearly there!” Lula encouraged.

Rosie shook her head. She sniffed. Is she crying? Oh no… Please no…

The girls shuddered as the lift jolted upwards. Rosie sniffed again twice. Rosie slid her head downwards some more and covered the back of her hair with her arms. Lula literally had a front row seat. A trickled of darkness slithered down the inside of her light blue jeans to her knees. From her knees some droplets hit the carpeted floor. The dark trickle stain increased in size as her legs began to glisten.

*DING. First Floor*

The lift jolted again as it stopped. The doors slid open. Lula exhaled sharply. She palmed the buttons so nearly all the floors lit up She rapidly tapped against the button to close the doors. They began to slide close. The lift jolted. As Lula turned around Rosie hadn’t moved. The sound of droplets hitting a soft surface had begun and she was squatting lower every other second. There was no salvaging her jeans. It was obvious what was happening. Lula just stood there speechless. There was nothing she could do to help her friend. She hated to think how Rosie was feeling.

The lift had been going for longer than last time. The sound of the pee hitting the floor had stopped. Rosie slid back against the wall and her backside hit the floor. Her knees were up and her feet against the wet carpet. Her head was still in her hands. She was completely silent. Lula could see Rosie’s crotch was saturated. Her jeans creased against her skin and crotch as her legs wobbled with the movement of the lift.

*DING. Fourth floor*

The lift jolted and the doors slid open.

“No. nononono” Lula muttered and attacked the button once again. The doors slid close. The lift moved up again. Oh fuck. What did I press?

The lift was going to stop at another two floors before it would go down. Oh shit. I’m so sorry Rosie. What can I do…?

“We’ll get you back, Rosie” Lula said calmly, despite her nervousness. Rosie said nothing.

“I’ll make sure no one comes in. I… panicked and pressed a few buttons. We’ll be back soon” Lula felt horrible admitting that.

The doors slid together and the lift moved once again. Another floor later it stopped, dinged, and the doors opened. The seconds droned by like minutes as the doors remained open. Rosie didn’t move. She didn’t make a sound. When the doors open, Lula stood guard, tapping the close button. The moment the doors closed she couldn’t help but turn and see Rosie’s accident. Seeing someone else wet was… interesting? Not the same as watching videos online. Seeing it was different. So real. There was significantly more humiliation involved in seeing it for real. Lula began to remember the time in the woos when Rosie squatted and wet in the bushes. That was in secret though. And the time in the taxi… that was mostly in secret. This was so open and unknown. Lula’s heart thumped. She couldn’t imagine being in Rosie’s shoes right now.

After another floor of panic, Lula manically tapped the button to get back to the first floor she could rush Rosie back to her room. Does she even have another pair of jeans? Oh shit.

There was a shift in motion as the lift began to go down instead of up. The drone of the lift moving was all that could be heard. Lula was clenching and unclenching her fists. She wished she could sit with Rosie but she knew she had to watch the door and make sure it was clear when they opened.

*DING. First floor*

The lift jolted and the doors slid open.

“This is it Rosie, come on!” Lula said with urgency. She peeked her head around the doors. The corridor was clear.

“Come on!” Lula said louder. Still looking down the corridor, she head a rustle as Rosie helped herself up. Lula wanted to look but knew she had to keep watching out. She moved her right hand behind her and attempted to one hand clap. She felt Rosie’s hand take hers. Lula pulled Rosie from the confinement of the lift and out to the right. It didn’t sound like people were around. She halted at the right turn. Lula peered around. No one. Cool.

Lula paced forwards again and felt the pull of Rosie’s weight as she brought her in her stride. A few steps down the carpet and a laughter could be heard. Rosie’s hand tightened around Lula’s. Lula lost her breath. She increased her pace and flung her body round the next left corner. Rosie darted in front of Lula and hid at the wall to her side. Lula felt Rosie tug at her hand. Lula looked over. Rosie’s hair had been messed up where she’s held her head in her hands. Her eyes were bloodshot red and tears had wet her cheeks. She shifted her head to the left as if to say follow me. Lula nodded.

Rosie pulled Lula forwards. Lula looked down to see the dark, wet backside of Rosie’s jeans. The stream had completely covered the back of her legs. It was almost as if they were supposed to be that shade of blue from where she was looking. They sprinted down the corridor past a few rooms, their feet thumping as they moved with urgency. Lula felt a bit disorientated. These corridors were laid out with long stretches and corners as the rooms were in blocks of six. Rosie leapt to the right and Lula almost lost her footing as she was pulled around the corner by her hand. She didn’t stop to look. Shit…

A few people were walking the same way as them about 10 meters ahead. Rosie immediately halted to a walking pace and Lula instinctively pushed past Rosie to stand in front. This was Rosie’s room at least. Just a few steps ahead. Lula felt Rosie grab her arms and push her forwards. Lula tried not to look awkward as she stepped forwards slowly. The adult woman in front turned around and smiled at the girls. Her own hand was resting on the back of her child daughter who was asking questions. The lady did a friendly laugh and faced forwards again. Lula felt Rosie clasp at her arms with nervousness before she let go, fumble around in her pocket and open the door to her room. Rosie slithered between the door and the wall and slammed the door shut.

What the fuck. Rosie…?

Lula stood there in silence.

Should I… knock? Why would she…? Is she angry at me? For fuck sake.

Lula turned and slowly made her way back to her room; unaware of where she stood with Rosie and where she stood with Tom.

