A Woman Of Grace

Author: Jane Jones

*000*2020-11-07 23:53

A story from a previous client, I posted an extract from this a while back and I think it's about time the full story went up here. If anyone's interested in a story of their own, drop me a message. Enjoy!

A WOMAN OF GRACE

“You’ll be fine Baru, they’re excited to meet you!”.

“I wish I had your confidence”.

“Come on!”.

Anika reached out and grabbed my sweaty palm, as my fiancée led me down the driveway of her family home. She is all-confidence and absolutely stunning: A tall, twenty-four-year-old beauty with beautiful long legs, black curly hair and luscious dark skin. Her eyes are a rich sea-blue and her smile could leave me weak at the knees; with chills running down my spine. My name is Baru, I’m twenty-years old and was born into a moderately well off carpentry family; growing up in Southern Delhi. I have green-eyes, short brown hair and am fairly muscular and tall; slightly more so than Anika, though not excessively.

Last year, through witchcraft or intervention by the goddess Lakshmi myself; my mother and father were able to arrange an incredible union: Between Anika and I, which was to be sealed over the next three days. Anika and I would be staying in their house during these times, where on the evening of the third day; I would drive us to our honeymoon hotel and our life together as husband and wife would begin. As such, I was incredibly nervous as I approached the building; preparing to meet her entire extended family for the first time.

It was beautiful, a nine-bedroom house built from well-maintained orange brickwork; pink lotus flowers adorning every balcony. As we approached, I saw the front door swing open; to reveal an extended family standing before us. I recognised her sisters Samiya and Darika immediately; they had acted as chaperones at our first meeting, along with her mother Ira. They shared her black hair, though weren’t as tall or poised as Anika. Her father; Harish, who I was meeting for the first time, stood behind a row of cousins, aunts and uncles I had no hope of recognising. Anika rushed to hug her sisters, as he looked towards me sternly. I tried to steady my hand as I reached out to shake his.

“It’s an honour to meet you Sir, your home and family are as wonderful as Anika said”.

His grip was firm, tough and he never broke eye contact; nor did I, a specific instruction from Anika. After several seconds, this seemed to warm me to him and we were invited in; then led towards one of the most glorious feasts I’ve ever seen. Dozens of plates, stacked high with mung beans, black grams, chickpeas, rice; steaming hot upon plates of silver, a variety of herbs, spices and sauces on large circular dishes and rows of drinks were on offer: Masala Chai tea; a favourite of Anika’s which she immediately raced to secure, foreign wines from Sicily and the United States, Russian vodka and unusually, British bread and butter brands on several plates. I then remembered that Anika had mentioned my studies in Britain for two-years to her sister Samiya, so they had gone to the effort to include it within the cuisine; which I was hugely touched by.

As the night wore on, the atmosphere was warm and friendly; food and drink shared freely for hours. I was questioned many times about myself, my work, salary; the expected questions, to which my responses seemed to endear them further to me. Anika’s father was particularly impressed with my skills in carpentry; as he himself was a semi-retired and highly respected goldsmith.

“A man who could not use his hands would not be worthy to lay them upon my daughter” he proclaimed loudly, to which Anika cried out in embarrassment; her sisters and aunts laughing giddily.

As the night wore on, I felt a growing need to use the bathroom, however I didn’t want to excuse myself until Anika had; feeling it might be seen as a sign of weakness.

“Isn’t that your fifth tea Anika, you’re going to burst from all this fine food!” I exclaimed, hoping my prodding might remind her of some need for relief she’d forgotten about in the festivities.

“Oh no, I’ll be fine, don’t worry”.

I was surprised, when I saw Samiya and Darika smirking.

“Anika never needs to go; she has the bladder of an elephant!”.

“It’s true, she has the bladder of ten men”.

Anika laughed as I pondered their words.

“I suppose I can hold off from breaks for quite a while”.

Ira laughed.

“I’ve seen you go whole days without a break, she’s got a bladder of steel”.

As they spoke, I thought back to the few occasions I’d spent with Anika since our engagement. At our first meeting, we’d spent the entire day wandering the hills; our chaperones closely following. Despite all of us having to stop to relieve ourselves at some point, Anika had carried on throughout the day without any need. That had been an entire day without relief. My mind wandered again to our third meeting, where we had been allowed a weekend together unsupervised.

We had gone for a river cruise along the Malabar Coast, during which we had seemingly been cursed with bad luck. Our boat had developed an engine fault, leaving us adrift in the Arabian Sea for five hours; before the ICG had been able to recover us. The day had been unbearably hot at 38 degrees and we had both been guzzling water by the gallon; trying to stave off heatstroke. I had stripped down to a sleeveless shirt, while Anika had modified her Shari to not cover her full body; though for the sake of modesty she’d refused to roll it any higher than the knees or elbows.

Our hotel’s bathrooms had been ruined by a plumbing nightmare and I’d been forced to relieve myself a dozen times in bushes or secluded areas behind trees; yet I had never seen Anika go. I could remember her stomach bloating out, yet she never complained, never begged of a need to relieve herself. When we awoke in the morning; meeting in the lobby from separate bedrooms, we spent the next ten-hours travelling back north and yet, she never slowed us for a restroom break; even as I had to stop several times. When we re-joined her sister’s and mother, it must have been at least fifty-hours since she’d gotten relief; yet I never saw any sign of desperation from her, bar perhaps one hug with her sister where she looked slightly tense. Beyond that, nothing.

I was interrupted from my thoughts by Anika’s father:

“Oh yes, Anika’s bladder is infamous in our household. Unlike her sister Samiya, we’ve had to deal with more close-calls from her than I can count!”.

“Father!” she cried, blushing bright red.

“There was also that incident with the silk gown-”.

“-Father!”.

“Now then everyone, let’s have dessert!” cried Ira, sparing her daughter’s shame; whatever it was, as a row of aunts and uncles moved to bring in plates of Masala Doodh Cake, Spiced Apple crumble and yet more refreshments of wine and alcohols. Assuming I survived the night without bursting like an over-filled balloon from food; I knew if Anika could cook even half as well as her family, I would never feel hunger again.

I lasted for another half hour before having to excuse myself; realising that there was no way I was going to outlast Anika’s bladder of steel. I had no idea how anyone could hold as much as her, she was tall, skinny; yet hadn’t gone for a break once, when all the rest of us had multiple times at the feast, even her father; a man three-times bigger than anyone I’d ever met. Regardless, I indulged in as much as I could of the rest of the feast; before we all agreed to turn in around 12:30; by which time, I felt I could hardly move.

I was led through the house by Ira; trying to mask my stuffed waddling as something close to a normal walk, where I was shown into a spacious guestroom. A large wooden bed, surrounded by mango-wood cabinets and cupboards; with a beautiful golden mirror on the far-left side. Spotting my reflection, I could have sworn that I was at least a stone skinner before arrival and thanked Ira before sluggishly changing into my; thankfully elastic, striped nightshirt and pants. Snuggling under the Egyptian cotton, I found myself drifting in seconds; my last conscious thought being Anika. In four days’ time, the ceremonies would be completed, we would be married and Anika would share a bed and much more with me at our honeymoon resort two-hundred miles away. I imagined her deep-blue eyes looking into mine as we kissed for the first time...

Some hours later, I awoke suddenly; clutching my still bloated stomach, trying not to laugh too loudly in the darkness. Anika’s family cooked in terrifyingly enjoyable quantities, I had to remember to restrain myself next time. I could feel a strong need for the bathroom and so quietly pushed open the guest-room door and spotted a nearby clock, 3:14AM. Moving silently, I approached the bathroom groggily; my half-asleep brain not realising the light was already on until it was nearly too late. I froze half a second away from pushing open the door and in my position, I could see who was occupying the bathroom: Anika.

I sighed quietly with relief, glad that my near-mistake would likely have only resulted in an embarrassing moment; rather than an angry rebuke or freak-out from her mother, father, sisters or extended family. I could see Anika was in a white dressing gown; decorated with gold patterns, as she sat upon the toilet with a sleepy expression. I was about to look away when I heard the sound of water hitting a basin and realised she was peeing. Well, that might be a bad description. It sounded more like she had turned on a hose, as I heard water rush against the basin at a furious pace; her piss streaming out from between her thighs with such force, I was transfixed in fascination. I felt myself throb a little as I could see her exposed shaved pussy and I couldn’t wait to unveil the rest of her in a few days. For now, I continued to watch in awe as I heard her moan gently with relief; a long and furious stream of piss rushing into the toilet for what had now been at least a minute.

I continued to stare in disbelief as two-minutes later, the bulge I could see at her stomach from today’s fine wining and dining had barely shrunk and her long piss continued, the furious rush beginning to make me feel dizzy: How on earth could anyone hold that much? Some-time later; at least another minute, her stream began to ease off and slowly decreased into a gentle; more normal stream, before finally ending in a half-dozen final droplets. I heard Anika relax, half-moaning; half yawning and quickly rushed back to my guestroom, hearing her exit the bathroom and close the door on her own bedroom.

Racing back into the bathroom, my own need to go now significant, I thought for a moment about what I had just witnessed and smiled. Anika had stronger bladder control than anyone I had ever met and it was another thing that impressed me about her: I loved her confidence, her warmth, her hidden but clear cheekiness; like when she had “Tripped” into my arms during our first walk together, even though I knew from learning about her since that she was an expert climber and wouldn’t have been thrown off-balance by a simple hill-road.

I drifted back off to sleep, thinking about Anika; her smile warming my heart…

The next evening began the first of the wedding ceremonies: The Ganesh Pooja. I, Anika, her mother, father and sisters; as well as an elderly grandmother, were all in attendance. I arrived second-to-last; in accordance to tradition, bowing to each member of Anika’s family. I was dressed in a full-body Jodhpuri suit; with grey patterning and buttons on the cuffs and collar. We were surrounded by red-flowers and ornaments; honouring Lord Ganesh and I took my place centred on a wooden-stage; an empty white bridal seat waiting next to me. Shortly after, Anika was brought in; dressed in a wonderful red gown; with golden patterns, where we were blessed by a priest for luck and good fortune.

That night, the first round of celebrations was in order and Anika and I were allowed to dance together; holding each other close. I could feel a slight bulge on her stomach and realised that she likely hadn’t been able to relieve herself all day; with emotional aunts constantly surrounding her, as well as far more preparations than I had to undertake. Indeed, as the celebrations settled and I headed for bed; her sisters were still sobbing emotionally around her, as I looked on sympathetically but exhaustedly lumbered towards my bed.

The next morning, I saw Anika and her sisters still curled up on the floor of the living room; she’d clearly spent hours comforting them, before they’d all collapsed asleep in exhaustion. I applied a blanket to cover Anika and saw her stomach had expanded further and raised an eye; though I figured with her bladder strength it wasn’t anything she couldn’t handle and she’d likely have time to relieve herself within an hour or two. I quickly learned that there would be no such luck for her: Within seconds of waking up, she and her sisters were whisked away for the Mehndi ceremony preparations and I saw practically nothing of them until the Sangeet; which was being hosted in a beautiful local hall; decorated with fine ornaments and colours, with a variety of songs playing throughout the night.

Anika’s arrival; surrounded by a dozen or more of her close-friends, warmed my heart and her hands were painted with multi-coloured lotus flowers in Henna dye as part of the Mehndi: A ceremony to ward off evil and “Promote fertility and attract good energy!”, her father bellowed loudly; explaining the custom to a friend of mine who’d come over from Britain, causing him to shoot me a sly grin. That night, I introduced Anika to my extended family who were practically all in attendance; as well as several close friends from Britain, Delhi and Mumbai.

Anika was chatting to them in a friendly manner, however I noticed she wasn’t moving as much as usual; normally owning a room with her confident and bold energy. I could see her stomach was pushing out further and every once in a while, her legs were coming closer together than normal. I realised she must not have been able to use the bathroom again for the entire day, yet here she was; maintaining herself with such dignity. Her beautiful red-gown glimmered in the hall and I looked towards her with complete affection, marvelling at her poise and beauty.

The event was grand and lavish. Dozens of women on one side of the room were having their hands and feet painted in Henna dye, while relatives on both sides were making their introductions. Food and drinks were shared about freely and I saw at least three glasses of wine come-and-go through Anika’s hands, shared between laughter, tears and conversation with all the guests. I heard bits and pieces of Anika’s throughout the night; caught within my own social circles and new ones that constantly divided my attention:

“You look so beautiful Anika”.

“I remember when I was your age, my Sangeet was something to behold”.

“I wish you good fortune and happiness”.

“Our daughter will finally settle and have children”.

“This is a blessed day”.

“I’m just glad nothing’s gone wrong, remember poor Samiya’s! Oh, what a disaster and that gorgeous silk gown! Can you believe she-”.

“Aunt! Please”.

Eventually, I was able to make my way over to my bride and find a moment of peace with her among the lavish chaos. Her long black hair was tied back and her blue-eyes looked deep into mine with that perfect smile of hers, I wanted nothing more than to kiss her; yet I knew it was not appropriate during the wedding. Our families; both deeply religious, would never approve of something so publically intimate and so instead, I held her hand in mine as we began to sway slowly to the gentle melodies of the music.

“I promise, I will always take care of you Anika, I’ll never let you down”.

“I know Baru, you’re a good man”.

“For you my love, I want to be the best of men”.

“You are to me”.

We both smiled softly and held each other gently through the soft rhythms of the music for several minutes. Pressed gently against her, I could feel how large and tight her stomach had swollen to be; yet she moved as if barely noticing it, a reality I could barely understand.

“Have you even been to the bathroom today?!” I whispered, gently rubbing her stomach.

“Oh, no I haven’t. I don’t really bother with things like that though when I’m busy”.

“But all day?”.

“I suppose it has been a while, I haven’t gone since… the night before last”.

I stared in shock as I realised that that meant the mammoth piss I’d secretly witnessed her having almost forty-eight hours ago was the last time she’d relieved herself. The thought left me in complete awe and I stroked her right arm gently, wanting to show my affection; without earning either of our family’s ire. Her arms locked around my neck and her eyes stared deeply into me; as I felt so complete with this incredible woman standing before me. Everything about her left me in complete awe and I held her as tight as we dared for a long time until family and friendship commitments forced us to separate apart.

The celebrations continued for several more hours, until finally; Anika and I returned to her family home, completely drained of all-energy. Her head rested lazily on my shoulder and within a few minutes-drive; she was asleep. As she lay there, I could see her stomach was now almost twice as big as before and could not fathom how it was even possible for someone to hold that much in. Nevertheless, I didn’t want to disturb her and so I turned to her parents:

“May I carry her to her room?”.

Her parents shared a look, before the father nodded; smiling softly. Once we pulled in at the house, I gently eased her into my arms; taking care to cradle her softly, without holding any areas of her body that would be deemed inappropriate. She was half-conscious as I gently lifted her up the stairs, easing her bedroom door open and laying her on the bed. Her room was full of makeup, henna dye, scattered family and friendship photos and clothes; yet the bed was clear, so I was able to gently rest her head on the pillow. I could see her mother, father and a few others were following behind me; yet despite that, I impulsively took a risk and kissed her very softly on the forehead, stroking her hair.

“Goodnight Anika”.

I walked quietly out as two of her close-friends entered; undoubtedly helping her to change and wash up, before she would fall back into her deep and well-earned slumber. I turned and bowed respectfully to her mother and father.

“Thank you for preparing everything so beautifully. I’m honoured to be joining your family and humbled that I am seen as worthy to your daughter”.

“Do you believe you are worthy?”.

The question came from her father, yet it might as well have been spoken by either of them; Ira and Harish staring towards me curiously. The tone of the question was not hostile, nor inviting, it was a neutral test of character and I considered for several seconds what they might want or not desire to hear. In the end, I spoke from the heart:

“Anika is the most incredible woman I’ve ever met and I do not think I am worthy of her. I don’t know that any man could be. She is kind and caring, beautiful and confident, the way she does everything with such strength is inspiring; she’s a woman of grace in every sense. I cannot compare. But I love her; with everything that I am. I will work for her, bleed for her; die to protect her if I must and spend my life loving her completely Brahman willing. What’s mine is hers and I will strive to ensure she wants for nothing during our lives together. That doesn’t make me worthy, I know. But I will never stop trying to be”.

Ira smiled gently and Harish simply turned to her and said: “You chose well my love”, before reaching out his hand to mine. We shook hands and Ira then pulled me into a hug and said: “Welcome to our family”. I felt tears well up in my eyes from emotion and simply managed to say a basic: “Thank you”; not trusting myself not to break out in tears.

Harish slowly walked away and Ira invited me downstairs for a private conversation. Pouring me a glass of Fratelli Brut, Ira spoke gently:

“She’ll be a good wife to you”.

“I have no doubt; I hope I can make a good husban-”

“It’s alright, you don’t need to convince me further” smiled Ira wryly. She sat herself down in an old wooden armchair, I took a seat directly opposite.

“When I was her age, I married Harish. He was strong, confident and successful beyond his years. You aren’t these things. But you are compassionate, caring, a gentle man; though not weak I think. Your strength is untested. But I can see it. When I chose you for Anika’s match, I could see you would be her balance and her yours”.

“I think you’re right” I answered honestly. “Thank you”.

“Anika has always been strong-willed and no doubt, she will be a different bride to you than I was to her father. I was demure, obedient and supportive; as was tradition. Yet now, our world has changed. Anika honours the traditions in culture but she has a wildness to her, a boldness; that I never had. I’ve no doubt that where I feared to lose my gown and coverings, she will relish their removal on your honeymoon. I’m sure you’ve been anticipating this for a long time”.

I choked on my drink, stuttering; trying to intelligently form words. Ira raised a hand.

“I have no judgments to offer you there, so have no fear. You are a man wanting his bride, there is no shame. Her body will have many treasures to offer you, just do not forget that her heart and mind will offer countless more”.

“I-I swear; I will not forget”.

“Good… you’ve noticed many of her strengths I’m sure already. Her abilities to deny the need for relief is impressive; even to me, as I had the same strength in my youth, though even that failed me on occasion. Yet for her it never has. A woman’s grace, her dignity; that has always been important to us, Anika has always taken great pride in that. Honour her for it, as you will much else. I do ask you though, as a mother for her daughter: Let her be weak with you. Let her be afraid and vulnerable and at times, lack grace. A wife is expected to be many things and must be many more. Please, do not make her be a ghost of herself; a shadow to expectations”.

“I promise Mrs. Khatri. She will always be honoured for herself with me”.

“Thank you Baru and please, call me mother”.

The next day was a beautiful day; though thankfully not unbearably hot, as I prepared myself for the Baraat ceremony. A friend of mine from Britain was standing among those present; Oliver, who gave me final congratulations; and condolences, before marrying, his classic wit.

“Good luck Baru, don’t fall off”.

I smiled and began riding forwards on a white steed, family and friends of mine on all sides following behind me. The horse kicked grass as we made our way towards the wedding grounds, where a lavish white mandap stretched out in front of at least a hundred-guests. As we closed in, dozens called my name and cheered; shouting blessings and well-wishes, as I reared the horse-up; sending a cheer through the guests. Dismounting, I took my place underneath the canopy and waited for her arrival her parents sat underneath as well on each-side.

A few minutes later, I saw Anika approach. She looked more radiant than I’d ever seen her, red-fabrics wrapped around her as golden jewellery and necklaces decorated her like a goddess on earth. She approached with a fervent smile, led by her uncle; who moved away as she took her seat beside me. Her sister Samiya was taking the place of a brother for the next part of tradition, handing us beads of rice to throw into the ceremonial fire. As we did, I noticed how Anika’s body was incredibly tense.

She always stood with a tall but relaxed posture, yet right now, she was ever so slightly leant forward; her legs far too-close together for what I knew she found comfortable. Suddenly, I spotted what was causing her such discomfort and nearly gasped: Though practically unnoticeable to most, Anika’s stomach was bloated out now more than three times its usual size. A skinny woman even bloated; almost no-one had picked up on it, yet I realised that in the hustle of today’s preparation, she had been denied any chances to slip away and relieve herself. It must now have been at least sixty-hours since she had a bathroom break and the thought was making my head spin. How was that possible? How could she still be holding so much?

As the ceremonies continued, from the giving away by the parents to Mangalphera; the four-turn walk around the holy-fire, I could see that; even for Anika, this was putting her under strain. Up-close, I could see small beads of sweat forming on her forehead, her walk was slower than even courtesy would demand and as we reached Mangalsutra; the groom’s gift to the bride, the moment to seal our union, I looked into her eyes. She was smiling; her outward appearance calm, yet I could see a strain and a slight hint of fear that I knew shouldn’t be there.

Nervousness, yes; any bride on her wedding day could be forgiven that. My stomach alone felt like butterflies were using it as a breeding ground. But there was a worry there that wasn’t towards me but instead towards our friends and family and I knew right then, for as calm as she was, that Anika; for the first time I’d ever seen, as well as probably one of the few times in her life, was genuinely desperate for relief and afraid of humiliating herself and them.

Even so, I was determined to put her at ease and so; as I applied red powder to her forehead, I ever-so-slightly nodded, smiling softly as I laid a necklace of beads and diamonds around her neck. She smiled knowingly at me, understanding I could feel her pain; doing her best to supress it for our moment together now. Those around us began to throw flowers and cheers erupted as we hugged each other-close. With her body pressed against me, I could feel the hardness of her bulging stomach and gently massaged her back, whispering into her ear faintly:

“I love you Anika, I’ll always love you and I know your pain. I’ll find you relief”.

Unfortunately, that proved nigh impossible. Strangely; as it turns out, at a wedding the bride-and-groom are the centres of attention and so dozens bombarded us with congratulations and letters containing rupees; or promises of gifts awaiting us when we returned from our honeymoon. Her sisters followed her with emotional displays seemingly in a repeating cycle: One would congratulate her, then break out sobbing; causing all of them to do the same, until calm was restored. Then the next would congratulate, begin sobbing; rinse and repeat. Each time, the sisters would throw themselves in hugs around her and I could see her body tensing each time; the added pressure clearly doing her bladder no-favours.

Over the next few hours, food, drinks, laughter and revelry was shared as I witnessed Anika’s signs of desperation grow subtly but noticeably worse. Sitting around the dining tables as toasts were given by my friends, I could see her legs clasping together; at first every once-in-a-while, yet as hours passed, they became more consistently held together. Everytime I would try and pull attention towards me or others; giving Anika a chance to slip away, some cousin would strike up a conversation with her and more would gravitate, to the point where after several tries, Anika finally gave up trying and held my hand; tightly, underneath the table. I rested her head against mine and spoke quietly as the music played:

“Do you want to try again?”. “There’s no point, we’re both going to have to stay here until we can leave”. “Are you going to be able to wait that long?”.

“I can do it. I’m have an iron bladder after all. I’ll make it”.

Iron or not, our remaining time there was gruelling for Anika; without question. To everyone else, she appeared perfectly normal; sat behind our table, she drank, ate, laughed and took compliments and gave them with perfect courtesy. She was the picture of dignity, a woman of grace. Yet behind the table, Anika’s growing desperation was becoming far more obvious. Her legs became wrapped around each other by the table legs, at first unmoving; then every-once in a while, gently bouncing. Then a light shake. Eventually, I would see her hands dropping subtly to her waist; where she would “Adjust” her gown, briefly holding her stomach and lightly easing the pressure as she did.

At one point, Ira approached us and gently whispered something too quietly into Anika’s ear for me to hear. Anika responded: “I’ll manage” and Ira kissed her daughter’s head, walking away; a slightly concerned look on her face. It was clear; that though everyone else might be fooled, a mother’s instincts had let her cut right through Anika’s façade and see that her poised, elegant, beautifully dressed and wonderfully graceful daughter was probably closer than she’d ever been to losing control of her bladder and wetting herself right where she sat.

I couldn’t even imagine how that would look; let alone the response. Anika’s determination was endless and her desire to remain sophisticated and in-control almost near-as powerful. If she broke, there would be no clear sign until the very moment it happened; the absolute second she lost-control being the first most moment most would realise anything had been wrong.

Yet despite my fears for her, Anika continued to hold on. At several points, a dozen different guests made toasts and all us sipped wine from our various goblets. I expected Anika just to pretend but she would genuinely drink from it; refusing not to enjoy the expensive wines on offer. Twice, refills were made to her glass when it became low and I knew that every drink she took was filling up her already strained bladder; her stomach filling out further. I couldn’t believe how she was managing it.

It was growing clearer to me by the hour that she needed relief, that the amount she was holding was seriously putting strain on her stretched stomach as I saw her right leg gently shake under the table but even if we could have found a chance; I doubted whether Anika would try again. She was determined to maintain her dignity, refusing to be seen as some little girl who desperately craved the toilet; needing to be excused from the celebrations of her own wedding day, just so she wouldn’t have an accident.

Even so, there had to be a dozen glasses worth of drinks over almost three days filling her bladder; constantly pressing on her overworked sphincter. That amount of piss resting inside, stretching what must be already exhausted muscles, would have driven anyone else to lose control or at best, be in constant wailing agony with tears and screams of frustration. Yet Anika kept up appearances and allowed no-one beyond her mum and I to know that anything was wrong, her smiles, laughter and wit lighting up the event.

An hour before the ceremony would conclude, our wedding photographer; Muhammed, called us over for some official photos by a pre-designated photography section. I looked nervously towards Anika, knowing that sitting down was probably a key part of what was helping her to hold on; yet she smiled as if unburdened, taking my hand in hers as we walked to the staging area.

As various photos of us were taken, I could feel Anika leaning her weight against me and ensured I was taking as much of her balance as would appear normal. She could not be seen to hold herself, nor shake and the pain of remaining rigid, upright or stretched out in various; non-moveable poses, must be setting her bladder on fire. Anika continued to hold through dozens of pictures with me and various guests, however two uncles took pictures with her; I saw her knees bend as she clutched forwards, holding her stomach for a second-or-two. My heart raced in fear, thinking this was the start of her losing control but instead, she straightened up and smiled at her family.

“Apologies, my gown’s strings got caught on the jewellery. Shall we continue?”.

The statement was effortless and said with a relaxed smile, yet I knew it was a lie; I could see the fear in her-eyes. She had just come close to losing control of her bladder, not just desperate as she had been for hours but actively about to have all the liquid held inside her like a burning hot energy; come pouring out through her dress. No-one else had picked up on this forever, as the uncles laughed; one of them commenting on how: “My daughter’s jewellery once got her trapped in a doorway for an hour!” and other such anecdotes that kept Anika standing beside them far longer than she wanted right now. Her mum approached and as she passed by me, quietly whispered: “Keep them away from us”.

As such, as Muhammed prepared his camera; I distracted several approaching guests with a loud display of approval for their attendance, challenging our wedding band to play some more energetic music to increase the revelry. Fresh rounds of dancing and singing broke out, as I stood close enough to just about hear Anika and Ira’s conversation.

“Anika, you need to go, right now”.

“I can’t get there without being mobbed, besides; I can make it.

“Anika, don’t be prideful. You’re desperate and in pain, I can tell. Tell the others you need relief. You can’t hold it any longer”.

“I can mother, I have to. It’s expectation, I have to remain in attendance. I just had a slip, nothing happened; just a twinge of pain worse than I expected. I can handle it”.

“Please, I can’t see another one of my daughters' disgrace themselves at their wedding. This is meant to be the happiest day of your life. Don’t spoil it and shame yourself”.

“I won’t mother. I won’t dishonour myself or our family like that. You know I can hold it”.

“You haven’t been like this since that horror with Romila. You know that-”.

“I was sixteen! You know that was different and no-one learned what happened then. I am not Samiya, I am not Romila and I am not a little girl. I am a woman grown, a wife and I will not dishonour us. I will not wet myself mother. Thank you. But I will make due”.

A few seconds later, Muhammed announced he was ready for their photo and mother and daughter smiled together; their argument unseen in their faces, nor heard to anyone but me. Anika took my arm and we returned to our seats; admittedly after several minutes of fighting through more guest conversations. As we sat, I saw Anika’s tense shoulders visibly relax; the pressure eased off her slightly. Even so, I looked down to see her immensely full bladder had stretched out her stomach even further; a slight, yet noticeable bulge through even the gown, so I could not imagine how it looked underneath.

Suddenly, to Anika’s left, I could see her sister Darika knock over a glass of wine; as attendants rushed to clear the mess, as she apologised profusely. I watched the red-liquid run over the table’s side, dripping onto the floor in long streams; the pattering against the grass. I then looked towards Anika’s face, she had turned her face away and was looking down at the table; while all were distracted, briefly glancing at me. Her expression had briefly turned to one of fear, frustration and vulnerability; my iron-bladder wife, tormented by the sounds she could hear around her; digging into her control like talons of growing desperation. I leaned in and kissed her cheek, quickly whispering into her ear:

“It’s almost over, just a bit longer sweetheart. You can make it”.

Indeed, the wedding was now nearly done. Storm clouds were beginning to form overhead and the ceremonies were over: It was time for me to lead Anika to our honeymoon car, where I would drive us just under two-hundred miles to the honeymoon resort, as soon as; once clearly out of sight of any guests, I would find the first bathroom available in a hopefully relatively quiet restaurant and finally get my bride the relief I could see that she was desperately craving and needed.

“It is time for the bride and groom to depart, let us wish them well!”.

Ira spoke and the relief in Anika’s face was palpable, as she led our guests in cheers and waves of goodbye as I helped Anika to her feet. She walked very slowly, waving goodbye to all and thanking many as we passed by; with enough time to wish our nearest and dearest personal thanks, though I could tell this was also from necessity. I had no doubt that she would rush off the grounds in a heartbeat, yet that would involve her having to run while visibly desperate; something she simply would not do. As such, I cradled her tense-body close as we wished all well and as we approached the car, I caught small fragments of a dozen conversations:  “She’s so beautiful!”.

“They make such a wonderful couple”. “Baru’s only gone and done it, never thought I’d see the day. Punching above his weight! Good on you lad”.

“If only Samiya’s wedding had gone this smoothly, that was a complete travesty! That whole business with the bridesmaid, complete stupidity and the way she ruined that dress when she-”

“Uncle, please!”.

Our honeymoon car was a white Jaguar XJ, decorated in pink and yellow flowers; the comfortable leather and air-conditioning a relief to both of us after hours against rigid wooden chairs and heat. We smiled at each other as I turned the ignition key and began slowly driving forwards, the cheers of dozens calling out to us as we rounded the corner. Once we were out of view, Anika visibly relaxed her shoulders; crossing her legs, sighing with relief.

“Are you alright my love?”.

“I’ll be okay, let’s just find somewhere as quickly as possible. I haven’t held this much in years. Even for me, its…”.

“It’s okay, I understand”.

“Thank you Baru”.

She held my hand as I moved us forwards, just a few miles and we’d reach the inner-districts and relief for Anika. Suddenly however, the car’s automatic Bluetooth connected a call from Ira. Her next words fell like a hammer-blow on Anika; her face turning pale:

 “The weather forecast is saying Monsoon rains are about to hit. You’ll need to get moving quickly”.

Monsoon rains. Devastating torrents of water that could disrupt the roads within minutes for the inner-cities and even the super-highways lasted only a few hours under constant barrage before becoming flooded and too-dangerous. If I drove us into the city to find Anika relief, it was certain that we would not be able to get to our honeymoon hotel in-time; the rains would trap us in the ruined inner-city roads. We had to get on the highways now, there was a turning for one in half a mile and I looked towards Anika. We both understood. To get there in time, there would be no stopping. No breaks. We would arrive in just over three-hours; a two-hundred-mile journey. Three more hours of agony for Anika.

“Anika-” I began.

“It’s okay, I know. I’ll hold it”.

I felt incredibly guilty as I turned onto the motorway and locked the car in the top-speed I could safely drive in this appalling weather. The sound of rain pouring onto the car had Anika staring at the floor in frustration, her legs wrapped tightly around each other. I noticed though, that she wasn’t using her hands or any more direct methods to control her need; possibly feeling too embarrassed. I thought back to what her mother had said to me the night before and knew how I could help.

“Anika, loosen your gown. Rest the seat back, then put your arms under your stomach. It will support your stomach. Hold yourself directly if you need to. It’s okay”.

“Baru, I-I can’t. That’s too shameful. I’m your wife, I can’t shame you by acting that way”.

“You won’t shame me Anika. You are my wife and that means, when you’re alone with me, you don’t have to be like you’ve always been. Constantly strong. Constantly elegant. You’re the most graceful, beautiful, determined woman I’ve ever met but you don’t have to be that for me all the time. I want you to be… you. When that’s good or bad. I want you to be vulnerable with me, to know I won’t judge you when you’re in pain or weak or… holding a bladder fuller than ten elephants”.

Anika giggled but looked towards me with wide eyes.

“I love you Anika and I can’t imagine how much pain you’re in right now. Please don’t make it worse by being strong around me. You could never shame me when we’re alone. Even if you can’t make it, I won’t be ashamed. I couldn’t be any prouder of you, you’ve held for so long and you made it through the whole wedding without any breaks. Please, do what you need to so that you can make it and if you can’t, just know that’s okay too. I love you and nothing will change that”.

Anika leaned forwards and kissed me; directly, on the lips for the first time. It only lasted a few seconds, yet I’m surprised I didn’t veer us off the road; the sensation was incredible. I’d kissed a few girls in Senior Secondary in Delhi, gone further than my parents would have liked with a few girls in Britain; yet nothing compared to this incredible woman’s passionate embrace and I truly could not wait to share a bed with her for the first time tonight; once she had gotten relief.

“I love you too Baru and thank you, so much. Even so, I promise you, I won’t lose control. No matter what. I can make it”.

And so, our long journey began. Anika loosened the strings around her gown, loudly moaning in relief as some tension came away from her stomach; blushing as she did so. She cradled her full bladder, stroking it gently to try and ease the pain and I played Indian-pop music to block out the sound of the rain from her ears. We talked and drove for two hours, as I did my best to distract Anika even as I saw her desperation; now clearly visible, worsening.

Her thighs rubbed together tightly and often as the miles passed, her legs now firmly clamped shut and often shaking, bouncing or occasionally re-twisting around each other into odd positions; that would help Anika find the strength to continue holding on. Eventually; blushing bright red as she did so, her hands found their way between her legs, at first occasionally holding but by the time of the first hour mark, they were regularly grabbing and by the second, firmly placed between her legs; grabbing herself tightly. She moved around on her seat, squirming and fidgeting with each new burst of desperation; reminding me of times I’d been desperate on long car journeys with my parents as a child. I doubt Anika could relate to that, yet she was certainly experiencing that kind of frustration from being unable to stop for a break; yet holding more than you think you can, for long periods of time.

“Oh this hurts so bad” she said; sometime into the second hour. “It hurts so fucking badly. I’d never had to piss so much”.

The vulgarity of her language shocked me; I was so used to her sophisticated speech style, which highlighted just how desperate Anika had become. She was constantly wiggling, shaking; practically vibrating at times and I wondered whether she had hours left that she could hold for; or minutes.

“Anika, how long have you been holding all this now?”.

“Hmm, by this point, I think about… oooh, oh… that hurts. At least 70 hours”.

“H-how Anika? Why didn’t you go before?”.

“The first day and a half, I didn’t even need to, I usually go about once-every two days. The second evening, we were surrounded constantly and I didn’t want to excuse myself publically, so I thought I’d go when we got home but I fell asleep and this morning was so hectic; my sisters literally didn’t leave me alone for a second, constantly helping me to get ready. Each time Samiya got up to use the bathroom while the others kept me from going, I swear I wanted to slap every one of them”.

I burst out laughing, which caused Anika to laugh at how grumpily frustrated she’d become; before she moaned in pain as the laughter caused her to double over.

“Sorry” I said. “Still, how do you hold that much?”.

“I’ve always been able to hold way more than normal. My mum’s the same and she showed me her techniques to last even stronger and every year, I’ve been able to hold more. When I was ten, I could go at least an entire day without relief. By sixteen, I could last almost two-days and for a couple of years now, I’ve usually been able to go two or three full days; sometimes more, if I drink or eat less. But I drank so much and I really wish I hadn’t right now”.

Several more minutes passed and Anika’s desperation worsened rapidly. She was now regularly bouncing up and down, moaning regularly in pain from her mammoth bladder’s unbelievable strain and I knew she was absolutely bursting; her sphincter exhausted, her bladder just too unbearably full: Only her sheer willpower and iron-grip was keeping her in control now, along with her self-belief as she kept saying over and over: “I can make it”, “I can make it, I can make it”.

A few more minutes passed. In just over three-quarters of an hour, we’d arrive. Within the hour, Anika could get the relief she so badly needed. I looked over to her and saw tears in her eyes, her body violently shaking; her chants having stopped. She looked up at me, fear, humiliation and despair in her eyes:

“Baru… I don’t think I can make it”.

I could see the way her body was shuddering, how every part of her body was vibrating with desperation; the unbearably painful kind, on-the-edge, minutes or even seconds away from loss-of-control kind. Anika hadn’t lost control yet but I could see in her face, it was imminent. Her bladder had now swelled to making her stomach look five times larger than normal; she was now genuinely looking like she could be months pregnant, as her shaking stomach overhung her legs and thighs; trembling with its fullness. Her exhausted body was on the verge of breaking, her dam of willpower and bladder control with cracks all the way through it.

“It’s alright baby, you did so well. If you can’t make it, don’t keep yourself in pain my love. Just let it go”.

“Baru, you don’t understand. I’ve never held this much before. If I lose control, I’m going to ruin my dress, the seat, the floor; it will probably spill over onto you and the rest of the car. Baru… I’m going to wet myself and ruin everything. I’ve been a stupid little girl. My mum was right; I’m going to shame myself. I’m so desperate. I’m going to have an accident… it just hurts too much”.

Tears were running down her face and my heart ached, trying to think of some way I could help her. There were no nearby stops at this point and even if there had been, a recent radio broadcast had said the motorways heading South would be closed in fifteen minutes. We’d be off it in twelve at current speed. There was no time to stop. If Anika could just make it for one-more hour, she’d make it. But she didn’t have an hour. I doubted she even had ten minutes. I had to think fast. Suddenly, an idea came to my head.

“Anika, do you trust me?”.

Anika looked towards me, confused; momentarily distracted from her desperation.

“Do you trust me?” I repeated. I needed to hear that before I did what I planned next.

Anika nodded and I explained my idea. Anika practically gasped at my suggestion and blushed deeper, redder and more profusely than I’d even seen anyone do so but; after holding back another intense burst for several seconds, she agreed. I moved my left hand off the steering wheel, sliding it between her legs and pushed tightly. Anika let out the loudest moan I’d ever heard from her, the instant relief clearly visible as tension drained from her shoulders and body. With the pressure of my hand between her legs, she could press herself against it when desperation spiked; while holding her own stomach.

“Oh that’s so much better. Thank you Baru”.

It clearly didn’t stop her desperation, the rest of our journey continued with her squirming against my hand; often grinding it, yet now with her hands free to hold her stomach, she was longer on the absolute verge of wetting herself in the car and this lifted her spirits significantly. Even so, by the time we pulled into the hotel car park, her body was shaking again; though not as viciously, while the hard part came next: I could come back for our bags and just keep the umbrella over us; to shield us from being utterly drenched by the rain, however Anika was going to have to hold on; standing, for a few minutes, without any help. I watched my wife’s expression as I told her this, wondering if she’d be able to handle it. Anika trembled with fear, desperation or perhaps both but took a deep breath and looked at me with renewed confidence in her deep-blue eyes:

“I can make it”.

Stepping out of the car, I rushed around; helping her out, shielding us from the rain with a sturdy two-person umbrella that nevertheless flipped wildly in the stormy weather. Anika untangled her legs and stepped out, making it about five steps from the car before her knees bent forwards and she moaned in pain. I paused and waited as she composed herself, then we walked forwards again. Twenty-steps. Anika froze with frustration, pee dancing on the spot as she had one had slipped under the fabric; pressed inside her hidden underwear. I knew she would normally be mortified to be doing this in front of me, let alone in public but thankfully the storm had driven everyone else inside and we both knew if she didn’t use such visible methods to control herself; she’d be having an accident in seconds.

Finally, after three-or four minutes to cross roughly a one-hundred step distance from our parking space to the main door, we stepped inside and approached the unmanned reception desk. Anika pressed the bell a dozen times in quick succession, clearly not caring or simply unable to wait for them to respond slowly to a single chime. As the clerk approached, Anika tried her best to remain composed; hiding her squirming lower half by pressing herself close to the desk, while remaining as still as possible, though she was still practically bouncing on the spot.

“Hi, we’re the newlyweds, we have a reservation”.

“Ah, Anika and Baru, correct?”.

“That’s us”.

“Well, welcome to the Imperial Lotus, we hope you have a lovely stay. Your room’s on the third floor, room 44. The lift’s over there and we’ll send a concierge around to bring your bags in from the car once the storm passes. Here’s your key”.

“Thank you, have a nice evening”.

Anika practically threw herself into the lift and the moment it was closed, doubled over in pain; holding herself tightly, both hands inside her dress and underwear, holding furiously, moaning loudly. I could glimpse that her red floral panties were still; amazingly, dry. My iron-bladder, insanely strong wife had refused to even let herself leak a single drop but I knew that over the next two minutes, that would either remain the case or she would violently piss through her wedding clothes.

“Baru, I-I… I’m going to lose control... I can’t do it. I can’t do it”.

“You can Anika, just one more minute, we’re here”.

On cue, the lift doors swung open and Anika desperately struggled forwards, as I fumbled about with the key in the lock.

“Baru… I can’t hold it. It’s… it’s going to come out any second!”.

At that exact moment, I pushed open the door and Anika rushed in at light-speed. She practically ripped the bathroom door off its hinges as the automatic lights came on, revealing a sizeable porcelain bathroom. Anika fumbled about with her dress strings for several seconds, her whole body shaking, twisting; dancing desperately in front of the toilet, mere inches from the relief her whole body was screaming for, begging for. Suddenly, Anika froze and began to shake uncontrollably; her hands trembling too much to continue. Her body had locked up and if I didn’t get those clothes off her right now; she would soak them.

Her body was beaten. She couldn’t move another inch but I wasn’t going to let her lose control here. Ripping down the seam, I tore the strings away; her exposed back and shoulders clear to me, only her silky red lingerie bra underneath. Ripping off the rest of her dress in one foul swoop, throwing it outside the bathroom; Anika’s body came back to life, suddenly free, with enough energy to slide her red lingerie panties down to her knees, as she collapsed onto the toilet porcelain. The very instant her body touched down on the seat, I was witness to one of the most spectacular sights I’d ever seen.

Her piss streamed out in a violent gusher, faster and more furiously than I’d ever thought possible, as pee steamed out from between her trembling legs. Her exposed pussy was quivering with relief and Anika screamed in joy, the pressure of more than a dozen drinks and nearly three-full days-worth of holding coming out in a furious stream; drenching the toilet ceramics as Anika’s whole body sagged in contentment. Her immensely bloated stomach shook with the force of release as piss streamed out from her with unbelievable speed.

For three-minutes straight, Anika’s whole body shook with the force and I felt dizzy just watching such immense pressure being released; I couldn’t even comprehend how painful it must have been to hold all that, with the release now being unimaginably relaxing. Her body was vibrating so hard that the panties wrapped around her knees had slid to her ankles and sweat was pouring down her; as the longest piss I’d ever witnessed continued to stream out of Anika, who was lost and oblivious to anything beyond her long-awaited relief.

From her body’s perspective, she’d have felt like she’d lost it just a few seconds before sitting and though she’d not leaked anything, the adrenalin and forced feeling of relief that washes through the body when you lose control; combined with the joy of actually still making it, must be putting Anika on Cloud Nine. I was mesmerised by just how much was still racing out of her, long streams of piss spraying against the toilet and rising up the entire fluid level to three-times as high as normal, yet she was still going. I continued to watch as she let out a series of low-moans, the force of her pissing clearly putting her in both pain from the exhausted muscles all giving way at once; while simultaneously relaxing her battered sphincter, bladder and legs.

Her long, smoothly toned brown legs were trembling with release and her back arched back, her piss still flooding into the toilet as she rubbed her sweaty head in relief; though still peeing, finally feeling human enough again to look up at me, smilingly guiltily; embarrassedly, but with such unburdened joy that I couldn’t help but laugh. This was the most surreal first day of a marriage imaginable but with her, I truly didn’t care, sat as she was with her wedding night lingerie wrapped around her ankles, half covering her partially exposed breasts and her dress torn through and scattered over the floor.

Her body was stunningly beautiful, her tall black-figure; sagged as it was in relief, still beautiful. Her stomach was slowly shrinking down as piss continued to pour out from her for the seventh minute straight, her beautiful, large breasts bouncing lightly as her body continued to shake; though less extremely now, with release. Her long-legs were absolutely gorgeous and her shaved, exposed pussy was now resting still as her long piss; now into its eighth minute, slowly began to subside, first into several bursts and streams, then a few drops racing out and finally, her whole body slumped back as the last of her piss was expelled; leading to Anika moaning loudly with relief as her desperation finally came to an end.

“Holy shit. I’ve never had to go so bad”.

“I don’t think anyone’s ever had to go that bad”.

Anika laughed for several seconds; unrestricted by an unstable bladder, the sound warming my heart.

“I couldn’t have made it without you my love. Thank you so much. If you hadn’t let me do what I needed to, so I could control it… I would have wet myself. I don’t know how to thank you Baru”.

“You don’t need to thank me my love. I’m your husband now. I’ll always protect you and help you, whenever you need. That’s what I’m here for”.

Anika smiled lovingly but over several seconds, her expression slowly changed; evolving into a naughty smile. It was at that moment that it hit me that; for the first time, my wife was in front of me; practically completely naked, which changed moments later as she unhooked her bra, kicking the lingerie off her ankles and flushing the toilet; disposing of the large contents that had previously burdened her bladder. Looking towards me in a way that made me feel weak at the knees, she rested herself against the door; her unbelievably beautiful body on complete display.

“So, Baru” she said, smiling devilishly; stretching herself out before me.

“What do you want to do now?”.

THE END

*002*2020-11-08 16:59

{{14 hours ago, Zedd3 said:

This is an incredible story.

}}

Aww, thank you!

*004*2020-11-08 19:48

{{7 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn that was a amazing story

}}

Thank you so much!

*006*2020-11-09 17:19

{{9 hours ago, Foxlover said:

AHHHHH This was phenomenal

}}

Thank you so much!

