Chapter 29: All great cruises must come to an end

Starting the last day of the cruise mere hours before the ship was supposed to dock, Emma and Billy had met up with Luna and Chloe to go do a very specific activity, they quickly found themselves in a surprisingly haunting situation.

###

Luna, with her heart pounding in her chest, led the way through the ship's desolate hallway, her companions Chloe, Emma, and Billy trailing close behind. The ship was eerily quiet, the only sounds being the ominous creaking of the ship and the flickering of the emergency lights casting long, dancing shadows on the blood-splattered walls.

Halfway through the hallway was a big puddle of blood on the carpet, it must be fresh knowing the carpet hadn't soaked it up yet, the puddle seemingly coming from the room with the door that was slightly open, they couldn't see inside the room.

As they sneaked past the puddle of blood Luna could hear the echo of a visceral growl coming from behind the door... hairs rising on her neck.

Luna signalled for the others to tread lightly as they passed the door.

Being as silent as they could they carried on past the door and arrived at the entrance of the elevator, of course it wasn't working anymore, the doors were half open and they could see a haunting scene of dead bodies laying in a pool of their own blood inside the elevator. They quickly carried on...

Rounding a corner, Luna froze. A man stood a few meters away, swaying slightly, his clothes drenched in blood. As he lifted his gaze to meet theirs, a low growl rumbled in his throat, blood dripping from his mouth and nose. The horrifying result of the drug trial was standing right before them, ready to attack.

Luna raised her gun, her hands shaking slightly. As the man lunged towards them, she pulled the trigger. The gunshot echoed through the hallway, and the man's head exploded, splattering the carpet behind him.

Before his body even hit the ground, the sound of growls and screams coming from a horde filled the air. shivers went through their spines as they bolted away in pure terror, knowing that the undead passengers of the ship would start the hunt for any living souls that remain, which was just the four of them for all they knew....

Billy looked over his shoulder and saw doors flying open with zombies pouring out, hungering for flesh of the living, theirs.

From all directions they could hear footsteps approaching. They hurried through the hallways feeling like hunted deer while zombies were sprinting towards them from seemingly everywhere.

"Through the restaurant!" Emma shouted, her voice echoing through the hallway.

Chloe, despite the situation, joked, "I'm not very hungry right now honestly!"

They kicked the doors open of the restaurant and got greeted by a group of the undead, with a quick glance behind them they confirmed going back was way worse as hordes of dead people were sprinting towards them.

All four of them barged in and started shooting their way through,

"Fuck I wasted too much ammo!" Billy shouted, he took out a baseball bat and started whacking zombies left and right.

Emma jokingly teased her brother, "I told you, you shouldn't be wasting your ammo earlier you doofus!"

They made their way through the restaurant when suddenly a zombie jumped up from behind one of the counters, Chloe put her gun against it's head and pulled the trigger, splattering the wall behind it with blood.

They ran through the kitchen, taking out two undead people wearing a chef's hat. These once were chefs making the food, now they were only interested in satiating their own hunger...

They could see the final stretch, they sprinted and one by one they leaped in to the room with Billy quickly slamming the door shut behind them.

They had made it to a safe spot...

Now they were safe... for now.

Luna's heart was beating fast, what a rush... but they had all made it, survived again as they made their way closer and closer to the ship's bridge. If they could reach it they might be able to steer the ship towards land and find help. At least that's what their mission goal was.

Sure the cruise was to test the possible side effects of a new type of drug, but no one could have predicted the side effects were so much worse than their worst nightmares!

They weren't sure what was going on but suddenly passengers started dying left and right... they thought that was the bad part, but then they started getting back up...

No clue where the guns suddenly came from though?

Luna reloaded her gun and checked how much ammo she had left, she started to calm down, recollecting her thoughts... as the adrenaline came down she could feel how her bladder had filled, she was bursting to pee... with all the adrenaline coursing through her before she hadn't even noticed... it's probably because they're safe now that she started to calm down.

A small shiver went over her back as she gave in to her need, relaxing her bladder on a whim, letting it's contents flow freely in and down her pants. The warm sensation collecting in her crotch and spreading downwards.

She glanced downwards looking at her pants to watch the damage... nothing... even though she could feel her warm pee soaking into her jeans.

"Hehe that's kinda funny," Luna said while midstream, "This VR thing is so immersive I expected I would see my pants getting wet while peeing in them."

But no, she could only see her ingame characters legs, while she could feel her pants getting soaking wet she couldn't actually see it while wearing the VR headset.

Billy, Chloe and Emma all responded simultaneously, "Same!"

They all were laughing their ass off, now that they didn't need to worry at all of wetting their pants they decided to give the VR a proper try on the last day of the cruise. Not needing to take breaks to go to the toilet meant they could now play the entire game!

_______________________

This meant all four of them were wetting their pants in full view for everyone in the VR room, this meant employees and random onlookers were seeing them wetting themselves... Luna and the others knew this very well but simply didn't care, for all they cared they might as well have a whole audience watching them.

Two of the employees overseeing the games and VR section where observing how three girls and a guy had all started blatantly peeing their pants, the girls called Luna and Emma didn't even seem to care enough to part their legs and seemed to be soaking their shoes and socks as well, they didn't seem to be bothered with it at all.

They could hear some letting out sighs when they were done relieving themselves in their pants and without further ado started the next mission of the game.

The employee took his clipboard and took notes while the other employee mentioned,

"In the last couple of days people really stopped giving a damn didn't they?"

"Yep, all day now we've had people not even asking for a toilet or pause or whatsoever, they just go in their pants while playing when they need to pee, no questions asked."

"Did you hear? The lines of the few toilets left on the ship aren't even that long anymore, they're saying alot of people don't even bother anymore and either find a spot to pee on the carpet somewhere, or they simply go in their pants and continue whatever they're doing."

"Yea I heard that as well, a colleague told me about people even ignoring the open toilets in restaurants, they just stay seated at their tables and wet their pants while dining!"

"No way!? Man, people really stopped giving a shit!"

________________________

"We're close!!!!" Luna shouted,

Chloe shouted back while firing her shotgun and absolutely demolishing the head of a zombie in the process, "I can see the entrance to the ship's bridge!"

"Move move move!!" Billy shouted while he was slicing zombies with a katana, which out of all places he had found in one of the Asian restaurants they had looted. He had completely given up on ammo and shooting once he realised slashing zombies is just way more fun!

Emma checked behind her back, she saw a special zombie heading their way... her heart dropped... the normal ones where one thing, but the special ones where a true pain in the ass. Especially this one.

The tutorial had explained what the weaknesses and strengths were of the special zombies and what they were called, Emma wanted to warn her friends but in the heat of things she had forgotten the name of this particular special type of zombie... this is the type that comes close and explodes and does massive toxic damage!

The zombie was a hideous sight, even by zombie standards. It was a woman, overweight and wobbling awkwardly. Her hair was cut in a style that seemed oddly familiar...

"ZOMBIE KAREN INCOMING!" Emma screamed, her voice echoing through the ship.

They all turned around and started firing at the abomination that was about to burst into toxic goo.

Before zombie Karen could reach them she exploded, they further cleared the path and was now clear, they all ran towards the end followed with closing the door behind them.

Moments later, a score screen materialized in front of them, announcing their victory. Cheers of triumph filled the air as they celebrated their win.

A quirky little avatar appeared, tipping its purple top hat in congratulations. They realized it was meant to resemble Dr. Neuhauss, who apparently had a very wicked sense of humor...

________________

Minutes later they found themselves leaving the VR room and discussing the experience.

"I'm telling you! I don't care how brilliant Dr. Neuhauss is," Chloe said while walking with the others out of the VR rooms, "You need to be bat shit crazy to have a zombie VR game made specifically with a level that is an exact replica of the cruise ship we're on right now."

Luna, Billy and Emma agreed while Chloe continued,

"And then having the balls to have the story describe how the test went wrong and the drug turned people into zombies!"

Billy agreed while adding, "I don't know if he's completely bonkers or just a genius, or a bit of both."

"Probably both, but you've got to admit, it was a blast!!" Emma said energetic,

Luna asked wondering, "Weren't you scared? Honestly I didn't think it would be that scary..."

"Nah, I'm fine, it was hella fun." Emma immediately flashed a wide grin.

Billy joked, "At least everytime there was a jumpscare it wasn't a big deal if you wet your pants!"

They all chuckled knowing it was totally true.

Emma promptly boasted with raised head, "Hah! I didn't wet myself during any of the jump scares!!"

Billy retorted, "That's probably because you'd already done it on purpose during the tutorial!"

Emma responded with a laugh, "You bet I did, right in the first minute!"

They all laughed even more hearing this.

Luna swiftly changed the topic, "So have your parents gotten easier on you guys? Like you don't get in trouble when wetting your pants like this?"

Billy responded calm, "Yeah, they've definitely eased up. It's been days since they last complained. And considering how often Emma has been having accidents lately, they've been surprisingly nonchalant about it. I mean, I've even done it a few times out of convenience, like during the VR game earlier."

Emma nodded in agreement, a faint blush coloring her cheeks.

Luna was glad hearing how even Emma and Billy their parents seemed to be okay with them just going in their pants if they felt like it, or at least that's what it looked like.

"Well it wasn't all smooth sailing you know! It's not like they just let us do whatever we wanted." Emma responded.

With that, Emma's gaze turned distant, as she began to reflect on the events of the previous day:

____________________

The previous day: Emma and Billy had excused themselves from their parents, who were enjoying a drink and the stunning view from the ship's top deck. They set off in search of a toilet.

"Any idea where we could find a toilet in the vicinity?" Billy nonchalantly asked while strolling through one of the many hallways of the ship together with his little sister,

Emma shrugged, "No clue. Even if we do find one, there's bound to be a long line at this hour."

Billy sighed, "You're right, but I really need to go." He spotted a large flowerpot in a corner of the hallway. "Wait here, I'll just go behind that flowerpot. No one's around anyway."

Billy didn't care anymore how weird it was to simply start peeing anywhere on the ship, plenty of other people were doing the same thing or worse, so why care? While obscured standing behind the flowerpot he started peeing in the corner straight on the carpet, when midstream he shot a question to Emma standing further behind him, "In what direction should we head for he best chance to find you a toilet you think?"

"Uhm..." Emma answered while seemingly in deep thought. "Well what if we just..."

"What if we take the elevator here and go up to have a look over there? There will probably be a green light toilet with little to no waiting line over there." Billy had interrupted his little sister while he finished peeing, when he was finished he closed the button of his pants and turned around to face Emma who was still standing in the middle of the hallway.

When Billy had turned around he realized he wasn't the only one who decided to skip the toilets, he couldn't help but laugh when he saw Emma.

His sister was standing with her hands behind her back and in a calm demeanour looking down and observing how a wet stain was quickly growing on the front of her shorts, pee streaming down her shorts legs and on the carpet underneath her feet,

"Aaah, I couldn't hold it anymore!" Emma looked up and let out a loud sigh midstream while she sheepishly announced, "It's okay I don't need a toilet anymore."

"Hahaha don't say that while you're still peeing!!" Billy couldn't keep his laugh in seeing his sister who was still in the middle of wetting her shorts in the hallway, "Look at the size of the puddle you're making!"

"I'm almost done!" Emma squealed barely able to hold in her laugh as well,

Her stream finally died down and while Emma's shorts were still dripping with pee they turned around and made their way back to where their parents were, Emma was completely unfazed about her 'accident'.

"I SWEAR it was an accident!" Emma said while trying to hide a grin and doing a weak attempt at sounding serious,

Billy answered smug, "Sure it was."

Not a chance in the world that was an accident and Billy knew it all too well, he still didn't mind that his sister was wetting herself purposefully on occasions, if she wanted to she could always have asked to go and find a toilet but it was clear she sometimes preferred to go in her pants instead.

As they walked, while still unfazed Emma glanced down at her soaked shorts, inspecting the damage. The wet stain on her shorts had a much darker shade of grey. She turned around to show Billy, who confirmed the back was just as wet, if not more so.

"Wow, look at this stain!!" Emma exclaimed, sounding rather impressed, and not at all embarrassed.

Billy replied calmly, "Your back is even worse. The stain is huge!"

Moments later they went around the corner and strolled into a crowded area, apparently there was some sort of event going on and people were gathered around this area.

Emma wasn't at all bothered being seen with her wet shorts and was hopping around full of energy.

It would be clear to anyone that would look at Emma to see she had peed in her shorts, but she clearly didn't mind that thought as they walked through the hallways and past several groups of people while remaining completely unfazed about it.

"Do you think mom and dad will buy it again?" Emma asked suddenly, glancing down at her soaked shorts. "That it was another accident, I mean?"

Billy shrugged, "They're not that naive! But honestly, I don't think it matters. I don't think you'll get in trouble."

Emma wasn't entirely convinced. She was considering playing the 'accident card' if her parents questioned her wet pants, but she was worried she might be overusing it at this point.

"You'll be fine, trust me," Billy reassured her.

A little while later, they rejoined their parents who were still enjoying their drinks on the deck, engaged in a relaxed conversation about their experiences on the ship. They seemed to be in high spirits.

To Emma's surprise, just as Billy had predicted, she didn't get in trouble for returning in clearly wet shorts. In fact, her parents didn't even comment on her wet shorts at all. Emma was relieved she didn't have to use the 'accident' excuse again.

Emma and Billy joined their parents at the table with the beautiful view. As they took their seats, a waiter came to take their order and soon returned with their sundae (icecream) and fresh drinks.

A wave of relief washed over Emma. Yes, she had wet her shorts on purpose again, and obviously, her parents had noticed, but they hadn't said anything about it. Here she was, eating ice cream and sipping a fresh drink while sitting in wet shorts, and she wasn't even in trouble.

"Is it okay if we meet up with Luna and Chloe tomorrow for an activity?" Emma asked while plucking at her still soggy shorts.

"Sure, just be back on time so we can go eat and start packing on time before the ship docks."

"Okay!"

A little while and another drink later Emma could already feel her bladder starting to fill again, it wasn't much but enough that she could pee again... After some consideration she made up her mind. This was the perfect moment, there's a very good chance her parents wouldn't notice anything because her shorts were still soggy anyway.

"I'm glad we managed to do all the activities that we wanted to do on the ship!" Their mother happily announced, followed with the others agreeing.

While the conversation continued on their table Emma willingly started letting out small spurts in her shorts all while mostly obscured by the table they were sitting at.

Soon small spurts were turning into bigger spurts, feeling a fresh wave of wet warmth soaking into her shorts with each one.

"We need to think about doing that theatre show though, even with the annoying toilet situation, I heard it's really good." Their dad announced.

Billy agreed and acknowledged, "Yep, it's fantastic, absolutely worth it!"

Emma was zoning out, her mind wandering, she wanted to let out an even bigger spurt, no wait, she could let out much more because her pants were already wet anyway so there will be barely any evidence!

She swallowed a sip from her drink and licked her lips from anticipation, a moment later she let her bladder relax.

Letting warmth stream into her shorts and relishing the feeling of the wetness spreading underneath her butt, rewetting and further soaking her shorts in secret while sitting on the chair at the table with her family.

"You're right, we never tried the theatre show after all!" Their mom chimed in.

With a quick glance down at her shorts Emma realised she was overdoing it, she could see how her crotch was glistening while a fresh wet stain was spreading across her crotch, turning the color into a much darker grey than the rest of her soggy shorts.

With a shock she realised that the warm sea breeze had dried her shorts more than she had anticipated...

Emma didn't stop her flow... it was too late anyway... the fresh stain was already huge.

She further enjoyed the warm glow while the rest of her pee was soaking into her shorts, some even started dripping off of the chair onto the floor, the dripping sound was lost in the surrounding noises coming from surrounding chatter and sea wind.

If she would stand up now the wet stain on her shorts would look a much darker grey than the rest of her shorts, especially the back of her shorts would give it away what she had done.

She definitely had underestimated how much more wet her shorts would look.

Emma wondered, "Is it even possible to get away with this?"

She didn't expect to get the answer that quickly when suddenly their mother spoke up.

"Alright time to go, I really need to pee actually, anyone else?" Their mom stood up,

Billy answered, "Not yet really, we went earlier remember."

"Same, not really." Emma said barely audible, almost whispering.

"Oh yea I have to as well." Their dad followed up, "Lets also pass by the room so you can change out of those wet shorts." He nodded at Emma who was still sitting at the table, her freshly soaked shorts just barely out of view.

"Uhm, okay." Emma confirmed cautiously while she could hear another drop falling down from her shorts.

It was only now they had acknowledged her wet shorts, while they got up Emma made sure to be the last to get up and went to stand behind her family, hoping her parents wouldn't notice. After all she had just fully rewet her shorts and now while standing, with a quick glance she confirmed her shorts were glistening with wetness, more so then how they had arrived at the table earlier.

Why did she think it wouldn't be obvious? She had gotten too carried away... shit.

While standing behind the rest and out of sight she could still feel drops going down her legs coming from her soaking wet shorts.

They started walking across the deck and towards the inside of the ship, she had made complete peace with other people seeing her in wet shorts, after all even her own parents hadn't said anything earlier...

As they walked off Emma still was unsure if they had noticed that she had continued to wet her shorts while sitting at the table... but it sure as hell was exhilarating. She managed to stay behind and out of sight until they got to their room, she figured by then most of the evidence was gone as the fresh wet stain had faded.

That was close...

___________________________

Back to current day:

While walking with Billy, Luna and Chloe. Emma wondered again if her parents actually had noticed it when she had wet herself the day before at the table, after all they never said anything about it.

Oh well... Emma shrugged, after what happened earlier today it didn't really matter anymore. What had happened the day after was much more daring!

Emma decided to tell Luna and Chloe what had happened earlier today in the souvenir shop:

_____________________________

Earlier that day(before the VR session):

Emma and Billy were bored out of their minds, their parents wanted to go through all the souvenir shops, but that got boring real quick.

The ship had so many cool activities to offer but instead they were looking at all the small overpriced souvenirs that nobody actually cares about (according to Emma and Billy at least).

After this their parents had planned to go watch the theatre play, they had finally succumbed and had reserved seats a second time, this time just for the two of them as Emma and Billy had already seen the play, finally giving in to watching it did mean they had to sit through the entire play without access to toilets... both Emma and Billy were surprised their parents were actually going.

Did this mean they were gonna accept the situation and wet their pants and seats? Emma and Billy had cautiously asked on several occasions but their parents either swiftly changed the topic or gave an incoherent answer, they were being very stingy with answers.

Meanwhile Emma and Billy had texted Luna and Chloe to see if they wanted to do the VR game later, which was something all of them still wanted to do. But for now they were still stuck here at the souvenir shop.

Their dad announced from a bit further away in the shop, "Just a little longer kids, we still want to check out the other shop and then we go to the theatre."

"But first we make a detour finding a toilet because I need to pee." their Mom quickly added. "Oh look at this cute little statue!"

Billy whispered, "I can't believe they're going through these shops so slowly, after two minutes I feel like I've seen everything already."

"I know right... I'm so bored right now." Emma whispered back, "By the way what were you doing there in the back of the shop earlier?"

Emma had noticed how her brother was acting suspicious earlier, Emma had been standing with her mom and dad while talking to the employee at the desk when she had noticed it, she could swear she had heard a faint splattering sound coming from the back of the shop where Billy was standing, they didn't have a line of sight with all the display cases full of trinkets.

"Shhhh!" Billy responded while whispering with an increasingly more mischievous grin on his face "The rules of the ship say you can pee anywhere at anytime, remember?"

Billy whispered even lower, making him sound even more mischievous, "I had to take a leak and was bored so I peed on the carpet in the back of the shop when no one was paying attention."

Emma had a hard time containing her giggling when she heard what Billy had done.

A moment after Emma managed to stop her giggling their parents announced they were finally done with checking out this shop, which meant they now headed out and entered the next even bigger shop... each one had a different theme it seemed.

While they entered the new shop Emma got an idea... mostly out of boredom and this was a great way to pass the time.

Just like her mother she needed to pee, she knew by the time they would find a toilet and had waited in line she would have to pee really bad. So why not relieve some pressure right here in her pants?

Emma felt cheeky in the moment, it was the last day of the cruise which meant she wouldn't have another chance like this after today. After all she had gotten away with wetting her shorts just yesterday, not once but twice!

Although she had a dilemma, on one hand, Emma had promised her parents after the cruise she wouldn't wet her pants under any circumstance, and she was planning on keeping that promise. And ever since she made that promise her parents seemed to go easy on her and let it slide everytime she used the "accident card" when they saw her in peed pants the last couple of days.

On the other hand, she didn't want to over do it, even if they often didn't even mention it anymore when she showed up in wet pants. On top of that, she still wasn't sure if they had noticed it the one time she had rewet her shorts while sitting with them. But just like Billy said, they must know her "accidents" weren't always accidents. Although, until now her parents haven't actually seen her wet herself on purpose.

Emma was overthinking the whole situation.

No, wetting herself fully on purpose in the middle of the shop in full view of her parents was a terrible idea, surely they're going easy on her and her 'accidents' but doing it this blatantly, they would never let it slide.

A small voice had popped up in Emma's head that was arguing, "Okay fully wetting your pants is probably a bad idea in front of your parents... but surely a little bit wouldn't be a problem right? It won't even be visible!"

Emma decided to listen to her intrusive thoughts and moments later while strolling through the shop next to her brother Emma relaxed her bladder until she could feel a trickle escape, creating a wet spot in her panties, such a small one wouldn't do any damage on the outside of her pants, no big deal. But it was exhilarating!

"Where's the harm in doing just a liiiiiitle bit more?!" The voice in her head said,

It felt exhilarating knowing that if she did just a little bit too much it would make a visible wet spot on her jeans while her parents were close. This was tricky, but the chance of being caught made it so much more exciting...

Maybe just one more spurt... a bit more this time... screw it, lets go for a small wet spot. Just tiny enough that they won't notice it.

Emma let her bladder relax again, when she could feel a trickle escape she gave an extra push.

For a brief moment she could feel the warmth before it dissipated and soaked into her panties.

This had definitely done more damage, she could feel the wetness slowly spread and getting absorbed in the fabric.

It was quite a bit more than she had originally planned on, what if it showed a wet spot on her jeans?

Emma immediately checked if there was any evidence, there was a wet spot... but luckily it wasn't too big, barely visible.

That was it, she couldn't do any more than that or else her mom and dad might notice, or could she maybe do more and use the "I leaked" excuse card which she hadn't tried to use before? No, she couldn't do that!

"So bored you're wetting your pants or what?" Billy said when he had noticed his sister checking her pants, accidentally showing off the small wet spot to her brother.

Emma immediately whispered, "Shhhh, It was just a little bit, I don't want mom and dad to notice."

"I don't think they'll care too much honestly," Billy responded down to earth, "They're not completely stupid, like I told you already they know you've been wetting yourself on purpose the last couple of days."

"They won't care? really? You think they'll be fine with it if I do some more?" Emma asked sounding doubtfully,

Billy confirmed, "I'm pretty sure, they barely said anything about your accidents in recent days. Go on, I dare you to make a big wet spot, at least visible!"

A shiver ran down Emma's spine hearing the dare from her brother. For some reason he was certain their parents weren't gonna be mad... honestly she wanted to, the idea was exhilarating... after everything that has transpired over the course of the cruise, just a little bit of wetness really wasn't that big of a deal, right?

Her brother was daring her and it was the last day of the cruise... everything considered... screw it!

On a whim Emma let her bladder relax, her pee was about to come out and knowing if she doesn't stop now there was no way back from this.

A stream was about to come out... with pounding heart she didn't stop it and let it happen.

*psshht*

For a brief moment Emma had let her stream flow freely, the wet stain immediately grew bigger on the crotch of her pants, turning the denim into a darker shade. She had crossed the point of no return... but the familiar feeling of wet warmth mixed with the relief was giving her a rush of adrenaline.

She stopped overthinking it, she relaxed again and let out even more.

*pssshhht*

The wet stain grew even more and glistened for a second while a small streak was going down the inside of her thigh... adrenaline was coursing through her knowing she was now certain to get caught. She had no excuse for what she had done either.

"There you go, now that's a wet spot!" Billy laughed, clearly enjoying himself daring his sister.

With beating heart Emma sheepishly explained, "The relief felt so nice I didn't want to stop..."

"Then don't, you're already this far, just keep going if you want." Billy nonchalantly answered while he shrugged."

A jolt went through Emma as she suddenly noticed their parents had turned around and were walking not very far from them, they had an immediate line of sight to her while she was standing with a big wet stain on her pants. They hadn't looked in her direction yet...

"Oh look at these trinkets! Now I absolutely can't decide what I want anymore!" Their mother squealed at seeing something behind a glass counter not far from them.

Emma sighed a breath of relief... but on the other hand, she had no way out of this, they'll see her wet pants sooner or later... what's even the point in hiding it?

Emma and Billy tried to act naturally like nothing special had happened and carried on browsing the store a bit further away from their parents. As far as Emma was aware, her parents hadn't noticed her predicament yet. Emma's heart was beating like crazy knowing she could get caught at any moment now, while walking she could feel the wet fabric against her skin, which was a reminder of the visible evidence.

While looking at the trinkets in the many cabinets she could see the large wet stain on her pants getting reflected in the mirrors of the cabinets, the stain is huge! Why had she let out so much?? She was so in trouble!

Suddenly their parents started walking towards the register with the stuff they wanted to buy, it wasn't long before they would leave it seemed.

"Hehe, Go on, wet your pants completely and make a puddle on the carpet in the middle of the shop, I dare you." Billy mischievously dared once again,

Emma's heart skipped a beat hearing another dare, the adrenaline was still coursing through her, on top of that her bladder was asking for relief now that she had started.

Their dad suddenly spoke up from the register, "We're almost leaving, you guys coming?"

Emma and Billy walked back to the register where their parents were standing, like typical boring adults they were still talking to the shopkeeper while still giving no sign of leaving. They still hadn't noticed the wet evidence on Emma's pants yet.

Her heart was beating like crazy while her parents were standing right in front of her at the register.

"Screw it." Emma thought as she decided to throw away all caution and enjoy the full experience, a shiver ran over her spine as she fully relaxed her bladder.

Almost immediately she could hear the faint hissing start.

*pssssshh....*

The sensation of warm wetness was spreading everywhere, causing a warm glow in her crotch while standing in the middle of the shop.

She could feel the warm liquid already soaking well past her knees while she could feel the wetness spreading all the way to her butt.

Her parents heard the sound and turned around, now looking at their daughter who was standing in the middle of the shop wetting her pants, her pants had gotten shiny from top to bottom with pee cascading down her legs.

Fully committed she kept going... *psssssssssssshh...*

Emma felt like her heart was gonna beat out of her chest while she continued peeing, even though both her mom and dad were looking straight at her while her pants were getting more and more saturated and shiny with each passing second, the warm sensation was going all the way down and into her shoes by now, glancing down she could see the puddle that was forming around her feet...

Moments later Emma's stream subsided, having fully relieved herself in her pants like this was giving her another massive adrenaline rush paired with getting flustered.

Her face was turning red while she could feel her cheeks heating up...a shiver of embarrassment ran over her spine knowing what she had just done in full view in front of her parents. And she had no excuse...

Only thing she could do now was wait for the impending consequences of her action.

Now that she was done and came down from her rush while standing in the puddle she had made she felt like there was no chance her parents were gonna let this one slide.

Her dad turned around to the shopkeeper and immediately offered his apologies, "I'm so sorry about..."

The shopkeeper immediately waved it away, "Oh it's nothing really, it's not a big deal."

Her mother looked at her with a stern look while placing her hands on her hips, "Did you just wet your pants on purpose in the middle of the store?"

Yep, she absolutely was in trouble, of course she was, but Emma couldn't yet figure out how deeply in trouble she actually was.

There was also no way she was gonna be able to brush this off as an accident, or at least give some sort of an excuse to soften the blow.

Emma nodded and sheepishly muttered, "S-sorry, I needed to pee a-and didn't feel like waiting any longer."

That was it, no excuse, she didn't have any, there was nothing she could do anymore but just wait and see how this plays out.

"But why didn't you just ask?" Her mom asked sounding confused,

Her dad suddenly glanced at his watch, "Honey oh no, look at the time, we're late for the show!!"

"Wait really? it's already that late? And we still need to find a toilet, I'm bursting to pee!" The stern look faded away on her moms face as she answered. "Ugh, maybe I'll just have to find a secluded spot."

Their dad followed up, "That's good, at least Emma doesn't need to anymore."

Emma sheepishly nodded while they made their way outside, she wasn't sure if her dad was angry or just mocking her for fun. Who was she kidding, ofcourse he was angry...

Moments later they all had exited the shop and were now standing outside in central park,

"We're never gonna make it in time if we need to make a detour to find a damn toilet!" Emma's dad said worried while looking at his smartphone,

Billy nonchalantly proposed, "Why not just go straight to the theatre? If you hurry up now you can still get some drinks and snacks before you enter."

They all stood still for a moment, Emma still waiting for some sort of scolding she was expecting, surprised it hadn't happened yet.

Her mom and dad were looking at Billy, a moment later they changed their gaze to Emma and her soaking wet pants. While feeling their gaze Emma felt uncomfortable.

Now their mom and dad looked at each other,

"Is it okay if we skip? Just this once?" Their dad asked,

Their mom was thinking for a couple seconds before making up her mind and answered, "I can't believe I'm thinking about doing that, but I guess it's not that big of a deal... r-right?" Did Emma just hear a little stutter?

Their mom suddenly followed up, "...just this once though!"

Emma couldn't compute what was happening, a couple of seconds later her mom let out a barely audible sigh... and right in front of her eyes she could see how a wet spot was appearing on her mothers crotch of her beige pants... a moment later her shoulders dropped, staring straight ahead of her with a dreamy look on her face.

A single thought flashed through Emma's mind, "No way, this isn't happening."

Her mom let out another small sigh and moments later the wet spot started spreading on her stylish beige pants, Emma couldn't believe what she was seeing. In total shock she watched as her mother changed her stance and spread her feet,

*pssssssssssshhhhh*

Streaks of pee were going down her pants followed with the wet stain spreading across her crotch, she didn't give any signs of stopping and continued, blatantly using her pants as a toilet.

"Oooh... Oh god I needed to pee so bad!"

She was saying it while she was still midstream, the pee stain was rapidly spreading all over her pants while a puddle was quickly forming at her feet, surely by now her shoes and socks had gotten wet as well.

"Look it's going all the way to the back!" Her mom turned around as she said it, showing of an expanding wet spot on her butt while she was still peeing. "I'm almost done!"

Still flabbergasted at the scene in front of her, Emma couldn't take her eyes off, the hissing sound finally subsided and Emma could see how pee was still dripping from her mothers shiny pants legs in the puddle she was standing in.

Emma stood with her mouth agape from seeing her mother completely soak her pants just now.

"Pfew, that feels much better." Their mom said while trying to sound casually,

"Alright we really gotta go, have fun with the VR game! See you later in our room to pack your stuff and don't be late!" Their dad said,

Their mom now waved as they turned around and started walking away, "Lets meet in our room after the show, and then we'll go and have dinner, have fun you two!"

Still baffled and speechless Emma walked next to Billy as they made their way towards their room before they head to the VR.

"See? Told you you weren't gonna get in trouble." Billy said while grinning.

Emma was almost speechless, she frantically asked "what the hell just happened?! Did that really just happen?!"

"Hahaha, honestly I wasn't expecting this either, but on another topic, I don't think you need to hide doing it on purpose anymore for the little time that remains on the cruise."

Emma tried to process exactly what had just happened, she reminded herself how her parents behaved when they had arrived on the cruise for the very first day, including the train ride. At first wetting was completely out of the question. But now...

What a contrast!

______________________

Luna and Chloe were laughing at Emma's little story, they couldn't believe Emma's mother had wet herself in full view!

"Also that was quite daring of you in the souvenir shop!" Chloe added,

"Hehe, I guess so!" Emma grinned happily.

"Can't believe the cruise is almost over..." Luna mentioned, her voice tinged with a hint of sadness.

Billy nodded in agreement, "It's hard to believe, isn't it? Feels like we just boarded the ship yesterday."

"I'm gonna miss this freedom, even if it's weird and considered abnormal!" Emma added, "It was nice to have an extra option whenever you felt you needed to pee."

They all laughed over Emma's blunt admission, although knowing it was true. They all shared a moment of silence, each lost in their own thoughts and memories of the cruise.

"Well," Chloe finally broke the silence, "It was a blast getting to know you two, have a safe trip home!"

In a good mood they all said their goodbyes to each other, as they went their separate ways.

After saying their goodbyes with Luna and Chloe, Emma and Billy met up again with their parents in their room, for the first time they now saw their dad in wet shorts as well. Apparently they had loved the play and decided to stay for it's entirety!

They continued talking about the theatre while getting ready, naming their favorite parts of the play and boasting about it's quality.

Neither mentioned anything about having wet their pants. During the time they spend in the room with their parents, Emma felt validated knowing even her parents had voluntarily participated in a cruise activity that meant wetting their pants.

When they were all dressed up they got ready to head out, Emma was wearing one of her last dry clothes she still had, her favorite pants from Superdry, they were soft, comfortable and snugly. This would be the last activity before the end of the cruise and probably the last time she could get away with wetting her pants... A shiver ran over Emma's back when she started contemplating not saying anything about her bladder that was filling up... and just letting it flow when they were sitting at the table, eating their meal.

Considering what had happened earlier today... it should be fine. Emma made up her mind and decided to not say anything about her need to pee.

They went on their way to have the last diner on the ship, Emma almost forgot but they passed by the toilet right before the restaurant.

"Anyone needs to pee? Now would be a good time to go." Her mom said as they passed by the entrance of the toilets,

Emma didn't really know what to say, yes she needed to pee and there's no way she was gonna make it through the entire meal."Uhm.... I do have to pee pretty bad."

Dammit... it was the last day... honestly she wanted to enjoy her freedom just a little bit longer... she scraped her courage together and.... "B-but...L-Look how long that line is..."

Emma barely finished her sentence or her mother already replied.

"Okay, I get it if you don't want to wait in line, it's fine if you want to go in your pants." Her mom whispered with a wink, followed with a little grin on her face, Even after everything that happened today Emma was shocked hearing these words coming out of her moms mouth, and in a reassuring way even!

Emma replied sheepishly, "U-uhm, I'm okay then, I don't need the toilet right now."

And just like that they made their way to the restaurant, flabbergasted Emma followed the others, this whole situation seemed unreal.

Goosebumps went through Emma as they walked further and into the restaurant... she couldn't believe she had basically gotten permission.

She was looking forward to it. There was no more fear for getting caught, also no shame for being seen by other people.

They got in line to get their food from the buffet, like usual it was crowded with people everywhere and there was quite a bit of a waiting line at the buffet. Emma really needed to pee by now and wanted them to hurry up so they could get food and go to their table, when she would sit down she would do 'it' and let it all flow in her soft and comfy pants and on the chair, the anticipation was killing her.

The thought of it made it harder to hold, it felt as if she was standing in front of a toilet which made it so much harder to hold. Damn, why was her body making it so hard to hold right now, because of the cruise she had gotten used to giving in to her needs and...

...Wait...

Why was she even holding anyway? Why not just... give in, right here.

...

*pssssssssshhhhhhhhhhhhh....*

Without any worry or shame she gave in to her need and let her bladder fully relax, not intending to stop until her bladder was empty.

She could hear the hissing sound from her stream going in her panties and comfy pants, she didn't care if her parents could hear it, or other people for that matter.

A familiar warm glow spread in her crotch. A big wet stain must be spreading all over her crotch and down her legs... she didn't even look. With her eyes closed she savoured the release.

Emma was in pure bliss, the combination of ecstatic relief and feeling her pee spread and soak into her pants felt amazing.

Without any worry she was letting her bladder finish completely. Wet warmth was creeping in her shoes, soaking her socks as well.

When her stream finally subsided and she had pushed a last spurt into her pants she finally opened her eyes and looked down.

The glistening evidence showed on her soaking wet pants, all the way to the bottom. A big puddle had formed at her feet... she had gotten completely lost in the moment.

Damn that felt good!

She really did needed to pee... her comfy pants and shoes were completely soaked, she hadn't held back at all and she could feel how her pee had crept up to her butt as well, her behind must be soaking wet.

"Uhm... hello, Emma? Earth to Emma!" Her father suddenly asked. "Are you done?"

Emma snapped back out of it, looked up in surprise and saw her father, mother and brother looking at her, she immediately got flustered, "Huh, what?"

"We were talking about what each of us will pick to eat, what are you gonna pick?" Her father replied while the others where chuckling,

Emma was blushing heavily, she had zoned out and hadn't even heard the earlier question while she stood here peeing her pants in the middle of the buffet.

"I'm gonna take a steak with fries." Emma answered sheepishly,

Just like that the conversation between her family continued and the line moved on. Emma loved how she could still feel the warm and wet fabric caressing her skin while she followed the others, no one had even mentioned anything about her pee break in her pants, right here in the waiting line for the buffet.

They all got their food and went and took a seat at a free table.

During their meal the conversation started about the train ride home, and the fact that the toilets should now be open on the ride home.

Emma knew this was the end of her newfound habit, and the freedom that went with it.

That was okay though, it needed to come to an end after all.

But it was hella fun for as long as it lasted!

"Emma do you still have fresh dry clothes for on the train?" Her dad asked in between bites of his grilled chicken.

Emma acknowledged while still having fries in her mouth, "Yep, my soft and comfy jeans."

"Ok, so no more accidents until we get on the train okay?" Her mom said casually,

"Yea yea I know! I promised I wouldn't wet my pants after the cruise ended remember? ...wait," Emma realised she must've misheard something, "What do you mean 'until' we get on the train?"

"Oh, nothing? We assumed you might have an 'accident' on the train ride home." Her mom answered straightforward, using the word 'accident' clearly ironically.

Their dad followed up, "Also I think if I remember correctly there aren't really all that many toilets on that train for that many people, knowing that drug will probably still have an effect by then, yea I wouldn't be surprised if there are waiting lines. And we know how Emma is with waiting lines for toilets...."

"I guess it's not too far fetched that Emma might have an accident." Billy reasoned while playing along,

"hhm, wouldn't be surprised." Their dad confirmed, "Emma, if you wet your pants on the train ride home, do realise that means you'll have to stay in wet pants until we get home!"

Emma was flabbergasted, she had already accepted this would've been the last time she would wet herself so this came as a complete surprise.

"Wait, so it's not a big deal if I have an accident on the train ride home?" Emma remarked, not believing the conversation she was in right now.

Now her mother followed up, "Well of course not, technically the train ride home is still a part of the trip! But you'll have to walk through the station in wet pants meaning people will be able to tell you wet yourself!"

"But! When we get back home no more 'accidents' young lady, back to normal it is! And that also means getting up at night if you need to pee!" Her dad said stern while Billy laughed.

"Same goes for you young man!" Their mother said while giving a flick on Billy's head.

"awch!"

Well it was a given that he was gonna get a remark at some point, most of the bed wetting 'accidents' came from Emma, but not all.

_________

A couple of days ago they were laying in bed and whispering to each other in the middle of the night about what activities to do the next day. The room was completely dark and silent aside from their whispers and the occasional rustling of bedsheets.

"I feel like we need to go more to the swimming pool." Billy whispered,

Emma whispered back, "Agree, lets do swimming pool tomorrow, I want to do the slides as well."

A moment later Emma followed up with, "And I need to pee again."

"Haha, yea me too, this drug man... you did drink a whole bottle of water in a short time though to be fair." Billy remarked,

"I can't help it if I'm thirsty as hell. Well the swimming pool tomorrow will be perfect though, I can drink as much as I want and when I have to pee..." Emma whispered, and continued after a short pause,

"...I can just relax and let go..."

Suddenly Billy heard something, a very faint hissing sound coming from Emma's bed.

"pssssss...."

"Oh god Emma, don't tell me you're peeing?"

The faint hissing continued while Emma answered in a dreamy voice, "...I told you I needed to pee."

Billy had to laugh so hard he pushed his face into his covers to not wake up their parents. While trying to regain his composure he could still hear the hissing... he finally stopped laughing at the same time Emma's stream subsided and the hissing sound died out, followed by her unapologetically letting out a long sigh.

Emma jokingly remarked, with maximum sarcasm, "It's ok, it was an accident, it happens."

Billy smashed his face back into his covers trying not too laugh too hard, after regaining his composure and still chuckling he said, "I was just about to ask who of us is gonna go to the toilet first?"

"It's ok, you can go first because I don't need to anymore." Emma whispered back, trying to hold back her giggling.

They both laughed even harder, struggling to keep their voice down so their parents wouldn't wake up.

When they finally stopped their giggling Emma asked dead seriously, "Why would you get up and go to the toilet? Why don't you just go in bed?"

Billy was flabbergasted, what a weird thing to ask? Of course he wouldn't go in... that's crazy... because... because...

Social norms aside... Billy had a hard time to find a good reason to get up and go to the toilet...

"Ah, doesn't it feel weird or annoying?" Billy finally asked,

Emma sheepishly replied, "Not at all, it feels nice and warm, for some reason these types of bed seem to warm up slightly when they get wet. I think it's a side effect of the quick drying process, you should try it."

Billy didn't have a counter reply, Emma had been wetting her bed every night for the last couple of days and their parents hadn't really made a big deal out of it yet. It's the first time he was awake and noticed it when she did, and blatantly apparently.

Over time he had started to wonder how it felt... even though he didn't like to admit it... but actually noticing his sister doing it so blatantly was increasing his curiosity tenfold. His heartbeat started to increase thinking about how it would feel to do it.

"You can't go on this cruise with these beds and not wet them at least once..." Emma whispered and added nonchalantly, "Go on, have an 'accident'" and ended with a chuckle.

Hearing the invite like that made his curiosity flow over... his heartbeat was going crazy by now.

"An accident on this cruise is really no big deal, the beds are literally designed for these type of situations." Emma further reassured her brother.

Just like his little sister he accepted this weird freedom for the first time in his life. With thumping heart Billy started relaxing his bladder while laying comfortably in bed.

It took some time to overcome his life long habit... it was a lot harder than he had imagined, his sister seemed to be doing it so easily?After pushing a little the first spurt went into his pants, and another bigger one quickly followed.

Now that he had started it suddenly became a lot easier. With a sigh and a shiver going through him he relaxed completely, the feeling of relief washed over him, in a place he never thought where this would happen... in bed.

A warm sensation was spreading in his pyjama.

"Nice and warm isn't it?" Emma asked whispering.

"uh-hum."

Warmth was further spreading around in bed, completely soaking his pyjama, it felt alot better than he had ever anticipated.

"Why is it so comfortable and relaxing to just let go while laying in bed?"

"Why was this considered a bad thing again?"

Without giving it any more thought he let his bladder empty completely in his pyjama and bed, enjoying the warmth spreading further in bed. And just like Emma he ended with a sigh.

He could only agree, it now all made sense why Emma had been wetting her bed all this time.

"It's ok, accidents happen." Emma chuckled.

With a grin on his face Billy couldn't believe he had done something as taboo as wetting his bed, on purpose!

The sheets were soaked as well as his pyjama, but at the same time it felt amazing. He had already made up his mind that he was gonna continue doing this for the rest of the cruise.

"Oh god, how am I gonna explain this in the morning though...?" Billy remarked sounding a tad worried,

"No worries, I'll say that you woke up in the middle of the night after having had an accident." Emma whispered reassuringly, "You've helped me so often already so now I'll have your back this time."

"Thanks, that's sweet sis."

Shortly after they both fell asleep. Later that night Emma woke up needing to pee again. It was becoming so much of a habit she barely had even woken up or she already relaxed her bladder, rewetting her bed.

And for the first time Billy did the same when he also woke up needing to pee.

But to both Emma and Billy's surprise, the next morning and the ones after that, their parents barely even mentioned anything of it when they found out that now both their children were having bed wetting 'accidents'.

Another night meant another morning with two sets of wet pyjamas, which wasn't a problem as they would come back cleanly washed and dry the next day. The bed sheets dried and cleaned itself so that wasn't an issue either.

The only thing they asked was: "You have to stop bedwetting once the cruise ends and we get back home, is that understood you two?"

They both promised that wouldn't be a problem...

and that was that.

With each night it became more and more normal, what was weird at first became a ritual, a habit. Emma nor Billy didn't think twice when they woke up in the middle of the night needing to pee, while laying comfy and snugly in their bed they relaxed and let the feeling of sweet relief wash over them, enjoying the warm sensation that came with it.

Sometimes they would be whispering with each other during the night, while in the middle of the conversation one would announce they needed to pee, however instead of getting up out of bed they simply carried on with their conversation.

Moments later a faint hissing sound would be heard followed with Emma jokingly whispering: "Oops, I'm having an accident."

Other times Emma would ask Billy if he still needed to pee minutes after he had announced he needed to.

Billy would answer nonchalantly, "Not anymore."

These were always followed with chuckling from both, this was their little routine that went on each night between the two siblings.

On the last night on the cruise their parents had gone out for a drink in one of the bars with another couple they had met and became friends with.

Billy and Emma were tired from swimming in the pool earlier today, so they were alone in the room and had already gone to bed.

The lights were still on when Billy was already under the covers while playing a game on his phone, when Emma entered the room wearing a blue shirt with a matching blue pyjama shorts.

Emma walked towards her bed but stopped in the middle of the room and turned back around and started walking back to the door, again to stop and turn around while she was clearly in deep thought.

Billy was drinking from a big bottle of water that was standing next to his bed, he stopped and looked at Emma, "What's up with you?"

Emma walked back towards her bed but halfway she stopped again. "I need to pee so I was gonna turn around to go to the toilet... but then I realised I feel perfectly comfortable doing it in bed... but that's just too silly to get in bed and immediately... you know."

"Hahaha!" Billy couldn't keep in his laughter seeing his sister contemplating over such an odd decision. "It's up to you though, It's the last night on the ship so starting tomorrow it will be easier to make a decision, because the bed won't be an option anymore."

"Oh... oh right..." For a brief moment Emma had forgotten this was the last night for their newfound 'habit'.

Now having made up her mind Emma crawled in bed on got on her knees and pushed the cover away.

Emma blatantly spread her knees apart in the middle of the bed and let out a loud sigh, Billy noticed what could only be... "Emma, are you seriously gonna..."

Billy couldn't finish his sentence or a wet spot already appeared on Emma's crotch and quickly started spreading out. The hissing noise followed with a trickle that came down from her shorts leg onto the mattress, which quickly turned into a full stream. Billy could see how the mattress was getting soaked while Emma was without any hesitation relieving herself in her pyjama shorts while letting her pee stream in bed.

Mid stream Emma let out a small chuckle with a mischievous grin, "It's fine, I was gonna wet the bed later anyway!"

Billy facepalmed but couldn't stop laughing,

When her stream subsided Emma pushed out a last spurt and with pee still dripping from her shorts she grabbed the cover and dropped herself down in bed, tugging herself in and letting out a sigh. "I made my bed nice and warm!"

It really showed how comfortable Emma was with their new nightly routine, but they knew this was gonna be their last night on the ship so Billy understood Emma's stunt. He grabbed the bottle of water again and went for another couple of sips, he knew it wasn't gonna be long before he would wet his own bed.

Billy put away his phone and turned off the lights, got all nice and comfy in bed while he waited to fall asleep.

He didn't need to pee badly yet but while laying in bed still half awake he realised if he fell asleep now he would probably wake up soon needing to pee...

Ah what the hell why would he wait until he would wake up again? Without overthinking it any further he let his bladder relax and welcomed the warm sensation that followed.

____________________________

Emma and her family had disembarked the cruise ship that had arrived in the port a couple hours earlier.

They had made their way to the station where their train was waiting for them.

They quickly found their seats and tucked away their luggage, after the train had left the station and was going for a while Billy announced to go and check out the shop for snacks and drinks, which Emma found a fantastic idea and followed.

They left their parents at their seats and made their way through the ship and into the shop area, while walking through the ship Emma noticed her dad hadn't been wrong, there were already 3 people waiting in line for the first toilet they passed, nothing too crazy like on the ship though.

This reminded Emma that she was gonna have to go and stand in line for the toilet on time!

_________

In the last week or so it had become a habit of hers to not pay much attention to her need to pee, often waiting until the last moment to go and look for a toilet.

Ofcourse this often resulted in 'accidents', but as nobody really gave it much attention she just kept doing it.

In the last couple of days her habit developed even further when their parent's weren't around. Sometimes she would mention her need and she and Billy would go and stand in line for the toilet.

But whenever she didn't feel like or simply chose to skip the toilet altogether she wouldn't even mention her need to pee to Billy. She would continue with whatever activity they were doing and blatantly let go and pee in whatever she was wearing at the time. Billy didn't really question it anymore.

Once they were in the middle of a really fun game at the arcade when Emma mentioned she needed the toilet, they weren't close to finishing the game yet though... funnily enough her brother simply asked if it's ok if she would simply go in her pants so they could continue playing...

"Is it okay if we stay longer and you just go in your pants instead?" Billy asked curiously,

"Haha sure, we can stay!" Emma responded joyfully, "Alright next round!" while she said it she gladly started relaxing her bladder.

And when she was wearing a skirt or dress she didn't bother at all even thinking of a toilet, one day she had even lost count of how many times she had rewet her panties while wearing her favorite dress.

________

After Emma reflected on the last couple of days, she came to a conclusion.

It had become such a habit of barely paying any attention to when she needed to pee, she got so used to just continue doing what she was doing and ending up having an 'accident'.

because Emma already felt like she needed to pee, she needed to make sure she would go and stand in line in time to avoid any accidents, real one this time.

Even while knowing this she still felt like it was too soon to go and stand in line, besides, she really wanted to check out the snacks first!

To both their surprise in the next wagon right outside the door they caught a guy standing in the corner, peeing on the carpet...

Both Emma and Billy couldn't help letting out a chuckle. "Right, I still have another option next to the toilets if the waiting lines are too long." Billy said relaxed while chuckling,

While walking through the rest of the wagons Emma was overthinking the situation a little bit, Emma concluded:

- "I don't have any extra back up clothes, my entire luggage is filled with still soggy pants, skirts, shorts,..."

- "No more 'safety net'", on the cruise it didn't matter if she went in her pants. There were always fresh clothes at hand in their room and nobody batted an eye when she wet her pants, so evidently over time she stopped being ashamed of doing it and just... did it, sometimes she would just relax her bladder and let it happen in full view of strangers. Even some grown ups were doing it so hey, it wasn't a big deal if people saw! At least, the ones on the ship.

- "Once the train would arrive on it's destination, it means I'll be walking through the station with wet pants where people are gonna see me in peed pants." Emma couldn't help but feel a sting of embarrassment just thinking about it.

- "Wetting my pants is absolutely out of the question..." Emma thought, still a bit disappointed about having to stop her new habit.

- "I need to make sure I get in the waiting line for the toilet on time!"

They arrived in the shop, immediately the smell of grilled cheese and other delicious foods entered their noses, immediately making Emma and Billy longing for one.

After picking the snacks that they wanted they both ordered a hot grilled sandwich.

While waiting for the grilled sandwiches to be ready they went and stood at one of the tables for a bit.

"I need to pee though, when we go back I might go and find a corner like that guy did, you can wait in line for the toilet in the meantime if you also have to go." Billy explained the options, as if simply relieving yourself on the carpet in the train wasn't out of place.

Emma answered while fidgeting a little, "I also need to pee, but it's not too bad yet."

"As in you don't need the toilet yet? Or more like you don't need the toilet at all cuz you're just gonna go in your pants?" Billy said with a chuckle, Emma wasn't sure if he was joking or not.

"Weren't you surprised when mom said I'm basically allowed to wet myself?" Emma sheepishly asked, "Do you think she was serious?"

Billy was thinking for a couple of seconds before he gave an answer, "She was serious, but honestly I wasn't expecting that, but hey! It's one less thing to worry about though!" Billy remarked,

Emma wasn't completely following, "Huh? How so?"

"Well if you don't make it in time or simply don't feel like going to the toilet? Fuck it, just let go in your pants!" Billy shrugged nonchalantly, "No reason to worry about accidents!"

"I can't wet my pants right now!" Emma shot back shocked, "If I do it, people will see me in wet pissy jeans at the station!"

Billy shrugged again, "So? Why would you care? It will be in the middle of the night anyway so it won't be as crowded as usual."

"Besides that," Billy continued, "I've seen you blatantly pee in your pants in full view the last couple of days on the cruise, I can't even count how many people have seen you do it by now."

"Yes I know, but on the ship it was different!" Emma argued back, not understanding why her brother was so nonchalant about this,

"Look our grilled sandwich is ready!" Billy said joyful.

Moments later they happily munched on their food in silence standing at their table, meanwhile Emma was overthinking the situation,

Billy believed she could still wet her pants if she wanted to, and it's true that her parents had basically given her permission... but still.

The train ride would still last about 4 more hours, but knowing these jeans she was wearing she knew they were really soft and remained comfortably even when they're wet, so that's not a problem in case if she would wet them...

Knowing they weren't on the ship without a safety net made the idea of skipping the toilet much more exhilarating, but once off the train they would be back in their regular town, it's not normal at all to walk around in wet pants... people would definitely stare she imagined.

On top of that they would have to walk all the way through and out of the station to the parking lot where they had parked their car.

Emma got goosebumps thinking about it... no, wetting her pants was completely out of the question!

Man, this grilled sandwich is delicious...

With each bite of her sandwich, Emma's need to pee was rapidly increasing, probably because she was thinking about it while talking with Billy about wetting....

Emma was fidgeting a little, knowing she would still need to go and stand in line... hopefully, the line didn't get longer while they were gone... She hated the feeling of holding for too long, so why hadn't she gone earlier?!?!

Oh yes, she had simply forgotten about that uncomfortable feeling because during most of the cruise, she hadn't held long enough to ever feel uncomfortable; she would always let go before that happened.

She hated it but was certain she could hold, even though it was really starting to feel uncomfortable.

Billy managed to catch a drop of melted cheese with his mouth before it fell from his sandwich. Right then, he noticed Emma was fidgeting even more; she was clearly desperate. Still with a piece of sandwich in his mouth, he mumbled, "Jusht...releashe...shome presshure, sis."

"Huh? What?"

Billy swallowed, crumbs dropping from his mouth, "Just release some pressure, the train ride is still 4 hours. Even if you wet your pants a little bit now, they'll be dry by the time we get off."

Emma had a revelation... why hadn't she thought about that? It's completely true what Billy just said...

Emma swallowed a mouthful of grilled cheese, "You actually got a point there."

Why had she been overthinking it so much when she had missed the obvious? Why would a bit of wetness matter anyway? On a whim, she relaxed and let a spurt go in her panties, feeling the pee soak into the fabric, reminding herself that a wet spot really wasn't a big deal... While chewing on her sandwich, she relaxed and let out another, bigger spurt. The sensation felt even better, but she was yearning to relieve more...

Billy added, "Let's face it, it's not a big deal if you do a couple of spurts, or more if you want."

"Already did, It felt nice to let some out," Emma said between bites while still fidgeting, trying to further hold her pee. It felt nice, but two spurts basically did nothing to lessen the pressure on her bladder.

Billy leaned to the side and lowered his gaze a bit to get a better view of Emma's pants.

Emma already knew what Billy was going to say, and deep inside, she agreed with him.

While he had his mouth still stuffed with sandwich, "Mmmph, I cahn't ehm seeh a weht spoh?"

"What?"

Billy swallowed another mouthful of sandwich, "Why are you holding back so much? I can't even see a wet spot." Billy shrugged and questioned, "I'm serious, you can let out a lot more if you want."

Emma knew there was no way back if she let out too much; she was going to wear these jeans until they got home... This was more than risky to say the least... But it would feel so good to let out some more.

"Just relieve some pressure and don't worry about it if your pants get wet." Billy added nonchalantly while taking another bite.

Shit, Billy is right, why was she being so cautious? A wet stain on her jeans isn't a big deal.

Emma made up her mind.

She shifted her focus away from eating her sandwich and paused, allowing her aching bladder to relax again.

A spurt escaped, giving her a sliver of relief. It wasn't nearly enough, and she wanted more... With a pounding heart, she let another, larger spurt go, the warmth spreading, thrilling her with the taboo of it.

Shivers went over her spine feeling the sensation of relief as she let another spurt into her pants, inviting the warmth and letting it spread in her crotch. Her gaze moved down, observing how the wet stain was already spreading all over her crotch.

This was probably the moment she should stop...

But her bladder was aching to relieve more pressure.

The overwhelming feeling of relief pushed out all other thoughts; she embraced it and relaxed even more...

Another spurt, bigger than the last, made her crotch glisten from wetness, watching the wet stain spread further down her legs... Emma knew she was overdoing it... But why stop already? It felt so good...

It felt like a natural thing to do right now... so why wouldn't she let out some more?

Billy noticed how his sister had paused eating her sandwich and was looking down at her pants for several seconds.

He leaned to the side again and downwards to get a better view, confirming what he already knew.

There was a massive wet stain spreading on Emma's pants, which was already halfway down her thighs, her crotch still glistening from wetness, which only meant she was still going...

"See, that's what I'm talking about! Don't worry and let out as much as you want!" Billy nonchalantly mentioned, completely unfazed that his sister was wetting her pants in the middle of the shop.

Emma answered with a dreamy voice, "Agree, just a little bit more..." She was well aware she was already well beyond what would be able to dry... still, she didn't stop her stream and further enjoyed the warm glow she could feel seeping into her jeans, relishing the relief coursing through her. She felt calm even though she could feel the wet warmth going down her thighs... the wet stain was about to reach her knees.

"Haha, you're still peeing, you don't have to stop if you want to keep going." Billy added calmly while taking another bite from his food.

Just when Billy said that, Emma let one more large spurt escape, feeling the relief wash over her, the stain now clearly visible, reaching her knees, before she finally stopped her stream and came back down to reality.

She didn't have to inspect the damage to know; Emma already knew... she had peed for several seconds before stopping her stream, to be fair, the pressure on her bladder was a lot less by now... On the other hand, there was no chance this was going to be dry by the time they got off the train, even if it dried somehow, it would still show a very visible stain at the very least.

Knowing this... Emma felt surprisingly calm about it.

Now that some of the pressure had gone off her bladder, Emma could focus on her delicious sandwich again, without further ado she took another bite and while chewing, calmly inspected the damage on her jeans. The wet stain was huge and went all the way to her knees, turning the denim into a much darker blue. She turned around, and Billy confirmed that her back was also visibly wet.

Emma swallowed and blurted out, "Damn you were right though, it feels really nice to let off some pressure!"

"I figured it must've felt good when I saw you just kept going." Billy said before stuffing his last piece of sandwich in his mouth.

"Are you almost done with your sandwich? I really need to pee as well by now." Billy asked, he had noticed how his sister was now more relaxed than before and wasn't in a hurry at all.

"Yea I'm almost done, but won't we go and get a couple of drinks first before going back?" Emma asked, now that she wasn't as desperate anymore she suddenly craved for some soda once she would be done with her sandwich.

Yea okay, but can't we go to the toilet first?" Billy asked, clearly in need for a leak,

Emma suddenly remarked, "Wait aren't you wearing black pants anyway? It's gonna be dark when we arrive anyway, why don't you do the same and relieve some pressure as well?"

Billy waited a couple seconds before he answered, "Already am..." He even seemed to be zoning out a little when he said it.

Emma immediately shot a glance under the table and to her surprise saw how her brother had a glistening wet stain spreading on his own crotch.

"Hahaha," Emma loved how casual her brother has been about this topic recently, even nudging her on to relieve some pressure in her pants right here. But she absolutely adored how he was following his own idea and was releasing some pressure in his pants "You really were serious when you said to not worry about some wetness!"

"I was dead serious! It really feels nice to let some go!" Billy said joyful, now it was his turn to inspect the damage on his own pants,

The wet stain wasn't nearly as big or as visible as Emma's, but it was still pretty significant and obvious right now what he had done.

Emma stuffed the last piece of sandwich in her mouth.

"I feel like the cruise warped our perception by quite a lot... but still, peeing your pants seems pretty harmless to me?" Billy remarked and shrugged it off, "Are you finished?" He asked towards Emma who just swallowed the last piece of her sandwich.

"Not yet." Emma responded even though she was finished eating.

Emma agreed it was harmless, and she had finally made peace with the fact that strangers at the train station will be able to tell that she had wet her pants... Without overthinking it any longer she completely and fully let her bladder relax on a whim.

Without worrying or holding back she let her pee stream freely while fully embracing the sensation of relief that washed over her, hearing the faint hissing sound start while she was fully intending to empty her whole bladder right here and now.

She calmly observed how the wet stain was glistening and spreading, saturating the denim. Meanwhile she enjoyed the all too familiar warm glow that she could feel in her crotch, and now that she wasn't holding back anymore... the pee stain was spreading out even more... she could feel the warm glow go down her thighs and to the back as well, making the wetness creep up to her butt.

Emma decided to spread her feet a little bit wider, although pee was already running into her shoes and soaking her socks, she didn't mind though. After all, she was intending to fully soak her pants by the time she was done.

Billy was confused for a moment went Emma said she wasn't finished yet, but when he saw her expression change and soften he knew what was going on... not at all surprised he observed how his little sister was 'finishing' in her pants.

Her jeans were already completely soaked while she was still going, still glistening with pee that was streaming down, in her shoes and on the carpet. Creating a puddle at her feet.

In a calm demeanour Emma announced, "I'm almost done." while lifting one foot up and letting it hover over the ground, with pee streaming down her shoe and into the puddle that was further spreading under her feet.

"Damn you really needed to go." Billy added,

"Yep!" Emma responded, "Ok, now I'm finished!"

Emma's stream subsided and she pushed out the last spurt in her soaked jeans, she lifted her other foot of the ground to reveal that there was still excess pee trickling off of it. With a little shake she shook off a couple more drops.

Not at all bothered that a couple of other people that were around in the shop had seen this entire scene of the siblings that had started this with a simple: "Just release some pressure", some people had let out a chuckle seeing their nonchalance, but nobody seemed to judge.

They went and got in line to get some drinks. That sandwich was delicious but they really wanted an ice cold drink now.

While waiting in line Emma noticed how Billy kept 'relieving some pressure' in his pants, by the time they got their drink the wet stain on his pants had grown even bigger.

After getting their drinks and without any shame they exited the shop and started their way back to their seat, Emma was fully intending to continue wetting her jeans throughout the train ride, no reason to stop now that her jeans were already soaked anyway.

Funny how some things don't change, at the beginning of the cruise she was embarrassed of peeing her pants... but once she started wetting... that initial embarrassment always seemed to fade a little... As a result, in the moment Emma felt pretty ok about the fact that random strangers will see her in pee soaked jeans once they arrive at their destination.

After all, according to her, it didn't feel like a bad thing, it had even felt like a natural thing to do... it was so easy and simple to just relax and letting it flow freely in whatever she was wearing.

So why should she even be ashamed of doing it in the first place?!

A mischievous idea popped up in Emma's head, she was in fact planning to honor her promise she had made and stop wetting her pants the moment they got home... but just for one last time... she made up a plan to make sure to hold her pee until right before they got off the train, while walking through the station she would blatantly rewet her jeans completely... probably leaving a trail of drops behind her....

What a rush that would be!!!
