Omo Story - Fiction - Koko in the classroom

Author: gnieep

*000*2012-07-10 00:24

This is a story I wrote a while ago. I copy pasted it straight from my dA.

The story on my dA has a little picture, too.

Here is a link to the dA story: http://gnieep.deviantart.com/gallery/37736546#/d53u7zb

Koko's hand shot up in the air. "May I go to the restroom?" she asked as she crossed and uncrossed her legs. Her teacher, Mrs. Ivory glared at Koko. "No Koko. This is the last class of the day and this lesson is very important. You aren't five. You can hold it." Mrs. Ivory continued on with her lesson on the human body that Koko wasn't even listening to. Koko tried to think back to what could have made her need to pee so badly. She hadn't even had a lot to drink to day. She had one glass of milk at breakfast and at lunch… oh yeah. Lunch. At lunch, Koko was dared to chug down three sodas. That was probably the cause of her sudden need to pee. "KOKO! PAY ATTENTION!" Her teacher roared, scaring her. She looked towards all of the students.

"Now class, you will choose a partner and preform a skit about one of the organ systems. Go find a partner." She said then resided to her desk. Koko's friend, Chyna sprinted towards her and proposed the question of partnership. Koko nodded her head and they got down to business on deciding which organ system to do. "I think we should do the urinary system!" Chyna said, and Koko's face went pale. Is she trying to torment me? She thought. But Chyna wasn't a girl who accepted no for an answer, so Koko weakly nodded her head. Chyna started to write out the whole script and occasionally asked Koko what she thought of parts of it. Each time she meekly said, "it's good."

Koko had her hand shoved between her legs under her desk to try to hold in her pee. Her need kept on growing and it was pretty intense now. Koko didn't know if she would make it to the end of class. She got up and used all her strength to ask Mrs. Ivory if she could go. Her answer was the same as the first time. "B…But…it's an emergency!" Koko cried out. Mrs. Ivory kept the same emotionless face. She sighed and said "Okay, but you have to use the restroom pass." Koko sprinted over to the bathroom pass, but not before someone else had grabbed and ran out of the classroom. Koko groaned and sat down. Time passed and her urge rapidly increased. She had been squirming and fidgeting, and she was sure everyone in the class was aware that she didn't have much time left.

Finally, the girl returned the bathroom pass and Koko immediately got up to grab it. The second she got up a squirt escaped from her bladder. She grabbed her crotch to prevent any more from getting out, but her effort was futile. As long as she was standing, she was squirting. She let out a moan and returned to her seat. She sat down and concentrated on holding her pee, and she didn't squirt for a couple more minutes. When this squirt came, it was a lot longer than the others and she had to put a lot of effort into it to stop it. "Alright class," Mrs. Ivory said "Lets start our skits." Koko's stomach dropped. What if I pee in front of everyone? She was getting quite nervous now, which only added to her desperation. Mrs. Ivory raised her voice again.

"So, which group would like to go first?" Chyna, being the confident person she was, volunteered for Koko and her to go first. Koko very carefully got up and she suddenly was attacked by squirts from her bladder. She wasn't going to make it. She was going to pee her pants any second now. She already had soaked her panties and probably made a dark spot on her jeans. Then Koko remembered the bathroom pass! Koko sprinted towards it, and grabbed it. She sprinted out the door and attempted to grab her crotch while running. The spurts were getting even longer and more frequent, and she had a baseball size spot on her pants. She got to the bathroom door, finally, and tried to pry it open. It seemed to be stuck and Koko felt as if she was moving in slow motion.

She pulled and pulled until she looked up and saw that it said push. Koko slammed on the door to push it and hobbled into the bathroom. She pounded on each stall, but they were all occupied. Koko bounced from foot to foot and grabbed her crotch as hard as possible. She suddenly, a very long spurt came out and the wet spot was basketball sized now. No no no! I have to make it! I'm so close! She thought. Just then, the stall swung upon and Koko ran towards it. Finally! Relief! But then someone grabbed her shoulders. She turned around and saw Mrs. Ivory. "You were not given permission to use the restroom. You must return to class." Koko gave her a sad look. "But…b…but it's an e…e…emergency…please…just let me…I'm so close just…please…" Koko's lip quivered. Her whole body wobbled, legs crossed, knees banging against each other. Just then, the longest spurt yet came and Koko could barley stop it. Her eyes filled up with tears.

"Please…I…I might be able to…to…m…make it…please, just let me go!" She wiggled herself free of her teacher's hold and tried to step forward towards the open stall. A stream of pee started and Koko stopped it, but not before her pants had a larger pee spot on them. Koko sunk down to the ground and held herself there, rocking back and forth. Her teacher called out "KOKO GET UP RIGHT NOW AND STOP BEING A BABY." But she ignored her. She thought maybe she could scoot towards the stall. She tried, but at the first movement more spurts rushed out. She stopped them and just rocked back and forth again. She gripped her crotch so hard that it hurt, but it almost stopped spurts from coming out.

Then, another student rushed into the bathroom, and she clearly had to pee. She had to go very bad. She already had a huge wet patch on her pants. She saw the empty stall and ran straight for it, but didn't see Koko and tripped right over her. She lay on the ground for a minute, not being able to get up then something horrible happened. The student who was still on top of Koko had lost it and started peeing her pants, and a lot of it got on Koko. Koko squirmed around insanely and another long, final stream of pee came from the other student. The student got down and looked at her pants. Completely soaked. Then she looked at the ground. A yellow puddle starred back at her. She looked a little more and saw Koko sitting on the ground, twitching, and saw the huge amount of pee that was on her jean's legs due to her. She collapsed next to Koko.

She said "I…I…I'm so sorry…I didn't" then tears started streaming down her eyes. Koko weakly accepted her apology. "Is…is there anything I can do for you?" asked the student with soaked jeans. Koko tried to explain her situation of not being able to get up and needing to pee. Just then, a stream of pee started again. Only this time, Koko could control it. The pee escaped from Koko's bladder and started soaking her pants. She tried jamming her hand in between her legs to stop it but it did nothing. Her pants got wet and so did the floor around her. Koko felt the uncomfortable warmth and sogginess. The student got up and offered Koko a hand. "Here, we can go to the nurses and get some clothes to borrow." The student led Koko as tears streamed down her face. "By the way," the student said, "My name is Sheila." Koko told her her name as they went and got new clothes.

