First Days On Land

Author: Quackduck

*000*2022-11-15 20:56

Part One

The ritual had been completed. I looked at my bride, standing on her own two feet, who looked back at me with a smile so pure it made me want to cry right there. I embraced her, she took her first steps, we thanked everybody, said our goodbyes, and took our leave of the harbor. I helped her out with my arm around her.

“I’m seriously going to have to get used to this,” she said, stumbling along.

“You’ll get it in no time,” I smiled back at her. I helped her into the wagon and we rode back to the castle.

“We’ll come back to the sea sometimes, won’t we?” she asked.

“Of course!” I replied, brushing her blue-green hair behind her ear, “It’s your home.”

She beamed with happiness and threw her arms around me.

When we got there, all of the servants were standing outside, applauding our arrival. “Is that more of your family?” she asked.

“More or less. They aren’t related to us, but they work and live here. Come on, you’ve got to meet them! I’ve known them since I was born!”

I helped her down. Her legs buckled and she fell into me, giggling sheepishly. We went over to the front of the steps, where everyone was waiting. “Everyone, this is Meri. The newest member of House Whitemore.”

More applause. She held onto me tight. I turned to her. “Do you want to say anything?”

“Oh! Umm… Well, hello,” she giggled. The rest of them cheerfully greeted her back. “I’m so happy to be welcomed here like this! I can’t wait to know you all as I start my life on land. As you probably know, I’m… from…”

I didn’t know what was happening at first. She had on a white dress that reached a bit above her knees. As she trailed off, her face went from happiness to confusion. She looked down, so everyone else did too. Urine was streaming down her legs and splattering into a puddle at her bare feet.

Panicked, I looked around at everyone. They were pretty shocked. “Okay, thanks everyone! Come on, Meri, let’s get you cleaned up.” I helped her up the stairs, silence weighing on our entire walk up there. “What happened to me?” she asked me, sounding more curious then upset.

“I’ll explain when we get to our room, sweetheart,” I replied. “Come on, let’s…”

She gasped when we entered. “It’s beautiful!” she said, stopping in her tracks.

“Let’s get you cleaned up first, then let’s look around, okay?”

“Okay,” she said patiently, holding onto me tightly.

