Story Commissions: Would Anyone Be Interested?

Author: Aloe

*000*2020-04-11 00:37

Hello there

I hope everyone is doing well right now, with all of the craziness going on. I myself am doing well. Work has also slowed down a fair bit, and I have even more time on my hands than I did before!

With that being said, this has actually been on my mind for awhile, but I wasn’t sure how I would do it, or if I wanted to do it at all. I’m still not entirely sure about it, which is why I wanted to get some feedback.

I’ve done a fair bit of writing on here, as well a couple unfinished stories still in the works. I wanted to get a general idea of whether or not anyone would be interested in ordering commissioned stories from me? I’d be open to writing just about anything omorashi related, and I would be open minded to exploring other ideas as well. Just nothing too extreme, or you know, illegal (which should go without saying)!

I wouldn’t plan to charge much because I’ve obviously never done this before. But overall, is this something anyone would be interested in? Feel free to leave your questions or comments below!

*002*2020-04-11 07:38

@desperatebabe

I wish I could but I’m not much of an artist I’d be down for a collab with someone that knows how to draw!

*004*2020-04-11 16:54

{{4 hours ago, ed2 said:

Would you accept panty-pooping?

}}

Absolutely! I write about that frequently on here!

*006*2020-04-11 17:17

{{15 minutes ago, SAM996 said:

If you can't pay would you still make a story anyway? It's okay if you say no just wondering because I can't pay anyone.

}}

I would have to say no at this time, but I would probably be open to taking requests later down the line!

*008*2020-04-12 00:50

{{3 hours ago, Peefreak said:

How about a girl being so desperate that she pees in public. But her bladder is so full that she never stops peeing so she ends up flooding the entire city.

}}

I could probably do something like that!!!

*012*2020-04-13 17:39

{{11 hours ago, mirtdesp said:

How would we pay? Im curious, i might beinterested.

}}

{{1 hour ago, herrokitty said:

I always love your writing, so keep me posted as to pricing/how to pay details!

}}

Hey guys! Glad to see you’re interested :) I would probably set it up through PayPal, since I have an active account there right now! I’m still figuring out the pricing, but it will likely be based on word count, and subject matter!

*014*2020-04-14 21:38

{{21 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Would you be open to doing omo fanfics about movies, TV shows and video games?

}}

Yes I definitely would! Of course, it would depend on the context of the show, movie, or video game. But that’s well within my ability to do!

*016*2020-04-14 23:06

{{36 minutes ago, LifeIsStrange said:

OK cool! Any chance you could provide a list of what shows, movies and games you are familiar enough with to do fanfics on?

}}

To be honest I’m familiar with most mainstream shows. When it gets into anime’s however, I would have a little bit of research, which is easier than you’d think!

*018*2020-04-15 17:53

Hey everyone,

I made an official thread for commissions! The link is below:

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/58782-story-commissions-trial-run/?do=embed"

Keep in mind this is a trial run; I’m going to see how this goes initially before I fully commit to taking commissions in greater volume. I’m not taking a lot of commissions right initially, so if you’re interested in being one of the first, please feel free to message me!

