Summer with Snape - Page 10

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*226*2012-03-01 05:25

Heres the rest of that chapter, thanks for all the kind things it makes me feel good, which I need. On to the story.

Chapter 38

The minute they landed in their quarters, Harry tried to pry Snape’s fingers from his shoulder; he wasn’t trying to have another accident today. He was grateful once again for the man helping him stay on his feet, but right now he needed him to let go.

“Harry calm down child, relax, “Severus said softly, turning the child so he could peer into his face.

“I am,” Harry murmured trying to tense his muscles to hold it all in.

“Harry are you alright child?” Severus asked worriedly.

“Lemme go daddy please,” he whimpered, as he bent over at the waist, his hand starting to gravitate towards his crotch.

Severus nodded before releasing his hold on the child, who immediately took off from the sitting room. He stood there in confusion for a second before quickly following after him.

Harry felt like he was gonna lose it; the minute Snape let him go he took off for the toilet. His hand was buried into his crotch as he ran the short distance to it. Bursting through the door, and turning on the light he made a desperate dash for the loo. Harry shed his robe quickly as he danced in front of the toilet. He whimpered as he struggled frantically with the belt on his trousers, that didn’t wanna come off for him. He felt the tears well into his eyes thinking that he was gonna wet right in front of the toilet.

After a few more agonizing seconds of struggling, he got his belt off and broke the button on his trousers from trying to take them off quickly. Pushing his trousers down and out of the way, he hurriedly lifted the seat up before pulling down his boxers. He moaned in relief as his stream forcefully hit the toilet water. He sighed loudly as he steadied himself with one hand holding onto the counter. He didn’t think he was gonna make it, if he was being honest with himself.

“Harry are you gonna be ill?” Severus asked before he poked his head into the open door.

“No I’m fine Professor,” Harry mumbled tiredly as he continued going.

“Why didn’t you just say you needed the loo? Or use it at the Weasleys for that matter?” Severus asked narrowing his eyes.

“I was trying to, but the first time everyone was in there together. Then I was gonna go after dinner, but you came,” Harry said softly, hoping he wasn’t gonna get into trouble again.”

Severus nodded, though he still wasn’t please, the boy was still going which meant he had to have been holding it in for a while.

“What did I tell you about holding it in for so long? Didn’t you just get in trouble today for that Harry?”

“But I didn’t hold it that long. When we stopped playing Quidditch I realized I had to go,” Harry explained as his stream slowed down.

Severus didn’t say anything to that, already knowing that Harry must have been distracted from the game.

“Good job on making it though. When you get done in here, I want you to get your pajamas and things and come back here, you need a bath.” Severus stated kindly.

“Kay,” Harry replied, not actually minding. He was a little sore from playing Quidditch that long and he wanted to relax in the bath.

Harry finished up and flushed as he pulled up his boxers, before deciding on just stepping out of his trousers. He grabbed his clothes, and was about to walk to his room when he was blocked by Snape.

“Hands Harry,” was all Snape said.

“What?” He asked a bit confused.

“You didn’t wash your hands child,” Severus replied.

“Oh,” Harry mumbled as he blushed brightly before placing his clothes on the counter to wash his hands.

Severus moved over towards the tub to run a bath for Harry. Since the child had already eaten, he only had to wash and get ready for bed. He placed the bubble bath in the tub after making sure the water temperature wasn’t too hot. Grabbing the toys under the sink, he gently tossed them in the water. By the time Harry came back in the tub was full.

Harry placed his pajamas on the counter and took off his shirt, as he yawned slightly.

“I’ll be in the sitting room, if you need me for anything don’t be afraid to yell. Also don’t forget to wash your hair Harry,” Severus replied as he started walking out the door.

Harry nodded as he rubbed his eyes tiredly before taking off his boxers and stepping into the tub. He smiled as he looked at his toys in the water, not feeling embarrassed in the slightest. Harry wanted to play with them, but he was so tired at the moment, and just decided to lay there for a second. He soaked for a few minutes until it felt like he couldn’t keep his eyes open. Blinking rapidly he reached for his wash cloth to get cleaned up, so he could hurry up and go to bed. As he lathered the towel with soap he found himself drifting off to sleep in the tub.

Severus was in the kitchen reading the paper with his cup of evening tea; he shook his head at some of the nonsense that people actually seemed to believe. He sighed softly as he took note of the picture of Black on the paper, Albus was right he would have to tell Harry before he came back to school at the latest. He would have to talk to Molly and Arthur to make sure that none of their children said anything about it to Harry. After about 10 minutes of reading it Severus glanced down the hall, he hadn’t heard any noise from the bathroom in a while, which was strange as Harry was one who tended to play in the water. Severus couldn’t blame him the child who never had the chance when he was smaller; it was only reasonable that he did it now.

He smiled softly as he entered the loo, to find Harry asleep in the tub, and he shook his head before bending down in front of the tub. He vaguely wondered if he should put a monitoring charm around the bathroom when Harry was in it. It wouldn’t do for him to fall asleep and accidently slip under water. What if he didn’t reach him in time? Snape shook the horrible thought out of his mind, before nodding he was definitely going to apply the charm as soon as possible.

“Harry wake up for me child, did you wash yet?” Severus asked softly, trying to prod the child awake.

“M’tired,” he whimpered sleepily.

“I know you are child, did you wash though?” He asked again.

“No,” Harry mumbled before his breathing quickly evened out once again.

Severus quirked an eyebrow, guess the Quidditch game tired him out more then he thought it would. He grabbed the wash cloth and gave the boy a bath, deciding that he could wash his hair tomorrow. Severus wrapped him up in a towel when he finished as he let the water out of the tub, before grabbing his clothes and heading swiftly towards Harry’s room. After dressing the child he pulled back his blankets and laid him down, before tucking him into bed.

“Goodnight my child,” he said softly before kissing his forehead.

Severus turned out the light and closed the door halfway before going to clean up the loo. He casted the charm around the loo, not wanting to take any chances in the future, before shaking his head again; the boy was making him soft. As he finished cleaning up he couldn’t help but that think, that Harry was changing so much about him that he didn’t even think was possible. He nodded to himself as he thought about the beginning of the summer and how much he put up a fight to not have Harry come with him. Who knew that Albus would come to be right once again, it’s like they both needed this arrangement.

Keeping the light on he headed towards his study to work on his lesson plans trying to figure out how was he was going to tell Harry about Black; and how he was going to treat him this upcoming year. Hopefully he would be able to explain his position to where Harry could understand it, he couldn’t treat him like he did before, but at the same time he valued his life. And the minute his Slytherins reported to their parents about how he wasn’t treating the golden boy with hate, his cover was at risk; and he could never allow that. For one the order needed a spy, but the most important reason was that Harry needed his father; and Severus knew that he couldn’t afford to lose another one.

*230*2012-03-03 03:29

{{: 

Another great chapter!

}}

{{: 

Aww! Harry! That's so cute!! Loved this chapter (:

}}

{{: 

Some great chapters again, loved it!

}}

Thanks so much for reading, and I'm glad you guys liked it.

*233*2012-03-06 02:53

Heres the next chapter, and um hope you guys like it, like always. Its a bit short and for that I apologize, the next one will be longer. Um thanks for Reviewing and stuff.

Chapter 39

Harry woke up the next morning to a slightly full bladder, and he moaned trying to ignore it. He rolled over in his bed, and buried his head under his pillow and tried to sleep some more. He shifted in his wet pull up as he closed his eyes again, and tried to melt in his bed. He stilled for a second as he tried to remember how exactly he got into his bed, the last thing he remembered was falling asleep in the tub. He felt his face burned at that thought before being jolted back into reality by his bladder making its self known.

He rolled out of bed making sure to slip on his socks from where Snape had thoughtfully placed them dresser; before sleepily making his way down the hall to the loo. As he twisted the knob, he was surprised to find it locked, before realizing that the shower was running. He hated after holding it for so long, his bladder tended to be weaker than it already was, and just the fact that he couldn’t relieve himself was making him have to go a lot worse. Not trying to get in trouble so early on Harry knocked on the door.

“Yes,” Severus called out.

“Uh, I just wanted to know, how long you were um going to be in there.” Harry stammered out. Though he knew Snape would never deny him this right, he couldn’t help the apprehension that he felt whenever he asked for the loo.

“I should be out in about 15 minutes Harry,” Severus said letting the hot water relax the tension in his shoulders.

“I can’t wait that long,” Harry murmured not even sure Snape had heard him.

“If you need a wee Harry, just come in,” Severus replied forgetting that he had locked the door out of habit.

Harry smiled slightly before trying the door only to find it still locked and he shifted once more in his wet underwear.

“I can’t, it’s locked,” Harry replied wiggling the knob again for good measure.

Severus sighed; he now knew exactly what Molly meant when she said once you have children your privacy becomes rare, or non-existent. He grabbed his wand from his holder in the shower and unlocked the door before returning to his shower.

Harry heard the lock click and he opened it up automatically, he nearly choked on the steam; the loo was so hot. Not wanting to be in the hot room anymore then he had too, he quickly took care of business and washed his hands before leaving out. He knew better not to flush from experience with the Durselys; he didn’t wanna burn or freeze Snape. Walking back to his room, he smiled he would have the whole day to spend with the Weasleys. Although he was sad that he couldn’t hang out with Snape like they usually did, he wanted to know the types of things his mate and his family did during the day. Surely they didn’t just play Quidditch all the time, did they?

Cleaning up and changing into some regular underwear Harry got dressed before making his way to the kitchen. He could hear the shower still going and he wanted to do something nice for Snape; especially after all the man had done for him. Going to the kitchen he pulled out the items for pancakes before grabbing the bacon from the freezer and eggs from the fridge before getting to work.

Harry was just finishing up the eggs when Snape walked into the kitchen and stared at him. He blushed under the gaze he could feel, but he focused on making sure each plate got the right amount. Putting the pan in the sink he turned around and grabbed the plates before setting them on the table. Snape said nothing as he grabbed the silverware and juice and set them down, before placing the man’s coffee at his place. Harry sat down, hoping Snape appreciated his work, even if it was easy.

“What brought this on?” Severus asked curiously as he cut his pancakes up.

“I wanted to do something nice for you, especially all you’ve done for me,” Harry replied looking up from his fringe.

“Thank you for the breakfast Harry, but you didn’t have to do that for me. I take care of you because I want to child,” Severus explained taking a drink of his coffee.

“I know that, and I cooked breakfast for you because I wanted too,” Harry replied softly before turning to his plate.

Severus nodded but otherwise said nothing, Harry’s pancakes were delicious, and it saddened him to think of where he learned how to cook. What 13 year old boy could cook a full breakfast meal did he know of? He couldn’t think of anyone at least no magical ones, and he had no doubt in his mind that Harry also could cook dinner if he was asked too. Damn Durselys, he needed to find out just exactly what Albus did, because he was still feeling unjustified on behalf of Harry.

Harry smiled to himself when Snape didn’t have anything to say to that, as he drank his juice he still wondered what they were gonna do at the Weasleys.

“When am I going to the Weasleys?” Harry asked curiously.

“As soon as you get done with breakfast child, make sure you have everything you want to take over there ready before we go.” Severus replied opening up the paper.

“When are you gonna come get me?” Harry asked softly.

“I was thinking just before dinner, so we could have a bit more time together. But I can come later if you prefer?” Severus asked raising an eyebrow in question.

“No that’s ok, I wanna eat dinner with just us,” Harry replied, he had missed the silence at the table yesterday. Though he loved the Weasleys he could barely hear himself think at their dinner table.

“Alright that’s fine, make sure you behave yourself. There is to be no fighting no matter what happens,” Severus said sternly.

“Yes sir, I remember,” Harry replied blushing slightly in remembrance.

“Good then I don’t expect you to forget that rule then. Make sure you tell someone that you need the loo Harry, and don’t wait until it’s urgent. They will not make you wait or hold it in, do you understand me?” Severus said looking at Harry closely, knowing this was the most important rule of all.

“Yes sir,” Harry replied though inside he was shaking his head, saying hell no. There was no way in the world he was telling the Weasleys that he had to go, he knew where one bathroom was, and he could just sneak away right?

*239*2012-03-10 09:18

The chapter ran away from me, so its a fairly long one. I wasnt in the mood to split it up. Thanks for the reviews and stuff I appreciate them I cant say that enough. This was a cute chapter to write, which was probably why it got a bit out a hand, anyways on to the story.

Chapter 40

Severus had packed a day bag for Harry, not at all sure how to go about this. A part of him wanted to cancel the whole thing; he didn’t want the child to leave. But he knew that both of them needed a break from each other, not to mention Harry needed time with his friends, so Severus could get his lesson plans ready for the upcoming school year. As much as he didn’t want to do it Severus knew that it was of a course a necessity, besides Harry would be back that night.

Harry stood by the floo with his backpack on, he was waiting for Snape so they could floo to the Burrow. He was excited, although he didn’t know what he was going to do there. Surely Ron didn’t play Quidditch all the time right?

“Did you want to try to floo by yourself now Harry?” Severus asked gently. The child was 13 and though he didn’t look it, he wanted him to have a bit more independence then he did now.

“No thank you,” Harry replied softly before reaching for the canister and holding it out to Snape.

Severus sighed softly before grabbing the floo and the child before stepping into the fireplace. Once he was sure the child was ready, they flooed to the Burrow. Severus landed smoothly into the sitting room, where Molly was apparently waiting for them. He let go of Harry and gently ruffled his hair before looking at him.

“Behave yourself Harry, and remember what I said,” he said pointedly.

“I will, don’t forget to pick me up,” Harry said softly a bit insecure about being left here.

“I won’t child,” Severus said before turning around and flooing back to Hogwarts.

Harry watched Snape floo away with a sigh before turning around to look at Mrs. Weasley.

“Harry dear, you can go right up to Ron’s room. He’s waiting for you,” she replied reaching for his pack.

“Thank you Mrs. Weasley,” he replied before handing her the bag and walking up the stairs.

The day actually went smoothly and Harry found himself more and more entranced with magic. Though Snape used magic at home, he also did some things the muggle way. Here in the Weasely house they did everything magical. Instead of walking across the room to get a book they accioed it, he loved every minute of it. They day seemed to go on by quickly and sooner rather than later it was time for Harry to go.

Knowing he was going to be back tomorrow neither he nor Ron had a hard time saying goodbye. He was shifting subtly as he waited by the floo; he had been able to sneak away to use the loo once today, but only when Ron and Ginny went to ask the twins something. Now of course he needed to go again, but he could wait since Snape was due any minute. Just as soon as that thought crossed his mind, the fireplace flared and out he came.

“Hello Severus, I wasn’t expecting you to floo back. I assumed Harry would floo home by himself,” she said questioningly.

Harry for his part blushed before glaring at the ground; he didn’t particularly care to hear what Snape’s answer to that would be. He felt like such a little kid for not being able to floo alone. Tomorrow he would just suck it up and do it, not matter what. With that resolve in mind he walked over to his teacher.

“I’m ready,” he said softly as he picked up his bag.

“Did you have a good time?” Severus asked.

“I did, and guess what Mrs. Weasley said that Bill and Charlie are both coming home tomorrow and I get to meet them.” Harry said excitedly.

“Will that be a problem Molly? I don’t want to inconvenience you,” Severus said looking back at her. He didn’t want to disturb their family time, knowing they probably hadn’t seen the older boys in a while.

“Of course not Severus, I love Harry dear, and you. Not to mention the boys are so excited to hear some of their stories. Speaking of which would it be ok if Harry stayed the night tomorrow?” She asked.

Severus opened his mouth to approve that idea before he saw Harry looking at him with wide eyes. He was confused for a moment before remembering just what happened at night with Harry.

“We’ll talk over it tonight at dinner and he’ll tell you when he gets here tomorrow. Does that seem fair Molly?” Severus said gently.

“Of course dear, don’t let me keep you both from supper. Your both skin and bones,” she chided teasingly, though her words did have merit.

“Thank you Molly, see you tomorrow,” Severus said grabbing Harry’s bag and walking towards the fireplace.

Harry followed quickly and forced himself to stand still as Snape took out some powder. He sighed in relief as they finally disappeared in the fire. Not wanting to draw attention to himself he grabbed his pack and headed to his room. He didn’t want Snape to get suspicious if he ran right to the loo so he made himself wait until he was called for dinner, which was thankfully only 10 minutes or so. As he sat down he squirmed in his chair slightly before, turning an apologetic glance in Snape’s direction.

“I forgot to wash my hands,” he mumbled, but he knew Snape would hear him.

“I’ll wait for you Harry, go wash up now,” Severus said placing his fork down.

Harry nodded and walked as fast as he could to the toilet. Closing the door behind him he quickly took care of business before washing his hand. Now that his bladder was empty his stomach was letting him know that it was empty. He nearly ran back to the table, as his stomach growled again.

“Eat slowly Harry, I don’t want you choking or making yourself sick,” Severus said warningly.

“Yes sir I will,” he replied taking a bite of his mashed potatoes.

After dinner found Harry playing with his game boy he was excited about meeting Ron’s older brother tomorrow, and hearing their wicked stories. He had almost forgotten that he was invited to spend the night until Snape called him into the lounge.

“Have a seat Harry,” Severus said pulling out the tea set.

Harry sat down and reached for a biscuit on the tray while Snape served the tea, wondering what this was about.

“Do you want to spend the night with the Weasleys tomorrow?” Severus asked keeping an eye on Harry’s face. He knew that the boy hated asking for things, and he wouldn’t deny this if he really did want to do it.

“I do but…what about…?” Harry trailed off and blushed he didn’t want his mate or his mate’s mom to find out about his bedwetting.

“The bedwetting, if you wear your underwear like you’re supposed to no one will know.” Severus explained gently.

Harry chewed his lip for a moment as he thought about it, he had never been on a sleepover before and he really wanted to. A part of him was scared though since this would technically be his first time. Staying in his dorm in Gryffindor tower didn’t count.

“What if I need to go in the middle of the night?” Harry asked softly, tracing circles in the couch.

“Just like you do here, I want you to get up and go.” Severus said.

“What if they don’t have a light and it’s too dark for me to see?” Harry asked fearfully.

“I will let Molly know that little detail,” Severus replied smoothly.

“But not about me wetting the bed right?” Harry said wanting to clarify it.

“That’s right Harry,” he replied.

“Ok, then…I wanna go,” Harry said at last.

“Good choice,” Severus answered. Now he could work on Harry’s potion and his owns without having to worry about the child getting into mischief for him not being around.

Harry still had a bit of apprehension but he was also excited about this whole thing and he couldn’t prevent the smile that lit up his face. He didn’t know what kinds of things went on but that didn’t even matter to him at this point.

“What are you taking tonight; a bath or a shower?” Severus asked as he gathered the tea items.

“A bath,” Harry said shyly. At the Durselys he never had that luxury only able to take lukewarm borderline cold showers. He loved baths, and the toys that Snape got for him.

“Alright go get your stuff I’ll go start your bath. Wash your hair tonight Harry,” Severus called as he headed to the loo.

Harry was finished with his bath and was reaching for his towel to get out when he slipped and banged his shin. Tears welled into his eyes, and he was unable to prevent the next few words from slipping out his mouth.

“Oh fuck that hurt,” he swore loudly, unaware of how loud he actually was, until Snape appeared in the doorway.

“I’m sorry Harry I think I heard wrong. What did you just say?” Severus asked quietly, dark gaze staring intently into Harry’s emerald ones.

Harry for his part was looking like a deer caught in headlights, he grimaced. He had not meant for Snape to overhear him, maybe he could play it off? He was never a good liar in the best of times, and it had been a while since that dark gaze was looking at him that way.

“I’m waiting Mr. Potter,” Severus said crossing his arms.

And now he was back to Mr. Potter, he was in so much trouble. He quickly decided to answer not wanting to get into more trouble.

“I…I said…uh…oh…’” Harry trailed off was the man expecting him to say it again?

“That’s what I thought you said. Get dressed, we’re gonna have a little chat about that word.” Severus said walking back towards the sitting room.

Harry swallowed audibly as he dried off and quickly got dressed into his pajamas. He wanted to take the longest time possible, but he knew Snape wouldn’t stand for that. Would he have to sit or stand in the corner again? He was a bit nervous because he didn’t know what the man was going to do to him. Squaring his shoulders he walked out and headed for the sitting room. He sat in the chair across from Snape trying to control his breathing.

“Your 13 Mr. Potter are you not?” Severus started casually.

“Yes sir,” Harry answered softly.

“With that in mind, do you think you should be allowed to swear?” Severus said sitting back and waiting for his answer.

“No sir, it slipped out,” Harry said trying to explain his actions.

“Did it, that would mean that you have said it before, wouldn’t it?” He asked.

“Yes sir,” Harry said barely audible, he had made it worse.

“No son of mine will use vulgar language; do you hear me Mr. Potter?” Severus asked.

“Yes sir, I’m sorry sir,” Harry said quietly.

“You aren’t yet, but you will be.” Severus said standing up and walking to the toilet.

Harry didn’t like that ominous saying and he sat there wondering what Snape was going to get, and how that would make him sorry. He was relieved to know that the man wouldn’t hurt him like the Durselys but that didn’t help him calm down any.

Once in the loo Severus conjured up the soap that his mother was so fond of when she was alive. While it seemed to have the most delectable smell it also had the most repulsive taste. His mother did the same thing to him, what he was about to do to Harry. And though he still swore as kids did, he was very careful not to do it when she was near, or had a chance of overhearing. With that thought in mind he walked back to the sitting room where Harry was patiently waiting.

“Do you know what this is Mr. Potter?” He said retaking his seat.

“A bar of soap,” Harry said, though confusion was clear in his voice.

“That it is Mr. Potter, and it’s used to clean dirty things,” Severus said conversationally as he waited for Harry to catch on.

And catch on he did, Harry’s eyes widened even more as he looked from Snape to the bar of soap and back. His mouth closed automatically before covering it with one hand, shaking his head from side to side in denial.

“This is what happens to little boys who swear, you will do well to remember this next time; won’t you Mr. Potter?” Severus said crooking his finger for Harry to come closer.

“Yes sir I’ll remember,” Harry said before quickly closing his mouth. He looked down at the floor, pretending he didn’t see Snape gesturing to him.

“Come here Mr. Potter,” Severus said offhandedly, though Harry knew it was anything but.

“What…what if I don’t want to?” Harry whispered out.

“Then that sleepover with the Weasleys as well as the day visit isn’t going to happen.” Severus replied shrugging his shoulder. Harry was going to be punished either way; if it was him he would take the soap since it wouldn’t last so long.

Harry frowned before standing up and dragging his feet towards Snape. He stood in front of him still holding his hand over his mouth.

“Open your mouth Harry,” Severus said indifferently.

“I’m sorry Dad but please don’t make me,” Harry said opening his eyes innocently wide, hoping it would work like usual.

“Not this time child,” Severus said staying strong, Harry had to learn.

Harry whimpered and frowned, but he didn’t want to miss his very first sleepover, and this really wasn’t that all bad. He could just imagine what Uncle Vernon would do if he had caught him swearing, if Dudley’s punishment was anything to go by, which was saying something because he never got punished. Harry dropped his hand and slowly opened his mouth.

“Good boy Harry, this will stay in your mouth for 5 minutes. Don’t touch it, and don’t take it out, or the time will be added. Go sit in the chair by the wall,” Severus said gently putting the bar of soap in Harry’s mouth, before grabbing the timer.

Harry sat in the chair facing the wall trying not to let the soap touch his tongue, which was pointless as it did anyways. His mouth watered this was so disgusting, he just wanted to spit. He shook his head turning once to see how long it had been and nearly cried when he saw that only 30 seconds had passed. This really sucked.

Severus hated doing this but it did need to be done. He headed back to the loo, knowing that Harry would obey and he quickly cleaned up everything before going back into the sitting room.

“You have 2 minutes left child,” he said before going into the kitchen.

Harry shook his head, this soap was beyond disgusting; it was vile. How could it smell so good, but taste like this? It was so gross, and his saliva was mixed in, he would never swear again, it just wasn’t worth it. He bounced around in his chair wishing his time was over already, but since he hadn’t heard the timer he knew it wasn’t just yet. Snape walked passed his again, and he looked at him pleadingly but the man didn’t cave and he sighed.

“Only 1 minute left child,” Severus said in passing as he cleaned up the sitting room.

Harry wiggled around even more; this was feeling like the longest minute of his life. He wanted to rinse his mouth out now and be done with it. Just when it felt like he couldn’t do it the timer went off and he sighed in relief.

“Keep the soap in your mouth Harry, and come with me,” Severus said walking towards the toilet.

Harry jumped up and quickly followed going to stand in front of the sink as he looked up at the man.

Severus grabbed the soap and gently pulled it out of Harry’s mouth before banishing it, hoping that he wouldn't have to use that again.

“You may rinse 3 times Harry,” Severus said turning on the water. Knowing that rinsing 3 times allowed the soap taste to linger a bit, so he wouldn’t forget it. It would of course be gone by morning.

Harry gratefully spit, as he cupped his hands before just putting his mouth under the tap. It felt so good to rinse that nasty taste out of his mouth. He rinsed 3 times, and although the soap taste wasn’t as strong, it was still there and he frowned.

“I can still taste it,” he said trying not to whine.

“I know, that’s the whole point. It’s so you don’t forget the taste,” Severus said gently.

“I won’t forget it ever, its nasty daddy. Please can I rinse again?” Harry asked.

“I’m sorry Harry you can’t; it’s time for bed now.” Severus said gesturing for Harry to leave the loo.

Harry sighed but otherwise said nothing as they walked to his room; he contemplated going to use the loo, but since he had did that before his bath he didn’t even have to go. He did not want to get caught rinsing his mouth. As he pulled back the covers he caught a glimpse at the clock, it was only 8:00pm, and he had a whole hour and a half left.

“It’s not even 9:30 yet,” Harry said shaking his head.

“You are going to bed early today,” Severus said picking a book from the shelf.

“Why?” Harry asked in confusion.

“Soap treatment and early bedtime, they go hand in hand,” Severus explained motioning for Harry to get into bed.

Harry sighed softly but otherwise said nothing, as Snape handed him his book, at least the man was allowing him to still read.

“You can read for 15 minutes tonight and that’s it,” he said starting for the door.

Harry frowned he spoke to soon, all this for a swear word. He wondered what Snape would do if he were to curse Malfoy or something.

“I’m sorry I was bad,” Harry said quietly.

“I know you are I’m sorry I had to punish you,” Severus replied.

“Can you read to me?” Harry asked almost inaudibly he was almost sure the man hadn’t heard him.

“Of course Harry,” Severus replied, picking up Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.

Harry smiled as Snape read, and found he was drifting off to sleep much quicker then he thought he would. The pleasant tones of his father’s voice, encircled around him making him feel safe and protected and he slept deeply and peacefully.

*243*2012-03-11 06:28

{{: 

Great chapter...was glad to see another update :)

}}

Thank you so much, yea it had been a few days. ;) Thanks for reading

{{: 

Omigosh I just loved it, betcha Harry will watch what he say now? lol

This is great and I can't wait until the next chappie.

}}

Lol I think your right, I sure as heck wouldnt...then again I speak from experience..soap is gross lol

{{: 

Wow! I can't cuss, and say what a ... good chapter this is, because Snape will conjure soap into my mouth too. (grin) Kidding.

But this is a great chapter!

}}

Lol, thank you so much :)

*246*2012-03-12 01:58

{{: 

Good chapter...again ! I hope to see a bit of omorashi next time ! I miss Harry's wetting...

}}

{{:

Great chapter again, but like Valandrea said I also hope to see a bit of omorashi next time.

Also I would like to say that I think is great that you are keeping this up for already 40 chapters. That's simply amazing!

}}

Well I tend to have the omo every other chapter so I know it was due in this one, but the chapter as I said ran away from me. Think of this and the next chapter of him having a bit of a dry spell, he will get wet soon enough. Pun totally intended lol. Starting at chapter 42 the omo is going to be back to back full force...which is saying something because I'm already working on chapter 44. I just ask you guys to be a little bit more patient is all.

Thanks for reviewing and such I never meant for it to get this long, but I'm simply addicted to writing this fanfic.. :)

*247*2012-03-12 08:40

I know the past 2-3 chapters have been without omo but it is coming back, in the next couple of chapters after this one. I didnt want it to seem like I was repeating an omo scene from earlier so I used his visit to the Weasleys as a way to play around with the desperation and such. Anyways thanks you guys for being so patient and the next update will be in about 2 days.

Chapter 41

Harry woke up to find that the taste of soap was gone from his mouth, and he was glad that everything was forgiven. He had never had anyone to read to him before Snape and although he could read just fine, it made him feel quite loved when the man did it. Rushing to the bathroom to do his morning duties, he couldn’t wait until he got to Ron’s house.

While Harry was excited, the next morning had Severus double checking to make sure that Harry had everything packed inside his bag. He put an extra goodnight in his bag just in case before grabbing Harry’s stuffed dog and packing it as well. Though he wanted Harry to have a sense of independence he was still a bit nervous himself about letting the child go. He placed the bag by the fireplace as they went to have breakfast, he could see that Harry was excited and for that he was glad. Breakfast finished quickly and soon enough it was time for Harry to go to the Weasleys. Severus put the bag on his shoulder and grabbed the floo powder only to find Harry frowning at the ground.

“Come on Harry, let’s go,” He said a bit confused.

“Can…can I floo by myself?” Harry asked softly, inside his heart was pounding and his palms were slick with sweat

Severus raised an eyebrow in question wasn’t it just yesterday when Harry was scared at the thought of flooing alone. What exactly changed?

“Do you want too?” He asked watching his reaction closely.

Harry was unable to stop the shaking of his head in the negative. He wasn’t ready to go alone, but he had to be brave. He had to summon up that Gryffindor courage he didn’t want anyone to make fun of him.

“What’s wrong Harry?” Severus asked walking towards him.

“I’m 13, I’m supposed to be able to floo alone,” he replied blinking away the sudden tears.

“You did floo alone, and you ended up in an awful place. Harry it’s ok to be scared, you can floo alone when you’re ready, not when you think you should be.” Severus explained gently.

“What if they make fun of me for being a baby?” Harry asked pulling his arm across his face.

“Then they shall have to answer to me,” Severus said evenly, pulling out his handkerchief and handing it to Harry.

Harry breathed a sigh of relief as he wiped his face, everyone was afraid of Snape. He wasn’t anymore but everyone else still was. He was glad that he was there to protect him.

“What if…” But Harry’s question was interrupted.

“No more what ifs Harry, I promise you nothing is going to happen child.” Severus cut in gently, but firmly.

Harry wanted to ask one more. What if he needed Snape in the night? What was he supposed to do then? He was starting to have his doubts, but he didn’t want Snape to think his new son was a coward so he kept those feelings to himself.

“Are you ready now?” Severus asked a bit impatiently as he walked back into the fireplace.

“I need the loo first,” Harry replied stalling a bit about as he turned back to go.

“Just use it there child,” Severus said trying to keep the exasperation out of his tone.

“But I gotta go now,” Harry answered bouncing slightly.

“Harry it only takes about a minute to floo, you can use the toilet when we get there.” Severus said calmly though he was anything but.

“I can’t wait,” Harry said holding his crotch for emphasis.

“Harry I’m sure you can wait, now stop stalling and let’s go.” Severus said with more patience then he actually felt. He knew that Harry was probably a bit nervous and scared if his questions were anything to go by. Severus sighed, not liking this tactic in the slightest.

“Dad I’m gonna wet my trousers,” Harry said suddenly before freezing in place for a moment.

“Go to the loo then child,” Severus finally said sighing before glancing up at the ceiling in disbelief and shaking his head. Apparently this wasn’t a stalling tactic like he originally thought and he hoped he hadn’t cause anything unfortunate to happen.

Harry ran to the loo, he had a slight urge to go but it was nothing serious like he told Snape. Since he wasn’t going to be home and he didn’t know when he would get the chance to go at the Weasleys he was practicing caution for once. He quickly peed, trying to push it all out so he wouldn’t have to go anytime soon. He hurried back to the sitting room, knowing that Snape probably wasn’t in a good mood anymore.

“Feel better Harry?” Severus asked when he came back in.

“I do and I’m sorry,” Harry mumbled, he had been a bit of a pain. He wondered if Snape would still be ok with it, if he knew that Harry didn’t actually have to go that bad.

“It’s alright child, when you gotta go, you gotta go.” Severus replied, getting back into the fireplace.

They disappeared in the flames only to reappear in the Weasleys sitting room. Like usual Molly was the only one who was there waiting for them.

“Hello Mrs. Weasley,” Harry said cheerfully.

“Hello Harry dear, the kids are outside since Charlie and Bill are arriving any minute now.” She said gesturing for him to go out as well.

“I’ll pick you up tomorrow Harry,” Severus said waving slightly.

Harry felt something strange in his stomach, and for a moment it felt like a lump was in his throat. He swallowed hard before walking over and hugging the man, breathing in the smell of potions on his robes.

“Love you daddy, don’t forget k?” Harry whispered from within his hug.

“I won’t child, I’ll be here. I love you too,” Severus replied waiting for Harry to pull out of the hug.

Harry gave Snape’s midsection one last squeeze before he pulled away, face flushing red at his embarrassment.

“Go play.” Severus said gently giving him a push.

Harry smiled before running out the door to let Ron know he was here.

“Molly there are some things you need to know about Harry and his sleeping habits.” Severus started off quickly.

“Severus I have 7 children, 6 of which are boys; I can assure you I have seen it all.” She said gently.

“I know you have but I still feel like I should give you a heads up.” He said.

“I understand, go on dear.” She said hiding a smile at his over protectiveness.

“He’s afraid of the dark, and he tends to get up in the middle of the night for the toilet. Would it be too much trouble to leave a light on in the loo for him?”

“I do that anyway for my 2 youngest, Ron is the same way though he won’t admit it.” Molly said nodding her head.

“Thank you Molly, if there is any trouble floo me and I will come.”Severus said.

“I will Severus but Harry will be fine, don’t you worry.” She said soothingly.

Severus nodding wondering if he should tell her of Harry’s bedwetting; but he decided against it wanting to keep his word. He handed her the pack and went back through the flames to Hogwarts. His quarters were quiet like usual when Harry went to the Weasleys only this time, if felt different probably because he hadn’t been really alone since he got Harry. It was strangely comforting and though he missed the presence of Harry, he knew he had a lot of work to do. So Severus headed to his potions lab, wanting to get most of them done tonight and tomorrow that way they could finish their trip before school started.

