Poor her - Page 5

Author: largebio

*100*2018-08-12 11:37

Laura is heading to the movie theatre. There's a new guy in her class, really cute, so she didn't hesitate when he asked her out. They're gonna watch a film and have dinner afterwards.

She hugs the guy, John, as they enter the theatre. They're gonna see the new Mission Impossible, which - including preshow commercials - is gonna take 3 hours.

"Can I get you anything to drink", John asks.

"Cola please", Laura answers.

John orders two large colas and a gigantic popcorn for the to share and they make their way to the seats.

After an hour and a half, it's break time and Laura - feeling a small twinge in her bladder - debates whether she should use the toilet. But holding John's hand, she decides to wait and get to know him better.

After fifteen minutes the film resumes for its final 90 minutes. After the film ends, the two get up to go to the restaurant they made a reservation.

Laura's bladder is now quite full, and she decides to stop at the bathroom. But seeing the line in front of it, she quickly changes her mind.

"I'll go at the restaurant", she thinks to herself.

But while walking over to the restaurant, the two get wound up in a conversation and she doesn't want to stop it just to use the loo.

They order food and drinks, Laura has a glass of wine and they share a bottle of water.

Laura is absolutely spellbound, listening to John talking about his life.

She manages to hide her desperation quite well, constantly shifting her legs under the table, but keeping her upper body still.

The two share their first kiss just as their first course arrives.

They slowly eat it and as their plates are cleared after 20 minutes, Laura knows she won't be able to hold on much longer.

She excuses herself and races to the toilets. Gravity isn't her friend and she discretely holds herself through her dress. Her black dress that is showing off her big boobs and nice ass.

Seeing the toilets, she leaks a little into her black knickers. She desperately tries to open the door, but it's locked.

"Occupied", a woman says through the door.

Pee-pee dancing, Laura tries to hold on to her aching bladder. But as she hears the door unlocking, trickles of pee run down her legs, into her shoes with heels and onto the floor.

She quickly moves into the stall and hikes her dress, her knickers are already soaked. With them still on, she sits on the toilet emptying her bladder and softly crying.

Once her bladder is empty, she debates what to do. She's utterly emberassed, but also really likes John. So she eventually decides to go back to him.

"What happened", John asks seeing Laura visibly upset.

"I think honesty is very important, so I well tell you," she says as she starts to tell the story.

"If you think I'm gross and you wanna leave now, you can. I understand", she finishes.

"Don't worry. I'll be honest too, I think it's kinda cute", John says.

"Really?", Laura asks surprised.

"Yeah, and you're way to hot and kind to leave you because of it", he answers.

Relieved, Laura calms down a bit. The rest of the date goes wonderful and Laura asks if John wants to come to her place to hang out some more.

"My parents aren't home, so it's just me and my sister", she says.

John doesn't hesitate at all and they head to Laura's home.

There, they both take the opportunity to relieve their bladders. After a while, they head to Laura's bedroom where things get more intimate.

TO BE CONTINUED

*104*2018-08-13 19:31

Warning! The following chapter involves sexual acts.

The next morning Laura wakes up with a full bladder. She’s lying in John’s arms, a position she much enjoys. So instead of getting up, she decides to enjoy the moment and stays in bed.

Half an hour later, she’s squirming in bed. Just then, John wakes up.

“You’re just as gorgeous in the morning as you were last night”, he says with a smile on his face.

“Thanks! You look great too”, Laura says, shyly giggling.

She rolls over to face him and kisses him passionately. “Last night was amazing”, she whispers in his ear.

“We could make this morning just as amazing”, John replies.

“I don’t wanna be a buzz-kill, but I really should go pee first. I don’t wanna pee all over you”, Laura says with a disappointed voice.

She crawls out of bed and races to the bathroom, only to find it locked.

“It’s gonna be a while”, Natalia says through the door. “Ohh and a little tip, if mom and dad are home, don’t moan as loudly as you did last night. I could hear you in my room”.

“Oops. That’s emberassing”, Laura thinks to herself as she walks back to her room, not wanting to wait outside.

“That was fast”, John says seeing the naked Laura entering her room.

“Yeah, my sister was in there. Doing number two I guess”, Laura laughs. “So where were we?”

“We were gonna make this morning just as great as last night”, John says smoothly.

“We were, but I really do have to go pee first”, Laura replies. “You said last night it was kinda cute I wet myself, right?”

“Yeah”, John says surprised, not sure where this is going.

Laura finds her knickers from last night. They still faintly smell of pee, but she puts them on anyway. Then, she digs through her clothes, looking for an old pair of skinny jeans. She puts them on over her knickers.

Finally, she grabs a towel laying in her room, folds it in half. She lays it on the floor and stands on it.

Naked from the waste up, she relaxes her bladder muscles.

With the cute audience, it takes a while for her stream to start going. But after some attempts, her knickers, jeans and towel are thoroughly soaked. Some pee has even overflowed onto the floor.

“Ooopsie, I think I had another accident”, she says with a childish voice.

John sits just stunned in awe, his soft dick swiftly hardening.

“Looks like someone is enjoying the view”, Laura says suddenly sounding much more mature and naughty, seeing John’s dick grow.

“I think we need to take care of that”, she says as the last drops exit her pussy.

She takes her knickers and jeans back off and jumps into the bed, onto John.

“Now let’s make this morning even better than last night”, she says.

TO BE CONTINUED

*108*2018-09-10 19:05

Laura and John have been together for a while now and Laura has wet herself in front of him a couple more times. But today, she’s planning something more daring.

Throughout the morning, Laura has been drinking plenty of water. She’ll be meeting John for lunch, and she wants to be bursting by then.

She arrives at John’s house, he’s home alone so they can have all the fun they want.

Laura sits through lunch, hiding the fact that she needs to pee.

“Let’s go to the park”, she suggests after lunch.

“Sure”, John says. Just as Laura hoped.

She’s wearing a light t-shirt, and black jeans. Perfect for what she’s planning.

They head to the park and stroll around for an hour. By now Laura is desperate to pee, and John notices.

“There’s a public bathroom nearby, you know”, he says.

“Thanks. But I’ll be fine till we get back to your place”, she replies.

Fifteen minutes later, the love birds sit down on a bench overlooking the duck pond. The ducks create splashing sounds, increasing Laura’s urge.

She leaks, but discretely manages to stop the flow. Her knickers are damp around her butt and pussy. She is approaching her limit, fast.

Minutes later, she leaks again. But this time, she makes no effort to stop it.

A cascading noise catches John’s attention: “Are you wetting yourself?”

Laura nodds and smile cheekily.

“But there are people around, what if they see?”

“They’re far away. And besides, why do you think I’m wearing black jeans?”

“So you planned this?”, John asks rhetorically, unable to hide the bulge in his pants.

“Yeah. And you seem to like it”, Laura answers.

“Absolutely, I love you”, John says.

“I love you too”, Laura says before kissing her boyfriend.

As soon as she finishes peeing, they race back to John’s home to take care of her other needs.

TO BE CONTINUED

*112*2018-11-26 20:43

Emma and Ellen sit on Ellen’s bed playing Mario Kart Wii. For hours they are vigourously racing eachother for first place finishes.

By now Emma has 12 and Ellen 8. And in between races, the girls have kept themselves well hydrated.

Ellen manages to win their 21st race, whilst feeling her bladder filling up.

“Better go to the bathroom soon”, she thinks to herself.

But after also winning the next two races, she feels like she can tie her sister, and not wanting to break her winning streak, she decides to ignore the ever growing pressure in her abdomen.

Her winning streak breaks nonetheless, and the sisters alternate wins over the next few races.

When the score’s at 15-14, Ellen notices her sister squirming.

“Looks like I’m not the only one in need of a break”, she thinks to herself, “I’ll just wait until she asks to pause”.

Emma can feel her bladder’s full to the brim and decides to sit on her heel to relieve some of the pressure, which works for a limited amount of time.

With the score now at 16-15 - still in Emma’s favour - the sisters have to focus more and more on keeping their pee in and thus focus less on racing.

In their 32nd race, neither finishes first because of this.

“But I finished in front of you, so it still counts!”, Ellen says.

“Fair enough”, Emma says. “So it’s all square now”, she continues while squirming.

“Looks like you need to pee”, Ellen says.

“Kinda. But I’m fine for now”.

“Okay. Just please don’t wet my bed”, Ellen replies, also squirming.

“Just make sure you don’t either”, Emma says teasingly.

Four races later, it is again tied. And Ellen is bouncing around. As she tries to concentrate on the start of the next race, she feels some spurts escaping. She clenches her muscles, but throughout the first lap, she loses more and more.

By the time she finishes her first lap - dead last - a hissing sound is clearly audible. A puddle is forming on the sheets below her. Her white knickers are drenched, and so is the upper half of her pink pyjama bottoms. The puddle spreads towards her sister, wetting the side of her PJs as well.

“Hey. You’re peeing on me too”, Emma laughs.

“Sorry”, Ellen replies sarcastically.

But the wetness and laughter cause Emma to spurt as well. Instinctively, she grabs herself with one hand. A silly mistake, she realises as she drives off limits.

She quickly grabs her controller again, causing her to fully lose control.

And hence, both sisters manage to wet themselves within a minute’s time of eachother.

They continue to play in their wet clothes for another hour, until they’re fed up with it and decide to clean.

The result at the end? 25 to 25

TO BE CONTINUED

*115*2018-12-10 20:12

Natalia and Laura are on their way to a festival. They have long been looking forward to some sisterly quality time together.

Upon arriving at the festival grounds they try to find a spot to put up their tent. They spend an hour putting it up before heading towards one of the stages.

On their way, they pass the festival’s port-a-potties, and for a second Laura doubts if she should use them. But seeing the queue she decides not to.

The girls get some beers and enjoy music by some local band.

After an hour Laura regrets her decision to not go pee as she’s feeling quite desperate now. She glances over at the port-a-potties and the line has only grown longer.

Hiding her desperation in her dance moves, she contemplates her next move.

“Shall I just go and join the line?”, she asks herself. “Or hold it?”

But her naughty mind takes over: “why don’t I just go right here?”

Trying to be as inconspicuous as possible, she tries to relax her sphincter muscles without ceasing to dance.

After a few minutes, she succeeds and small rivulets of urine flow down her legs.

Laura glances over at her sister, who seems to be too occupied by the music to notice anything.

TO BE CONTINUED

*117*2018-12-11 20:54

“Love this band”, Natalia says.

“Huh?”, Laura replies, too occupied with releasing more urine into her knickers.

“I said, I love th.... are you seriously peeing yourself?”

”I love this band, and I didn’t wanna miss a second. Seeing I’m wearing a dress, I figured I’d do it as inconspicuous as possible”, Laura answers calmly.

Indeed, her dress is still dry, and - apart from her sister - nobody notices anything.

After the band finishes it’s gig, the girls head over to another stage. By now, the sun is starting to set and the girls approach a stage where a DJ is playing.

The sisters are on their so manieth beer and are feeling quite intoxicated.

“I gotta go again” Laura says, letting another stream of urine go into her knickers and down her legs. “I’m amazed you still don’t have too”

In all honesty, Natalia is dying for a wee, but wearing light blue jean shorts she doesn’t want to wet herself like her sister.

“I kinda have too”, she lies to her sister. “But the music’s too good to leave now”.

The sisters dance for another half hour, until Natalia can no longer hide her desperation.

“You might wanna go now, the queue’s pretty long”, Laura says.

“Actually, I got another plan”

Darkness has now well and truly set in, and under it’s cover Natalia feels comfortable letting go in her shorts.

“You naughty little girl”, Laura giggles.

“What? When a girl’s gotta go, a girl’s gotta go”, Natalia answers.

Natalia plan works a charm, the lack of daylight helps covering her wet pants from being clearly visible. And no other person than her sister seems to be none the wiser.

TO BE CONTINUED

*120*2018-12-16 13:51

The next day, Natalia is better prepared for a full a bladder.Like her sister she's wearing a short dress and bikini. Perfect for peeing in places other than toilets.

Indeed, not long after lunch the girls need to relieve themselves. They retreat to a somewhat quieter area, spread their legs and let go. A wise decision, as the lines at the port-a-potties is already quite long.

Around dinner time the sisters have wet themselves twice more and are now heading back to their tent for a short break.

"Glad we don't have to stand in that line", Laura says.

"It's endless", Natalia confirms.

In the seemingly endless line, some people are quite desperate. Some guys have decided to piss in the bushes behind the port-a-potties, attracting the attention of many young ladies, including the sisters. And every ten seconds, another guy seems to decide to not wait any longer too.

This is much to the many girls in line, dying for a pee. Some are doing pee-pee dances, trying to hide them by 'dancing' to the music. Then, the sisters spot a group of girls talking, with one girl in particular drawing attention.

The girl is hardly standing still and even slightly grabbing herself every now and then.

"She's in some real trouble", Laura says.

"I feel for her though, there's still plenty of people in front of her", Natalia adds.

Another girl in the group points at the guys hanging their willy out, as if she were to say she should squat there. But the desperate girl obviously doesn't want to.

Trying to remain inconspicuous, Laura and Natalia move in closer, close enough to be able to hear the group of girls talk.

"Look Veronica, you're obviously not gonna make it. Just be sensible", one of the girls says.

"I...I...I'll be fine", Veronica stammers.

But a mere minute later, Natalia and Laura can clearly see some wetness at the back of her pinks slacks.

Tears well up in Veronica's eyes and her friends quickly understand what's happened.

"Come on. Let's just go and squat. If you don't know how to, I'll show you", one of the girls says, taking Veronica by her free hand.

Slowly, Veronica follows her friend towards the bushes, and they try to find a spot not too close to any of the guys.

Another spurt further dampens her slacks. "Come on, hurry", her friend says. ""Here's okay?".

Sobbing softly, Veronica nodds. Another spurt, this one turning into a very slow trickle.

"Okay, so first pull your slacks and knickers to your knees. The move your butt down and backwards and slightly lean forwards", the friend says as she's doing the steps herself, releasing her own bladder's content onto the ground.

Veronica, still slowly peeing herself, follows her friends lead. But as soon as she removes her hand from her crotch, the slow trickle turns into a full on waterfall.

Softly weeping, Veronica fully empties her bladder into her knickers and slacks, forming a puddle on the ground - mingling with her friend's.

With empty bladders, the two girls - one soaked, one dry - head back to their friends.

"Can we please go back to our tents, so I can change?", Veronica asks.

"After we went in the port-a-potties", the other three girls say.

"I feel sorry for her", Natalia says as the sisters head on to their tent.

"Yeah, poor her".

TO BE CONTINUED

*124*2018-12-23 13:57

As the sisters walk the final stretch to their tent, they notice poor Veronica isn't the only girl to have had an accident.

"Wonder what the story behind that is", Laura says, pointing at a girl with an obvious wet bottom.

"Or behind her wet shorts", Natalia says, noticing another woman with wetness visible.

"Sometimes I wonder whether there are other girls like us, wetting themselves because they can't be bothered to stand in line", Laura adds.

"And whether they planned it, wearing dresses to hide it", Natalia smiles.

As the girls get back to their tent, they eat and drink something before heading back towards the stages.

While enjoying the music, both wet themselves as they feel the urge to pee. Nobody notices anything, but their question from earlier that day is soon answered.

"See that?", Natalia asks her sister.

"Yes".

The legs of a girl near them are glistening in the fading sunlight, and the dirt below her is significantly darker than in other places.

"She's definitely peeing", Laura continues.

"We're obviously not the only ones wetting themselves on purpose", Natalia nodds.

The rest of the night, the sisters dance, drink and pee to their hearts' desire. And as the last of the stages closes down for the night, everyone still standing returns towards the campsite.

The sisters decide not to return immediately, but instead halt not too far away from the port-a-potties.

"Wow, the queue is even longer than before", Natalia says.

Indeed, the queue has grown to unbelievable proportions, despite it being almost exclusively woman standing inline. Most men have decided to urinate in the bushes, and some girls have decided to squat there too.

Some girls in line seem pretty desperate, dancing from foot to foot and fidgeting.

"Let's observe the line a little longer", Laura says.

"Kinda pervy, isn't it? But hell yeah, I wanna see another accident", Natalia says smiling.

The girls don't have to wait long, as soon they see a girl frantically pee-pee-dancing, with still two dozen others in front of her.

Not much later, she buries a hand in her crotch, begging the girls in front of her to hurry up.

But to not much avail, as a mere two minutes later, Laura and Natalia - despite the lack of much light - can see the girl's shorts dampening.

"I feel sorry for her, but it's kinda hot to watch", Laura says.

"Totally, but seeing it has made me much more aware of my own need", Natalia says cheekily, as she spreads her legs to relieve herself.

Laura smiles, and decides to pee too, before the sisters head back to their tent for a well deserved night's rest.

TO BE CONTINUED

