Jelex's Mission

Author: Infernal

*000*2010-11-15 13:09

So this is something I wrote some time ago that really doesn't have much in the way of any kind of back story or front story or anything else besides just being a one-shot wetting story. It features Jelex, one of the original characters I often use in stories and roleplays and the like, and she gets put through a couple of weird situations while attempting to be sneaky and spy-like. One of my favorite scenarios is spy desperation and wetting torment, so I just wrote something up, and... well, let's see how it goes.

The story contains some mild body modifications (i.e. her boobs grow in the course of the story, not to any ridiculous proportions), sexual situations, and obviously a fair bit of wetting and pee-holding. At any rate, let's give this a go. Hope you enjoy. ^^

###

"Let's begin. Get the procedure started."

The command, delivered by a uniform figure who remained enveloped in shadow mostly due to the low light in the command room, was acknowledged with a series of nods and a reply was delivered by the tech in charge of that station. "Nanomachines active. Ready to control expansion, contraction and muscle twitch. Standing by." This was received with a curt nod, as the master display on the room's main screen showed an outline of a female figure, with certain areas broken down and zoomed in upon for closer inspection.

On the master display, the size of the figure's bladder, which was given its own specific readout to the side, expanded over a period of thirty seconds to double its previous size, then slowly contracted to the size of a tennis ball, then resumed its original shape. "Testing successful." The uniformed figure nodded his approval, then turned to a different section, this one with an actual model replica of the bladder which had just been manipulated, without the knowledge of the bladder's actual owner.

"Fill by two hundred fifty milliliters. That's two-five-zero milliliters." The fill section acknowledged, and a specially crafted bottle of sterile water was fitted to an opening in the top of the model bladder, which was made of transparent plastic. Precisely two hundred and fifty milliliters was emptied, which settled in the plastic model and then waited. "Good. Singularity section, prepare for transferral." Without comment the command was acknowledged by a nod, and a console set next to the fill section was operated on, the model seeming to hum gently and vibrate for a minute... when the vibration finished, the inside of the model bladder was as dry as a bone, and on the master tactical display, the bladder's capacity increased by exactly that amount.

Smirks and chuckles swept quietly through the team as the control section adjusted the size downward, so that suddenly that amount of liquid was a dire, pressing concern, before letting it spring back to its normal size. Other biological data had shown a sudden spike in heart rate and a strong response sent to the section of the brain controlling the need to urinate. The commander smiled, but spoke up over the buzz: "Enough with the fooling around." He hesitated a moment, then issued his command: "Let's send her to the pisser a few times."

Quiet chuckles greeted that command. The fill section queued up a liter of water, which was transferred, and the control section neatly fitted the bladder to hold just barely more than that amount... The response was, again, near instantaneous, but without the artificial relief granted before. Though they couldn't see what was actually happening, it wasn't hard to imagine their subject making a beeline for the toilet, pulling down her pants... and sure enough, the amount listed in the bladder drained rapidly until it was reading only trace amounts.

"Give her five minutes, then put in one-point-five liters worth of soda." The fill section changed their container; knowing their subject's habits, they had at least five times as much soda as any other liquid on hand, although coffee was strongly represented, along with sports drink. The five minutes passed quickly, the men chatting quietly at their terminals, now that the initial stress was past and the orders given. It was a relief to see things working as they were intended to, which was always the source of most of the pre-mission tension... The commander looked over at the fill section when the time was up, and seeing that they had loaded the liquid in question, nodded for the transfer to begin.

"Commander, vibe section." A hand went up from one of the stations still idle. "Request permission to calibrate instruments." The commander thought it over. On the one hand, it was clearly a veiled attempt at asking to be allowed to tease her. On the other hand, it would be prudent to make sure all instruments were working for when they were needed... He nodded permission, and so when the master display showed one and a half liters nicely settling into the bladder, which had been expanded just enough to make room, the subject's responses blipped again as she presumably ran for the toilet.

This time, however, the vibe section set in motion a command which resulted in the massage of her kegal muscles, which loosened them just enough for the team to see a squirt, no more than a few milliliters, escape the bladder, and a sudden pause in the frantic movement of the subject. The vibration, which had stopped, started again, this time massaging the ring of muscle responsible for holding closed the bladder, and another small amount escaped. The rapid motion - suggestive of running - started again, and more chuckles filled the room. When the bladder's contents began to drain, however, the control section enforced a semi-contraction upon the muscles, so that instead of voiding herself in one quick go, the subject's urine streamed out consistently over a period of thirty seconds.

"All right, that's enough testing." As amusing as it was to send the girl running for the toilet on a whim, the commander knew that to keep it up now would only invite later problems. "We're going to have to keep things under control when the mission starts for real, understood? As it currently stands the implementation is only partial, and we can't complete it if she calls things off and doesn't go." Heads nodded; that was something they understood and were willing to exercise restraint for. Breast section and labia section were offline, terminals dark, and thirst section had only a single monitor operating for monitoring conditions. "So I want fill section to add in one hundred milliliters of water and then we're going to leave it at that for awhile. No tricks, no nudges, no 'subtle' urges to visit the toilet. Are we understood?" There were more nods. "All right. Keep things monitored. I'm going to prepare to synch with Security, so I'll be back."

###

Man, I must be really nervous... Jelex thought to herself. Just prior to the mission, she'd had to empty herself not once but twice, losing a little bit into panties that she had later changed out of the second time. But in the hour since then she'd felt fine, emptying one last time and then dressing in the all black, tight ninja suit she'd been issued for this mission...

"The compound is a Japanese castle, basic structure and layout are identical to a classic castle, though of course they have modern conveniences in there, and the underground rooms are all state of the art. You'll have to figure out how to get into the basements from ground level; we figure all the sewer-ways and air ducts are either trapped or monitored, so you'll need to find a different way. The good news is," Jelex's pre-mission briefing officer went on, "the old castle design is honeycombed with eaves and other narrow places to crawl that don't often show up on blueprints because it's just how the design is. Jelex nodded, sitting in the back seat of a helicopter that was even now whipping over the ground at low altitude, moving fast to avoid detection; it would slow only briefly to give Jelex time to drop out and make her way towards the compound. "The wall ought not to be a problem; it's there mostly for show."

He consulted another sheet of paper and cleared his throat, drinking from a canteen. "With your advanced capabilities from the suit, your agility and strength will be increased, senses heightened, and the suit will automatically adjust to hide you in shadows as best it can, as well as dampening noise. The only issue is that it doesn't take well to getting wet - small amounts of water can be absorbed without a problem, but if it gets too wet, you'll suffer a degradation in suit capability. So remember that. If they know, or suspect it, they may try to corner you with water traps." Jelex nodded, bored and unwilling to listen to an explanation she had heard three times now. "In any case, good luck. We'll be making the drop shortly..."

The helicopter flared out suddenly, and settled lower. The ground was just twenty feet below, and quick as a flash Jelex had rolled out the side of the clamshell door and, buffeted by the backwash of the rotor blades, curled up into a ball so she could roll when she hit the ground, spreading the shock of impact around. The helicopter rose into the night and sped away once she had gotten free, and then she was alone, in a clearing about fifty yards distant from the castle that rose majestically into the sky, lit by the quarter moon. No moon would have been preferable, but that would have meant a month's wait, and that was not possible. The nanomachine technology experiments had to be captured or destroyed before then; intelligence indicated they were frightfully close to completion, and no one was quite sure what they could do with it.

Jelex moved forward. As promised, she simply proceeded over the ground, moving with the wind and shuffling quietly through the grass, and met the white stone wall which was not only low but provided a convenient handhold in its sloping pagoda roof. Leaping up, Jelex grabbed this and swung herself on top of it, then began to run in the direction of the gatehouse. There were two guards out front, but Jelex ignored them and slid down to the inner compound, crouching in a stand of bushes. No one there. Moving swiftly, she darted from cover to cover, staying clear of the lake and its carp, making her way up the stone terraced gardens to the main castle. This, too, was guarded, but skirting around the edge of it, Jelex found a hole in the castle wall, low to the ground, covered only by bamboo, which was easy enough to remove to make room to wiggle through, and then replace behind her. A low, dark passage stretched out in front of her, but it was as good a place to start as any.

###

"She's inside," one of the techs reported. This close to the source of their operation, the nanomachines could be used to track her location, and so they hardly needed security cameras. The commander nodded, glancing at the master display, and then turned to the fill section.

"Let's make her a little less comfortable. Half a liter of coffee," he ordered.

###

Man, I kinda gotta pee now... it's gonna be a bitch getting this suit off if I have to go, Jelex groused to herself. Rubbing her belly against the wooden floor had been kind of pleasant, in a way, because the wood was just rough enough to provide some friction while not being so rough as to hurt. But it had probably also gotten her body started on some processes she'd have rather kept under control. But no matter. Tightening her inner muscles, Jelex proceeded forward, pleased to see that the passage seemed to be heading downward... it had sloped downward the entire time, like a ramp, and when she came to another barred passage, it was easy enough to remove that one and sneak out, crouching in the bowl-shaped depression in one corner of the floor... A noise, slight but audible, caught Jelex's ear, and she didn't move at first, trying to identify it... it was coming from where she had just been...

Rain, she realized a minute later. The passage she had just taken was now covered in water flowing downward, filling the stone bowl she was standing in. It was fortunate she'd gotten out when she had, but it also meant that she couldn't leave that way... no matter. Standing slowly upright, Jelex looked at her surroundings... it seemed like an old-style prison, with a central walkway and four iron-barred cells to either side, which were empty at the current moment. The cells looked easy enough to defeat, and so were probably flavor; they wouldn't hold back a determined prisoner with even crude modern tools for very long. The hallway was empty, lit only by a lamp at the far end. Jelex proceeded that way, seeing the passage go on further.

Suddenly, in the middle of the hall, she turned, just in time to see a figure land right beside her and attack with two blunted rods. Tonfa... how odd. But Jelex didn't have much time to reflect on her foe's odd choice of weaponry; arching her back, she dodged the brunt of the blow, feeling the rod skim across the top of her stomach. Is it vibrating?? Jelex , bent low, tried to sweep her attacker's legs out from under her, and connected, forcing her to go to one knee and roll away, allowing them both a chance to stand and get into position. Jelex was unarmed, but that was all right with her.

Her foe held only the tonfa that she could see... a red ribbon tied back dark brown hair into a long ponytail, and Jelex grinned. A tactical mistake. The ribbon was more easily seen than the rest of her foe, serving as a giveaway. Her foe charged, feinting with her weapons, forcing Jelex back, although receiving some stinging counterattacks as Jelex punished her by forcing the weapons to hit the wall or the ceiling when she had the chance, nudging a forearm here or pressing down on a wrist there, but the other hand was too swift in retribution for her to leverage that and make a stronger attack.

Everything was carried out in silence, save for the slight punctuation of breathing and the noise of feet, hands, and tonfa hitting various objects. Her foe was relentless, and even glancing blows seemed to unnerve Jelex. There was something about those weapons... Backing up, Jelex suddenly sprang off the wall and attacked her foe with a swift kick, which was met with crossed tonfas as a block. Just what she'd wanted; using those as a stepping-stone, she swung her other foot viciously at her foe's head, only narrowly missing her, but swiping the ribbon out of her hair and causing it to fall loose. Then her foe pushed forward, flinging Jelex away from her, and causing the elf to crash into a wall, temporarily dazed.

Pressing the advantage, she attacked, and her tonfa came right for Jelex's stomach... Attempting to block, Jelex was too slow, and took both blows in the gut. Except, the attacks slowed at the very last second, not hurting much more than a push might have, but the rods were vibrating... and that agitated Jelex's bladder, something she had forgotten about in the adrenaline of the fight.

###

"Getting an outside response," the vibe team reported. "External vibration centered on the abdominal area. Not optimally placed, but accompanied by significant kinetic force."

"That must be Kuchi," the commander observed. "All right, keep everything secure, but do nothing. Let's see how this turns out."

"Bladder response increasing slightly," a voice reported.

###

Jelex's surprise at the odd behavior of the tonfa made her hesitate long enough to have the other female flip her over her shoulder and onto her back. Swiftly, the ninja crossed her tonfas, placing them across Jelex's wrists, and then placing her weight on them to keep Jelex's arms pinned. Jelex's legs curled up, attempting to kick, and in a brief sparring battle Jelex's feet attacked her assailant's face and torso, fighting upside down and trying to force her foe to back off the attack. But then her legs were grabbed and pulled further, her foe exploiting Jelex's flexibility, and Jelex was curved around into a ball, her feet planted on the floor near her hands, and then entwined in her foe's legs... it wouldn't last long, but her foe had something else in mind.

A canteen was swiftly produced, the cap unscrewed, and Jelex's nose held while the mouth of it was placed between her lips. Something sweet started flowing into her throat... sports drink? It seemed bizarre, but if she didn't drink, she'd choke, and so the entire thing was chugged down in a few seconds' time, and only then did her foe back off, retrieve her tonfa, and suddenly leap for the ceiling...

Jelex almost called out, but restrained herself, rubbing her sore wrists and wondering what that had been about, continuing the way she had been going, but now more alert. They knew she was here, if not exactly where she was... and what had been with that drink? Aside from making her need to pee a little more, but that was not a big problem. Not yet.

###

"Successful infusion of additional nanomachines," a tech reported. "Breast section fully on-line. Monitoring capabilities established for labia section. Three hundred extra milliliters added." The commander nodded approval and gave the order which he knew his men would approve of:

"I've got an idea. We're going to play a little game of false association. Fill section, put a liter of soda in there. Control section, tighten up. We're going to make this girl wet her pants."

###

Some time later, Jelex found herself standing before a modern steel security door and grumbling. It'd be nice to take a pee about now... But that couldn't be helped, and thus far she hadn't seen a toilet. If she saw one, her first stop was going to be there... Her legs crossed and she bent over, gasping softly, as the pee urge steadily seemed to go from bad to worse. Like it was going right through her... why was this happening? But she didn't have the time to ponder it. This steel door was in her way, and she had to pee ridiculously bad.

Her bladder was throbbing all of the sudden, and Jelex had to jam her hands in between her legs in order to hold back, tightening her kegal muscles and strengthening her core like she had been taught. It helped a little, and she turned her attention to the door again. There was a scanner to the side of the door. No keypad to guess at or play tricks with. No vents that she could see which might allow bypass; the stone corridor of the castle had ended in this room, which was shiny new metal and ceramic flooring. It was the right place, but how to get in?

Voices! Jelex heard voices from beyond the door, and she flattened herself into the corner as best as she could, trying to stay still... but her bladder was getting more insistent, her kegals straining to keep the load of pee inside, knees pressed together. All in all it wasn't a very stealthy setup... and yet, to her great fortune, a pair of guards walked through the door, not even turning back as she scrambled to dive through it before closing. Jelex landed on her stomach, but scrambled to her feet, grimacing as a little drop of pee leaked out from the shock. It was ridiculous... she had to pee so badly! Why had it all the sudden come upon her like -

There! The sign for a bathroom... well, to be more precise, the sign for a male bathroom, but Jelex was going to take a pee and to hell with propriety. She couldn't focus on the mission like this... and so she bolted for the restroom, making probably a lot of noise, but the bathroom itself was empty, and Jelex jumped into one of the cubicles, sat down on the toilet - and promptly began to pee through her pants. Shock registered on her face. "No, no!" she hissed softly, but it was too late; pee was streaming out of the black ninja suit, wetting the crotch thoroughly, soaking it, dripping down into the toilet at least, but this section of the suit was thoroughly saturated.

"Shit," she muttered to herself, once the pee had stopped about thirty seconds later... and did the top feel tighter? She pulled at it, but it must have just been her imagination, and... "Well, to hell with it. I got inside, now I can just be sneaky," Jelex said to herself, panting with relief even as she had peed through her pants. What irony, to get to the toilet and be sitting upon it and still soil oneself.

Jelex rose, stretching a bit, and frowning at how the wet suit clung to her, but before she could consider what to do about that, male voices came into the bathroom, and Jelex froze. Hide! But the stall doors had no locks... and so, just her luck, hers was the first stall door opened, and she came face-to-face with four men in body armor and visors, carrying long black batons...

"Get her!" one cried, and before she could push her way free, she was grabbed by the four men, hauled out of the stall, and then pinned up against the wall. One rubbed his baton between her legs, the one who wasn't busy keeping her pinned, and it vibrated just like the ninja's tonfa had... "Looks like someone was a little late pulling down her pants, eh?" he observed, to the amusement of the others. Jelex didn't respond, trying to ignore the stimulation between her legs, the baton rubbing against the wet material of the suit. Her strength, as she had feared, wasn't sufficient to overpower the men holding her arms and legs, and so she had no choice but to try and strengthen her resistance against it...

"Nice tits," one of them observed, groping her breasts, which elicited a moan. Were they more sensitive than she could remember? They felt bigger... the one on her other side did the same, and soon Jelex was moaning, rubbing her crotch against the vibrating rod and arching her back, her breasts being roughly groped from either side... "Let's make a deal," the one with the baton said.

"You put on a show for us, and we have our fun with you, leave, and don't raise the alarm. How's that sound?" Jelex glared at him, but knew that whatever humiliating show that she'd have to put on for them would be worth it if they didn't raise the alarm and ruin the whole mission... so she nodded, trying to block out the pleasurable sensations of them teasing her body. When the one rubbing his baton between her legs left, she was confused as to what they wanted, but he soon returned. "Drink up," he told her, tipping a canteen to her lips. It tasted sweet, just like the ninja's had. Then there was another, and another, and another, and another, until Jelex lost count and her stomach was full of liquid... which very quickly processed, filling her bladder, and causing her to struggle against their grip, trying to cross her legs.

Still in control of her, the soldiers walked her over to the stall in which she had peed herself. They made her stand over the toilet she had used, legs to either side of it, wrists handcuffed to an overhead bar. She could pee if she wanted to... it'd just go right into the toilet again, but that'd cause her suit to get wetter, and it would be best if she could hold out until these yahoos were done doing whatever it is they had in mind. "Now then..." The one who seemed to take the lead grinned. "We're starting the stopwatch now. When you pee, we stop it, and however much time you lasted before peeing is how long we'll wait before notifying the main command that there's an intruder..." Chuckles broke out from the men. They knew the girl's condition would be worse than desperate... a fact confirmed by her constant squirming and twisting in her bonds.

"Jerks!" Jelex shouted. "You said you wouldn't report if I played along!" But it was no use; the vibrating rods had already started running on her body. Two between her legs, and two on her breasts, accompanied by the groping hands of the men. Jelex moaned again; she couldn't help it, and her senses had always been heightened when her bladder was full. Closing her eyes, she temporarily drifted off somewhere else, imagining a lover's touch in this same situation, having made Jelex fill her bladder and hold it while she was teased...

The quivering of her legs and the tightness of the muscles in her body's core didn't accurately convey how badly she had to go. Her legs had been spread for the vibrating rods, and those muscles tensed up constantly, but were denied the luxury of wrapping around each other with a hand to assist. But being denied that was also pleasurable, in a way... Jelex wriggled under their touch, the vibration teasing her labia and breasts, and one abandoned his rod completely so he could grope both breasts in his hands. Jelex moaned as he whispered in her ear.

"They say that if you let your boyfriend massage your tits a lot, they'll get bigger." Jelex moaned softly, her breasts quite sensitive by this point and that just heightened by the fact that her bladder was desperately full of pee... He pinched her nipples and pulled on them, teasing her while his three companions ran their vibrating rods along her stomach and between her legs, trying to vibe the pee out of her, and yet... it was so arousing.

Jelex knew that she was in a dangerous spot; without meaning to, these men had put her in a situation where it was difficult for her to think, the pee humming and jostling in her bladder due to the effects of the vibrating rods, a small drop leaking out to stain her suit again. Jelex couldn't see that her muscles were actually being reinforced, and so her holding efforts kept back most of the pee as her bladder expanded with the introduction of yet more liquid... she was so desperate that she couldn't think properly. "Maybe if we massage your bladder a lot, it'll get bigger too."

Jelex didn't want to let her pee go. In fact, right now she wanted it to stay as it was forever, full-bladdered with that lovely desperate pressure on her kegal muscles... firm and tense right now, the fullness of her bladder rubbing against her suit, she moaned in delight and rubbed herself against the teasing rods, which stimulated her labia and clitoris pleasantly, rubbing against the still-damp suit crotch... They didn't even need to move the rods anymore, just hold them still so Jelex could grind against one, moaning louder and louder...

"D-damn it..." she whispered. "If I orgasm, I'll pee myself. But it feels too good..." The hands on her breasts, the rods on her crotch... She was going to cum and she knew it, the only question being when it would happen. The rods pressed harder against her, rubbing their blunt rounded tips against her clit. "Yessssssss..." she hissed to herself, mind fogged with the pleasure and the desire, breasts and nipples standing at firm attention for the hands of the other... "Shit, I... I.... I'm gonna cum!" Jelex screamed, tossing her head back with a howl of pleasure, rubbing herself even harder against the rods at the same time as she started to pee, urine streaming from between her legs, soaking the suit again, and then splashing in the toilet while the men watched and gave up a little cheer. But her kegals were so tight and still pushing that her pee started, and kept going, and going...

"Hey, I think her tits are getting bigger," the one with Jelex's breasts in his hands said. "Her tits get bigger when she pees herself." Jelex whimpered, lost in the relief of letting herself go, trying to say it wasn't true, but the sneaking suspicion that it was made her protest ring hollow. And indeed, in a command bunker not too far away, a technician had set a slow increase in growth, timed to coincide exactly with her peeing. The men, of course, were excited by this prospect, and though they were eager to do it again after that discovery, found that they had no available fluids to put into her system. "We need something to make her pee super fast," one observed. "Here, I have an idea. You, go to the break room and take her with you, start brewing up some coffee. You, go and grab some diuretics from the medical section. Find whatever drinks you can... I'm going to snag some superabsorbency spray and we'll all meet in the break room soon."

Jelex, once she had peed herself out and the men had all dispersed on their tasks save for the one rubbing her breasts, shook her head to clear away some of the clouds. "Ugh. You sick bastards, what the hell does it take to get you to let me go? I played along with your rules and now you're changing the game," she said, trying to kick at the man as he marched her, hands now cuffed behind her back. For his part, the soldier was wondering exactly what was with this girl; just a few minutes ago she'd been grinding herself against vibes while getting groped, then climaxed and peed herself without shame...

And now, she was calling him whatever foul thing came to mind, struggling, and resisting against him as he marched her down one corridor and took a left turn, going through a sliding door that opened into a small but comfortable room, carpeted with a few comfortable chairs and couches around a low circular table in the middle, a coffee machine on a stand at one end of the room and a TV in the opposite corner. He set her down in a chair and reconfigured the door to require a passcode before opening, and started up the coffee machine, which Jelex eyed with distaste.

"Come on. You're going to make me drink more? I already pissed myself twice... what the hell else do you want, huh? And now my tits are growing when I pee, no thanks to you," she added. She was on the cusp of D-cup breasts, having large C's right now, and there was no doubt in her mind that these goons intended not to stop until she was sporting F-cup jugs... which, she admitted to herself, would be amazingly sexy to have, but she didn't want them being the ones to give her nice bouncy breasts.

"What's gotten into you?" The man frowned, his face twisted into a look of confusion. He didn't look like a dog's ass, at the least, Jelex conceded. He was actually decent-looking and would have been better if he wasn't in that damned gray-and-black uniform trying to make her pee herself... For his part, he recalled that she had been defiant and foulmouthed when first caught, before they had made her drink the canteens. Maybe there was some correlation to that... when she had to pee, she was too busy holding to be bitchy and the sexy side of her came out.

He had no other answer, so he prepared some coffee for her and held it to her lips, pinching her nose to make her drink it, and even then she struggled against him until he virtually had to be straddling her lap, forcing her head back, nose pinched firmly while he waited for her to concede that even she needed to breathe and open her mouth so that he could get the coffee in. It'd be easier when his friends came back... unfortunately, however, the two sent to the medical section had apparently forgotten what they were supposed to be doing, and were in the midst of entertaining a pretty nurse whom they'd persuaded to take the diuretics, and now she was grinding her hips in the lap of one while the other fingered between her legs...

"Where are those other two clowns?" the titular leader of the squad, now reduced to two, asked when he came through the door, entering the usual passcode that the group used when they locked the door. In his hand he had a spray bottle of some kind and also had a bag slung over his shoulder, within which was a large quantity of soda and water bottles. The man already in the room with Jelex shrugged, and so he sighed in disgust, setting the bag down and shaking the spray can before getting to work, spraying down her legs and crotch and entire body with the spray. Jelex glared at him balefully as he put it away. "Now when she pees she won't make a mess..." They grinned, and together they worked Jelex into position to get some extra soda into her.

What neither she nor they realized was that the command bunker was now on constant-fill mode, so that the fill team was making sure to keep her nice and full while the control section made her bladder large enough to accommodate a huge pee, so that when she let go this time, her breasts would get nice and full... Jelex just realized that, after two sodas, she had to pee like a racehorse. Probably getting weaker from having peed so much already... shit. Worse, that hazy fuzziness was starting to cloud her mind, the fog that hung over her and inhibited her better judgment... "She got better," noted the guy who had been groping her breasts before.

"I think that she gets more cooperative when she's gotta pee..." The first man nodded, setting aside the soda for now. Between the two of them, it was safe enough to take off her handcuffs, which they did, and then leered at her. Sitting on the breast-groper's lap, Jelex found that her bigger tits were being massaged again, causing yet another moan and the start of her excitement as the rod teased between her legs. "Give us a pee," the one behind her whispered. "You know you love to pee."

"Noooooo," Jelex breathed softly, feeling the vibration of the rod against her clit. "Nnnngh. God, it feels so good... I don't wanna pee. Then I have to fill up again to feel this good," she moaned. "Noooo. Don't make me cum again, oh god... I'll pee if you make me climax another time. Shit. It feels so damn good... oh damn," she moaned, grinding herself against the rod and lacing her fingers behind the neck of the man groping her tits, arching her back so that his fingers could grab her nipples more easily and pull... The rod pressed harder, more firmly into the wet crotch of her ninja suit, and Jelex grinded her clit against it once again, feeling the amazing pressure on her urethra as he did that...

"Keep doing it. Vibe me while I pee myself..." Jelex gasped, totally lost once again to the whims of her confused mind. "Unnnh. Vibe the urethra. Naughty boys... making me pee my pants," she said coyly. "Ohh yes... fill me up. Tank my bladder up and empty it out... keep going, yeah, yeah..." Jelex cried out loudly, fully having lost herself in the insane desperation which was being promoted by the command room fill section... Readouts showed three full liters of pee in her system, bladder expanded to its maximum artificial size. Any further stretching would have to be done by Jelex herself... and to the amazement of the command staff, despite being vibed and topped to the brim with pee, her kegals held, quivering with the insane effort of holding back so much urine...

They let the scene go, breath held as the drama unfolded before them. Her kegals were almost superhuman - if they hadn't had the vibes in there to weaken them, she would have held for a much longer time. But that was her weakness... holding too long put her in this aroused, submissive state, so that she willingly gave control of herself to another so she could be forced to endure the holding for longer... How long could she last with that kind of pleasure input? Her breasts and clitoris both registered high levels of pleasure, amplified by the huge weight of the pee in her bladder as the waves resonated through her body, jiggling and teasing it.

And yet she was still holding on. Not a drop had leaked from her urethra - they had that under close observation now. The kegals clenched amazingly hard, keeping the bladder sealed shut... the nerves to her brain were screaming, assaulting her consciousness with the need-to-pee urge almost constantly and very strongly. But an even stronger urge was that of pleasure, overriding the strength of her bladder's distress, making her body respond to sexual contact instead of curling up with desperation.

Yet at this level it was very much a physiological thing. Her bladder was reaching its capacity for holding, the muscles were strong but not infinitely so. Put another way, her body could only stand the physical strain of keeping back her pee for a finite amount of time. Her legs were spread to make way for the vibrator, her hands were locked behind the neck of another. Only her internal muscles helped, no external pressure was being applied to help the bladder retain its contents. The breast size controller licked dry lips, quivering fingers poised over his dial, to start turning it as soon as signs of a leak showed...

The control section leader fantasized briefly about closing the bladder forever and having the girl exist with that three-liter globe of pee permanently locked in her body... But even with the nanomachines, if he pushed too hard, the muscle would start to break down, and if he persisted in holding them shut for too long, the muscle tissue would rapidly deteriorate and the girl would end up unable to hold at all. She'd need a diaper... which brought a smirk to his face, but that was nowhere near as fun as watching this.

Jelex pressed hard against the blunt tip of the vibrator. Rubbing it against herself, she jammed it against her urethral opening and used its pressure there to help hold her pee... Never once did she think of using her hands or legs. That was cheating; these two had said so. Internal muscles only. Jelex's hips grinded firmly against the lap of the soldier she was seated upon, making him gasp softly and grope her breasts all the harder, yet with her body in the state that it was in, such rough treatment just made her crave more. Neither of them complained; her accomplishment of holding was already amazing enough as it was, and they were sure she would pee buckets once her body finally let go...

"It's coming, I'm cumming," Jelex moaned, rubbing herself harder and harder against the tip of the vibrator, friction and vibration resonating up the urethra to her bladder where it finally exploded in a display of pent-up sexual frustration, a yowl of intense pleasure that seemed to reverberate off of the walls of the small break room as Jelex's kegals opened up not so much in exhaustion as from the blinding pleasure of her orgasm, peeing out the entire amount contained in her bladder...

Because of the superabsorbency spray that had been used on her prior to the episode, she didn't leak. Rather, her crotch got saturated... then it started going down her legs, soaking her inner thighs down to her boots... and from there it started to spread back up, the wetness curling around her legs as it built its way back up, wetting her calves and knees, and then her thighs both front and back, until she finally stopped with the line of wetting having reached small of her back, and everything from the waist down soaked.

All the while, her breasts had grown and grown, pushing against the tight fabric of her outfit now, getting larger and firmer, growing through D-cup to settle about halfway through E... and Jelex moaned with lust, the explosive orgasm echoing throughout her body still, before finally collapsing atop the two men who had been teasing her. Panting, Jelex giggled a bit... the haze on her mind had cleared slightly but was not gone, thanks to the fill section's superb timing... her bladder was slightly full even now, seven hundred and fifty milliliters of water tucked safely away inside, so that the submissive, sexual tendencies did not evaporate. Instead, she pouted.

"I'm not very full anymore," she said with a teasing giggle, casting eyes at the soda he had brought. But the man grinned and withheld the drink, shaking his head. Jelex just pouted more.

"We're going to take you somewhere that you can drink a truly astounding amount," he said.

"But, but... let me go there super-desperate. Please? Oh, please. You two can tease me the whole way there. I promise," Jelex said. Like a child getting her way and being allowed an extra candy, she giggled happily and took the soda bottle into her hands, and her head was tilted back sharply so she could insert the mouth and begin draining the bottle...

