Drunk Driver Gets Arrested

Author: Starstrukk

*000*2013-08-09 06:09

Just a little intro. I've been a member for about a year and haven't really posted anything. I've had a bit of time to write a couple stories recently. Writing is not really a strong point of mine, sodon't expect any English major material. Hope whoever reads this story enjoys it :)

P.s this was written on an iPhone so I don't know how it'll show up. Hope it looks ok.

The city lights were shining bright on a Saturday night. It was 3am and people were all making their way home from bars and parties. Out on patrol were 2 officers. In the driver seat was officer Brock Hamilton. Next to him sat the beautiful Rose Brooks.

A white Lexus sedan merged into the highway going at an excessive speed. Not bothering to signal it swerved 2 lanes over. Then swerved around a few cars. Brock flicked on his lights and Siren and pursued. Within the minute the Lexus pulled over into the shoulder lane and the police car followed closely.

The 2 officers slowly approached the vehicle with caution; one hand on their handguns for emergency situations, the other holding a flash light. Brock goes to the driver side and knocks on the window signalling for the driver to roll down the window. Meanwhile Rose is shining her light on the windows, trying her best to see through the limo tint but has minimal success.

As the windows go down, they reveal a young woman, about early twenties. She was thin and had long brown hair, was wearing a white blouse and very light blue jeans.

He immediately smelled the liquor radiating from her. He hated drunk drivers. If it was up to him he would deal with these people with nothing other than a bullet. But he was a man of the law and controlled his emotions.

Brock noticed she had her hand firm on her crotch and legs pressed very tight together.

Brock: "Been drinking a little tonight?

Driver: "Fuck no, what the hell are you pulling me over for?"

He hated dealing with people like this. But it was common with the job.

Brock: "Ma'm, I seen you speed and swerve all over. I'm gonna need you to step out of the vehicle".

Driver: "I didn't do shit! You fucking pig!"

Although she was lippy she still stepped out of the vehicle. When she stepped out, she immediately hobbled over and put her hands back in her crotch.

Driver: "Let's hurry this up! I have to piss like nothing else!"

Brock:"I'm going to need your drivers licence"

She gave it to him and it read; Shelby Brady.

Rose usually deals with female suspects as they feel more comfortable with a female officer.

Rose grabbed the breathalyzer and promptly told her to breathe into it. She blew a 0.16, more than 3 times the limit.

They then proceeded to do a field sobriety test. Shelby crouched down holding herself

Shelby: "can I squat on the side real quick? I have to go really bad".

Rose:"Afraid I can't let you do that miss, it'll be a public indecency charge if you try"

Annoyed, Shelby got back up and proceeded to the test.

First she was to stand on one foot and keep balance. She was allowed to take her black heels off as they were hard enough sober. She stood on one foot and within 2 seconds she fell to the ground and giggled to herself. Immediately she sat on her knees, leaning forward and both hands on her crotch.

Shelby: "No no no, fuck, fuck. I have to pee, I'm bursting! Why can't you see that!"

Rose:"sorry there is nothing we can do about it. You're just gonna have to hold it."

With that Shelby had one more task to do. She was to walk a straight line that Brock drew on the ground. She hobbled over to it and began walking. Her drunken state soon knocked her to the ground. The impact made her squirt into her panties. It was just for a second but it came out full force. Her panties got pretty wet. Her jeans only had a tiny spot on the crotch.

Rose grabbed her and brought her up. Still holding unto shelby, she allowed her to put her heels back on then told her to put her hands behind her back.

Shelby: "Why?! I'm not drunk! You're just being a bitch! I'm gonna piss in my pants!"

Rose: "You can hold it. You're plenty old enough. You're under arrest for driving under the influence"

Saying that, she turned Shelby around and slammed her against the cruiser and put handcuffs on.

Rose promptly began her pat down. That made Shelby squirt into her panties for about 3 seconds at full force. Her wet panties were clinging to her vagina and now they were very wet. Her jeans had sizeable damage on them, about the size of a football. The small release of urine only put further strain on her stressed out bladder.

Shelby shut her legs so tight she could choke a bear.

She kept spurting over and over. The only thing stopping a full on flood was the pressure of her thighs pressing tightly together against her pee hole.

Rose: "Spread your legs apart"

Shelby: "There's no way you bitch!I'm already wetting myself! Ill totally soak my jeans if I do that!"

Rose: "you can't even stand up to walk, yet you're driving down a highway, you could have killed someone. Wet pants is the least of your concern"

Being fed up with Shelby's attitude, Rose put her feet between Shelby's crossed legs and spread them apart. Instinctively Shelby bent down from the jolt on her bladder, but Rose kept firm grip on her.

It was too late for Shelby. First was a long wet streak coming from the inside of her crotch, down her left leg and twisting to the back of her knee. It was immediately reciprocated by the right leg. The flood just kept flowing, soaking her bum. Her jeans couldn't handle so much urine so they started to drip through the fabric and began to make a small puddle in between her spread out feet. Her pee was flowing down the back of her jeans, within seconds the pee had made its way to her feet and began to soak her black heels as well. A big puddle formed around her feet which caused a small stream to make its way down the road.

After a long minute and a half of full force peeing, the stream settled into a trickle, to a few spurts and then seized. The back of her jeans from the top of her bum to her feet was completely drenched. There was so much urine that the front of her jeans also received severe damage.

Rose directed Shelby to the back of the cruiser. There was a sloshing sound with each step Shelby took. Her jeans were still warm with so much pee, clinging to her skin. She sat down on the seat and the car immediately filled up with the smell of urine.

About half hour later the officers finished calling a tow truck for the Lexus and writing down an on-field report. The station was about 20 minutes away.

Within the first 5 minutes of driving, Shelby's worn out bladder mixed with many previous drinks filled up at an alarming rate. She informed the officers to hurry because she had to pee again.

Brock: "you just pissed a river I'm sure you can hold it till we get to the station."

The handcuffed girl was bent forward trying to hold back a second flood that was coming. They were almost at the police station and Shelby's soaked jeans became cold. It sent a shiver down her spine that caused her to spurt out a bit of pee into her cold, wet pants.

When they got to the station, Rose pulled Shelby out and lead her inside towards the restrooms. Shelby was taking baby steps to keep control of her already worn out bladder.

There was only 1 bathroom for detainees and when they got to it, another woman was using it.

Rose: "you'll have to wait until our report is completed."

Shelby: "no you can't do this to me again! My bladder hurts and I'm about to piss my jeans again!"

Without saying a word Rose put Shelby in a holding cell and un handcuffed her.

The anticipation of the cell door closing caused a pain in her bladder and a one second spurt came out of her pee hole. She crouched down and sat on her heel, both hands buried deep in her crotch.

Shelby: "fucking pig! You just want to see me suffering. Let me go pee!"

Rose: "I just don't want to see someone innocent loose their life from someone who chose to drink and drive..ill be done in half an hour"

Shelby began to squirm in place as Rose walked away. Shelby was well aware of her predicament. Although her jeans were already soaked, she didn't want to wet herself again.

About 5 minutes passed and her poor bladder had more liquid then it could take. It felt extremely heavy and she didn't have the muscles to hold in the flood. She sat down on a bench and got a spasm. There was no holding it back anymore. A thick stream flowed from her, reheating her soaked jeans with fresh pee. Her urine pooled up at her thighs and eventually sank down to her bum. It pooled around her on the bench and trickled down to the floor. The relief combined with the wet heat on her pussy was almost orgasmic for her. But she was far too embarrassed to enjoy the feeling.

She was forced to stay in her soaked jeans for 3 hours, waiting for paper work and somebody to come down to bail her out. Every so often she would have to pee again. With her worn out bladder and very soaked jeans she would just let go in her jeans. Adding to the puddle of piss she created.

*007*2013-08-10 01:22

Thanks everyone for their positive feedback, glad everyone is enjoying it.

Peepantyluv - thanks for sharing. I'm a huge fan of stories of that nature. Even more so if its a true event :)

