What I did in the Holidays by hermione Grainger (part 2)

Author: sobbi5

*000*2014-10-14 09:23

What I did in the holidays by Hermione Grainger Part 2 - see earlier parts

Hermione’s Mum drove down the country town’s high street towards the sign posted car park, As they went past Madam Susie's Corsetiere she pointed it out to Hermione and said “that’s where we are going”. It was quite a small shop in a row of pretty bow windowed two storied stone buildings that looked at least a hundred years old. “The shop looks familiar mum” said Hermione “Have I been here before?”.

“Yes” said mum, “but not since you were very little, once you went to school I organised to come here when you were out, but I recall you came last when you were about 7 yrs old as it was a school holiday”.

“I thought I recognised the place” said Hermione, there was a lady who seemed ever so old and a much younger one. I remember you went upstairs with the older lady and the younger one stayed and played with me – we played catch with a ball and she was useless at throwing!”.

As she parked the car mum explained that the older lady was the original “Susie” and she had now retired so they would be meeting the younger one who couldn’t throw the ball straight – but she is very good at fitting ladies with top quality underclothes. After a short walk back they were at the shop and Hermione opened the door for her mother to go through. They were greeted enthusiastically by the “young” Susie who looked a bit younger than Mrs Grainger, but dressed in a much more Bohemian fashion compared to Mrs Grainger’s “Smart professional”.

Susie looked at Hermione and exclaimed “what a beautiful young lady!” – “Thank you” said mum in fact that’s why I booked for us to come today, I think it is time for her first fitting. Susie moved behind them and put the bolts across the door turning a sign that said “Fitting in progress open again at – there was a clock with hands and she set them for an hour later”.

“How about I take Hermione upstairs to the fitting room for measurements whilst you have a look round the stock to see what has come in recently “ said Susie to mum as she took hold of Hermione’s hand and led her up the narrow stairs, “we will come back down when we have sizes.

Once upstairs in a room with mirrors on each of the walls and an interesting looking cabinet with lots of individual small drawers in it Susie tuner to Hermione and said “I’m not sure what you have been told by your mum, but today as this is a first fitting we will measure you all over and then have you try on some different styles. So please let’s start with you talking of your top and existing bra so I can measure you fully. Hermione quickly complied even though something was troubling her about Susie – she couldn’t put her finger on it but there was something “different” about her. Hermione was gently and carefully measured with a tape measure and then using a series of different sized cloth bra cups taken form one row of the cabinets drawers, each clearly marked with their size.

Suzie was gentle with her hands, but Hermione soon realised that even though the touching was through the cotton bra cups she was rather enjoying the experience and her nipples were starting to stand to attention as a result. Susie obviously noticed what was happening and said ”don’t worry, it is very normal reaction for a woman when touched – the time to worry is when you get old and there is NO reaction! And she giggled which set Hermione giggling a bit too. Susie took a final check and said “that is simple, you are young and have very firm breasts so a bra for you needs to be 32 B cup – but it is more to keep unwanted hands off them than for support at present!” and that came with another giggle which Hermione found rather contagious and giggled herself.

“Ok” said Susie “Time to do your lower half, take off your skirt and let me see you in your present knickers”. Hermione did as she was told but almost whispered “my knickers are a bit little girly, but I only have these and my navy school ones which is why we came today as I really want something pretty like mum wears – at least whilst I am on school holidays.”

“Don’t worry” said Susie “we all start somewhere and even school knickers have their place”. After a quick look all round Hermione Susie said “now take you knickers off and give them to me”, as she dropped her panties to the floor Susie saw Hermione’s recently shaved area and commented ” great, I see your mum got you fully prepared for the fitting today” Hermione blushed and started to apologise, but Susie quickly reassured her that everything was fine and it was best for the fitting.

Just as she started to relax a bit (well as much as she could standing naked with still erect nipples in front of an almost stranger) Hermione was taken completely off guard when Susie looked closely her pink knickers and said “well let’s see – these have been completely soaked with your wee at least six times, but you have not filled them as well – you must have just completed your “P” level flying training and tests – and would I be wrong in saying that you really enjoyed it?”

Hermione just stood open mouthed for a few moments before stuttering ‘what are you talking about? – flying?” Susie looked and just stepped up and gave her a big hug “don’t worry, it was my favourite class as well and with mum owning the shop I have had every style of knickers to enjoy myself in! – yes I went to Hogwarts, my mum is witch and so am I – and that’s how you got to be enrolled and I got a nice bonus of gold at Gringotts bank.” Oh and I can’t really tell all of that form looking at your knickers – but as a member of the Alumni and the W3 Club we were all told that there was in the last newsletter that there was a potential new member from this year’s flying class!”

Seeing Hermione looked puzzled she went on “How do you think Hogwarts knew about you as your family are not known to be magical? – when you first came here as a toddler with your mum I looked after you and noticed that little things happened around you that were a bit more than just “chance” – like your feeding bottle just rolling towards your hand in just the right way – except it was rolling uphill on the pillow!”. Do you remember the last time you came – you were perhaps 6 or 7? – “yes” joined in Hermione “you played ball with me and you couldn’t throw the ball straight”.

“Ah” said Susie “that was a test specially prepared ball – you caught it every time because you were unknowingly using your early magic powers to correct the flight of the ball”. It told me that you had the ability of magic so I simply owled my old school and told them to check you out secretly – you were found to have very promising skills and so I got a “finders bonus”. Over the years I have been fortunate and found 4 potential young witches though working in the shop – no wizards as we get very few boys brought by their mums – not that there are not a few wizards who like the feel of a pair of good quality knickers – I run a “unmarked plain brown paper owl delivery service no questions asked” which is quite popular”.

Hermione took all of this in with her mouth open and then almost whispered “Ron taking those school knickers from lost property” Susie heard her and said please tell me more! So Hermione told her the whole story about going to the lost property office to find knickers for the final flying class and seeing one of the boys (Ron) taking a pair of full school knickers away. Susie said to her “I suggest you try to find out what he is up to, there is a very good chance that he is into wetting as well and a boyfriend with the same interests was wonderful – “boys are funny” she finished “there are perhaps 10% who are really into wetting with girls in all ways 20 % who don’t mind but are not so much fun and the balance who go from mild disapproval to absolute horror and revulsion – so if you have fund a wet loving one keep hold of him – wetting and other fun with sister witches was great, but with a boys had “other dimensions”.

“Anyway” said Susie, we had better move on before we run out of time” she took the tape measure and took reading round Hermione’s waist, the round the top of her legs, as her fingers gently brushed over Hermione’s mound her body gave a little shudder and Hermione by reflex pushed forward to enjoy the touch. “later, perhaps” said Susie stepping back and opening several of the cabinets draws. “Now I suggest we sort out some more comfortable full knickers for normal school wear (but keep your old traditional ones for flying just in case you reach the second P level as they are best to fill and easiest to clean up) and also choose a style that suits your shape but is more grown up.”

“Let’s do grown up first – with you present firm shape I suggest you go for a high leg brief style, we will choose colours and materials next but we need the basic style first.”

Hermione said “some of the girls wear tiny thongs – what do they feel like?”

“I don’t think you will like them” said Susie “ but why not try?” – she opened a different draw and took out a pair of tiny thongs and said “try them on”. They were in some form of white soft material that felt like cotton – “don’t worry about anything but the feel of the fit” said Susie. Hermione put them on and they felt really quite uncomfortable, the little panel at the front just covered her mound – but she realised would be soaking with the smallest of squirts –and the rear string going up the crack of her bum was very weird. “OK you are right” said Hermione “I am sorry I should have accepted your advice”. ‘Nothing to be sorry about” said Susie – “this is your chance to try before you buy”.

She handed Hermione a pair of knickers with a bit more material in them which when in place got a “That feels really comfortable” from Hermione. “OK said Susie, you are a size 12, but you need the larger upper legs option for comfort”.

“OK, take those off and now try these full briefs for school knickers.” Hermione did ass she was told and again fund they felt really comfortable and said so. ‘But Susie” said Hermione “How so you cope with the hygiene rule in all the other shops that says you can’t try on knickers when you have pairs of every style and shape – is it magic?.

“No” said Susie, “The knickers you have tried on are made of a special material woven from paper – my secret, but not magic – so unlike other disposable paper knickers they feel like cotton and do not rustle like paper! – and one more thing – put the other pairs on over the top of the ones you are wearing and come with me.” She opened a door into a toilet/shower room – only the shower was really just over one part of the floor areas which was completely covered in vinyl sloping to a drain – in other words a full wet room. “Now the fun bit” said Susie “wet yourself as hard as you can”. Hermione had lost her capacity for surprises, so realising that she actually need to wee, she did as she had been asked and pissed all three pairs of test knickers she was wearing just standing there feeling her wee run down her legs and watching it run along the floor to the drain.

It was the first time she had worn more than one pair of knickers when standing and wetting and it felt quite different, the extra layers of material slowed the flow out and made her wee run further up both the back and front of the main pair, she enjoyed the feeling, but then things started to feel different and looking down she saw all three pairs of knickers dissolve and fall off to the floor and then continue to dissolve and run towards the drain.

Susie looked at Hermione clearly enjoying herself and told her – yes they will not dissolve for a long time in ordinary water, but they disappear with a good burst of pee! – if you find a boy who enjoys wetting this is a special treat you can give him – you can let him see you in your knickers – even feel you up in them, but when you are ready you piss yourself and your pussy comes into view ready for his full attention. Hermione went a bit pink with all that information, but resolved to find out more about what Ron had done with the knickers he had taken – she was feeling a bit more attracted to him now.

Susie told her to shower and dry herself then put on a robe that was hanging there to come downstairs for the next stage – choosing the colours and materials.

More to come, but I have just wet my knickers - big pink ones over smaller grey ones - have to test for story accuracy, but it fun!

Sobbi5

