Fic Request

Author: Derpysquid

*000*2015-12-21 18:34

Hi, my name's Raven. This is the story about how I met my best friend, umbreon.

Everything started out as normal, I woke up at wigglytuff's guild and chose to rescue a pichu, who is trapped on the 14th floor of Mt. Horn. I went through my bag to make sure everything was in order, but I found that I was running low oran berries. So I went to kecleon's shop in treasure town and restocked. In doing so, I forgot to go to the restroom to relieve myself. I figured that it wasn't that bad, and I'd just hurry and complete the mission, so I set out for Mt. Horn.

As I walked, my need to relieve myself only grew. I tried to shrug it off, but it didn't help much. When I got to Mt. Horn, I looked up the mountain to find a river, increasing my need to relieve myself. I ignored it and focused on the mission. The first few floors were easy, I only encountered bug pokemon. Though as the dungeon progressed, it became increasingly harder to concentrate. On the 2nd floor , I was fidgeting occasionally, but it was easy to get through the floor. On the 3rd floor , I was fidgeting a bit more, as the drinks from yesterday started to work their way through my system.

On the 4th floor, I couldn't stand still as I tried to maintain proper posture so I didn't appear vulnerable. On floors 7 and 8 I walked slower and occasionally doubled over to prevent myself from wetting. The thought of hiding behind something and peeing crossed my mind, but I pushed it aside, assuring myself that I could make it. On the 9th floor, I realized that I wasn't going to make it, and needed to find something to hide behind. Fast. I looked over to the river, to find some tall grass that I could hide behind. I baby-stepped my way to the grass and as soon as I got behind it I let go. The stream sprayed out from my underside for about 2 minutes, and I couldn't help myself but sigh from the relief. When I turned around, I found a male umbreon behind me, blushing furiously.

"How long have you been standing there?" I asked him.

"I-I'm sorry, I came to get a drink and I looked over and y-you.."

"It's alright" We looked at each other for a couple moments, both blushing.

"So, what are you doing here?"

"Oh, I um came to find a pichu on the 14th floor."

"Oh, me too! Do you want to um, look for him together?"

"Oh! Um, s-sure"

And from that point on, we became the best of partners, and friends.

