Summer with Snape - Page 18

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*425*2012-07-01 07:17

Hope you guys like this, Harry will be back next chapter, I just had to tie up some loose ends with Draco.

Chapter 72

The rest of the day passed by quickly, all things considering and Draco just wished that that he could sleep the rest of the horrible day away. He had detention right after dinner, and he refrained from drinking his juice at the table, even as his dry throat protested it. As he played with his food, his thoughts kept straying back to Professor Lupin helping him out, and then finding out that Potter was the reason that he didn’t humiliate himself in class again.

He frowned to himself feeling like the biggest lowlife in the world. His father had a saying, Malfoy’s don’t apologize, but he was going to break that rule. He only hoped that it never got back to the man, Draco preferred being in the land of the living.

“What’s eating you?” Theo asked as he looked up from his plate.

“Nothing, I just have detention today, with Snape.” He said softly.

“Oh yea, for what happened this morning.” Theo replied quietly.

“Yea,” Draco nodded, not wanting to talk about it.

“Well, good news is you’ll probably just be scrubbing cauldrons.” Blaise chirped in.

Draco nodded, hoping that was so, before hesitantly taking a sip of his water. The coldness was a pleasure to his throat and he found himself greedily gulping it before he could stop himself. He glanced at his watch, seeing the time 7:30pm and he stood up. He had time to use the toilet before detention and he definitely was going to do so.

“I’ll see you guys back at the dorm,” he said as he stood up from the table and walked out the Great Hall. As he turned the corner, his heart leaped into his throat as he ran smack dab into the twin terrors themselves. He gulped, his heart hammering in his chest as he looked at them fearfully.

“Quit looking at us like that,” Fred said with a frown. He never thought that Malfoy would ever be afraid of them, and quite frankly, he didn’t like the look he was receiving.

“I’m sorry,” Draco said quietly, his eyes immediately making contact with the ground. His body shuddered in fear as he wondered what they were going to do to him.

“You don’t owe us an apology; Harry on the other hand is another story.” George said quietly.

Draco nodded quickly, why were they so late to dinner? Were they planning on telling people right now? His stomach churned, and his face took on a paler sheen as he envisioned them telling the whole school of his accident.

“I know, Professor Lupin talked to me,” Draco said softly, as he swallowed audibly.

“Good, I hoped you learned something then.” Fred replied.

“You don’t look so good Malfoy, what’s eating you?” George asked in concern.

“Are you going to tell people? I never told anyone about Harry, I only threatened but I kept it to myself. I promise I didn’t say anything.” He blurted out, his eyes unconsciously filling with tears.

“Calm down mate, relax,” Fred said as he looked at his brother. What the hell had happened to the boy? It couldn’t all be because of that diuretic could it? How had the boy suddenly had a change of heart?

“I can’t, please, are you going to tell anyone?” Draco blubbered out, his breaths hitching and his tears falling freely now.

“Oh for, bloody hell,” George said with a sigh before walking forward and picking up the third year.

Draco flinched back when he was touched as if he was expecting a hit, and truth be told he was. He didn’t know what the twins were going to do to him, but he was scared none the less.

“What are you doing?” Fred asked looking at his brother in confusion.

“What’s it look like, I’m taking him to Snape,” George replied calmly.

“He looks like he’s having a panic attack,” Fred mused quietly.

“That’s because he is, he probably thinks we’re going to hurt him. Let’s go Fred,” George said heading to the Dungeons.

Severus was glancing at the clock wondering where the Malfoy spawn was. Draco was usually about 10 minutes early for detention and it was now 7:55pm so where was the child? He couldn’t stop the bit of worry for his snake, regardless of what the boy had done to Harry. He stood up, intending on going to check the Slytherin common room when he heard a knock on the door.

“Enter,” he said quietly. He was expecting to see Draco, but imagine his surprise when he saw 3 boys enter his office, on who was having a panic attack. That wasn’t what had him speechless; it was the fact that George Weasely was holding a panicked Draco Malfoy in his arms calmly.

“We bumped into him, and he…”

“Started freaking out; I swear…”

“Sir that we didn’t have…”

“Anything to do with this,” Fred finished as he closed the door behind him.

“I’ll get a calming draught,” Severus said heading towards his potions store.

“Malfoy, relax before you make yourself sick,” Fred finally said. He was starting to get worried for the little boy. How is it when tears were involved, everything changed.

“I…I…can’t,” Draco gasped out, as he sobbed into the boy’s chest.

“Draco child come here,” Severus said when he re-entered the office.

George gently released the fingers around his neck and set the boy down, holding onto his shoulders, as he prodded the boy towards his head of house.

“Thank you Weasely, I’ve got it from here,” Severus said, nodding in approval to the boys.

“You’re welcome sir, feel better Draco.” George replied as he walked towards the door.

“And for the record, we aren’t going to tell either.” Fred said as he closed the door behind them.

Severus waited pensively for a few minutes as he fed the boy the potion, handing him a handkerchief before setting him in a chair. He sat back down at his desk and turned towards his snake who was sniffling.

“Tell me what happened,” Severus said kindly.

“I think something’s wrong with me,” Draco said, despite the calming potion, his eyes were once again filled with tears.

“What makes you say that?” Severus questioned concern in his tone.

“I’ve gone to the toilet over 10 times today, it’s like I have to go every hour. I’ve had 3 accidents today too,” Draco admitted shamefully.

Severus’s face was blank but inside he was feeling the effects of guilt. He never expected the child to be hurt, humiliated yes. He had assumed that Draco was just like his father, since he tended to do everything Lucius did when they were at school. Lupin was right, unlike Lucius, Draco showed remorse.

“I apologize for not allowing you to be excused this morning,” Severus said quietly.

“That’s ok sir, I knew your rules beforehand.” Draco replied softly.

“Perhaps, my rules need to be revised,” Severus replied. His rules he knew were unethical, to deny a child that right was unforgivable. Harry had showed him that, unlike him they were still children and they sometimes could not hold it for 4 hours, especially after consuming the juice they tended to drink for lunch and breakfast.

Draco didn’t say anything; he just looked at his hands. He had to know something though, or he was going to be sick thinking about it.

“When will my father come for me?” Draco asked his face blank but fear shone bright in those silver eyes.

“He won’t child, I didn’t send the letter,” Severus replied quietly.

“Are you sure?” Draco asked, refusing to believe that.

“I can assure you, I hadn’t gone around to sending it,” he replied.

“So you probably will now right?” Draco said his heart heavy in his chest.

“No child, I won’t send it. You had an accident, you are still a child, and I will not have you punished for that.” Severus answered.

“Professor, can I talk to you about something?” Draco asked softly.

“Of course Dragon,” Severus said kindly.

“I told my father about what I did to Potter, and though I know I can’t take it back but would it be ok if I apologized to him?” Draco asked quickly.

“You want to apologize to Potter?” Severus asked his eyebrows rose in disbelief.

“Yes sir, Professor Lupin said Potter, was the reason he saw that I needed the loo in class today.” Draco said before going on to explain what exactly happened.

Severus listened with rapt attention, another way Harry was unlike James. Lily was forgiving at the best of times, and Harry had inherited that. He was proud of his son for being the better man, when he himself could not. Slytherins were different then Gryffindors, they tended to get revenge, not forgive as Harry did.

“That seems like a good idea,” Severus replied before placing a potion in front of Draco.

“What’s that sir?” Draco asked curiously.

“To help with your overactive bladder,” Severus said.

“Thanks Professor,” Draco said gratefully before quickly swallowing the potion, waiting for it to take effect.

“You’re welcome Draco,” Severus replied.

Draco sat their quietly, happy that he wasn’t in trouble but he wasn’t stupid to think that he didn’t have detention. He had disgraced himself and his head of house from his lack of control this morning. He grimaced, speaking of which he hadn’t had a chance to relieve himself.

“What and I going to be doing tonight sir?” Draco asked, placing his wand on the man’s desk. Snape didn’t allow magic in his detentions and he didn’t fancy getting accused of something if he happened to clean to well.

“I want you to write an apology letter to Potter. There is a huge possibility that he will not forgive you and I highly doubt approaching him will work against you.” Severus said smoothly, considering the boy’s past confrontations.

“Sir, are you serious?” Draco asked shock coursing through his body. He was sure that Snape would relish in what he did to Potter. This was a new development, but he didn’t have a problem with it.

“Does it look like I am joking dragon?” Severus asked quietly.

“No sir. I’ll get started right away,” he said pulling out his parchment.

As Draco started in on the letter, he found he was having a hard time of concentrating. He didn’t think the potion had take effect yet because he was feeling his full bladder and it scared him. His eyes widened but he didn’t say anything, even as he frequently glanced towards Snape and back to his desk. He was unaware of how obvious he was being until the man spoke.

“Is there something in particular Mr. Malfoy that you find interesting on my face?” Severus asked neutrally.

“No sir,” Draco said flushing at being caught. He squirmed in his seat as the man’s dark gaze landed on him.

"Then what seems to be the problem?" Severus asked curiously.

"How long does it take the potion to work?" Draco asked, a bit of a whine in his voice.

"10-15minutes," He said calmly.

"Oh," Draco replied softly.

He really had to go, and no matter that Snape apologize about this morning; Draco knew that he would never be allowed to go in detention. He moaned softly as he tried to prevent himself from gripping his crotch.

"Out with it Mr. Malfoy," Severus said hearing the sound.

“Sir?” Draco asked innocently as he crossed his legs as tight as he could under his desk.

Severus didn’t say anything, those his eyes narrowed as he took in the expression his student’s face. The boy looked to be wholly uncomfortable and he was just about to ask why, when he saw the clenched thighs and crossed legs. The hand that was gripping his crotch spoke volumes, even if he hadn’t already figured it out.

He sighed softly, not at all surprised by the boy needing to relieve himself. Nor the fact that Draco had yet to ask to be excused. He knew that the Malfoy heir was proud, and didn’t want to admit such a weakness again, considering what happened this morning. He had really rattled the boy; he could see it even now.

“I will be right back; I just need to grab something from the classroom.” Severus said standing up and making sure that his toilet door was open. He wondered of the boy would take advantage of it, or not before shutting the door to the classroom behind him.

Draco looked at the open door, and whimpered. He couldn’t stop himself from glancing from the loo to the classroom door. Professor Snape wasn’t like Professor Lupin and he wouldn’t let him use his personal toilet would he? Draco shook his head before standing up, maybe he could finish before his teacher came back? Standing up shook his bladder and he marched in place for a moment as he struggled to hold on.

He held himself just to be safe as he slowly started the walk across the classroom, feeling extremely paranoid for the moment. Any minute Snape could walk back in, and he would be caught. Draco stopped short at that, he wasn’t doing anything though, was he? All he wanted to do was use the toilet, was that really a crime? He blinked tearfully before slumping his shoulders, he obviously had pissed off the man today and he didn’t want to get into anymore trouble. Ignoring the fullness in his lower stomach he started walking dejectedly back to his seat.

Severus grabbed a random potion vial and stood by the door, it had been 3 minutes and he was sure that Draco had taken care of himself. He walked into his office to find said child bent over at the waist by his chair, similar to a position that Harry tended to be in when the situation became serious.

“Mr. Malfoy, why haven’t you used the facilities?” Severus asked in confusion.

“I wasn’t sure I could sir,” Draco answered quickly.

“I left the door open for you, I didn’t need it.” Severus said as he took a seat.

“Can I use it now then?” Draco asked after a moment.

“You may, hurry though.” Severus said gesturing for the boy to do so.

Draco hobbled his way towards the open toilet door nearly tripping over his robe as he entered the door. He took off the constricting material unaware that he hadn’t even bothered to shut the door. He whimpered as his bladder signaled him to release itself now, and he hurried to comply. He jumped up and down, one hand on the inside of his trousers as the other tried to undo his belt but he wasn’t having much luck.

He didn’t think that Professor Snape would help him like Professor Lupin so he didn’t bother asking for help. Draco sniffled as his bladder contracted; he crossed his legs tight trying to prevent an accident. He tried to stifle a sob as he felt his hand holding himself suddenly get warm and wet. And his eyes overflowed with tears as he got ready for the inevitable.

Severus was grading papers, his eyes going towards the still opened toilet door. He knew that the Malfoy heir was as modest as he came so he was a bit curious on why the door was still open. Not to mention, he couldn’t hear the tell tale sound of water on water, and he found himself standing up and walking towards the door.

“Draco, is everything alright?” He asked, poking his head in to make sure.

“Yes sir, everything is fine.” Draco said lying quietly, as he tried to hold on longer.

“Why haven’t you gone then? What are you waiting for? You look like you’re about to have an accident child,” Severus admonished.

“I can’t get my trousers undone, I’m sorry sir,” Draco blubbered out shamelessly as he held himself tight.

“There’s not to apologize for, it happens to the best of us.” Severus said quietly before waving his wand and banishing the belt, the button, and the zipper. That action allowed the boy’s trousers to fall to his ankles; which Severus then lifted up the seat for him.

“Thank you sir,” Draco said gratefully before turning towards the toilet. Not even caring that the man was still in the room, he pulled down his boxers and started to relieve himself.

Severus shook his head before leaving the loo and closing the door behind him. He took a seat on his desk and was going back to his grading when he heard a small knock on the door.

“Enter,” he said before straightening up. He hadn’t been expecting anyone else at this moment.

Harry entered Snape’s office with a frown, his face uncomfortable in the least.

“What can I do for you Mr. Potter?” Severus asked coldly, gesturing for Harry to look behind him. He had picked up Draco’s robe and set it on his desk for him to get it, when he got out the washroom.

“I need a potion sir,” Harry said as his stomach churned uncomfortably before stopping to look at the man in the chair in shock.

Harry eyes widen at the way his father addressed him but before he could get offended he noticed someone’s work on the desk and a black robe hung over the chair. He looked at the man questioningly but refrained from calling the man dad like he normally did. Harry bent his head down, he had needed a potion. His stomach was feeling a bit off, but he wasn’t about to ask for it now. For all he knew that was Malfoy’s things and the last person he wanted to see right now was him.

“What kind of potion?” Severus asked neutrally, though inwardly, he was concerned.

“Never mind sir,” Harry said softly before turning around and running out the office. He didn’t need a potion he could deal with this himself. He shoved back the hurt; feeling like his father just chose whoever that was over him. But he shrugged, it was life, and unfortunately he was used to it.

Severus sighed softly unable to call the boy back like he wanted too; something obviously wasn’t right with Harry. Resolving to have Minerva check on him he returned back to his paper, when the toilet door opened revealing Draco Malfoy, one hand holding his trousers up. He stood up and quickly fixed the boy’s clothes and nodded to him to finish his detention. Severus wasn’t expecting anything else from the boy as he sat down in front of his desk.

“Thank you Professor,” Draco whispered before returning to his letter.

“You’re welcome Draco,” he replied back.

*431*2012-07-04 21:14

{{: 

Oh poor little Draco! I just wanted to snuggle him like crazy! I'm really glad you didn't come right out and make him evil :D I am very curious as to what will happen with Harry and Draco's relationship after Harry gets his letter...I feel like he's a bit jealous of Draco though at the moment...awesome chapter again! Can't wait for the next one!

}}

I tried, but what 13 year old is evil? lol..there are some..but i love Draco too much to do that to him. Yes Harry is kinda jealous lol...that may change..cant say anything lest I give it away. I'm glad you liked it though.

{{: 

I can't wait to see what happens to Harry. Sorry I haven't posted anything yet. I've been reading since the beginning and I'm fairly new to the site, so I only recently made an account. I really love Harry and the sweet way everyone responds to him. I hope poor harry doesn't feel too sick, though I'd find it extreamly cute if he ended up sick again. Applause for the Draco chapter too, that's so sweet.

}}

Sweet a 'new' reader..Dont worry about it, but to know that you've been reading it is awesome...so glad you finally commented, i love reviews lol. I hope you enjoy the rest of the story as well :)

*434*2012-07-06 07:29

{{: 

These stories make me feel so confused. I love Harry Potter, and I love omorashi, but I just don't know I feel about combining the two.

}}

Then its probabaly not for you, ohh well can't win everyone.

*436*2012-07-11 03:28

Hey Guys...hope this like this and all...its pretty long, but Ive updated like a week ago..and felt really bad so here it is..enjoy and all that.

Chapter 73

Harry rushed to the toilet near his father’s office and just barely made it before he was throwing up in one of the stalls. He had felt off all day, and he hated going to the infirmary. Madame Pomprey tended to fuss over him especially when it came to his weight and he didn’t want to hear it right now. That was the whole reason for him heading down into the dungeons for a potion, but that was for naught as his father didn’t even want to see him. He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand before flushing and walking out the stall. Rinsing his mouth out, and washing his face, Harry hurried towards his dormitory.

~*~*~*

The next morning found Harry’s stomach inching its way to his throat and as he got dressed he struggled to keep it all in. As his friends rushed off to the common room he took that time to spew the contents of his stomach into the toilet. He felt horrible, and a bit chilled but it was Friday and since he had a Quidditch match on Sunday, he wasn’t about to complain.

Sitting in the great hall, watching everyone eat was almost his undoing and he swallowed constantly as his stomach convulsed. He drank his juice religiously, as it seemed to keep the nasty taste from his mouth. They had potions first thing today, and he was worried about the gross ingredients that might be his undoing. Grabbing his friends they started the trek down to the dungeons. As they neared the classrooms Harry found himself being pulled and he turned to look at Ron in confusion.

“The toilet mate,” he said quietly.

Harry nodded, hurrying ahead of him as his stomach soured. He rushed into the toilet and was unable to make it to a stall and just barely made it to the rubbish bin. He groaned as he was sick, trying to stop it all.

“Harry, what did you eat?” Ron asked in concern as he came through the door.

“Nothing,” he said hoarsely.

“Here, eat this then,” Ron said holding out a peppermint stick.

Harry took it gratefully, the sweet removing the gross taste from his mouth for the time being. He went to the sink completely forgetting about even using the toilet before heading towards the class. He and Ron hurried towards class and made it with a few minutes to spare. Trying not to draw attention to his current ailment, Ron went and gathered the items while Harry wrote down the instructions on the board.

45 minutes into the class, he felt the pressure in his lower stomach, and he winced inwardly. In his hurry to get to class, he had neglected to do the one thing he had stopped at the loo for. He tried to ignore it, but like always that wasn’t the case since he was now aware of it. His stomach was on the move and he felt his mouth watering, and froze.

He knew he had to do something, before his body decided for him. At the moment, he was feeling the urge to be sick, but at the same time his bladder was sending him urgent signals. Out of all the classes he had to be in, why now? Unless he wanted to defile his father’s classroom floor, he knew he had to speak up. He tentatively raised his hand in the air.

“What is it Mr. Potter?” Severus asked neutrally.

“Can I um…may I use…may I be excused sir?” Harry stammered out, before he was breathing through his mouth, trying to will the bile that was inching up back down.

Severus narrowed his eyes at Harry, not because he was annoyed at him but because Harry’s face was taking on an ashen color. Not to mention why was he sweating in the dungeons.

“Mr. Potter, class has just started. Ask me again in a half hour and I will let you go,” Severus said garnering shocked expressions throughout the class. He was expecting a Gryffindor to be the one to blurt out what they all were thinking but it turned out to be one of his snakes.

"Professor, I thought we weren’t allowed to go to the loo in your class?” Theodore asked in confusion.

“Recent incidents have made me aware that that rule shouldn’t apply to my younger students,” Severus explained swiftly. He could see them thinking and he knew they were going back to what happened with Draco.

“You forgot to use the toilet huh?” Ron asked knowingly.

“Yes, how could I be so bloody stupid?” Harry said with a sigh.

“Well you only have to wait 30 minutes, so keep positive dry thoughts.” Ron encouraged.

“I will,” Harry replied. His bladder though full wasn’t what was on his mind at the moment. He had other problems to worry about, like the fact that he could literally feel his stomach in his throat. He wiggled in his seat, before turning to Ron.

“Did you have another sweet Ron?” He asked hopefully.

“No, I didn’t even have that one. Neville gave it to me,” Ron replied with a shrug.

“Oh dang it then,” Harry said before swallowing hard.

All of a sudden he could feel it coming up, at that very moment and he jumped off his stool. He headed up to his teacher’s desk aware of everyone’s eyes on him but he didn’t care.

“Professor I have to be excused right now,” Harry said frantically, trying not to spew his guts right there on the man’s desk.

“Mr. Potter, I have informed you have I not of when you can go. Please take your seat and do not disrupt me again, unless you want a detention and loss of house points.” He said in a stern voice.

He couldn’t for the life of him understand what had gotten into Harry. His potty dance was more or less there, so he knew he wasn’t that urgent, was it? He shook his head, wondering if Harry was still mad about last night.

Harry didn’t say anything as he turned around, though he could feel in his mouth that it was happening whether he liked it or not. He whined to himself before turning around and walking back to the man’s desk only this time one hand was over his mouth and the other his stomach.

“Mr. Potter what is the meaning of this? Blatant disrespect,” Severus asked loudly as he stood up and looked at the boy.

“But Professor I have to…” was all he heard before Harry gagged and then watched him push his hand forcefully back to his mouth.

That was all Severus and the rest of the class needed to hear, he knew without a doubt what the matter was now.

“You’re excused Mr. Potter,” Severus said quickly. He was fighting the urge to pick up his son and rush him to the nearest toilet.

Harry nodded but it was too late and he knew it, and he found himself looking around before grabbing the man’s rubbing bin and sticking his head in it, just in time. He could hear the screams of disgust but he couldn’t help himself as he sicked up in class. It was humiliating but not as much as one would think. He shuddered at the thought of what happened to Draco yesterday and if he had somehow puked on himself. He moaned as he finished looking up at his dad with glassy eyes.

“My office now Mr. Potter,” Severus said quietly as he banished the mess in the bin.

Harry nodded before slowly making his way towards his father’s office. Once there he took a seat on the couch near the bookshelf, kicking off his shoes in the process. His stomach was churning again and he felt so cold. He knew without a doubt that he was sick; he would probably have to go to the infirmary now. He had just closed his eyes for just a second when he felt this cold hand on his head and he leaned into it. Opening one eye he could see the concerned face of his father in front of him.

“Daddy, I’m sick,” Harry whispered out, stating the obvious.

“I know you are child, just lay here and rest and as soon as class is out, I will take care of you.” Severus said quietly.

Harry nodded, before whimpering as the movement made him dizzy. Add to that fact that his stomach was still churning and he barely had time to lean over the side of the couch before he was throwing up again. He moaned pitifully, as he heard it splash on the floor. He didn’t look at his father as he finished, feeling ashamed.

“I’ll clean it up,” he said hoarsely.

“You will do no such thing,” Severus replied sternly. He quickly banished the mess and threw a few refreshing charms around. He gently took off Harry’s robe and transfigured it into a duvet and covered him with it.

Harry sighed softly, whimpering as he felt his father get up. He wanted the comfort, he was sick and he deserved it right?

“Daddy?” He sniffed.

“One second Harry, let me get a potion for your stomach among other things,” Severus said as he headed over to his potion’s stock. He grabbed numerous ones, before coming back to Harry who of course hadn’t moved. He set him up gently and brought a vial to his mouth.

“It’s icky, it’s gonna make me sick,” Harry said tearfully.

“It won’t, this is a stomach calming potion. It’s a minty flavor, it will help I promise.” Severus replied.

“Kay,” Harry murmured taking the potion. He sighed in relief as his stomach did settle down and soon his father was handing him another vial; fever reducer.

He took that one, and the rest without complaint, and laid back down. One of them was laced with a mild sleeping draught so he could rest and he was feeling it.

“Wait Harry, didn’t you need to use the toilet?” Severus asked, gently shaking him awake.

“No, I’m fine,” Harry said tiredly.

“Alright, I’ll come back and check on you a little bit later.” Severus said, knowing he had to get back to his lesson.

Harry gave a sound that he understood and slowly started to drift off to sleep.

Severus placed a charm on him to alert him if Harry was sick again, just in case before heading back into his classroom.

Harry was content on the sofa at the moment, and was nearly asleep when he felt his bladder forcibly nudge him. He cursed inwardly, having just told his dad that he didn’t have to go, and now the man was gone. He winced, knowing that if he slept he would end up just wetting himself and his father’s couch. He slowly sat up, and tried to stand up. He ended up tottering for a bit before he sat back down in exhaustion.

He could see the door to his father’s office loo, but he couldn’t walk there. He rocked in his seat miserably, before grabbing himself. The clincher he knew was that he had to go as bad as he did, with a toilet that he could see, he just couldn’t reach. He bounced up and down on the couch, trying again only to end up with the same results. With the amount of potions in his system, along with his sick and weak body, he had no strength to walk to the toilet.

Severus was watching over his classroom, occluding the feeling of being a horrible father away. As much as he wanted to check on Harry, he knew he couldn’t draw attention to it. The Slytherins could excuse Harry being sick, but they all assumed that he sent him to the infirmary. He trusted Poppy of course, but he could handle his sick child by himself. He sighed before walking around the classroom, focusing on children, trying not to blow of their cauldrons.

Theodore was worried about Harry, he really felt for the kid. The one class you didn’t want to be sick in, he was and he had to deal with Snape yelling at you while you felt bad. He shook his head, as he heard him instruct Harry to his office. He had assumed that Harry was going to the infirmary, but he could see from his seat in the back, that it wasn’t so.

His teacher’s office door was cracked and he could see that Harry was on the couch. He wasn’t sleeping he was more squirming if anything. What was going on? No sooner had that thought crossed his mind, he saw the boy bend over like he might hurl again, and Theodore winced before raising his hand. He looked up at his teacher curiously before poking his finger so the man could come down.

“What seems to be the problem Mr. Nott?” Severus asked quietly.

“Harry’s gonna be sick,” he said anxiously.

“I’m well aware that Potter is feeling ill,” Severus said sternly.

“No sir, he’s gonna be sick now. Like in your office,” Theodore protested, gesturing for the man to turn around.

Severus’s eyes widen, before turning around. The potion should not have worn off that quickly and he sighed softly as he looked through the crack. That wasn’t Harry’s I’m gonna be sick dance that was I suddenly realized I really have to pee dance. He shook his head, he couldn’t help him at the moment, and he hoped Harry could hold on.

“Professor aren’t you going to help him?” Theodore asked curiously.

“Silence Mr. Nott,” Severus said firmly before starting to walk away. He could feel the guilt resurface.

“Professor Snape, please.” Theodore begged silently.

“My office now Theodore,” Severus said loudly, that the whole class turned around to give the young Slytherin a sympathetic look. Severus wasn’t blind; he had seen something in his snake’s eye when he was asking him about Harry. Not to mention he had finally spoken to Lupin and it turns out Theodore actually like Harry. This he could use, he had no desire to lose any of his young charges to the Dark Lord when he returned.

Theo kept his face blank before hurrying into the man’s office. He walked in and shut the door firmly behind him, taking a look at the boy on his head of house’s couch.

Harry was shocked when the door opened, and he smiled in relief. His father always seemed to know when something was wrong; he didn’t look up just yet, as he struggled to gain control. Which is why he hoped that his dad wouldn’t be mad, when he found out Harry ruined the secret.

“Daddy, I need to go to go pee right now,” Harry said frantically as soon as the door shut. His eyes shot up quickly when he heard a gasp and he stared horrified into the eyes of Theodore Nott.

“Why are you calling Snape daddy?” Theodore asked, his eyes unconsciously narrowing as he stared down the lion.

“It was an accident,” Harry whispered out. He was gonna be in so much trouble.

“That didn’t sound like an accident to me,” Theodore said as he took a seat.

“It was, I didn’t mean it. Why are you in here Theo?” Harry asked tearfully, trying to keep his tears at bay.

“Because you didn’t look so good, and Snape sent me in here to check on you.” He answered.

“I’m fine,” Harry said even as he sat their gripping himself for it was worth.

“You look it,” Theo replied sarcastically. “Why haven’t you gone to the toilet Harry?” He asked gently.

“I can’t make it by myself, too many potions in me.” Harry mumbled out tiredly.

“Come on then, let’s take you to pee then.” Theo said easily as he stood up and headed over to the couch.

Harry looked at the other boy warily; he was so hot and cold. He helped him in the DADA classroom, but then just now he looked like he was angry with him. Was the boy going to hurt him now?

“I’m not going to hurt you; I daresay your father has charms in place.” Theodore said easily. He would be talking to his head of house after class; he could already tell that Harry was in no position to explain anything. At the moment, he looked as if he was going to wet himself and then burst into tears.

“Ok,” Harry whispered, putting his arm around the other boy’s shoulder, and slowly walking to the office toilet on to have Theodore stop him.

“Where are you going Potter? The toilet is this way,” Theodore said gesturing out the office.

“No I use my...d… Snape’s,” Harry said unhappily.

“Are you sure? I don’t think that’s allowed,” Theo said carefully.

“It is so allowed, I gotta go!” Harry cried out as he crossed his legs tight.

“Alright stop freaking out; we’ll do it your way.” He said ushering the smaller boy through the hidden door and turned on the light. He awkwardly placed Harry in front of the toilet, unsure if the other boy could hold himself up without him.

Harry was breathing deeply, feeling exhausted from just that short walk. He couldn’t unbuckle himself with his trembling hand, and he whimpered.

“Can you go get my dad?” He asked softly.

“I can’t he’s in class, it would be suspicious if he left again.” Theodore said quietly.

“But I need him really bad,” Harry said tears filling his eyes again. He hated being sick, it made him more emotional than usual.

“What’s the matter? Maybe I can help,” Theodore offered.

“I can’t get my buckle undone,” Harry sniffled.

“Oh that, no big deal Harry,” Theo said bending down and undoing it with ease, as well as the zipper.

“Thank you,” Harry said gratefully.

He had just slid down his trousers and was about to release himself from his boxers when, he felt the other boy let go of him. He swayed precariously and reached out blindly for the countertop. He missed and he could see he was about to fall headfirst and he closed his eyes, stifling a scream. Before he could hit the ground, he felt arms catch him. Heart still thumping loudly in his chest he opened his fearful eyes to look at the other boy curiously.

“Sorry, I thought you could stand up on your own.” Theodore said sheepishly.

“That’s ok,” Harry said softly before turning back around towards the toilet.

“Merlin, I cannot believe I am doing this.” Theo said turning his gaze up to the ceiling.

“I’m sorry,” Harry said quietly. He didn’t want to make the other boy uncomfortable.

“Not your fault, go pee Harry.” Theodore said firmly.

Harry didn’t need to be told twice and he quickly pulled himself out of his boxers and sighed in relief as he peed. He peed forcefully into the toilet, his eyes closing slightly in bliss. He tried to push it out faster, knowing how Theo felt at the moment.

Severus looked to his office, wondering what the hell Theodore was doing. It had been 15 minutes and he turned towards the class.

"I need to have a discussion with Mr. Nott about disrupting my class. If I hear one sound out of you, i will be handing out detentions. I don’t care if you’re in my house or not. Merlin help you if you try to sabotage someone elses potions." He warned glaring at them before walking towards his office. He threw a stasis charm on a few cauldrons just in case before walking in, shutting the door behind him.

"Theo? Harry? Boys where are you," he trailed off as he heard voices and he headed towards the toilet door.

"Just what do you think you’re doing?" he said in a dangerously quiet voice.

Theodore jumped while Harry screamed and in the process the Slytherin let go of him.

Harry screamed as he felt himself falling, throwing all caution to the wind and grabbing the toilet to catch himself. He stayed up right however having been in the process of relieving himself in the toilet, he was now unable to stop the flow. Which sucked as he was now peeing on himself and the floor; and he sniffled loudly in shame.

"What the fuck did you that for?" Theodore exclaimed ignoring his thumping heart in favor of trying to right Harry up. He was angry at being frightened and wasn’t even aware he had cursed at the man.

"Theo you can’t say that word," Harry whispered anxiously as he directed the last of bladder into the toilet.

Severus was looking at the scene in amusement. Although part of him was feeling horrible for scaring them and making Harry have an accident. Another part was furious how dare his Snake curse at him? He took out his wand and absently conjured up the soap.

"Harry come here," he said sternly.

"Daddy I didn’t curse, please I don’t want the soap. I’m sick," Harry whimpered out though he walked over towards the man slowly.

"Hush child, this isn’t for you." Severus said spelling him clean and picking him up and hugged him to his chest.

"I told him on accident, about you being my dad. 'M sorry," Harry said softly.

"It’s alright child, i will deal with it. As for you, you need rest." Severus said waving his wand at the floor and turning his gaze on his young snake.

"I don’t wanna go to the infirmary," Harry cried.

"Hush, you will not be going there. But you are going to be sleeping." Severus said sternly.

"On the couch?" Harry asked softly.

"No Lupin has two free periods today. He will watch you," Severus said quietly gesturing for Theodore to follow them.

"Are we flooing?" Harry asked tiredly.

"Yes, take a seat and do not move Mr. Nott," Severus said before he quickly flooed to the man's quarters. After handing him the potions and promising to be back; Severus flooed back to his office and took a seat.

"Now where were we?" He said holding out the bar of soap.

"I’m so sorry sir," Theodore said eyes wide. He knew already what that was for. He had heard stories from the older snakes, not to curse in front of Snape and he hadn’t just done that. He had actually cursed at the man.

"No you’re not, but this will make certain you are." Severus said crooking his finger.

Theodore got us and stood in front of the desk. He sighed before opening his mouth, closing his eyes when the soap was placed in.

"Keep that in your mouth while we talk," Severus said before launching in on his lecture.

*443*2012-07-15 21:09

I just started new job with different hours...so I'm trying to get use to not working the grave shift and trying to sleep normal...anyways..Heres the next update.

Chapter 74

Harry wasn’t sure how his dad was going to handle his mistake with Theo and he was too tired to care. He yawned softly before he drifted off to sleep, unaware of Madame Poppy coming and spelling more potions into his stomach. He was too deep into his sleep to notice he had completely soaked the bed he was laying in.

Not that it mattered because Remus spelled it clean with him in it. When he woke up again, he felt better as if he hadn’t been sick at all, but he was still feeling weak. He sat up and looked around the darkened room, his hair going everywhere. Yawning he got out of bed and feeling along the wall made his way out the bedroom.

“Professor?” Harry called tiredly.

“Harry, what are you doing out of bed?” Remus asked coming from the kitchen.

“I have to go pee,” Harry replied, too tired to be embarrassed.

“Follow me,” Remus said walking quickly down the hall and opening a closed door.

“Thank you,” Harry answered, as he made his way inside, and quickly took care of business.

When Harry came back out of the bathroom, he was surprised to see his father there. What time was it anyways? He slowly made his way to the man, where he was then picked up. Laying his head on his shoulder, Harry soon found himself drifting back off to sleep.

~*~*~*

The next morning Harry woke up in his bed in Gryffindor Tower feeling brilliant, not at all sure what happened. Thanking his father, he hurried up and got dressed, before making his way to the common room. After breakfast Harry wondered why Hermione was freaking out about random facts about DADA. He shrugged before thinking back on what he was told, in between his bouts of consciousness last night.

Harry shook his head; he couldn’t wrap his head around what Snape had just told him. Malfoy wanted to apologize to him about what he did to him in the loo. He was a bit apprehensive, but Professor Lupin and Snape had said that he was being truthful. He didn’t understand how the other boy wetting himself made him change. Oh well he wasn’t about to give himself a head ache thinking about. At the moment he was walking with Ron and Hermione to DADA, wondering what they were going to be doing that day. As they entered the classroom, Harry looked around as the desks were spread out weirdly. Where they having a test? He glanced at Hermione curiously.

“Is there a test today Mione?” He asked softly.

“Yes, he said it on Monday that we would have a test this week. He at least scheduled it for Friday so that gave us ample time to study. I sure hope you and Ron studied.” She said before taking a seat in the front.

Harry looked at Ron in horror, though he was great in defense he didn’t like going into the classroom blind so to speak. They took a seat in the back, ignoring the Slytherins and Harry turned to Ron.

“Did you know there was a test today?” Harry asked softly as Professor Lupin walked in.

“No, why didn’t Hermione warn us like usual?” Ron asked with a shrug.

“I don’t know,” Harry said worriedly as Professor Lupin started giving instructions.

The classroom quieted down as everyone listened to what he expected them to do today. Harry bit his lip in concern, he was worried. He had been trying to do well in his classes ever since he realized that he now had someone who cared for him. He didn’t want to disappoint Snape.

Harry waited until the man had passed out all the tests and went back to his desk towards the front before turning to Ron. He was trying to calm his nerves, especially when he felt his bladder nudge him. He hadn’t gone since before breakfast that morning, but he wasn’t worried at all. He reached over and poked Ron who had this weird look on his face.

“What are you doing?” He whispered as everyone started their tests.

“What’s it look like, I’m taking a test.” Ron said looking at him strangely.

“I meant, why are you making faces?” Harry asked.

“The first question stumped me,” Ron murmured back.

Harry nodded before going to check it out, the first question on his test was easy and he absently wondered if each person had a different test.

“Does your test have a number or letter on the top corner?” Harry asked after a moment. He wasn’t asking to cheat he was just curious like always.

“Yea, I have number 4, what’s yours say?” Ron asked turning to look at Harry.

“I got number 2, I think it’s so no one cheats,” Harry said softly before stiffening as he felt rather then saw someone behind him.

“There is no talking during the test, especially not about what I just heard.” Remus said sternly from behind them.

He had heard the boy’s whispers and had hoped they would have quieted before he intervened but he was forced to step in. Especially when they started talking about the different tests, he had no way of knowing if they were about to cheat or not. He knew that both Harry and Ron were good kids, but everyone made mistakes.

“I’m sorry Professor Lupin,” Ron and Harry said quietly.

“I’m sure you are, Ronald to the front please,” Remus said grabbing Ron’s test and gesturing towards him to get up.

“Why do I have to move?” Ron grumbled as he followed his teacher.

Harry looked at his friend morosely, wishing they didn’t have a test today. He sighed before he got to work. Halfway through his test Harry was really starting to feel his full bladder and he was unconsciously squirming on his seat. He didn’t pay much attention to it, instead just trying to maintain his focus on the paper in front of him. It didn’t take long for him to realize that he couldn’t just ignore it.

Especially when he felt his bladder contracted and he found himself leaking a bit into his boxers. He stiffened before looking up at his Professor’s desk. Normally, Harry would have already raised his hand, but since Professor Lupin had already spoken to him earlier he didn’t want to draw attention to himself. He could already tell that when Ron moved that the man thought they were trying to cheat, but they weren’t. He sighed before biting his lip worriedly, and turning back to his test.

Harry tried to prevent himself from panicking, his bladder signals getting even more urgent the more he worried over it. He was thinking back to the start of the class and he was wishing that he hadn’t been so disruptive earlier. He sighed softly, before glancing at the clock. They still had an hour and half of class left, and he didn’t think he could wait that long.

He knew for a fact that he could no longer concentrate, and at the moment, he was perfectly fine getting a zero for the day. That is until he remembered that Snape would be less them impressed with that score especially since the man knew he could do better. He whined softly to himself, unknowingly, alerting someone else of his problems.

Theodore was sitting to the left of Harry on the Slytherin side of the room, and he glanced over at the other boy when he thought he heard something. He watched Harry for a few moments, before looking up at Professor Lupin in alarm. The man himself was in his office at the moment, but another look at Harry told him that if he didn’t do something, the kid would most likely wet himself again. He sighed softly, unsure of what to do.

“Psss, Harry what are you doing?” Theodore whispered.

Harry looked at the Slytherin in alarm, understanding that he had been caught. He hastily removed his hand from in between his legs only to quickly bring it back as he spurted. He trembled at the momentary lost of control. It was painful having to hold his water back, especially when it was as full as it was.

“Just leave me alone please,” Harry murmured, face the picture of misery.

“Not bloody likely, why haven’t you asked for the toilet?” Theodore asked quietly.

“Because he’s gonna say no,” Harry whimpered out.

“Why he do that? I don’t think he’s gonna say no,” Theodore said confusion in his tone. Professor Lupin he knew was the one teacher who let you out to use the toilet, everyone knew that.

“I got in trouble earlier, so he’s not going to let me go.” Harry explained, blinking back tears as the reality that he just might wet himself in class, was starting to come true.

“That’s not true,” Theodore insisted softly.

“It is so, and I really gotta go,” Harry sniffled out.

“I’ll tell him ok?” Theodore asked calmly.

“You’re gonna get in trouble,” Harry said shaking his head in the negative as he crossed his legs tight.

“No I won’t;” Theodore said confidently before standing up. Ignoring the looks he was receiving he hurried towards his Professor’s door, and walked through the open door. He was rewarded when the man looked up at him in shock.

“Theodore, what are you doing child? Are you already finished with your test?” Remus asked.

“No sir, I’m almost done though, but I need to ask you something.” Theo said quickly.

“I can’t help you with anything you need on the test Theodore that would be cheating.” Remus said with a shake of his head.

“I know that sir, it doesn’t have to do with the test,” Theo said affronted at the whole idea that he would cheat.

“Sorry child, but whatever it is, it’s going to have to wait until the test is over,” Remus said firmly.

“It can’t wait sir,” Theodore said his face etched in worry.

“It’s going to have too,” Remus said in the same tone.

“What if you needed the loo during the test, could you go?” Theodore asked quickly, concerned for how Harry was faring out there.

“Of course you could go is that what you needed? Is that what can’t wait?” Remus said standing up quickly as he stared at the child.

“Yes sir,” Theodore said answering the last one only.

Harry for his part was beside himself; Theo had disappeared in the office and had yet to come out. He stifled a sob as he felt a spurt leak out again, before placing his arms on his desk and burying his head in them. He curled his legs up, crossing them as tight as he could, he could swear that he was constricting blood flow, but nothing seemed to help. Trying to suffocate himself as the pain in his bladder intensified, he sobbed quietly, wishing that Snape was here again.

“You can use my toilet then, usually I wouldn’t offer it to students, but in emergencies I do.” Remus said walking towards the out of the way door and opening it.

"I don’t have to go,” Theodore said anxiously.

“But you just said that you did.” Remus said in confusion.

“I meant that Harry has to go, really bad.” He said his eyes darting glancing towards the classroom, even though he couldn’t see anyone.

“Of course he does, thank you for telling me Theo,” Remus said ruffling his hair on his way passed him. “10 points to Slytherin now come finish your test.”

Theodore grinned, he didn’t do it for the points, but he welcomed them nonetheless. He blanked his face as his teacher led him back to his seat. He winced as he looked at Harry; it looked like the boy was trying to turn his legs into that of a pretzel. He breathed a sigh of relief as Professor Lupin walked over to him, and he turned back to his test. He knew that the man would help him.

“Harry cub, can you stand?” Remus asked softly, as he placed on hand on the boy’s shoulder. He could smell the salt water, not to mention hear the sniffles, so he knew he was crying.

Harry nodded once, unsure if he actually could. But he didn’t want to wet himself in class so he forced himself wipe his tears away and try. He stiffly stood up, his knees bent awkwardly; as he wished he could hold himself. He didn’t but he turned his tortured gaze to his teacher.

“Let’s go,” Remus said quietly, placing and arm around him as if Harry was sick; which worked in their favor as he was recovering from his 24-hour bug. He swiftly ushered him into his office and closed the door.

Once in the safety of the office, Harry quickly shoved his hand into his crotch as he looked up at the man in fear.

“Can I please use the toilet?” Harry asked his tone defeated expecting the man to say no.

“Of course you can, what I would like to know is why Theodore had to speak for you. Why didn’t you ask me before it got to urgent?” Remus asked.

“Because, you thought me and Ron were cheating. And I didn’t want to get a zero when I had already gotten into trouble.” Harry said quickly. Why in the hell was he getting a lecture before he peed? Snape always gave it to him after, Harry felt like he was going to explode.

“I didn’t think you had cheated Harry, well not yet anyways.” Remus replied. “Didn’t I tell you that I would never deny you that right?”

“I gotta go pee,” Harry whimpered as he jumped up and down in place.

“I’m sorry cub, the doors open.” Remus grimaced, he had forgotten before taking his thumb and gesturing behind him.

Harry staggered towards the washroom and made a beeline for the toilet. His shimmied off his robe with ease but with one hand permanently attached the front of his trousers; he could not for the life of him undo his button.

“I need help, I need help,” Harry moaned out softly as he felt his bladder spasm again. He gasped loudly as it tried to release itself without his permission.

Remus was already heading towards the loo when he first heard Harry calling for him. He quickened his pace when he heard the gasp, and he was in the doorway as he saw the front of Harry trousers darken.

“I need help,” Harry cried piteously out again.

“I know you do, relax cub that’s only going to make it worse.” Remus said taking out his wand and flicking it at Harry. The trousers slackened and started to fall down as the button came undone and he hurried towards the boy and pushed them down.

“Thank you,” Harry said as he lifted himself out of his boxers as soon as he was free from his trousers.

“You’re welcome cub,” Remus said throwing a cleaning charm at Harry’s clothes and walking out and heading back to the class, expecting Harry to do the same when he was done.

Harry sighed audibly in relief as he went, trying to push it out as quickly as he could. He didn’t want anyone to think anything weird. He shook his head; they didn’t even know why he was in the office anyway. He shrugged to himself before forcing the last of his wet out. Pulling up his now dry trousers he flushed and washed his hands before making his way out the man’s office. He kept his head down as he walked to his desk, still aware that his eyes were red. The last thing he needed was someone noticing he had been crying. Harry shook his head before focusing back on his test. Now that he no longer had to go, he was able to concentrate and he finished up about 30 minutes later.

Class was soon let out and Harry frowned as he saw the look on his friends face. He was sure that they wanted to know what happened with Professor Lupin, and why he had to go to the office. Problem was he didn’t want to talk about it, especially with Hermione, because the girl really couldn’t take a hint.

“Harry, what was that about? Are you ok?” Ron asked when they had walked a few paces away for everyone.

“I’m fine now Ron, I just needed the loo,” Harry said looking at his friend. He shook his head, as Ron quickly got it; interesting considering the redhead was slow on the intake.

“Then why didn’t you ask to be excused then?” Hermione asked in confusion.

“Because there was a test,” Harry said quietly.

“That doesn’t mean anything,” Mione said softly.

“What are we doing tomorrow?” Ron butted in, trying to change the subject.

“Isn’t there a Quidditch match Sunday?” Hermione asked, looking at Ron curiously.

“Merlin there is, I had forgotten. Are you ready for it Harry?” Ron asked excitedly.

“Of course Ron,” Harry replied happily before they launched into Quidditch talk.

“Boys,” Hermione muttered before following them to the common room.

*447*2012-07-18 20:10

Chapter 75

Harry was excited December was nearly here, he had a Quidditch game tomorrow and he was so happy to play. He loved flying, but he didn’t get to do it a lot, especially not that year with the dementors around.

He bit the bottom of his lip, as the paper from that morning speculated that Sirius Black was indeed coming for Hogwarts, and he didn’t know what that meant for him. Too be honest he was freaking out a bit, but he hid it more or less or tried too. The last thing he needed was his dad to fuss over him like he was a baby or something.

He trudged into the great Hall with his friends, directly after tossing their bags in the common room. He was so hungry his stomach was loudly sending him its displeasure, and he grinned embarrassedly as Ron’s shocked expression since it was usually Ron’s stomach that did the talking. Harry grinned as they walked over towards the table, the smell of dinner wafting through his nose making his mouth water.

As he took a seat on the bench, and started loading his plate, he was oblivious of something. Unaware that he was suppressing his urge to for the toilet in favor of only listening to his stomach. If he hadn’t been so hungry, he would have realized that he hadn’t used the loo since after lunch and he was due for a break. Harry bit into his chicken and moaned softly in delight as he ate. He squirmed on the bench a bit as he ate, ignorant of everything but his food.

As he started in on his mashed potatoes, taking a gulp of his pumpkin juice he suddenly stilled as his bladder jolted, bring him back down to earth. He glanced at the head table, and back at his full plate. He knew that the man’s dark gaze was on him. Because of his Dursely upbringing, Snape had been very strict about him eating at every meal. He wasn’t allowed to skip one like everyone else; he was told that if he did he would have detention the next day, no matter what. Harry had no intention of getting detention with Snape, so not when the outcome would be he missed his Quidditch game.

He fidgeted in his seat, trying to hurry up and eat. That fact that he was now aware of his need was distracting him just like when he took his test. He sighed softly, as he glanced at the head table again, trying but failing to catch the man’s eye. He whined softly to himself, looking at Ron once, but unsure how his mate could even help him. He’s moving around so that Percy who was doing his round of checking the table, and making sure everyone is eating noticed him.

“Harry, what’s the matter?” He asked quietly.

“I need the toilet,” Harry said with red tint on his face. He had gotten fairly comfortable around all the Weasleys this past summer.

“Oh, well you’re excused,” Percy said quickly.

“I can’t go,” Harry said dejectedly.

“I just said you could,” Percy said in confusion.

“I’m not allowed to get up until I have finished my dinner,” Harry said carefully, knowing the other boy would know who he was talking about.

“I’m sure he didn’t count on something like this happening Harry,” Percy said with a frown as he looked at the head table.

“I just don’t want to get into trouble,” Harry replied, one hand going underneath the table.

Percy shook his head before making a beeline for his brothers.

“Fred, George, can I have a word?” He said quietly.

George looked at his Fred in confusion before standing up and moving away so they could talk to their brother.

“What’s up?” Fred asked curiously.

“I need you to do me a favor,” Percy said quietly, his gaze flicking quickly to check on Harry and back to the twins.

“Depends on the favor,” George said easily.

“I need you to go to the head table, and tell Professor that Harry needs the loo, but he’s says he’s not allowed to get up.” Percy said with a shake of his head.

At Percy’s words, the twins automatically glanced in Harry’s direction and nodded to each other before making their way towards the staff table. It wasn’t a surprise to see them walk up there, so everyone paid more or less attention to them. Everyone knew them as pranksters who got along with just about anyone, even Snape. Speaking of which they headed straight for the potions master who looked to be deep in thought, as he stared at his food.

“Professor Snape,” Fred said quietly as they walked to where he was seated.

“To what do I owe the pleasure,” Severus drawled as he stared at the twins in question.

“Is Harry allowed to leave the table?” George asked softly before spelling a privacy charm around them.

“When he’s finished with his food he is,” Severus replied easily.

“What if he needs the loo, can he leave and then come back?” Fred asked quickly.

“Of course he can; what does this have to do with anything?” Severus asked eyes narrowed.

“Harry needs the toilet,” George said, jerking his head subtly in the direction of the lion table.

Severus turned his gaze towards his son and, his eyes widened for a fraction of a second before he schooled his face as he turned back to the twins.

“Take him right now,” he said his tone urgent as he recognized that version of his gotta go dance, knowing his son was a few moment away from a full blown accident.

“Yes sir,” George said his own eyes widening as he heard the tone. Canceling the charm they quickly walked back over towards the lions table.

“Harry, let’s go,” Fred said poking him in the back.

“I told you I can’t go just yet,” Harry said quietly, though his eyes were shining a bit too much for their sake.

“Your Professor said you could. He said to take you right now, so let’s go.” George said firmly.

“Ok,” Harry replied jumping up from the bench. His hands were gripping the sides of his robes tight to keep from grabbing himself, and he was walking back and forth as he waited for one of the twins to move.

“Right let’s go,” George said placing his hand on the boy’s shoulder and leading him out the hall.

Harry walked stiffly out the hall, doubling over in agony with his hands in his crotch as soon as they were away from watching eyes. He slowly tried to walk towards the toilet that was just down the hall from them.

George was watching him for a moment before gently picking him up, despite the boy’s protests and quickly running towards the loo, where he pushed opened the door. He headed towards a stall and set Harry down whom instantly ran in, leaving the door open. George shook his head before holding the door close with his hand as he waited for the boy to finish.

Harry unzipped his robe with ease, thanking Merlin that he had on the easiest pair of trousers in life. They were a snap button, and it quickly came away. He tried to set himself in position but before he could fully get himself out he was dribbling on the front of himself. He took himself out of his boxers and aimed it at the toilet bowl, sighing audibly in relief as he went.

George sighed in relief as well; these close calls were killing him. Between Ginny and Harry he didn’t know who had it the worse. He shook his head waiting for Harry to finish so they could go back and finish dinner.

*449*2012-07-18 20:20

{{: 

Yay, update. Excellent as usual. Sick Harry is so cute! Is Harry going to have an older brother watching out for him now?

}}

Maybe...I like Theodore as a character :)

{{: 

Awww.. Cute, and hot at the same time. O:

I love it when Harry's sick 'cause he becomes soo adorable and Snape is just too caring. <3333

Keep up the amazing chapters, 'cause this one totally made my day. You've really made Harry Potter ten times more interesting.. now why isn't this one a movie yet. xD

}}

I'm glad you liked it..and thanks for reading and stuff :)

{{: 

Awww poor Harry! I just wanted to snuggle him this entire chapter, the poor thing. I really love how you're working with Theo though, his character is coming along brilliantly :D Amazing chapter, keep it up!

}}

Thanks I'm glad you think soo..I like it too :)

{{: 

Yaaaaay Harry's better! He's so cute and I looooooove your Remus!

}}

Aww thanks B)

{{: 

Great update, as usual! Although, I was sort of hoping that Harry being sick would give us more of a chance to see him taken care of by Snape, but only because I miss reading about them together! I'm glad Harry has Theo to look out for him, at least!

}}

Dont worry...we will get a TON of Harry Snape bonding for Christmas..I have a few things planned..lol

{{: 

Aww...Poor Harry!!!! And I feel a bit bad for Theo too... It was an awesome chapter, I loved it!!!

}}

Thanks so did I..glad you liked it!

