When the Gods Laugh (interactive)

Author: Guest Auseklis

*000*2014-06-28 23:59

There is a world not so different from our own, a world of warring kingdoms, of swashbuckling swordplay and dazzling magic, a world where the gods are not as distant as our own. Visitors to this world are rare, but not unheard of. And you, the lovely Rose Stark, have just become the newest traveler.

{{: 

Hello to all! After seeing how popular interactive stories are, I've decided to create my own. I hope you have fun with 'When the Gods Laugh', a fantasy (swords and sorcery fantasy) omorashi adventure!

}}

A note on statistics:

{{: 

There are three stats that matter to you right now: Health, Stamina, and Bladder. All three are out of 100 points. If your health drops to zero, you will die. Stamina is how much energy you have. Bladder is how full your bladder is; if it reaches 100, you will wet yourself.

More stats such as relationship status, knowledge, and various proficiencies will be added later as needed.

}}

I want to encourage open participation. Know that you are never limited to my options. I will go with the what the majority of people want. Good luck!

WHEN THE GODS LAUGH

The first thing you feel is the cool earth pressing against your cheek. You open your eyes just a tiny crack to see a relatively large spider just inches from your face, staring at you with eight impassive eyes. You give him a sleepy smile and roll over, raising a hand to rub the sleep from your eyes.

Suddenly, you bolt upright. You weren't sleeping. The last thing you remember was entering your dorm after your first day of classes, ready to sit back and relax. But you're nowhere near your dorm now.

You seem to be standing in a large meadow, verdant and lush. A soft wind rustles through the tall grass, brushing up against your skin, and somewhere a bird chirps. It is the picture of tranquility, almost too perfect, and you're sure you've never been here before.

You rack your brain. What happened? Did you get drunk? No, you knew you hadn't gone anywhere near alcohol. Yet somehow you'd been knocked out and dragged to a meadow. That did not bode well. Luckily, your mysterious kidnapper seemed to have left for the moment.

You look down to see what you have on you, brushing your red hair out of your face. As you do so, you notice a slight pressure in your bladder. You went only an hour ago, but you don't know how long you've been under. It could have been ages since then.

You turn out the pockets of your jeans and rifle through your bag. What you find doesn't look too promising.

Suddenly, to your surprise, you find a Swiss Army Knife in the pocket of your black jacket. You smile, remembering how your parents had given to you as a joke yesterday, to "help you survive in college". Well, it might not have much use in college, but you surely might use it now.

Inventory:

{{: 

Your phone - 23% charged, no reception

Your Chemistry 101 textbook

Your wallet: $20.52, your driver's license

A mirror

A tube of lipstick

A blank notepad and pen

A full water bottle

A Swiss Army Knife

}}

You gather your stuff and look around, trying to find a house, a road, or any sign of people! You don't see any of those; the meadow extends as far as the eye can see, interrupted only by a few scraggly trees. But you do spy something coming towards you. As it gets closer, you realize it's a man riding a horse of all things. You realize with a sudden sense of fear he might be your mysterious kidnapper.

Do you:

A) Try and talk to him? (What you say is up to you guys)

B) Hide?

C) Other (please specify)

Health: 100

Stamina: 100

Bladder: 56

*002*2014-06-29 01:47

I would hide until he walked by, watched to see what he did, then walk up and get information out of him, unless he attacks us, then run, really fast, in a southwest direction.

*005*2014-06-29 19:53

Update will come once the tie is broken.

*008*2014-07-01 01:44

From now on, all notes from me and statistics will be in spoilers. Only read if you want to (the story will make sense without them). All stats will be posted at the end of each update. And don't worry, more omo-centered updates will come. Feel free to PM me with any questions.

You decide you need to talk to this guy. He's probably some dude who thinks he's a cowboy, just a harmless local who can help you orient yourself. Still, you keep your knife handy. Better safe than sorry.

You raise a hand, waving to the rider, and he changes course, galloping towards you. As he gets closer, you realize he's wearing some sort of weird clothing, made of dark leather studded with metal, like something out of Braveheart. You look at him strangely and grip your knife. This may not have been such a wise move after all.

The horse comes to a stop, rearing up. It comes down with a snort, and you can appraise the rider. He appears to be a man in his fifties or sixties, with a scarred face that must have been handsome once. A scraggly grey beard covers his face and chin, surely hiding more scars. You realize with some fear he's wearing a sword at his belt; three feet of blue steel.

"What are you doing on my lands, girl?"

You stammer, searching for a reply. "Well... This is going to sound crazy, but I don't know. Last thing I remember I walked into my dorm room, and then I woke up here." You shrug, hoping he's friendly.

"Ah," he said. "Perhaps a mage has transported you. One of Tershin's, perhaps. Who are you, and where are you from?"

You look at him. The man might be crazy, speaking of mages, but honestly magic is the only explanation you can think of so far for such a weird set of circumstances.

"My name's Rose. Rose Stark. I come from Seattle area originally, but I'm going to Arizona State now, so Tempe. Where am I now?"

The man frowns, his brow wrinkling. "Bauernhof. A week's ride from King's Drift. From which nation do you hail? I know know Seattle nor Arizona here."

"America, of course," you reply.

"I have never heard of this land," he says, looking worried.

You look up, annoyed. "Look, I don't know who you are, but you can stop playing games with me. We're in America."

He shakes his head. "No. We are in the nation of Amunroth, sacred to our lord Amunros. I have looked at maps of the world, girl, and there is no land named America on our earth."

You scoff. "Alright then. So I've been transported to some other world by magic. Didn't your parents ever tell you magic isn't rea- Shit!"

Somehow, long vines have crawled up from the ground, winding around your legs and scratching you. You look up at the man in utter shock.

"Is there truly no magic where you come from?" You nod, dumbly, as the vines slither back into the ground. "Then you truly must come from another world. I have read of such things before, in the oldest grimoires. The gods themselves must have brought you here. It bodes ill for mortals when the gods laugh, to quote the Dusead."

He extends a hand. "I am Jowan. Jowan of Bauernhof. Mage of Freyjr Kalte, and the local baron. Perhaps together we can find out why the gods brought you here."

Do you:

A) Go with Jowan

B) Other

Statistics

{{: 

Health: 100

Stamina: 99

Bladder: 60

}}

Inventory:

{{:

Your phone, 23% charged

A Swiss Army Knife

Your chemistry 101 textbook

A water bottle

A tube of lipstick

A mirror

Your wallet: $20.52, your driver's license

A notepad and pen

}}

*012*2014-07-02 01:09

A note on relationships:

{{:

As you progress through this new world, you will undoubtedly form relationships with people. These will be represented with six categories.

Neutral: you just met them

Allies: you are working together

Friends: you have befriended them (obviously)

Lovers: You are in a romantic relationship

Enemies: You are working towards opposite goals. You may unintentionally make enemies as you make allies.

Arch-enemies: Like enemies, but far more personal.

}}

{{:

If you have any requests, feel free to PM me. (e.g. More male wetting! Some yuri! I want to see a character named Dumbass McCoy!) All feedback is appreciated

}}

You decide you need to go with this man. He's the only person you know in this strange new world, and you need to find out exactly why you were brought here. You take Jowan's outstretched hand.

"I'll come with you."

{{:

You have Allied with Jowan of Bauernhof

}}

Jowan smiles, and you notice he's missing a front tooth. Quickly, he pulls you up onto his horse behind him, and nudges the horse. He breaks out into a gallop, sending you bouncing up and down with every hoofbeat.

You travel through the dusty meadow, the iron-shod hooves of the horse kicking up clouds of grit. As they waft back to you, you cough, reaching into your satchel and grabbing the bottle of water. A sip is all you need, yet it reminds you of the slight pressure in your bladder. It isn't bad now, but you've been cursed with a small bladder ever since you were a child, and you hope it won't cause problems.

Crossing out of the meadow, you enter rows of wheat and barley, perfectly aligned. Bent-over people with scythes in their hands cut bundles of the golden crop, piling it onto carts. All give a nod as you ride past.

"Freyjr Kalte has blessed us with a good harvest," Jowan says.

"So you own all this?" you ask.

"Yes. Bauernhof is not a large barony, but we are prosperous," he replies, "and happy."

"You've said this guy's name twice. Freyjr Kalte. Who is he?"

Jowan turns around, looking at you strangely. "You don't know of Freyjr Kalte? He is the god of the harvest, and I am his mage."

You shrug. "We don't have gods and magic back home."

Jowan nods. "Well, the gods choose worthy individuals at a young age and gift them with powers. Freyjr Kalte chose me, so I can do that vine trick, and I can tell where we should plant seeds. It's not flashy, like a mage of Amunros or Vajrindra, but it's kept us happy here."

You nod as the horse rides up to a large house. It's old-fashioned like everything else in this world, made of stone and hosting long vines of ivy. Jowan halts at the gates and dismounts. He holds his hand out for you, and you follow suit.

He opens the door, leaning in.

"Pike! Where are you?"

A rail-thin man appears, bowing his head. "Sire."

Jowan gestures towards him. "Rose, this is Pike of Marrowglen, my seneschal. Pike, this is Rose, a traveler from far away. I want you to set her up in a room while I consult the grimoires."

Pike nods, and Jowan strides away towards an oaken door. You follow Pike up a set of stone stairs to a cold, barren room. Pike gestures towards the room and walks away.

An hour passes, very boringly. You are reading about ionic and covalent bonds in your book, the only thing to do, when Jowan barges in.

"Rose! We have to leave for the capital immediately!"

You look up. "Why?"

"The gods brought you here because Chaos is getting stronger. It's the only thing the gods will bring in visitors for."

"What does that mean?" you ask.

"Anarchy. Destruction. Fire and sword. Amunroth was rent apart the last time. We have to warn the king."

He stops, suddenly. "Good news, though. Only the gods can send you back, but if you restore the rule of Order, they will."

You sigh. "Alright. Let's go. I want to get home already."

"Alright! We need to get you a weapon," Jowan says. He leaves the room and you follow him down to a cellar room. Amongst other things, weapons line the walls.

List of weapons (you get one of these)

{{:

Two war knives

A broadsword

A bow and twenty arrows

A spear

A battleaxe

}}

"We have another problem. We need to choose a path. If we take the Great Road, it will be two weeks, and if we go through the Herlasvaald it will be one. But the Great Road is a lot safer, while the Herlasvaald is full of brigands, wolves, and demons."

Do you take:

A) the Great Road

B) the Herlasvaald

Also:

Choose a weapon!

OPTIONAL: Every weapon needs a name! What will yours be? Widowmaker? The Blade Omorashi? It's up to you!

Statistics

{{:

Health: 100

Stamina: 85

Bladder: 64

}}

Inventory:

{{:

Your phone, 23% charged

A Swiss Army Knife

Your chemistry 101 textbook

A water bottle

A tube of lipstick

A mirror

Your wallet: $20.52, your driver's license

A notepad and pen

}}

Relationships:

{{:

Allies with Jowan of Bauernhof

}}

*017*2014-07-02 06:05

Seeing as we came from America to this land, and we probably don't have alot of training in spears and claymores, I say go with the knives, because they probably aren't as heavy. And maybe easier to wield.

*018*2014-07-02 17:33

@blooper:Maybe a claymore or a magic sword will come later. But a claymore seems.a bit heavy for an 18 year old girl, and magic swords are pretty rare.

@vexer6: Wouldn't that be nice?

@OmoCommando: The sword is one handed, about two and a half feet long (or just shy of a meter). One could describe it as a longsword. But I will be counting your vote as spear.

Just to let you know, combat in this story will be as realistic as possible, not like Dungeons and Dragons or World of Warcraft. Whatever weapon you chose, you will suck with it for a while. (Good thing Jowan is a good swordsman.) If you have any questions about weapons (e.g. How do you fight with a spear? Can I name my sword Asshat?) PM me.

As the voting stands:

Great Road: 1

Herlasvaald: 2

Spear:1

Bow:1

Axe:1

Knives:1

*020*2014-07-02 20:31

I already voted knives, so I second ranpalan's name choise

*021*2014-07-02 20:33

Ok then. Knives (phobos and deimos) it is. Weapon voting is now closed

*022*2014-07-02 22:40

A note on proficiencies:

{{:

Now that you have gained a weapon, a weapon proficiency will show up in statistics. That just shows how good you are with the weapon. Fights and training will increase proficiency.

}}

{{:

I would have chosen knives too. In case you are interested, these knives are messers. Here's a link to the Wikipedia article about them (not super informative, best I could find) http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Messer_(weapon)

}}

You pick up the set of knives. The two of them are identical, each with one sharpened edge that curves away from the flat edge, then returns to meet it in a sharp point. They look deadly, and you suddenly feel a bit safer as you strap them to your jeans.

"Ah! Phobos and Deimos. Named after the companions of Sabazras, of course. God of war. Excellent choice."

{{:

You have become a Knifewoman. Proficiency: 0/10

}}

{{:

You have equipped yourself with Phobos and Deimos.

}}

"Where would you go?" you ask.

"I'd prefer the Great Road, of course, but if Chaos is indeed rising, we'll need to be quick. I say we go through the Herlasvaald."

You look at him. "Look, I'm just a girl. I haven't even started college yet! What can I do against Chaos?"

Jowan shrugged. "I don't know. But the gods must. You can save us, Rose. The gods are never wrong."

He strides out the door, and you follow. The two of you walk back out into the bright sunlight, where Pike is standing, with three saddled horses.

"Pike! Are you ready to travel?"

He nods. "Yes, sire." You notice he has a knife like yours at his hip, and a long sword is strapped amongst his bags. It appears you are traveling together.

{{:

You have Allied with Pike of Marrowglen

}}

Jowan hands you a small purse. "Here's all of our money. Since you're the leader, you may handle it."

You look at him, taken aback. "Why am I the leader?"

"You have been brought here from another world, madam. The gods have chosen you. You are fit to be leader." Pike replies.

You shake your head, looking into the bag. All of the money is coinage of various metals. Sighing, you toss the money into your bag.

{{:

Added to your inventory: Five silver aspri, fifteen bronze skellings, thirty-six tin skellings. (all of these are coins) Warning: inventory is now full.

}}

Jowan gestures towards one of the horses. "Sunflank over there is yours."

You walk over to her, smiling at the sight of the light-colored horse. She's a beautiful thing, who whinnies when she sees you. Already a few packs lie on her back; you tuck your bag in and vault up onto her.

Jowan, already on his horse, canters ahead down the road you came on, and you follow. It occurs to you as you head out that your bladder is even fuller than before, and is starting to get uncomfortable. But your companions are riding ahead, and you don't want to fall behind.

"You mentioned this guy Vajrindra," you ask. "Who is he?"

"The god of thunder and storms. Patron god of Vajrindrath." replies Jowan

"Which is?" you prompt.

Jowan sighed. "I guess I'll just tell you the whole story. A long time ago, before nations were formed, there was a woman named Cassia who was so beautiful, so kind, that she attracted the attention of two gods. Amunros, god of the sun, and Vajrindra. Vajrindra promised her wealth, power, the world. Amunros only promised her eternal love."

"She chose Amunros, right?" you say.

"Yes. They lived together happily, and they had a son. Jurian the Unifier. He founded the city of Amunroth, where we are venturing now, then rode forth and unified all of the nation of Amunroth. Where we are now."

"But Vajrindra felt that his pride was wounded, and so he descended to a nearby city, to find a wife as lovely as Cassia. He did, so they say, in a woman named Lucia. Together they had a son, Rakash, later known as the Conqueror, who founded the nation of Vajrindrath. It borders us to the East, over the Aurgel Mountains."

Pike suddenly speaks up. "Our two nations have warred for as long as our creations. The last war ended just ten years ago. If Chaos is indeed rising, a Vajrindran invasion may be tantamount."

You nod as a sudden pang hits your bladder. Every time the horse strikes the ground, your bladder makes itself known.

"Pike? How many hours do we have left?" asks Jowan.

"Not many. If we ride hard, we can make it to Vaaldedge by nightfall." says Pike.

"Alright." Jowan nudges his horse faster, and Pike follows. You ride off after them, your bladder protesting with the extra bumping.

You ride along the road until you reach a crossroads, where you take a left. You squirm a little in your seat as you ride along It shouldn't be too much longer to Vaaldedge, right? You can go when you reach there.

Just then, you hear a whizzing sound, followed by a thump. Sunflank rears up and neighs, sending you flying from your horse. You land hard, knocking the wind out of you and a drop of pee from your bladder.

Groaning, you look over to see a black arrow embedded in the dirt. Quickly, you stand up. Five men are crawling from the grass on either side of the road. One holds a crossbow, trained on you; two have swords and shields, and the other two have long polearms. All have the same tattered blue uniforms, except for the crossbowman, dressed in a dark green.

"Vajrindran soldiers!" Pike says.

"And an Aventinan crossbowman. Looking for trouble." says Jowan. "What would you have us do?"

Do you:

A) Fight! (If you choose this one, please detail your battle plan in comments.)

B) Attempt to talk to them

C) Run!

D) Bring out Pike's secret whiskey stash and have a drink before you die

E) Other

Statistics

{{:

Health: 95

Stamina: 73

Bladder: 81

}}

Inventory:

{{:

Your phone, 23% charged

A Swiss Army Knife

Your chemistry 101 textbook

A water bottle

A tube of lipstick

A mirror

Your wallet: $20.52, your driver's license

A notepad and pen

Five silver aspri, fifteen bronze skellings, thirty-six tin skellings

}}

Relationships:

{{:

Allies with Jowan of Bauernhof

Allies with Pike of Marrowglen

}}

Weapons:

{{:

Phobos and Deimos, twin knives

}}

Proficiencies:

{{:

Knifewoman: 0/10

}}

*024*2014-07-03 16:27

Somehow the post got screwed up. Everything is contained in the second spoiler

And the link doesn't work. Apologies

