Desperate for a New Beginning

Author: Sandra

*000*2011-11-28 09:29

Chapter One

The sun was blazing with unbearable heat as I jogged on the track with my friend Lillian. Well, she wasn’t exactly my friend…to be honest she was all I had left since my best friend moved to Florida and the whole school saw me as a nerdy, sheltered dweeb. I fucking hated that school, and though I told myself that time spent with Lillian made things better, it actually did quite the opposite.

“Come on, Amber! Almost there!” Lillian turned her head and she saw me trailing behind, gasping for air and a drink of water. “The last lap is almost over, let’s go!”

The demanding woman turned her view forward again and finished the lap. She took every wide step with confidence, and I found myself watching her blonde ponytail drift side to side until she slowed down to a stop and worked to catch her breath.

There I was; out of shape, chubby, worn out, and struggling with the fiber of my being to run the last few yards. I was clenching the air with my fists as I ran, appearing as if I was pulling myself on an imaginary rope. My speed was below average but I finally managed to finish the lap. I sat on the ground, nearly collapsed, and breathed violently out of pure exhaustion.

“It’s about time you finished.” Said Lillian, handing me a water bottle. Her face was stern and deprived of any sympathy for my weakness. “You’ve improved a bit but I know you could do better.”

“Thank you…Lillian…” I mumbled, discretely annoyed at Lillian’s heartless criticism. “…for agreeing to do this work out with me…to help me lose weight…” I tucked my thin brown hair behind my ear and tilted my head back to drink some water. It felt like liquid heaven entering into my system. I finished off that bottle in a minute’s time, wishing for more.

“No problem. You’re the one who created this work out plan, so if anyone should be slacking off near the end, it shouldn’t be you.” Lillian took another sip of her bottle and set it down next to her feet, on the brown, gravely track of Greenwood High School. Emerald green gleamed her determined eyes as she began to do simple stretches of her arms and legs.

Under my breath I reluctantly apologized. “I’m…sorry…” While she was busy stretching, I decided to sneak the water bottle from next to her and chug it, for I didn’t want to bother her with any more words.

“While you’re at it, Amber, don’t drink so much water at once. It will make you throw up, and though that would help you lose weight, it wouldn’t be in the healthiest way.” Appearing irritated, Lillian walked off to get her bag which she had left elsewhere on the track, not too far from their current spot.

“That’s mean…” My feelings were crushed beneath the harshness of her words.

“It’s common sense.” Is all that Lillian said in response. I wanted to scream, but I knew that would only cause more problems, so I remained seated and silent.

Lillian always had this dire need to control people and to speak her mind without using a filter. This was a couple of years ago, back when I was extremely shy and easily manipulated, so at the time, I considered Lillian as a friend. I convinced myself that her brutal honesty was helping me become a better person, so I figured it would be best to not speak against it. Lillian was a psychic vampire, I know it…she would feed off of other people’s energies to get what she wanted, she would force people to do things her way…what a bitch! Though she and I have both changed in positive ways over the past 2 years, it still angers me to remember all the times I let Lillian use me like a fucking doormat. Without her toying with me though…I would have felt completely alone.

Finally, I stood up. Lillian had retrieved her bag and was heading to the school gym like we did every week after jogging on the track. She didn’t even tell me. She knew I would follow.

I lazily left our plastic water bottles behind and started walking faster to catch up. While she was almost to the gym doors, I was only rushing on the long field of grass that lie before the school campus, and from a distance, Lillian was the size of a bug I could catch with my hand. If only I had gotten off of my fat ass sooner! As I continued to walk I could feel the fatness of my belly jiggle with every step, and with that I began to feel insecure about my body image. Right then and there I wanted to throw up to lose a few pounds, like Lillian had mentioned. Maybe she would be nicer to me, then.

“Hurry up, Amber!” The big-busted blonde shouted; her hand on the gym door. I was making progress; I could see Lillian a lot better now and it wouldn’t be much longer before I’d arrive to her destination. I kept that in mind as I turned my power walk into a light jog.

Suddenly though, I had to stop. It took me until after jogging the mile to notice how long it had been since I used the toilet, which was approximately the 2nd half of that school day, plus my workout with Lillian. My bladder sent an uncomfortable urge through my lower abdomen, causing me to stop for a moment with my legs clamped tight. Now that I think about it, I know I drank too much that day. I even had a can of soda at lunch! I instantly regretted not taking a bathroom break at school!

I sucked it up and started to jog again, successfully ignoring the tight feeling of my bladder as I crossed the street and caught up to Lillian at the door.

“You are so slow…” She muttered, opening the door and heading inside. “We haven’t even done much yet. 40 sit ups and some dumbbell work and you’ll be done for this week.”

I fought against my anger and silenced my revengeful thoughts toward Lillian. We entered the workout room of the school, where there were many machines and dumbbells and medicine balls and punching bags. While Lillian had experience with all of the types of machines in that room, I had only worked with a few in the past.

“Ok, Amber. Since you’re still recovering from our light workout, I’ll do the sit ups first. Keep count please.” I nodded and watched Lillian sit on the ground and lean back, with her pale kneecaps in the air. I began to think to myself about the dumbbell work, and how I had never written that in the exercise plan…

“Well, what are you waiting for?” She asked as I still stood. “Sit down and hold my feet! At least you get to sit for Christ sake!”

I clenched my teeth in rage and sat down to press my palms onto her white tennis shoes. To hide my upset desire to backlash at her cold remarks, I tilted my head down and let my short hair fall upon my face.

“Whenever you’re ready, Lillian…” I muttered. And at that, she started her sit ups.

“One…two…three…” I counted. In sacrifice of my anger, I glanced at Lillian for a little bit while she was exercising. I remember how vividly beautiful she was that day. Her eyes were closes, making her long eyelashes more noticeable…her skin was a fine and pale complexion…her brows were perfectly arched. And I couldn’t help but notice how her large breasts bounced beneath her white tee shirt after each sit up. I couldn’t deny it: I was deeply attracted to her. If it wasn’t for her power-hungry, selfish personality, I would have told her.

“28, 29, 30, 31…”

The pressure of my bladder distracted me from my dreamy thoughts. I flinched, keeping both hands on Lillian’s shoes, and I felt my bladder threatening to leak out from my capri-length sweatpants and onto the hard, thin carpeted floor. As I continued to count, I quickly positioned myself to where one of my heels pressed tightly against my vagina. It served as a good holding agent.

“38, 39, 40. Ok Lil, you’re done.” I let go of her feet and she smiled in accomplishment of her work.

“Alright then. Your turn.” She spoke those words softly, eyeing me as if she believed I would attempt to bail out of my own exercise plan.

I forced myself to forget about my need to use the bathroom and lay down on the ground, just like Lillian did before. I felt her firmly holding down my feet so I wouldn’t have a chance at escape. In every aspect of my life back then, I felt trapped…unable to escape from people’s manipulation and control. I choked back a tear and squeezed my eyes in pure desperation.

This will only take a minute. I thought to myself. Once I’m done, I’ll make a run for it.

“Ready…” Lillian spoke. I crossed my arms over my chest and waited to begin. “GO!”

I made haste in my workout, ignoring the pain of doing sit ups and focusing on holding in my urine. “5, 6, 7, 8…” Lillian was counting, making me more desperate to release all that was inside of me. The image of the number 40 was in my head, and I did my best to keep it there to stay focused on my goal and to not allow my thoughts to linger on my full bladder.

By the time I got to 15, I had to stop for a moment. I remained plopped on my back, gasping for more air, desiring the ability to finish the workout so I could go pee.

“Keep going, Amber!” Demanded Lillian. “You’re almost half way there, keep going!”

At that point my knees started shaking all over the place, and I knew my bladder would give way if I didn’t move my body. I had to keep going, or else…

“OK!” For once I yelled at Lillian, and my strength to do sit ups returned throughout the flame of my irritation. She suddenly got silent. I had never yelled at her before.

“24, 25, 26…” I struggled to keep my knees still as I pressed on, and I could see the image of the number 40 being replaced with a toilet. Almost there. Almost there. I kept thinking.

“Why are you moving your fucking knees?!” She exclaimed. Lillian suddenly placed her knees on my shoes and held my legs together with both hands. “You’re at 30 now, you can do it! 31, 32, 33…”

With nothing else being used to hold in my pee, my desperation spiked to a whole new level. I couldn’t stand the pain pulsing in my lower abdomen anymore. I managed to squeeze in a few more sit ups, but at 37 I could no longer last without a holding aide.

My back fell upon the floor again and I squirmed and struggled against the floodgate preparing to open. I removed my crossed arms from my chest and held my crotch firmly with both hands. Somehow I broke from Lillian’s strong grip on my knees, and I crossed one leg over the other. I hoped it would help me gain control so I could stand up and run to the bathroom. Lillian just sat there, looking confused and shocked at my ability to break from her strong hold. “Um…Amber?”

I squirmed against my hands so hard, but nothing I did was helping my bad situation. Gasps of embarrassment escaped from my mouth, for I felt myself leaking and all of my attempts to hold it had failed miserably. Tears were in my eyes as I was defeated by the call of nature.

A loud, hissing sound filled the room, and my panties were already flooded. Lillian blushed and continued to sit there, not knowing what to do or say in the midst of my accident. I fell on my side, still holding myself with my legs crossed, and the floodgates opened completely…despite my position. Lillian got a view of my backside with all of the pee dribbling out from my pussy, down my back thigh, and onto the floor. A puddle formed beneath me and I was crying in humiliation. It was horrible. And she still didn’t do anything.

When the hissing had stopped and my bladder completely emptied itself, I moved not even a muscle. I felt like I could have died right there, ashamed, in my own fucking puddle.

“Amber…” Lillian neared me, placing a hand on my shoulder. “Are you ok?”

I was shaking. Furious. Angry. It was the last fucking straw.

“DO YOU THINK I’M OK, LIL?!” I yelled, standing up swiftly. A big wet spot was apparent on my crotch as well as down my legs, but I didn’t care.

“This is the kind of shit that happens when you control people like puppets! I am sick of your shit, I don’t deserve your insults or your bossiness, and I don’t want to be your fucking friend anymore!” I thrust my head down immediately and cried, falling on my knees in exhaustion and hitting the warm wet ground with my fist.

I kept crying for a few more minutes, and that’s when she finally said something.

“Amber…you’re right.”

I looked up at her, speechless, wanting her to continue. She spoke no more, but I could see a hint of sadness in her eyes. I couldn’t see past my blurred vision clearly enough to know whether or not she was crying.

“Just go, Lillian! JUST GO!” I continued to cry both in embarrassment and in anger. The last thing I wanted was for anyone to see me sitting in my own puddle of pee. She angered me for the last time.

I watched her as she walked over to her bag, picked it up, and tossed me a pair of sweatpants from inside of it. She avoided eye contact and said, “You deserve better. I’m sorry.” With her head sunken down low, Lillian left me alone in the workout room, crying, humiliated, and frustrated at my life. There was a pounding in my head. I developed a headache from all of the stress, and I just had to go home before anyone would see the puddle I left in the room.

Quickly, I took off my soaked pants and darkened blue panties, and changed into the pants that Lillian had shockingly lent to me. I wondered why she suddenly felt sympathy for my situation and apologized…it was nice of her, but I just didn’t get it.

Tears continued to sting my eyes as I tossed the soaked clothes in the trash and went outside to walk home. I knew Lillian’s twisted, torturous tendencies…and I wanted to cry even more at the thought of her telling the whole school about my embarrassing accident. I didn’t care if Lillian said sorry. I didn’t trust that bitch at all! My life would be worse the next day at school as soon as everyone would know about my childish episode.

I wanted to hide away in my room and disappear forever…

