Mayu's high school dilemma

Author: Notme246

*000*2018-07-11 16:33

Hi, I'm Mayu the Gardevoir. I'm 17 years old, and I go to Rishfra High school. I'm gonna tell you the story of my little dilemma I had once.

So it all started when I woke up. I was pretty tired since I had been at a huge party the night before. It had lasted until 1:00 in the morning. Anyways, I got up, and was gonna go use the bathroom, brush my teeth, etc. But I looked at the clock and it was 8:20! And school started and 8:45!

I immediantly rushed to grab all my stuff and make a quick cup of coffee to wake myself up. Then I got in my car, and drove quickly. I looked at the time, 8:35, I had 10 minutes.

I finally saw the school and pulled up and parked. I quickly ran inside, speed walked to 1st period. (Because I couldn't run in the hallways).

I barely made it to class. Luckily nobody really cared that I was almost late. I sat down in my seat quickly and pulled out my notebooks just as the bell rang. I felt a small twinge in my bladder, but ignoref it.

"Ok class". The teacher, a female Chatot said. "Today we gonna to write an essay on-"

As she spoke, I pulled out a water bottle and drank half of it because I was tired from running so much. I felt my belly growl and gurgle. I wished I had been able to eat some actually breakfast.

I started to writing, and as I did I felt my belly rumble again. I put one hand on it and rubbed it a bit, then continued writing as I finished up my water bottle.

15 minutes before the end of first period, my belly rumble again, this time it wasn't from hunger though. 'Why is my stomach making so many noises?'. I thought to myself. Then felt a chill between my legs, then realized that I had to use the bathroom.

1st period only had 10 more minutes, and it wasn't bad. So I just waited it out. Once the bell rang, I got up and started out the door when the teacher stopped me.

"Mayu" she said. "You were nearly late today".

"I know, and I'm sincerely sorry..". I said

"Just don't let it happen again, got it?".

I just nodded and walked out. I headed towards the girls bathroom, felt a tap on my shoulder. I turned around to see my crush, Loxia the Celebi, looking at me.

You see, I'm a homosexual. And Loxia and I had been friends since kindergarten, and around Freshman year is when I realized I had feelings for her.

I blushed a bit seeing her. "H-hey Loxia" I said twirling my hair nervously. "Hi Mayu!" She said and hugged me, which me blush a lot more, and made me forget about my need for the toilet.

"Wanna go to 2nd period together?". She asked.

"Y-yes!" I said a but too quickly, completely forgetting my orginal intentions.

We walked to 2nd period, I sat in my seat. Loxia was in the seat next to me. 2nd period was math, which I was doing pretty bad in. Partly because math isn't my strong suit, but also because it was hard not to look at Loxia and just...admire her.

Halfway through class, I felt a strong twinge in my bladder, reminding me of my need for a toilet.

"S-shit". I said quietly. Loxia heard and looked over. "What's wrong?" She whispered. The thought of telling Loxia I needed to pee was too embarrassing to even think about. "N-nothing, I'm fine.". I whispered back.

Loxia went back to her work, and I did the same. Although I felt my belly growl again. Loud enough for Loxia to hear and giggle in response, which made blush from slight embarrassment.

"Your tummy's making nosies, did ya eat today?" She asked. "N-no, I was almost late so I didn't have time...". I said, even though hunger wasn't the main reason my stomach was growling.

I felt more growling, making me put one hand on my belly. I could feel more of the liquid in my belly slosh around and start to digest. Moving from my stomach to between my legs. I started to rub my legs together under my desk. 'I really gotta go..'. I thought to myself.

10 minutes till lunch break. I had one hand on my pee hole and the other on my work. Loxia had noticed, but she didn't ask me about it. I guess she knew I'd be embarrassed to tell.

My legs were shaking, I felt a wave a pressure, making me put both hands on my pee hole. I didn't care if the teacher saw me not doing work, I wasn't looking to wet myself.

The worst part is that I didn't have any panties on! I was in tok much of a rush this morning to put on any.

My belly felt bloated like it was gonna exploded, and it ached horribly. I put one hand on it and rubbed it. I didn't know how much long I could keep it in...

*to be continued*

