Locked out of the dorm (A Yu-Gi-Oh GX Fanfic)

Author: andrtyb

*000*2015-12-20 17:18

Cronos was hoping up and down holding his crotch,while making his way to the Obelisk Blue dorms to use the facilities.Poor Cronos was dying to take a leak when he finally reached the dorms.He just came from a concert and he had absolutely no chance to pee in there since all the bathrooms were too dirty for his refined tastes.It was terrible for Cronos and he ended up holding it for the all night.

What was worse was that the sprinkles just activated in that moment and they produced and they produced a loud tricking sound that was impersonating really well the sound of urinating.Cronos felt like he just can't take it anymore and rushed quickly to the dorms,hoping he'd find relief in there.

But then,the poor man was in shock when he found out that the door was locked.He almost wanted to scream.The pressure on his bladder was too much and small tears began forming in his beautiful grey eyes.He decided to call some of the other teachers to help him out in this awful situation.

He first called Chancellor Semajima,hoping he was home.Oh,no.He wasn't home at Saturdays,he should have known.But maybe Professor Daitokuji would help him out.He took the phone and tasted his number.While he was waiting with the phone at his ear,Cronos was bouncing and moving his legs,crossing them a bit to make sure the pee won't escape.

"Buongiorno,Signore Daitokuji! May I please speak to you for a moment,na no ne?" asked Cronos,looking beyond uncomfortable.

"Oh,sure.What is it?" responded Daitokuji on his usual calm tone.

"Listen,I'm locked out of the Obelisk Blue dorms and I don't have they key.Can you help me? I'm really having a problem right now,na no ne!" explained Cronos,barely being able to talk from all the pressure his bladder contained.

He should have mentioned that he needs to go to the bathroom,but he didn't want to embarrass himself,so he decided to keep his mouth shut.

"Oh,I'm so sorry,Cronos-kun.I can't come in there.I'm taking care of Pharaoh today.Bye!" replied Daitokuji closing the phone rudely in Cronos's face.

Poor Cronos-sensei was now shaking from that insufferable need to pee.It was building up in his abdomen and a sharp pain formed down there.The pain was so strong it felt like his bladder is gonna rupture at any moment.

Maybe Emi Ayukawa,the headmistress of the girl's dorm,would be more understanding.

"Hello,Signora Ayukawa! It's me,Cronos-sensei.I have a problem,na no ne!" said the effeminate man.

"What is it?" replied Emi from the other line.

"Well,you see,I just came from a concert and I wanted to enter into the boy's dorm,but I found it locked.I don't even have the key,na no ne" replied Cronos,benting over to reduce the pressure produced by the pee from his bladder.

"Oh,dear! Are you alright in there?" asked Signora Ayukawa,visibly concerned about the poor man's predictament.

Cronos sure was glad that someone cared about him,instead of rudely closing the phone in his face.

He didn't want to admit that he needs to pee,since all he could imagine was just how humiliating it would be,but since Signora Ayukawa seemed so nice and understanding towards him,he thought it wouldn't hurt to help her.

"And also,I think I might have another 'medical' problem,na no ne!" said Cronos,shifting from foot to foot,while bouncing a little.

"Sure,go ahead and tell me.I'm a nurse.Maybe I can help.Are you having a headache or something?" asked Emi in a worried tone.

"Well,no.I don't know how to tell you this,but...I actually need to use the restroom,really badly,and I don't know if I'm gonna make it.I'm outside and there's no place I can hide after,na no ne!" replied Cronos,keeping his hand tight in his crotch.

"Oh,no! You shouldn't hold it in if you need to go.It may cause serious infections later on.How do you feel?" asked Emi in shock.

"It hurts so much and I feel like my bladder is gonna blow,literally.I have nowhere to go and all the other teachers either weren't home either closed me the phone,na no ne!" explained Cronos,blushing deeply since he had never had to describe his urge to pee so detailed.

"This is not good.You can injure yourself if you keep holding it.I've heard many causes where people actually died due to urinal infections" replied Emi.

Cronos was really scared now.He never knew he can die from holding it in so long.

"So,are you gonna come and help me,na no ne?"

"What?! Are you nuts? Not now! I'm practicing for my sportive competition.Help yourself,you whiner!" responded Ayakawa rudely,closing the phone.

Well,Cronos definitely didn't expect this to happen.He almost felt hurt by the woman's harsh statement.He knew he couldn't call Professor Kabayama since he was participating in a chili-making contest,so there was no hope for him.

The poor blonde-haired man was so desperate to pee he thought he'd lose control at any minute.He tried to keep his legs crossed tightly and his mind focused on dry thoughts,avoiding anything water-related.

Maybe his 'precious' students would be much kinder.Cronos decided to call Manjoume,the best Obelisk Blue student to help him out.

"Buongiorno,Signor Manjoume! I have a problem,na no ne.I just got locked out of the...!" said Cronos in his tick Italian accent.

However,Manjoume interrupted him quickly before finishing his sentence.

"Hold it right there,lipstick-wearing freak! I'm arranging my duel deck right now! So if you need something,take it yourself! Cause I don't care in the slightest.Good bye!" replied Manjoume,also closing the phone in the teacher's face.Cronos was so angered by that student's behavior,but Manjoume closed the phone so fast,he couldn't even reply back to him.

Now the desperate teacher sat himself on the edge of the stairs with his legs crossed,hoping someone would come over soon with the key.Then,he'd be able to get in,use the bathroom and finally go to sleep after that exhausting night of concert.He got up and began looking through the transparent glass the door was made of,his eyes trying to find the bathroom door that was placed a little bit further to be seen,but he was still able to see a small glimpse of it.Tears began forming in his eyes,one side from the pain and the other side from the fake hope of relieving himself the small glimpse of the bathroom gave him.

Cronos sure hoped Signora Asuka from the Ladies's dorm would come and help him since she was on of his best students.

He decided to give another try,hoping this time he'd have luck.

While forming the number,Cronos was slightly bouncing with his hips crossed humming an Italian song to keep his mind 'off' his problem.

"Buongiorno! Signora Asuka!" replied Cronos,trying to hide the desperation in his voice.

"Oh,hello,professor! What is it?" asked Asuka,in her usual monotone voice.

"I just came from a concert and I found the dorm's door locked when I wanted to enter.I can't find the key anywhere,na no ne" replied Cronos.

"Can you hang on in there? I'll come in a second" said Asuka,preparing to leave.

"Oh,thanks.Signora Asuka,you are the kindest person I talked to during this time.Just hurry up,cause it's really cold in here" explained Cronos,benting over and fidgeting as much as he could.

Asuka had just opened her dorm's door to leave,when suddenly,her roommates,Junko and Momoe appeared.

"Asuka-sun,what are you doing? We are ready to go to shopping.Why aren't you ready yet?!" asked Junko,offended.

"I can't go! Professor Cronos is locked out of his dorm and I've got to help him" replied Asuka in her serious tone.

"And who cares about that damned transvestite anyway! Just leave him in there! He won't die if he stays outside for another 4-5 hours anyway" said Momoe,rudely.

"He said it's an emergency.We can't just leave him like this" replied Asuka concerned.

"Listen,are you coming with us or not? Cronos-sensei can wait.I don't care about him in the slightest anyway" said Junko,acting just as rude as Momoe.

Asuka couldn't find other way around,so she decided to go out with her female friends.After all,a few hours of shopping will probably help her relax.With that said,she took her phone and called Cronos back.

"Oh,signora Asuka,are you coming,na no ne?" asked Cronos who was doing a totally desperate pee-pee dance in that moment.

"Well,no.I'm not coming! Right now,I'm going with Junko and Momoe to the mall,but I guess 5 hours of fresh air wouldn't hurt you.Bye!" said Asuka,closing the phone on the same monotone voice she usually had.

Cronos was in pain.His overly full bladder was screaming for relief.He sure hoped no one was around,so he could do his pee-pee dance without fearing that someone is gonna see him.

Daichi Misawa from the Ra Yellow dorm was not only a great duelist,but he was also a really nice young man and Cronos knew he'd help him out of this terrible situation.

The professor began tasting Daichi's phone number,hoping he would respond.

"Oh,hi!" said Misawa on his friendly tone.

"Signor Misawa! I'm so glad you responded,na no ne! It's me,Professor Cronos de Medici.I'm outside,locked out of my dorm room,I don't have they and I'm dying to get in since devo andare al bagno,na no ne" explained Cronos,feeling that he can't take it anymore.He just had to admit his need to go at one point or another.He just hoped Misawa would be able to come in there as quick as possible,knowing how desperate the poor teacher was.

"Don't worry,Professor Cronos.I'll try to arrive as quick as possible so you can get in and relieve yourself" replied Misawa,obviously concerned about the teacher's health.

"Oh,thanks,Signor Misawa.Please,hurry up! I really need to go,na no ne!" replied the man hobbling up and down.

"Okay,just wait till Mr Kabayama's chili contest is over.This would be in 4 hours.You can wait right?" replied Misawa in a happy tone,not realizing the agony Professor Cronos felt in that moment.

"Oh,no! I can't wait that longer! This is a real emergency,na no ne" said Cronos,holding his crotch.

"There's nothing to worry about,sir! You can do it! Just try to distract yourself.This usually helps.Just try not to think about,you know,don't think about waterfalls,oceans,rivers,lakes,water fountains,flushing toilets,people peeing in urinals,lemonade,dripping faucets and oh,I just come out with something you shouldn't think about : try especially not to think about that peeing baby sculpture,Manneken Pis,I think it was called..."

Misawa had no time to finish his sentence since Cronos suddenly closed his phone,not being able to take it anymore.

All these water temptations certainly didn't help.All they did was to worsen up his strong urge to go.Cronos placed both of his hands on his crotch,trying to keep all that pee inside.

Professor Cronos was obviously feeling uncomfortable to call Yuki Judai from Osiris Red dorm to help him out since he didn't have a very good opinion on the Osiris Red students,but his bladder certainly had no other choice.If he didn't call someone right in that moment,he would probably end up peeing his pants.Cronos just couldn't imagine the embarrassment he'd suffer if he did that.

With that said,he took the phone and formed Judai's phone number.Despite the fact it was afternoon,Judai was still sleeping with Shou in the Red dorm,when suddenly,the phone ringed.

"What is this,aniki?" asked Shou,sleepily,not wanting to wake up.

"I think someone just called me.Let me check!" with that said he took the phone and responded.

"Signor Judai,it's me,Professor Cronos.Where are you right now,na no ne?" he asked

"Oh,hi Cronos-sensei! I'm just in my dorm with Shou.What happened?" asked Judai cheerfully.

"I'm in a really desperate situation,na no ne! I just got locked out of my dorm room and I'm dying to get in.I can't find my key anywhere.Can you please come in there to open the door,na no ne?" asked Cronos,shifting his legs back and forth.

"I'm sorry,sir.I can't come in there right now.It's not that I'm stuck with something,but I'm so tired and Shou will probably get scared if I leave him alone.But don't worry,someone will come at you and let you in at one point or another.Maybe today,maybe tomorrow,maybe never.Don't worry! Someone will certainly come at you! Bye,Cronos-sensei!" greeted Judai happily,closing the phone and coming back to sleeping.

The poor man was practically crying right now! Why did all of his students were so mean to him? All Cronos wanted in that moment was to get in his dorm,relieve himself in the bathroom,eat something and go to sleep.

That concert was exhausting and he drank so much coke.The organizers of the concert offered it to him and,not wanting to seem impolite,he had no choice but to drink it.Also,excusing himself to go to the bathroom in the middle of a festivity was just rude,so he decided to stay in there and wait till the concert was over.

Once it was over,Cronos headed towards the bathrooms,but he was shocked to see how disgusting and dirty the men's room was,so he left instantly without using it.It was awful! And now,once he arrived to the dorms,no one wanted to open him the door.

Just then,Tome-san came in to clean up the dorm.Cronos was so happy to see her.He couldn't believe someone was actually there!

Finally,Tome-san would open the door and let him in,so he could experience that nice heavenly feeling of relief when all the bladder's muscles relaxed and let it all out.The feeling of finally being able to let it out after holding it in for so long was amazing! Cronos tried to get these thoughts out of his mind,otherwise he'll end up peeing himself due to so many temptations.The fact that someone was finally there was all that mattered for Cronos.

"Tome-san,it's so good to see you,na no ne! Would you mind if you'd open the door for me? I have been stuck in here for hours.I'm really having trouble right now,na no ne!" asked Cronos,happy to seer her.

But Tome-san was so busy in that moment that she didn't respond.Once she opened the dorm's door with the key she began cleaning it up quickly.

At the sight of the open dorm,Cronos rushed to get in to use the bathroom,but Tome-san came back so fast he had no time to do it.She took the key and locked back the dorm right after she finished cleaning it up.

"Excuse,Tome-san,but would you min opening the door once again,na no ne? I really need to get in to take care of ... something." asked Cronos,who despite the cold temperature outside,he was sweating from all the nervousness his urge to pee caused him.

"What are you saying? I had just finished cleaning it up and now it has to dry off.No one is allowed to enter in there for the next 3 hours." explained Tome-san leaving,while humming a song to herself.

Once Tome-san left,Cronos sat himself on the edge of the stairs's dorm,placed both of his hands on his crotch and began crying in pain.Nothing was worse than that awful feeling of having to hold it in an not being able to let it go.The fake hope of being so close to relieve himself didn't help either.Now,there was no chance for him to make it in time.Hot tears began dripping from his eyes down his cheeks.It was just so much pain for him.He was obviously doing everything possible to hold it in.Now,his bladder was so full those methods were no use.

Suddenly,a huge torrent of pee began reversing from his bladder,completely soaking his pants,dribbling into his boots and producing a really audible gushing sound.It took him a whole minute to let all that urine out of his bladder,while crying and blushing in embarrassment.It felt so relieving to let all that pee out,but wetting himself like this was certainly NOT something to be happy about.This was so gross and inappropriate,not to mention this day had already become one of hi worst! A huge yellow puddle formed beneath his feet.Oh,no! Everyone would be able to see it once they come back! Cronos sat himself down in the puddle and began crying so much at the point where he couldn't even stop.His eyes were red from so many tears and he felt like he was gonna have a heart attack from the shock that wetting produced him.He was still shaking now,both from the cold weather and from the shock he just had.

What was worse was that the dorm will be closed for another 3 hours,which meant he was gonna have to wait another 3 hours in that cold autumn wind.It was so freezing and chilly,not to mention the possibility of catching a cold if he stood wet outside.All the poor man could think about was getting into the dorm,taking off those soggy wet clothes,taking a nice hot bath to clean himself up and changing into a new set of clothes.

Unfortunately,Cronos knew this was not gonna happen soon,so with tears in his eyes,he began waiting in the cold.

He was already couching and sneezing.Oh,no! It seemed he caught a cold already!

*002*2015-12-22 17:05

{{:

I assume the "trap" tag was a mistake?

}}

Nope,Cronos is male character who looks like a woman.

*004*2016-01-02 03:05

{{:

Ehhh... He doesn't fit my bill of a trap. He hardly looks like a woman and definitely doesn't dress as one. I would suggest the removal of the trap and crossdressing tags. Looking past the tag issue, the story itself was alright. I largely had to remove myself from trying to follow the characters and everything, but that's due to me not knowing the Japanese iterations of the names

}}

I don't know.He just seemed really feminine to me.Like,when I first saw him I thought it's a woman.I think it was because of the long blonde hair,purple lipstick,earrings and pink frills.

I think most people are gonna wonder why I wrote a desperation story of this character in the first place.I just found him to be quite interesting.But anyway,the purpose of this fanfiction is to be more humorous than arousing.I think I should assume that the clothing Cronos wears DO LOOK hot (in my opinion anyway).

I know most of the characters don't act like how they should (eg:Emi being a complete jerk,Judai and Shou being so uncaring,Tome-san being unkind,Misawa being so stupid,Asuka and her friends being really harsh,Professor Daitokuji acting rude,even Manjoume is not that mean in his usual self compared to how I made him) but I guess that was just for comedic effect.Like I know that's definitely not how these characters would actually act in their usual selfs.I think they would actually come to help Professor Cronos if he was locked out of his dorm,needing the bathroom.

