Rose Tyler: In Need of More Time

Author: randomname12

*000*2015-01-31 02:16

Rose Tyler hoisted herself up on the handrails of the TARDIS interior, playfully swinging to and fro. "Where're we off to today, Doctor?" she inquired with a bursting grin on her face, chewing gum in her cheek. She was hoping the TARDIS would land somewhere soon, because she was beginning to need the loo, to be honest.

The Doctor looked up from the console, unfurrowed his brow and replaced it with his trademark smirk. "Well," drawing out the 'e' with a croak rattling around his throat, "you'll just have to wait and see." With a second or too to grin again at Rose as she swung on the rails like a curious child, he rubbed his stubbly throat and returned to flick the many mysterious switches of the TARDIS and was received with a grating 'whoosh'.

Rose leapt up the metal mesh stairs dimly lit by the ethereal golden interior, grabbed her pink jacket tossed over a lever on the console and peeked over the Doctor's pin-striped shoulder. "C'mon", she friskily purred in his ear, with a wide-mouthed smile. "I've been stuck in this bloody TARDIS for hours. Call yourself a Time Lord? You've wasted 3 hours of time already!"

The Doctor smirked again, eyes still on the glowing levers and switches. "Talk to me again like that, missy, and you'll be out that door floating through the cosmos! Only a few million kilometres of drifting to the nearest uninhabitable planet."

"Yeah?" Rose challenged. In a lower tone, so close to the Doctor's ear she could nearly feel the bristly stubble on his cheek, "I'd like to see you try..." Her tongue lingered on her front teeth cheekily, as though she'd not finished her sentence.

The Doctor merely chuckled slightly under his breath in acknowledgement of her banter, his concentration on navigating unrelenting.

Rose released her tongue with a defeated click, her wide toothy smile faded slightly. "Right, well, you better tell me when we're getting close" she said in an attempt to recover her lost pride, patting him on the shoulder, "and there better be dog people."

The Doctor looked up, his eyebrows raised. "Dog people?"

"Yep, you know, like aliens who look like dogs. I mean, cat people? Been there done that," she explained. "A girl needs a bit of excitement and variety in her life. Mum used to say that, when she was bored and alone in her dressing gown, bless."

The Doctor gave her his full attention, looking at her, no, into her, with those almond eyes so deep you could almost see the shifting golden scrawls of Gallifreyan spiralling within them. In a low and deep tone so serious it frightened her (but also, dare she admit, left her with a bead of sweat under her collar), he grimaced "mention your mother again and I really am kicking you out into that asteroid belt. I still haven't recovered from the last meal she cooked us." His grave tone was swapped with a flash of that smug smile. "Oi! Her baked beans weren't that bad!" Rose slapped him on the backside and ran off giggling into the chambers of the TARDIS.

The Doctor's smile followed her trail as she left. He returned to the console, but then added with a yell "you know the Canid people of Jarar-7 cause a complete detour, right? I'm going to have to change our whole route!'

He didn't think she heard the echoes through the immense maze of the TARDIS, until he heard her joking demand, "you see to it, Captain!"

The Doctor chuckled with a shake of his head and began inputting coordinates. "You heard the order, old girl," he murmured as the TARDIS seemed to reluctantly grind and groan.

On the other side of many hexagon-spangled TARDIS walls, Rose leant and slid down in relief, glad her failed flirty comment hadn't caused a shift in their friendship, but there was something else bothering her as well. The TARDIS had no toilets.

Rose was beginning to feel the edge on her bladder after another few impatient hours. She walked up the TARDIS stairs tenderly with a slight cross-legged waddle to her step. The Doctor was under the console, throwing away cables and doodads she thought must have been important, surely. "Doctor?"

The Doctor craned his neck, slamming it into the above TARDIS panel. "Yep? How can I help you?" he said with a grin, though his hand vigorously rubbed his bruised scalp.

"Firstly, when are we going to arrive?" She asked, trying to restrain the urgency from infecting her voice. "Secondly..." she added, "... What the blooming hell are you doing?" Her eyes scanned the green glowing bolts and tools littering the floor.

The Doctor laughed a single 'ha!' and grabbed a wrench. "I'm adding a built in radio to the console. Brilliant, huh?"

Rose laughed, bewildered. "Uh huh. What do you listen to, anyway? Dalek dub step?"

"What? I've never been a fan of electronica. No, I was thinking the Earth classics like Elvis. He gave me his album himself, you know."

"Alright, put an aux input thingo in there too and I'll plug up my iPod. Did you ever meet the Backstreet Boys? N-Sync? Britney Spears?"

The Doctor looked at her like she sometimes did at him when he rattled off the taxonomy of a species found deep within the Andromeda Galaxy.

"Right, well I know where you're takin' me for my birthday then, don't I? Back to the 90's!" she laughed, until her forceful guffaws caused a slight leakage downstairs. Her smile vanished and her brown eyes darted down. Her knees were pretzled and the spurt subsided, but it took a lot of her brazen stubbornness and willpower to refrain from grabbing her crotch. She looked at her scuffed sneakers and found no trace of a puddle, and looked up at the Doctor (still distracted by his envisioned radio, luckily), flustered. She flicked her peroxide hair that had fallen over her face in her panic away, and coolly muttered "Right, well. Doctor? When are we getting to err, Janid... Jarsa-"

"Jarar-7"? He offered, head still concealed under the console amidst cables running like vital arteries. "Well, as I said, it's in the other direction and I needed to reroute a lot of the TARDIS' core power so I wouldn't disintegrate under here while I figured out how- I mean, built the radio that I clearly know how to construct."

"Okay." That was not the thought running through her head, however. She regretted making such a ridiculous remark about bloody dog people- she just wanted a change of subject after her risky flirt had gone unnoticed, perhaps unwanted? She shuddered, too embarrassed to think about it, and now certainly too embarrassed to admit she was bursting for the loo. Time Lords and TARDISes never had the premonition to build (or grow?) a facility they would never need.

With a hasty turn on her heels, she waddled back down the stairs, wincing with each jolt. Her somewhat damp underwear was cold, uncomfortable and chafing as she retreated to her room as quickly as her swollen bladder would allow.

The Doctor began to throw around impressive jargon, waiting for Rose's impressed and ego-stroking (though at times, he suspected, possibly sarcastic) oohs and ahhs, but crawled out from the console just in time to see Rose uncomfortably shuffling into the chambers of the TARDIS.

~~~~~

Sorry, I know it's not great, I've cut it short and it's not heavy on omorashi, but it's my first fanfiction and I just wanted to experiment a little bit with the characterisation. If you don't like it, I get it! I don't even like it myself! Feel free to critique. I might add the more omorashi-related second chapter if you want.

Thanks!

