Anime Omo - Neon Genesis Evangelion (Shinji)

Author: heimdal

*000*2020-04-14 17:49

14 year old Shinji Ikari slammed his fist into Eva-01 in frustration. After the most recent encounter with Sandalphon, during which both he and Asuka had nearly met an untimely, magma-induced end Shinji had become determined to be a better pilot. Shinji’s feelings towards Asuka were far too complicated for his adolescent brain to sort through, but he was certain that he wanted her respect and attention, it was the only explanation for him piloting his Eva unit into a volcano to rescue her.

“Shinji!”

He snapped back to attention as he heard Misato shouting at him. “Come on kid, I know you can do better than this…” Shinji sighed and looked over at her from the VR training module; he was exhausted, hungry, and he needed to pee, but he had swore to Asuka that he would finish the mock mission. As he looked over to the railing on the platform above he saw Asuka glancing at him while pretending to check her phone. She and Rei had finished nearly an hour ago. He was furious to see Rei chatting amiably with Gendo, his biological father. Gendo caught Shinji staring at him and walked over to Misato. “You should just call it a day, he’s never going to be able to get this.” He spoke loudly enough for his voice to carry around the room and Shinji reddened in embarrassment and anger.

“Misato!” He was horrified when his voice cracked as he shouted, but he hurried on, “set the training module to EX12!” Misato and the other girls gave him a stunned expression, “A-are you sure kid? You haven’t even been able to handle EX9…” Shinji glowered at this reminder, but he felt a cold fury which compelled him to show his father and Asuka that he could be every bit the pilot that Rei was. Misato hesitated even after Shinji confirmed; at that level the simulation would deliver full physical responses to his body mirroring the actual responses of the combat.

The simulation would not let him be killed, obviously, but he could be seriously injured all the same. The idea was to simulate the true life-or-death circumstances of combat. His father laughed, “if the idiot wants to show off let him try, maybe he’ll learn something.” Misato sighed and set the initiation timer. As the cockpit closed and the VR screens activated he tried to adjust his boxers; he was wearing shorts instead of his regular suit because (a) it was only training and (b) it was hot as hell in the training cockpit. Shinji had kept himself hydrated, but he was paying the price at the end of the day as he sat with an uncomfortably bulging bladder. The simulation started as he was still trying to get comfortable, but he quickly forgot about his body and was fully immersed in the mission.

It was a multi-angel attack on a giant city. Shinji maneuvered his Evangelion through spiraling skyscrapers keeping low to the ground, hoping to catch the nearest by surprise from below. The gambit seemed to work until the second angel, charged him, forcing Shinji to disengage. This simulation was by far the most intense Shinji had ever encountered. As the training levels increased, both the difficulty and the realism scaled up, and he was surprised at the strength of the jolt he received from that haptic feedback mechanisms, letting him know in no uncertain terms that he had been struck.

As he worked desperately to avoid the onslaught he felt a knot of terror forming in his belly. The haptic shocks were very real, and at this level he knew that he could land in the hospital if he wasn’t careful. Honestly he hadn’t given a ton of thought to this idea beyond the simple goals of pleasing Asuka and proving his maturity to his father, and he was now seriously regretting his impulsive decision. The third angel had stopped terrorizing the city to join the Shinji-hunt as well, and Shinji was barely able to avoid a devastating blindside attack.

If Shinji’s brain had been working he would have realized that he was terrified, which for him was nothing new. In the past, however, the peril of his friends had driven him to courage. Here he was alone. He knew in the back of his mind that there were no real people to save, and without that mental fortification he was driven into a panic even beyond that of an actual battle. Forgetting his pride he screamed for Misato to turn off the simulation.

When no end came to the simulation Shinji felt tears sting his eyes and regained a small measure of composure as he realized he was starting to cry with Asuka and the others all watching him. Choking back his tears he spun around and made a dangerous gambit to break the enemy formation, a gambit which, while brave, failed utterly. As the three angels quickly regained formation and charged Shinji realized that he was doomed. As he gave into terror he was vaguely aware of warmth spreading under him, but he had to think, he had to… The simulation froze suddenly, as his unit was hit. Shinji felt no impact but was shaking uncontrollably as the cockpit slowly opened.

As Shinji realized how badly he had focused on not bursting into tears; that would undoubtedly come later when he was alone. But as he looked up he realized they were all staring, stunned, at his crotch. Shinji turned his thoughts to the region faster than his eyes could travel, he felt damp, no, soaking wet, but why… Suddenly Shinji realized that he had wet his pants during the exercise. Even now thin trails of urine were running down the seat and pooling into the floor beneath him. He didn’t have to pee at all anymore, meaning he must have completely emptied his bladder.

As the force of his predicament hit him, Shinji couldn’t hold back the tears. After setting out to prove his maturity he had pissed his pants in fear, at age 14, on a fucking training mission! Nobody spoke, but the face of his father conveyed more than words ever could. Ignoring Misato as she tried to say something, Shinji ran, and didn’t stop running until he was completely out of breath. Somehow, despite all of terrible things that had happened to him in the last year, THIS was the worst he had ever felt, and he knew it would be a long time before he would be able to look his father in the face again.

