The Piss Tax - Page 3

Author: bes31

*052*2018-02-05 06:19

Yeah.... I'm sorry for stopping, I became super busy and frankly, the story was going in a pervier direction than I anticipated-- didn't want to right anything that I would regret.

Still, maybe someday I'll come back, but I haven't written erotica in almost a year.

EDIT: NVM

*053*2018-02-05 07:29

Ah, fuck it:

Chapter 9

(This chapter is a little back-story heavy, just so that new readers can pick up things about the world. I suggest anyone to read through the beginning. This story is has a lot of characters, and this only focuses on two of them).

Make America Piss Again

Melissa grinned slightly at the small bumper sticker of the car in front of her, tiny and miniscule, with a yellow liquid overcoming the known logo, dripping in for a cheap gag. This type of cheap gag, which festered ever since the creation of the Piss Tax, was telling of just how fucked up everything had been. Somehow, someway, a country like America could decide that pissing itself, was not a human right. Imagine: the fore-fathers staring at a world where their buckets and outhouses were controlled for economic gain.

These types of political thoughts kept Melissa going as she neared 36 hours without a single dollop of relief. In the front of her car, the searing, cramping pain had enveloped the bottom of her body, the cramped conditions of the Smart-Car mixed strangely with her long, strong legs, and focus on the road was constantly being diverted. It wasn't the pain, mind you, that hurt Melissa so much, but the easiness of which she could eliminate the pain that drove her crazy. A push on her pelvis, and the filled bladder could release into the small car. But Melissa was not going to do that, are you crazy, she was professional, and in control, and devoid of such desires.

The Piss-Tax, Melissa remembered, was not responded to with anger and distraught rage, but with confusion. The notion of it all seemed impossible and strange (how could you prevent such an act), funny stories of such a personal matter, and the figurehead behind it all: Senator Sofia Hill. Hill was an older Senator, with pasty white skin and bleached white-blond hair, her eyes siezed control, and her posture did much of the same. She stood at a podium with a flaccid smile, thinking that the words she spoke were intelligent, and meaningful.

"In America, we simply do not have the funds to contrinue running this government in such a way!" Sofia yelled, with a meandering of chicanery. "Our people-- The people of this country have lived in comfort due to the apathy and imcompetence of the American government, leaving us almost 20 quadrillion dollars in debt! Unfortunately, this debt, along with many other portions of the government, must inevitably be paid. And they will be paid." It was all so endearing, the plastered smile as Hill -- who might as well be the devil with her uppity maliciousness-- cried out for taxes on the food we eat, where we sleep, on being poor, on being rich, on being smart, on being dumb, and mostly on being desperate.

"My fellow Americans. I understand that some of you will find these new taxes... Well, strange, but they are necessary to keep the way of life that we so desperately love." Using that adjective in the speech was about as cruel as you could be, and Sofia's smile proved it. This morning, Melissa had read that Sofia's daughter had been found near the Lincoln Memorial, pissing a jet as she weeped of "Unfair Treatment". Poor girl, Melissa pondered, doing that and being Sofia Hill's daughter, she was fucked.

All these thoughts about taxes caused Melissa to briefly hum out "Taxman" by The Beatles. They'd tax your feet, they'd tax your air, but Paul Mccartney never realized they'd tax his penis. Melissa smiled, with just enough relaxation to-- Spurt!-- Melissa slammed the breaks on the car as she felt a dollop of hot liquid enter her panties. Luckily, she was wearing black, but still an accident would be detrimental.

Now, most of the lack of anger on the Piss Tax was because of the other alternatives proposed by Hill. The first was the Federal Taxation on Sexual Activities, which was what the name suggested, porn consumption, sex toys, condoms, birth controls, babies, all taxed. This proposal was half-way to having a chastity belt with a coin slot, it didn't fly with the less puritans of the country. Next was Federal Taxation of Recreational Activities, which meant that if you weren't working you were constantly being taxed-- this one didn't work as well. The problem was finding something that all people had to do, and had to pay for, but would not danger themselves if they refused.

The Piss Tax was born in 2019. The main benefactor leading to its rise was the movement away from paper currency to the more modern e-currency, known as credits, it operated the same way without inflation (another genius idea by Sofia Hill, the inner economist in Melissa trembled). This meant that all it took for any public property to add the tax would be a small lock on the door. In your house, inspectors would come and implement their own locks to your own bathrooms. Land of the Free Melissa thought, who knew that a small change would highlight how far this nation has fallen.

Everyone knew that the nation was fucked, but it wasn't until the arrests started to occur that people felt the hot-shit. After the Piss Tax was implemented, the general consensus was that the actions would not cause paying for toilets, but outright rejections of bathrooms themselves. Melissa knew this, she was one of them, suddenly she had went from morning pisses and loo squatting to whatever wall she could find-- some necessary, some in acts of protests. But when friends of her who evaded the system in the same way suddenly found themselves in prison, Melissa squared up. Paying the toll.

Some people found it American to use the toilets, and called holders like Melissa (who refused constant usage on the grounds of money) as Unamerican. Either way, Melissa did more for the country than most of those Assholes would ever know, but it wasn't time to be angry as mostly Melissa needed to pee. She squirmed around, her long legs pacing back and forth on the traffic laden road. Turning her head, she noticed a large cup of soda, her husband's, she presumed. Maybe, she could pee into it and give into the pain-- No! She couldn't, this hold, this full bladder, it was important. Not to her, mind you, but to--

"Call from... James."

"Ah shit." Melissa muttered to herself before speaking to the Smart Car. "Answer."

The speaker cracked as a familiar voice spoke through, deep with touches of wear. "Hello honey."

"Hey! Driving to work now."

"Are you---"

"Absolutely bursting." Melissa danced slightly, hopefully she'll survive the traffic.

"That's nice-- I hope you'll make it."

"I hope so too." She always tried to keep a full pot for her husband, even if he can be stressed, a dying need always did it for him. It was the best part for the holders, some times someone comes along that make some good out of the pain. With that reminder, and a smile, Melissa Brooks exited off of the highway.

*056*2018-02-05 20:33

Thanks for the kind words. It's funny, as I've written a lot in the last few years and coming back to what I wrote was fun and sort of frightening.

I mean, two years ago I thought the sentence "The doors to the office swung open, meaning either somebody left or somebody came in. " was acceptable.... Jeez, I make Dan Brown look like Shakespeare :(. Hopefully my writing has improved lol.

Now, I just wanted to give three notes about this story before I continue on.

Note 1: I want to clarify something I said on an earlier post. I said that I wasn't comfortable with the narrative that I was creating, and this is still true, and I will change the narrative to make something I am more comfortable with. Honestly, sexual harassment in the workplace is not a thing that should be fetishized and it was really shitty of me to do that, any I'm sorry for it. I'll change the narrative when I get to it (I want to make it a little more cultural and less harassment based). We'll see where it goes when we get there, I guess.

Note 2: In the header of the website, there is a girl who is curling a bone. I have no idea why this girl has a bone (on Christmas, especially) or why she seems to be finding it so difficult. For now on, I consider this girl my muse.

Note 3: Daniel2 asked for a side story about Marcy's accident. It's definitely part of the story, and the narratives will come together, but I don't plan on writing any more about that special bout of desperation (aftermath, maybe, we'll see). That said, if anyone wants to write a side-story or expansion on the world, that's perfectly cool, just PM me.

Either way, that's all-- It was nice to see praise after so much time off. I think I'll come back to writing this regularly for the time. If y'all have any questions, just leave them and I'll answer.

Bes31

*057*2018-02-05 22:43

Chapter 10:

Caia Hoo regularly delved in hyperbole to get her point across-- it was just who she was. To Caia, the day was always "the best day ever", a minor annoyance "was the worst thing that had ever happened to her", a slight obstacle was "the hardest thing she ever had done". It was how she talked, it was how she lived, on the edge of hyperbole. Now, most of these were ridiculous, almost all of them were false, but one in her lexicon was very true.

"You don't know holding until you've been with my parents." Caia spoke with decisiveness and ego, nodding her head as if she expected empathy and amazement. Missy was not impressed though, she watched her in the elevator with a blank face and distrustful eyes. Missy didn't believe a word that Caia said, understandable, since five seconds ago Caia had claimed that "This is the craziest thing I've ever done!" Hyperbole: Caia lived it.

"I'm serious, Missy! You have no idea!" The elevator hummed along as Caia justified. She understood her doubt, hyperbole was constant, and also the fact that last night Missy had watched as Caia had an accident. Embarrassing, Caia put last night in the back of her head, if she thinks about it she might keen over and die of embarrassment-- hyperbole, again. Missy didn't care, though, but that mattered very little for Caia, she trudged upwards.

"My parents used to make me hold it for hours! Days!... Weeks!" Missy looked over again, doubtful. Hyperbole. "I mean, not weeks-- that would be impossible. But it felt like it. Sometimes they would---"

"Caia-- I don't care." Missy interrupted, disappointing the chatter-mouth. Missy wasn't one for conversation, she liked the quiet, and she didn't like Caia that much. Caia was braggadocios and egotistical, a frequent liar and talks far too much. If it wasn't for empathy, she'd have nothing to do with her. This was okay, though, as Caia didn't like Missy either, Missy was boring but sassy, with nothing to say and nothing to do, if it wasn't for the current crisis, she'd have nothing to do with her. The elevator soared upwards as Caia crossed her legs, tending a slightly swollen bladder.

"Let's just find who did this and get out of here." Missy didn't like this topic of holding-- it had encompassed the entirety of the last night. Besides, Missy hasn't had the credits for a toilet since last night as well, a little pressure for her as well.

"Fine." Caia stared forward. Missy might be my least favorite person... Hyperbole.

###

There were pros to 24 hours. 24 hours meant 5 credits. 5 credits weren't much, just enough to get a snack, or a pack of gum. But 10 credits was a small toy, 20 credits was a fine meal, 100 credits was a nice dress. It was simple economics, peeconomics (this is not a made up phrase, actually, devised in response to the Piss Tax by author John Grant in his 2020 book Pissing Money Away: How to Act In a Piss-Tax World). If you assume that the average human goes to the toilet once a day (standard in the Piss Tax world), then after a year of holding you would have saved 1825 credits. That was impossible, you would die of infection far before you'd meet your goal, so let's say you use the toilet once every two days, holding for 48 hours? Well, you just got yourself an extra 900 credits, a great pair of shoes, a video game console, a small vacation!

Believe it or not, this was a dominant way of thinking. Very little could actually reach 48 hours, though. The pain was immense and arduous, it was difficult to sleep with the pounding pressure, and the ones that do would unfortunately dream of water (and what that entails). Even after, they could not think, their mind dyed yellow, stress would rise as they rose in hours spent. And to think of the poor souls who felt their bladder fill again as they exit the toilets, just to realize that another 48 hours of prancing desperation was upon them.

10 out of 10 doctors suggested to not go to such extremes, but try telling Margaret Hoo to waste money, she would laugh in your face. Margaret Hoo would always last 48 hours, calm, like clockwork, after days of doing so she would feel no stress, no aching feeling, she would never dance, just composed. Then, at 8:00 in the morning on every other day, she'd wake up from bed, make the sheets, walk cordially to the government-forced lock, hover her credits card over the lock, slide the door open and rest on the hardly-used porcelain toilet. Calm, long, no emotion on her face, saving 5 credits a day. It was obvious, if you were holding you were saving money, and Margaret's entire family joined along. It was obvious and gave no hardship. Imagine, being Margaret Hoo.

Now, imagine being her daughter.

Sometimes, on the bus ride home, Caia would sit with her head nearly between her legs, rocking back and forth with tears swelling in her eyes. By this point, the bumps on the rocky, upper-class road that encroached her home would be her ultimate challenge, and every bump could lead to an expulsion of liquid-- and explusion from school. She had to focus, to make herself seem strong, almost meditative (it would seem) if you didn't notice that she was sobbing, in unbearable agony.

This was a bi-daily appearance for the Chinese girl, she was 18 years old, too old for a child-like pose but that was what the massive lump in her stomach was making her do. She could feel it, welled up and swollen, pushing on her other organs, her bladder stretching out. She would scream, cry for help, as the bumps got to her, but that would affect her social standing-- And if there was one thing more important than a little money saved, Caia had to be lady-like.

This wasn't very lady-like, though. She pushed down hard on the upper brims of her loose skirt, there was not subtlety, she was too desperate for subtlety. How did Mom do it, Caia was perplexed, jumping up with the ebbs of speed bumps. Some of the other kids took glimpses, it wasn't extraordinary, every other day Caia was like this, and everyone knew why. Holding was usual, and in vogue. Most of the kids on the bus composed an aching bladder until their daily piss. On other days, she was like that, smiling, compressing the obvious need. But on even number days, it was Hell.

It also didn't help that she didn't get to pee for another 14 hours. Noticing her stop, Caia stood up, backpack strung along, hand between her thighs. She walked past the people, noticing her need. Even the bus driver, who as she climbed down the steps with fragility, exclaimed "Hope you make it!"

"Yeah, me too." She wasn't, and Caia was no fool for thinking it. She began to walk rigidly as her body adjusted to the breezy outside. Her neck craned to the bus, who slowly made its way out of view. The moment the yellow could not be seen, Caia dropped the backpack and ventured into a woody landscape just out of the view from the road.

Caia looked around her, making sure no one could see such a vulgar display. She sloppily pulled her skirt to the side, her panties made it through with only a few droppings of urine, and then--

Nothing.

Caia smirked. Sometime it was nice to remember that she was always in control. Peeing outside is gross, illegal, and very un-lady-like, and Caia liked to remember that detail sometimes. She pull back up the panties and let the skirt rest, walking back to the sidewalk and moving on with her day.

And then, when the alarm rang, a deranged Caia jumped out of bed, sprinted to the lock, swiped it with the credit card, pulled mercilessly at the door, jumped on the toilet and stayed on until every last drop wrung out of her body. All this to save 5 credits, Caia thought to herself, but it was more. Maybe she got it from her mother, maybe from a world, but the fact remained the same-- What was a lady who couldn't hold?

###

Missy. Missy was a lady who couldn't hold. Caia smirked to herself again, maybe if she played her type of game with the Hawaiian girl, she'd be shocked to learn just how long Caia could last without relief. Maybe as long as they're together, she could make sure that--

No. This was more important than a little competition.

But Missy thinks you are weak, she thinks that you are a girl that pisses her pants, has accidents, who has no control!

This is more important than--

Is there anything more than proving your worth.

She thought back to her bladder, slightly annoying, only five hours worth. Caia couldn't stop smiling, she had a long ways to go before she lost control.

And besides, Missy was probably her least favorite person.

*062*2018-02-07 21:14

Chapter 11:

"It's bigger than you think, and I admit it sounds ridiculous, but it's the truth. Everything is connected."

"It's a Piss-Industrial Complex."

Caia stopped, losing her focus at the thought of such an idiotic statement. "A Piss-Industrial Complex. Do you hear yourself talk?"

"I literally just said it sounds ridiculous." Missy snapped back, standing at the edge of a small, maligned counter, resting upon the edge of the marble. Missy peered down the large office-space, searching for eyes that questioned her and Caia's actions-- mostly Caia's, maybe to catch a culprit. "Think about it, people need to piss more, use more toilets, get more money for the government, all while excusing it as natural actions-- It's obvious. At least I think it's obvious." Caia didn't respond, she was too busy pulling her hand deep into the trash bin, searching for coffee filters, her eyes peering of constant disgust. "Do you think it's obviou--"

"No, I don't think it's obvious-- I think it is--- Eughhhh....." Caia pulled on a wet rag with something slimy on it.

"You okay?"

"I am NOT okay, I'm half-way into a trash can! You think this is OKAY!?"

"Keep your voice down-- Jesus." Silence overcame the two girls as Missy pulled down on her mini-skirt, hoping not to reveal too much of her thigh. God, I used to be so excited about this place, Missy thought to herself. It was true, only two months ago the concept of working for Brooks-Malick in Washington DC was a dream come true, one of the top law firms in the country-- Now, it was blank halls filled with blank faces, not a cent of happiness on the cool Saturday morning. Who could even work on such a day?

Beside her, Caia pulled out a soggy, stained circular piece of paper-- a coffee filter, with as much aghast excitement as a piece of trash could give you. But it was only a coffee filter, no chip-- no capsule-- no evidence. "Damnit!" Caia moaned, frustrated at the peril of their situation, she threw the coffee filter to the side and began the process again.

"Wait." Missy stopped. "If you drank the capsule-- then the capsule would have passed through the filter. So why would the capsule be stuck in the filter?" Caia stopped, staring back at Missy, making the interal judgement to accept Missy's completely logical claim and her own pride. The feeling of festering trash around her left arm was the deciding factor.

"What are we doing?" Almost immediately, the two girls walked away, either willing to take blame for the mental lapse and the wasted thirty minutes. Together, they walked the hall, Caia wiping chunks of trash that collected on her thin arm, Missy walking forward, thinking of another solution. The two girls moved desk, after desk, after desk, after desk, almost every single one filled with a beyond-competent lawyer, making calls, doing due diligence, throwing Missy's dreams into obscurity. But this wasn't about Missy's dreams right now, something more, maybe, the Hawaiian girl wasn't sure yet.

"Why don't we go to the police?" Missy asked her frenemie as Caia scratched off a particularly stubborn grain of coffee.

"And lose the internship? Are you crazy? I'd be throwing my future in the toilet!" Thoughts of toilets again, Missy's swollen bladder didn't like the reminder, she put it aside for a later Missy's problem.

"Some things are more important than an internship."

"Well, you can tell my Mom. Oh, Mrs. Hoo, I'm sorry to say but your daughter has lost her prestigious internship because of some bullshit accusation against our company. She would literally kill me." Not a hyperbole, in this case at least, as Caia was certain that if that actually happened, she would be murdered.

"If you feel such a way--"

"That's why we are finding proof, stupid! So it's not baseless!" Missy shrugged her shoulders, twisting a corner into another dim office corridor.

"Well..." Missy responded, noticing Caia's slightly up-tight mental state. "How do you want to find proof?"

Caia stopped. In all fairness, the coffee filter's were entire her idea, with Missy agreeing without much thought into the concept. That said, Caia was working out a perfect strategy to blame Missy for it in entirety, but the question stopped her. "I###" Caia stuttered, "I###".

"You know what I think?" Missy rebutted with a certain spite. "I think you got embarrassed because you couldn't hold your pee and made up some bullshit story to get off the hook."

"THAT'S NOT TRUE!!!!" Caia yelled with enough force to draw the entire office, every lawyer, every suit, to put her eyes on the Intern. Immediately, Caia covered her mouth out of fear and terror as the interest faces of the lawyers dwindled away from the two girls, moving back to their ho-hum work. Missy stared at Caia as well, who stared back with flaming eyes, before walking on. She was smart to move again, because if one more second of eye contact was made, Caia would have strangled her.

Before Caia could take our her enemy from behind, Missy made the final turn into a small side room which was all too familiar to the girls-- a kitchen, with black marble details and a semi-old fridge, microwave, sink, and coffee maker that was ground zero. Every morning, the two girls along with their respective group made a habitual gathering at this kitchen, tell jokes, display stresses, and drink coffee.

"Listen, I don't know if you're telling the truth, or who is behind all of this, but I know this: If you drank this micro-bot, and you say that there is only one place that you drank from all day, then I can think of only one way to find out the truth." Missy pulled out two free-use coffee mugs, both with generic, company-wide details, and situated them next to the hardly used pot of coffee. "We got to do it again."

###

It's not fun becoming a joke, it's certainly not fun to become the laughing stock of the nation, and it is absolutely not fun to watch the world chuckle at your worst day. But if you were to ask Marcy what was on her mind, it was probably the strain of the handcuffs around her wrists.

"The Washington Post had you on the front page of your newspaper." The detective said with a slight chuckle, as the lady looked up, miserable and ashamed, wanting everything to go back to normal and for everything to burn. "But that's expected, given your Mother. It's almost ironic--"

"It's her fault!" Marcy screamed. "I wasn't allowed to-- She held me against her will-- I couldn't hold it!"

"Listen, I understand-- I do. We hardly arrest people around here for this sort of thing-- but simply put-- you have to pay five credits. Until you have five credits, you are under custody of the government."

"It's not fair!" Marcy sobbed. "My Mom took my money away, she's forcing me to be in here, you can't keep me in here! Please!"

"The rules are the rules Marcella-- If you have no money then you will have serve a moderate sentence."

Marcy bent over, she can't believe this was happening to her, now, at this place. She was the daughter of a senator, a perfect student, a class president, she was above this-- Jail sentences for public urination were for the homeless, the poor, ones that couldn't afford five measley credits. Her Mother had millions. Why was this happening to her?

"You have ten minutes to procure five dollars or you will be given a week-long sentence for public urination without credits." The detective walked out of the room with smug indifference, surely he could hear her tears, and yet--- A product of the system, a country where this has become expected, it has become okay to let people stay in jail if they cannot hold their overfilled bladders.

What has this country come to, Marcy thought before remembering that all of this, the country, the pissing, the pain, the jail time, was because of her mother. Her damned mother, cruel and cautious, would rather see you tortured than have weakness. Everything that has gone wrong in this country is because of her.

Because of her. Carefully, the Senator's Daughter pulled out her phone, and pulled up a name she remembered from her mother, a journalist, someone who could help her. Carefully, she typed out a message:

Alexander| Wash Post

Hi, this is Marcella Hill, daughter of Sofia Hill. If you put five credits into my accnt, I will tell you the truth about the piss tax

...

Five minutes later, her notification rang

+5 credits added.

Marcy smiled, she had been wronged, and for the first time in her life, she was going to respond appropriately.

Because Marcy knew that it was much bigger than anyone thought.

*067*2018-02-11 07:04

Still writing the next chapter. It's a scary thing, because I'm not sure whether I'm reaching the climax of a normal story or just starting a massive story, frankly it's weird being 11 chapters into a story and feeling like I haven't even scraped the surface. Well, just got to keep writing, I guess.

I want to thank everyone for their kind words. I will try to keep a steady pace of uploads, but you never know.

P.S. Why does the anime girl in the banner now have no face? It's sort of creepy.

*069*2018-02-12 06:58

It'll come together.. Hopefully... Probably.... Maybe. Frankly even I don't remember half the plot points of this story.

Anyways:

Chapter 12:

"So... Who was that girl? Krisha asked as she bit down on a soft pastry, comfortable, easing out whatever hours remained of morning, tearing at edges while the soft center maintained rightfully intact. Beneath her, the nearing noon sun slid on the wide windows of Katie's apartment, odd, since it was only 10:30, but a product of Smartglass-- It was always noon. Krisha hadn't delved too hard into the mornings awkwardness yet, she was in the bathroom for most of it, but was surprised by Katie's discomfort, quiet and with great care, inner turmoil.

"What girl?"

"You know what girl!" Krisha had known Katie for 12 hours and could already tell when she was playing dumb. Katie remained blank, she really didn't want to talk about this. Maybe that was justified, Krisha was still little more than a stranger, and she could be impeding on the rules of a one-night stand, but she was curious. If Katie was only a one-night stand, at least she deserved to get her curiousity quenched if not her romantic needs. "The brown-skinned one, the one that came by the apartm--"

"I don't want to talk about it." Katie sipped on a small cup of coffee as Krisha fell silent. The response had confirmed what Krisha had already known, but she was one to impede.

"Come on...."

"I'm serious. Cut it out."

"Work related?"

"Stop it."

"Juicy gossip! Hot news around the workpl--"

"I SAID STOP IT!" For the first time, Krisha listened, she straightened up at the sight of her companion yell.

Frankly Katie Lewis-Daniels was not one for yelling, but she was thrown for a tiffy this morning and was in no desire to discuss it with the random bartender who she fucked last night. Krisha finished her pastry as Katie put her head down, frustrated at Krisha, frustrated with herself-- People were being hurt, and she was afraid, she knew too much.

"There's been this thing at the work-place recently...." Katie spoke, choosing her words carefully. "And one of the interns got struck by it. That's all."

"A thing?" Katie nodded, hoping that the vagueness sufficed. "What thing?" Katie stood up, approaching the always-noon sun drenched on the window.

"You notice that sun hasn't moved?" Krisha watched the yellow light for the first time, it was frozen-- As it always is.

"I haven't paid attention."

"The sun moves from one end of the sky to the other end of the sky, from sunrise to sundown, and yet you look in the sky and it would seem that it never moved. You take things for granted, right?"

"I guess.. What does this have to do with..."

"Four years ago, before the Piss Tax, urinals were a thing people took for granted. People would piss freely, none of this holding, none of this once-a-day bullshit, none of this crap-- It was something that we took for granted. Now-- Look at us, slaves to this tax, every conversation I have is about holding, water consumption, peeconomics-- Hell, we met at a Piss Tax Night-- It's become something that is a part of our lives." Katie stared at the sun, the technological mirage did not strain the woman's eyes. "The sun hasn't moved because it's not the sun, this glass is a display of what my view would be at noon-- The sun hasn't moved once."

"I honestly haven't noticed."

"They took the sun, something that has dictated our entire life, when we wake up, when we eat, when we sleep, and turned it into something we can control-- It can be noon forever for me and no one can do anything about it. So... What if we can do the same thing for the Piss Tax." Krisha listened intently as Katie went back to her seat, staring ahead-- divulging more information than she had ever before.

"Last year, my law firm became associates for a company called Mujiwara Inc., it's a Chinese company, who saw the Piss Tax get implemented and swooped in. There product was simple, you would consume microbots such that they would reside in your bladder, constantly releasing electric shocks that would stiffen muscles, such that you could not pee, even if you tried. It didn't eliminate the pain, but you could make sure that you couldn't pee even if you tried. When you were done holding, you would gt your smartphone, click a button, and the bot would relax the muscles and allow you to pee. It was a brilliant invention, perfect for the Piss Tax world."

"Unfortunately, it was what the people needed, not the rulers-- While the country could have benefitted from the microbot, the people on top wanted the opposite. If people pissed more, then more toilet trips, more toilet trips means more money going to the government. This created a shady deal that was placed bewteen Mujiwara and Sofia Hill--- The person that created the piss tax. They began to create a reverse product, which was filled with the relaxant. The device is still a prototype, and---"

"The government is using it already for--"

"Not the government-- My boss is a man named James Brooks. He's.... He's horrible."

"He's been using the microbots."

"He dumps them into the water purification tank. If you drink water at the office, you have one of them. And if he chooses, he has the power to basically cause an accident on any victim by his cellphone."

"That's horrible!" Krisha responded, mortified. "How do you know all this?"

"I'm friends with his wife, Melissa. She's not a fan either, but he claims he's doing it for research." Katie smiled at the ridiculousness of the statement just enough to stop the tear that was procuring.

"So... This asshole is testing a microbot that the government will put in the water supply, causing the country to constantly be pissing."

"Welcome to the Piss Tax world." Katie gave a cynical smile-- Justified, the world was really going to shit.

"And the girl that came in was... Targeted?"

"Not her, but her friends-- She's probably next, knowing Brooks. Listen, I know this is fucked up, but you cannot tell Anyone. Brooks, he has more power than you can imagine, he has a direct in-line with Sofia Hill. It's tempering a beast--"

"So your just going to stand around while people are hurt by this man!?" Krisha stood up, suddenly infuriated. She could sense something in Katie, from the small jokes and cracks, the discomfort, she'd been defeated. "You know the truth, why not tell the world."

"Trust me, there's nothing that I can do...." Katie stopped, thinking. There was this flicker of light, maybe from the noon-sun, or maybe from a lightbulb in her mind-- either way, Katie had an idea.

*072*2018-04-16 06:52

Chapter 13:

"The Micro-Bot could be solvent... Y'know, so we best drink it all, or..."

"EAUGHHH!!!" Caia threw her mug across the room, maybe if she was less focused it would have landed at Missy's face, instead the light porcelain bounced off the kitchen's walls, silencing her colleague with a tense *clang*, little drips of dark coffee flinging across the room. God, Caia is a spaz, Missy thought, not allowing her face to venture away from a dissatisfied stare, she was hurting too.

"Now you're trying to make a mess?"

"We're wasting our time!" Caia yelled, creating slight interest for the lawyers that surrounded the kitchen, some peaked in, looking for drama. "Can't we just go to Brooks and incriminate. Like, Oh My God! We know enough!" Unfortunately, despite Caia's pleas, they didn't, which Missy knew. Tempted by this unsatisfying truth, Missy took another sip of her fifth mug of coffee, warm, bitter, hints of cinnamon-- Missy is never going to enjoy coffee again. Of course, it was more than just the taste, the bitter potion began seeping down to her bladder-- again, and any hints of comfort were becoming increasingly spare.

"We finish the coffee, piss out the Micro-bot, and then we have what we need, okay Caia?" Caia stopped pouting, grabbing the mug and filling up her third cup from the oft-used ladel. "And if there are no Micro-bots in our.... Y'know. Then we'll move on."

"It had to be something" Caia spoke between labored sips. "I never felt my bladder rise like that, it was like-- Oh my God, suddenly I'm bursting."

"Why though?" Missy wondered, twirling her finger through the stained reproaches of her mug-- maybe a lapsed Micro-bot.

"Narcicist? Hedonist? Gets off to this sort of thing?" Missy nodded along, as if she didn't spend many nights lying in bed, shivering and squirming from a swollen bladder, enjoying every second of it, even now, with the warm liquid depositing down below she found slight enjoyment in crossing her legs, all with the slightest bit of control to prevent letting out a gusher.

"I'm done." Caia broke Missy out of her reflection, finishing her third cup, rendering the coffee pot completely empty. Both girls began to shake, as the caffeine volt settled in, but neither forgot about their mission. "Now what."

"We wait-- and then we pee."

"That's it?" Caia was unimpressed.

"You got any better ideas?"

Caia grinned. She had an idea, not a smart idea per se, but an idea that would even the odds between her and the girl who watched her shame herself, an idea that would put this brat in her place-- but the girl said nothing, she was focused, but just as the girl placed down the mug, the walkway to the kitchen was filled with a figure, suited, with black, straight hair and a lifeless grin. Caia looked up at him as if he was the devil, and Missy stared as well, as it's not every day you stand in the room with the man you are trying to take down.

But here was James Brooks, smiling, walking into the kitchen with comfort.

"Hello ladies." Silence from the two girls as Brooks walked between them-- from the crevice he formed Missy stared out for guidance with Caia, but she was clueless as well. How are the two girls going to get out of this this?

"H..Hi Mr. Brooks." The man walked to the empty coffee pot, surprised with an oustretched lower lip. Caia was the one to respond to him, and as she became quiet again, Brooks turned to her.

"Hello, Ms. Hoo." He was jovial, and neither girl knew what to make of it. "Tell me, ladies. You finish this pot?"

"Y..Yes." Missy responded, tense, worried, Brooks saw right through her. Immediately, the man turned around to face the Hawaiian girl. "Um... Missy Kekoa..." Missy introduced herself. "I am..."

"Ms. Lewis-Daniels' intern, I'm aware. The larger question is why two interns are here on a Saturday?" The girls became pale, while work was pseudo-optional for the lawyers on weekends, the interns were not given the same oppurtunity, and this oversight temped the interest of the man, who turned to the interns with slight worry. Does Caia know about last night, behind Brooks' steady gaze he nervously reflected, had he gone too far?

"Oh... Um, we... Um... We..." Missy searche for an excuse as Brooks' eyes pierced through her facade.

"We weren't aware... Sir!" Caia finished the thought, but it didn't satisfy the boss.

"Well, would you two ladies come to my office, to clear up any lingering confusion?" The silence was eternal, both girls stared at each other, partially intimidated, partially beat, shaking from the caffeine, with worry all throughout their bodies. Unfortunately, to Brooks, their silence was enough.

"Alright. Follow me."

