Our Secret

Author: 4star

*000*2012-08-26 21:03

She was beginning to regret the second cup of coffee on the way into work. She was even more regretting the customer in front who had taken a small ice age to order the single half fat mocachino frappe bullshit. It was then further compounded by the traffic through town, road works meaning the bus had to take a detour that ordinarily wouldn’t have made her late only cutting it fine, but after the frapachino it was already quarter past before she was off the bus, let alone at her desk. She was regretting the fact that now she was nervously twisting her hands in the principal’s office after she had accidently dented his car on the way home yesterday in her hurry to leave as she needed to get her car to the garage to fix the rear suspension. He had pounced on her the second she came through the doorway over an hour ago now, the minutes ticked by as she waited for assembly to finish and the head to return.

Saint Christens was a strict boarding school, corporal punishment was still enforced and the head was a man fond of strictly enforcing the law. Alan Parkinson was a middle-aged man who took his job very seriously, keeping the students in line and the school at the top of the tables was his job. A job he was incredibly good at. Sally-Anne Davenport was his personal secretary and a receptionist for the school, she was in her late 20’s, had long soft hair and kind eyes.

It was like a hundred butterflies spontaneously erupted into flight inside her as the door creaked open and he entered to room. She jumped to her feet, instantly regretting it as her overfull bladder protested the sudden change, her keegal muscles tightening their grip and regaining control. She only hoped that this bollocking didn’t take too long. She felt everything slosh as she got up suddenly, the urgent need to pee becoming more urgent. Mentally she cursed him for locking the door out of habit as he went to assembly late.

“Miss Davenport.” He said curtly as he moved past her to sit at the large oak desk. His after shave was strong and she tried not to choke as he sat down, the effort straining on her abdomen uncomfortably.

“Yes Sir?” She said, filling the suddenly awkward silence that had appeared. He remained quiet, getting some papers out of his top desk draw and settling them on the desk in front of him. He took a while to read over them. Sally Davenport shuffled uncomfortably, partly through apprehension, but mostly because it eased the pressure on her ready to burst bladder.

“Now, this is a copy of the quote for the damage you caused my car yesterday.” He offered her a piece of paper. She glanced at it and stifled a cough of surprise. She winced as the cough elicited a few drops to escape. Her face flushed pink before she read it over the quote properly.

“How much?!” She gasped, reading the three figure sum momentarily her brain was shocked, forgetting its primary goal of control. She put the paper down and twisted her hands, she closed her eyes and grimaced as her tentative grip on her embarrassment flexed back, it was too late though, there was a distinct moistness soaking into her cotton pants. A warmness that felt damp and clung to her. A temporary stay of execution was granted as her body regained its composure, the damp patch uncomfortably close to the urgency required.

“Indeed. I will of course be deducting the cost from your salary, the salary which will also be reduced to reflect your constant tardiness.” He paused, looking up from the papers. She was still nervously shuffling from foot to foot, unable to stand still and twisting her hands. “Please stand still, you are not a child, do not behave like one.”

“O... of course Sir.” She said, forcing her feet to be still on the floor and clamping her hands to her sides. Making a fist she dug her nails into her palm to take her mind off the need to go to the bathroom. Twisting her legs so one knee pressed over the other, slightly crossing them, but not so obvious to Mr Parkinson.

“Now we do need to discuss of course the exact figures involved. I was going to reduce you annual salary by £10 for each minute you have been late so far? What do you think? Is that fair?” He peered down a pair of horn rimmed glasses on the end of his nose at her.

“You can’t do that! That’s not fair!” She blurted angrily, not the calm and collected ‘yes Sir, of course sir’ that had been on her tongue a moment ago. Forgetting the urgency of her swollen bladder in her anger she glowered at Alan.

“Don’t take that tone with me!” He shouted, standing to his feet and seeming to tower over her, using the full weight of his authority and the tone of voice he uses on impetuous students. She closed her eyes, quelled in fear briefly and cursed her brain as the surprise triggered and ancient reaction. A base impulse that fear triggered in every human: Fight or Flight. In true tradition her heart rate jumped up aided by too much coffee and her body relaxed the tight control of certain muscles, the aim to make it lighter for the flight from the cause of the terror. The dampness already present in her pants aided the forgetting of the modern compulsion to hang on.

A the warm liquid gushed out, soaking her underwear, a pale half moon appearing into the pale linen trousers that she was wearing. The stain grew larger as she tried and failed to stop the hot embarrassment from flowing. She felt the hot liquid seep down her legs like a river and trickle into the hem line of her socks. It seemed to take forever, and once the flow had stopped there was a soft internal sigh of relief from her body. The cold air conditioned office brought her back and she realised she was stood in the principal’s office. Her wet trousers stated to cool instantly and the material clung awkwardly to the moist skin below.

There was a long moment of silence.

“Fine, since you are so obviously out to convince me that you are truly a child then I shall treat you the same as one of my students!” He bellowed. “Go stand in that corner and do not move a single fucking muscle until I get back.” He walked around the desk and she was convinced that before he guided her roughly to the corner, that her shocked mind saw a bulge in his trousers...

*002*2012-08-26 21:11

Part two is her getting punished like the child she is, and him enjoying himself a little too much... I can post it if other people would like to see that too. :)

