Panic at the party (shorter story)

Author: Ashlovesomo

*000*2024-03-03 17:37

(This is inspired by a story I remember reading on a wattpad collection years ago, I can't find it so unfortunately cannot credit but if someone does, it was something like "female pee desperation")

Smut warning at "Well that was really fuckin hot"

Marley was a party girl. She was never distracted from the dance floor or the beer that was kept in whoevers kitchen they danced in. One beer after another took an effect on Marley's bladder, but she didn't care as long as she was dancing. Eventually, she had to pay attention.

"Ooooo need a wee, need a wee, need a wee!" Marley giggled, running up the stairs of the house that the party was in. To her surprise, there was no line, although the bathroom was occupied...but not for the reason she thought. All she could hear over the muffled music was moans and slapping of skin through the door. Marley banged on the door, one hand gripping her crotch through her neon green dress, her blonde dyed hair covering her head that was hung in shame.

"Uhhh, can you guys stop having sex in there? I need a wee!" Marley whined.

"Fuck off!" Shouted a voice from inside of the bathroom. Marley bounced up and down on the spot, drawing attention from all the equally drunk yet horny guys around her. Her hands clawed and gripped at her waxed pussy, her thighs rubbing together. A few oohs left her mouth from the discomfort as the pee sloshed around in her bladder, pressing against her urethra as it begged for release.

Eventually, Marley had enough of begging and she ran down the stairs with her hand still attached to her crotch, not caring about the attention it would get her. As she swung open the front door, she stopped on the spot, bouncing up and down and moaning loudly. Her bladder cried out on every step she took, although her focus was on finding a place to piss. Marley found the garden and a greenhouse, a smile spread across her face as she saw her relief right in front of her. The desperate girl ran towards the greenhouse, opening the door with force.

"Oh my fucking god, cmon, don't wet yourself like a little girl!" Marley whined. To her surprise, she spotted an empty watering can sitting on the table next to the plants. With haste, she held the watering can beneath her, pulling her panties to one side as her stream let go before they were out of the way. Her moans echoed around the greenhouse, with no care as to who would hear them. Marley found the small watering can getting full, forcing her to stop mid-stream. Her hands pressed against her piss hole until no pee was escaping it, her bladder still more than full. She ran out of the greenhouse and spotted a flower bed, standing infront of it with her hand covering her nude pussy.

"Ohhhh god cmon, wee for me!" Before long, the stream started again, the pitter patter louder than ever, her piss watering the flowers. Her bladder was finally at ease, the wee spraying in the musky, cool air. Her stream came to an end, Marley giggling in relief.

"Well, that was really fuckin hot." Marley yelped, covering her pussy with both hands as a shadow emerged from out of nowhere. Suddenly, a 6 foot hunk of a man stood under the garden's Bush arch with a smirk spread across his face.

"Ya know, you should really be careful with where you piss in public. Anyone could be watching."

"Why, you wanna fuck or what?" Marley questioned, a smirk spread across her face as she walked towards the mystery man. He lead her towards a tree, pushing her against it and kissing her roughly.

Before long, Marley found herself pushing up her dress, letting this man in. She stood with one leg over his shoulder and her arms around his next, his cock thrusting in and out of his pussy with fast pace. Their moans were loud and bold, no one caring about what they were doing. Marley rubbed her clit in circles, keeping eye contact with the beauty in front of her, smiling with the utmost joy and pleasure.

Eventually, both parties reached their climax and Marley found herself in a cascade of emotions. Embarrassment, pleasure, joy? Whatever it was, the night ended up in number exchanges and more of whatever that was!

Hey y'all! I'm running out of story ideas so I'd appreciate any ideas that doesn't include scat, school-age protagonists (already had a post taken down due to a misunderstanding) or ABDL!

University is kicking me up the ass and our latest project on our course is taking a lot of my attention, so please note that any ideas you give might not be done for a while!

Have a great day! 💞

*002*2024-03-14 00:58

{{On 3/7/2024 at 10:32 PM, Heloctre said:

I liked it very much. It was fast but intense

}}

Thank you!

