A Night To Remember

Author: KayLeigh

*000*2012-12-12 07:45

This is the start of something I'm writing... No real omorashi yet, but in the next installment!!

Part 1

25th of June, 2011

Things you can’t tell your friends;

1. That you’re in love with them

2. That you’re into a particular fetish, and crave to see them fulfil it.

3. |

I watched the curser blink as I wondered what to type next.

My online blog had become very popular recently, and I had gotten into the habit of updating it daily, but today I was stumped on what to write.

I had come up with the idea of “Things you can’t tell your Friends” while at college, watching my best friend, Eden, run for the bathrooms after an important lecture, but I couldn’t think further.

“Torah, you need to get ready.” Mom’s voice echoed from downstairs

Half an hour until I was due to meet Eden at the movies.

I clicked on ‘save draft’ and moved to my bed, where I already had my clothes set out.

I carefully slid off my sweats and panties before putting on a tartan skirt that sat just above my knees, and I removed my tank top before sliding on a dress shirt and rolling the sleeves up to my elbows.

I reckon some people would think me weird for not wearing panties, but I’ve mentioned it in my blog before, and had people agree.

One thing that not many people know about me is, I never wear my panties to the movies.

I suppose others might think it strange, but I’ve mentioned my fetish in here on several occasions.

There is nothing better than sitting down to watch a movie with a massive drink and some popcorn... Towards the end, when you’re getting desperate, but you don’t want to miss the good bits, I just pee into the chair.

No one ever seems to notice.

Something that I didn’t mention in that particular post was, I only ever go to the movies with friends. There was just some part of peeing myself in a chair during a movie with friends that I couldn’t think past, in fact, it was my favourite part.

Some knee high leather boots added to my look, and I quickly applied my eyeliner, then hurried downstairs.

“Is Eden picking you up?” Mom asked as I poured myself a drink of cola.

“Yeah.” I nodded, taking a gulp.

Tonight was going to be good.

*002*2012-12-13 17:25

I'm tired, give me a break...

More to come.

Hope this isn't too bad for my first omorashi fic x

“What shall we seeeee?” Eden hung onto my arm and swung around.

I looked up at the movie list...

Why is everything romantic comedies these days?

“What kind of movie do you want to see?” I looked at her cute, smiling face.

“Umm...” she smiled and looked over at the board, her platinum blonde ponytail swinging as she moved, “How about...”

To be honest, I’ve never really liked romantic comedies, but they seem to be Eden’s favourite genre of movie. We sat in our seats, both somewhat near the front, with our large colas and popcorns.

“I’ve wanted to see this for so long!” she giggled, leaning her head on my shoulder.

She and I are very different.

She’s colourful, bubbly, energetic, athletic, funny... You get the picture.

I suppose I see myself as rather bland in contrast.

Lazy (but still thin? Wtf..), shy, quiet...

Complete opposite.

It was about halfway through that the need first hit me.

That familiar tingle, the tiny bit of pressure...

I smiled to myself.

“Hey, I might go to the bathroom Torah, can you fill me in?” Eden whispered to me.

“No, wait, there probably isn’t that much to go, you may as well stay to the end.” I replied, holding her wrist so that she couldn’t get up.

“If you think so...” she frowned.

“Would I lie to you?” I gave her my trademark ‘you know me’ look.

“Suppose not.”

Something heated up in my chest, knowing that she needed to go as well.

Pressure was building up. I slipped a closed fist between my thighs, rubbing it against my crotch in an attempt to stave off the feeling.

Beside me, Eden was shifting her weight from side to side, and her skirt was between clenched fists.

“Are you sure it ends soon?” she whispered to me hurriedly.

“Yeah, I mean, how much more plot could it possibly have?” I whispered back.

That heat in my chest was beginning to burn through my entire body.

I’d never seen her that desperate before... And my attraction to her crossed with her desperation was beginning to create a different kind of heat in me...

“I really can’t wait too much longer...” Eden whispered to me, between short, sharp breaths.

“You’ll be okay, there’s only a few minutes left.” I replied, my own bladder pounding against the waist of my skirt.

Time was coming up for me to lose it...

“Torah...” Eden muttered desperately.

As I looked at her, my body shuddered; she had a hand shoved between her legs, and her thighs were squeezing together around her wrist.

I felt my own muscles begin to fail me, as my need became worse.

My hand flew to my crotch as a spurt escaped my urethra.

I shuddered again, before releasing the pressure I was keeping pent up inside.

The sound of the movie hid the hissing sound, and I couldn’t help but twitch as the warmth spread between my legs.

I could only imagine it, the golden pool soaking into the chair, drenching the foam, warming my thighs...

It was all I could do to stifle a moan.

As I sneaked a peek at Eden, the credits began to roll.

My heart fell a little, and I wondered whether she would actually lose it or not.

