Hold-it Halloween

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2014-11-01 05:45

Before you yell at me for not updating either my interactive story "Hivemind" or my To Aru fanfiction "A Certain Scientific Omorashi Story", I've been busy with papers and conventions and girlfriends (okay, just the one girlfriend) and planning on going to a con two out of the three days is already daring enough considering I have two papers due on Tuesday and all in all this is not a good weekend for writing stories but I promised a certain tamer of mews (or maybe Mewtamer's his actual last name in which case I'm sorry for trying to be coy) requested a bunch of lolis desperate in costumes on Halloween, so you guys are getting a bunch of lolis desperate in costumes on Halloween.

Also, I totally rushed this and it's still late, and I didn't get a chance to proofread it, so I apologize if it's accidentally really shitty.

Mataro Yoshida was never a huge fan of Halloween.

Halloween had always been one of those holidays that he could never get into as much. It was a day of candy and costumes, but he never had a huge sweet tooth and he was an avid con-goer and cosplayer already, so it wasn’t like he was getting anything special out of dressing up and not going to a convention.

In short, Mataro Yoshida didn’t dislike Halloween, he just found it nothing special about it, therefore disregarded it completely.

Well, he tried to, most of the time.

He sighed as he followed a group of younger girls up the driveway of yet another house and watched as they happily rang the doorbell to await treats.

This year, due to circumstances beyond his control, he was taking the place of his mother (who had been called into work the night shift at the last minute) as the designated chaperone for his younger sister and her group of friends around the neighborhood for trick-or-treating.

After receiving their bounty from this house, the girls rushed past Mataro and headed off to the next house. Only one of the girls, his ten-year-old sister, had opted to stop and look up at him.

From a distance, the two didn’t look anything like siblings. Mataro had raven hair, which he wore short and somewhat ruffled, and dark brown eyes, whereas his younger sister, Aka, had shoulder-length brown hair and emerald green eyes.

The reason for this was that, in truth, they were only half-siblings. Mataro had grown up with his mother in Japan for five years before they moved to the States, after which his mother met and married his stepfather and had Aka.

As such, Mataro was a good seven years older than Aka, and looked very different from the young girl.

This was only expounded by her cat-girl costume— complete with brown cat ears, a brown tail with a white tip, and a small sailor-style school uniform— in comparison to his white-and-grey t-shirt and jeans.

“Brother! Stop walking so slowly! We want to get to as many houses as possible.”

Mataro sighed. He hadn’t even noticed he was walking slowly.

“Alright, alright!” He replied, quickening his pace so slowly.

“Finally! The slow old man stops dragging his feet!” one of Aka’s friends replied, crossing her arms.

Mataro sighed.

Marisa.

Out of all his sister’s friends, Marisa was by far the oldest (three years older than Aka) and coldest of the bunch.

With Blonde hair, cold blue eyes, and wearing a witch’s costume complete with a big black hat, a short gothic dress, and purple and black thigh-highs, she held an air of superiority about her that was most certainly undeserved.

“It’s bad enough that you had to be the one taking us trick-or-treating instead of Aka’s kind mother, but you’ve been slouching and slowing us down, you know!?”

She frowned and turned around, arms still crossed as she looked away.

When she had first arrived and discovered that he, and not their mother, would be taking them, Marisa had called him a “lolicon pervert who was trying to take advantage of the situation”. He responded by asking her where she had learned such words and replied that she could simply not come with them if she didn’t want to.

She had replied with a “hmph” and begrudging acceptance.

Mataro sighed as the group carried on in their nightly raid. He wanted nothing more than to go back home and play video games or watch anime. Actually, it was a Friday night, so he could’ve probably gotten together with some of his other friends if he hadn’t been stuck playing babysitter.

He had absolutely nothing to gain for doing this all night.

“I hafta pee…”

Mataro looked down and noticed one of the other brats holding herself openly as she looked around and up at him with a somewhat worried expression.

Her name was Sam, one of Mataro’s friend’s younger sisters, and with her older brother’s help and guidance, she had assembled the perfect cosplay of a tiny Hatsune Miku, complete with a blue twin-tailed wig and the whole grey-and-black outfit.

“I… I kind of… also… need to…”

The timid girl with a frilly pink dress and white bunny ears was named Lily, and she was the youngest and by far the shyest of his sister’s friends. When she had first seen Mataro, she had immediately hid behind Aka until the brown-haired girl had reassured her that his brother was of no harm to her, and her voice had consistently been the weakest when they all called “trick-or-treat”.

From the way she was wiggling around, Mataro guessed that she had probably been holding it in before now, and had just been too shy to mention anything up until this point.

All four girls had turned and looked to Mataro for his suggestion.

In truth, Mataro wasn’t sure what to do in this kind of situation.

They were a good three or four blocks away from his and his sister’s house, and he wasn’t sure if there was anywhere else for them to stop to let the girls use the bathroom. Even if they did hurry back home from here, it would be too late to catch up to where they were before, let alone continue on their planned route.

Mataro agreed internally. Yeah, it didn’t make sense to turn around at this point. That’s why he was about to make this decision.

The fact that he happened to have a bit of an omorashi fetish had nothing to do with it.

“Ah, it’ll be a long way home if we turn back now. We probably won’t have time to go back out again.”

The two girls who had just announced their need looked at each other and frowned.

“But, if you two need to go, then there’s no helping it. Let’s head back.”

“W-wait!” Sam called “We… we can hold it! It’s not that bad!”

Lilly’s eyes widened as she looked over at Sam, but then she nodded and forced a smile.

“Y-yeah… we can… hold it! Let’s continue!”

The four girls and Mataro made their way further down the current block they were working on with little difference, but as they started on the next block, Mataro noticed that not just the two girls who had announced their need, but everyone, was starting to get a bit restless; hopping in place while standing still and wriggling around slightly.

Lilly looked to be the worst. She could barely walk two steps without holding herself openly, and she was starting to visibly hobble.

Even though Mataro was hanging back a little to let the young girls talk amongst themselves, he could still pick up on their conversation.

Aka leaned over and tried to whisper, “Hey, Lilly, can you really make it?”

Lilly frowned, “I… I honestly don’t know… but… I don’t want us to go back because of me.”

Aka nodded and fell back to her brother.

Mataro had been able to hear their previous conversation, so he had a feeling he knew what Aka was going to say.

“B-brother… Lil-… I really need to go… can we just go back real quick and come back out? Please?”

Mataro sighed and shook his head.

“Sorry, Aka, but we can’t stay out past nine. By the time we go back and then come back out, it’ll be almost nine anyway.”

Aka frowned, then headed back to Lilly.

“Sorry, Lilly… We don’t have time to go back and come back out, but we have plenty of candy. I’m sure even if we go back now, we can still say we had a successful night!”

Lilly shook her head, “N..no… it’s fine… I’ll hold it…”

Aka frowned as she watched her friend struggle.

Half a block later, Lilly looked to be at her limit.

“A-aah…. I can’t hold it anymore! I have to pee!” she whined, wriggling around. Her rabbit ear headband was starting to shake loose as she wriggled around uncontrollably, and she was openly holding herself with both hands now, her bag of candy being carried by Aka.

It wasn’t a declaration of resignation. Lilly knew as well as everyone else that she wouldn’t make it back even if they turned around now.

“Ah! I’m peeing!” she cried as she quickly spread her legs and let go of her skirt. A few splashes hit the ground before a long stream of pee came flooding out from between her legs.

“A-ahhh!” she moaned, half in relief, half in embarrassment. She was peeing herself in the middle of the street in front of her friends.

“N-no… don’t look at me!” She begged, burying her face in her hands. Soon the stream trickled off and she was standing there in a large puddle of urine, parts having run off the edge of the asphalt and into the nearby grass.

Aka frowned, “It’s okay, Lilly! We all have to go! I’m sure you did your best holding it!”

Marisa scoffed, “Speak for yourself, Aka! I’m fine!”

Despite her words, she had been wriggling around noticeably while Lilly had wet herself.

Sam smiled, “You’re wearing a skirt, so it’s not noticeable! Come on, let’s hurry up so we can get back!”

Sam too, had struggled with the sound of Lilly’s peeing, and even now she had a hand pressed between her legs.

Sam nodded meekly and slowly trotted on. Even though she was no longer desperate, she was still bright red.

They continued on for a few blocks longer without incident, although steadily, Mataro noticed Sam’s outward signs of desperation getting more and more severe.

“Hey, that house has lights on!” Aka smiled, pointing to the house. All the girls had run up to the door eagerly and Sam removed her hand to ring the doorbell.

As she rang it, however, she gasped and recoiled her hand almost instantly.

The owners of the house poked their heads out and commented on how cute all the girl’s costumes looked before grabbing some candy and distributing it.

Sam stood stiff as they did, smiling and thanking them with a strained voice.

The second they closed the door, Sam jammed her hand between her legs and whimpered.

“I… I’m at my limit!” she moaned, glancing around worriedly.

She rushed around the corner so at least she was off of the house’s driveway and danced around desperately.

“Ah… it’s bad! I’m gonna wet myself!”

Aka frowned, “We only have two more blocks after this, can’t you hold it?”

Sam crossed her legs and doubled over briefly before shaking her head.

“It’s gonna come out!”

Sam gasped and rushed over some nearby bushes before squatting behind them and pulling down her panties.

Marisa looked on indignantly, “A big girl doesn’t go around peeing in bushes!”

Sam frowned, “I… I can’t hold it!”

Sam let loose and even though Mataro was standing a good ways back, he could hear the forceful pee stream patter against the ground and the roots of the bush she was crouched behind. She let out a heavy sigh of relief and smiled as she finished, then pulled up her panties and brushed her skirt down.

“Ahhh! So relieving~! Oh- sorry, Aka, you still have to go, don’t you?”

Aka nodded, wriggling around a bit, “It’s fine, I can hold it for two more blocks.”

Mataro escorted the girls down the second to last block, however, Mataro was beginning to wonder if his sister would actually be able to hold it.

Aka currently had both of her hands jammed between her legs and she was letting out moans of desperation here and there. She was hopping from foot to foot and she was walking considerably slower than she had been prior.

“Ah, I’m not sure how much longer I can hold it!” she groaned, dancing around desperately

.

She glanced from each of her friends to her brother, and then looked down.

Sam frowned, “Ah, there’s not even anywhere to go, like there was last time.”

Marisa grunted, “You peed on some random person’s bush! I hardly consider that ‘a place to go’!”

Aka trembled in desperation and looked around frantically. There had to be something she could do.

“A-ah!” her eyes lit up as she danced, wriggling around, “I have this!”

She held up her pumpkin bucket. It was one of those pumpkin-shaped plastic buckets with a jack-o-lantern face molded into it. It was plenty large enough to hold a bladder’s worth or urine.

The only problem is, right now, it was holding loads of candy, and Aka wasn’t about to pee all over her hard earned sweets.

“Ma-Marisa!” Aka looked up, hopefully, “You have to pee too, right? You’ve been trying to hold it, but I can tell you’re pretty desperate too. How about I let you use this bucket, and in exchange you can carry my candy in your bag. Obviously we’ll have to split it up, but-”

“There’s no way I’m going to pee in that out in the open!” Marisa replied, “Be-besides… I worked hard to pick out only the candy I like in this bag… I don’t want to share it… even if I… no no no! I can hold it! I don’t even have to go that bad!”

Her wriggling would say otherwise, but Marisa already had enough of a beef with Mataro that he figured it was best to not say that aloud.

“Aaahhh! I really can’t hold it anymore… I’m gonna-”

“I’ll do it!” Lilly announced, holding out her bag for Aka, “Put your candy in here! Quick!”

Aka smiled before quickly dumping her candy into Lilly’s bag and positioning her bucket between her legs. She pulled her panties out of the way with one hand and let a quick stream out to make sure she was aimed properly. Upon hearing the pattering of her pee against the plastic bucket, she relaxed her pent up flood and pee began quickly filling the bucket.

Marisa took the opportunity to distance herself from the group and wound up standing next to Mataro.

“Hmph… you really are a pervert, forcing us to hold it and pee in these situations!”

Mataro looked down at the girl five years younger than him accusing him of such things. It was almost laughable, especially since she had her own hand clenched into a fist just in front of her legs as well.

She was probably dying to hold herself.

“I didn’t know Aka’s older brother was suck a sick person, but here you are! It’s your fault that all of us got desperate, you know!”

Mataro frowned, “I don’t know what you mean. We wouldn’t have time to come back if we turned around, but I did say it would be best if we did.”

“Face it, if we had hurried from the very beginning, we could’ve easily made it there and back before nine! I wouldn’t be in this situation right now!”

“M-Marisa! What are you saying!”

Aka had since finished peeing and came up to her brother as well.

“Aka, you’re brother here’s a huge pervert! He did this on purpose, right?”

Aka frowned, “Why are you being so mean tonight? You’ve been nasty every time one of us peed.”

Lilly came up behind Aka, “Come to think of it, you got mad at Mataro for slowing us down earlier too…”

Sam placed her hand on her chin, “Could it be that you’ve had to pee even before I did?”

Marisa blushed, “Haha! Of… of course not! A big girl like me wouldn’t get herself into such a situation! The only reason why I even have to go a little bit right now is because we’ve been walking for so long, and this perv won’t let us go back! I’m not about to wet myself or anything! Really… I’m…”

In that moment, she doubled over and found herself closer to Mataro than she intended to be. She blushed and pulled away, but now she had both of her hands jammed between her legs.

“I… can hold it… let’s just… go on!”

Sam looked down at her bag.

“Hey, Marisa… we’ve got enough candy. We were almost done anyway, and it’s getting pretty late too… we can go back and you can use the bathroom.”

“Yeah,” Lilly nodded, “It’s fine if we go back now, we’ll only be giving up maybe a handful of candy if we’re lucky.”

Aka smiled, “I don’t mind going back, really!”

Marisa shook her head, “It’s… we can go on… I mean… I’m… I don’t…”

Her eyes widened and she gasped as she doubled over.

“I don’t think… I can make it back at this point! Let me use the bucket!”

Aka frowned and held the half-filled bucket out of Marisa’s reach, “Sorry, but you said you didn’t want to share! Besides, didn’t you say there was no way you were going to pee out here in the open?”

Marisa cringed at her own words, “Please… Aka… I can’t…”

Marisa looked around for anything. A bush, a vacant lot, anywhere she could pee, but just as Aka had discovered earlier, the area was barren.

“I’m sorry! Aka, I’m sorry for being rude! I’m sorry for calling your brother a pervert! I’m sorry for saying that big girls don’t pee outside sometimes! I’m sorry for not sharing my bag… I just… please… it’s going to…!”

Before she could finish, a large wet spot appeared where she had her black skirt pressed up between her legs. A few trickles of pee leaked down her legs and she stiffened up completely.

It didn’t help, however. In the next moment, a loud hissing sound came from between her legs and golden liquid poured out like a waterfall from between her clenched thighs.

Even as she peed, she began to sniffle and tear up.

“It’s not my fault… I didn’t go to the bathroom before I put on my costume and I didn’t feel like trying to pee after I put it on, so I’ve been holding it this whole time and I…”

As the stem trickled off, all of her friends wrapped around her in a hug.

“It’s okay, Marisa, we all had to go pretty bad.”

Marisa nodded and the four all agreed to go back home.

Yeah, maybe Mataro didn't find much interest in Halloween itself...

But perhaps he did find a bit of interest in this particular night.

*001*2014-11-01 06:15

Oh dear, it looks like one of my characters shares her name with KonekoChan's characters from one of his recent Halloween-themed stories. The one time I don't have a full cast of Japanese characters, too... I promise that wasn't on purpose.

*003*2014-11-03 17:09

Wow, when I uploaded this I actually forgot to set it to [Female]. I wasn't even drunk. What the hell, past me, get your shit together.

Also, it seems there's already some fans who want a Christmas-themed story, so when December rolls around, I'll write something a lot better.

And, you know, not late.

