Reina's Curiosity

Author: Guest lightningassaultzx

*000*2013-05-22 03:01

A blond girl named Reina woke up one morning with the house all to herself for the day. Her parents were going on a business trip and she had just turned eightteen, so they decided to allow her to stay home alone. As she got up she sat at her computer and decided to play a few games with her group of friends that introduced her to the wonders of Internet gaming.

As she played she talked to her friends about stuff that went on and of course things that they enjoyed doing. One of her friends was rather strange, but was always fun to talk to. Her friend always brought the subject to pee for some reason, but no one wondered why.

While they were talking Reina's friend, whom you now find out is nicknamed Teal, asked an odd question. "What's the weirdest thing about me?" she asked, knowing the answer the minute she pressed enter. Reina answered with the fact that she always talks about pee, and that she's curious as to why.

Teal then asked something somewhat interesting to Reina. "Can you keep a secret?" she asked. "Yes, I'll even tell one of mine in exchange." Reina answered. "Okay, tell me one!" Teal replied eagerly. "I still suck my thumb when I sleep sometimes" Reina typed, embarassed as she sent her message. "Eh, that isn't that bad." Teal laughed. "Okay, I like to pee my pants.." She typed as pay for Reina's secret. "Eww, that's kinda gross. xD" Reina typed back and got off.

As Reina sat throughout the day, she got kinda bored and constantly thought of Teal's secret. "No, that's gross, I can't be thinking about things like that." She scolded herself. As time passed she soon felt the urge to pee, still thinking about Teal.

A little later she decided to go to the bathroom and walked up to the door. Reina sat diwn and tried to pee, but she couldn't, her body wouldn't let her. She complained, got up, and sat bak down on the couch, frustrated about not being able to pee.

The thoughts about peeing her pants increased in number, driving her crazier by the minute! "FINE, I'LL TRY IT!" She yelled at herself. She walked out into her backyard and stood it the grass where nothing would get wet.

She stood there for minute, not believing what she was about to do. Finally she started trying to relax and trying to force the pee out. After a few minutes she got a few squirts out and slowly started peeing.

"Oh my god, I'm peeing my pants!" was her first reaction to the feeling. Then it started to feel good, oh my god it was turning her on and it felt good! She started to enjoy the feeling, but then she heard a knock on the front door. Her grandma had come over to check on her..

*002*2013-06-04 08:13

Now I realize that I didn't indent any of that.

It probably would have been smart.

