My Pokemon Emerald Adventure

Author: sameo15

*000*2014-04-02 20:58

(The following is a fan fic by me on Pokemon Emerald and is based on my current progress on my replay of the game after finding it after a few years. Certain events and characters are made up, but all the Pokemon in my party are accurate. Please enjoy!)

Seth Avas, 16, felt something poke him, to which he groaned in irritation and simply turned over in his queen sized bed in his room in Odale town, Hoenn. He was 6'3 and 205 pounds, 110% bigger than his girlfriend who was 5'1 and 95 pounds, and who was currently bugging him to wake up, as today was her 16th birthday and finally the day her parents decided to let her get her first Pokemon and go on a journey. Since she was from Petalburg and on her way to Littleroot to get her first Pokemon, and Odale was the way, she was here to pick him up like they had planned for the last ten years. But he was currently being a turd and he wouldn't seem to wake up.

"Get up, you big idiot!" Casey said in irritation poking him again. He got up with a yawn and sat up in his bed with nothing but his boxers on and looking over at his clock, which said 6:45 AM. Casey blushed and turned away at seeing her boyfriend in nothing but his boxers. Seth had black straight hair and green eyes and was in good shape with a slight tan. Not muscular, but not fat. Just okay shape. He looked at his girlfriend, who had short brown hair that went to her shoulders and green eyes with pale skin.

After a minute, he said "The lab doesn't even open til' 8 and it take 15 minutes, if that, to get there. AGAIN, you are an hour early. Come back in an hour." with a grumble before plopping back in bed and throwing the covers back over him and pulling a pillow over his head, laying there flat on his back.

Casey pouted before jumping on him and saying "Come on get up! It's my birthday, dammit! And if I want to be there an hour early, so be it!" Seth made a grunt as she jumped on him, but ignored her like she was just a fly. A very cute, but annoying fly, but a fly none the less.

"Get off." he said simply, trying to shake her off lazily.

"No!" Casey replied in a bratty tone, hitting him lightly, which Seth barely felt.

Seth sighed before taking arms from beneath the covers and grabbing her and turning over in his bed, using her like a teddy bear, as he threw the covers over her as well, with her laying next to her near naked boyfriend, which caused her to once again blush cutely

"Wahh!" Casey exclaimed as she was turned over, being tossed around like a rag doll. "Let me go!" She said as he flailed helplessly in his big arms, but it proved hopeless, as she was as weak as she was small.

"Nope." Seth said simply as he just held her there for a minute or two. After a while, she stopped squirming. And about ten minutes of just laying there, she started to squirm some more, but it was different now, as she seemed to be holding herself.

After a minute of silence, she said "Um Seth? I need to pee. Can you please let me go?" with a soft blush across her otherwise pale face, as she tried desperately to hold it and not wet all over her boyfriend, as she was 16, not a little kid.

A grin speared on Seth's face as he said "Na."

Casey whimpered pathetically as she tried to hold it. "Please!" she begged, looking up at him tears in her lovely green eyes.

"Okay fine." he said with a teasing sigh as he let go of her, with her immediately hoping towards his bathroom.

Seth got up and saw that it was 7:14 AM, meaning they wasted a half an hour like that, which he smiled. That was a nice half an hour like that, he thought as he got dressed while Casey relived herself.

Ten minutes later, give or take, the two left his house, with Seth saying goodbye to his Dad, who made a gruff wave, since he was still asleep.

As they walked off to Prof. Birch's Casey said "Why do you have be such a jerk face?" with a cute pout, still upset by what he did.

"Because your cute like that." he said with a small laugh as he ruffled her hair lightly, which she responded by hitting him, which wasn't very effective...

(Stay tuned for more and tell me how felt about it!)

*001*2014-04-07 20:54

Seth and Casey took the small walk to Littleroot, with Seth's Pokemon that he had caught previously, Might, the Lvl. 8 Poochyena and Seth's only Pokemon, leading the way. He had caught it several years ago when he was on his way to Casey's house in Petalburg when the Poochyena attacked him. He had a premier ball on him and threw it, mostly just to get away. However, the Poochyena didn't escape and that is how Seth had caught Might, who had a hasty nature in would often rush into things without warning. Might also seemed to get along with Casey, which made him all the better.

After they had gotten to town, Casey bent down to give him a pat on the head and said "Thank you, Might!" before Seth returned him to his Pokeball. The two then headed over the Prof. Birch's lab and for Casey to finally get her first Pokemon.

Once there, they were given the long and boring speech that only every other trainer heard a million times before actually getting their first Pokemon. After this, to the surprise of no one, Casey choose her first Pokemon, a Torchic. She had only been saying she had wanted one since forever.

She than turned to her boyfriend and sent out the small chick Pokemon and said "Seth, I challenge you to a battle!"

Before Seth could even grab his Pokemon in response, the Prof. intervened and said "Hey, hold on a minute here! What is this, Kanto?! Here in Hoenn, we battle OUTSIDE! Now shoo!"

Casey pouted in response and reluctantly returned her Torchic to her Pokeball with Seth nodding his head and saying "Yeah, sure. Sorry Professor and thanks for everything."

Before they left, the Professor said "Hold on a minute!", stopping them and making them look at him before he said here, you will needs these." and handing them each a Pokedex. Seth Casey nodded at him before leaving the lab to continue their journey.

