Daniel and Amy - Page 3

*051*2016-03-30 04:24

{{

I feel bad for Amy but it's an excellent chapter the story is so very good

}}

Thanks so much for your support. Glad you're enjoying it. Big things coming!

*054*2016-03-30 10:20

Chapter 19:

"Amy, please don't cry. I don't think anything bad about you. In fact, I think you're great! Your smart, and funny and beautiful too. I'm so happy I met you today! Don't be upset. Please! I know we only just met, but I've wanted to meet someone just like you that I could just talk about stuff with for so long. I don't care about your problems, I really like you."

Again he realised that he was sounding like he was using a cheesy pick up line on her, but he just didn't know what to say. He hadn't spent much time talking with girls, let alone girls who were all upset and emotional. He wanted to make her feel better and give her some confidence back, but everything he said sounded so corny to his ears. In the end he just stopped talking and held his arms open again. For the second time in a few minutes, Amy leaned forward and accepted a hug from him, this time hugging him back tightly.

"I'm sorry Amy. I don't know what to say to make you feel better. I know we don't really know each other properly, but I think your just fine the way you are. I've never felt so close to anyone so quickly. I guess it's our problems that make it seem like that, but if it is, it almost makes me glad I have them. If I didn't, I wouldn't have met you today, and I'm so so glad I did."

She sat back, but took both of his hands into hers. "Thanks Catholic boy. I needed that." She sighed. "I'm sorry. Believe me. I'm really not always this emotional. But it's just been a big day for me. I was so looking forward to the Doctors visit, but that didn't go like I'd hoped. Then I shit myself, which doesn't happen a lot, and I hate it. I wrecked our afternoon plans, then I became a blubbering mess."

Trying to lighten the mood, Dan responded, "Yeah, I guess you could honestly say it's been a "shitty" day for you hasn't it?"

Amy laughed. Again, it was a proper laugh that touched her eyes, making her seem even younger, and he could see the stress leaving her as she relaxed. She was back in control again, and he was glad. They were still holding both hands together though, and for that, he was grateful. The touch of her hands was like electricity for him.

"It wasn't totally shitty though," she said.

"Well, it sounds bad," he replied. "What was good about it?"

"Oh, not much. But I did meet this good little Catholic boy who is so sweet and nice and handsome. I've got a feeling I could become good friends with him."

*055*2016-03-30 12:56

Chapter 20:

Dan blushed. He didn't want to, but he couldn't help it, and he could feel it too. He dropped his eyes, not knowing where to look.

"Awwww. You're so sweet when you blush," Amy teased.

Reluctantly, he let go of her hands, grabbing the side wall of the fort and standing himself up. "Amy. We've gotta go. I need to, ummm, go to the gas station."

She looked at him with her big green eyes brimming with innocence. "Whatever for? We've got everything we need right here!"

"I'm not joking Amy. I really need to go. You must as well." He held up the 2 litre coke bottle that was nearly three quarters empty. "Look how much we've drunk! I told ya how quickly coke goes through me, and we've drunk heaps!"

"YOU'VE drunk heaps matey. I'VE only had a couple of mouthfuls."

Dan felt the colour drain from his face. "Oh my God. Are you kidding? Did I really drink most of that?"

She smiled at him somewhat smugly. "Yep. Ya sure did."

"Oh God. I'm going to be peeing for hours," he remarked.

"Dan. Your wearing a good quality nappy now. Remember what I said about having a pre-emptive pee? This is exactly what I was talking about. It's the one good thing about having decent protection. If you get stuck, it's not the end of the world."

"Amy. I can't just give in and pee myself here. Not in front of you. I, I just can't..."

Amy gave him a sly look. "Betcha could! Just looking at your face now, I betcha could!"

"Surely you must need to go as well by now though?"

Amy looked down at her still shoeless stockinged feet. "Not really Dan. I sort of wet myself a few minutes ago while I was crying..."

Dan looked stunned. He hadn't even noticed or suspected something like that. "Was that one of those deliberate pre-emptive things you told me about?"

"No Dan. It was accidental. When I started crying, I started to leak as I was sobbing. When you gave me a cuddle, it felt so nice and calming, that I just relaxed and the next thing I knew, I started to pee myself. I didn't really mean too, but as I told you, when I start peeing, I just lose control and can't stop. I was sitting down, and didn't even realise I had to go until I'd started weeing."

She continued, slipping on her shoes as she spoke. "But even if I had of noticed I needed to go, I probably would of pre-empted it anyway and just gone. Sometimes, like now, it's easier. If you want to try it, nows the time. I won't even look, promise."

Dan needed to pee so badly, he had to make a serious effort not to clamp a hand into his crotch and start potty dancing around like a little kid. Briefly, the thought crossed his mind. He could just wet in the good quality diaper that he was wearing for the first time. He'd be wearing them a lot more from now on, and he would need to test them out at some stage, just to see how good they were. Plus, he was wearing with another kid who was already wearing a wet diaper and certainly wouldn't laugh or judge him. Absentmindedly he found his hand had somehow automatically found the front of his shorts and squeezed. The feeling of thick padding under his shorts bought him back to reality.

"I can't wet myself in front of a girl" he thought, "even this girl. At least not on purpose."

He had decided. "No Amy. Not on purpose. At least not yet. Come on, take me to the station."

"No problem" she smiled, "but I don't think you'll make iiitttt...." She drew the last syllable out in a little girls sing song voice.

That hardened his resolve. He was sure as hell gonna try.

To get down from the fort, they chose to go down the slide. Dan went first, and was almost surprised when he landed at the bottom and stood up without leaking. Amy came next, bringing with her the empty chip packet and the remainder of the coke. She took a big swig, "Hmmm. That is good coke my friend! Would you care to partake of this fine beverage with me? Be warned though, it makes ya peeee!"

Dan had to stifle a giggle. He didn't want to giggle now, he didn't trust himself. "Stick your coke" he grimaced. "Just get me to a loo!"

"What language from a good little Catholic boy! I'm shocked! Come on then, this way. Don't wet yourself now..."

As this comedic byplay went on, they had started walking. Soon, they were heading out of the park, on a path lined by some low bushes.

Dan had to stop briefly, clenching his thighs together briefly. Without even worrying about how he looked anymore, he stuffed a hand into his lap again. "Oh geez Amy. Maybe I could just go here?"

"Why are you fighting it Dan. Just use your pull up. That's why you're wearing it."

"No Amy it's not. I'm wearing it in case I have an accident. This wouldn't be an accident. If I have one, fair enough. But I want to make it if I can."

He regained his composure and they continued on. He couldn't help notice that Amy had gone a bit quieter, but he didn't really have the focus to think about it anymore. He did notice a bit of a lull in their previously light hearted conversation now though. Shortly after, the path led them out at the back of the station car park. Dan immediately started looking around anxiously for the bathroom.

"C'mon Dan. Nearly there. Toilets are inside."

Dan noticed Amy sounded more subdued, but his focus was solely on getting to the toilet. Trying not to walk funny, he hurried inside and found the bathroom door, praying it would be open. It was, and he almost ran inside.

Once there, he didn't think he could wait to get inside a stall and pull his pants down and close the door. He headed straight for the urinal, where he half pulled his shorts down, exposing his pull up. He pulled it down at the front, and managed to get his member out and roughly pointed in the right direction about half a second before he lost all control, and peed as hard as he ever had into the trough. He peed hard for nearly a minute, the whole time with his diapered butt exposed to the thankfully empty men's room. Even if his entire class had of happened to miraculously walk in, he couldn't of stopped to pull his shorts up anyway. Eventually he stopped, managed to sort his pants back out again, and washed his hands. He quickly washed his face as well, as he felt all sweaty from the tension of holding on.

Refreshed, he went outside and found Amy leaning against the side walk. She looked a bit upset still. He approached her, and without saying a word, she turned with him and they started up the path again.

Not really understanding her abrupt mood change, he jokingly said, "Boy, that was close. I thought you were going to win there for a minute. I very nearly didn't make it."

She didn't speak for a minute, instead waiting until they were inside the part of the path lined by the low bushes again. Suddenly, she grabbed his hand, and made him stop. He looked at her quizzically, wondering what was bugging her. He didn't have to wait long.

"Dan, do you think I'm bad or lazy for wetting in my nappy on purpose? Be honest. I understand why you might think bad things of me, but truly, it's only because I'd end up wetting myself anyway where I couldn't control it. I really mean it. I don't want you to think I'm just a lazy little bitch or something. Yes, I do do it on purpose sometimes, but it's only cause I choose to do it when I can control it, not because I'm dirty or lazy. If I had of been you in the park, there's no way I could've made it to the toilet, so for me it's easier to do a sneaky wee while I'm standing still. It's just cause I have to, not cause I want to be a freak. Dan, I really didn't think you would make it, and I knew you had a good pull up on for a change. I was just trying to let you know it was okay if you got wet. I didn't want to make you do something that you didn't want to do. I'm so sorry."

Her voice caught a bit as she finished speaking. Dan was shocked.

"Amy. Listen to me. I'm not mad, I'm just shy. I'm still getting used to wearing a diaper during the day, and I've never, not even growing up and wearing at nighttime, have I ever deliberately wet one in front of anyone else before. Yes, I've watched myself pee in one, and yes, I've had accidents and wet myself in front of other people, but I've never done it on purpose like that. "

He continued. "These pull ups feel amazing. I really need to test them out, and to tell you the complete truth, I was so very tempted to just let go and try it out. But the thing is, I really like you, and it just somehow seemed wrong for me to give in. In a way, I think I was trying to impress you by being strong and holding on long enough to make it."

He looked her right in the eye, put on a mock-firm voice, and pretended to scold her, "And while we're on the subject, don't be so bloody silly!"

She looked at him, a bit shocked. But she saw he was smiling.

"I could never think you were dirty or lazy. I actually think your the bravest person I've ever met. I don't know how you've stayed so strong for so long. You are just the nicest, strongest, prettiest girl I've ever met, and I hope I can be as strong as you are now that I know my incontinence isn't going away anytime soon. I hope you're willing to help me learn."

He risked a grin at her. "You may have to teach me a bit more about how to have a pre-emptive strike. I will admit, I'm not against the idea. It might help."

She looked up at him. His slightly taller height making her tilt her head back slightly.

"I'll teach you all I know Catholic boy Dan. Your pretty special yourself. I think I'm a very lucky little Catholic school girl to have found somebody as nice as you. And you DO have a cute diapered butt!"

Before he could react, she had stood up on her tiptoes, where she planted a small, sweet kiss, right on his lips.

*058*2016-03-30 22:55

Chapter 21:

Dan was stunned. His body reacted instantly, and his boyhood went as hard as it had ever been before, pushing at an uncomfortable angle inside his pull up. When she stepped back, he had no choice but to try to subtly adjust his shorts a bit, as he felt himself standing to attention down there. He hoped like crazy that his extra padding was concealing his obvious arousal.

"This is crazy Amy. I've only known you for a few hours, but I feel the same. I can't believe how much I, I dunno, sort of really like you already." He hurried on before he lost his nerve altogether. "Don't think I'm being stupid or anything, and I'm not trying to just hit on you, but wow, you are just so amazing, and being here with you makes me feel, like really special, ya know?"

"I know Daniel. Believe me, I feel the same. It's like we don't really know each other, but like we've known each other for years all at the same time."

She looked at him. "Dan, have you ever kissed a girl before now?"

He felt that familiar blush rising again.

"No Amy. I don't even know many girls. You don't meet many in my school, and I don't have a lot of friends or anything. I can't believe we get on so well. Girls usually kinda scare me. When I first saw you this morning, after I registered how pretty you look, the first thought I got was there was no way a spunk like you would ever talk to me, especially if you knew I had a wet nappy on. Now look at us! I just got my first kiss from a hot chick in a wet nappy! I can't believe it!"

They shared a mutual laugh. It was more of a quiet chuckle really. Dan had tried to lighten the mood, but they both knew the truth behind what he had said, and what he meant by it.

"I'll tell you another secret Danny boy. I never once thought that my first kiss would come from a hot looking Catholic boy wearing a diaper either!"

With the awkwardness of their first ever kiss each out of the way, they continued back into the playground. Amy checked her phone. "Do you know, after all that, we've only been here for less than an hour and a half?"

"No wonder I needed to pee so bad, I can't believe I drank that much coke so quickly. I really will have to be careful today. Well, if we don't have to leave yet, do you wanna keep talking some more? I'd like too....."

Amy replied, "We can probably hang out here for a little while, but mum will freak if I'm too late. What more do you want to talk about?"

"Tell me more about these pre-emptive strikes. What do you do, and how do you do it? I'm still so shocked that your mum just lets you do it on purpose. I bet my mum would just freak out."

She laughed. "I guess it's just because of how different we are. Mummy's been dealing with my wetting since I was six, and I guess she's just used to it a bit more than your mum."

Dan was interested in how Amy had suddenly used a much more childish term like "mummy," but he didn't react to it. It was just interesting how when she was talking about being allowed to pee herself, she automatically sounded more like a little girl than she normally did.

"Well, I guess it obviously started after my accident. I was in hospital for about 5 weeks I guess, and for most of that time, I had a catheter in. Do you know what that is?"

Dan nodded, so she continued. When I first got out, I was completely wee incontinent. Totally. So I wore big thick cloth baby-style nappies with a booster in them, with plastic pants over them for extra protection. But as I started to heal up, I switched to the pull ups like you wear. I had to go back to school of course, so I had to toilet train all over again. But as I told you, it was never the same as it used to be, and I would have a lot of accidents. I was off school for nearly 3 months. By the way, because of that I repeated grade 1, so I'm only in year 7 now, not year 8 like you are. "

"Anyway, I started going to school wearing my pull ups. At that age, my leaks weren't real big, so they worked a lot better, but I'd still have to change myself at school maybe 3 times a day. I tried really really hard to go to the toilet, and often I would make it, but I'd still wet myself a few times every day, and I hated it. "

"It used to just wear me out, physically and emotionally. By the time I'd get home from school, I'd be a tired and grumpy mess. The pressure I'd put on myself to just get better and stop having accidents was huge, and I struggled to cope, big time. I still wore the big cloth diapers with plastic pants to bed, and when I had those on, I obviously couldn't take them off easily, so I'd just wet them if I needed to go, and it was so much easier. After I went back to school, I started only wearing those at night, and only pull ups during the day, but I was having so much drama trying not to wet, I'd be exhausted and miserable when I got home."

"I still remember the first time things changed. Mum had picked me up from school and I was stuffed. I had had a bad day, and probably had already changed my little pull ups 3 or 4 times, and I was already soaked again. I had run out, so I couldn't change again, and had been wearing that one wet for quite a while. When we got home, I had a big drink of juice, and changed again. I was only wearing my pull up and a singlet, and I was sitting at the table colouring in some school stuff. 

Suddenly I got the urge to pee again, but before I could do anything, I completely flooded myself again. I started crying and screaming with frustration, and mum came running in to see what had happened. There was a big puddle on the floor, and I was bawling my eyes out, and trying to apologise that I'd just wet myself yet again. Mummy gave me a cuddle, (again, Amy slipped back into kiddie talk without seeming to realise it,) and said, I've got an idea! How about, after school, we put your night time nappy on, and you stop worrying about it? You can change before you go to bed, but unless you need to poo, you just go in your nappy and stop worrying about it. Save your energy for staying dry at school, at least for now."

"So from then on, for the next couple of years, I'd get home from school and mum would put me in a cloth nappy. When I was in one, I didn't have to stress about having accidents anymore. I was a lot calmer, and I got to sleep easier as well. It was like I'd be stressed at school all day, but when I got home, at least I could cut the toilet stress out. It really helped."

"But I couldn't wear them if we went out. Id have to put a pull up on again. Then, the nerves would start again. I couldn't wear pants or shorts in case I leaked, so it was dresses or skirts only for going out. After being caught short a few times, I was learning the warning signs of when I was likely to lose control, so if I was out with mum, and we got to a quiet spot, like maybe beside the car in the car park, or at this park and I told her I needed to go, she told me to just use my special pants where nobody would see me."

"And it does help Dan. Trust me. Sometimes when you gotta go you just gotta go, and it's a lot better being in control of it when you do. If you pick a private time or spot, and you leak, you get away with it. If you try and hold on, you risk an embarrassing leak in public. And you, being a boy, are going to be sooo much more noticeable with wet pants than I am."

"The pre-emptive pee can be your biggest asset Danny boy. You really need to learn it if you're gonna get through this, trust me in that."

*060*2016-03-31 11:23

Chapter 22:

Amy checked her phone. It was nearly 4:00 o'clock.

"We oughta start heading back Dan. Mum would of usually been texting me by now, starting to worry. She must feel safer knowing I've got a big strong boy looking after me," and she giggled.

Dan laughed as well. Taking her hand he replied, "She's right too you know. I will if I can."

Amy didn't speak. She just smiled at him and accepted his hand easily, giving it a squeeze. It was remarkable how quickly they were getting used to holding hands and physical contact. Subconsciously they kept gently bumping each other or leaning against one another as they started walking. It was like they had a real craving for some form of innocent physical contact with each other. If either of them noticed it, they didn't dare say it out loud in case it spoiled the mood.

Dan pondered a question. "What about your sister? Alison isn't it? How do you guys get on? I'm an only child myself, so I haven't grown up with anyone but mum and dad seeing all my problems."

"Alison's really nice, but we're not real close. My dad had her with his ex, and she's a real nut job. As far as I know, she's in prison in Melbourne, but I've never met her. I think Alison writes to her sometimes. But dad married mum when Ali was about 7 or so, and I came along a year or so later. I don't remember dad much at all. I was only 2 when he died. After that, Ali spent a lot of time staying with dads mother, my nan, and also with his sister and her kids. All his family chipped in with raising both of us, but I think they took her a bit more so mum could have more time with me. You know, she was single with a toddler, so it helped her out a lot. But the bottom line is Ali is 8 years older than me, and we didn't really grow up together all the time. I love her heaps, but we're more kinda friends than sisters in a way."

Amy continued. "She was always nice to me about my problems. She never really helped to like change me or anything, but she wouldn't let other kids pick on me either. She was down here last weekend and we went to the movies together."

"How about school? What's that been like?" Dan wanted to know.

"Oh, you can imagine. It hasn't always been great, but it coulda been worse as well. I went to St Margarets in Auckland as well. The same order of nuns run it. It was a lot smaller over there though. Most of the kids knew each other, or at least of each other. After my accident, the school rallied round me for a while. I got lots of cards and letters, and they did some fundraising as well. When I got out of hospital, but before I was well enough to go back full time, mum would take me in for a couple of hours in the afternoon maybe twice a week. I was in a wheelchair then, and they all made a big fuss over me. The big kids wanted to look after me, and the little ones sorta looked up to me. I was the little girl who got stomped on by a big horse and survived!"

"It was a smart thing to do. It made the other kids realise early, before I went back full time, that things had changed, and I now had some different issues to cope with. Plus, the nuns at St Margarets are REALLY anti bullying. They wouldn't put up with kids giving me crap. I already told you, I repeated grade 1, so the next year I was the oldest and biggest in the class, and cause I'd done a lot of the work previously, I was pretty good at it. The other kids always wanted me to help them, and I actually made some new friends, as well as kept most of my older friends who were now a year ahead. But we still hung out."

"It wasn't perfect, and a lot of embarrassing things happened, but I got through it. This years been tough though. I'd never been to Australia before, and while we're the same in a lot of things, it's so different as well! I can't believe how freaking hot it gets here! And the beaches everywhere! Thankfully, there was one other kiwi chick from my class back home came here this year as well. We were never close friends back home, but they put us in a class together and we've sorta clicked together. Her names Tania, and she's a big tough Maori girl, and of course she knows my history, so she looks out for me."

But St Margs here is like 100 times bigger. There's just hundreds of kids. And being the new girl they're curious. Most of my class at least know that I've got some problems. My teacher, Sister Joan, suggested I do like a show and tell presentation about myself. Tell 'em all about how my accident happened, and like what it's done for me. I mean, you just can't be incontinent and wear diapers full time in high school and keep it a secret."

"So I did it and told 'em. Most of the girls in my class have been nice enough to me, but there's the other year 7s as well. There's 3 classes of us. Some of the others just avoid me, like I'm gonna piss in THEIR pants or something. And the bigger kids can just be mean. Some of the girls just don't care at all about the no bullying thing. They don't hurt me at all, but there's a lot of nasty stuff gets said behind the nuns backs though."

"I try not to let it bug me, but it does sometimes. I can't help it. But I won't let them break me down. Fuck them."

After this speech, Amy suddenly let go of Dans hand. He was still trying to process everything she had told him, and looked at her a bit confused. She tilted her head, drawing his attention to where they were. With a shock, he realised that they had walked all the way back to Amy's house, and were indeed standing in her driveway."

"No offence Dan. But I'm not ready for mum to catch me holding hands with a boy. Not even a good little Catholic boy like yourself."

*061*2016-03-31 12:29

Chapter 23:

The kids walked up the drive, but heard chatter in the backyard. Opening the side gate, they entered the back patio area, finding both their mothers sitting at a small round table, cigarettes burning in the ashtray, an empty wine bottle beside the ice bucket, with another bottle showing signs of being a couple of glasses worth missing.

"MOTHER!" Amy scolded in a light heated tone. You're supposed to be quitting remember?"

Sonia tried to look abashed, but both of their mothers were obviously showing signs of being slightly tipsy, and she couldn't keep a straight face. "I know, my darling daughter. I have lapsed. I'll try harder in future. Where have you kids been? We were about to send a search party out!"

"It doesn't even look like you missed us" Amy replied. "Too busy having fun on the grog I think!" Both of their mothers laughed at this.

Amy looked at Dan. "We just chilled out at the park. Got some chips and nibblies. We've been talking about school and stuff."

Before Sonia could reply, Sue muttered "Oh shit" under her breath. "My phones been on silent. I've got, let's see, 4 missed calls from Jackie and 2 from Steve. Excuse me." With that, she picked up her phone and wandered off into the garden, lighting another smoke on the way. Dan looked concerned. He explained "That's my aunt Jackie. She lives in Bunbury, and she's like heavily pregnant with twins. It's mums sister. Steves their brother, my uncle. He's gay."

Amy snorted with laughter. "Whaaat? Why did you mention that?"

Dan reddened. "I don't know. He's really a cool guy. He lives with his boyfriend in Fremantle. They've got a shop. I don't know why I mentioned that."

Dan, Amy and Sonia all exchanged glances, then erupted with laughter at the same time. As they calmed down, Sue was pacing past, talking animatedly in the phone. They were treated to one side of the conversation.

"Yes Steve. I know Steve. I'll call her back. Yes. Right now. I don't know what I can do. I can't just drop everything and go. Because. Just calm down for a second. One, because Dans here. I'm not taking him. No, mum and dad are on the cruise, remember. Yes. That cruise. Aaand, I can't drive. Because I've been drinking. Not that it's any of your bloody business, but I'm catching up with an old friend I haven't seen in years. Sonia. Yeesss. THAT Sonia. She held the phone out. SONIA, Steve says high."

"HELLO STEVE!" Sonia called out. She turned to Dan. I know Steve and Jackie from years ago. He's a lovely bloke. I hope nothing's wrong though..."

Sue continued. "Steve. Listen. Your not listening. Listen! I want to go, but I can't drive. I'm not dragging Daniel down there, he can't go to Mums, Petes still away for 2 more weeks, and Barbara and the kids are away for the weekend. I don't want to leave him home alone, not overnight." She sighed deeply. "I know. I know. Look just leave it with me for 10 minutes. I'll try and call Jackie, and I'll call you right back. Okay? Yes. Love you to. Goodbye."

With that, Sue dropped back into her chair, reached for her wine glass, and drained the last of it.

Looking very worried, Dan asked "What is it mum, what's wrong?"

Looking at Sonia and Amy as well, bringing them up to speed at the same time, Sue explained, "Jackie is pregnant with twins. She's just gone into labour 3 weeks early. But she lives in bloody Bunbury, and her husband works with Pete up north. Their not due back for 2 weeks. They only moved there recently, and don't really know anyone properly yet. Mum and dad are on a cruise, Steve wants me to go down to Bunbury with him, but I don't want to drag Danny down just to sit at the hospital all bloody night. Petes sister and her tribe are away. So I've got to think."

"Danny, would you be happy to stay home by yourself overnight? I know it's a big ask, but I don't know what else to do. Unless you can think of something?"

As Sue and Dan started whispering earnestly with each other, Dan with an obviously nervously unhappy look on his face, Amy sidled up to Sonia, and whispered in her ear. Sonia seemed to hesitate briefly, looking flustered at her daughter, but then spoke softly back to her. Amy's face lit up. She cleared her throat, and said to Dan and Sue, "Excuse me, but if it'll help,Dan could stay here tonight, I mean, like if he'd like to that is?" She said this while looking questioningly at Dan.

*062*2016-03-31 13:08

Chapter 24:

Sue and Dan both stopped talking, looked at Amy, looked at Sonia, who just shrugged exaggeratedly with a "Nothing to do with me expression," then looked at each other.

Sue said, "Can you both excuse us for a minute?" Then gestured Dan to walk away with her.

"What do you want to do mate? I don't want to take you with me in case something goes wrong. Jackie lost a baby before, and it's not something a boy of your age needs to see, and it sounds like she may be having trouble. Plus, we'll be just sitting around the waiting room all night, after the long bloody drive to get there of course."

"You're big enough to stay by yourself, but I won't force you if you don't want to. But with all the family away, I don't know what to do. If you don't want to stay by yourself, that's fine, I won't go, alright? So don't feel guilty kiddo. But I need to know, what do you want to do?"

Dan looked down at his feet. "Could I stay here? Is that an option?"

Sue looked incredulous. "I'm sure it is sweetie, or Sonia wouldn't have said so. But it's overnight. You'll have to sleep here remember. You generally don't want to do that is all I mean. Think about what it entails. At least if you're home you'll have some privacy, and there's heaps of microwave stuff to eat."

"I don't really want to stay all alone all night mum. It's not that I'm scared or anything of course, but, I've never done it before."

"That's true darling, but you've never had a sleepover before either, have you?"

"Mum! I've stayed and nans and Jackies, and even uncle Steves before, heaps of times."

"Honey I know, but think about it. What you'll have to wear to bed...."

"Mum, I think it'll be cool. I'm sure you and Sonia talked all about us while we were gone, so you probably both know all our secret stuff anyway, don't you?"

Sue just nodded, but had the decency to look a bit guilty at least.

"Well, Amy and I talked too. As you know anyway by now, we gotta lot of stuff in common, like what we wear to bed each and why we need it. We talked about a lot of stuff, not just school. We're sorta very similar because of our problems. If I'm ever gonna have a sleepover before I turn old like 30 or something, I might as well have one with another kid who understands, you know? I mean, if we both have to wear protection to bed, at least we can't make fun of one another. It'll be kinda cool in a way. Having my first proper sleepover without worrying about what other kids will do. So can I stay? Please?"

"I'll double check with Sonia that Amy's not blackmailing her first, but if it's alright with them, and you don't mind, it would be a big help. And just for the record, 30 is not old!"

Sue went and sat down with Sonia, while Amy walked over to Dan.

"Whaddya reckon? Good idea of mine or what!" She said.

"I guess so" said Dan. He sheepishly added "You know, I've never had a proper sleepover with a friend before."

"Neither have I, Catholic boy! This is going to be fun!"

*065*2016-03-31 22:42

Chapter 25:

Sue sat down with Sonia, shaking her head in a negative gesture when more wine was offered.

"No thanks dear. It looks like I may need to keep a clear head. Now listen, are you sure this is alright with you? It seems like a bit of an imposition. I haven't seen you in nearly 15 years, and within a few hours I'm dumping my teenage boy on you! I really don't mind if you're not comfortable with it?"

"Sue, sweetheart, I 100% don't mind at all. You really can't take him with you, and kids his age shouldn't be left unsupervised for too long. What if he burned your house down making toast or something? Relax, I'm just joking. It'll be fine, plus, it was Amy's idea, and that's what makes me want to do it. As we both were saying earlier, neither of our kids are exactly overburdened in the friends department. 

Amy's only really got one friend, a little Maori girl from her old school, and they're really just school time friends. They haven't ever hung out with each other outside school time. Amy has really started to withdraw a bit since we got here, she just spends most of her time in her room. I found out that she was invited to a birthday party a few weeks ago, but she didn't go. She didn't even ask me, just told the girl she already had plans. She really struggles to make friends. Maybe the fact that your son and her have so much in common apart from their age, might mean she's getting ready to open up a bit."

She poured herself a small wine. "Do you know, Amy's never had a sleepover? I don't just mean her going out, but also never had friends over either. It makes me sad that my daughter has missed out on so much. That's why it sort of threw me a bit when she suggested it. It's never happened before, but now she suddenly wants a friend over."

Sue interjected. "I know exactly what you mean. Danny's the same. Because of the bed wetting, he's always refused flat out to sleep anywhere but at our families places. Plus, he's never once asked for a friend to stay at our house either. We've suggested it of course, but he hates the thought of being seen by others in his night nappy."

Sonia posed the question. "Why now do you think? We've got 2 socially introverted kids, kids that border on being anti social at times, kids who are deeply embarrassed about they're medical issues, who meet each other for the first time, and within 4 hours, are suddenly keen for a sleepover that they've never wanted before. Kids of the opposite sex. Should we read something into that? Should we worry?"

Sue pondered for a moment. "You know darling, you may be right perhaps. Maybe they have discovered a bit of a spark there. But for Christs sake Sonia, they're only 14 you know. I don't think it's likely they'll be jumping into bed with each other just yet. When I spoke to Danny, he admitted that they did talk about a lot of their "stuff" together. That's a big shock for me as well. Dans so secretive about his problems around other kids. For him to open up to Amy like that, it must mean that he likes her enough to trust her. You know what kids are like. A few hours in and they're talking together about stuff that we as parents can't get them to open up about usually. But I do know what you mean, we may need to keep an eye on it though. But I think they're both just happy to have found someone their own age to talk too. It's a big burden these kids carry. It will do them both the world of good to be able to talk to someone about it."

"That's another point," Sonia said, "Keeping an eye on them. Dans welcome here tonight, but I'm going out for a few hours. My gentleman friend I told you about is taking me to dinner, so I'll be away for a little while. I wasn't looking forward to leaving Amy home alone then, but it could be alright now that Dan will be here, providing they don't get up to mischief. Then, tomorrow, I've got to run a viewing at an open house in Subiaco. I'll be gone for a few hours again. So, bottom line, do you think we should trust them?"

"I've always trusted my son Sonia, but this is new ground for sure. I say, let's give them the benefit of the doubt and trust them. It saves both of them from being home alone, and gives us both a break from worrying about them on their own. Instead, we can start worrying about them fooling around instead....."

Sonia laughed and spoke softly, " Teenagers! One minute you're worried they're gonna wet the bed, the next it's who's sleeping in it! Okay. I say we let them have their little slumber party, but we have a little talk with them as well. Agreed?"

"Agreed! I'll ring Jackie and Steve back, and get this trip organised."

She pulled out her phone and started to make calls.

While this conversation was going on, the kids were talking as well. They were both excited but scared. It was going to be great to spend more time together learning more about each other and how they dealt with stuff, but at the same time it was daunting and scary as well. But they started making plans for their new adventure. What shows they could watch, games they would play, and things they would do. Amy insisted that Dan bring his bathers with him so they could swim in the pool tomorrow, and they talked about that as well.

As much as the grown ups were worried about the adult stuff the kids may do, they were just looking forward to having fun. Of course, they were definitely looking forward to being close with each other as well, but they were just wanting to know as much about each other as they could learn.

A few minutes later, Sue walked over. "It's sorted. We'll get a cab home, then Steve will drop you back here before we go to Bunbury. We better get cracking Dan. You have a sleepover to prepare for!"

*067*2016-04-01 04:05

Apologies for some of the glaring typos. As I said at the start, this is all being done on my phone, and autocorrect has a lot to answer for sometimes.

I posted that last chapter this morning, and I did proof read it, but hurried through as my battery was nearly flat. Upon re-checking it a while back, I then picked up on the "there/their/they're adjustments, so/do, of/off and a few more. This caused another edit.

I've been re-reading it from the start, and each time I do, I find another minor typo somewhere. There's a couple of misplaced quotation marks and commas as well.

I know it's not a big deal, but I always notice these things in other people's stories, but seem to be glossing over them occasionally in mine. I'm not a grammar nazi, but it bugs me in my writing. I'll be attempting a full edit at some point.

Apart from that, so far so good. I have some nice plans for the next few chapters, and will endeavour to be a bit more pedantic with my proof reading.

Cheers for the support

Barry.

P.S. Oh the irony! I double posted the explanation and had to edit it back. Lol.

*069*2016-04-01 11:10

Chapter 26:

The cab pulled up in the driveway and the horn sounded. The farewells and thank-yous went around, then the lady and her son walked out and got in the back seat, giving the driver the address.

As soon as Dans butt hit the seat, he became aware of the fact that he was still wearing the grown up style of pull up. The extra padding he felt was so different to the "kiddie pull ups" he had gotten used to. He had meant to change when they returned from the park, but had completely forgotten during the drama of his mothers phone call. It bothered him slightly, but he was fairly sure she wouldn't notice.

The cab took off, and Sue turned to her son, "Well I'm guessing you and Amy must've hit it off ok then?"

Dan tried to guard his expression, but his excitement was easily readable to his mother. While he tried to play it down, Sue could see how happy he seemed.

"Yeah mum. She's pretty cool for a girl. We just talked a lot about school, and you know, the other stuff, but she seems very nice, you know, for a girl I mean."

Sue had to suppress a smirk. But if he kept pointing out the fact that Amy was indeed a girl, then Sue would struggle. She knew her boy didn't have a lot of experience with the fairer sex, and she found it cute the way he was reacting towards her.

"So, what are you guys going to do tonight then?" The inquiry was made with every effort to make it appear casual. Certainly any ulterior meaning seemed to have gone over the boys head.

But the way his face lit up was priceless. His eyes widened, his smile touching them almost, and she noticed he still had at least one baby tooth left. In that moment, she was transported back to his younger days, when it seemed he could still take great pleasure from the simple things. The look he had on his face was reminiscent of his eighth birthday, when he saw the bike he wanted sitting there with a bow attached to the handlebars. Simply, a look of childish happiness. It wasn't an expression she'd seen on his face for a long time. He even sounded younger as he spoke, a certain excitedness altering his speech.

"Well, we're gonna watch some movies, set up her Xbox in the lounge room and play some games on their big screen. I think we're gonna set up some air mattresses in the lounge room, and we're gonna sleep on those, kinda like we're camping, you know what I mean? I think Sonia's getting some Chinese take out for dinner as well. I'm going to take my bathers, and we'll have a swim in the pool tomorrow. It's going to be radical!"

Sue couldn't believe this was her sometimes sullen and increasingly withdrawn son gabbling on at her. The excitement in his voice was obvious. He was trying to sound calm, but it wasn't working very well.

She had picked up on the fact that they were planning on sleeping in the same room together. That wasn't something she had anticipated. Fair enough, it was on two separate beds, but she had assumed they would just want seperate rooms, for the privacy that it would afford them when it came to the possibility of waking up wet. But she decided not to make a big thing out of it. It didn't sound like they'd really put a lot of thought into it, and Sue didn't want Dan to even consider what sleeping in the same room with a girl could lead too. She was sure that if they were planning on any hanky panky, then he would be trying to be more deceptive about it. The very fact that he had told her their plans, meant that their plans were probably just innocent. But she would have a quiet word to him before she left anyway.

Really animated, Daniel continued chatting away during the drive. Not always about Amy, but it was sweet the way her name just popped up during his conversation. By the time they had gotten home, Sue knew all about Amy's preferred food, soft drink, music and games. It was the most Dan had spoken to her without being prodded to in months. Sue paid the driver, and they went inside.

Once inside, Sue started to give instructions. "Righto my boy. Uncle Steve will be here in about 40 minutes. You need to get packed. She gave him the shopping bags containing the diapers that she had purchased earlier, but left on the floor behind a chair in the lounge, and told him to take them to his room.

"Now listen Danny. I want you to take whatever protection you feel comfortable with to wear during the day. But I want you to wear some grown up ones tonight, okay? I don't care which ones, you can try one of these thicker pull ups if you don't want to wear the tape up one, but I want you to wear one of them, and take some spares as well, okay? Same with your Goodnights. Take some spares. If you do have an accident, I want you to be able to take care of it yourself, got it?"

"That's cool mum. He looked at the packages. Did you know this is exactly what Amy wears too? She said they work pretty well." He wondered what his mum would say if she new he was wearing one already. He was kind of glad she didn't.

Sue almost laughed, but again stifled it. Dan was sounding like the president of Amy's fan club.

"Have a seat for a moment mate. I just want to talk to you for a moment."

Dan sat down, kicking off his flip flops and crossing his legs, a quizzical look on his face.

"Danny, you know I love you, and you know I trust you. Now I know that you understand all about the birds and the bees stuff, but hear me out here. You and Amy have only just met. You seem to have hit it off pretty well so far, but tread lightly son. I don't want to get any reports from Sonia that you kids were screwing around at all, got me? You have fun, but keep your hands to yourself. You're going to be trusted here, and be unsupervised for awhile, don't start doing stuff that you shouldn't do, alright? You know what I'm talking about. "

"Jesus mum, calm down. We're going to have a sleepover and play games and stuff. We're only like 14 you realise."

"14s old enough to get into trouble Dan, so behave yourselves okay. I mean it. Also, when you go upstairs, have a shower. Your feet are filthy."

Dan looked reasonably abashed after this little speech. He agreed to behave, and after checking out his feet he said he'd have a quick shower as well. He picked up his diapers, and went upstairs to his room.

*070*2016-04-01 13:17

XX

*073*2016-04-01 15:21

XX

*074*2016-04-01 22:41

Just to clarify, I wrote and posted 2 more chapters. One chapter had themes of masturbation featured heavily in it, then it continued into the next one.

I wrote it, and liked it, thinking it was relevant.

However, upon re-reading it, I started to consider that it was too hard core, or adult themed for a story featuring young kids. Both chapters took a total of over 2 hours to complete, but I was concerned that I had crossed the line with a story about kids, so I decided to delete them, and write them again.

I know MinervaFan read them, but I don't think many did as they weren't up for long. If you did read them, accept my apologies, but I'm redoing them as I'm not interested in writing what could be classed as soft porn featuring children.

I'm gonna try again.

&&

