Lust & Desperation: Part 1

Author: Jane Jones

*000*2020-02-24 20:05

Hey everyone! Jane here.

My latest Amazon story: Lust & Desperation: Part 1, is now available and if any of you can support its purchase, it would be massively appreciated. Here's an extract from the story, I hope you all enjoy; the link to buy the full thing is below.

LUST & DESPERATION: PART 1

Lowered down to the floor, she basked in post-orgasm glow and throwing off her bra and jeans, she let her hands roam freely across her body, rubbing her breasts, stroking her thighs and occasionally stretching to remove any last remaining knots in her muscles. As she did however, she felt a new sensation in her belly and groaned. Every time she had an orgasm, she always needed to pee afterwards and with such an intense one, was already beginning to feel quite desperate. Leaning forwards to get up, she felt herself be pushed down as Thomas got on top of her and before she could say anything, they were kissing again. Thomas was now almost unbearably horny, having unzipped his jeans, practically torn off his boxers and it was only his good nature that prevented himself from instantly taking her virginity from her without her permission. Leaning onto her now; completely naked, felt amazing, his chest rubbing against her breasts, his cock rubbing against her skin. He was on cloud nine.

Emily was also on cloud nine but after several moments of indecision, she was finally forced to push Thomas off, after a short but quick spurt of urine leaked into her underwear. As her fetish was Omorashi, she would have happily wet herself right there and then but not wanting to risk this experience in a moment of stupid lust, she forced herself to start moving towards the bathroom.

"Where are you going?" asked Thomas. "Bathroom" replied Emily. "I'll be right back" she said, winking cheekily.

As her hand grabbed the door handle, she felt herself be turned around by Thomas.

"Emily wait, there's something I need to ask you...".

Emily clenched her legs desperately, now on the verge of losing it, her muscle strength almost completely gone.

"Can it wait; I really need to go?".

Thomas didn't reply and Emily took that to mean that whatever he wanted to say could wait, however as she stepped inside the bathroom, he said something she would never forget:

"Will you wet yourself for me?".

%https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B0853BXLBD/ref=sr_1_1?keywords=Jane+Jones&qid=1582574319&s=digital-text&sr=1-1

$$

