The Special University

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2012-06-13 14:20

OKay, this story starter might be a little long, especially since the first chapter doesn't even have any desperation in it yet. However, I am not sure how many chapters it will be, but I'm sure it won't run that long. There will be female desperation, and wetting. There will be wetting caused by strict teachers at a special university, there will likely (I haven't decided for sure yet) some bed wetting, and there will be a little humiliation. At least one of the main Characters will absolutely hate wetting herself, but have accidents, and one of them will secretly enjoy it, but try to act as disgusted and upset by it as she thinks is normal to do so. One of them will not wet as a general rule, and the fourth one, well, I don't know what to say about her yet. There will also be two boys mentioned, at least one of which might wet his pants at one point or another in the story. Those are all the spoilers I'm giving for now.

So, Time for Chapter one, the beginning of the tale. Which I don't plan to drag out much past the tenth chapter, even if it's really good. So, don't expect it to last that long. Just a warning for those that love chapter stories.

Brenda’s Lessons

Chapter One: The Dormitory Rules

Brenda was a new student at the special adult education school. She had read the pamphlets, and she knew that those that graduated this very prestigious (and fictional) school, always had a job inside of six weeks of graduating.

There were many catches, however. The school strictly told the students that they would be treated like high school kids, and sometimes worse, and that all their progress reports would be sent home to parents so that they could see what their children were doing. Not only that, but they would never get into another college if they allowed themselves to fail this college.

Brenda and her parents talked about the school over the course of a year before deciding on it. Money was not a factor at all, at least not for her parents, but her success was. Brenda also wanted to succeed, but she had been worried about the part where the school would continue to treat her like a child, but in the end, agreed with her parents, that it was only six more years (not four?), and then she would have a guaranteed job when she graduated in the field that was right for her.

Now, at nineteen and a half years old, the auburn nearly carrot headed and lightly freckled young woman with a broad grin and green laughing eyes was in front of the gate to the private university to begin what seemed like high school all over again. She looked down at her light brown leather handbag, closed her eyes, and took a determined step through the arches of fore boding gate to hell.

There were plenty of young people just like her just beyond the gate, and even behind her ready to step through. There were also those that were used to the life in that place, who seemed to walk resigned to another year, neither with smiles, but also not crying or looking too miserable. Those that were used to the way of the school, walked straight for the dormitories located around the back of the main building.

Brenda gulped. Well, she had little choice now, if she wanted to make something of herself. Her parents had already registered her, and she was there, so she put her other foot in front of the one that stepped through the gate, and she proceeded to follow the upper classmen around the main building to find the dormitories.

What they had in store for her here, she was sure it would neither be pleasant nor necessary, but she had not planned on it being as bad as it actually was.

Brenda looked down at her handbag as she approached seven dormitory buildings, each with a different animal etched into the exterior walls by the doors.

Brenda Stockholms

Dorm Lion

Room Matsu 101

That was interesting. So each of the houses have a kind of unity organized around an animal that probably stood for some ideal or another and it would make the members of each house look after the other? Brenda sighed.

She pushed the doors to the dorm with the rearing lions open, and walked down the short hall to the information desk.

“Ah, Ms. Brenda Stockholms,” she had a pleasant smile and a bit too much perfume that had the opposite effect of what Brenda supposed she had wanted, that is, unless she wanted the students to stand at least ten feet from her. “You are in the same room as Ms. Cunnings. If you just walk to your left, go up the stairs to the first floor, and walked further down your left, you will find Matsu 101.”

Brenda smiled a polite smile though her nose wrinkled a bit at the over powering violets and something else that she didn’t quite make out that fumed from the woman’s arms. She turned and started to walk down the hall she was told to go. Of course, there were already many students ahead of her, and it seemed that the crowd had come to a standstill. It was ridiculous to have all the students looking for their rooms on the same day, Brenda thought, but apparently, that would be just one hint that this school was not going to be easy.

There was a method to the madness, you see. But you will see it….

After nearly fifteen minutes, her feet barely able to inch forward all the time, Brenda finally found herself on the first floor, and walking down the corridor to her room, but still in a fairly big crowd.

“I wonder how many people will be in the same room with me?” she thought aloud to herself. “Will there be a senior that is in charge of us all, or will we at least be treated like adults during our time off from classes?”

Another five minutes gave her plenty of time to wonder about things like that, and also for something in the lower pits of her stomach to announce to her that they existed. The familiar feeling, she had experienced many times so that she knew when she had to pee, was only making itself known. It was not yet in any dire situation, but Brenda knew better than to tempt fate when it came to her bladder. She could still remember the eleventh grade humiliation as her body finally gave up on the bus ride home one afternoon.

She walked slowly along following the students until finally, she found her room with four beds! She had known that it was common practice to have roommates in college, but three others? Why did it have to be so many? She knew that meant that it was unlikely she’d ever have any peace or privacy.

Brenda walked into the room, and met the first person there, who also had red-orange hair that was cropped just above her ears, though there was feminine design to it, and the girly earrings in her eyes gave her away as a woman.

Holding her hand out, Brenda greeted the stranger. “Hi. My name is Brenda.”

“I’m Amanda. I’m the room senior, and it is my responsibility to make sure that the room stays in good order, so please help me by keeping your things off of the floor, and taking turns with the cleaning efforts.”

“Sure. So, are we really going to have two other roommates?”

“Yeah. Their names are Amy and Jamie. That’s pretty much all I know at the moment about them though.”

“Well, I hate to be crude, but I really need to see about getting to the bathroom, okay?”

“Suite yourself, but you should be warned that going out there right now, you will be fighting the streams of students trying to get to their rooms.”

“Don’t we have connecting toilets?”

“What, do you think this is a hotel or something? This school is very strict and quite inconveniently set up in many of its designs, but this seems to have been done on purpose.”

“Are you kidding me?”

“Not at all.”

Brenda looked down. She was sure it wasn’t an emergency yet, but still, it was a bad idea to try to wait as she really wouldn’t know when the halls would clear out. “Well, I’m going to try to fight the crowd anyway.”

Brenda walked outside into the hall, and it was just as Amanda had said. Just like a little row boat with only one paddle to run upstream against, the current of people seemed to twirl her about and to push her back more than she could get a fighting few feet forward to the nearest one.

No one seemed to want to give even an inch for her or to turn sideways or whatever it might take to let her pass. Even if one did so, the person behind them both pushed them both ahead. So that soon, Brenda was even passing her room in the wrong direction!

Sighing, she decided to see if she might pass another bathroom further down the hall. There were over twenty rooms in this direction, and between the tenth and eleventh room, she did find an open archway that indicated a bathroom.

Brenda slipped in, and made her way towards the stalls, which were actually closed tiny rooms with a toilet, which made her feel a bit better, as each door had a lock to it despite the fact that both boys and girls would be sharing the same restrooms.

After Brenda had finished her initial business, and after she had seen the crowds still in the hall, she decided to look towards the back of the restrooms where she found the baths. The baths also had small single rooms with tubs that had locking doors, so that really made her feel much better about that.

Brenda tossed her long brunette hair around as she turned her head to look behind her at some young man that had come in behind her.

“Err… I was just checking out the restrooms,” he told her.

“Yeah, me too. I’ll just go.”

The young man with yellow hair smiled and stepped aside for her. It was quite a fight to get back to her room, but eventually, she made it. By then, the other two girls, one with long blue-black flowing hair to her slim butt and a golden blond broad faced and somewhat heavier girl had come into the room. The slender girl had a shallow face, and dark brown eyes. She smiled at Brenda as Brenda had opened the door to get into the room.

“I’m Amy. It’s very good to meet you.”

“I’m Jamie,” the golden blond looked up from sitting on her bed with a pad and pencils, drawing.

“Now, you are all here, I can go over the rules,” Amanda said in a low voice. “Of course, you are free to ask to change rooms if you find that you can’t believe that you need to do the things I say. Of course, if you do, you will never be fully trusted by your new roommates, and you will have a lot of difficulties.”

Brenda looked up at Amanda, then towards her other roommates to see if they were reacting the same way she felt.

“People will not trust you if you change rooms, because they will feel like you will betray them or make trouble. You will also find, that if you do change rooms, that my rules are both reasonable, and compared to some rooms, are quite fair.”

The girls narrowed their eyes at Amanda. It was obvious that she was setting them up for unpleasant news. She was the upper classman in charge of the room, and they all had the feeling that regardless of how pleasant she tried to make it sound, they would definitely had to do what she says, and Brenda was a little fearful of what that might mean.

“Alright girls, don’t look at me like that,” Amanda smiled at them. “It’s not as bad as all that! Trust me, you’ll find the teachers are much more strict than I’d ever be. And I will also be doing my share, as well.”

Brenda doubted it, but she smiled back at Amanda as did the other girls in any case. There was no point in making the upper classman a little upset with you on the first day over something that hadn’t really happened yet.

“So, we will each be responsible each day for cleaning the room. On Thursday, Amy will do the chores, Friday will be Jamie’s turn, Saturday will be for Brenda, I will take Sunday, and then Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, we will go back to you three in order.”

“So you only have to do the chores one day a week while we do it twice?” Jamie put her hands on her hips.

“Yes, but I’ll do it on Sunday, the one day we all would like to have free. When you are the upper classmen in the rooms, you can make your own rules, and even decide not to take a turn if you want.”

Brenda laid back on her bed. It would do no good to fight with Amanda about it. “So, what kind of daily chores do we do?”

“During the week, just make sure the floor is clean, your own bed is made, and that not even the one that is supposed to clean will do for you, and take out the trash. You are each responsible for your own clothes and books, and if the one cleaning finds your clothes or books, they will put them on your bed while they are cleaning unless you are dealing with them. That goes for me, too. You are not responsible for my clothes or books either. Just put them on my bed as you would each other’s if you find I’ve left something out.”

Amanda smiled at them all, and Brenda turned to look over at her.

“If anything happens, like bad grades, disobeying teachers, or other things that could get our room into trouble, you have an obligation to tell first me, and then our room. If we find out the hard way because the room was punished for your troubles, I will punish you yet again, and the other girls will not talk to you for a few days. However, if you man up, then you may find that we can be very forgiving, depending on what had happened.”

The rules of the room seemed quite strict and it seemed as if the other girls were treat Amanda as if she were their older sister and they had to do just about anything she said. Jamie had looked up the section on rooms in her student handbook, because they all became curious as to whether Amanda really could make up all these rules, and they found that not only were they legit rules, and not only did Amanda actually tell them some of the rules word for word, but that she was actually being somewhat kind about even participating in helping with the room chores.

“Now,” Amanda turned to look at the girls one last time before releasing them to go to dinner. “We are going to go get dinner, and when we come back, I want everyone in this room to take her bath and prepare for bed. Lights out is at nine-thirty.”

The other three girls groaned.

“I know,” Amanda rolled her eyes. “Believe me, I wouldn’t enforce that one if I didn’t have to. I hate going to be that early too, but if we are caught up after lights out, we will get in trouble as a room, if even one girl is found to be up.”

“What a load of caca!” Jamie whispered. The room had become so quiet after Amanda had told them the final rule, and everyone had groaned, however, that everyone heard what she said, and they all had a quick laugh as though it was a joke.

*002*2012-06-13 22:47

Still no descriptive wetting yet, but I'm setting the story up. Once you understand what is going on, some of the other things later to come will make sense, and without these opening chapters, none of this would make any sense at all. You have to suspend your idea of what reality is anyway just because there is no way any of this could or would happen in real life. But that's the beauty of fiction.

Chapter Two

Brenda was comfortably snoring in her bed sometime in the early hours of the morning, when a sudden pounding noise cut through her dreams about a trip to some exotic place with a boy of her dreams and jolted her senses to awaken.

“Let me in,” came the loud cries of one of her roommates from outside the door.

Brenda looked over at to Amanda’s bed, and saw her looking towards the door with glaring eyes.

“If anyone moves to open that door,” Brenda warned. “That girl will be in as much trouble as Jamie is. I know I told you all that we are not allowed to be up after lights out, and yet, Jamie just decided to leave the room anyway, probably to see if she could meet a boy.”

“What if she just went to the bathroom?” Amy whispered.

“What if she did?” Amanda asked her back.

“Well, wouldn’t it be cruel to make her stand out there and get in trouble for just doing that?”

“Maybe,” Amanda put her finger to her lips. “But as I don’t know what she was doing, really, I can’t take that chance. She is on her own, and if either of you help her, I’ll tell the teachers that you were involved as well.”

Brenda sat up on her bed. She looked over at Amanda who then turned her gaze back at Brenda.

“If you are even thinking about standing up, miss, you will be reported,” Amanda whispered in a low hiss. “It’s the rules, so get used to them. You don’t get up during lights out.”

Brenda sighed and crawled back into the bed. “What will happen to her?”

“Security will probably come for her, take her to their office to sleep the rest of the night, and then file paperwork on her which will be forwarded to our dean. As long as no one else gets up or does anything, and if she really went to the bathroom, then she will probably just get a warning, and our room will lose one point.”

“Are the points that important?” Amy asked in a whisper.

“Well, they can affect our grades for the semester. If we have a lot of points, a borderline grade will be raised to the higher grade. If we have too few points, even a middle of row grade can be dropped to the next lower grade, so if you are a B student, you will still pass, but if you have any Cs, it can cause you a lot of trouble in that class.”

Brenda slid down into the blankets and tried to close her eyes against the pounding of the door. It was no use staring at the pounding as it would just cause more trouble if she let Jamie in, even though she did feel sorry for her.

Soon, the pounding stopped, and they heard muffled noises from outside. Jamie was apparently led off.

Hours later, Brenda woke up to see that Amanda was staring at the door but still lying in bed. Amy was still sleeping, but her movements told Brenda that she would soon wake as well.

“When will we be allowed to get out of bed?” Brenda asked Amanda.

“As soon as our dormitory manager comes in and tells us we can,” Amanda yawned. “If we are found getting dressed before that, we will be in as much trouble as Jamie is in.”

A few hours later, Brenda and Amy were waiting outside the classroom door for their first period. They still had not seen or heard anything about Jamie, and were a little worried about her. They were also getting a little nervous about the rules at this school.

“Can you believe that she was in trouble just for leaving the room for a mere second or two?” Amy whispered to Brenda.

“I know. I wonder what we are supposed to do if we really do have to go in the night to the bathroom,” Brenda whispered back. “I mean, I guess some girls might be strong enough to wait until morning, but surely they won’t get much sleep if they do.”

“I know,” Amy looked down. “And some girls like my sister would have definitely wet her pants if she was forced to wait any more than an hour.”

“Well, maybe Jamie could just explain. Maybe she’s not in that much trouble,” Brenda tried to be optimistic about it.

The young people were all finally invited into the previously locked classroom door by a stern looking man most likely in his fifties. Brenda and Amy sat by each other, as did other people that shared rooms, or so it seemed.

“Good morning,” Mr. Strictland had written his name on the blackboard at the front of the class along with the word Math just under it. “I will be your math professor this term. Homework will be handed in on time or not at all. If you have a good reason for not doing it, you better tell me as soon as you can by either dropping by my office or sending me a notice through the school messaging system.”

He had now started handing out workbooks. While he did so, he continued explaining his rules which did not seem to be very forgiving at all. The man was certainly going to be quite difficult to please.

Even though it was the first class, he had not only given them strict contracts to sign, which if they didn’t sign, they would not be allowed in his class, and then would be in violation of the school rules for not having a first period which could get them kicked out of school and even jailed overnight, but he also gave them homework to work on. The class lasted about eighty minutes.

As Brenda walked out of the class with Amy at her side, she felt a heavy cloud lift from the air. The man really seemed to make the students feel constricted though the room that they had the lesson in was quite large.

“That man is going to take no nonsense,” Amy giggled to Brenda as they walked towards the next class. They had about fifteen minutes to get there, so they weren’t too worried about being on time. Surely, they have plenty of time, though they did have to go to a different building on the campus.

It was as they approached the second class of the day, that they saw Jamie. They both ran up to talk to her almost immediately. Brenda was very curious about what had happened to her once she had been taken off, and why she had to miss the first period.

“Oh, my friends,” Jamie said sarcastically as they came up on her. “Why the fuck didn’t you open the door?”

“Amanda was awake,” Amy looked down and ashamed.

“She said we’d be in trouble if we let you in,” Brenda whispered. “Honestly, I wanted to let you in, but Amanda gave us a look and a lecture that was quite scary.”

Jamie put her hands on her hips. “I see.”

Jamie still wasn’t that happy about them leaving her out there to take all that heat. She walked into the class without trading any further words with her roommates. Indeed, she had practically run Amy over as she pushed past her into the classroom.

Amy and Brenda looked at each other. It must have been really bad since she was acting like that. Brenda looked from Amy sadly back towards Jamie who had on a red belt around her waist, but it didn’t seem to have any real purpose. She had on jeans that fit her nicely, and a purple top that was striped. If Brenda had those clothes on, she wouldn’t bother with a belt, especially a gaudy red one like the one she had on.

Jamie walked over to the chairs near the front of the class, and sat down in one of the six chairs that had a sign above them. The sign was not a welcome sight to Brenda or Amy, and they didn’t remember if the first class had had such a sign.

Reserved for students who are on notice: Only sit here if you are wearing the restricted red belt unless you want to be in trouble.

“She’s in more trouble than I thought she’d be in,” Brenda whispered to Amy.

Amy nodded.

“I wonder why she really left the room, then.”

“I don’t know,” Amy looked doubtful, but didn’t tell Brenda what it was, that she was feeling doubtful about. Her finger was touching her lips, and her eyes were looking from the sign to their roommate.

“No wonder she’s upset,” Brenda whispered.

That was when Ms. Carnz started their Science class.

At the end of the class, it was already 11:05: lunch time.

Jamie walked towards the doors without looking at anyone, but Brenda and Amy hurried to try to catch her to explain yet again. Jamie turned on her heel and looked right at them. She had shining eyes full of tears.

“I’m sorry,” was all Brenda could really say. She knew that trying to explain was hopeless in the present because Jamie was just being punished, and they really didn’t know why she had left the room.

“Can… can you tell us why you left the room?” Amy asked her quietly.

“I went to the bathroom,” Jamie’s left eye started to spill a tear.

“That’s what we thought,” Amy told her. “But Amanda said that since you didn’t tell anyone, that if we opened the door, the room would be in worse trouble.”

“She did?”

Brenda nodded.

“Alright, you are forgiven,” Jamie sighed. “I tried to tell the security that I was just going to the bathroom, but he just said that it was a likely story, and then put this stupid thing on me. I’m not allowed out of the classes for any reason today no matter what.”

“I see,” the other two girls whispered.

All too soon, lunch was over, and Jamie continued to sit at the restricted area throughout that day of classes. They had a class from 12:00 to 1:20, 1:35 to 2:55, and the last one from 3:20 to 4:40.

Brenda and Amy hadn’t even noticed that anything was wrong with Jamie over the last two breaks, but when they saw her just sitting in her chair after the last class had finished at 4:40, Brenda was sure that something was wrong.

Brenda walked over to the restricted section with Amy in tow, and then they saw it. There was no mistaken what Jamie had done. Her pants were soaked, there was a puddle on the floor, and her teary eyes were downcast at her pants, her face quite red.

Brenda didn’t know what to say about it to her, and neither did Amy. They sat on either side of her, and waited for her to say something. They would have to take her back to the dorms, obviously, but with her pants so obviously wet, they knew that it would be one well remembered walk of shame.

Finally, Jamie looked up and over at Brenda. “Why are you still here? Can’t you see what I did? You should be going out into the halls, and laughing with anyone else that saw it.”

“Laughing?” Amy whispered her eyes near tears herself.

“Yeah. I just wet my pants like a little girl, so you should be making fun of me, right?”

Brenda shook her head. “I don’t make fun of people for things like that. It’s not your fault, I’m sure.”

Jamie looked from Brenda to Amy and saw that Amy was also serious and a bit more teary than even herself.

“We are roommates,” Amy croaked. “If you have a problem, then we all have a problem. If I had anything with me that you could borrow to cover up your accident, I’d gladly give it to you until we got to the dorms.”

Jamie suddenly smiled. She stood up and gathered her things together, and the three of them started to walk back towards their dorms. Several students had glanced their way, but no one seemed to say anything. The older students, shuffled the younger students away from them, and those younger students who had no upper classmen with them, just walked away before saying anything to each other.

Finally, they had gotten to the Lion Hall, and walked down to the security office. Brenda knocked at the door, while Amy stood directly behind Jamie to keep her pants as much out of view of those passing as she could.

“Jamie,” the stern woman with a gray bun tied in her hair opened the door. “I was wondering what had kept you. Have you learned your lesson?”

Jamie nodded.

“No more night time strolls, okay?”

Jamie nodded.

The woman removed the belt and then had Jamie stand back, show here what she had done, even making her turn this way and that while she inspected.

“Looks like only one accident today?”

Jamie nodded not sure how she knew that.

“Well, make sure you follow the rules from now on. As I’ve already explained, everyone in your room has suffered a five point loss, and your punishment is now over. Please go get cleaned up before going to dinner.”

Brenda and Amy were standing in the room with her, and had soon caught on to what had happened. The woman had had to unlock the belt because it had a lock where the buckle was. They knew Amanda had told them that the room would lose points, so that had not surprised them. And the three girls walked from security to their room.

Amanda was already in the room. She seemed to be waiting for them. When Amanda saw Jamie’s pants, she nodded as if she already knew what had happened without asking.

“Get cleaned up, girls, and we’ll go to dinner after everyone has had a shower.”

*004*2012-06-15 11:58

I don't think this is the best way to write these, but I'm at a loss about how to change them, so I'll just post these two chapters...

Enjoy.

Chapter Three:

Who wet the bed?

The girls had headed off towards the dinner hall together, this time properly taking in the full expansion of the beautiful university. They strolled out of their room, through the Lion Halls, out the door and into the scenic outdoors.

The lion hall was upon a hill that seemed to overlook the rest of the university, except there were two other dorms that were even with it, but spread away from their hall, so that the rest of the campus looked like it was in a valley.

Amanda looked at Jamie as they approached the top of the stairs that went down into the valley. “Jamie? Don’t be too upset about what happened today. It’s normal that most students cannot last all day when you are on toilet ban.”

Jamie nodded.

Brenda loved the view, but she really didn’t care for the climb up to the dormitory earlier that evening, and now, they were descending to the dining hall which meant she’d have to climb the stairs again. She heard Amanda whisper to Brenda that it wasn’t a big deal, what had happened, and she blushed. She wanted to tell Amanda that it was HER fault that Jamie was caught out of bed, but she didn’t know what would happen if she did.

The came upon the three story dining hall, and because they had been so tired the night before, and in such a rush that morning, this would be the first time that Brenda would really get a look at the design and wonder of the place.

As they walked through one of the three double doors, they saw the service lines that were set up like a buffet in the middle of the hall. Overlooking this service line, as Brenda looked up, she could see a big empty void with rails on either side of it on the second and third floors. They were like balconies that overlooked the entrance and the serving lines.

The balcony like fence stretched around in a horseshoe shape with only one direction going completely to the far wall with no tables above the service center. The stairs that went up were at the end of this space one set of stairs going up to the left and one to the right.

Brenda saw that properly that the lights were soft and inviting, and the floor of the main serving area was wood, but the areas where the tables were, was carpeted in soft burgundy. Her feet seemed to sink an eighth of an inch into the beautiful soft floor, and somehow that had taken the pain out of her legs from walking all day.

As they walked through the second floor looking for a table, Amanda suddenly balanced her tray with one hand and waved with the other to some boys. There were two of them, one of them obviously older like herself, and the other a little younger.

“Amanda!” the yellow headed older boy called out to her. “Over here! We have room for all of you.”

The girls walked over, and Jason, the yellow head stood up and moved one seat over so that Amanda could sit on one side of him, Jamie sat between the two boys, Brenda sat on the other side of the other boy, and Amy sat between Amanda and Brenda. The table was round.

“This is Chad,” Jason told Amanda.

“Nice to meet you,” Chad held out his hand across the table to take her hand for a moment. “My name is Chad.”

“I’m Amanda, and these are my bunkmates this year.”

Chad looked at the three girls that were with her in turn and smiled.

The girls each took their turns to introduce themselves in their own way, Jamie very confident and bubbly, Brenda reserved but not too shy, and Amy with just a little wave and an almost inaudible voice so that Amanda had to speak for her.

Chad smiled at her introduction, and he kept looking at her as they ate though it was mostly Jamie that was chatting with him. Brenda had had a remark or two, but Amy just sat there quiet and obviously uncomfortable.

Finally, with dinner over with, the girls waved the boys off as they started to head a different direction outside the dining hall. Amanda had a little smile on her face as Jason kissed her hand in parting. She really liked his style. He was neither too bold nor very shy, and he seemed to like her confidence.

As they started to climb the stair, Jamie poked Amanda in the back. “So what hall are they in again?” she asked.

“They are in the Crane Hall,” Amanda replied simply.

“That boy, the one with black hair, he likes you,” Brenda whispered to Amy. “He kept looking at you, and he asked you questions even though you were quiet. I think he wants to get to know you.”

“I don’t think so,” Amy looked down. “Boys just don’t like me. Anyway, they wouldn’t like me once they get to know me and find out about things about me.”

“Why?” Jamie looked back at her surprised. “You are a very sweet person.”

Amy blushed. “Thank you,” but her words were very quiet.

Amanda giggled as she caught the last part of their conversation. “Amy, you really are a dear, but you need to show a little more confidence in yourself. Why don’t you think boys like you?”

“I just don’t,” Amy whispered her face flushed and her hands shaking. She wished that they would drop the point and find something more interesting to talk about.

The truth was, there was a difficult problem that she had been hiding from everyone that she hoped no one found out about too soon. Still, even without that problem, she thought her hair was matt black, her face was plain and too narrow, and her smell was too obvious especially after sleeping or exercising.

Eventually, as the girls appeared at the front steps of Lion Hall, they dropped trying to make her feel better about herself for something surprising that they had found on the bulletin near the front door.

Field Day is to be held in three weeks. Lion House practice will be held this Saturday down at the main gaming field. The three newer girls immediately looked towards Amanda for some kind of explanation.

The girls were all let into their room, and then Amanda started to explain.

“As you all know, there are seven halls in our school. Each hall is like a team and family. Whatever we all do, earns our hall points or takes points away from our hall. Every year, we have eight special events where the halls can earn points against each other. On Field Day, we will run track, and basically have a mini-Olympics games to determine our starting position with each other.”

“No one said anything about house points before now,” Jamie looked up at Amanda asking for more information.

“Well, house points are useful for various things. When a house has enough points, they gain extra privileges throughout the year. House points can also help our grades at the end of the year, and they can be used to take an absence from classes.”

“So, it is like in Harry Potter,” Brenda pointed out.

“Well, I suppose,” Amanda responded not really having read the book. “The thing is, you have to do your best when we have competitions and term tests so that our hall can get the most points. You also have to work hard for room points, and try not to break rules or irk the teachers because room points can affect our grades more directly, and the points might be used for against us getting to do something that otherwise the whole hall might have earned.”

“So… there are both house points and room points?” Jamie asked.

Amanda grew weary. “Yeah, we have to worry about just doing our best though, because either way, they both transfer to us having a better or a worse time at school.”

Jamie excused herself from the room and Amanda nodded at her in approval.

Brenda awoke sometime in the night to some strange sounds coming from Jamie’s direction. She wasn’t sure just what she was hearing as the sounds interrupted her dream and took moments to register, but after a bit of time, she finally made out that Jamie was squirming around, whimpering, and whispering to herself. She wondered what could be bothering the girl, but she was afraid to get out of bed to go find out. What if Amanda woke up and got angry at them?

Jamie shifted once more in her bed her face flush with heat and her hands working frantically into the cotton of her purple brief-style panties with pink polk-a-dot like flowers. She breathed heavily, and tears were burning her eyes. Her lips below felt as though they were holding back a fire, and the burning in her tubing was fierce. How much longer before they would get them up? She hoped it would be soon.

In another bed, the matt-black hair girl had a couple of strands of blue-black hair over her closed eyes, and she breathed evenly. Her body was warm and she felt as though she were in a warm bath which completely relaxed her body as she dreamed away.

Amanda had her mouth partly open, and the soft sounds that escaped her mouth were not so loud that they disturbed anyone, but they were quiet snores.

Brenda looked towards the window from her bed, and saw the sunlight starting to make the curtain look a bit pale. The morning was upon them, and any moment, Jamie would be able to get her relief without breaking the rules, if she could just hold on a little longer.

Brenda smiled at the thought of her roommate, normally so outspoken and confident, maybe standing in front of the three of them in dampened panties and a tear or two in her eyes, apologizing, and it made her feel something she had not felt before. She felt both very warm inside to think that Jamie might be cute that way, and also a little tingly downstairs, as though her privates needed some attention that she would normally want from a boy.

Brenda slipped her left hand down at her panties and rubbed at them for a moment or two.

Jamie was still squirming and bouncing in her bed, and the bed was starting to squeak a little which woke Amy. Amy looked over at Jamie’s bed, and she smiled faintly wondering what Jamie might be doing. There were only two things she could think of that she could be doing, and by the stiff way she held her body, she wasn’t sure if Jamie was in the middle of a climax, or if she was trying to keep her bladder from exploding.

Brenda nearly jumped when the bedroom door opened.

“Get up, ladies,” the elderly woman from the day before entered the room and surveyed the ladies. “It is time to get ready. Everyone out of bed… now!”

Amanda threw the blankets off of herself, and leaped out of the bed at once. Brenda, pulling her hand from her privates and cautiously checking that her undies didn’t show too much of what she was doing, as discretely as she could, she cautiously pulled the blankets away from herself. Jamie jumped from her bed, ran past the old lady in just her blue panties and a t-shirt out of the room, and Amy just stayed there for the moment, her eyes wide.

The old woman seemed satisfied and left to go to the next room, meanwhile, Amanda didn’t miss that it seemed that Amy was slow in getting up this morning. She knew that Amy was very modest and hated to show off her panties even when she got ready for bed, but something seemed a little strange about Amy’s look this morning.

Amanda crouched down beside her bed.

“Amy, are you okay?” Amanda softly whispered.

Amy nodded her head.

“Let’s get going then. We don’t have much time before class.”

Amy nodded and slowly pushed back the blankets. Brenda looked on as she pulled on her skirt over her panties. She could sense that something was making Amy nervous. Amy was putting out vibes of fear all around her.

Amanda saw Amy reveal her long purple sleeping shirt, the back of which was moist, from sleep? And then as she pulled her feet out from the blankets and sat up, both Amanda and Brenda saw, a very large lake around her butt and partly up the back of the girl’s sleeping shirt. She had wet the bed.

Amy looked down at her feet feeling quite the center of attention, and wishing she was in a small hole somewhere underground where no one could find her.

“Don’t worry about it,” Amanda smiled at her as she patted her shoulder. “If you have this problem as a normal thing, we can help you, but you have to tell us.”

Amy looked up at her a moment, a tear sliding down her thin face. Her hands balled into fists and then back into shaking fingers. Her legs trembled. She was gasping as if she had run somewhere, trying to keep the whine out of her voice.

Amanda patted her shoulder gently. “It really doesn’t matter, Amy. It’s okay, as long as you tell us that you have this kind of problem, we can fix it.”

Brenda stared at the sopping night shirt and the panties that were falling down the slender girl’s legs dripping with pee. She almost didn’t hear Amanda say anything to her, and Amanda had to repeat herself.

“Brenda,” Amanda cut through the thick uncomfortable air. “Take Amy to the bathroom for a bath while I clean up her mess. Then the both of you come back and get ready for school.”

Brenda put a caring arm around Amy’s shoulder, and they walked through the Lion Hall, some of the other students looking at the wet nightshirt that Amy wore. They turned the corner, and they saw Jamie sitting on the floor in a puddle of suspicious water, tears rolling down her face, and several boys and girls stepping around her trying to avoid her mess.

“You too?” Brenda asked Jamie with a caressing softness in her voice.

Jamie looked up, her face blotchy red from a mix of crying and humiliation. Her green eyes were reflecting the lights around them almost perfectly because they were so full of liquid innocence.

Brenda couldn’t help but smile upon her, her own privates once again tingling at the sight of her. She helped the now quiet Jamie from the floor, and directed them both to bath cubicles so that they could clean up. After she had them in their bath, she walked back to the dorm room with their wet things so she could also get Jamie some extra clothes. Amy already had some with her because Amanda had insisted that she take them with her.

Once the three girls had walked back to the room again, they found that Amanda had already straightened up the room. It had not been her turn to do it, but she had done it. The three of them were in shock.

“Well,” Amanda shrugged. “Jamie was gone a long time, and by the way she had run out, and then Brenda had returned for her clothes for her, I had guessed what had happened. Brenda was taking care of you two, so someone had to clean up the room before we left.”

The four girls smiled at each other, two of them a bit more embarrassed, but still feeling a little better that it was Amanda and Brenda that had seen them like that, and not someone else, well, for Amy anyway. Jamie had not been so lucky as several others witnessed her going on the floor and when Amy walked through the halls, she was scared others would really stare, but it seemed as though they had not paid as much attention to her as she thought they had.

“Let’s go to breakfast,” Amanda told the group, and the girls went out to start their day.

Chapter Four:

The first week had gone by, with Amy having only wet the bed once, and Jamie having only had the two incidents of wetting her pants that anyone knew of.

They saw a lot more of Jason and his friend Chad because Amanda kept inviting them around, and though Jamie kept trying to get Chad to talk to her, Brenda could clearly see who he really wanted to talk to, and she could see that Amy was just so shy.

“Listen,” that Friday evening she was whispering to Jamie. “You know that Chad actually likes Amy, don’t you?”

“Yeah,” Jamie frowned. “I don’t know why though. Amy doesn’t talk to him, and even though I know it’s because she’s shy, I’d think Chad might want someone more talkative.”

“It’s not working though, is it?” Brenda pressed.

“No,” Jamie admitted and then looked up at Brenda with suspicion. “What are you trying to say?”

“Let’s set them up so they have some private time. It might help Amy come out of the closet and share with him.”

“So, you want me to stop talking to him?”

“I didn’t say that, but be fair, Jamie. He doesn’t really want to talk to you, and Amy really has no confidence. This could be a real boost to her. Do you really want to take that away from her?”

Jamie shook her head. “Alright, but I’m only giving her a month. If they are not chatting it up in a month, I’m going to probably try again.”

Brenda nodded. That seemed fair to her.

Amanda had been out of the room at the time, most likely talking to Jason in private, and Amy was sitting on her bed playing solitaire. Chad had also already gone for the evening because technically, if a boy were caught in a girls’ room, he could be in a lot of trouble.

Amy looked over at them suspiciously as though she felt like they were talking about her which was true.

Jamie looked back at her and smiled. “Don’t look so worried. We aren’t saying things that are THAT bad about you.”

Amy giggle, and then Brenda did too. In the last week, the four girls had become almost like sisters, sometimes suspicious of each other, sometimes angry at each other, but normally very chatty and caring towards their roommates.

“That Field Day practice is supposed to be tomorrow,” Jamie suddenly reminded the other two girls. “Did you see the schedule?”

They nodded that they had. The opening remarks by their Hall Chief would start off at 8:00 down at the sports field, and they were due to finish at 12:30.

“Do you think it will be as important as Amanda said it would be?” Amy quietly whispered to the other girls.

“I don’t know, but I guess we should take it seriously if we don’t want to make her too upset,” Jamie shrugged. “Anyway, how bad can it be?”

“Well, I don’t run that well,” Amy looked down.

“There she goes again,” Brenda whispered to Jamie. “Honestly, I wonder if she thinks she can do anything at all.”

“Sounds like we need to get her motivated to prove to herself that she can do something right,” Jamie nodded. “Alright, I promise to set Chad up with her and have them meet alone, but even if he does show her that he likes her, do you think that will help her self-confidence all that much?”

“Yes, I do.”

Amy stared over at them. “You are doing it again. You are whispering about me, aren’t you?”

“Guilty as charged,” Jamie smiled at her. “You know, you worry too much Amy. You should just relax and try not to too much on what others think about you. You really are a nice person, and you have a lot of good qualities about you. Not everything your friends say in secret is bad about you.”

Amy nodded and turned around grabbing a notebook from under her pillow and some pencils. One thing that surely she didn’t doubt, was that she could draw. Brenda would have brought it up, but at the moment Jamie had her absorbed in how to get Amy and Chad together.

Jamie sighed as they finally agreed that getting Amy to stroll through the campus park after the morning practice the next day would be the easiest way to get her feeling like she was at ease, and in an easy enough place to ‘accidentally’ lose her near where Chad might be jogging.

Amanda came through the door no more than a few seconds after they had settled on the plan, only she threw a wrench in their works.

“Listen up, ladies. After the training tomorrow, I’ve decided that our room is going to not be the one that drags our hall down, so we are going to go jogging in the park after the session to build up your stamina and health. We need to win this, ladies.”

Brenda and Jamie looked at one another, rolled their eyes, and then politely back at Amanda.

Amy’s eyes went wide. “Amanda? I’m not a good runner.”

“Don’t you think I know that, already, Amy? That’s why we need the extra practice.”

“Couldn’t I just sit the running ones out?”

“I’m afraid not. All freshmen have to run. It’s in the tradition of field day to make sure that all new students participate in at least two running events and one activity event. You have no choice but to toughen up and endure it.”

Amy nodded and looked back down at her drawings.

Brenda looked up at the clock as did Jamie, and both of them walked off towards the toilets together. Amanda called Amy over so they could talk, so Brenda was sure she was going to talk to Amy about something she thought might be better said alone.

Jamie had made it a habit, every night about thirty minutes before bed, to visit the bathroom so she wouldn’t be caught out of bounds or possibly be in as much agony and trouble as she was the first couple of days.

Finally, the four girls were stripped to sleeping shirts, some short and barely covering their stomachs and at least one very long to her knees that covered Amy. Amy was always so modest about the way she dressed, that Brenda wondered if she even knew how to be sexy if she wanted to.

Sometime before the door to the room opened, Brenda’s eyes had popped open again. She listened around the room, but no one seemed to be stirring. She had her hand near the privates of her panties, just within squeezing touch of her mound, but she was a little nervous to do anything. What if someone actually woke up? What if the old lady came in at that time? No, she would have to let it tingle and itch for now, hoping that she might find some relief that night as they lay in bed without any chance that anyone would disturb her.

Suddenly, she heard some rustling in one of the other beds, a soft moan, and then a gasp! She looked over at the bed where the gasp came from, and found Jamie sitting up with a look of horror upon her face!

“What’s wrong?” Brenda asked her, though her burning privates sending thoughts of desire to her brain with explicit pictures told her that she knew already.

“Nothing,” Jamie whispered. Jamie didn’t really see any point in lying about what had happened, but then, why tell anyone before she had to? It was going to be embarrassing enough once she had to stand up in front of everyone in soaked panties.

Brenda’s overactive brain started to imagine the squirt after squirt slipping into the blond’s panties and darkening them. This made her juices run a bit more smoothly causing her own panties to start to moisten and to burn even more with desire. Her hand crept towards the folds of her panties tucked into her mound. She might get away with a small touch through her panties, she hoped.

Another girl woke up, and seeing Jamie sitting in her bed, the blankets pulled around the blond to cover her private area, Amy smiled. She didn’t know about Jamie’s displeasure, but only it seemed that maybe Jamie was learning to be a little more modest as she gathered the blankets around her to cover her panties.

Amanda was last to wake up, and still the door was closed and no one had yet come. She looked over at Jamie, and something about the way Jamie looked told Amanda immediately what had happened.

“Jamie, it doesn’t matter. Don’t linger trying to hide what happened. Just get cleaned up as soon as they open the door so that you don’t have to go to the field like that, okay?”

Jamie glared at her both for knowing and for possibly giving her away to the other two girls. At least Amanda could have said it more discreetly! She sat there waiting for the others to gawk her unfortunate wet panties, but instead, after they had been called to wake up and the old person had left letting them get up, she found that Brenda was still doing something under her blankets and Amy slide her blankets off of herself to reveal that she was also quite soaked.

Amanda stared at both of them. Then she looked to Brenda, and the look in her eyes told Brenda that she was wondering if Brenda was moving so slow because she had done the same thing, which prompted her to stop rubbing her now very moist underwear and to step out of bed.

Brenda saw Amanda do a once over, walking completely around Brenda to see if she was wet, but seeing nothing strange she turned her attention to the other two and her taught mouth relaxed. She whispered.

“Girls, I can see right now that Amy, you have bedwetting problems, and Jamie, you have a weak bladder. If I’m wrong, tell me now.”

Neither girl spoke up.

“There really is only one solution that will help spare your feelings in the mornings, girls. You are both going to have to wear a diaper at night. I will teach Brenda how to put it on you, and she and I will make sure you are in a dry one before we sleep, and then in the mornings, you girls remove your diaper, put on some panties, and then go take a bath.”

Jamie’s mouth hung open. She had not worn diapers since she could remember, but Amy seemed to be neither happy nor unhappy at the declaration, but more just resigned to it. She looked at her toes while Amanda went to her dresser to fish her out some clean panties and some clothes to take to the bathroom with her.

“Brenda, help me out and get Jamie some clothes for today.”

“I can…,” started Jamie.

“You are wet,” Amanda turned and looked Jamie in the eye. “Do you want to get your other clothes wet?”

Jamie, looking at the floor, shook her head no her face burning hot.

“Then just stand there like I tell you to while Brenda gets you some clothes.”

Jamie nodded, a tear rolling down her left cheek.

When the two finally walked off together down the hall, Brenda turned to Amanda. She had fire in her eyes.

“Did you have to embarrass them like that?”

“Like what?” Amanda seemed quite innocent in what she had done.

“You scolded Jamie when she wanted to get her own clothes, told us that you knew she had wet, and then told them both in front of me, that they had to wear diapers. I don’t know, but it seemed like you were trying to embarrass them to me.”

“Everything I decided to do was to help them. I know firsthand what it’s like to be in their shoes, and I know that this is the best way to help them.”

“Yeah right,” Brenda retorted. “When was the last time you peed your pants?”

“Honestly?” Amanda looked up at her, her face turning a little pink.

“Yeah, honestly! How can you know what they are going through?”

“I peed my pants just last week in front of my parents on our drive here.”

Brenda’s mouth dropped.

“I have a weak bladder too, so I understand what Jamie is going through.”

“So, do you really… er… have a diaper on?” Brenda asked her.

Amanda looked down a moment, sighed in a way that told Brenda that she was building up the courage, and then she lifted her night shirt exposing a wet diaper.

“If we have to diaper the girls instead of letting them do it themselves,” Brenda started….

“Alright,” Amanda agreed before Brenda could finish the statement.

“Alright?” Brenda asked unsure of what Amanda had agreed to.

“You can put a diaper on me from now on, and even in front of the others, if you have to.”

Brenda’s mouth was now hanging somewhere near the pit of her stomach. She had not expected Amanda to agree to something like that, and that was not what she was trying to get at. She was actually going to see if she could get Amanda to let them dress themselves in one, and she just show them how.

“Look,” Amanda told Brenda seeing the shock on her face. “If we don’t get these on right, they are both uncomfortable and they can leak. If someone helps us put them on right, however, they will help us from being embarrassed and as long as they are dry, they are comfortable.”

Brenda dropped the topic. She didn’t want to discuss with Amanda about something that like this in the first place, and she was feeling quite like she was about to cause some hurt feelings or something bad to happen.

The field day, it turned out, meant that the students would be outside all day on a Saturday on the day of the event, and their parents would be watching. This was found out as the person leading the activities explained to the Lion Hall.

“We will have eight kinds of relay races, some activities alike spear throwing and discus throwing as well as pole vaulting and other things. Now the first thing we need to do, is to get you freshmen into shape, so all the freshmen will run with me while the upper classmen discuss what they want to participate in.”

Brenda, Amy, and Jamie all walked away from Amanda towards the main track where the leader, obviously one of seniors set a pace, and told everyone that they had to jog behind him. If even one person passed him, he would start over, or so he said. No one seemed to dare to test it.

The three girls found the gait to be quite easy at first, and they just jogged along together. The whole group of freshmen ran as one large mass around the track, Brenda and the others with her laughing and talking small talk.

“Alright, you freshmen,” the senior suddenly interrupted one of Jamie’s jokes. “As you are all feeling quite energetic so that you can talk, we will pick up the speed. If I pass anyone on my way around the track, that person will be tapped on the shoulder, and he or she will have to see me after the jogging. Also, no one is allowed to pass me, even if you can. It is time to see just how much endurance you all have.”

The guy started to speed up, and nervously, all the other started to speed up to keep pace with him. Amanda had already decided on her events as she saw them picking up speed and she smiled to herself. Now, those freshmen were about to get a workout like they’ve never had.

Amanda watched as the mass of boys and girls circled the track, the senior pulling ahead of the others very slowly and the line of stragglers becoming further and further spread out over the next thirty minutes. Many of the students were now panting, and the three girls who were together, now left Jamie somewhere near the back, Brenda somewhere near the middle, and surprisingly, Amy was hot on the senior’s heels.

Forty minutes into the race, Jamie had been tapped on the shoulder as the senior passed her, and she reluctantly fell to the side with the other six who had been tagged before her. There were four boys and two other girls that had been touched. The girls were actually kicking the boys’ butts and this brought a smile to her face.

An hour into the race, the boy was hot on Brenda’s heels, but she ran harder trying to postpone the moment when he would touch her shoulder. She was giving it her all, and making a race of it, trying to outlast him until he called it off. There was no way to know how long she had already been running, but she didn’t want to give in.

Amanda cheered as Brenda passed her. She could see the determination on the girl’s face. By now, half of the freshmen were standing around on the sidelines watching while the senior seemed to try to out run them all, slowly gaining on Brenda at the present time, but in his rear vision, just to the side, he could see the slender mat-black hair girl digging into his heels trying to keep up.

Amy was breathing heavily now, as was the senior, and she was starting to hold her side. Two more boys dropped first behind Brenda and then were tapped out by the senior boy. His face reddened as he realized that this girl was going to be harder than he thought. He now, felt challenged and started to give it more, but as he kicked the ground harder, Brenda felt him approaching, and she dodged his touch and pulled away from him just a few feet or so. She would not lose. She would not! She panted, ran, and clutched her side trying to outlast the boy.

An hour and fifteen minutes had gone by. What was more, the slender Amy was approaching the boy. He could feel her within his vision, and he felt Brenda starting to pull away as Amy closed in. Just as he started to slow ready to give up, Brenda stumbled and this gave him the advantage he had needed, but when he saw the cause of it, as she was still holding her ankle from the stumble as she hopped on, the swerved and decided not to touch her. Once ahead of her, however, he stopped running.

Brenda looked down. She had lost her own little race, but the boy was clutching his side, and he noticed that Brenda had finally given up running after he had passed her, for when he turned around, she had just sat on the ground.

Even more annoyingly, Amy had passed him the moment he slowed down as did three other freshmen, all boys. He looked at the group of five with a smile.

“You five,” he said once he got his breath. “You have first choice of any event you want out of the freshmen. Once you have chosen, I’ll meet the other freshmen by room numbers as there is no way I can remember who I touched first or even who was near the last. But you five, you can come and see me right now and have priority.”

Brenda looked down. “I lost.”

“You stumbled,” the boy smiled at her. “It could have happened to anyone, and that’s why I didn’t touch you. I don’t know if you would have outlasted me or not if you hadn’t. I was satisfied passing you, but you were not touched, so you didn’t lose.”

Amy smiled at Brenda looked up, her eyes sparkling from the hard run, the heat of the sun, and the sudden warm feeling that came over her as she realized that he had decided that it was a draw.

Once Brenda and Jamie had chosen their events, the boy walked back towards the dorm, still holding his side. Brenda and Amy were also holding theirs. They had all run a good race!

Upon entering the room, Amanda greeted them with sodas and cake.

“This is for making our room look good,” she smiled. Jamie was also smiling. “If you two put that much effort in your events, our room might actually look the best in Lion Hall,” Amanda continued.

“I… I wet,” Amy whispered as the others finally noticed that she was hanging her head.

“So?” Amanda came and wrapped an arm around her. “You had to go while you were running, didn’t you?”

Amy nodded.

“Believe me, no one even noticed, and didn’t it feel good to win despite having an accident?” she asked.

Amy smiled.

“See, you are our anchor for these events,” Amanda continued to dote on her. “If we have you on our team, we can’t possibly be doomed to lose. Just don’t hurt yourself.”

“Is Brenda okay?” Brenda heard Jamie ask. “You twisted your ankle while trying to stay ahead of him, didn’t you?”

Brenda nodded.

“Alright girls, as a treat, because you made our room look so good, I’m going to cancel homework study group this afternoon, but that will mean we have to make it up tomorrow. You girls can do anything you want until dinner time.”

Amanda then walked out of the room looking quite happy.

*007*2012-07-08 01:56

Chapter Five

Finally, Brenda had set up a perfect time for Amy to get to see Chad. She had gotten Amanda to agree to having everyone go by the gym at the time she had overheard that Chad finishes. While the girls were supposed to practice shooting hoops, Chad came out of the showers, and ran right into Amy. Amy blushed.

"Oh, this is perfect," Brenda smiled trying to act like it was an accidental meeting. "Amanda, can Amy please please please talk with Chad?"

Chad blushed as did Amy.

"Sure. I just thought we could come here as you wanted to do something to bond, but if Amy wants to talk to her boyfriend, it's fine with me."

"He's not my boyfriend," she blushed. "He... He... I like him is all."

"Well, we aren't seeing each other yet," he corrected her. "But I would like to talk with her, if it's okay."

Amanda smiled. She knew about things like this, probably much better than Amy did. "Go talk to the boy."

Jamie looked at Chad and Amy walking off, her eyes a little envious, but she had promised to give Amy a month. She so wanted to talk to Chad, and the only thing that kept her from speaking up, was that she had to live with these girls for at least the next year. She didn't want any trouble with them.

Chad reached for Amy's hand.

As they held hands, they walked down towards the park.

"How is school going for you?" he asked.

"I hate the rules," Amy admitted. "But the classes are okay and my roommates are very kind."

"I have the view," Chad smiled. "Jason has been especially good with advice and stuff when I have questions."

"I... I'm actually a little nervous of Amanda," Amy whispered. "I don't know for sure, but I think she likes to boss us around."

"Really?"

"Yeah."

"Well, I guess a lot of the older boys do that to me too, but not Jason. Jason usually tells other older boys to lay off of his buddies."

"I'm glad you have an easier time."

"So, are you an only child?"

"No, I have a younger sister and a younger brother. How about you?"

"I'm an only child. So, do your parents get on you a lot because you are the oldest?"

"Sometimes," she smiled weakly.

"I wish I had a lot of money so I could take you somewhere really fancy."

"Please, if you did that, I..." she trailed off.

"What?" he asked. "Don't you like me even a little."

Amy gulped. "Ye... yeah, I really do like you, but I don't do well in fancy places."

"Really? Why?"

"Um... nothing," she whispered.

Confused, Jason just smiled at her. Maybe she was just that shy. "Well, I think you're cute," he whispered to her. "It's so hard to find a girl that actually acts like a lady."

"Really?" she asked a little bewildered by his comment.

"Yeah."

