The Contest - two girls compete to hold their urine, resulting in unexpected intimacy! (Not F/F)

Author: Peaches

*000*2012-02-13 14:52

Author's note: So I just came up with this little idea, it's a very quick little fic and the first I've written of this type. I hope people enjoy it! It does get a little adult towards the end, though there isn't anything particularly sexual, just exposure. Please let me know if you have any suggestions/critcisms/requests! I'm probably going to add additional parts later as the girls further explore this new game :)

Also, if you're going to distribute this (I would be very happy if anyone though it was good enough to distribute xD) please let me know! Either through comments or PM :)

Dana groaned as she bent almost double, gripping herself tightly between the legs with both hands. Another throb from her bladder almost defeated her and she crouched down, clutching herself even tighter as she pressed her heel against her hands. The nineteen-year-old almost forgot why she was doing this and thought about just letting go – until her friend’s giggle brought her back to reality.

“I am so going to win this!” Rebecca crowed. She gazed down at Dana with a twinkle in her blue eyes. The eighteen-year-old’s words were undermined somewhat by the fact that she was also holding herself through her skirt and dancing from foot to foot, however.

Dana gritted her teeth, bouncing up and down slightly and wriggling against the seam of her jeans. “Not if I can help it you’re not.”

“You can’t help it. Look at you! You can’t even stand!” Rebecca tossed her head, her long blonde hair swinging over her shoulder.

“You drank the two litres faster than me though. Your bladder is probably filling faster than mine!”

The two girls had laughingly declared a contest – they would each drink two litres within fifteen minutes. Then, they would hold on to their pee for as long as possible. The one who gave up and went to the toilet - or lost control and wet herself - first would then have to post a status on Facebook declaring that she had wet herself. Before the start of the contest, it had seemed like a funny idea – now both of them were at war with their bladders, each horrified at the thought of announcing to all her friends and family that she had wet herself like a child.

Dana whimpered slightly and, with a Herculean effort, managed to stand again without leaking. She hopped around in a circle, pressing her fingers against herself as hard as she could, until it hurt. Her dark, wavy hair had fallen over her face, but she didn’t dare to move her hands to brush it back.

Although Rebecca was taunting Dana about her more exaggerated movements, her own body was crying out its need to go to the bathroom. She was sure the second she moved her hands from where they were clamped over her urethra that she would lose control. She was hoping desperately that Dana would succumb first and therefore have to post the status, but she was certain that, eventually, she was going to wet herself anyway.

“Ooooh, god...” Dana groaned. She leaned against the wall of the bathroom the two were in, to ‘make cleaning up easier after’ as Rebecca had said. Her legs were quivering with the effort of holding back her flood of urine, and she was biting her lower lip so hard she was sure it would leave a bruise. She couldn’t take much longer – unless Rebecca lost within the next couple of minutes, she was going to pee herself. A small spurt of urine escaped, eliciting a squeal. Dana clamped down harder and wrapped her right leg around her left.

“What was that?” Rebecca laughed.

“I just...leaked a little.” Dana’s cheeks flamed red, and she slowly slid down the tree until she was squatting on her heel again.

Rebecca’s bladder panged sharply at the thought, and before she could stop it, a small gush of liquid seeped through her panties and skirt and moistened her fingers.

“Oh my gosh, did I win?” Dana gasped. Rebecca’s face grew hot as she realised her friend could see the growing damp spot in her crotch from where she was squatting.

“No, you did not. I just leaked. Same as you.”

Dana groaned and shuddered as another spasm sent a spurt of pee out. Although her jeans were thicker than Rebecca’s skirt, there was now a large dark patch in her crotch too – gripping herself so hard forced the urine through the fabric.

Rebecca saw the glistening patch starting to appear between her friend’s legs and nearly lost all control at the sight. She didn’t think she could bear another minute of this contest – but she also didn’t think she could bear the comment from her ultra-conservative family if she had to post the status, either! An idea started to flit through her mind. What if they tied?

“Dana?”

“What?”

“If...if we both went at the same time...” Rebecca’s voice trailed off. She was sure her stronger-willed friend would laugh at her and then simply go on to win the contest.

“What? ...Oh...then...I guess we draw. Neither of us would have to post that stupid status.” Dana looked up at Rebecca.

The two girls were silent for a minute as they considered it.

“Let’s do it,” Dana decided finally. “But...let’s have one last shot to win. We both have to get onto the toilet, and go at the same time.”

Rebecca quailed slightly – she had no idea if she would make it. Then she realised, while she was in a skirt, Dana was in jeans – much more difficult to get out of to pee! She agreed quickly before her friend could realise Rebecca’s advantage.

Rebecca slowly removed one hand from her crotch, writhing against the other to prevent herself losing at the last minute. Dana followed her example, also forcing herself to stand again. Rebecca started wriggling out of her skirt, tugging it down over her round bottom with one hand. Dana managed to undo her jean’s button and zipper relatively quickly, but then had to pull them down – without losing control the second her hand was removed from her crotch.

It seemed to take forever for the two girls to extricate themselves from their clothing and each lost several spurts as their bladders throbbed and pushed. At last, however, they stood in only their shirts, the jeans, skirts and two pairs of damp panties puddled on the floor.

“Okay, let’s do this!” Dana shuffled over to the toilet, her hand still pressed between her legs.

Rebecca followed her over, and the two girls looked at each other as they tried to work out how to get both of them on the toilet at the same time.

“Remember,” Rebecca cautioned. “If you let go before we’re both ready, you lose!”

“I know.” Dana grimly turned around and lowered herself to the toilet, her legs still crossed. Sitting on the toilet magnified the desire to let go immensely. Seeing her friend writhing in front of her, panting with the need for release, was the only thing that kept her holding on.

Rebecca moved as close to the toilet as she could with Dana’s crossed legs still in the way. “Um...so...I think if you spread your legs, I could slide on in front of you.”

“If I spread my legs, I’m gonna let go,” Dana groaned.

“You can do it! I’ll have to as well, to get onto the toilet.” Rebecca slowly began to shuffle her feet apart, pressing a finger on either side of her clitoris and squeezing, to close the entrance to the urethra hidden under the hood. Dana blushed furiously as her friend’s delicate lips were revealed below her patch of light, silky hair. She saw what her friend was doing to prevent herself from peeing and tried it herself. She pressed down as hard as she could on her sensitive nub to close the tiny hole underneath, but as she spread her legs, a long spurt of urine shot out before she could stop it, rushing into the water.

“Oh...” Dana gasped. “I – it’s not all of it –”

“It’s okay,” Rebecca reassured her. She barely cared about the contest anymore – all she wanted to do was relieve the ache in her abdomen. Dana bit her lip and nodded, gripping the toilet bowl between her thighs.

“Hurry up, Becca, I’m about to lose it!” Dana gasped.

Rebecca carefully lowered herself onto the toilet facing Dana, an unstoppable slow leak of urine trickling between her fingers and into the water. She shuffled forward until she was pressed against her friend and gripped Dana’s shoulder with her free hand. She glanced down between them – her light-furred mound was almost up against Dana’s darker one, though their hands between their legs prevented contact.

“Ready,” Dana gasped through gritted teeth. She couldn’t wait any longer.

“Counting down from three,” Rebecca managed, the slow stream of warm liquid escaping between her fingers getting larger. “Three...two...one...”

“Go!” Both girls cried together, simultaneously pulling their hands out from between themselves. Their newly unimpeded streams gushed out, mingling before hitting the water with a dull roar from the force. Both girls let out whimpers of delight, gripping each other and pressing their hips together with the shared pleasure of release. Urine splashed and ran down both of their thighs, though they didn’t know whose was whose anymore.

Finally, their streams slowed to a trickle and tapered off, leaving both girls sweating and panting with the exhilaration of release. They stayed where they were for a few minutes, leaning on each other for support, until they had dripped mostly dry and sat back to gaze at each other, wide-eyed.

Wordlessly, they clambered off the toilet, Rebecca pulling Dana up. They wiped themselves off with toilet paper, retrieved dry panties and skirts from Rebecca’s room and got dressed before they felt safe to talk without breaking the intimacy of the moment.

“That was...” Rebecca started.

“...incredible,” Dana finished.

“Do you think...we could possibly...?”

“Do it again?” Dana nodded firmly. “Yes. I’ve never felt anything quite like it.”

The friends shivered in delight with their new secret pleasure and sat down on Rebecca’s bed together to plan their next contest. Neither quite new to what extent this game was going to go – but they were looking forward to finding out!

