Highschool kink

Author: GabbyR

*000*2017-05-27 05:18

This story is a work of fiction, none of it is real. Yes, it might get a bit graphic, but that's what you came for, right?

It was a blazing hot summer day, the sun was scorching down on the city with no remorse. Just one, long, awful month left of school filled with drama, tests, and studying. All of which Liam hated. So this year, he wanted to make the last month more pleasurable.

It was no secret that Liam was gay, but there were some deeper dirtier kinkier secrets that nobody would find out about. He was a very horny 15 year old, with a mind racing with thoughts and fantasies. His biggest kink was peeing and desperation. He didn't know why, but it turned him on so much. Liam thought it was rather embarrassing that he of all people was into this kind of stuff.

He would often bring himself to the brink of peeing everywhere right inside school. He would chug water bottles the night before and only use the bathroom at the end of school. Liam would enter the stall and pull down his pants and underwear so he could see his dick waving over toilet bowl. The pee was just barely holding on at the tip of his dick, little droplets rolling out of the slit and down the head of his aching penis. His bladder was expanded twice the size, round and swollen, obviously sticking out and filled way past the breaking point. He could feel his body tingling, the pressure from the build up urine ready to explode across the floor and spray over the walls like a hose. His body could no longer hold on, urine would come gushing down his urethra and pour out through his dick, splattering everywhere as he lost control of his body completely. The feeling was so arousing he would moan loudly, thrusting his hips towards the toilet bowl.

The whole experience would always end up with a massive throbbing boner that he had to take care of right there. He couldn't possibly wait until he got home, he was so horny he couldn't stop his hands from stroking his dick. It was still wet with urine which turned on Liam even more. His fingers gently rubbed over his head, poking at the entrance to his urethra making his whole body quiver with pleasure. It only takes mere seconds for Liam to cum, he was very sensitive. He moaned, rocking his hips and pointing his dick towards the toilet. He could feel it building up in his stomach, his eyes rolled back and he gave himself one more hard stroke before the cum spurted out into the toilet bowl and splattered onto the seat. It felt incredible, all that pleasure made Liam want to do it all the time.

Today was different. He was out in the blazing heat of summer for gym class, and he had drank twice as much water than usual. Of course, Liam was barely holding on. He needed to pee so bad that he could barely run with out a spurt leaking into his underwear and gym shorts. His hands reached down and grabbed his dick, making things fell a bit better. But then he realized how hard he actually was. Liam had never been this desperate to the point where he was slowly wetting himself, and he had to admit it was extreamly arousing and gave him an erection.

As the class walked back to the changing rooms, Liam trailed behind. Every step he took left his bladder weak and let out a tiny bit of pee. It was agonizing trying not to piss himself at school, but at the same time so erotic. His underwear was beginning to become soaked, there was an obvious pee spot right where his boner was but the warmness and dampness of fresh urine felt amazing rubbing against his dick.

He got to the change room practically dribbling onto the floor. There was nobody inside, he couldn't possibly wait any longer and he tore off his pee soaked shorts and bolted into the corner with urine splurting slowly out of his dick. He tried to cut off the stream, obviously he didn't want to piss all over the floor. Liam's eyes landed on someone's basketball shorts and without hesitation he held it up to his dick.

His pee shot out right into the shorts, absorbing every bit of it. Liam had wrapped the shorts around the entire length of his dick as he let loose. The hot stream of pee exiting his dick felt so good he started moaning, making tiny little whimpers as he felt his bladder shrink down to normal size. Pee was gushing everywhere now, dripping off the shorts and onto the floor. Liam didn't care anymore, it felt so incredible. He tossed off the shorts and pressed his dick up against the wall. The feeling of metal against skin made everything more pleasurable. Liam was in pure bliss, wetting all over the change rooms and releasing that pent up liquid. This had been the best one yet, and he still had a rock hard boner to deal with.

Stay tuned for more of Liam's discoveries.

