Summer with Snape - Page 5

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*102*2011-12-31 07:52

This is the shortest chapter ever, barely reaching 3 pages, but I just wrote it in the spare time I had tonight. I wanted to apologize I didnt realize until I read over last chapter, that it had some angst, I'll make sure to put a warning up next time..I found myself crying along with Harry lol. I'm unhappy with this chapter, but here it is. I know it seemes like it has no purpose but its setting what happening next Chapter..

Chapter 19

The next morning Harry woke up sick to his stomach, blaming it on nerves he headed to the toilet to get dress. Avoiding Ron was his main goal for today and if he told Hermione her too as well. He couldn’t wrap his head around some of the things his teacher said to him last night. He convinced himself that Snape only comforted him because he didn’t want to deal with Ron, since he had already proved Harry’s worth to him yesterday. As much as his Professor hurt him, he didn’t want to leave the Manor.

As Ron headed downstairs for breakfast Harry called Tigger, who was more than happy to clean up for him. As he was looking in the drawer for socks, he was startled to find something else there with them. Why were there nappies in his drawer? He felt his eyes immediately fill with tears, well this pretty much cemented the fact that the man thought he was a baby. He swiped angrily at his eyes before shoving the dresser close, and walking downstairs. He forced himself to swallow his breakfast, but it tasted like sawdust and made his throat dry. He never noticed the concerned looks Snape’s was giving him, and if he was being honest he could care less.

“Today we will be heading to Dickens World.”

“What is that Professor?” Ron asked.

Before Snape could reply Hermione spoke up like Harry knew she would.

“It’s a educational theme park,” she stated patiently.

Harry saw Ron nod that he understood but Harry doubted he even knew what a theme park was. Oh well, Ron was on his own he wasn’t about to draw any type of attention to himself. After getting apparated back to their hotel Harry decided he didn’t like that mode of wizard transportation and found himself missing the car. But not for long when Snape announced it was about 1 hour drive to the park. Harry was inching himself towards the backseat not wanting to be alone with Snape in the front.

“Mr. Potter, get into the front please,” Severus stated.

“No thank you sir, I’ve already had my turn. Ron, Hermione, do you guys want a chance?”

“No mate, I’m good in the back,” Ron replied fearfully.

“The front makes me carsick Harry,” Hermione replied looking grim at just the thought of sitting in the front.

“Oh then never mind then.”

Angling his body so that he would have absolutely no reason to look at the man Harry got ready for the longest ride ever. Thankfully there was no traffic on the road and they arrived at the destination relatively quick. Getting out of the car they all headed towards the entrance, with Harry lagging behind. Once they were actually inside the park Harry found his spirits being lifted, he contemplated that he could mad at Snape later but for now he wanted to have fun.

“Dad, what are we going to do first?” Harry asked eyes trying to take in everything at once.

“What do you want to do?”

Hermione and Ron were floored, what did Harry just call Snape, and why?

“Harry mate, are you feeling ok?” Ron asked eyes wide, and trying not to choke.

“Yes, I’m fine Ron, what did you guys want to check out first?”

“Why did you call Snape dad? He’s not your father Harry, what the heck is going on?”

“He’s my pretend dad in front of the muggles; it’s just an easier explanation.” Harry whispered.

“I don’t like it,” Ron stated.

Harry shrugged but didn’t reply he didn’t really expect Ron to get it, he barely did. Chancing a glance at Hermione he saw that she had a thoughtful expression on her face but she stayed silent. Grabbing Snape’s hand (since he was pretending he might as well live it up, especially since the man hated him) he proceeded to have a blast.

Severus was confused, one second the boy was fine, and then the next he was mad at you or crying his eyes out. He thought that mood swings were usually reserved for hormonal girls, not just barely 13 year old boys. Shaking his head, he tightened his hold on the child’s hand and headed to the rides. The day turned out to be pretty good, despite how it all started, by the end of the day he had ended up carrying Harry to the car. The boy had fallen asleep waiting for his last treat, of a funnel cake.

Granger and Weasley weren’t far behind and the minute they got into the car they both dropped out. Apparating 3 sleeping children was something he hoped to never do again. Laying each of them in their bed, he headed to his own room for some much needed sleep. Trying to keep up with three 13 year olds all day was tiring, and he wasn’t as young as he used to be. He scoffed at himself, since when was 34 years old considered old, especially in wizard years. Shaking his head he quickly got dressed for bed, before joining his charges into slumber land.

*104*2012-01-01 10:15

{{:

Your story never fails to amaze me. :). As I've said before, I love this story! It's something I've been looking for forever, but haven't been able to find. The plot is perfect and every twist you put into the story fits. I hope you will do more stories too after this one, as I would love to hear more from you. Keep up the good work! :)

}}

Thank you so much, and I'm really glad you like it, I will dont worry, I love writing and the fact that I get to write it with omo is great

{{:

Awesome!!!!! i loved the comfort parts of the story because it would have been kind of akward if ron and hermione were watching the scenes

}}

I know, its Harry and Snape's special moment just for them..

{{:

Aww poor Harry! That was adorable though, again your writing is absolutely wonderful! Hope to see an update soon ^_^

}}

Thank you so much, I'm glad you liked it

{{:

Loved this! I teared up a bit, poor Harry! Update soon (: (: <3

}}

So did I, I didnt realize it could be classified as angst..but I really needed a turning point for the story lol

*106*2012-01-01 10:46

Happy New Years guys, I figure I'd update today or tonight...it doesnt matter..anyways this one is really long to make up for the crappy Chapter 19 and I do hope you guys like it. Hope you like it...and if not..I dont want to know lol I know my Harry tends to act a bit immature..ehh just chalk it up to bad parenting at the Durselys and finally being at a place where he can express himself. In a sense trying to enjoy the part of the childhood he never could...anyways on the story

Chapter 20

The next day Harry woke up wet like usual but before Ron. Quickly getting his stuff and summoning Tigger, he was awake and dressed before his friend had even woken up. Today was the day that his friends were going back home, and a part of him was glad. The other part was afraid of what Snape might do to him. He shook his head at his stupidity; Snape promised he would never hurt him even before his friends came. Throughout breakfast Harry remained silent and wouldn’t look up from his plate. He was so quiet that he sent Ron into a panic thinking that Harry was afraid of them leaving him alone with Snape.

Ron flooed to his house and immediately told him mum that Harry wasn’t safe at Snape Manor.

“Mum, Harry told me that he was scared of what Snape might do. Plus he said he would rather spend the rest of the summer with me. Mum please, can’t you tell Dumbledore or something?”

“It’s Headmaster Dumbledore, Ronald and I am sure that Harry is perfectly safe.” She insisted.

Molly was of course skeptical, she knew that Albus would never allow Harry to come to harm. And besides Severus was an order member for one, and two he would never hurt a child. She along with Poppy was among the few who knew what kind of childhood Severus had. Nonetheless her youngest son wouldn’t stop pestering her until she floo called Albus.

The minute his friends were gone, Harry made his way to his room. After all it was better to be out of site, at the Durselys. He was stopped midway up the stairs by his teacher who had intercepted him.

“Harry I need you to come downstairs, we need to talk.”

Sitting on the chair furthest away from the man, lest he decide Harry needed a smacking. He waited patiently for the man to start talking.

“Harry, first of all I want to apologize to you. I never meant to make you feel like I didn’t care for you. I wasn’t ashamed of you either, it’s a complicated situation but you need to know that none of it is about how I feel about you.”

“Then why did we have to pretend to hate each other still, why did you act like you liked it?”

Severus was appalled, what was the boy talking about? He never showed any emotion when he treated Harry like he used to.

“What are you talking about child?”

“You knew that I hated being alone in Public loo’s and I almost wet before you actually took me. I thought you wanted to embarrass me for thinking that you actually cared for me.”

Severus stared at the child, what a mess he had created. He knew he should have sat down and talked to the child, the minute they knew his friends were coming. He was not an expressive man; he didn’t do hugs or touching but the boy across from him need assurance in the worst way. Sometimes you just have to do it for the kids, he sighed before reaching his arms out for the boy.

Harry eyed his Professor’s outstretched arms suspiciously, but he slowly found himself walking towards them. A minute before he got to them he stopped a second before launching himself at the man and sobbing into his shirt. Through his whole blubbering ordeal he was happy to note that the arms remained tightly around him keeping him safe. How could he have ever thought that Snape would hurt him?

“I’m sorry Professor; I just didn’t know what to think. Especially when I found that you had bought me nappies. Do you really think I’m a baby sir?” Harry asked eyes shining with unshed tears as he awaited the answer.

“No you foolish child, those are not nappies. I know they may feel like they are but they are nighttime underwear so you won’t have to worry about waking up wet. I meant to talk to you about them but I never could find the time, and then your friends showed up.”

“Oh ok, I thought you were keeping your word when you said I should be in nappies,” Harry stated with a grimace.

“That was the day where I was frustrated that you kept waiting until the very last minute to tell me of your need.”

“Well that was mean,” Harry replied affronted.

“It worked didn’t it child?” Severus said smirking.

“Still it was…”Harry was cut off as the floo flared green and Severus was shoving him behind the sofa telling him to stay quiet.

Harry’s heart was thumping widely and he was terrified of who that might be coming through the fire. He was wishing he was back in his room, as he was trying to silence his harsh breathing he waited for them to start speaking. The minute he heard who the speaker was, he about wet himself with relief.

“Good afternoon Severus, how are you doing my boy?”

“I’m fine Albus, this is an unexpected visit.” Severus replied hand over his still thumping heart.

“I know, I just wanted to see how my two boys are doing. Speaking of my boys, where is Harry?”

“Here sir,” Harry answered breathlessly coming from behind the sofa.”

“Harry my boy, what were you doing behind the couch?”

“We weren’t sure who was coming to see us, so Professor Snape told me to stay quiet.”

“Right he was my boy, right he was.”

“Why are you here Headmaster?” Harry asked confused.

“Just checking in on you both, wanted to see how your summer is coming along.”

“Oh it’s going great sir; Professor Snape is really taking me to fun places.” Harry answered smiling.

“Severus, do you mind if I speak to young Harry here, alone?”

“No not at all Albus, I’ll just go get started on lunch while he shows you his room.”

Harry walked up the stairs to his room, wondering what the Headmaster wanted with him. He hoped he wasn’t here to tell him that he had to leave, because he didn’t. Sitting on his bed he waited for the man to start talking.

“Harry are you happy here with Professor Snape?”

“Yes sir I am, he can be really nice when he wants too.”

“I’m sure he can my boy, what did he do for your birthday?”

“We went to the Aquarium only I couldn’t enjoy it though,” Harry replied sadly.

“Why not Harry?”

“Because Professor Snape said that we had to pretend to still hate each other for Ron and Hermione. I didn’t understand why, so I thought he was ashamed of me.”

“Did he explain to you why?”

“He said it was a complicated situation, but that it didn’t change how he feels about me.”

“Which is what Harry?”

“He likes me, and sometimes I think…he might even love me,” Harry whispered the last part.

“What makes you say that Harry?” Albus asked eyes twinkling brightly.

“He keeps calling me his child, and not just when we’re pretending for the muggles.”

“That’s good Harry, I’m glad to hear that.”

“Is that all you wanted to talk to me about?”

“No my boy there is one more thing, Mr. Weasley seems to think that you are afraid of Professor Snape.”

“Why would I be afraid of Snape?”

“He told his mother how afraid you were when Professor went into the loo with you at the Aquarium.”

“Oh, I wasn’t afraid of the Professor going in with me, I was afraid that he was going to make me go alone. Earlier this summer a creepy guy almost got me when I went to the loo by myself, but my Professor saved me.” Harry said shuddering in remembrance of his attack.

Albus was a bit alarmed at that, I mean who wouldn’t but he knew he would be speaking with Severus in depth on the situation later.

“So I take it that you do not want to spend the remainder of the summer with the Weasleys?”

“No sir, I’d rather stay here.” Harry answered.

“Are you sure my boy?” Albus asked.

“Yes, I don’t want to go with the Weasleys. I am fine right where I am.”

“See I don’t understand this Harry, earlier this summer you told me that you’d rather be at the Weasleys then with Professor Snape, what changed?”

“I don’t know, he just stopped being so mean to me I guess,” Harry answered.

“Hmm…and you’re sure that Professor Snape has never hurt you?” Albus asked, he knew that Severus never would but he wanted to know what changed Harry’s attitude towards his teacher.

“What is it with people thinking he hurt me? He doesn’t hurt me and I don’t want to stay with Ron I want to stay with MY Professor. You can’t make me leave; everyone always tries to take me away from him. He promised, he said he was stuck with me and I’m with him, you can’t,” Harry said through tearful sobs.

“Harry my boy, I didn’t mean to make you think that I would take…”but Albus was cut off from the shock of the child’s word

“Daddy please help me,” he cried running out of the room and away from the Headmaster.

Severus who was eavesdropping, thankful that his Manor allowed no one to set wards but himself was once again floored when he heard the child call for him. Did the boy even realize during his emotional outbursts what he was saying? None of that mattered anymore, his child was calling for him, and he reached to open the door only to have it open by itself. All he saw was a blur of black hair run at him and jump and he instinctively caught him and held Harry tight.

“Don’t let him get me please, dad I’m sorry.” Harry pleaded in Snape’s shoulder.

“He’s not going to get you Harry, so stop apologizing my child,” Severus soothed forgetting all about Albus for the moment.

“He’s trying to take me away, he wants me to go to the Weasleys, but you promised.” Harry answered gulping on a sob.

“And I keep my promises child, do I not?”

“But he’s the Headmaster,” Harry said unconvinced through his tears.

“Yes but we are not at school are we?”

“No but he still has the power right?" Harry asked not wanting to hope as if it would be taken away from him if he did.

“He will not be taking you, not unless I say that he can.”

“But you won’t right?” Harry asked as his heart stilled for a moment.

“No you foolish child, you are mine,” Severus stated replying honestly and feeling the child relax at his words.

“Good,” Harry murmured softly in his ear.

Severus cotinued patting the boy’s back before finally glancing up and remembering that they weren’t alone. He can’t help the grimace at the how bright Albus’s twinkling eyes are, and he knew then that Albus had no intention of removing Harry. The boy had once again jumped to conclusions, although given his past history with Adults who could blame him? He notes that the boy is no longer sobbing into his shoulder, just sniffling. Thinking the boy wants to be put down, he starts lowering the child to the ground only to stop when he hears him start whimpering. Gesturing to Albus that he would be back he headed to his bedroom. He sets the child on the bed before handing him a handkerchief for his face and nose.

“Harry, I want you to lie down for a bit while I talk with the Headmaster. I promise you that I will not allow him to come in here when you are sleep ok?”

“But I’m not tired,” Harry weakly protested.

“Then you don’t have to sleep, I just want you to lie down quietly ok?”

“Yes sir,” Harry answered before obediently lying down on the bed.

Severus stayed for about 5 minutes until the ‘not tired’ child drifted off to sleep. Shaking his head, he set a ward around the room to alert him when Harry woke up before heading back to talk to Albus. Walking into Harry’s room Severus could see that in his absence the twinkle remained just a bright as ever.

“Albus what is the true meaning of your visit? Were you really planning on taking Har…Potter away from me...err my Manor?”

Albus hid his grin behind his hand; he had no intention of removing the child. He knew then that Harry was on the right track when he told him that Severus might just love him.

“I got a floo call from Molly today; she wanted me to know that Ronald was upset about leaving Harry here alone with you.”

“And she believed that I would willingly hurt a child?” He couldn’t help the stab of hurt and betrayal that hit his heart; he thought he could count on Molly.

“Whatever you are thinking it’s wrong Severus, she didn’t believe him but he wouldn’t leave it alone until she flooed me. She actually told me to tell you that Ron would be sending you an apology letter, and she would floo you tomorrow night.”

“Oh,” he replied he was grateful that the hurt banished just as quick as it came.

He hated making himself vulnerable especially in front of people. Those types of emotions were for the weak and could lead to death if you weren’t careful. Yes it was better if he remained closed off, but he knew in his heart that it wasn’t possible, at least not with Harry in the picture. Harry who was so like his mother, who forgave anyone even those who never thought it, would be possible. The child was so pure; he wouldn’t be the one to hurt him again. He would never hurt his Harry, his child.

“Severus, why did Harry call you daddy?” Albus asked trying to bring the younger man back to earth.

“I don’t know, sometimes he forgets and accidently calls me it. When we are in the muggle world we use the disguise of father and son since it’s easier. I guess he just forgets that he’s not in the role.”

“If you say so Severus,” Albus replied smirking.

Severus was shocked; he never wanted to see that particular expression on Albus’s face it made him look like he knew something that Severus didn’t.

“Albus, Har…Potter was abused at the Durselys. I had a chance to see the outcome of their work.

“What did you say?” Albus asked, friendly nature gone in a blink of an eye.

“They starved, neglected and beat him. They even made it where he was afraid to ask for anything, and I’m specifically referring to the loo.”

“What do you mean?”

“He’s afraid of asking for something that is natural in every way because he was afraid he would get denied. The first day he had an accident in the car because he was afraid of letting me know of his need. I have come to know of his little signals so I can get him to a loo on time. And I’m not even talking about the fact that his uncle stepped on and damaged his kidneys. Or the welt marks on his back; he has an assortment of bruises. As of right now he wets the bed, another thing I found out on my own because he would afraid I would make fun of him for doing it. I promised him he would not be returning to them come the end of the next year, are you going to make a liar out of me Albus?” Severus asked glaring at the man across from him.

“I never believed that Petunia would allow something like this to happen. But no Severus he will not be going back I promise you that myself. I’ll be back over here this week with the guardianship papers,” Albus stated absently already thinking about what he was going to do to the Durselys. How dare they harm and innocent child like Harry?

“Guardianship papers, Albus what the hell are you talking about?”

“Surely you can figure it out Severus, and don’t even try telling me that you don’t want this. We both know you want this just as much as that little boy asleep in your bedroom.”

“Hmmm…meddling old man,” Severus murmured softly to himself.

“One more thing Severus, Harry mention that a man attacked him earlier this summer. What happened there?”

“It was during our 1st week I believe and we stopped a diner for food, and Harry needed the loo. He told me that he didn’t need me to go with him, so I didn’t. That was until I and the rest of the diner heard this scream emerge from the toilet Harry was in. I walked in on the man in the process of taking down his pants, while Harry was locked in the stall with that pervert.”

Since it was such a serious discussion, Albus decided not to comment on the fact that Severus was calling Harry by his given name.

“I assumed the muggle has been dealt with?”

“By his muggle police, I couldn’t do anything because Harry needed me.”

Albus’s twinkling eyes was back full force once again as he took in Severus’s words.

“Well I best be off, I need to have a little chat with Ronald Weasley about jumping to conclusions. Where is Harry, Severus?”

“He’s asleep; he’s had an emotional morning on top of this outburst that he was due for a nap.”

“Oh well you take care of him, and do tell him that I was never going to take him away from you.”

“I will Albus, maybe one day this week you can come along with us one day on our trip?”

“I’d like that; I hope I have a free day. Good day Severus.”

“Goodbye Albus,” Severus said walking with him towards the sitting room and fireplace.

Going to Harry’s room Severus repacks his suitcase and toy bag before going into his room to do the same thing. The boy was still sleep as he expected him to be, he shrinks their bags before picking up the child. Once he has a firm grip, he walks outside and apparates to a forest near where he parked the car. Quickly getting the car, he drives to the hotel, and is able to get their same room as before. Turning the telly on quietly he proceeds to write out some lesson plans and he dresses the boy in one of the nighttime underwear before tucking him into his bed. About 2 hours later and finished with his work and wanting to take a relaxing shower heads to the loo.

*108*2012-01-01 23:08

{{:

Aw! Finally Snape is going to get guardianship! Fantastic! Just one thing, the color of your font in this chap was like next to impossible to read ): is there anyway you can make it dark again like it was before? Thanks (: great chapter!!!! <3

}}

I only paste and it does the rest,,some chapters it seems to mess up on its own..but yea I'll try to keep it darker like the majority of the story

*110*2012-01-03 03:52

{{:

I was in tears last chapter...this one is still pretty sad as well..make them happy again...please? lol

Oh Happy new Year

}}

I will I promise lol

{{:

Omg, this chapter was so cute I DIED. My ghost will continue to haunt your fanfic though :D

}}

Lol thanks, it was extremely sweet......

*112*2012-01-03 04:10

This chapter was spilt up as you could tell, the omo is in the next part. Enjoy

Chapter 21

Harry awoke with a gasp, and after glancing around saw that they were back in their hotel room. Snape was right; he didn’t allow the Headmaster to take him away. Before he could think anymore on the subject the source that woke him up made itself known again as his bladder jolted. Walking swiftly towards the loo he heard that the shower was on, what was he supposed to do now? Already grabbing himself, he quietly knocked on the door, and just as he expected the man didn’t hear a thing. He was dancing and he knew he couldn’t hold it for much longer, so he tried the door handle and it was unlocked. Hoping the man wouldn’t mind he opened the door, walked in and shut it behind him.

“Professor, can I just use the toilet really quickly?” Harry asked already undoing his pants.

“Yea just let me get out of your way Harry,” Severus replied already reaching for his towel.

“No it’s fine, I need to go really bad like now sir,” Harry answered softly.

Not waiting for the man to reply Harry walked the few feet over to the toilet before pulling down his pants. Ignoring the fact that he was wearing a pull up, he pulled it down and so he could relieve himself. In a weird way Harry liked the fact that he was in here with Snape, it was the kind of things people usually do with their siblings or parents. Washing his hands he headed back out to the room to play with his video game.

Severus himself was uncomfortable, during that little ordeal. It was just a testament on how comfortable Harry was in his presence. Using the toilet is a private affair for one and for the boy to use it with him in there meant something, what he didn’t know.

While he was playing his game Harry was worrying whether or not he offended the man. Before he could work himself up, the door to the loo open and his Professor walked out of it.

“Did you want to check out the Hotel’s entertainment for kids since it’s too late to go anywhere else?”

“Yes sir I would,” Harry answered grinning.

“Then get your shoes on and we’ll go.”

Harry was in awe at what he saw, he didn’t even protest when Snape dropped him off, and left him alone. Sitting on the carpet with the other kids, he learned they were going to be watching a movie. He smiled; so far as his time as a muggle he had seen more movies then he ever did at the Durselys, he even made a few friends. When the show was over he found himself smiling again as he lined up with everyone else to wait for their parents to pick them up. Going back to the hotel room Harry quickly showered before going to bed.

Harry got up the next morning later then what he normally would, and for a moment he was confused. That was until he realized that his bed was totally dry he almost smiled until he remembered he was wearing a pull up. Oh well, at least he didn’t have to worry about wet sheets today. Heading to the loo for another shower, he got dressed and turned on the telly as he waited for Snape to come back with breakfast. As soon as the man walked in the door, Harry bombarded him with questions.

“What are we going to do today? Do you know why the Headmaster was trying to take me away from you yesterday? Are we going to another theme park?”

“Slow down child, I can only answer one question at a time. I was thinking we could head over to a park, it has a mixture of everything, but it’s not a theme park. Albus was responding to a complaint he got from Mr. Weasley. Apparently he had got it into his head that you were very unhappy here with me.”

Harry sat looking slack jawed at his Professor, Ron was the one who nearly ruined his summer? How could he do that? Wasn’t Ron supposed to be his best mate? Shaking his head, wishing that he could see his mate soon, he would tell him a thing or too.

“Tonight we will be Apparating back to the Manor and then to the Burrow.”

“What for, are we still going to have our trip?” Harry asked already thinking of the ways he was going to get back at Ron.

“Of course you Harry, we’re just taking a little break to set a few things straight with your friend.”

They spent the day at Clissold Park in London, where Harry was able to convince Snape to play a muggle game called basketball. He had a blast with the man who turned out to be quite good at it. He loved looking at all the wildlife too, but way to soon it was time to go back to the Manor. Hugging Snape they apparated to the Manor before taking the floo to the Burrow, which Harry insisted on flooing together with Snape.

“Why do you want to floo with me Harry? You are old enough to go by yourself; you just turned 13 did you not?” Severus asked confused.

“Yes I did, but last time I flooed alone, I ended up in a place called Knockturn Alley.” Harry said looking through his fringe.

At that admission Harry noted that Snape didn’t say anything else, he just held him tightly as they flooed to the Burrow. When they landed Harry only managed to stay upright because Snape had a firm grip on him, nonetheless he was grateful for it. After Hugging Mrs. Weasley and assuring her that Snape was feeding him well he headed upstairs to see Ron. Forgoing his manners Harry walked right into his friend’s room, before giving him a glare worthy of Snape.

“Blimey Harry you scared me, I thought you were mum coming in to scold me some more.” Ron replied with a grimace.

“Why did you tell your mum that I wanted to spend the rest of the summer with you?” Harry asked arms folded in anger.

“Because I figured you didn’t really want to stay with that git, I mean its way funnier here at my house.”

“I like staying with Snape, Ron he’s actually pretty nice to me.”

“Harry, have you gone bonkers? This is Snape we are talking about, he hates all Gryffindors especially you. He doesn’t want you there, so why don’t you just tell the Headmaster that and you can stay here with your best mate.”

“He does to want me, he told me so. And I don’t care if you are my best mate; I’m staying with Snape for the rest of the summer.” Harry replied defiantly.

“You would choose that greasy git over me? What the heck did he do you Harry? Did he brainwash you or something? Believe me when I say, Snape would rather you die then stay with him because he’s just a…” but Ron never got to finish his sentence because Harry had reached the end of his self control.

Harry didn’t know what came over him, he was just trying to get Ron to see his point of view but he never realized how judgmental his friend really was. How dare he say that Snape didn’t want him there? He knew the man a lot more then Ron and Snape had just told him that Harry was there for the rest of the summer. Although a part of him hoped it could be longer but he wasn’t trying to push his luck, otherwise the man might come to his senses. At the moment he was on top of Ron’s stomach and giving him a thorough pounding, he noticed how similar this reminded him of the way Dudley treated him.

The only difference between him and Dudley was that Ron really did deserve this. Just when he thought he had the upper hand, Ron who had a ton of older brothers to learn from flipped him and just like that, they were rolling around on the floor and knocking things down. He could feel hands trying to break them apart but he wasn’t letting Ron go until he decided. Ron called himself his mate, but he almost ruined his life, at least his summer anyways, Harry thought.

Severus was just explaining to Molly and Arthur what he and Harry were going to be doing tomorrow when Percy Weasley ran into the kitchen looking flustered.

“Professor you have to come quick, the boys are fighting, and it’s not even a play fight either.” He said not even addressing his parents.

Quickly headed up the stairs Severus located the source of the scuffle in Ronald’s room. Just as Percy had said the two little idiots were actually trying to bash what little brains of each other that they had left into the ground. Severus moved the twins who were struggling to keep them apart before taking his hands and pulling them both at arm’s length.

“Enough of this, right NOW!” Severus all but roared the last bit, and he saw them finally still.

“What is the meaning of this Mr. Potter?” He said unconsciously using his last name as he always did when the child was in trouble.

“Nothing sir, we were just playing is all,” Harry replied lying and eyes firmly on the ground.

“If that is the case Mr. Potter, then why does Mr. Weasley have a black eye, and why is your lip split?”

“I guess we hit to hard?” Harry asked unconvincingly

“Try again Mr. Potter, what happened?” Severus’s tone was hard and there was a steely glint in his eyes that promise repercussions if you lied to him.

This time Harry had the good graces to say nothing, after all he had technically started the fight, but Ron had started everything else. It was his fault he was almost taken away from his da…um his Professor.

“I’m waiting Mr. Potter, are you going to answer my question or not?”

“I hit him ok; it was his fault that Dumbledore tried to take me away from you. And when I tried to talk to him and tell him that it was all a misunderstanding he said that you would never want me. He said that you would rather me die, then have to stay with you. But that’s not true because you said you wanted me to be with you right?”

By the time Harry got done explaining what happened he was in tears, granted he knew that he shouldn’t have hit Ron but he was more upset at the fact that Ron said that Snape would rather have him dead. He grimly noted that Ron’s mum was looking at Ron with the same expression Snape had on his face, the only difference was Snape wasn’t holding a wooden spoon.

“Ronald Weasely is there something you have to say to both the Professor and Harry?” Molly asked in such a calm voice that the rest of her children and Arthur could only stare at her in horror.

“I’m sorry for saying those things about you Professor, and I’m sorry too Harry.” Ron asked face as red as his hair in embarrassment.

Harry knew the tone of voice that Ron spoke in well, he was only saying the apology because he was forced to, at the time he didn’t even mean it.

“Mr. Potter isn’t there something you need to say to Mr. Weasely?” Severus asked eyes trying to glare a hole into Harry’s scalp.

“No sir, saying the apology it wouldn’t make a bit of difference, because I wouldn’t mean a word of it.” Harry replied honestly. “Besides the apology he gave me you could clearly tell he was only saying it because his mum made him.” Harry answered not having courage to look at the man’s face as he took in his words. He was speaking the truth, wouldn’t it be worse to just lie.

“Molly, I’m really sorry about this, but we really must be going.” Severus replied firmly latching on to Harry’s shoulder with his right hand.

“Oh it’s quite understandable Severus; it’s just as well that I’ll talk to you later. It seems I have some business to take care of with my youngest son.”

“Quite right you are Molly, we’ll see ourselves out.” Severus stated before walking out the door and towards the fireplace.

*115*2012-01-03 08:10

Thanks, The attitude is gonna get him in trouble with Severus

Thanks for reading...next update...tomorow...or well today tecnhically

{{:

Nice chapter! I can't wait to see what happens!

}}

{{:

Whoa! Harry got attitude! Great chapter!

}}

*117*2012-01-03 20:19

{{:

Uh oh! And what will Ron think of Harry and Snape from this point on? Are they still best friends? Harry doesn't need to lose all his friends, even if is gaining a "dad"

}}

Of course they'll still be best friends, Ron always comes around thats just the type of friend he is. I would never not make them friends, Their part of the Gryffindor Trio.

As for what he'll think, I'm pretty sure he'll realize that if you dont agree with someone agree to disagree. He'll come around..

*119*2012-01-03 20:31

This is the other half of the previous chapter, with the omo in it. It's a bit shorter but its still pretty good, if I must stay. I usually write angst and although I'm trying to stray from it, it still comes up ever now and then. So this chapter can be a little sad, but not so much like that one that had you sniffling lol.

Chapter 22

The minute they landed in the Manor Harry tried to make a beeline for the stairs but Snape’s firm grip didn’t loosen at all during the trip.

“Just where do you think you are going Mr. Potter, get back here this minute. We are going to have a talk about your appalling behavior there at the Weasleys. I understand that you had a disagreement but you know better than to use your fists instead of words. You will not be a bully, and I will not allow you to punch people just because they made you mad. Accio Bruise Salve.”

Harry waited silently, he hated that he had disappointed the man and maybe even embarrassed him. What kind of father would be proud of his son for picking a fight? He knew if his mum was alive she would be so angry with him, not to mention his other dad.

“I am very, very disappointed with you Mr. Potter, I expected better out of you.” Severus said as he rubbed the healing paste on Harry’s knuckles and lip.

“But Dad he was the reason Dumbledore tried to take me away from you.” Harry said sniffling piteously.

“It’s Headmaster Dumbledore, Harry and that doesn’t excuse your actions. Like I said before you are 13 years old and you know better than to act like that. Now if you know what’s good for you, you’ll stand yourself in the corner and stay there until I come get you.” Severus replied trying to control his anger, lest he do something he might regret.

“You can’t tell me what to do; besides that’s for babies.” Harry replied face the picture of misery.

“ When you start acting like you are 13 years old, I'll start treating you like one. I am your father Harry James, and you will stay there until I come get you.”

Harry watched Snape storm away from the sitting room, he had no idea where the man was going though. He couldn’t help the happiness that blossomed in his chest once again when Snape declared himself Harry’s father. He didn’t know how long the man was going to make him stand here, but he was going to take his punishment without complaint. Besides this was a lot less painful then if he had been caught fighting at the Durselys. 1 hour later Harry was feeling pretty bad at some of the things he said to Snape, and for punching Ron. Shifting his weight from one foot to the other he hopes he’s going to get let out soon, he hadn’t had a chance to visit the loo since after lunch at the park. It was nearly dinner time and it was normal that he had to use the toilet by now.

Severus couldn’t believe that Harry would start a fight, and at someone else’s house too. Those were the kinds of things that usually made it where you were never again brought back over to their house. Thankfully Molly wasn’t one of those mothers, and hopefully all will be forgiven in a few hours when the boys had a time to cool down. That was precisely why Severus put him in the corner; it would allow him to see exactly what he should have done, instead of doing what he did. Going to lab to cool himself off, it wouldn’t do to take out any anger on Harry. He resumed working on a potion he had put on a stasis charm, oblivious to everything but finishing his potion.

3 hours later Harry is still in the corner, and he gripping himself as tight as he can to keep holding it all in. He was crouching and dancing and turning every way that he can to keep his pants dry. His stomach is hurting and he notices that it’s even starting to bulge out a little and that is scaring him a little bit. He crying silently over and over for Snape to come for him but he never does. He shudders once and then twice and his bladder ignores his plea to stay where it is and it contracts and releases itself all over the floor of the sitting room. It’s pouring out of him and he finally sobs in a mixture of relief and pain, all the while wondering, was he going to be in trouble for this?

Severus was in the process of bottling his potion up in various vials, when he had a stray thought of what Harry might be doing. The empty vial dropped from his hand and shattered on the floor as he grasped exactly what the boy was most likely doing. He had left the child standing in the corner for…4 hours after taking a glance at his watch. As he headed to the sitting room, he was hoping that the boy had moved, but knowing already in his heart that Harry lived to please, he knew that the boy wouldn’t have moved. He was proved right when he walked into the room and saw him still standing in the corner. His shoulders were shaking and Severus got a funny feeling in his stomach.

“Harry child are you ok?” He asked softly.

Harry was humiliated, Snape had came back for him but just like a baby he couldn’t hold it and he probably ruined the man’s rug that he was standing on. Not knowing what else to do, he shrugged his shoulders keeping his back to the man.

“I apologize for making you stay so long in the corner Harry that was never my intention for the punishment. You can move now Harry, I’m sure you’re dying for the loo.”

Harry’s shoulder’s shook even harder as stronger sobs threatened to overtake him.

By then Severus had moved closer to the child and grabbed him gently by the shoulders and pivoted him around. He could only glare frostily at the wall for his stupid mistake. He was wrong the child wasn’t dying for the loo; he had already wet himself because Severus had forgotten him. The child’s face and nose was red and wet, and Harry just looked so sad it broke Severus’s heart. He hated to put himself in the category with Vernon Dursely but he knew that the man had probably punished Harry this way.

Harry was staring at the man in fear and he interpreted the man’s anger at being mad at him for not being able to hold it, and messing up his rug.

“I’m really sorry sir, I’ll clean it up I promise. I tried to hold it, I held it until it hurt, and then it just came out of me. I couldn’t control it; I’m really, really sorry Professor.”

“Never do that again Harry, I would rather you wet yourself, than hurt yourself by holding it in longer. You don’t want to do anything permanent to your body do you?” Severus answered scolding him lightly.

“No sir,” Harry answered looking at his shoes in mortification.

“Harry child, this isn’t your fault, this was all mine. I got so caught up in a potion, that I had forgotten I even put you in the corner.”

“Its fine sir, it was punishment, I did something bad so I deserved this.”

“No child, you did not deserve this at all. Come on lets go get you cleaned up.”

Ignoring the mess on the floor, Severus picked up the light child who still did not look his age at 13 before running the bath and setting the boy in the tub before going to get his nightclothes. He didn’t know what this accident meant for the boy’s low self esteem, he only hoped that this didn’t do anything to mess with the damage already done to his kidneys.

*122*2012-01-04 04:21

{{:

Poor Harry! That's so horrible, but I love that Snape called himself Harry's dad (':

}}

I know that I keep torturing him but at least Snape is there to help him through it

{{:

This is a really cute story! It's taken me a while to catch up, but I'm loving it so far! And kudos to you for being so consistent with your updates. I know, as a fellow fanfiction writer, just how difficult it is to maintain frequent updates over a long period of time, so I'm pretty impressed at how well you've been managing it.

Harry is rather OOC and usually I'd have a problem with that, but I think in your respect that it's pretty essential to your storyline for him to be that way. People are reading this story for its omorashi aspect, after all, and there'd be far fewer wetting accidents if you stuck rigidly to the canon Harry!

I love the kind and caring Snape though, it's always nice to see that side of him. I'm not surprised he forgot about Harry in the last chapter, however- he isn't used to having to care for anyone other than himself, after all!

Anyway, I hope you continue updating so regularly, and I'll do my best to keep up with reading and praising! ^-^ I'll look forward to the next instalment!

}}

Thanks, and tell me about it, i've got 3 other stories at the moment on other fanfic sites and I dont update daily for them.

I try to keep them as in character as this fic allows, because of the omo... it easier for Snape's character's but Harry's sometime I have trouble making him seem more mature. I never understood how he never seem to be troubled by everything that happene in his childhood..ehh maybe its just me

And thanks for reading and the great review..if you have any ideas you want to see just let me know.

*124*2012-01-05 00:46

{{:

I think it was well placed, actually. I could understand being in Snape's shoes at this point and just wanting to escape the situation before hurting the child that had been hurt so many times before. I think the situation fits well, and that the story shows that they are still learning to live with each other. Perhaps, when they have learned to truly understand one another, the story will be finished, and I'm not sure if that would be a happy or sad event since the story would die, but Harry would have another that cared about him.

}}

Yea I can see it, when you get so caught up in something you tend to forget other things. Maybe...this will be the longest fanfic I've written though...

