Bus stop wetting - how it happened

Author: DespMely

*000*2015-03-30 20:04

(this is a backstory I wrote for TVGuy´s great CG image here: https://omorashi.org/topic/24858-cg-image-wetting-at-the-bus-stop/?hl=%2Bcg#entry999434)

“How did it come to this?”

Claire´s lower lip quivered slightly as she stared off into the distance, trying to wish herself away as she felt the contents of her bladder soak through her panties and jeans.

She´d left home just a little over an hour earlier to meet up with friends in town for some food, taking the bus as she always did.

Despite it being a warm, nice day, Claire had as always dressed rather conservatively – jeans, shirt and pullover made it quite hot, but she preferred it that way. She didn´t believe in showing off, and so she compensated with a large bottle of water to cool down that she went through quickly on the crowded, stuffy bus she was stuck on for the better part of an hour.

There´d been quite a bit of traffic, and about halfway through the ride she started to feel her bladder fill rapidly from all the water starting to make its way through her system on top of the large cup of coffee she´d had right before leaving home.

Crossing one leg over the other, Claire sighed and looked out the window, mentally cursing herself for her slip. She normally knew exactly how much she drank and made frequent trips to the restroom to avoid situations like this. But, she reasoned, she only had another fifteen minutes left and there was a public toilet right at the main bus station where she´d get off.

So she wasn´t worried and emptied the bottle of water just as they stopped right on a bridge.

“What now?” she´d thought, looking forward to be greeted by a long row of stopped cars and a construction site.

Already starting to get nervous, she´d gotten really concerned when the driver had announced that traffic wouldn´t resume for al least half an hour. Over the course of that thirty minutes, Claire´s concern had slowly turned into fear as her bladder sent more and more urgent messages. She´d started to fidget – subtly at first, switching legs periodically, but soon it had become frantic, her bum sliding from side to side as she squeezed her tights together, twisting her legs this way and that to find a position that helped her hold on.

When the bus finally started moving again, Claire was in a panic, unable to hold still for any amount of time.

“I have to get off, I´ll be able to find a bathroom near any stop.” She reached the decision easily, convincing herself that relief was imminent. When the bus stopped, she´d almost lost it when she tried to get up, barely managing to move off the vehicle with her legs clamped together.

Looking around desperately, she´d immediately felt the panic return – the stop was in a suburban area with nothing but cars and residential homes. Claire had tried to walk off to find a place for relief, but had quickly found that she couldn´t walk – it wasall she could do to stand at the bus stop, legs crossed tight, and rubbing them together to keep her bladder under control and her pants dry.

“I´ll take the next bus to the main station where I don´t have to walk to get to a bathroom” the girl had thought desperately, unable to fathom her impending accident as she felt the first small dribble escape. Gasping, she´d bent forward and locked her knees, barely stopping herself from putting a hand between her legs as she held on with eyes closed.

“Are you alright?” she´d hear another girl ask and immediately composed herself, despite the big leak that caused into her slightly wet panties. She turned to see the girl stare of her with a curious look on her face. Trying to keep still took every bit of concentration Claire had left, but even so, she felt herself loose control as she tried to respond.

And then – it happened. As Claire lost control, something in her head turned off and she straightened up, uncrossed her legs and put her shoulder against the glass wall. The urine flooding her underwear and pants rapidly was warm, and the relief almost made her moan as she relinquished all control, staring off into the distance.

The feeling of bliss and relief lasted for a few moments only, before Claire´s mind snapped on again, asking:

“How did it come to this?”

