The epic of Kagome, and her urinated panties

Author: Mech Demon V42 2012

*000*2011-05-28 11:20

DISCONTINUED

In this omorashi fanfic (my first) fun and interesting things happen to Kagome XD

Oh yea and its supposed to be a epic ongoing story... sort of, just with lots of panties getting urinated by Kagome XD

The girl woke up, she had just had, what was in her opinion, a really weird dream, she had dreamed that she was attacked by a caffeine demon with tentacles, that shot out coke at her, which for whatever reason, dissolved her clothes. She had to admit though, when looking back at her dream, It was quite amusing and she couldn't help but giggle.

Anyways, it was now time for her to get out of bed and get dressed, she was glad that all she slept in was panties so she could get dressed very quickly, she took off the old panties and put on clean white cotton panties, followed by her iconic green and white seifuku (school uniform), and as she put it on, she wondered how many more of them was she going to waste in the "warring states" era (1500s), she quickly brushed that thought aside, deciding that it was best to not think about it to much right now, as it would distract her from school work, at well, school. "oh crap school" Kagome thought to herself and then finally looked at the time, if she did not hurry she well be late for it, she had just come back home to the "Heisei" era(the present) and did not want to get any more far behind in school then she already was.

But before she left, she grabbed a small snack and drank some water, said goodbye to everyone and ran out the house, grabbed her bike and was on her way to school, but then she had just realized that she had to go to the toilet, maybe it was not such a good idea to have lots to drink last night after all, but now there was no time for her to stop and turn back, because if she did stop to go she would then be late, besides she could always ask the teacher to go to the toilet once she was at school.

As she rode her bike, pedaling as fast as she could, she was getting more and more desperate with every single push that she made on her bikes pedals, she was now getting worried that she might pee all over her bike before she made it to school... wait she couldn't face school with urinated panties, so if she had an accident, she'd have to go back have home, and what? face her mother, she didn't want her to know that she peed herself, and her younger brother too? That would be too embarrassing for her to survive, heck to embarrassing for her to even think about, so she decided not to think about it. Anyways she could not turn back, she was over half way to school already.

She was almost there, and was glad that she soon could relieve herself in the girls washroom, she could almost even see the school in the distance, when out of the corner of her eye, she saw something, and nearly fell off her bike, what she saw, she did not know exactly what it was, but she knew, it was not normal, it could be a spirit, or even possibly, a demon. What ever it was, it was looking right at her, and she was looking back at it. This demon or whatever it was had glowing white eyes, long hair, similar to a certain dog-demon she knew, but rather then the hair being silver, it was a bright blue with a small tint of green, it wore a white kimono with steel gray armor over it and a white hakama over its legs. It opened its mouth, and began chant something that to her sounded like gibberish, then made some hand signs.

The hand signs created a pentagram which appeared beneath her and her bike, and then, everything got very bright, and she could feel the vast amounts of energy swirling around her, the colors of the energy, were weird, there was energy that was more then one single color at a time, like for example there was some that were blue, red black and white all at the same time, and no I don't mean that the energy was rapidly changing color, but rather it was all those colors all at the same time, and this did not help her bladder at all. "How the heck is this even possible?" Kagome wondered, but the energy then quickly vanished, just as fast a it appeared She fell off her bike onto the concrete on the ground, her "bottom" hitting the floor causing a small whimper to leave her mouth, she was lucky that urine did not leak out of her right here and now, but she knew, that her luck was running out, she could feel it, in her bladder, her bladder that contains her urine.

Kagome stood up, and looked around, she was in what to her looked like a warehouse, she then saw that same demon that she saw earlier, but now its eyes were no longer glowing, so see could now see that the eyes were of yellow color, and now it was no longer the only demon here, the other demons were similar to the first one, some male, others female, they were walking towards Kagome, and she wondered... just what was it, that they wanted from her? This was the first time since she first entered the warring states era, that she was this confused. The demons began to speak amongst each other, and Kagome forgot that she had to pee for a minute, but then felt her now heavy bladder inside her pushing... she could lose this battle any second now... the battle to prevent her white cotton panties from turning a darkened yellow color was getting harder with each and every passing second.

"So this is the girl you summoned here eh?" said one of the demons. "Well she does not look like a priestess me." said the next one. All the demons continued their long conversation, and as they spoke, what ever it was that was keeping Kagome's bladder from emptying... was beginning to fail... She felt the presser on her bladder, it was not the best feeling she ever felt. "Sir what kind of priestess wears a miniskirt? Just what were you thinking when you brought this random girl here?" As they continued to talk, a very small amount of urine leaked, too small to be noticeable, on her pretty white cotton panties, but it would not stay small for much longer... "Its not just the skirt, its all her clothing, shes just an ordinary school girl you idiot!"

And now that which was keeping her from peeing, finally failed... Urine burst out of her, creating a small pool of yellow liquid in her once white panties, a small pool, which would not stay small. The pool of urine in Kagome's panties in just one second grew and urine fell through like a waterfall, onto the floor, her panties began to get darker and yellow from all the urine coming out of her, and soon, 1/3rd of Kagome's panties were full of urine, and then sat down Kagome and just sat there... in her pool of urine, both shocked... and embarrassed... at what she just did, as more urine continued to pour out of her, Now her socks had urine on them as well. To Kagome it seemed as if the torrent of urine would never stop, it just kept coming... Then her bladder was finally emptied... and small amounts of urine dripped off her panties into the puddle of pee beneath her. Kagome then opened her mouth to say "uh Well uh at least nobody that I know saw me urinate though my panties lol..."

TO BE CONTINUED... maybe...

(YAY MY 101st POST lol!)

*002*2011-05-29 00:30

{{: 

I'd just like to point out how absurd this is-not your story, but the anime it comes from originally. I know it's supposed to be fantasy, but holy cow...it's quite offensive to say that Warring States Japan, even a fantasy version, was within a gasquillion exametres of this.

Point 1: The bicycle was invented in the 19th century, and that was just a velocipede, or "bone-shaker".

Point 2: I'm pretty confident that there was little in the way of education, state or private, whatsoever in the 16th Century, especially for girls.

Point 3: There were no warehouses in pre-industrial times.

Point 4: A girl wearing a miniskirt in this period would probably have been raped/assaulted, because even seeing a glimpse of a woman's leg was a luxury in those days.

Point 5: Gender-segregated washrooms? No chance buddy. There would have been an open latrine at best.

I'm not dissing your writing Mech, but I now realise why Ruckafan hates anime (he's an anachronism Nazi).

This is also probably the last thing I'll ever be writing, as I'm off to the DRC to get murdered in a week.

}}

Umm the anime involves time travel lulz.



And I would also like to know what people actually think about my story(good or bad) and not the anime its from <_<

*005*2011-05-31 20:45

Well I have decided that so far its not good enough...

So umm the story is umm DISCONTINUED

I might write a new story involveing Kagome *drools* later, and because 2 people liked it at least, it might have some of the same elements.

