The Decameron

Author: satyr

*000*2014-06-02 04:59

Foreword (recommended, but not required reading)

{{:

I've always been fascinated by stories within stories. Arabian Nights, for instance. The way the layers can resonate and interplay with one another.

The Decameron is a classic of Italian literature. Don't worry, I haven't read it either. But I know enough about it to take it as inspiration for my story. Call it my magnum opus. Instead of writing many separate stories, I'm going to write one story that contains many. The Decameron was written during the time of the Black Death, and concerns three men and seven women who flee Florence to escape the plague. Ten nights, they each tell a story, totaling a hundred stories. Each night, one is elected king or queen and gets to choose the theme of that night's stories. I can't promise a hundred stories, but I can promise some.

Let's just say I'm going to riff off The Decameron, but I'm not bound by it. My story is structured differently, but the frame story is similar, set in the present day. This story will contain many things. The main focus will, of course, be on omorashi, on desperation and wetting. But there may be elements of humiliation, of diapers, and of messy accidents. If the latter is a complete turn-off for you, I suppose you can skip those sections, should they appear, as they will not be the main focus. No hardcore scat, although the theme of loss of control and humiliation is prominent. Omorashi is, as mentioned, the core. There will probably be something for everyone, as I want to play with all the possible variations that exist.

But there is also a frame story which will, to a degree I have yet to decide, feature.

I've taken liberties, of course. As this is an erotic fetish story, the unlikelihood of a group of ten random people having as many omo stories as will feature within the course of this is glossed over. As is the fact that everyone speaks fluent English despite speaking it as a second or third language. Also, the narrator may or may not be a horny asshole. But in a good way.

I use indentation to try to make it easier to tell who's speaking whenever someone is saying something that spans paragraphs. Hopefully, it's clear from context who the first person narrator is at any given time. Happy reading, I hope you'll enjoy it.

}}

The Decameron

For one reason or another, we all found ourselves in Florence when the plague hit. Coming in from Asia, just like seven hundred years ago, it was ugly and it was deadly. The scientists call it the Human Rapid Immunodegenerative Virus, HRIV. Some bloody interbreeding between HIV and god knows what else, an airborne biotoxin that will shut you off for good in rapid fashion, no exchange of bodily fluids necessary. The news was optimistic, a promising cure was in rapid development at a dozen research centers around the world, but in the meantime, we had to flee. We met in a bar, seven women, two other men and me, and Fiona, the only proper Florentine among us—mostly we were travelers, businesswomen and dandies at large—suggested we all flee to a cabin she knew of, well outside the major cities and hopefully isolated from the plague. So we did.

We had gathered supplies to stay for a while, with options to make a careful trip to the nearest grocery store in a small town a good twenty miles away if we ran out. But we needn't have worried: after trudging the last couple miles weighed down by heavy backpacks, the kind you see on interrailers, we found the cabin was well stocked with canned food, firewood, and alcohol. It wasn't much more than a shack, but it had a roof on it, a fireplace, a few beds. We'd have to share. I didn't mind that at all, naturally.

As the evening fell, the whiskey and the beer started flowing. We all wanted to forget what was happening in the outside world, so we lit some candles and sat in a circle, talking and drinking. At this point, I should admit that I have two vices: one is not really a vice as such, but is looked down upon by society at large. I have a bit of a pee fetish. The second is most definitely a vice: I am a fatalistic son of a bitch, and at that point it felt like I might live the rest of my days, not many days either, in that cabin. As we all started to get drunk, I felt like this might be my last chance to indulge, if only vicariously, in my secret vice.

'Man, this beer is running right through me. I feel like I've been holding my piss for a decade,' said Phil, a young American with parents rich enough that he could afford to take a year off to travel around Europe before starting college. That's when I seized the moment, and that is what set off this whole chain of events I'm going to relate.

'I bet,' I began. Suddenly I felt sober: the drunken confidence with which I had started the little speech I'd been preparing in my head was gone by the second word. But I had been playing the rowdy motherfucker all night, which is not my usual way, but when everyone expects you to be the most outrageous guy in the room, suddenly you get a lot more leeway. 'I bet,' I said again, 'that you all are afraid. I know I am. I also bet you by the end of the night, you will all have told us a story about a bathroom misfortune. Something to take your mind off the plague: stories. And what is more topical than piss?' I could never have gotten away with those words if I hadn't been burping and swearing all night, but all in a good-hearted matter. I am the bastard you'd hate if you didn't love being around me so much.

I'd seen already some of the ladies among us were getting a little fidgety. Perhaps they just didn't want to leave the good company, or perhaps they were a little wary of going out in the dark and finding the outhouse. Either way, I must admit I enjoyed what I saw, and I hoped, god help me, oh well, fuck it, I'm going to hell anyway—I hoped I could prolong their agony a bit more by getting some stories going.

'A bathroom misfortune? Whatta you mean?' said Elisa. She was the cute, petite brunette who was German, I think, or somewhere around there, but affected a broad American accent I found quite charming. As was her summer dress. She'd dressed for a day on the beach, not ragnarok.

'Not making it in time, that sort of thing,' I said.

Several of the girls blushed, and that was the moment I knew this could work.

'Oh, come on, we're all adults here. You wanna share stories of us all being toddlers and potty training?' That was Pam, the uptight one.

'No,' I said, 'I mean I think all of you have a story that happened well after you should be too old for it.'

Pam blushed. 'I'm a grown woman, young man.' She couldn't be much older than me—we were all hovering around the twenties, as far as I could tell. 'I can always hold it until there's an appropriate place to go. As should all of you all.'

But the blushing around the circle told me otherwise. I was eyeing Elisa, who was sitting on her heel, but also Nellie and Laura, who both looked like they could use a bathroom. Praise all that is Dionysian, but I'd found myself sheltering from the apocalypse with a number of gorgeous women.

'I know it's embarrassing, but that's sort of the point. It could almost be exciting, even,'

—almost, yeah. More like unbelievably arousing, but I knew I couldn't count on anyone else sharing my particular fetish. I mean, what are the odds? About as large as HIV mutating to become the twenty-first century Black Death, I suppose.

'I, uh...' said Fiona. 'I might have a story. But it's embarrassing, so I'll only tell it if everyone agrees they will tell an embarrassing story in return.'

'I propose a rule,' I said, already setting the tone that the thing was agreed and settled, even if no one had really agreed to anything. 'We all choose when we take a turn, but the longer you wait, the more embarrassing the story must be. Sort of like an incentive to get things rolling. I have a good one ready, but Fiona,' and here I looked her in the eyes and noticed her plain face hid a glimmer to die for, 'I think you should go first.'

'Uh...' Fiona was blushing, as was Nellie, and Elisa was now having trouble sitting still. The other guys were remarkably silent—maybe I had assumed the leader role of our little pack. I was already enjoying myself. After a few false starts and encouraging words, Fiona began.

So I was seventeen. Teresa and I had found each other recently, we had grown up together but never really clicked until one day we were casually chatting in the back of a boring math class, and found out we liked several of the same bands. Since then we were inseperable. One Friday we decided we were going to have an old fashioned sleepover at her house. Watch chick flicks, discuss boys and bands and just have a good time. Her mom was home, but she left us alone in the basement. There was a couch, a big flatscreen, and a good selection of movies. We just sat there talking for hours, and then we got some soda and popcorn and sat down and watched a film. I think it was Love, Actually. You know how salty things make you thirsty? We had a lot to drink, no alcohol, you know, we could get some but her mom might not approve.

Teresa had an annoying little sister, Maria, who was fifteen. We had to shoo her away several times. You know, looking back she probably looked up to us a little and wanted to hang with us, but we were just busy with our own stuff and didn't want her around.

After a while, her mom popped her head in just to say hi. I'd only met her a few times. When she saw the empty soda bottles and the popcorn, she warned Teresa not to drink so much before bed, which I found a bit odd, but I let it slide. Once the film was over, though, we were good and bursting both, so we ran to the bathroom. Maria was in there. 'Hey, you done soon? We're kinda bursting here,' Teresa said. 'I bet you are,' said Maria.

She took her time. By the end of it, I was having to twist my legs to hold it, and Teresa wasn't much better off. She kept biting her lip and hovering her hands around her jeans crotch. Finally, her infernal sister was done with the bathroom, and we ran in both. At the sight of the toilet, it was like my bladder dropped from a hundred feet and landed on my, what's it called, the sphincter? We both stood there a little confused like, who goes first, until finally Teresa just ripped down her pants and panties and I caught a little spot that might be nothing on her panties, but I didn't say anything. I'd never peed my pants since, like, as far as I can remember, but at that point, listening to Teresa's sweet relief, I felt like it was a matter of seconds before I embarrassed myself completely all over the floor. Luckily, Teresa finished up before that happened. But then, yes, this actually happened—my fucking zipper was stuck.

'No,' I said. Teresa looked confused. 'I can't get the fucking zipper off, I'm gonna piss myself if I don't,' I said. Teresa grabbed at the zipper, and I felt a bit strange, I'm not used to girls touching me around there and I'm not into that, but I definitely wasn't into the idea of having to do the walk of shame past Teresa's snotty sister and her mother in piss-soaked jeans. Finally, just in time, our combined efforts yielded results, and I managed to get off my pants and panties and relieve myself. The feeling itself was indescribable.

Afterwards, both a little dazed at the whole situation, we made our way back downstairs and opened another bottle of soda. That's when I remembered the comment Teresa's mom made earlier.

At this point in the story, everyone was listening with full attention. Well, those of us not concentrating on not having a mishap right there and then, anyway. Someone made a comment about how the story was supposed to be about not making it in time.

I'm getting there. 'Hey, Teresa, that comment your mom made earlier,' I said.

'Which one?'

'Uh, not to pry or anything, but what business does your mom have telling you how much soda to drink? Aren't we almost adults?'

Teresa blushed. 'I... I guess it had to come out sometime. I used to... I used to wet the bed. Sometimes I still do. Maria, that fucking bitch, I mean I love her, but she can't fucking leave me alone about it. She's been teasing me about it since she was out of diapers herself. Sometimes I... Sometimes I have to, like, wear something to bed. You know.' She couldn't bring herself to say it.

'Oh. I'm sorry, it's okay if you don't want to talk about it.'

'No, it's okay. You're the only one I've told. You don't seem like the type to judge. I'd like to talk about it actually. I don't have anyone else to talk to about it.'

I have to admit, I was curious. I had trouble picturing a seventeen-year-old, any seventeen-year-old, but especially my friend, in a diaper.

'What's... It like?' I asked.

'I'm always relieved when I wake up dry. I mean, it's been happening less often over the years, but every time I think it's all over, every time I've put away the—the diapers—there is that one morning when I wake up with my butt planted in a puddle and even my nightshirt soaked, cold, embarrassed, knowing I have to tell my mom it happened again. She must have a sixth sense, she always knows even when I try to hide it. Sometimes if I don't feel like being woken up by the alarm clock, I ask her to wake me before school. So she comes in and, I don't know if she can smell it in the air or maybe see it in my eyes, but she just knows, and she has that look in her eyes.'

'What look?'

'You know when you were little and you did something bad, not something majorly bad, just like a little mischief, and so your mom finds out, and she looks at you and just knows you're a kid and kids do that sometimes, but she's still disappointed. That look of disappointment, that's the one. I think she knows I can't help it, but she still seems to think I somehow did something wrong, had too much to drink before bed, forgot to go before bed, slept in too late, that there was something I should have done otherwise and it wouldn't have happened. She's just disappointed that her adult daughter, almost anyway, is still wetting the bed. And it just kills me. I feel so, so little when that happens. I just want to curl up in the fetal position and cry, but I know that would just disappoint her more, so I put on a brave face.'

I gave her a hug. I felt so sorry for her. I know I'd be mortified if I were in the same situation.

'But my sister is the worst. My mom at least tries to help me, even if she sometimes doesn't understand. Maria, she can't let any opportunity to mock me slip. If we're on a road trip, she always makes these sly comments about how we should stop more often so we don't get wet car seats, even though she knows I never wet myself in the day.'

'You don't?' I was sorry the minute I said it. 'I'm sorry, of course you don't.'

'No, you're right. There was one time.' We were already halfway through the soda, it was one of those big bottles. 'Promise you won't tell anyone?'

'My lips are sealed.'

There was one time. I was eleven. Thankfully, Maria never found out or I'd never hear the end of that, either. My mom took me to the dentist. It was an early morning appointment, so I skipped the two first classes of the day to go there. I woke up too late, my mom came in and shook me and as she did, my bladder woke to life. I hadn't peed the bed, though. But anyway, we didn't have much time, so she just threw me a pile of clothes and told me to hop in the car, and I didn't have time to go to the bathroom before we left. Not so much anymore, but back then, if I didn't pee the bed, I was usually desperate by the time I woke up. Maria used to occupy the bathroom until mom banged on the door and told her to get on with it, she had two daughters who needed to get ready for school. Maria never did get the satisfaction of making me pee my pajamas outside the bathroom door, but she came close a couple times.

So in the car on the way to the dentist, I was already drumming my legs. It was clear from the moment I woke up that I needed to get to a bathroom fast. But we were late for the appointment, so my mom just ushered me in there and I just barely glimpsed the bathroom sign before I was in the chair. So I was going to ask if I could go pee before the procedure, but the dentist was already grumpy that we were late and told my mom if we didn't get started right away, his whole schedule would be fucked up and he'd have to cancel the appointment and give us the bill anyway.

So I sat in the chair trying to cross my legs, thinking only of oceans and waves splashing against the walls of my bladder, waterfalls, surfing, hot Australian surfer dudes just riding the waves that were gonna be coming out in my pants if I didn't get to the bathroom soon. The dentist started right away, and as he stuck the needle in with the anesthetic, the shock was enough. I spurted in my pants. I was sure it must be showing, but I couldn't see it from the position I was in.

The dentist got started right away, and once he was going about in my mouth, I couldn't speak. I'd have given anything in the world to just be able to say four words: 'I need to pee.' But instead, I had to clench with all my might, and there wasn't much might left in me.

The procedure took ages. Time dilated. My bladder felt like a bowling ball. Or a balloon set to burst. 'There, almost done, just sit tight while I go and get something,' the dentist said, finally. While he was away, I couldn't hold it and there was another spurt, and I could feel it on my leg. I was officially wetting my pants. I had never peed my pants during the day, not since I was out of diapers. Today was going to be the day when the bedwetter became a daywetter. I was mortified. There were tears in my eyes. What was my mom going to say? What about the dentist? He'd probably be pissed, and I pictured him being pissed lecturing me about peeing on his expensive dentist chair while I lost control totally and became pissed all over myself.

By some miracle I made it without any more leaks. He came back, didn't seem to notice the wet spot on my pants, had me wash out my mouth with some water, and then I was free to go join my mom, who was waiting in the reception area. Gingerly, I made me way out the door, intent on making a bee line for the toilet straight away. Each step, my bladder bounced up and down with force, and I'm sure I leaked a bit just getting from the chair to the hall. I didn't dare look down, afraid to look the damage in the eye. As I got into the hall, I became confused. Wasn't there a toilet somewhere? Down that way, or the other way?

As I stood there searching for the toilet sign I'd seen on the way in, it just started coming out. I stood there alone in a long hall, and I couldn't hold it. I blushed and looked down as I felt my panties fill up, soaking until they could hold no more, and then there was pee running down my legs, wetting my inner thighs, running down and puddling around my shoes, and then the waterfall started, and I started to sniffle as the pee just splashed down. I could see my puffy eyes in the reflection of my accident, and I started to sob. That's when my mom found me. And she had that look. It wasn't just the usual look after I'd wet the bed. This was that look, exponentially intensified.

'Oh, Teresa, what have you done?' She said, shaking her head. Then she took me to the toilet, trailing pee, and when she told me to pull down my pants and finish in the toilet, I couldn't even get them down before I was peeing again, puddling around the toilet. I was a small girl back then, so my mom literally picked me up like a toddler and put me on the toilet to finish peeing through my panties. I remember they had Minnie Mouse on them, and I felt like I was three years old again.

Then there was a whole lot of commotion. My mom, of course, being the conscientious woman she is, couldn't just leave the mess for the dentist's staff to deal with, she had to parade them in there to see me disgraced and see what I'd done, and then I had to mop up my own accident. We drove home, me sitting on a plastic bag, and I was marched into the shower. Then she took one of my night-time diapers and told me to put it on before school, and I had to go around all day hoping no one would peek under my skirt. That, right there, is my most embarrassing memory.

I'd been listening intently to her story, and I didn't know what to say. I wished I had an embarrassing story to rival hers, just to make her feel better. But Teresa seemed to be fine: she must been able to distance herself from the whole thing. It was six years ago. She was almost a woman now. She had one accident, accidents happen. That's what I told her. 'Accidents happen, it could happen to anyone. I could have had one just earlier, if my zipper hadn't become unstuck in time.'

'Have you ever had an accident?' She asked. I hadn't. 'I'm sorry,' I said, 'I mean I wouldn't like to have one, but I almost wish I had, just to comfort you.' And I hugged her again.

'Not even when you were little?'

'Not that I can remember. I mean, I'm sure I did, but I was too little to remember. But you know what? I bet your sister has.'

'Maria?'

'You know, there's gotta be a reason she won't let up about your... little problem. You know that's how bullies work. They mess with others to cover up their own weaknesses.'

'No, that's the problem. If she did have an accident, her whole fucking shtick would be over. And I'm sure I'd find out about it somehow. You know, despite our differences, we're kind of a close family. The whole Italian family above all thing.'

'Let's brainstorm,' I said, sipping my soda. 'Let's say she did have an accident. Maybe she'd be able to hide it, but she's gotta leave a trail. I'll be Sherlock, you be my Watson. Or maybe the other way around, whichever you prefer.'

Teresa smiled. She seemed to brighten up at this conspiratorial tone, us two being detectives, deducing the deeper reason behind her sister's antics. 'Think,' I said. 'Anything suspicious? Ever?'

Teresa smiled and mimed The Thinker, the famous statue. 'Hmm...' She said. 'There was one thing. Last year, she came home from a school field trip, she had on these tiny little shorts. God, she was fourteen, and already showing off her ass. Anyway, she ran right in and changed her shorts. But the funny thing is she has two of those, they look almost exactly alike, and she just ran up to her room, went in the bathroom, and came out in the other pair, like she was trying to hide that she'd changed. But it was probably nothing. She was probably just sweaty and liked those shorts, so she put 'em on.'

'Elementary, my dear Watson,' I said. 'She had a leak. Or maybe not, but you never know. I just can't think of a reason she'd be so annoying only to be annoying. Is she usually like that?'

Teresa was deep in thought. Her eyes were drooping, too, and I was getting tired as well. 'Maybe,' she said. 'Maybe there is a reason. She's actually really nice, most of the time, when she doesn't bother me about wetting the bed.'

At that, we fell silent. Midnight had passed, and we both felt it was time for bed. 'What do you say, should we head to bed?' She nodded.

'But there's one thing,' I said. I knew I was crossing the line, but Teresa had really opened up, and don't get the wrong idea here, it wasn't anything perverse, but I was curious.

'Yeah?'

'Can I see your diapers? Like, if you still have some around?'

'You know what,' she said. 'I'm going to do something really bold. I've been drinking soda all night, and we already had a near disaster. I'm gonna put one on for you.'

Before I could say anything more, she was out the door, and then back again with something white in her hands. Teresa folded it out on the table, and there it was. An adult diaper. I'd never seen one before. 'Don't look,' she said, and I turned my back to her. 'Ok, you can look now,' she said, and there she was. I forgot to mention, Teresa is that dark-haired beauty you guys, and I mean you especially Dion, the kind you guys ogle at beaches all around the Mediterranean. I bet that's why you came here, wasn't it?

'I can't deny that was, shall we say, one of the perks of vacationing in Italy,' I said. A few of the others laughed. I looked around and saw that several of the girls, as well as one of the guys, definitely were in dire need of that ugly outhouse. Elisa was bouncing where she sat. Even Pam, who'd been so sure of herself earlier, looked like she might need some relief soon. But everyone was hooked on the story. This was going even better than I'd ever hoped. I'd thought, fuck it, it's the end of the world, if they all think I'm a perv, at least I gave it a shot. But it appeared I'd hit the bullseye.

'I thought this was about embarrassing yourself, not telling us all about your friends' bedwetting,' said Phil.

I'm not done yet. Anyways, so this Mediterranean beauty was standing there in just a nightshirt, and I know you guys will be happy to hear she had breasts to follow up her long legs, standing there in just a nightshirt and a nappy. It sat snugly around her waist, a security blanket for those unlucky in urination. All's fair in love and pee. I must say, as a girl, it's not often I'm stunned by other women. But she looked incredibly cute where she was standing. I just wanted to eat her up. 'Wow,' I said. 'Don't take this the wrong way, but you're a real cutie. Don't let your little problem bring you down, you've got nothing to be ashamed of.'

Teresa smiled. 'I bet you'd look cute in one too,' she said, and winked.

No way. Don't get your hopes up, Dion, that's not where this story is going. If you thought there was gonna be lesbian porn, I've gotta disappoint you.

I was really warming up to Fiona. She'd seemed shy at first, but she got a mouth on her, and that's something I can appreciate in a woman. That she'd even think that I'd think this was going in a sexual direction was itself a tell that she was thinking about it. Her eyes sparked in the flicker of the candlelights.

'I'm kidding,' Teresa said. 'But I'm glad you're not freaked out about it. We're gonna be sharing a bed tonight, and I hope you don't feel like I'm a baby. Honestly I feel ten years younger anytime I wear these. But there's a sort of comfort in them too—it's complicated, I can't explain it.'

'I think I understand. Don't worry, you're not a baby. You're a fucking supernova of charm and beauty, and that thing around your waist is nothing.' She smiled.

She put on pajama pants, and then we headed upstairs. Teresa's mom popped her head in the hall and reminded her to go to the bathroom before bed. 'Already done,' she said. We brushed our teeth, I got on my own night clothes, and then we snuggled up. No, there was no exploration of sexuality here, sorry Dion, we just fell asleep in each others' arms because we're best friends and we're girls, and girls can do that without saying 'no homo.' She in her nappy, me in a t-shirt and panties. There was nothing more to say: we both fell asleep almost the instant we hit the pillow.

I remember the early morning light streaming through the blinds, zebra patterning the floor. Dust motes floating in the light, you know I studied physics, that's called Brownian motion. It was too early to rise, and it wasn't the light that woke me up. Something wasn't right. There was a warm stickiness, an itchy feeling around my bum. It dawned on me that I hadn't heeded Teresa's mom's advice. I hadn't peed before going to bed. And I'd had a lot to drink. Yes, guys, that is the grand finale to my story: at seventeen, for the first time ever, I pissed the bed. My shirt, my panties, the sheets, they were drenched. It was still warm, so maybe if I'd woken up a few minutes earlier, I could have prevented the accident. I lifted the covers and saw that my accident had spilled over towards Teresa's side, too. Not only had I peed myself, I'd peed on my best friend as well.

A rush of emotions followed. Shame. Fear. Embarrasment. I felt something building in my stomach, a trembling in my shoulders, and then I couldn't stop a yelp from escaping, and then I was crying loudly, angry at myself for being so childish, that I couldn't handle my accident like a woman, like Teresa would hers, but angry or not, I was crying nonetheless. As my shoulders shook, I peed some more, warming my crotch. My sobbing woke Teresa up, and she looked at me with dreary morning eyes, confused. She was shielded from my puddle by the padding on her bum, so at first she didn't understand what had happened. Finally, between sobs, I managed to tell her that I'd had an accident.

'Oh, Fiona,' Teresa said. 'It was all that soda, wasn't it?' She reached over, planting her butt squarely in my piss, and hugged me. 'It's gonna be all right,' she said. She really is my best friend, to this day. I hope she made it out of Florence, I think maybe she was on a business trip elsewhere when the plague came. She whispered in my ear: 'Hush, hush, it's gonna be all right. You're not a baby. You said so yourself. You said accidents can happen to anyone. You're my supernova and I'm going to take care of you.' As she continued to soothe me, I finally managed to get some control over my feelings, and stopped crying. My eyes must have looked red and puffy, my cheeks streaked with tears, and all my clothes were drenched in piss. From that description, you'd think I was three, not seventeen.

We stumbled out of bed together and surveyed the damage. It was bad. My panties were see-through and even dripped a little on the floor. I stood there with my bare feet touching warm yellow dribblets, looking at the massive wet patch on the sheet.

'I have a protective cover on,' Teresa said. 'No one's going to know about this. You know what, I'm gonna tell my mother I did it.'

I was stunned. I'd imagined a stern talking-to by Teresa's mother, I'd imagined my own mother, giving me that look Teresa knew so well. 'You can't,' I said. 'I had an accident, now I'll have to deal with the consequences.'

'Look at yourself,' Teresa said. 'You're a mess. I know you must feel horrible. You know, I've had this happen so many times. As bad as it is, I'm used to it. But you—you said you'd never had an accident before. I think what you're feeling now is punishment enough.'

And so that's my story. Teresa took the fall for me, I got showered and dressed in the clothes I'd brought with me to change into in the morning. I even managed to evade Maria—we all had common friends, I'm sure she'd spread the word everywhere if she got wind of it. At seventeen, I wet the bed, I fucking drenched that bed like I'd used a garden hose. And no one but Teresa ever knew. And now you know. I've never told anyone this story. And now I fucking expect you others to follow up, because even talking about this now, six years later, I'm blushing like mad.

She was. I walked over and gave her a hug. It was a spontaneous move: I won't lie, her story gave me a big ol' boner, but the ending was too much for me to handle. I didn't come in my pants, that's not what I mean. I mean even if I'm an asshole I've got a heart, and Fiona needed that hug. 'You're the bravest motherfucker of this whole lot,' I whispered in her ear. Then I sat down beside her, resting my arm on her shoulder. I wasn't making a move so much as a connection. I hope. It's always been a mystery to me how we can ever bridge the gap between two human beings. Short of some sort of science fiction mind-melding neural connection, we can never know just what anyone else is feeling. But I think Fiona was relieved that I gave her that hug, and it hadn't occured to me before, but in that moment I felt like kissing her. Luckily, I was able to restrain myself, or this whole story I'm telling would have gone in a whole other direction.

'I've got a question,' said Maria, one of the girls who'd been quiet most of the night. She, too, looked like she needed a piss, wiggling a little where she sat. 'Did Teresa ever get back at her sister?'

'She did,' said Fiona. 'But that's another story.'

'I've got a good story,' I said. 'And I think it's my turn.'

*004*2014-06-04 19:39

'So,' I began, 'This is a story about me and an ex-girlfriend of mine.'

'Was she fine?' Phil asked. His inhibitions were certainly slipping.

'And you guys thought I was the perv,' I said, mock-outraged. 'Yes, yes she was.'

Let's keep it classy and say my girlfriend was attractive, and she knew it. She was a bit of an exhibitionist. She'd dress sexy, but many girls do. But then we'd go out and she'd seem to take extra pleasure in flashing strangers, very coy, she'd go out commando and just let them get a very quick peek up her skirt that hovered in the zone where, if you didn't know her like I did, you'd never know if it was intentional or accidental. Of course, she loved to tease me, too. Thankfully, or I don't think I'd have been able to stay with her, after a night of teasing me, giving me these little quick peeks, starting to make out passionately only to cut it short just when I really got into it, we'd get into bed and it would all pay off.

But it seemed like she was getting more daring, less coy as our relationship progressed. She was even mentioning that she got more into it when strangers watched us make out, and hinting she might want to take this aspect further. But I wasn't having none of that. I understand you have to cater to each others' needs, but man, some things just kill the mood for me and having some stranger watch me would be too much. I felt like me completely accepting her going around teasing strangers was more than enough from my side. On the other hand, she'd be willing to live out some of my fantasies—on the beach, for instance, but in a totally secluded spot, while she might have liked it better if there was more of a chance someone could see us.

You might think she'd be liable to cheating, but a tease and a cheat are two different things. The relationship actually ended by us both cheating on each other, unaware until later, almost at the exact same time, but that was a long time after this story takes place and the relationship had turned sour for other reasons. I guess you can say we deserved each other, huh?

Her name was Alice. Or at least it was. I don't keep in contact with her these days, but I heard she joined some sort of commune and had taken a different name—I suppose she was always a bit into that alternative stuff, whether it be sexual exhibitionism, communal living or herbal medicine. After a night of drinking, she'd wake up in the morning and make us both some herbal concoction she insisted was the perfect cure for hangover. I'd sneak off to to take some Advil when she wasn't looking. And I'd have to covertly pour sugar into her cure to get it down without gagging. But on the whole, she and I got along well.

Everyone was listening, but by now, the elephant in the room—that we weren't just sharing stories of having to pee, but all working up a healthy need at the same time—was becoming more obvious by the minute. None of us had been out to relieve ourselves since before dark, and by now we must have been drinking for hours. I say must because I didn't have a watch, and I didn't bother bringing my phone or anything else electronic because we were in a hurry and knew there'd be no electricity and probably no reception either. I think we had one phone between us, for emergencies, and it stayed off to conserve power. I didn't have anything but my internal clock to go on, but it must have been hours and we had been drinking a lot.

I looked over towards Elisa, who'd seemed the most desperate, and she certainly looked like she might be nearing real, genuine desperation—oh, how I wouldn't like that—but she also had been doing her same subtle pee dance for the last half hour. Maybe she was just one of those girls who act more desperate than they really are. Surveying the circle, looking from one to the other, ostensibly in order to make a dramatic pause in my story, but really to check out who seemed most desperate for a piss, I found, unsurprisingly, that no one seemed to be able to sit completely still—but Maria actually had her one hand in her crotch! I hadn't expected that. Hoping to keep everyone's attention away from their bladders, I forged on with my story.

But Alice would also tease me in other ways. She liked feeling like she was leading in the relationship. By now I trust you've gathered that I'm not exactly the submissive type. But if there was something that a man could usually do better than a woman, and she could best me to at it, she'd take that opportunity and rub it in my face. Sometimes it backfired, like when she tried to assemble furniture, fumbling with the instructions for hours until I came in, threw away the instructions and put it together in fifteen minutes flat. But often, annoyingly, she'd actually have me beat.

When we'd be walking home from one of our pub crawls, I'd often have to take a leak. Being a guy, I could usually find a bush or something to go behind, or I'd ask her to stand guard while I watered the walls of some dark alley. She, however, would proudly hold it all the way home, even making a point of not going when I did at the pub. She never acted desperate, either, although I know if I didn't found those alleys and bushes I'd be in trouble getting all the way home.

One such night, we were walking arm-in-arm. She hadn't been to the bathroom all evening, as far as I could tell, although I hadn't been keeping an eye on her at all times, sometimes talking to my other friends for a while, so I suppose she might have gone then. Anyways, she showed none of the signs of really having to pee, and trust me, I know those signs. On the other hand, I was feeling a mighty urge, and halfway home, I let go of her arm as I eyed an alley with no windows. 'Babe, watch out for me for a minute, I'm gonna take a leak over there,' I said.

She laughed. 'You're so funny. This big man-bro can't hold his beer, can he? Always stopping to water a bush.' Suggestively, she spread her stance wider while keeping her hands free. I could see, then, that her bladder made a noticeable bulge in her otherwise flat dress, and she seemed not to have a trouble in the world just standing there like that, daring her bladder to try voiding before she wanted it to.

I shrugged it off, I mean, what do you say to that? It was true enough, I had to piss, so I just walked into that alley with no retort and proceeded to get some heavenly relief against a brick wall. Feeling relieved, I took her hand and we walked home and got into it in bed. She didn't pee until after we both had finished, and she took her time in the bathroom. Other times we went out, or just in general, she'd continue to make these little remarks about my bathroom habits. She was never in trouble. One time though, it was summer and we were at the beach, and I caught her. I lost sight of her for a moment, got up to look for her, and found her standing in the water, peeing a waterfall into her red bikini panties. Feeling smug, I said, 'So you couldn't hold it, could you?'

She seemed a little startled, but then she turned to me seductively and said, 'I just did it to see if... maybe you'd like it. Besides, I'm going to go in the water and wash off anyways.'

So this one afternoon...

Fiona turned to me. She'd been sitting under my wing for some time now. 'Wait,' she said, 'you mean there's more than one story about you and this ex of yours? I want to hear about the beach.'

'Tell us about the beach,' someone else said, I didn't quite catch who, and that became the chorus. So my story had to take a detour.

I relent. I'm eager to please. I'm going to tell you about the beach, but you know, the most exciting part is the one that I started on before you oh so rudely interrupted my story-telling mojo. So, the beach it is.

It was a fine summer afternoon, and we drove down to this odd, but charming beach we knew of. It wasn't a very long drive, maybe an hour or so. We packed some food and a cooler of water and ice tea, along with the usual beach supplies: bathing clothes, towels, a parasol, a beach ball and a frisbee and something to read if we got bored. So we get there and I tell you this beach is odd: it's almost like a mini desert right near the ocean. It's just sand, a very long beach, of course it rains there and it's right next to the ocean, so it's not really a desert, but it looks like one for two reasons: when the wind blows right, it forms sand dunes straight out of a National Geographic documentary, and in the middle of this little 'desert' there's like an oasis, a little green patch of grass and a few scattered trees but everything else is just sand. Odd, but charming.

So, there's a couple public toilets way up by the road, but that is a good fifteen-minute walk from the actual shore. It was a hot day so we drank a lot both. Like usual, she seemed completely unconcerned with having to pee no matter how much she had to drink. There were a few other people around, surprisingly few for such a hot, cloudless summer day—perhaps it was simply too hot for them. Sweat was beading on me minutes after I'd washed it off in the ocean. But I knew she wasn't shy, so if she had to go, she'd go—or she'd refuse to go simply because it had become a point of pride to her how she could outlast me. At one point, I went over to the oasis and peed behind a tree. I mean, I suppose I could have gone in the water but the idea didn't appeal to me at the time, besides, I was dried off and wanted to just sit and talk or read.

After a while of talking, this was hours after we'd gotten there and after we'd bathed and swam several times, kissed underwater, and found it was way too hot to throw a frisbee for more than a couple minutes at a time, I picked up a book. She did the same. I got lost in my reading, and just assumed she'd still be sitting by my side reading as well, since she hadn't said anything. But when I turned to her, she was gone. I scanned the beach and located her a bit away, standing out with her shapely figure and that bright-red bikini of hers, just stood there a few feet into the water.

So I walked over, wondering why she hadn't said anything and why she'd just randomly wandered off to stare into the horizon. I couldn't quite tell what she was doing, but when I got closer, I saw that her bikini panties—which had dried off in the Sun ages ago—were wet, getting wetter, a patch of dark, glistening red spreading up her ass and then I looked down to see her, and when I got closer, could actually hear her peeing forcefully through her panties and into the ocean.

So I made my remark about her not being able to make it, and she seemed startled, but I couldn't tell if she was startled because I'd caught her or just because she hadn't heard me approach from behind. Then she played it off with that remark, and it was somewhat plausible, since she did like to do some alternative or exhibitionistic stuff, but if she was doing a show for me, why sneak off instead of calling attention to it? If she wanted to be coy, at least she could have done it somewhere in my immediate field of vision, should I decide to look up from my book. So I prefer to think that she really couldn't, or wasn't sure she could make it all the way up to the toilets, maybe didn't think to or thought it was less convenient to go to the little oasis, that little patch of grass and a few trees. She had me beat by a whole bottle of water and hadn't peed all day, far as I could tell.

'So you think she had an accident at the beach?' That was Fanny, who was Swedish all over: blond, blue-eyed, and tall. She looked like she'd come to Italy to party her way around, but she'd told us earlier she actually had business in Florence, working as a legal aide on some trans-European judicial matter. Her colleague and companion on the trip had succumbed to the plague, and she'd been drinking her sorrows away when we all met. 'Actually,' she'd said earlier, 'We didn't even like each other all that much. We were just colleagues, that's all. But she didn't deserve what she got. And I can't even stay with her until the end, everyone's under quarantine or if they aren't officially, unofficially everyone tells you to stay the fuck away if you don't want to end up the same way.

As soon as I was checked out and the test came out negative, I came here to drink.' But right now, under these candles and her glass of whiskey, she seemed to have found a way to smile again. And she was curious about whether my girlfriend had peed herself accidentally. That, to me, was a significant detail. Perhaps it's just because of my little kink, but I suspect to the others, it didn't matter. She was peeing herself in the ocean, what did it matter? She had done the deed regardless. To me, if it was a genuine accident, a forced wetting, it was infinitely more erotic.

I think that she thought she might have one if she started for the toilets up at the road. Maybe she genuinely lost control there in the water, or maybe she let go voluntarily because she figured she could get away with it there, but not if she ended up having an accident halfway up the beach. In the end, I'm fairly certain she'd have wanted to keep her unbeaten pee-holding streak alive, and that going in the water was a defeat in her eyes. But I couldn't get her to admit defeat, she just played it off like she didn't absolutely need to go, but figured it might be fun to see how I might react to it if she did it like that. Maybe that small defeat was the reason for what follows.

So that one evening, I came home from work a few minutes before her. So I went to the bathroom, which was adjacent to the front hall, and when I came out, she was just getting in the door. 'I knew it,' she said. 'You can never hold it very long, can you?' She took a bottle of water out of her purse and proceeded to polish it off in front of my eyes.

As we got into the living room, she told me, 'I haven't been all day, not since I woke this morning!' I smiled.

'Good for you,' I said, trying to sound like I was just glad to see her and didn't care at all about her prodigious holding capabilities.

She rolled her eyes. 'Like you could have done that. You'd be tinkling all over yourself before lunch. But I'm gonna prove to you just how superior I am.'

Those words were music to my ears. Whatever followed had to be good. She once proved to me how good she was at kissing, and then later on as our relationship progressed—and it progressed quickly—how good she was at fellatio.

'I'm going to go a full twenty-four hours without peeing. And I'm not going to be holding back on the fluids, either.' I hadn't expected quite that. Not that she was doing a live demonstration that had already started. She put my hand on her belly: 'Feel that? All that's going to go down into my bladder, to be pushing to get out, and I'm not going to let it until I say so. And there's more to come.' I was a bit stunned.

'Eek!' Elisa interrupted my story with a high-pitched shriek. All eyes were immediately on her, and her cheeks were burning red. 'I'm so sorry,' she said. 'It's just that I have to pee so bad. I almost leaked.' Oh no. On the one hand, this was incredibly exciting. Elisa was a cutie in desperate need of a bathroom, and to get there, she'd have to go out into what was now a dark, rainy night only to find a stinking little hut with a bench and a hole. On the other, someone would surely suggest she just go, like the sensible thing would be to do—I was already betting Pam, that party pooper, would be demanding that she do it right now—and once she went, probably everyone else would be going as well.

'But I want to hear the rest of the story,' said Elisa. 'Maybe the rain'll let up a bit by then.'

'Ok,' I said, quickly, before anyone could protest. Then I continued my story, keeping an eye on Elisa. I could feel Fiona's stare when I wasn't looking. Was she jealous, or was that wishful thinking? To answer my unasked question, she planted herself on my lap.

'To get this straight,' I said, 'You haven't peed since this first thing this morning. You've had plenty to drink throughout the day, and you're going to drink more. And you're going to last all night and not go until tomorrow morning?'

'Yes, that's what I said.'

'Surely not even you could manage that.' I had to egg her on a bit, I thought, not sure how serious she was.

'You just watch, mister.' And she laid on top of me on the couch and we kissed and fondled for a while, as that bottle of water quickly worked its way through her system. If she'd been hydrating as much as she said she had, her kidneys must be working overdrive.

I knew she had a very large bladder, and I thought she may even make it, if she didn't get overconfident. But she had always taken pride in not only holding her pee, but also concealing her need, and I knew no one could last that long with that much liquid in them and still not start showing signs of desperation. She must be feeling the need already, but she'd become so adept at hiding her need that so far, you'd never guess how much pee she was holding.

As the evening and night progressed, however, I couldn't imagine anything but two scenarios, each of which, I suppose, would be satisfying in its own way: either she would finally have to break into those nervous fidgets, the clenching, the crossing of legs, the hands between the legs, the whole pee-pee dance, or she would force herself not to do any of those things that help you hold your pee when you're beyond desperate, and then she'd surely have an accident. Maybe that was what had happened at the beach: she had given no indication of her need to go, forced herself not to, until it was too late. But of course she still insisted it had been just another one of her exhibitionistic displays, completely unrelated to any pressing need to pee.

Alice insisted on making us a pasta dish for dinner. I sat by the kitchen table watching her work. She was very deliberate in her movements, but still, not so much as a tiny fidget. She was already started on a cup of tea, although she was only sipping it, unlike the water bottle she had gulped down in front of me. Now, this was a Friday, usually the night in the week she'd drag me to a club, or I her to a pub. I wasn't expecting her to risk anything in public, but I was content to chat with her over dinner with a beer at our sides. I was surprised, then, when she suggested we go see a movie.

'You sure you don't just want to stay in and get one off the internet?'

'No, silly, it's Friday night, we can't just be sitting around dozing on the couch! Let's go!'

'Okay, but we're taking the bus. We may be okay to drive, but ye olde officer o' the law might disagree. Can't risk it.' This was also a strategic move, since it gave us less choice in the matter of when and how to get home. If she was willing to risk getting desperate in public, I was going to up the ante. She simply nodded.

As we cleared away the dishes, I finally noticed the first visual signs that she actually had to pee. She was holding her legs closely together and walked a bit stiffly. In fact, except for that time on the beach, this was the first time I could recall she'd ever shown any actual need for the toilet. She'd never admit she had to pee, she just sort of went, at some point, as carelessly as anyone else, except anyone else would do it twice as often, at the least.

We got on our coats and, since the bathroom was right next to the front hall, I couldn't resist giving her an out I knew she wouldn't take: 'Hey, you sure you don't wanna pop in for a quick pee before we go?' I saw a flicker of doubt across her face, but her voice was firm when she insisted she didn't.

The walk to the bus stop was five minutes, and we passed time chatting about stupid coworkers and what we were going to do for a mutual friend's birthday. Once we got on the bus, though, there was no going back: thirty minutes to the theatre, and it seemed like the reality of the challenge she'd set for herself was sinking in. As would the tea, the water and the beer also, no doubt. She sat in silence, looking out the window, hands folded in her lap.

Once we were off the bus, her walk had definitely deteriorated from her usual confident strut to a tentative, careful pace, and every now and then she'd stop for a second, but never long enough for me to overtake her by more than a couple steps. We got in, found a movie, and I bought us each a large soda. I caught her eyeing the toilets on the way in, but she bravely accepted the soda and passed them by.

We were early. 'Oh god, are the lights never coming off?' Alice said.

'Getting antsy?'

'Patience is not among my many virtues.'

Finally the lights were off, the pre-movie trailers done with, and the movie proper was started. I don't recall which movie it was, nothing special. But this was when the real show started for me. My girlfriend kept her eyes on the film, and didn't notice that I kept mine on her most of the time. Now she thought I wasn't looking, she was holding her crotch tightly and crossing her thighs. Towards the end of the movie, as the hero or heroine was rescuing the world or the hostage or the relationship, she started lifting herself slightly off the seat, then sitting down and re-crossing her legs. I knew by now even Alice must be in dangerous waters, or dangerous waters were in her. There was no way she was making it home dry if she didn't relent, nevermind until the next morning.

As the lights came back on, she tried to restore some dignity to her posture, but it was still clear to me, and probably to those sitting nearby as well, that she really needed to pee. She'd even finished her soda, against better judgment. I'd barely finished half of mine. 'I've been holding it all day,' she whispered, matter-of-factly. 'I really need to pee.' That was the first time she'd ever admitted it to me.

'Let's find you a bathroom then,' I said.

We passed the bathrooms on the way out, but she simply shook her head no. 'Are you insane?' I whispered in her ear.

'No, I need to pee but I'm in control, not insane.' When she had to stop for a moment a few steps later and cross her legs, I just smiled.

I felt my crotch getting damp. Was I...? I did feel a mounting pressure in my bladder, but I couldn't imagine that I'd start wetting myself without even knowing. No. Surely not, but it must be: Fiona, still planted on my lap, had leaked. On me. I couldn't suppress an erection, tried to think of dirty old grandmas but before it was gone, she must have noticed. If it wasn't completely obvious to everyone by my enthusiastic and detailed retelling of this desperation experience, she must now know about my fetish. I had to acknowledge it somehow, so I whispered to her: 'You're in trouble.'

'You're trouble,' she whispered back.

'What are you two whispering about?' Asked Amadeo, the most quiet guy in our little group.

'He's just being mean and too afraid to say it out loud,' said Fiona, and I felt another drop on my crotch. She was wearing a skirt, and under it, I imagined her panties would be rather wet already. I shifted her a little bit forward so she was sitting between my legs instead of on my lap—that way, she'd have to full-on flood to wet my pants any further. Didn't want the blame for an accident that wasn't my own, as hot as having a girl pee herself on top of you is—if we were alone, on the other hand...

Alice was now in serious trouble. A hundred people must have seen her potty dance her way out of the movie theatre, and then we spent ten minutes on a three-minute walk back to the bus stop. We just missed it: thirty minutes until another one. And then another thirty minutes on the bus before we were home. Alice sat dejected holding herself tightly on the bench.

'Look, I don't want you to embarrass yourself. We both know you're not gonna make it home at this rate. There's probably some night-open café or bar around here somewhere that you could go to. Hell, theatre's probably not even closed yet.'

She might have been considering taking the easy way out, but now, she was more determined than ever. 'No, I will make it home.' I noticed she'd dropped the pretense that she could keep this up until morning. Instead, she got up and started pacing, crossing her legs, pacing, holding herself, sitting down on her heel, getting up again—all the while cursing the public transit system.

'Maybe we could get a cab,' I suggested. But by then, it was only five minutes until the bus anyway.

'No, the bus will...' And she appeared to spasm and had to bend over to hold it. '... have to do.'

It pulled in just on time, and we sat down away from the few other passengers. I had no idea how she'd made it this far, but now she was locked in: there would be absolutely nowhere to go but in her pants for the next thirty minutes. She didn't say much, simply dug deep into her crotch, tensed her body, and bounced on the seat. I looked at my watch: five minutes. She was fidgeting more. Ten minutes. She could not sit still for more than a few seconds. Fifteen minutes. She now had sweat running down her face. 'Help me unbutton my pants,' she commanded. I obliged. I tried, anyway. It wasn't easy, with her keeping her hands buried in the area. I got the first button open, and as I did, I inadvertently pushed on her bladder. She gasped, but still there was no wetness visible.

'Did you pee?' I whispered.

'No, I will never pee myself, ever,' she said, although there was no conviction behind her words anymore.

Twenty minutes. Another button had to be opened. Twenty-three. Her hands were now all the way down her panties. Twenty-five. She looked like she was on the home stretch of a marathon, panting, gasping, pushing like a madwoman into her peehole, clenching every muscle in an attempt to stave off the inevitable. Finally, at least, we were starting to approach familiar neighborhoods. This seemed to spur a sort of last defense in her, and she was even able to button up her jeans before we stepped off the bus. Then came the next hurdle: the five-minute walk home. Which could easily become a fifteen-minute walk with the way she was shuffling and stopping every other step to cross her legs.

'Alice,' I said, 'for real, are you going to make it? Will I have to carry you?'

'I will,' she said.

Then she stopped, gasped, looked down at her crotch, saw there was no wetness there, and forged ahead. 'I did not just pee,' she said.

By some miracle, we got back to our apartment without any accidents. When we got in the front hall, I fully expected her two rush into the bathroom, but instead, she took the time to remove her clothes and walked into the living room. I followed after her. She was lying down on the couch legs twisted and hands in her crotch, rocking back and forth.

'Alice, what are you doing?'

'I'm holding it until morning.'

'What? You're going to pee the bed. You're going to pee your pants before you even get to bed.'

'I have never wet the bed and I won't start now.'

'Have you ever been this desperate to pee?'

'No,' she admitted, blushing. 'But I am still in control and I will remain in control.'

'Alice, you won't last eight hours more. It's humanly impossible. If you wanna wet the bed, well, keep it up, but you'll have to sleep on a towel. More than one, in fact. You're not ruining the mattress just out of stubbornness.' At this point, the thought of her ruining the mattress out of stubbornness, I must admit, had a sort of appeal. But the practicalities of it weren't encouraging.

'Fine.'

So she lay there, wriggling like a worm on top of a bunch of towels. I had a hard time falling asleep, knowing what was going on right beside me, but eventually I did. I expected she'd run to the bathroom the moment I feel asleep, so I pretended to be asleep for a while, but she never did, just kept on wriggling around in bed, so eventually I fell asleep for real.

I didn't get any further in the story. Elisa cried out, and then she lifted the hands she'd held in her lap to reveal her shorts now had a wet spot on them. 'I'm sorry, it just came out,' she said. 'I'm fine now, though.'

'Jesus,' said Pam, 'just go to the bathroom already, woman. You're gonna disgrace yourself.'

'Well, it's too late for that,' Elisa said. 'I don't think I can stand up without starting to pee. And I don't even think I have any embarrassing pee stories to tell, not about myself, at least. But I s'pose a real live demonstration of an accident is both more embarrassing, and more, er, exciting than a story?'

'You can't make it to the outhouse?' I asked.

'I couldn't make it till the end of your sentence,' she said, and a stream of urine spurted through her dark jeans shorts, and she spread her legs, closing her eyes, as the pee spread across most of the front part of her shorts, almost up to the waist, and pooled on the floor in a yellow puddle. People had to move away from her as the puddle spread further. There was only the faint hiss of piss into denim to be heard in the room, everyone too stunned to speak. Elisa kept her eyes closed until she was done, and when she opened them, she blushed.

'My story,' she said simply, 'is that I held it too long. I got stuck escaping the apocalypse, and when we started drinking, I didn't want to leave the company and go out in the rain to pee. So I held it too long and peed my pants like a child.'

This situation needed to be handled very, very delicately, or not only story time but our whole merry band of survivors would be in danger of breaking up.

