School trip on a very special cruise

Author: OmoNeon

*014*2022-11-08 17:43

{{28 minutes ago, Matias said:

Hey. Just wanna say I also enjoyed the first chapter. If you include those kind of side stories it would be a great add to the main plot!

}}

I did have a small side story in mind for Vicky, but as i'm writing it now i realise this story is gonna be alot bigger in chapters than i thought, so the idea was to drop that one.

Some more background origins will also be coming at some point for Dr. Neuhauss.

But i'm getting ahead of myself here as they haven't reached the ship yet, and that's where the story really gets going 😁

In the next chapter they'll be boarding the ship 👀

*015*2022-11-08 17:48

Seeing the positivity about first chapter i might redo it a bit, if i reread it now it looks like a mess at the beginning 😁

*019*2022-11-12 00:08

Thanks for the feedback 😄

It's fun to see people enjoying this and reading your comments

But lets continue!

Chapter 4:

###

The 4 of them had taken a spot on one of the tables and were munching on their snacks while chatting about what they wanted to do and see on the cruise, Luna started with saying she definitely wanted to go to the ice rink and see one of the aqua theater shows which were apparently of very high quality according to reviews. Emma said she also wanted to see those as well as the huge arcade on board.

Billy went with testing all the various foods as well as the waterparks but wouldn't say no to the arcade as well.

Chloe just said "everything",

"That's actually a serious challenge" Emma laughed.

"That ship is humongous, you know that right?" Luna added,

"Okay okay i didn't really look up the info like you guys apparantly did," While Chloe took a bite out of her sandwich, with a mouthfull she continued "i know it's supposed to be big but i'll decide when i get there what i want first."

Emma had started worrying about her wet pants, "Do you think mom will be mad?" She asked Billy,

"don't worry, i'll tell them you had an accident" Billy reassured her.

"It's not like you could help it, most girls have had accidents on the train anyway" Chloe added.

"Well it wasn't exactly an accident" Emma said. "It felt really...." she suddenly cut off what she was saying

"wait, how was it not an accident?" Luna said in between bites.

"I mean, that i could've held it longer," Emma sheepishly admitted "but you guys said there was no point in holding it for longer if i started to feel uncomfortable" After another bite she added, "So it's not really an accident right?"

"Lets just tell mom & dad you had an accident, you're right, lets not risk them getting angry over nothing"

After some more minutes had passed by, "Did any of you ever had accidents?" Emma asked curiously

"I once peed in my snowpants" Emma blurted out, and added "When i was about your age actually"

"How come you had an accident?" Emma continued between slurps of her drink.

"Well technically it wasn't an accident" Luna started to blush heavily now, why did she speak up again? She should've kept quiet, this was her own little secret.

This time it was Chloe who asked, "So how was your accident technically not an accident then?

"Ok, i think i know what you mean now Emma" Luna said, realising where this was headed, quickly trying to change the subject after.

They finished their food and were sipping on drinks as Luna felt the first signs of her bladder filling again, which also gave her an idea. She told Emma to not announce her need to pee anymore while she's on her seat. Instead just pee in your already wet pants so you don't draw attention. Else your mom might send you 2 across the train again to find a place to pee, or change your clothes again or something. Billy agreed and Chloe nodded approvingly.

Emma nodded with a bit of a blush on her face.

They walked back to their respective seats with Emma saying a thank you to Luna and Chloe for earlier, which they answered with a "no problem"

Her mom let out a sigh when she saw Emma's wet pants, Billy immediately interjected that it was an accident and she couldn't help it. As Luna had predicted their parents were both somewhat understandable about the situation, she probably just wanted to clarify earlier to her daughter it wasn't ok to pee herself whenever she liked. Of course the girl can't help accidents right now. Parenting must be tough in a situation like this, Luna thought.

4:20 in on the train ride, 10mins to go.

When they came back from the shop earlier Luna had consciously adjusted her skirt when she sat down, so she wouldn't sit on it. This time she wasn't gonna make it as obvious she thought.

She could've held it for longer for sure, she wasn't bursting yet, but the train was gonna arrive soon and she didn't want to get caught having an accident when they're walking to the ship. With her leggings and skirt it's easy to hide as long as she's peeing while sitting.

Still wary about the fact she was sitting on a seat in a train and about to re wet her panties and leggings with all of her classmates around her, she couldn't help but starting to blush. She started to relax and a few seconds later she was greeted with a stream of warm pee heating up her crotch and butt once more as she was rewetting her panties and leggings while she relished the feeling.

The first time she had wet on the train she had felt forced to have an accident, now she was more relaxed and was enjoying this a lot more. She could feel it start to pool around her butt as she was emptying her bladder in her seat. After a while her stream started to subside and she pushed the last few drops in her panties and leggings. She glanced around to check if anyone had noticed, but it seemed nobody had... until she caught Emma's gaze, Luna could tell she was looking at her very wet crotch. She must've seen her wet herself just now, Emma looked up from Luna's crotch and give her a smile. Luna returned the smile. She could see the pee stain on her pink pants that had faded from earlier.

###

The first time Emma had peed herself in her jean shorts she was mortified about it. Her bladder was hurting as well by the time she finally released, although once she did start to pee it felt amazing to finally be able to feel that relieve.

Then later at the little shop they convinced her to let go instead of keep holding it and not to be ashamed. Truth is, once her embarrassment got pushed to the side with the comforting help of her brother,Luna and Chloe, she secretly had enjoyed peeing in her pants. The experience of releasing in her pants and how she could feel it running down her legs was pure bliss. She almost blurted out earlier when they were eating together that she enjoyed it, of course she couldn't say that! She blushed even thinking about it.

When they came back from the shop she Had done exactly what Luna had told her to and didn't say anything about her need to pee to her parents when her bladder started to fill. Which went pretty quickly as she had been drinking even more than before, partially because she's thirsty but also because she knew she would need to pee sooner.

Emma had seen Luna just wet herself in her seat right in front of her, my turn she thought. And although she didn't want to acknowledge it, she had been looking forward to just relax and go in her seat... But what would her parents say when their daughter pissed her pants in front of them without even asking or saying anything?

She relaxed her bladder and just as she felt her pee was about to come out she stopped again, she was really anxious about peeing herself on purpose. A few seconds later she started to relax again and she could feel that she started to leak in her pants, after about 2 seconds she stopped again. Her pants had still the pee stain from earlier that had faded because it had dried quite a bit by now. But as she glanced down to her crotch she could now see a new small wet patch had formed.

She felt the familiar warmth and immediately wanted to let go of the rest, but again, she was worried for her parents reaction, not sure what to do she glanced to Luna. She saw Luna looking at her and she silently mouthed the words. "let go"

Emma gazed back down to her own crotch now. Thanks to Luna she had made up her mind, she wanted to feel that blissfull feeling again. She parted her legs a bit as she relaxed and let out a stream of pee, she saw the wet patch spread simultaneously with the feeling of warmth in her crotch, she felt it going downwards now aswell, seeping trough her pants and into the seat. She was in pure bliss once again.

She committed to fully relaxing. No point in holding back she thought, they're gonna notice it anyway. As she started to hear a feint hissing noise, she could feel it starting to pool around her butt. Her pants were glistening with pee by now as she could see the stain creep up almost to her knees. A grin came on her face as she realised she was peeing herself for the 3rd time now today.

Her mom and dad had finally noticed, "Are you peeing in your pants again?" their tone sounded more angry than understanding this time, but Emma didn't care anymore. She relished the feeling, after a few more seconds she could feel her stream subside and she pushed the last remaining drops in her soaked sweatpants, she sighed from content.

Her butt was wet and warm from the pee that had pooled on the seat, she could feel it slowly soak into the seat now. Slowly her focus came back to the situation at hand, her mom and dad were looking at her with an expression that she couldn't really place, where they mad? disappointed? both?

Her parents had been speechless for a few seconds by now as her mom was the first to regain her composure and say, "Emma, did you just pee yourself on purpose?"

Billy intertwined, "Sorry, i told her earlier in the shop that if she still had to pee she could just go in her pants, as they were already wet anyway there's not much we or she can do about it anyway. So this is probably my fault?"

###

Luna loved how Billy stood up and protected his little sister, she could hear them argue for a little bit longer but then the intercom announced that they would be arriving at the station in just a few minutes, as everyone started to gather their stuff and check if they hadn't forgotten anything the discussion had ended, Billy and Emma were saved by the bell so to speak.

They all stood up to exit the train as Emma was right in front of Luna and she could see the big pee stain on the back of her pants now, the words "cute" were completely soaked now, she chuckled a little bit, she really hadn't held back Luna thought. When they were standing in the aisle, Emma turned around and their eyes met when a grin formed on her face.

She was a little bit envious of the little girl, when she was her age she would never have dared to fully wet herself like that. Although the one time while building the snowman was fun though.

###

They were walking with their suitcases trough the station, Luna could already smell the sea. The hallway was big and high with a blend of metal and glass. Very modern Luna thought. Walking from the station to the port was gonna take just a few minutes of walking she overheard, as they made their way trough the exit towards the port she could hear some "wow" and "holy shit" erupt in front of them. They passed the corner and she saw why. They had a clear view of the port now which spread far and wide with a lot of ships anchored, some small and bigger ones but there was one that stood out from the rest.

It was enormous and majestic, as they were walking closer it only started to tower over them more and more. So this is the Symphony of the Seas?! Chloe hadn't said a word yet, as Luna glanced to her side she could see her walking next to her with her mouth agape. Luna couldn't hold back laughter seeing her expression.

"So this is her huh?" Vicky caught up to them walking, "I swear it looks so much bigger in person"

So this is where they'll be spending the next 2 weeks on, Luna thought.

___________________________________________

The ship "Symphony of the Seas"

%https://www.nedcruise.info/symphony of the seas.htm

*024*2022-11-14 21:36

A bit shorter this time, but definitely not less fun i hope 😄

Chapter 5:

###

They all boarded the ship while being in awe of the sheer size and beauty of the interior, firstly they went to the service desks to get checked in.

The check-in went without any issues, they got their room number with a key card for each person. Meanwhile while checking in they had seen a Karen going total nuts against the service desk while holding the hand of a little boy who had clearly wet his pants.

Luna could've sworn she heard her yell against the service desk that she wanted to see the manager, She couldn't be sure what it was about as it was hard to hear from their distance, not that she cared too much. They went on their way further on the ship.

As they were on their way towards their rooms they were further taking in the ship as it was as beautiful as they had expected, if not more so.

They walked with their luggage trough what they called "central park" it was basically a long road with nature, grass, plants, flowers and trees in the middle and shops and restaurants on the outside, it was beautiful and impressive while they noticed there was another street below them, like a boulevard with it's own shops and diners as well what seemed to be a mini carnival "truly impressive" Chloe remarked.

They wanted to go and explore already but Luna had felt her bladder fill up by now and she knew she was gonna need relieve pretty soon, going to look for a toilet that was open was probably a bad idea right now as they were carrying their luggage still. Although they did make a quick stop just to get a drink as she and Chloe were thirsty, almost every corner had a stand or shop or whatever else you can imagine giving away drinks, all for free of course.

They did learn at the service desk that at some of the restaurants you needed to pay extra if they wanted to eat there as those were a la carte while most other dining places were buffet style.

They took the elevator ("omg they have several elevators on a ship?" Chloe squeeled) to get to the floor where their room was.

As they entered their 2 person room, they took in the space, they instantly noticed that the bed was one kingsize bed for the two of them. They hadn't been able to choose their rooms as they got chosen for them, so they didn't know what they were gonna get beforehand.

Luna secretly liked the idea she was gonna be sleeping in the same bed as Chloe, they were best friends after all, so that's normal right? Right? she didn't think too long about that last part.

Chloe also didn't mind she said, "which side of the bed do you pick?" she added. They quickly agreed that Luna was taking the left side close to the window and Chloe the right side close to the exit and bathroom.

So the plan was that they would go to the toilet and take a shower before unpacking and going to explore the ship. But as they started to take in the room they had noticed a serious problem in their plan. They noticed the toilet was separated from the bathroom but what was worse is that... it was closed. It had it's own red/green light above the door which was now on red.

There was a pamflet on their desk with additional "room rules"

Luna started reading the pamflet out loud so Chloe could hear it as well.

###

Symphony of the Seas, room rules and info:

- All rooms are equipped with the self cleaning and super absorbent material from "NoLiQ"

This includes: The carpet, couch and bed/mattress.

- The toilet will be locked during the day, it will unlock somewhere in the late evening throughout the night until the morning to be locked again for the rest of the day.

- There's an onboard washing service besides the bed sheets, you can also put your clothes in the bin (Luna could see a bin with a lid on in the bathroom) the clothes will get picked up, washed and returned the day after. All included in the service.

- There's another utility in the room, a new prototype from NoLiQ solutions.

Instructions: Put your shoes in to clean and dry within a few minutes to half an hour! (Luna already wondered what the microwave ish thing was that she saw standing in the bathroom as well)

###

"Ok so... it doesn't say we can't pee while showering right?" Chloe remarked, "Oh come on, don't tell me you never pee in the shower" they both giggled.

Luna confirmed that it didn't say in the pamflet that it wasn't allowed.

Luna said she could wait to shower and that Chloe could go first.

"Are you sure? You looked pretty desperate a few minutes ago when we entered." Chloe pointed out.

Luna reassured her she would be fine and that Chloe could take her time in the shower, she had a bit of a plan that she came up with while reading the pamflet. You see, she was gonna have a few minutes for herself while Chloe would shower. And Chloe was correct, she was bursting to pee but she hid that fact as best as she could.

Chloe picked out some clothes to change into, took her toilet bag and went into the bathroom.

During the day a lot had happened, and Luna had seen and experienced a lot during the train ride. She had felt turned on multiple times seeing others wet themselves. Well, even thought she didn't want to acknowledge it, it was Chloe her wettings that was mostly the reason she got turned on but still. Also her own wettings had made her horny, but she felt all that was still in her system. And she really needed to pee but she had seen a chance to do something she had wanted to do since she was little. Just thinking about it already made her turned on again.

When Luna could hear the lock close, she came into action. She walked over to her side of the kingsize bed, took the blanket off partially and sat down with her legs spread wide on the bed, sitting on her skirt and still wearing her school outfit with damp panties and leggings as she was overthinking the plan again. Her heart was beating rapidly. When she could hear Chloe turn on the shower, she made up her mind. "fuck it" she thought.

She pressed her hand against her damp crotch under her skirt, relaxed and pushed. She felt a spurt go in her panties and felt the wetness on her fingers, she let out another longer spurt and to her delight she could feel her crotch warm up again. She leaned back and let herself fall flat on her back on the bed now, "last chance to stop" she thought. But instead she fully relaxed and she started rubbing her pussy trough her leggings as she felt a stream of hot pee enter her pants and stream trough her fingers downwards into her skirt, she could feel her butt get wet and heat up as she could notice her skirt was getting soaked. But she didn't stop as she was getting even more turned on now.

As she was alone in the room, for now at least. She couldn't resist the temptation and shove her hand in her panties and started rubbing her clit while she kept spraying piss in her panties and on her hand. She was struggling to hold back her moans as she was in total bliss, while she could feel the warmth wetness spread under her she could feel that she was gonna reach the biggest orgasm she had ever had in just a few seconds.

She inserted two fingers in her vagina making her stop her own stream. She fingered herself hard and in just a few seconds she could feel herself starting to squirt against her hand as she felt waves of pure pleasure course trough her. She grabbed her pillow from the bed and pressed her face into it, a second later she climaxed and spasms went trough her whole body. She moaned loudly into the pillow as she felt her panties getting soaked even more now, meanwhile her orgasm lasted a lot longer than she's used to. Her mind went blank as she could feel how her juices were still gushing in her panties and started running down her butt.

She was in pure bliss until finally, her orgasm started to subside and her spasms started to become less. Holy shit she thought, she could feel the last few squirts going into her panties as she slowly came back to her senses, she could feel how her pee was further soaking into the mattress as she could suddenly hear Chloe shut off the water in the shower.

_____________________________________________

Chloe was sure she had heard something while showering, not sure what it was though. She opened the door of the bathroom, and to her surprise, Luna standing in front of her. Her face bright red and with her toilet bag and fresh clothes in hand.

"Did you um... have a good shower?" Luna stammered

"Um... yea, i guess it's your turn now?" Chloe replied slightly confused with what was going on with Luna.

Luna quickly passed around Chloe while turning around and walking backwards into the bathroom, "see you in a bit" Luna said.

Ok now that was weird thought Chloe.

____________________________________________

With a big exhale she locked the door, that was close but Luna was pretty sure she got away with it. Her hands and legs were still shaking a bit from earlier.

She inspected herself in the mirror and saw a huge wet patch on the back of her skirt, all the way from the hem to the top, she also noticed the back of her shirt and blouse got wet with pee as well.

Now that she had regained her composure her bladder send out a signal that it wanted the rest to release, somehow she was still turned on as well.

She removed her clothes except for shirt and leggings and went into the shower, she shove her hand in her panties once more and released a hot stream of pee going trough her fingers as she started to rub her pussy once more.

She could feel streaks of pee were going down her legs, "round 2" she thought.

*026*2022-11-19 19:17

I also made some edits on the previous chapters, fixed some typos and other mistakes i hadn't realised.

Enjoy chapter 6!

###

Luna woke up in the morning, checked her phone and let out a yawn while stretching herself.

She turned around and was greeted with a still sleeping Chloe next to her, she smiled when she saw her mouth hanging half open with some drool hanging out of her mouth.

She looked cute while sleeping Luna thought. Her thoughts went back to yesterday and everything that had happened, after her very eventfull and enjoyable shower they had both gotten dressed and started exploring the ship and everything it had to offer.

They went to take a look at several of the food establishments, they also couldn't resist getting some ice cream... and then some waffles (Chloe said she couldn't resist) and then some more foreign streetfood (Again Chloe couldn't resist) for dinner they went to one of the restaurants with a buffet which was included in the price, it had cuisines from several different countries and while Luna wanted to try every single one of them she knew she wasn't gonna be able to eat that much sadly, but she'll be back later on in the cruise to try the rest. Chloe however was stubborn and tried anyway, Luna was impressed with how much she actually could eat though.

"Lets make a deal." Chloe said as she finished one of her plates and started munching on a different type of food.

"A deal? what kind of deal?" Luna asked while munching on her own food.

"When this cruise ends and the ship docks, you're gonna have to do something for me" Chloe said with a playfull grin on her face.

"hmm, sure i guess, but what?" Luna responded.

Chloe swallowed and paused for a moment to say "You'll have to help me roll off the ship because i'll be so fat i won't be able to walk no more!"

Luna came close to spraying food all over the table as she bursted out in laughter.

After finishing their meal they went on their way again.

Over time they had noticed that the drug did have another effect on their bladder though, making it more unpredictable. Sometimes their need to pee would start to build slowly, but just when you started thinking you might start looking for a toilet your bladder would start to fill a lot quicker, making you have to go in literally a few minutes before having an accident. This did make them worry a few times to find a toilet in time but luckily enough, the first one they found was always open. Luna found this odd, as she started to feel all toilets were always open. Chloe also confirmed this suspicion, but for how long would they stay open?

They met up with some of the others of their class and got a few drinks in one of the bars on the deck. They had a great time together on the ship and fully satisfied they had gone back to their room to get a good nights rest.

Luna's bed was nice and comfy she thought, but yet she didn't have a great nights rest. She often woke up needing to pee to get up to go to the toilet and try to get back to sleep, and of course same was for Chloe, meaning she would sometimes wake up from her going to the toilet as well. But with everytime that Luna woke up she got more and more interested in the idea of simply staying in her warm and cozy bed to slowly relax and let her pee soak in the mattress and her sheets . With all that had happened yesterday her interest around her little fantasy had greatly expanded. And of course bedwetting had always been a part of that, she never had the guts to actually do it however.

While yesterday she technically did wet her bed and luckily Chloe never found out, she had put the blanket over the wet spot and as she had predicted, this NoLiQ branded mattresses were just as good as their train seat counterparts. By the evening she didn't notice a single sign from her little(big) wet adventure. She had no intentions to wet a bed she's sharing while Chloe is laying in it, what would she think of her? The idea made her shiver about the embarrassment she would feel if Chloe found out.

Luna snapped out of her thoughts, she quickly looked away from Chloe as she noticed she was waking up and she realised she had been staring at her all this time.

"Morning sunshine" said Chloe sleepily

"Morning, devourer of buffets" Luna said jokingly, she dodged Chloe's pillow flying at her head a second later.

Luna felt happy, knowing she would spend another day with Chloe on this fantastic ship.

They decided they would test the wide choice of swimming pools and hottubs today, so Both wore their bikini's under their clothes as they left their room looking for some breakfast.

Several of the food establishments were now equipped for breakfast, as they arrived in the main restaurant they were taken aback with how big it actually was, so many people and to be honest it was a little bit noisy. There were two buffets on each side of the big space which pretty much contained everything you would ever imagine for breakfast. Also the sheer amounts of food was impressive Luna thought.

"Okay now" Smirked Luna "Please let some food over for the other people this time"

A slightly evil grin came over Chloe's face as she looked back at Luna.

They enjoyed their food and left to further explore the ship, they didn't really have a plan on what to do next so they would just go wherever they felt like, it was too early for swimming anyway they felt.

They went to check out the spa and on their way there their bladders were starting to fill up after the drinks they had at the breakfast, so they were starting to look out for a toilet. Although they quickly noticed a new trend. However they had passed several toilets on their way to the spa and well.. they were all closed so far, they both really needed relieve by the time they arrived at the entrance for the spa.

"So um... any plans?" Luna asked, "I think we got too comfortable yesterday, were gonna piss ourselves at this rate aren't we?"

Chloe said in an unconvincing manner "Hold up, i actually kind of have an idea. 'Accidents are allowed' she recited the rule, if we go in the spa and into a sauna or something we can enter in bikini, we'll at least won't wet our clothes."

"Genius" Luna said, it wasn't allowed to walk around inside the ship in swimsuits where you don't actually need it. (This is to keep people from walking all over the ship and in restaurants in swimsuits) And in the spa it's obviously allowed. although she was starting to get get aroused by the idea of having an accident in the near future.

As their desperation was starting to reach dangerous levels they bolted inside and took off their clothes as fast as possible, they went in and there were several signs pointing into different things they could choose from.

"Choose something! i'm literally gonna piss myself any second now" Chloe said panicking,

With her hand in her crotch doing a pee dance Luna shouted "Steambath!"

Chloe darted away heading for the steambath's with Luna right behind her, they found the entrances, picked one at random that seemed empty and barged in. Just as they entered Luna could see droplets going down on Chloe her legs, seeing Chloe starting to wet herself made it even harder for herself to hold it now. Suddenly they got hit by the hot and very moist air inside the room, this was too much for Luna as she could feel herself losing control and a spurt went into her bikini pants which she immediately felt going down her legs.

Chloe however, had completely lost control, pee was running down her legs while some was also splattering on the ground straight from her crotch while she was standing in the middle of the room.

With the combination of everything, the sudden moist air, her overly full bladder and Chloe standing in front of her pissing herself while it was loudly splattering on the ground. She further lost control as she felt another spurt go in her bikini, she was trying to hold with her hand against her crotch. On top of all that she was getting aroused seeing Chloe peeing herself in front of her. Her hand felt wetness as another bigger spurt escaped. But with the view of Chloe standing in her quickly expanding puddle Luna finally gave in. She felt her piss spraying trough her bikini and in her hand as she finally released, some was running down her legs but most she could hear and feel splattering below her.

Embarrassment and panic changed into ecstatic relieve for both of the girls as they were fully wetting their bikini's, after more than a minute later their streams finally subsided and stopped.

Their puddles were huge, they had spread and connected into one big puddle halfway trough their accidents.

*ahem*

Luna glanced to the side where the sound came from and to her absolute horror... she saw a man and woman sitting in the corner of the room which they hadn't seen when entering, probably somewhere in their late 20s. Luna felt her heart sink through the floor from embarrassment.

Chloe opened her mouth but was too shocked to say anything

"We're so sorry!" Luna stammered

To both their surprises the couple just burst out in laughter...

Luna and Chloe were standing awkwardly and confused in their combined puddle waiting for the couple to regain their composure, when they finally did they just casually explained.

"It's too funny because we did exactly the same like 15 minutes ago, we came in, pissed ourselves and there was a family in here with a little boy and the women went full karen on us, anyway they immediately left after going on a rant."

The couple reassured them their accident was fine, after Chloe and Luna regained their composure and calmed down they took a seat and started to enjoy their spa. Relieved they weren't in trouble they happily started to chat with the couple. It seemed they had a very similar experience than them, yesterday they hadn't had any problems finding toilets but today it was a different story. This did make them come up with an idea however, which they started to explain to Luna and Chloe:

"We're just gonna enjoy the cruise, i mean, have you seen this ship?"

(Chloe and Luna nodded) as the woman continued "If we need to pee we'll look for a toilet, if we can't find one and we get really desperate it is what it is and we'll wet ourselves."

The man then continued "No need to be embarrassed right? I feel like a lot of people will have accidents anyway, so why not enjoy the cruise instead of worrying so much?"

"I agree actually, you can always go to your room later and switch clothes whenever you want anyway" Chloe chimed in, "depending how far you're from it at least"

"Exactly" the couple and Luna agreed.

Luna's thoughts started racing, Chloe had just agreed with the couple's plan to accept imminent accidents and just let it happen if they couldn't immediately find a toilet. This was big for her, as she wanted to have some more accidents herself, preferably with Chloe but she was very shy still.

The problem was also that there were people everywhere it seemed, she's still way too shy to openly let go in her pants in public she thought.

After a while the other couple said they were gonna move on to see other stuff,

"But first, um... do you guys mind if.. we...? you know."

"Huh?" Said Luna in a confused tone

"Oh it's okay, we don't mind go ahead" Chloe quickly said, ignoring Luna's confusion while she knew what was going on.

The couple stood up and as they both spread their feet apart Luna suddenly realised what they were talking about, a couple of seconds later both started peeing through their swimsuits making the room fill with splattering noises once again. They made a new puddle without much sign of embarrassment, they finished and both said their goodbyes and left. Luna admired and was slightly envious how casually they had wet themselves in front of them.

"What do you think about their plan?" Luna asked, "I'm to shy to actually wet myself in public, besides that, i do feel like they make a good point"

"I agree with being too shy" Chloe said, "Like, some people probably won't leave their room all that much because they're scared of having an accident, but they'll miss out on all the good stuff. It's unheard of and weird but they actually have a point."

They explored the spa some more, tried the hottub as last.

Both were carefree relaxing in the hottub while sipping a drink.

"Want to go check out something else in a bit? Also i'm getting hungry." Chloe said with her eyes closed relaxing.

"Sure, want to check out the mexican restaurant? They had really good looking burritos"

"Oh you bet, i love burrito"

"Before we leave though, i need to pee again." Luna admitted shyly, She waited to see how Chloe would respond as she wanted to know what Chloe would think of peeing in the hottub.

Chloe didn't respond for a few seconds, still with her eyes closed, but suddenly "Aahh that does feel good, i needed to pee as well thanks for reminding me"

They both giggled a bit until Luna relaxed and added her pee to the hottub as well.

_________________________________

After dinner they were gonna meet up with some of their classmates who had texted them to tell them they were at one of the swimming pools on deck, it's one of the big ones that had hottubs on the side, bars around the pool and even one in the middle of the pool which was really cool thought Luna.

As they were headed towards the pool they were again getting pretty desperate, they immediately removed their clothes and put it with the rest of their friends when they arrived at the pool. They had asked to bring some drinks from the bar as well so they were both squirming a bit while waiting for the drinks, Luna took the first few and speed walked to the hottub they were sitting in. It must've been pretty obvious the way she walked she was pretty desperate at this point, as she arrived she realised there was only one spot left. She quickly jumped in, passed the drinks to the others, sad down and tried her best to look normal while she fully relaxed and released her full bladder.

Vicky chuckled, "haha, you're so peeing right now aren't you?"

Luna felt her cheeks get red, "Um... no, why do you think that?" she lied.

"It's pretty obvious not gonna lie." Selena added while smirking.

"It's fine, everyone is pissing in here, these pools and hottubs all have a new type of chlorine that deals better with urine anyway, and apparently it's simply allowed to pee in here" Liv shrugged

While still peeing Luna changed the subject, "Chloe can be here any second with the other drinks" her stream finally started to subside after over a minute.

"Oh i was already wondering where your girlfriend was" Peyton mentioned

Luna was shocked, "huh, excuse me?"

"I'm just kidding, chill" Peyton joked.

"Coming trough with drinks, move move" Chloe came speedwalking.

She jumped in the hottub, spread out the remaining drinks, as Luna was thinking of where Chloe could sit she found out Chloe had already decided.

She plunged down on Luna's lap, while sitting sideways so she could also look at Luna,

"do you mind if i use your lap?" Chloe said with a big smile on her face.

A bit flustered of being this close to her, "u-um no, it's fine"

Luna could suddenly feel something on her leg, a slight stream of warmth.

"Chloe are you peeing on my lap?!"

Chloe had the most blank expression ever on her face as she said in a squeeky voice,

"maybe?"

Everyone in the hottub burst out in laughter while Luna felt her face becoming bright red, she couldn't think of anything to say at this point as she felt herself getting incredibly turned on knowing her friend was peeing on her lap. Luna was so confused about the fact that she was enjoying this even though she shouldn't, she only ever felt that way with Chloe though. She was starting to relish this feeling and was getting fluttering feelings in her stomach as she could still feel Chloe's stream on her lap meaning she was still very much peeing on her.

"I'm almost done" Chloe said apologetic

Everyone laughed even harder as they realised she was still peeing on Luna's lap.

She could finally feel her stream subside. Luna sighed, trying to calm herself as her head was spinning with so many emotions going through her right now.

Chloe must've thought she was really angry when she saw the expression on her face as she started to apologize profusely.

"I'm really sorry i really couldn't hold it anymore, please forgive me, i was hoping you wouldn't notice it to be honest, but you see there weren't any spots left anymore and i just couldn't..." Chloe started to get tears in the corners of her eyes Luna noticed, she felt really bad.

She finally regained her composure somewhat "It's fine, i'm not mad, were in the water anyway. And still, for some reason i simply cannot get mad at you no matter what." Luna smiled at that last part.

Luna could tell a huge load dropped off her shoulders.

________________________________

Meanwhile in the pool right next to the hottub was sitting a family with a little boy in between his mom and dad, they had just overheard how they mentioned they were freely peeing into the water.

"Repulsive! What do they think they're doing? This is unacceptable!! I'll speak to the manager about this!" The Karen went on a rant while little Timmy in the middle was simply wondering how it was possible they were sitting in the pool for at least a full hour already and his parents hadn't showed a sign of needing the toilet, before coming to the pool they would have to find a toilet every half hour.

"These disgusting girls should take an example of our Timmy here, he would never pee in the pool like that" the karen continued, while Timmy was blushing because he had just peed in the pool five minutes ago, for the 3rd time since entering the pool.

__________________________________

Their group had noticed the karen going on a rant about them, Luna just recognized she was the karen from yesterday at the service desk as suddenly Vicky stood up and talked back loudly (Luna just noticed now they must have been drinking for a while before they arrived as they seemed a bit buzzed)

"Please tell me how you and little Timmy there haven't peed in the pool yet while you've been sitting there longer than us, explain that!"

"Because in comparison to you we have common decency!" the karen yelled back

"Gimme a break!" She flipped off the karen, she continued in a casual tone "talking about peeing, actually i kind of have to go"

She still stood upright in the hottub as she spread her feet apart and instantaneously started peeing trough her bikini, a clear stream was falling down and hitting the water making splattering noises.

"ugh, REVOLTING, don't look Timmy, she's disgusting!" the Karen went on.

While everyone in the hottub burst out laughing again, they were getting tears in their eyes by now as now also some people outside their group in the pool and on the side started to laugh as well. Although a few were also disgusted by Vicky her actions and sided with the karen it seemed.

Still mid stream Vicky lowered herself back down in the hottub, while the karen was still blowing steam.

"You should get kicked off of the ship you disgusting human being."

Suddenly they heard someone with a deep and rumbling voice,

"You know there's plenty of other places you could go on this ship right?" As a massive bald black man stood up from the pool a bit further away, Luna had no idea he was that big while he was sitting in the water. He must have been 1m90 at least, all muscles with an athletic body.

He slowly walked towards the karen as he continued, "You see, i hate people like you, talking about decency while ironically you have none"

He now stood in front of the karen and her family, he could probably just pick up the karen and throw her out of the pool if he wanted to, Luna thought. From the expression on the karens face she probably came to the same conclusion.

"Come on, explain to me how in the last hour or so you haven't been out of the pool but have the audacity to go on a rant about someone else pissing in the water." The karen's family quickly went out of the pool dragging little Timmy with her. "Let people enjoy their cruise and go be annoying somewhere else" The man ended his lecture and turned around and went back sitting with who must've been his wife or girlfriend.

Peyton whispered just loud enough that everyone in their hottub could hear it, "I would so let him fuck me" With the others giggling

Eventually the whole thing calmed down and they changed the subject, meanwhile one of their other classmates got out of the hottub wich made room for Chloe to get her own place to sit.

They started talking about boys, and as the other girls started to gossip Luna felt herself a bit excluded for the first time. She had dated a boy before about a year ago (just before she had met Chloe) and while she had no bad memories of it, afterwards she kind of felt that she did that because her other classmates and friends were dating and she wanted to feel like she belonged.

But while her classmates were chatting about dates, Luna couldn't help herself letting her mind wander off to Chloe, who was now sitting diagonally across from her.

No matter where she went, or what she did, if Chloe was with her they always had a good time. No matter how boring the class or event was they were at, as long as she was with her she always felt content.

About a month earlier they had to make their final big project for school individually, but by her own stupid mistake she had lost all her work for it. Luna had given up all hope for it and was gonna have to accept the consequences for her mistake which would probably result in a big hit on her school report, in worst case even failing her entire year. But Chloe refused to give up and stayed up with her all night at her house, remaking all the stuff she had lost. It was far from perfect but when she told the full story to her teacher she went easy on her and in the end it all worked out and she had a good enough rate. All thanks to Chloe of course. Ever since then she had a bit of a weak spot for her and she had never been able to repay her for that.

She had always thought she was straight. But with everything that she had went through with Chloe lately, Luna was starting to come to terms that her friendship with Chloe might mean more to her than just being friends, she had chosen to ignore her feelings all this time. But she already knew this longer than she wanted to acknowledge. She has no idea how to deal with her feelings however. However, she did know that she wanted to get closer to Chloe during this trip and learn more about her.

After a while they all got out of the pool and got dressed as it was getting late, (they had brought along their evening clothes so they could change out of their bikini's) They hung out around the bars when it was getting dark outside, having fun playing all sorts of games while having drinks. Luna could feel herself getting drunk by now even though she was frequently drinking coke and water in between the cocktails. Another thing she started to notice however is that the combination of the many drinks, alcohol and the experimental drug were having a serious effect on her bladder, every 15 minutes or so she had to leap to the toilet, thankfully there were plenty of toilets around the bar areas, and so far their lights were all on green.

Luna excused herself once more, to go find a toilet were the line wasn't too long, which was slowly becoming a problem she noticed, even with all the toilets open at the moment.

Some of the others followed her as well, finally they found one that didn't have a long line. And just as they left to go back to the others they noticed the green light switching to red. People complained and wined who were waiting in line and bolted away looking for another toilet that was open.

She, Chloe, Liv and Peyton made it back to the others while she noticed chaos was starting to erupt on the deck's bar area.

Minutes went by as they came to the conclusion that seemingly all toilets in the area had gone from green to red simultaneously...

"I swear they're doing this on purpose" Luna said,

"Our room is on the other side of the ship" Chloe said, "we better get going, now!"

