Excerpts from “Omorashi Academy”

Author: ultimatedorkboy

*000*2013-10-20 20:52

Hey everybody,

I’m back with another story, well more like a few “excerpts” or small parts.

First off, this is NOT my own story. I found it off a website called BDSM Library. The author of this story is Gary Mendor so the credit goes to him.

Second, I found this story a few years back so I thought it was about time that I share it with you guys.

So here's the synopsis of this story according to BDSM Library.

Synopsis: Tales of a boarding school designed to break young women and turn them into twisted perverts. The signature technique used by the school to warp its victims is to force them to break their toilet-training - thus the school's nickname, from the Japanese word for 'bathroom accident'.

Now for some disclaimers:

1. The story has three chapters. Though, I'm only going to post the wetting scenes from two chapters. The rest of this story involves crapping and sex as well (Really gross stuff and big fat turnoffs IMO) so I will not be posting those. Just be warned that the chapters are abruptly cut off at the end because they lead into the nasty parts.

2. One of the girls who wets herself in this story in the eighth grade so if you that doesn’t sit well with you, don’t read this story.

In any case, enjoy the wetting parts of this story!

###

Chapter 1: The First Day

"Kimiko! Sit still!" barked Mr. Johnson, glaring at the new student from over the tops of his spectacles. Kimiko wilted under the attention, and tried to stop rubbing her legs together, whimpering softly.

It's not fair , thought Kimiko, her face pale as she clutched at the edge of her skirt. He already said no to a hall pass, and now he's yelling at me for trying to hold it? She glanced at the clock, and groaned inwardly. Forty- five minutes to go...

It was two weeks since Kimiko Saeki's mother had decided to send her away to the Alderson Institute, a secluded but well-regarded boarding school - at least, according to the literature they'd received in the mail. The elder Saeki hadn't investigated much further - after all, the reason she was sending her daughter to boarding school in the first place was that she hadn't the time to take proper care of Kimiko. Perhaps a closer look would've warned Kimiko's mother that something was amiss about the Institute. And then again, perhaps not - the Institute was well-practiced at hiding its true nature from casual observation.

Certainly neither Kimiko nor her mother had noticed anything unusual when the girl was moving in; the facilities and rooms were quiet, and the staff polite and friendly. As an incoming eighth-grader, Kimiko had been assigned a senior as a roommate; Bridget was a leggy blonde with a cheerful disposition and a twinkle in her eye.

Kimiko Saeki herself was quite pretty - or at least, that's what her mother had always told her. And, well, it was true. She was a petite young half-Japanese girl, just beginning to bloom into womanhood - she'd gotten her first bra over the summer, and was very proud of the fact that she'd finally started to develop. She kept her straight black hair cropped in a short pageboy cut, with a blue ribbon tied in it.

One of the first things Kimiko had noticed was that there wasn't much time between classes; three minutes was barely enough time to get from one class to the next. She hadn't even really noticed this until just before third period, when she realized her bladder was starting to get a little full, and the line to the restroom looked a little long.

Just before fourth period, she'd waited a full minute in the line before she had to rush to class with an achingly full bladder - and Mr. Johnson had refused to give her a hall pass, saying that "You should've taken care of yourself between classes. You're expected to be a grown-up in this school."

So now Kimiko was stuck - sitting in an interminable lecture, her need to pee inexorably growing every moment. She'd tried to catch Mr. Johnson's eye, to ask again, but his expression was formidable and unsympathetic. She squirmed in her seat again, trying to control her bladder, only to freeze again at another glare from the teacher.

Thirty minutes to go now, and Kimiko simply couldn't sit still any longer - she was constantly shifting her slender hips on the hard wood of the chair, her thighs crossing one over the other, her hand pressing into her crotch to hold her aching bladder. Mr. Johnson, seeing this, snapped, "Stop that this instant, young lady! Either sit still, or you can stand in the corner in front of the class!"

"Y-yes, Mr. Johnson," squeaked Kimiko, as she tried to straighten up in her seat... and then her face went pale with shock. She slammed her knees tight together, but it was no use - she could feel the hot wetness soaking into the crotch of her panties and spreading down her bottom.

Seconds later, the entire class was mumbling to one another and staring at Kimiko - or more accurately, at the fragrant yellow cascade pouring from the back of her chair and spreading in a puddle beneath her desk. Her eyes tight shut and her face blushing to the roots of her short black hair, Kimiko was helpless to do anything but sit there and wet herself in front of everyone.

Mr. Johnson watched impassively, waiting until the flood had slowed to a slow trickle, and then a drip. "Are you quite finished, Kimiko?" he asked, his tone cold and sarcastic. Starting slightly in her chair, Kimiko swallowed, and then nodded mutely, tears of shame beginning to form in her eyes.

"Good," said the teacher. "Now come up to the front of the classroom and stand in the corner. I will not tolerate a student who has no self-control!"

"But sir," protested the shame-faced Kimiko, "I couldn't help-"

"Silence!" roared Mr. Johnson. "I will not tolerate excuses either! Now on your feet, little girl!"

Stifling a response, Kimiko nodded, sniffling softly. She got up, and walked past the snickering and muttering students on either side of her, feeling the tears begin to start - and also feeling the way that the back of her school skirt, which she'd been sitting on, was now clinging wetly to the backs of her thighs, and the way her sodden underwear was quickly growing cold and clammy.

By the time she reached the corner, she was sobbing in shame and humiliation, and was more than happy to face the corner so that she didn't have to look at the faces of her fellow students - even if that meant that the piss-soaked patch on the back of her skirt was plainly displayed for all to see, as well as the tiny rivulets of urine that were running down the backs of her thighs from her saturated panties and being absorbed by her socks.

The next half hour seemed to take an eternity, as Kimiko stood there in her peed panties - but finally the bell rang and the students began to file out, a janitor pushing past them and heading toward the puddle under Kimiko's desk. Kimiko turned to Mr. Johnson, and asked timidly, "Sir, can I please have a late pass to my next class?"

"Certainly not! What makes you think you need one?"

"I, uh, I need to change my panties... and my skirt-"

"Nonsense! If you pee in your panties like a little girl, it's your own fault. Which reminds me..." He scribbled on a notepad and handed it to her. "I'll expect to see you after school for an hour detention for disrupting my class."

"B-but sir!" Kimiko wailed, shifting her weight uncomfortably. "I'll have to go the whole day with-"

"Are you going to stand here and argue with me, young lady, or are you going to get to your next class?"

Kimiko's lower lip trembled, but she mutely accepted the detention slip and filed out of the classroom, whimpering as her soggy panties shifted and clung to her rump. The syllabus had been very clear that tardiness was unacceptable, and she'd already gotten one detention on her very first day - she was in dread of what might happen to her if she committed another offense.

Catcalls followed Kimiko down the hall as she rushed to fifth period, and several students pointed at the wet patch on her skirt. Covering her face, she cried as she ran - in the shame and disgust over the urine-drenched panties clinging to her crotch, she completely failed to notice that a few other students were doing the same thing...

Kimiko tried to sneak into Mr. Jarvis' math class without anyone noticing her. Unfortunately, one of her classmates from Mr. Johnson's class was ready.

"Well, if it isn't Little Miss Kimmy Potty-pants!" jeered Brenda, a red-headed girl who looked about a year older than Kimiko - several inches taller and with bigger breasts. Brenda was also one of nature's bullies, and she'd already managed to assemble a small clique. As Brenda mocked her less fortunate (and wetter) fellow student, her cronies took up the cry. "Little Kimmy Potty-pants! Little Kimmy Potty-pants! Gonna pee for us some more, Little Kimmy Potty-pants?"

"Shut up!" whined Kimiko, her face reddening anew. "I couldn't help it! Leave me alone!" But her pleas only encouraged her tormentors, repeating their cruel chant until Kimiko was crying again, burying her face in her hands.

"Let's see Kimiko's potty pants!" exclaimed Brenda suddenly, and before Kimiko could react, she'd pulled the smaller girl's skirt up. Several other students, who'd just now been looking up to see what all the fuss was about, began to murmur or giggle as they got a good look at the girl's pee-stained panties. Most of them were repulsed and looked away, but a few - especially the boys - were ogling the girl's wet panties with the undisciplined lust of the young adolescent male.

"NO!" squealed Kimiko, now nearly in hysterics. "C-c-cut it out, or I, I, I'll tell!" She tried to tug her skirt away from Brenda's grasp, but the other girl was too strong for her, and so poor Kimiko's sodden underwear remained on display as Brenda continued the taunting. "Awww, poor widdle Kimiko went pee-pee in her panties! Sooo yucky! Does widdle baby Kimmy need a diaper? Oooh! I bet she's gonna go poo-poo in them too! Kimmy wanna poo her panties for us?"

Unable to do anything other than flail ineffectually at her tormentor, Kimiko was red uced to a blubbering bawling wreck - and then Brenda let go of the skirt and scuttled to her seat, suddenly the picture of studious innocence. As Kimiko's skirt mercifully fluttered back down over her shamefully soaked panties, she looked up just in time for Mr. Jarvis to walk into the room.

"Would you like to sit down, young lady, or do you want to remain standing the whole period?" said Mr. Jarvis sarcastically, evoking another brief storm of giggling at Kimiko's expense. Red-faced, humiliated, and teary-eyed, Kimiko could only stumble toward her desk, wincing as the cold wet cotton pressed into her rump.

Kimiko didn't learn much in the last three periods of the day - the discomfort and smell of her cold wet underwear, and the occasional taunting of her classmates, made it hard to concentrate on anything else. Three very wet and uncomfortable hours later, Kimiko was rushing back to Mr. Johnson's classroom as fast as she could despite the rumbling sensations in her tummy. The detention note had been quite clear - three minutes after seventh period, without fail.

NOTE: There's more to this chapter but it all goes downhill from here so here's the next wetting part!

###

Chapter 3: Dirty Mouths, Dirty Bottoms

It had been two days since Kimiko's humiliating punishments at the hands of her English teacher, Mr. Johnson. She was mild-mannered and obedient by nature anyway, and two days in a row of having to wet and soil her panties made her very determined to avoid any further punishment.

Other students weren't so well-behaved. Brenda, the girl who'd made fun of Kimiko for wetting her panties on Monday, had been chewed out yesterday by the biology teacher in second period for swearing in class and ordered to serve detention. The foul-tempered Brenda had seemed quite blasé about this punishment, especially given Ms. Itsuki's kindly and even-tempered attitude in class. You're just lucky you didn't do that in Mr. Johnson's class, Kimiko had thought to herself with furtive glee.

This morning, though, as Kimiko filed into the classroom, she noticed that Brenda was wearing a sullen expression, as well as a bright orange wristband. And when Brenda noticed the attention, she glared at Kimiko with sullen rage.

What's got into her? thought Kimiko, as she took her seat. It's not like I'm the one who made fun of her on Monday. She glanced again at Brenda, who was no longer looking in her direction - and noticed that Brenda was squirming slightly. Before she had much longer to think about this, though, Ms. Itsuki had arrived, and the lesson was beginning.

Kimiko dutifully took notes and read along in the textbook, and only gradually was she aware of a shuffling sound from the direction of Brenda's desk. Eventually, Kimiko's curiosity got the better of her, and she looked backward, bracing herself for Brenda's evil glare. But Brenda wasn't looking at her. Instead, her eyes were fixed with a venomous gaze on the teacher, and she was muttering under her breath, as she twined her long legs together, one knee bouncing over the other.

Kimiko, having suffered the same symptoms in Mr. Johnson's class on Monday, recognized them immediately. She has to go pee? thought Kimiko wonderingly. But it's only second period. Why didn't she go before class? And surely she could ask permission? I'm sure Ms. Itsuki isn't as mean as Mr. Johnson...

Even as she thought that, though, she saw Brenda's eyes squeeze shut, and the (relatively) busty redhead's body tensed up. Kimiko's eyes went wide and she bit her knuckle in shock, knowing what was going to happen next... and sure enough, a trickle of piss began to flood off the edge of Brenda's chair and patter to the floor.

Just as on the previous Monday, the class erupted in a chorus of muted murmurs as they turned as one to watch Brenda's shameful predicament. All except Kimiko, whose eyes turned toward the science teacher, wondering how she'd treat this indiscretion. To Kimiko's astonishment, though, the teacher said nothing at all, merely nodding and watching Brenda, as if in satisfaction.

Oh my god... that orange wristband... Ms. Itsuki put Brenda on toilet ban! thought Kimiko in shock, putting a hand to her mouth and turning in her seat again as Brenda continued to wet herself, her face twisted in an expression of helpless rage. Mr. Johnson had threatened Kimiko with that terrible punishment two days ago: a student under toilet ban had to go the whole day without the use of any toilet other than her own panties.

Up until now, Kimiko would have been quite happy to watch Brenda suffer that punishment, especially after Brenda had pulled up Kimiko's skirt on Monday and displayed her wet panties to the whole math class. But now, as Kimiko watched the hot urine spread in a puddle beneath Brenda's chair, she felt a pang of sympathy for the erstwhile bully. It's not fair, Kimiko thought. Even she shouldn't have to wet her panties as a, a punishment...

Finally, the flow of pee slowed and stopped, and Brenda turned her sullen glare upon the students watching her, as if promising terrible retribution if anyone dared to comment. As Brenda's gaze passed across Kimiko's wide-eyed face, though, some other unidentifiable expression flickered across Brenda's countenance - but it only lasted for a moment, replaced by an especially hostile stare and even a snarl.

Kimiko flinched back as if struck, and faced forward again. What did I do to her? Kimiko wondered. Well, I guess I was staring at her, but so was everyone else - why'd she look so angry at me? Even Ms. Itsuki didn't get that nasty a look... At which point Ms. Itsuki cleared her throat and got on with the lesson, leaving Brenda to marinate in the pungent odor of her own urine and Kimiko to look upon the biology teacher with newfound fear. She seemed so nice... how could she do that to anyone? Even Brenda... Another thought occurred to Kimiko. How come she peed herself so soon, anyway? It's only second period - I don't even feel a twinge...

"Fuck no, I'm not writing any goddamned sentences!" Brenda had snapped at Ms. Itsuki. "That's a, a kiddie punishment! I'm in high school now, I don't have to put up with that shit!"

"Apparently you still haven't learned your lesson, Brenda," said Ms. Itsuki, sighing. "So your punishment is going up to from two hundred to five hundred copies of 'I will not use swear words at the Alderson Institute'. You'd better get started - it's going to take you a while."

In a foul mood, Brenda sat down to writing, but had barely finished the first ten sentences when she threw down her pencil. "Fuck this! I'm outta here! Call me when you have a real punishment!"

"A real punishment, eh?" said Ms. Itsuki, and she leaned out to grab Brenda by the shoulder. "All right, here's a real punishment. Tomorrow, you are going to be on toilet ban."

"What's a toilet ban?" Brenda asked, confused. Ms. Itsuki explained.

"The whole day? And I have to do it in my panties if I can't hold it?!" exclaimed Brenda, now truly outraged. "Fuck that! What kind of fucking sicko are you? I'm not going on any fucking toilet ban, bitch!" exclaimed Brenda, shoving Ms. Itsuki backward.

Or at least that was the plan. Instead. Ms. Itsuki's hands flashed out like lightning and gripped Brenda's wrists in an iron grip. "Let go of me, you bitch!" frothed Brenda in frustration, struggling to free herself.

"You still haven't learned, have you, Brenda?" said Ms. Itsuki, her level voice still showing no signs of strain. For her slight build, the older woman was surprisingly strong. "You will serve a toilet ban, young lady... and because of this insubordination, it's going to be even worse."

"How can it be worse than a toilet ban?" shouted Brenda, beginning to grow fearful despite her bravado.

"Well, you could have two or three days of it, for one thing," replied Ms. Itsuki. "But instead we're going to do something a little different..."

It was time for English class with the dreaded Mr. Johnson. Kimiko tried not to look too directly at Brenda as she walked into the room, but even out of the corner of her eye, she could see that the redhead was walking funny, with her knees together and shuffling steps. She needs to pee again already? thought Kimiko in confusion. You'd think that she'd avoid the water fountains when she was on toilet ban...

Kimiko tried not to watch Brenda, knowing that the other girl was suffering enough already, but she couldn't help but hear the shuffling and squirming as Brenda struggled to control her bladder. "Goddammit, not now..." muttered Brenda under her breath. "Not in front of her, not again..."

Not in front of who? thought Kimiko to herself, confused. But Kimiko wasn't the only one who'd heard the outburst. "Please come up to the front of the class, Brenda," said Mr. Johnson, his eyes glinting with what Kimiko recognized as delighted lust.

"Whadda ya want now?" growled Brenda as she laboriously got up from her desk and tottered to the front of the classroom, one hand pressed to her crotch and her knees squeezed tightly together as the girl tried not to pee.

"I understand that you're on toilet ban at least partially for swearing, and yet I distinctly heard you swear yet again. Kindly raise your skirt and stand with your feet one foot apart, so that your fellow students can see what-"

"Raise my skirt?! Are you f- are you kidding me?" exclaimed Brenda. "Forget it!" And with that, she started to walk back toward her desk.

A hand gripped Brenda's free wrist. "I gave you an order, Brenda, and I will be obeyed," said Mr. Johnson, dragging her back to the front of the class. "And for disobeying me, you will serve a detention with me this afternoon. Now raise your skirt. Now."

Kimiko cringed in horror at this. Of the entire class, she alone knew what a Mr. Johnson detention meant, and it was more than just soiled panties. No... please don't do that to her, Mr. Johnson... she's suffered enough... thought Kimiko to herself, but she didn't dare say it, for fear that she'd join Brenda in Mr. Johnson's depraved detention hall.

Instead, Kimiko watched, white-faced, as Brenda reluctantly lifted the hem of her skirt above her waist, displaying the white cotton panties of the Alderson Institute and the damp yellow stain from her earlier wetting in biology class. And then, the crotch of Brenda's panties suddenly overflowed with piss, as the girl's overtaxed bladder once again began to relieve itself against her will.

And so Brenda stood there, holding her skirt up, trembling and red-faced with anger and embarrassment as she helplessly peed her panties in front of the entire class, while Mr. Johnson said, "This, my students, is what happens to disobedient young ladies. If a little girl has a dirty mouth, she'll have a dirty bottom too." She winced as she felt the piss run down her legs and begin to soak into her socks, and groaned as she heard some of the boys whistle at her. And she cringed as the girls who she'd thought were her friends, the same ones who'd helped her mock Kimiko for her accident on Monday, where among the loudest to snicker and point as Brenda was forced to wet herself in front of everyone.

As Brenda finally managed to stop urinating in her panties, and the flood of pee slowed to a drip from Brenda's soaked crotch to the puddle below, Mr. Johnson said, "All right. Now, class, please turn to page thirty-eight - Brenda, I did not dismiss you, please remain with your skirt up - and read the poem halfway down the page."

Brenda, who'd been preparing to flee to the relative safety of her desk, gasped in dismay, but reluctantly lifted up her skirt, her glare passing around the room. Once again, Brenda's eyes fell on Kimiko with particular viciousness, and Kimiko blushed and averted her eyes.

Brenda had to stand there in her own puddle for ten minutes, trembling with humilation, her nose wrinkling from the pungent smell of piss, her teeth clenched in frustration as the other students were allowed to ogle her sodden panties as much as they wanted. Finally Mr. Johnson said, "Please return to your seat, Brenda," and she nearly ran back to her desk, her piss-drenched socks squelching and urine splashing out of the sides of her shoes, and she barricaded herself behind her textbook. Kimiko wasn't sure, but she thought she heard a sniffle. Well, I know I'd be crying if I'd had to show off my panties to everyone while I peed in them, thought Kimiko, but Brenda? Surely Brenda wouldn't cry...

NOTE: Once again, there's more to this chapter but it all goes to hell from here.

Well, I hope you guys enjoyed this story and I apologize for the abrupt cutoffs.

For those of you interested in reading the full story, here's the link:

Be warned though that the full story contains some nasty sex and crapping parts (which mainly involves the eighth grade girl just to let you know). So read at your own risk!

Explicit Content

%http://www.bdsmlibrary.com/stories/wholestory.php?storyid=3374

FYI, I only the wetting parts of this story. The crapping and sex parts are just mother freaking sick!

