Grocery Shopping

Author: specialflakes

*000*2016-05-15 22:41

Wow. I can’t believe I haven’t posted anything here in over 3 years. This is kind of nerve-wracking. Anyway, I recently re-discovered my love of omorashi, so I wrote this little story. I am a little rusty since I haven’t written omo in ages, but I hope you guys like it. Enjoy!

***

Maya hated grocery shopping. She would have much rather preferred to spend her Saturday afternoon at home reading a book or watching a movie, but her mom had once again given her the responsibility of getting the groceries while she and her husband went out for the day. She insisted it was to push Maya out of her comfort zone, but Maya suspected her mom really made her do it to get another tedious chore off her back. In any case, she was right about the comfort zone thing. Maya, sixteen years old and a sophomore in high school, had struggled with confidence and self-esteem issues ever since she was a kid, thanks to her anxiety.

She was quite lonely and would usually stay home most weekends, while her older sister partied all week long. She always dreaded having to get the groceries; she hated being in the crowded supermarket, having to make small talk with the cashier, and always being paranoid that someone she knew would see her there. She had been putting it off all afternoon, but the sun was starting to go down, so she knew she couldn’t stall it any longer. She looked over the shopping list one last time, grabbed the money her mom had left for her, took a deep breath, and left the house, locking the door behind her.

The supermarket was only a few blocks from her house, and it was a nice day—sunny and warm with just a light breeze—so at least she could enjoy the walk. She was dressed for the weather—red shirt, jean capris, and white keds. Although she was on the skinny side, she usually wore loose tops to hide her bosom, since she felt uncomfortable when guys stared at her breasts. Overall she was quite an attractive girl, with long honey blond hair and big green eyes, and she looked even more beautiful glowing under the sunlight.

She crossed the street, rounded the corner, and felt her heart pounding as she saw the supermarket ahead, in all its intimidating glory. Feeling short of breath, she immediately turned around and started walking back. She stopped and shook her head. No. She was not backing out now. Not this time. She wiped the sweat off her brow, bit her lip, and headed back towards the supermarket.

Suddenly, she felt a twinge from her bladder. She had to pee. Either because she was nervous, or because she’d drank too much water that day, she wasn’t sure. Either way, though, she didn’t want to have another layer of discomfort to deal with, so she decided she would relieve herself in the bathroom once she got inside the store. She shut her eyes, inhaled deeply, and walked through the supermarket doors.

The store was big and noisy and chaotic, boasting bright, bold, explosive colours and blaring loud, annoying music over the speakers, the same songs and jingles you would hear on the radio a thousand times. People were bustling in and out, pushing carts in all directions. There didn’t seem to be a single area that wasn’t crowded. It was an air-conditioned madness. Maya could already feel the anxiety swirling in her stomach. She didn’t know how she was going to get through this.

Well, first things first, she thought. I need to find a bathroom.

She walked to the far end of the supermarket where the washrooms were, trying to look at the ground so as not to draw attention to herself. Her urge to pee was now slightly more intrusive, and she walked in short, quick steps, her legs brushing against each other. She made it to the washrooms, but realized in dismay that there was a handwritten sign posted on the door of the ladies room:

BATHROOM OUT OF ORDER. SORRY :(

Shit. Maya felt sweat trailing down her neck. She tried to think of what to do. She could go back home, use the bathroom and then come back, but she didn’t want to make two trips from the supermarket to her house and then back to the supermarket; that would be a lot of walking. Besides, she was worried that if she went back home, she wouldn’t have the courage to return to the store again. In the end, she decided she would just hold it. She would only be here for about an hour, at the most. That’s how long it usually took anyway. Determined to get this over with so she could go home and relax, Maya grabbed a basket and looked over the grocery list that her mom had given her. Maya didn’t really need the list; she had done this so many times that she practically knew the list by heart, but it was still useful to have everything organized conveniently for her. She looked at the first item on the list: 4L jug of skim milk.

Maya began her trek to the dairy section. As she was walking, she suddenly came across a food stand, where a young woman was offering lemonade samples.

“Hi there! Would you like to try a free sample?” the lady asked.

Maya flinched, immediately reminded of her need for the restroom. The last thing she wanted to do right now was add more liquids to her bladder.

“Um… n-no thank you,” Maya replied, fidgeting.

“Come on! It’s lemonade! All natural. No sugar added. And it’s free!” The lady grinned, gesturing to the cups.

Maya gulped. “O-okay.” It was too difficult for her to not give in when she felt pressured.

Maya grabbed a cup and took a small sip of the lemonade. “D-delicious,” she murmured. The lady smiled. Maya drank a bit more out of politeness, then when the lady wasn’t looking, threw the plastic cup into the garbage.

She continued towards the dairy section. She could already feel the pressure building in her bladder, the lemonade only having made her need to pee worse. Maya grimaced. She tried to ignore the mild pain in her bladder as she shuffled along, finally approaching the milk area. She realized that there was only one milk left on the shelf, at least the kind that she wanted. She reached for the milk jug, but no sooner had she done so than she felt another hand gripping the handle.

“Sorry honey, that’s mine.”

Maya turned to see a middle-aged woman standing right beside her, her eyebrows pressed into a tight frown as she viciously clutched the jug.

“I said that’s mine. You’re going to have to let go, sweetie,” the woman spat.

Maya couldn’t speak. Her throat felt like ice.

The woman scowled. “Are you deaf, young lady? Did you not hear what I said? I said LET GO!”

Maya was shaking and sweating. She didn’t know what to do. Suddenly she heard a voice.

“Uh, excuse me, lady. She was here first.”

Both women turned to see a boy standing beside them, his arms folded over his chest. He had mussed dark hair, light freckles, and hazel eyes.

“Excuse me?” the woman hissed.

“You heard me,” the boy replied. “This girl was clearly grabbing the milk before you did. I saw her. So I think you’re the one that’s gonna have to let go.”

The woman looked horrified. “What?! But… but this milk is for my family!”

The boy shook his head. “Doesn’t matter. That doesn’t give you the right to take it from somebody else.”

Maya felt a warm flutter in her heart. She smiled.

The woman stood there, flustered for a few seconds, before she finally gave in. “Fine!” She let go of the milk, shoving it into Maya’s chest and temporarily knocking her off balance. She glared at the dazed girl. “Now my kids won’t have anything to put on their cereal thanks to you. I hope you’re happy!” She stormed off, pushing several confused people out of the way.

“Just ignore her,” the boy said. “She’s probably menopausal.”

Maya blinked several times, then looked at him. “T-thanks,” she finally murmured, feeling a light blush on her cheeks.

The boy grinned. “Anytime.” He walked away.

Now in a more calm state of mind, Maya looked back at her list. Luckily, Maya was able to pick up the next few items without any issues. Now with the dairies out of the way, she decided to move on to the produce, specifically, the vegetables. Maya sighed. She admitted her mom did make some great salads, but finding the ingredients for them was a bit of a hassle. Especially having to carefully weigh all the items so it would be just the amount her mother wanted.

As Maya wandered through the produce section collecting all the vegetables, the pain in her bladder became stronger and more distracting. Now her need to pee was starting to become urgent. She frequently had to stop and press her legs together (while trying to remain inconspicuous, of course) and every once in a while, when no one was looking, slip her hand between them. Now she really regretted not using the bathroom before she left her house. And she wasn’t even halfway through the list. She tried to speed up the process as much as possible. Finally, she got to the last vegetable: eggplant.

Damn it. She could never remember where the eggplants were. They always kept them in a weird location. She saw a man standing by the cauliflowers, scribbling something on a clipboard. He wore an apron and a button shirt, clearly a store employee. Maya bit her lip. She knew she had to ask him where the eggplants were if she ever wanted to find them, yet she was always so shy about asking people for help. Closing her eyes and taking a deep breath, she worked up the courage to walk up to the man. She felt her hands get sweaty, and she struggled to keep her fingers from slipping off the handle of her basket.

“E-excuse me,” Maya said. It came out so quietly she could barely hear it herself.

The man looked up from his clipboard and stared at Maya. “Yes?”

The man’s eyes were making her feel nervous. She looked down at her feet. “Umm…” Maya suddenly felt a sharp spasm in her bladder, and she winced, trying to keep her composure. “D-do you know where the eggplants are?”

“Yeah, they’re right down there next to the mushrooms,” the man said, pointing with his pen. “Um, are you okay, Miss? You seem a little … tense.”

Maya stiffened. “Y-yes, I’m fine, t-thank you.” She turned and walked awkwardly away. Her face was burning. Was it really so obvious that she had to pee? She felt so self-conscious.

After grabbing the fruits she needed, she decided to start looking for the dry foods. She entered the bakery section to pick up bread. As she was browsing the display rack, she heard girls’ laughter. The voices sounded familiar. She looked up.

Oh no. It was Tatiana, Chrissy, and Amy. They were walking on the other side of the display rack, just a mere few feet away from Maya. The quiet girl ducked slightly so they wouldn’t notice her, sucking in air through her teeth. She watched as they walked away, slipping into one of the aisles. Maya sighed in relief. She didn’t need another unwelcome encounter, especially after what had happened earlier.

After finding the bread, she went to the pasta section, bracing herself for the usual ordeal of finding plain old spaghetti among the ocean of different types of pasta. Linguine, angel hair, penne, corkscrew, shell, bow-tie. Why did there have to be so many different varieties? They all tasted pretty much the same anyway. Those Italians were really something.

She was browsing through the oodles of noodles when she heard a little kid’s voice: “Mommy, pleeeeease!”

Maya rolled her eyes. Probably whining because she wanted candy or something.

“No honey, we’re not done shopping yet.”

“But I have to peeee!”

Maya froze. She turned and looked at the child. She really did look desperate for the toilet. The little girl was dancing frantically on the spot and grabbing her crotch.

“Sorry Olivia, but I told you we have to finish getting the groceries first,” the mother said. “Then we’ll catch our bus and go home and you’ll get to pee.”

“But I can’t wait! I reeeeeeally have to peeeee!”

The girl sounded near tears. Maya bit her lip and turned back to the shelf, anxiously searching for the spaghetti. She had once again been reminded of her need for the toilet. She pressed her legs together, her swelling bladder pressing into the waistband of her jeans.

“That’s not my problem,” the mother said sternly. “I told you to go before we left, but you didn’t listen. Now you’re going to have to hold it until we get home.”

“I can’t!” The little girl was now crying. Maya was sweating, desperately racking the shelf. Where the hell was it?! She didn’t want to listen to this, especially since she was desperate to pee herself. Finally she found the spaghetti, and she hurried out of the aisle before the situation escalated any further. No sooner had she entered the snack aisle next door than she heard an announcement over the PA.

Wet cleanup on Aisle 6.

Maya cringed. Poor Olivia. She walked through the aisle, searching for the beef jerky her dad loved so much. Suddenly she heard a taunting voice.

“Hey look! It’s Little Miss Friendless!”

Oh God.

Maya turned to see Tatiana and her two minions smirking at her from the other side of the aisle.

“Aw, did your mommy send you to get the groceries all by yourself?” the girl mocked, putting on a babyish voice. “Figures that an uncool loser like you would be in a dorky place like a grocery store on a Saturday.” Chrissy and Amy laughed.

Maya’s cheeks were burning. She wanted to die. She stared at Tatiana, hating how pretty she was, with her crystal blue eyes and platinum blonde hair and pouty lips— not to mention her perfect figure. It wasn’t fair. How could such awful people be blessed with such good looks? Maya thought about the girl’s cruel mocking, the way she had always tried to make her life hell. Suddenly, she was filled with anger, and she managed to work up just enough courage to fire something back at the girl.

“Well… what are you doing here then?”

Tatiana stopped laughing, and for a second she looked flustered. Maya smirked.

But Tatiana soon recovered. “Uh, stocking up on chips and soda for my party tonight, duh,” she replied coldly.

“And beer!” Chrissy added.

“Right.” Tatiana smirked. “Bye, loser!” She blew Maya a kiss, and the three girls walked off, laughing.

Maya clenched her fists and quietly growled, tears in her eyes. She wanted to cry but she wouldn’t, not here.

“God, I hate those bitches.”

Startled, she turned around to see the boy from earlier standing right beside her, scowling. She wiped her tears.

“You know them?” she asked, surprised.

The boy sighed. “Unfortunately. They’re in my home ec class.”

“Oh. You go to Maryland Secondary?”

The boy smiled. “Yeah. You go there too, don’t you?”

Maya nodded.

“I thought so. I’ve seen you around. You’re always reading or sitting by yourself. That’s cool. I’m kind of a loner too. Who needs people anyway? Especially stupid cunts like them.”

Maya felt a smile creeping on her lips.

“I’m Kyle. What’s your name?” he asked.

“Maya,” she said shyly.

“That’s a pretty name.”

Maya blushed. Kyle smiled when he saw her red cheeks. “You’re cute. See you later, Maya.” He waved and walked off. Maya waved back, staring dreamily as he disappeared. She felt as light as feathers.

Thanks to that confidence boost, she was able to plow through the rest of her grocery shopping in just a manner of minutes, her bursting bladder be damned. Now she was standing at the register, ready to pay for her purchases.

This was her least favourite part of going to the supermarket, because she actually had to interact with people. She had wanted to go through Express, but she was clearly over the limit, and she didn’t want to be one of “those” people, so she had to go through a regular checkout lane. She had chosen the lane with the shortest line-up (being careful to avoid the one with the crazy menopausal lady), but there were still quite a few customers, and Maya waited impatiently for her turn, tapping her fingers on her arms which were folded over her chest, and doing her best to avoid showing signs of her desperation. One leg was crossed over the other, and she squeezed her knees together, slightly bent over. Now she had to pee so badly she could hardly stand still. She wanted desperately to bend over more, cross her legs much more tightly, and grab her crotch with both hands, but there were too many people around.

She saw the customer in front of her drinking from a water bottle, and she moaned softly, feeling her bladder writhing in agony. Quickly turning away, she looked to her other side and saw a woman feeding her baby; he was drinking orange juice from a sippy cup, and some of the juice spilled, trickling down his chin, creating little puddles on the tray table of his stroller. Maya felt a few warm drops of pee dribble into her panties, and she gave a soft yelp, instinctively reaching for her crotch and crossing her legs tightly. She blushed as soon as she realized what she was doing; fortunately, no one seemed to have noticed.

But as soon as removed her hands from her crotch and uncrossed her legs, she felt an overpowering spasm attack her whole body. Her walls were crumbling. She shut her eyes and used her willpower to clench her bladder muscles together, her legs trembling. She had finally begun to reach a state where she almost felt like she was in control again, when suddenly a voice snapped her out of her concentration.

“Hi there!”

The shock made Maya jump, and she leaked again, this time a stream. Contracting her entire body in order to stop any more from leaking out, she blinked a couple of times and managed to be aware of her surroundings. She had reached the front of the line. The cashier, a teenage boy who seemed like the chatty type, was staring at her and smiling. Maya forced a weak smile and a “Hi”, feeling her voice shake.

She pulled out her phone and looked down at the screen, pretending to text. She knew it was rude to be on her phone while standing at the register, but she didn’t care. She had no intentions of chatting with anyone at the moment; right now she had to save her energy for holding in her pee.

“How are you today?” the cashier asked as he began scanning her groceries, in spite of the fact that she clearly wasn’t interested in conversation.

“F-fine,” she mumbled, still looking at her phone.

“Find everything okay?”

Maya frowned, getting annoyed that he was still talking to her. “Yeah.” The boy seemed to get the hint, going by her one-word replies, so he stopped talking.

Maya rocked back and forth, feeling her forehead beaded with sweat. She could barely think straight. She was aching for relief, and she just wanted to get out of here. Her tight jeans were pushing hard on her stomach, practically squeezing the urine out of her. She cursed herself for wearing those jeans, wishing she had opted for sweats instead. She twitched her feet, pressing the tips of her shoes against each other.

“Would you like your milk in a bag?”

The cashier’s voice once again distracted Maya from her restless fidgeting and forced her attention back to another human being.

“Huh? Uh, yeah, whatever,” she muttered. The cashier nodded and bagged the milk. He then picked up one of the tomatoes from the conveyor belt, and sighed.

“Aw, crap. I can never remember the code for these.” He turned to his checkstand and glanced at a roll of paper filled with countless numbers, scrolling through them painstakingly.

Maya bit her lip, feeling her heart pounding, her mind focused on nothing but her overwhelming desire for relief.

“Let’s see, let’s see…” the cashier mumbled.

Oh God. Hurry up. Please.

“Aha. Found it!” Smiling proudly, the cashier typed in the code. He then picked up a broccoli, paused, and frowned. “Shit. I’m really not good with these.”

Maya shut her eyes and let out a soft groan, exasperated. The cashier ended up having to look up the codes for nearly all of the produce items, which took about five minutes. By then, Maya was practically about to scream. She had always been quite a patient person, but now all she wanted was to get out of here, now. She looked at the line-up and saw that the rest of the customers were sharing her impatience, some of them looking at their watches while others quietly grumbled to themselves. Of course she had to get stuck with the slowest and most inefficient cashier in the world.

As if to add insult to injury, when the cashier was finally done with the produce items and was scanning the beef jerky, the machine beeped loudly, signalling an error.

“Hmm. Looks like this isn’t in the system,” the cashier said. “I’ll call for a price check.”

“No!” Maya cried, with sudden urgency. The cashier stared at her, surprised. Lowering her voice to nearly a whisper, Maya said, “I-it’s fine, I don’t want it.”

The cashier frowned. “Are you sure? I can go run and do it myself. It’ll only take two seconds.”

Maya shook her head. She knew her dad wouldn’t be too happy about not getting his favourite snack, but at this point she couldn’t waste any more time.

“It’s fine, just leave it,” she ordered. Her bladder was about to burst, and she didn’t even want to imagine what would happen if she had an accident here in front of all these people.

The cashier shrugged. “Okay.”

He scanned the rest of her groceries, putting them all in plastic bags. It seemed to take forever, and Maya was almost about to run out of the store from sheer desperation, but at last the cashier announced the total. “$44.65.”

Maya handed the cashier a $50 bill. She prayed his till wouldn’t suddenly get frozen, or that the cash register wouldn’t open, or anything else that would delay her from getting out of this godforsaken place. Luckily, the cash register opened fine, but when the cashier was searching for change, she saw that frown on his face and knew something was wrong.

“Aw man, I’m out of five’s.” He turned around and shouted at the cashier in the checkout lane behind him, an Asian guy who looked to be the same age as him. “Yo, Tyler! Can I borrow some fives, man?”

“Dude, you have to fill out the loan slips!” the boy said. “You know Sheila gets mad when we don’t do that.”

“No way, man! That takes forever! Besides, I just need a couple. I’ll give you a ten, and you can give me two fives.”

Maya felt herself sweating. This was taking way too long. She had to leave, now. Her bladder was giving her warning signals, that if she didn’t get a move on, it wasn’t going to wait around any longer. She crossed her legs together as much as possible and slipped a hand into her crotch, no longer caring about people seeing her.

“I-it’s fine, I don’t need the change,” she meekly tried to object, but to no avail. Tyler came over to the cashier’s checkstand, handing him two five dollar bills in exchange for a twenty, as Maya’s cashier had proposed. The cashier handed Maya her change, and she grunted out a miserable “Thank you.” Not bothering to take her receipt, she was out the doors before the cashier could even say, “Have a nice day.”

Maya hobbled down the street, so desperate she could barely breathe. With six full grocery bags and a cripplingly full bladder, Maya felt like she was a hundred pounds heavier.

She turned the corner, went through the park, and entered a tree-lined pathway. The trees were soaked in the late afternoon sunshine, with gold-specked canopies and shimmering leaves. Maya liked taking this shortcut, since the scenery was beautiful and there usually weren’t many people around (unlike the busy streets and intersections surrounding the supermarket) which made for a peaceful, serene walk, but today she had only picked this route for the sake of time.

She was only ten minutes from home, but in her current state of desperation, she felt like her house was light years away, and she had no desire to walk whatsoever. She wished she had a driver’s license like her sister, but she had given up after failing the road test for the fourth time. Being in front of the steering wheel made her anxiety levels go off the rails, and it didn’t help that her instructor was always a balding, impatient man who would penalize her for every little thing she did wrong, including forgetting to address him as “Sir”.

As she walked further into the pathway, having to stop a few times to cross her legs in a vain attempt to soothe the roaring rapids present in her quivering bladder, she realized she had two problems at hand. First, because she had two armfuls of grocery bags, she would not be able to grab her crotch until she got home, which really made her worried as that was the only way she imagined she would have a chance of making it home dry. Second, her painfully tight jeans were making it nearly impossible for her to hold on, pushing so hard against her bladder she felt as if it might literally pop.

There wasn’t really anything she could do about the first problem, but the second one was remediable. All she had to do was loosen her jeans. Carefully laying some of her bags on the ground, Maya used her free hand to unbutton her jeans, and when that didn’t help, she pulled down the zipper. Maya was aware that her light pink panties were now partly exposed, but she didn’t care. Protecting her jeans from getting soaked was more important. Sure enough, the pressure on her bladder softened a bit, and she was able to relax a little. But that moment of relief only lasted about a second, and soon a tremendous cramp attacked Maya, making her gasp and double over. Closing her eyes, Maya whimpered, trembling and sweating. I can’t do it. I can’t hold it.

For a second, she wondered if it was even worth it to try and keep holding on, and if she should just give in and pee her pants; then at least she wouldn’t have to suffer this pain any longer. And since walking all the way to her house in this condition felt like a death wish, not to mention practically impossible, she was so tempted to just let go, let the waterfall ooze out. But then she realized, this wasn’t the right attitude at all. If she allowed herself to feel even a sliver of hopelessness, she was done for. She would just have to grit her teeth and hold on for just a little longer, even if her body was screaming at her to let go, even if the pain was so unbearable that tears were streaming from her eyes.

Picking up her bags, Maya continued walking, determined to win the race against her bladder.

* * *

She didn’t know how she’d done it, but Maya had made it home without having a full-blown accident. She’d leaked a bit more into her underwear, but that was unavoidable. The important thing was, she was standing on the doorstep of her house, only a few feet away from the toilet, finally being able to get her much-needed relief. She felt a strange feeling of pride, but quickly pushed it aside. She knew she didn’t have a second to lose. Her bladder was gaining on her fast, and she couldn’t let it get ahead.

The thought of finally getting to relieve herself sent another warm rush of pee into her panties, which were now uncomfortably damp, but she managed to stop it just in time.

Reaching into her pocket for her keys, she felt her hands tremble from the agony and sheer exhaustion of holding back a violent flood, and she was trembling and sweating so much that she accidentally dropped them.

“FUCK!” Normally Maya never swore, but this was a particular situation, and moderating her vocabulary wasn’t exactly her top priority.

Maya looked down at the keys resting just in front of her feet, taunting her. She was afraid that if she bent over to grab the keys, she would wet herself. But since she had no other choice, Maya took a big breath, and very very slowly crouched down, biting her lip and barely managing to stop herself from crying out loud from the pain that tormented her body. She made it just far enough to be able to reach the keys, and very carefully she extended her arm, keeping her legs clenched together. She grabbed hold of the keys, but her hand started trembling and sweating again, and she accidentally dropped them once more.

The shock and light clink of the keys as they hit the ground made Maya jump, and she gasped as a stream of pee soaked through the crotch of her jeans and ran down her leg. Maya stayed absolutely still, her breath shaky, and for a second she was certain she was gonna lose it. But through some miracle of nature, she was able to hold back the flood. Letting out a long exhale, Maya picked up the keys again, being extra careful not to drop them, then very slowly rose to her feet and unlocked the door to her house.

Practically throwing herself inside, Maya immediately dumped the grocery bags on the floor and pressed both hands against her crotch, sweating profusely as she raced towards the bathroom feeling like she could rival the speed of light. Her eyes glimmered as she caught sight of it at the end of the hallway. She was almost there, almost there…

She stopped.

The door was closed. There was light coming from underneath. Maya felt her entire body go cold, praying this wasn’t what she thought it was. She brought one of her hands to the doorknob, tried to twist it. The door didn’t open.

No. No no no no. NO!

This couldn’t be happening. She pounded hard on the door, not realizing that her entire body was pressed against it, squirming, like she was somehow trying to get through the door.

“What?” came an annoyed voice from inside the bathroom. It was her sister.

“Nikki?” Maya cried. “What… you … I … what are you … I need…” She could barely speak. Her voice was labored and soft, like she was struggling for air. She was about to explode, she had to pee now!

“Uh, is this really important? I’m trying to shit, not that it’s any of your business,” her sister spat.

Maya paled. Her sister was notorious for her lengthy bowel movements. She could be in there for another half hour. There was no way Maya could wait that long.

“Well, can you hurry up? I really have to-” Maya stopped. She could not tell Nikki that she was desperate to pee. “T-take a shower,” she finished lamely.

She heard a scoff from the other side of the door. “Whatever.”

Maya dug her fists into her crotch, her legs trembling from the agony of trying to stop the dam from bursting. This wasn’t supposed to happen. She was supposed to be in the bathroom right now, not her damn sister. Why did there only have to be one bathroom in her house? Why did Nikki have to be using it now? Why did she have to drink so much today? Why couldn’t she have gone to the bathroom earlier? Why did bladders have to exist at all? Why did-

Before she could think of any more rhetorical questions, she suddenly felt the worst cramp of her life.

“F-fuck!” she gasped, doubling over and digging her fists into her crotch. It was like a punch to the gut, and it was then that Maya’s bladder finally let go.

She felt warm urine flooding her panties, soaking through the fabric and spilling into her jeans. It happened so fast that by the time she realized she was wetting herself, it was too late to stop it. She instead released her hands from her crotch and leaned against the bathroom door, closing her eyes and savouring the relief as the liquid continued pouring out of her exhausted bladder. She could hear steady dripping as the flow gained force, now a full torrent that cascaded down her jeans, soaking her shoes and splashing onto the floor. It was like a waterfall, gushing out of her bladder and soaking her legs in warm pee.

“Oh God,” Maya moaned with overwhelming relief as she continued to release her bladder’s contents. It felt so good. It was just as nice, if not even nicer, than peeing into a toilet.

Finally, the flow subsided, and Maya opened her eyes again. She had lost track of time as she’d let her bladder go, and now that it was completely empty, she felt a bit disoriented. It was like those first few seconds after waking up from a dream, not really sure if you’re still dreaming or not. She looked down and saw that her dripping jeans were soaked from the crotch down to the cuffs, and there was an ocean surrounding her feet. It was then that she absorbed the fact that she had just peed herself at sixteen years old. She blushed bright red, horrified that she’d wet herself at this age. Sure, she’d had her share of accidents in elementary school, and even once in middle school (she’d always been too shy to ask for the bathroom) but she was a teenager now. Much too old to be embarrassing herself like this.

Then she heard a grunt come from inside the bathroom, and she remembered that she wasn’t alone. Nikki. Maya gasped. There was no time to be embarrassed now! She had to clean this up fast, before her sister saw it! Not only would it be incredibly humiliating if Nikki found out about this, but Maya was sure that she would find some way to blackmail her, and she definitely couldn’t let that happen.

Scrambling into the kitchen, Maya grabbed a mop and hastily wiped up her mess. Fortunately, the floor was hardwood and not a carpet so it was easier to hide the evidence. Still, Maya felt disgusted having to clean up her own piss, and frequently found herself grimacing as she mopped up every last drop of her little accident, making sure to add some vinegar to get rid of the smell. After she was satisfied that it looked okay, Maya went to the laundry room and got rid of her clothes. She stripped off her thoroughly-soaked jeans and panties, tossing them into the washing machine and turning on the rinse cycle. Then she wandered into her bedroom and wrapped a towel around her naked body. She was going to need to have a shower now that she’d pissed all over herself.

Maya returned to the bathroom and patiently waited for her sister to come out. Finally, the toilet flushed, and Nikki exited the bathroom.

“Took you long enough,” Maya said with a smirk. “Constipated again?”

Nikki scowled. “Shut up.”

Maya eyed Nikki’s get-up. She was dolled up. Her pin straight, jet-black hair flowed elegantly down her back, and she wore a short sleeveless purple dress with stilettos. A silver handbag was slung over her shoulder. “Going out tonight?” Maya asked.

“Duh,” Nikki replied. “Me and the girls are going clubbing.”

Maya rolled her eyes. “Have fun.”

Nikki scoffed. “Yeah, and you have fun staying holed up in here by yourself reading one of your stupid little books. God, you are such a nerd.”

Maya gave a sarcastic chuckle. “Hahaha. Too funny, sis.”

Nikki was heading for the front door, when she suddenly noticed the grocery bags haphazardly tossed on the ground. “Oh, you went shopping.”

Her eyes widened and she picked up an item from one of the bags. “Hey, you got those low-calorie granola bars! You’re awesome,” she said, tucking one of the granola bars into her purse.

Maya beamed. “I am awesome!”

Nikki looked at Maya, narrowing her eyes. “What’s with you? You seem much more … bubbly today. You’re hiding something.”

Maya flinched and bit her lip, playing with her hands. “N-no,” she stammered.

Nikki kept staring at her, her unnerving gaze making Maya paranoid that she would find out about the accident. Then a mischievous smile curved on Nikki’s lips. “Ohhhh. It’s a boy, isn’t it?” she said.

Maya’s eyes widened. “What? No!” She felt herself blush for no apparent reason.

Nikki laughed. “I knew it! You’re totally in love! I can’t believe it.”

Maya felt her cheeks heat up even more. “Shut up!” she snapped.

“You’re blushing!” Nikki teased.

“Nikki!” Maya growled.

“Maya’s in love, Maya’s in love,” Nikki sang like a small child as she turned the doorknob.

“AGHH!”

Nikki stepped out the door, but not before ruffling her sister’s feathers some more. “Make sure to introduce me to your boyfriend sometime. Love you, bye!” She slammed the door before Maya could throw any retorts at her.

Maya groaned and shook her head. God, Nikki could be so annoying sometimes. And yet… during all that taunting Maya couldn’t help but think of Kyle. The boy she’d seen at the grocery store today. Maya smiled. Yeah, he was cute and sweet and okay, maybe she was a little attracted to him. But Nikki had to be out of her mind if she thought Maya was in love with him. At least not now. Maybe once she got to know him a little more.

Well, we do go to the same school, Maya thought. Maybe next time she ran into him at school she could go and talk to him. Have a little conversation. Maybe then she could finally have a friend. Maybe even something more. Maybe the two of them could go grocery shopping together. Maybe then going grocery shopping wouldn’t be so bad.

Maya laughed and let out a dreamy sigh. So many maybes. Right now, all she wanted was to forget about her day and take a nice, long shower. She only hoped Nikki hadn’t stunk up the bathroom too badly.

Smiling, Maya slipped off her towel and stepped into the bathroom, shutting the door behind her. For once, she couldn’t wait until her mom sent her grocery shopping again.

*007*2016-05-16 17:20

Thanks, everyone! I'm currently working on a sequel for this, should be up in a couple of days.

*016*2016-06-14 22:53

The sequel has been posted :)

%https://www.omorashi.org/topic/31534-mayas-revenge

