Claire's absolutely bursting

Author: pleasehurry

*000*2021-03-30 12:12

30 year old Claire downed the orange juice sat next to her in her new car. It was a warm day in the British summer time - the blue sky and cool breeze making it a somewhat bearable motorway trip. Claire had been driving for a little over two hours and with the orange juice now filtering through her body it wasn't long before Claire thought it was best to have a quick pit stop and comfort break. She was all to aware of her tiny bladder capacity, having had many close calls throughout her adult years.

In fact the services Claire was aiming to pull into in about 20 minutes time had beared witness to Claire's most desperate wee of her life two years ago. A severe traffic jam had meant Claire had been left struggling with a full bladder for several hours. By the time Claire had raced into the ladies she was on the verge of a full blown accident, and only slammed her peachy ass down on the toilet in the nick of time. It was such a close call that Claire was sure that if the traffic jam had lasted any longer she would have been simply unable to keep holding on to her visibly inflated bladder and would have wet herself before making it to the loo.

Today Claire was dressed in a free flowing yellow polka dot dress. Her long ginger hair sat over her shoulders. Claire had a curvy body and large boobs. Underneath her dress Claire was wearing a matching yellow underwear set, with her ginger pubes barely contained by her little frilly knickers.

Just ten minutes more to the services , Claire thought to herself. She was comforted by the fact that she could soon have a quick wee and empty has now noticeably filling bladder.

"Clunk, clunk"

Claire's car rocked on it's axis and the engine roared loudly.

Hazard lights on, indicator ticking, Claire moved her car into the hard shoulder of the motorway - swearing in annoyance at her bad luck. Her car was brand new! Surely it couldn't have gone wrong already.

There was nothing else to do but to ring her breakdown company and hope that there the cause of the fault was nothing serious. After a 10 minute wait on hold - Claire eventually got through and explained what the issue was. Thankfully someone should be out with her within the next 40 minutes. This wouldn't normally be an issue but Claire's need to wee was getting worse by the minute. She should have been blissfully peeing into the loo by now, but instead Claire was stuck on the hard shoulder with orange juice pouring into her tiny bladder.....

End of part one.

*001*2021-03-30 14:51

With a slight knot of anxiety Claire sat crossed legged in her car. It will be at least 40 minutes until the breakdown people arrived and then probably at least that time again until the issue was fixed. Claire reflected on the fact she had well over an hour until she might be able to use a loo. Shit.

Claire knew her need would be so urgent by then, particularly as she was already feeling fairly full and would normally be prioritising finding a loo asap. Claire uncrossed and recrossed her long legs, whilst nervously biting her nails. She looked at Google maps and considered the possibility of walking quickly to the services - Claire simply had to use the loo soon if she was to avoid being desperate in front of the breakdown workers.

Sadly, it quickly became apparent that such plan was not viable. It was at least a 20 minute walk to the services - leaving too little time to get there and back before the recovery workers were due. Claire had literally no choice but to keep holding on to her ever filling bladder.

........

45 minutes had come and gone. Claire was nervous scrolling through Facebook on her phone. Truthfully she was finding nothing to be a viable distraction from her predicament. In the time waiting for the breakdown service Claire had uncrossed and recrossed her legs fifty times subconsciously. Her bladder had filled remarkably fast during this time and Claire was now feeling extremely stressed. She wasnt quite bursting but Claire knew it was just a matter of time before she would begin to struggle to hold this ocean of wee within her toned body.

Exhaling a loud breath, Claire gripped her long hair back into a pigtail and uncrossed her legs. She tried to remain calm and still but within seconds Claire's legs began to bounce urgently to try and tame her need. Knees knocking together Claire resigned herself to admit the reality she found herself. In the last 10 minutes, Claire had become truly desperate to wee.

.......

Claire knew this matter needed seeing to soon. She didn't know if she could keep holding whilst the recovery drivers were here without making an obvious scene. Claire unbuckled her seatbelt and immediately got out of the car. Head down in embarassment, Claire quickly walked to the hidden side of her car where she had decided she has no option but to squat down and unleash an urgent gush of wee.

Claire had a strong dislike in peeing like this, and under normal circumstances she would be concerned people could see her exposed privates. Today however she was just too eager to end the hour of holding that her body could no longer endure. In one swift movement, Claire lifted her skirt and pulled her small yellow thong down. Claire's eyes shut in anticipation, her tired pussy grateful it was no longer having to stay tensed.

Milliseconds before a hot fat jet of wee was going to blast out of Claire, she saw the flashing orange lights of the recovery van pull into the layby. Snapping her knickers back over her hairy pussy, Claire body trembled visibly at the relief that was so cruelty denied. Thankfully the recovery driver was blindsided by the open passenger door and hadn't seen Claire's exposed body which was gasping for relief

For now, Claire was just going to have keep holding....

End of part 2

*002*2021-04-02 10:42

Claire had tears in her eyes. 30 minutes later and the mechanic was still working on her car. Sat on the side of the roadside, Claire's desperation had continued to increase. As another visible shudder of urgency crept up her spine Claire lent forward, as her exhausted pee hole tensed in order to prevent her knickers becoming wet.

Ankles continually turning, Claire was now finding it impossible to sit still. She was rhythmically shifting all her weight from one ass cheek to another. Claire's body hurt, her stomach aching from having to hold on for so long. Claire's entire pussy was now numb to such an extent that she hadn't even noticed the first dribble of wee that had escaped a couple of seconds ago.

A picture of agony, Claire was now reaching a level where she was more desperate than ever before. Underneath her dress, but unknown to her, Claire's yellow knickers had a visible wet spot which was increasing in size with each minute as drip upon drip of hot piss leaked from Claire's tortured pussy.

Claire had kept trying to reassure herself. "I'm an adult, I can keep holding". Claires' plan was as soon as her car was fixed she could sit down in it and hold herself tightly underneath her skirt. That should provide just enough time to race up the motorway where she could sprint to then toilet. But with each passing minute, Claire resigned herself to that plan being less likely to work. She was just so finding it so unbelievably hard to hold on her body could fail her at any minute.

.....

A little later the mechanic was explaining to Claire the problem. Truth be told Claire just couldn't focus on what he was saying - she just nodded along whilst fully concentrating on not wetting herself in front of him. Her knickers were now fairly wet - the toll of periodic leaking dribbles for the last 10 minutes. The latest small leak hadnt even been halted by her knickers and was snaking down the back of Claire's toned ass and thigh - thankfully just out of view from the mechanic.

Her car was going to be towed a short way to the nearest garage, and Claire was going to sit in her car and assist with the steering whilst the mechanic provided the engine power in front of her. The mechanic gave Claire his number, any issues arising from being towed and she was to ring and inform him.

......

Now sat in the privacy of her own driver's seat, Claire immediately yanked up her dress and pressed a hand into her crotch. She was shocked to see the damage that had already been caused by her desperate experience. Her yellow knickers were more wet than dry, sending them translucent. Claire's ginger bush and cute pussy was clearly visible through her now see-through underwear.

Another wave of desperation. Another shudder. Claire observed her crotch visibly tense and then relax, and was shocked to see her knickers darken as another leak escaped her exhausted body.

Claire was so close to wetting herself.

End of part 3

*005*2021-04-05 15:12

With one shaking hand on the steering wheel, Claire pulled her knickers to one side. She has been towed for a little over 5 minutes but knew her body was going to give in. The pain was excruciating - how was it even possible to be this bursting? Claire's cradled her swollen bladder that was now so full of wee that it protruded visibly out of her stomach.

Claire's had decided she was going to unleash a gushing stream into her orange juice bottle. Claire had simply no choice, she had reached the point of desperation where she knew she had to go or risk a full blown accident. Gingerly holding the bottle close to her dripping bush, Claire tried to position the bottle as close to her pee hole as possible.

Without warning her body slipped into a relaxation. A fat jet of urine immediately began to noisily escape Claire's body and echo as it rapidly filled the bottle.

"Oh my god, oh my god"

Claire's couldn't help but utter out loud, her voice coated with the immense feeling of pleasure the 30 year old was feeling. Barely concentrating of the road ahead, Claire's eyes rolled and shut as her bladder began its long task of emptying.

Within seconds the clear fluid being transferred from Claire into the bottle had filled it. Realising just in time, Claire's somehow managed to tense her tired pussy and stem the flow. Upset her moment of bliss had ended prematurely, Claire's had to immediately cross her legs to provide a physical 'bung' and prevent further wee from escaping.

With shaking hands Claire screwed the lid bank on the bottle and for the first time in the last 45 minutes she felt like she could finally breath and think clearly. The first thing Claire's noticed was the beads of sweat that her formed all over her tired body. Her arm pits and forehead were both drenched in sweat, as the toll of this immense hold was beginning to show. Going over a bump in the road, Claire locked her ass and thighs in a tense brace once more.

Claire was still desperate for the loo. She had hoped that her momentary release would have allowed her to comfortably wait until both herself and tow truck could pull into the garage. However 15 minutes had passed since Claire's had pissed into the bottle and no garage was in sight. Worse still Claire's legs couldn't stop bouncing if she tried, as her degree of desperation had already increased to such an immense level, that the blissful pleasure Claire had felt earlier was already feeling like a distant memory. Claire had expected a longer period of more relaxed driving, but truthfully her pussy had had to tense again almost immediately. An unexpected quick hissy leak into Claire's knickers was a sign - she urgently had to wee again.

Unscrewing the bottle cap for the second time today, Claire had to hurry. She felt seconds away from wetting herself. Bottle undone, Claire opened the window and went to tip out the still warm contents of the bottle. Just as she was doing Claire's car hit a large pothole. The large shudder of the car made another long squirt of wee erupt from Claire's now sodden pussy and worse still she dropped the bottle out of the car window.

If only Claire could reverse back and pick the bottle up she would, but alas she was stuck going forward by the pick up truck ahead. In a blind frenzy, Claire took both hands off the steering wheel and buried them into the gusset of her knickers. Claire had to do something now, she just couldn't keep enduring such torture. She was going to have to ring the pick up driver in front and ask him to stop. Claire would now openly squat and piss in front of him, she just didn't care. The agony was too much. She just needed to wee so unbelievably badly.

Picking up her phone Claire inputted the number into her Samsung and press the green call button.

No signal.

How could she get his attention that she HAD to pee RIGHT THIS SECOND!

Tears began to roll down Claire's cheeks. She would have just wet herself if it wasn't for the knowledge that the car was about to be serviced. Instead she removed her shoe and bought her foot up to her seat and sat on it, trying to position her heel so it was squished against Claire's spluttering pee hole.

Claire willed herself to try and keep holding. She was a 30 year old adult. She couldn't piss herself at this age.

End of part 4

*007*2021-04-08 16:17

Claire's could barely breathe. Her stomach ached. Her body was so unbelievably tired of a constant state of tension that Claire felt like she was about to literally explode. A reservoir of wee was pressing downwards, with Claire's exhausted pussy providing a delicate and permeable barrier. Such a state of desperation was barely imaginable to Claire's at the start of the day, who was now stuck in her car with both hands now under her drenched knickers and pressed against her hairy pussy. Claire massaged her fingers frantically against her pee hole, her sodden ginger pubes sticking to her sweaty palms.

Claire was now violently bouncing up and down, grinding her pussy urgently against her heal on every downbeat. She could not think. She could not stop moving. Claire was moments away from the most immense explosion of wee possiblr. It had now been two hours since Claire had wanted to leave the motorway and use the service loos. Claire began to whimper as the rain hitting the car windscreen sent another shudder of desperation up her spine. Yet another short stream of hissing pee had leaked from Claire, this time drenching her little pink socks as it left her pussy with an immense force.

Claire had no idea what to do. She knew she was about to drench the entire front seat in piss. What would she say to the garage? Oh such shame.

.....

At any one time someone is currently the most desperate to wee in the world. That is, someone is sporting the most maxed out capacity bladder and is the closest timewise to uncontrollably wetting themselves. That person currently is Rosie, the most popular college student in her class, the tall fit brunette had been out drinking all evening and had mistakenly left the club without using the toilet. As she had boarded the rail replacement bus to get home she had no idea that three hours later she would trapped on it.

A failed door system had meant no passenger had been able to leave. Poor Rosie, had been stuck in her minidress and heals absolutely gasping to use the bathroom for hours. Rosie's shaved pieced pussy had tried so hard to keep control. Her legs had been clamped shut for hours. She had tried urgently to listen to music to distract herself. But everyone has a limit, and at exactly 98% bladder capacity the inevitable had happened. Piss exploded noisily out of the teenager, firing out between her legs and down the aisle of the bus. Rosie had wet herself.

.......

Now it was Claire's turn. Unknown to her, she was the person most desperate to pee in the entire world. That's when she saw the garage appear in front of her. Perhaps she could make it after all?....

*009*2021-04-10 10:38

As the car pulled into the garage Claire opened the driver's door before the car was even stationary. Claire had only one thought on her mind. Reaching the customer toilet inside. Claire ran across the car park, bent forward and with both hands still yanked up her skirt. Standing up had led to another spluttering leak, with a trickle of wee now visibly running down the inside of Claire's legs. Running into the building, Claire immediately scanned the lobby for the bathrooms.

Claire heard the receptionist say something about facemasks but chose to ignore it. Claire felt dizzy and COULD NOT wait a second longer. Slamming open the door to the ladies toilets, Claire's vision began to blur. She audibly sobbed at the sight of a cubicle in front of her and raised her skirt and dropped her knickers in frantic anticipation. Bare ass and ginger pussy now exposed to the chilly air conned bathroom, one final leak gushed out of Claire's trembling crotch and noisily splashed against the bathroom floor. Claire pushed open the cubicle door but was met with resistance.

"Sorry, someones' in here"

Claire couldn't think. She certainly couldn't wait. Wee was now permanently snaking out of Claire's exhausted pussy despite her best efforts. She had reached a stage where no matter how much Claire tensed or dug her hands against her crotch, nothing could stem the desperate wee leaving her trembling body.

Without even thinking, Claire went to the corner of the room and opened the metallic trash can's lid. Hands covering her embarrassed face, Claire's stood with her legs wide and the bin between her legs and relaxed.

HSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS

Now faced with no resistance, the ocean of wee locked inside Clare's body raced to leave her. A thick, two pronged, stream erupted between the adults soaked legs and noisily began to fill the metallic bin. Claire shook with relief and sighed over and over. Her knees felt weak, and shuddered beneath her. Claire couldn't stand up. The orgasmic feeling of not having to hold on any longer made her collapse onto the bin, her peachy ass now sat on its opening. Wee continued to fire out of Claire's sodden pussy at a tremendous rate, now splashing into the cauldron of piss beneath her.

The relief continued for close to two minutes, only then could Claire feel her body defrost in relief. As her body began to relax for the first time in hours, Claire opened her eyes. Looking back at her was a cute receptionist called Felicity who herself had been in the cubicle. As she watched Claires' nude body relieve herself, Felicity could feel her own pink knickers dampen in pleasure. Felicity would never forget this moment, recalling the memory over and over to bring herself to a shuddering orgasm. Claire would also never forget this moment. For the rest of her life she would shudder as she recalled the immense panic, agony and hopelessness of being the most desperate women to pee.

........

With Claire's ordeal over it was of course someone else's place to be most bursting. It was now the turn of Priya, who had been stuck at the top of a rollercoaster at Thorpe Park for the last hour. On a first date, Priya was squirming in desperation next to the boy of her dreams.

"How much longer can they take" - Priya exclaimed and as a first dribble of wee escaped into her cute dungarees.

But that's a story for another time...

Thanks for reading, please leave any feedback in comments below

