The Happiest Place on Earth

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2018-03-18 23:11

Happy (almost) spring! I've had three (maybe four) one-shots spinning around in my head for the past few weeks, so I thought I'd try to get one out. Thank you so much for reading!

###

A Disney employee was waiting on the dock with Owen’s wheelchair. She smiled encouragingly as the 16-year-old clambered out of the boat from the Jungle Cruise and settled into the chair.

Owen’s parents, Neil and Jo Keating, and his siblings, 13-year-old Hunter and 8-year-old Emma followed. It was just past 11:30 in the morning, and they’d been at Magic Kingdom since a little before 9, on a much-anticipated family vacation that they’d been planning for over a year.

The fact that they were on the vacation was something of a miracle. Six months ago, Owen had started feeling absolutely awful – inexplicably exhausted all the time, drained from even the most minor of physical activity. Just at the start of his junior year of high school at that point, Owen had been horrified by his sudden lack of ability to keep up in class or on the field.

Owen had never been a superstar in sports or academics, but he was incredibly well-liked. Owen was the kind of kid who just never caused any trouble. He was polite but not obsequious, friendly but not cheesy. He was just the kind of guy who everyone wanted around and no one ever had to worry about.

So when, after nearly a month and several doctor’s visits, Owen was diagnosed with chronic fatigue syndrome, it had been a blow. Suddenly, he couldn’t be relied on for much of anything. He took weeks off of school, struggling to keep up with his work online and at home. Sports and extracurriculars were out of the question. He couldn’t even help out with chores at home without taxing his limited stamina reserves.

For several months, it looked like Disney was going to be out of the question, even though most of the trip was already paid for. Owen had felt terrible, but the prospect of preventing his family from going on vacation only strengthened his resolve to get better. With every ounce of extra energy he had (which wasn’t a lot), he read up on CFS, looking online, reading research articles and clinical trials, and talking to doctors. Owen stopped trying to push himself through physical activity in an attempt to be “normal,” and instead focused on recovery, gently working back up to higher levels of exertion.

The plan worked and, in the new year, Owen managed to improve enough to go back to school. He still couldn’t play on any teams, and he and his parents were careful to monitor his activity and diet, but he was able to look and act far more like a typical high school student. After multiple promises not to exert himself too much – he’d use a wheelchair in the parks, he’d take breaks throughout the day – Owen finally got his doctor’s okay to go to Disney World.

So during spring break, in early March, the Keatings flew into Orlando. Jo had worked diligently in the preceding weeks to talk to Disney representatives and arrange accommodations. They’d have a rental wheelchair for Owen the entire time, both at the resort and in the parks, and, since he could transfer himself, there were no rides that he wouldn’t be able to access.

Owen had been ecstatic with relief. He’d already put his family through so much, with doctor’s appointments and changed schedules and just a general disruption of their lives. He didn’t know what he would have done if they’d had to cancel their vacation on account of him.

But even though the first morning had been gentle – just a few easy rides (well, most of the rides at Magic Kingdom were easy) – Owen wasn’t feeling great after climbing off the Jungle Cruise boat. The prior day of travel had taken a toll, and, even in March, the rising Florida heat was threatening his comfort.

Back out in the sun, Owen’s vision swam a bit. He took a deep breath, trying to ignore the first prickles of a headache creeping up the base of his skull. He’d barely even done anything; how could he be tired already?

With effort, Owen directed his attention to his family’s conversation. Jo and Emma were happily discussing the guide’s jokes from the Jungle Cruise, with Neil eagerly supplying his own themed puns. Hunter, as usual, didn’t contribute much, but did let a little excitement slip through when the topic switched to their next destination.

Space Mountain.

Owen shuddered, then instantly hoped that no one noticed. Luckily, for the first time in months, none of the attention seemed to be on him. It was exactly what he had hoped for.

They were all acting just like a normal family.

No one was fretting or asking if he was OK. Emma wasn’t nervously wringing her hands, old enough to be worried, but too young to really understand how to help. Hunter wasn’t ducking his head, seemingly desperate to be anywhere but around his weak embarrassment of a brother.

So Owen smiled. He looked down at his watch and confirmed what he’d thought; if they were heading to Space Mountain, then it was almost lunchtime. They’d go on the ride and then find somewhere to eat and rest.

Taking deeper breaths, Owen took stock of his body, just like his therapist had taught him. He had a tiny headache, but it wasn’t too bad. He felt a little tired – enough to know that he likely wouldn’t be able to walk very far right now – but not enough to make him slump over in the chair. He was sweating a bit, but they’d be inside soon, where it would be cooler. And he had to pee, but only in the normal, late-morning way, nothing urgent.

As they crossed into Tomorrowland, Owen perked up a bit. It had been years since he’d ridden Space Mountain for the first time, but the giant, white structure hadn’t changed. Their passes would let them skip the long line, he’d enjoy the ride, and then he’d get to take a bit of a break.

The inside of the building was blessedly dark and cool. Owen inhaled deeply, grateful for the air conditioning. Shelter from the bright, warm sunlight made him much more confident in his decision to saying nothing about how he was feeling.

Of course, in nearly the same moment that Owen started to feel more comfortable, his wheelchair hit a small bump on the floor, jostling his body and, more importantly, his bladder. It wasn’t drastic – he didn’t leak or anything – but he was reminded, for the billionth time in the past 6 months, that his body was not his own. He couldn’t just excuse himself to run to the bathroom; he’d have to ask his dad to take him after the ride, or at least hope that someone else in the family suggested a bathroom stop on the way to lunch.

The FastPasses worked as promised, and the family strolled past the standard line, scanning their bands and turning off to the side to the accessible entrance. They came out on the opposite side of the tracks as the other people in line, an attentive ride attendant ready to help them into the seats.

Owen smiled and responded with the appropriate level of excitement when the attendant asked if he was ready, but he cringed internally when he stood to transfer into the car. It wasn’t that he was hurt or sore; he still just hated the idea of what other people thought seeing a generally healthy-looking teen boy stand up from a wheelchair. People in wheelchairs shouldn’t just be able to get up on their own and slide into a roller coaster car, not if they were getting special, line-skipping treatment at Disney World.

There were enough challenges being sixteen without having an invisible illness.

There were six seats in each car, all one behind the other, so the Keatings got a car all to themselves. Emma was giggling nervously, and Neil was grinning like a kid. Nestled into the seat with the lap bar pulled down, Owen felt the old tug of impending thrill. He’d always loved roller coasters, and even though he knew that Space Mountain was nothing compared to the 400-foot behemoths that now graced amusement parks around the world, it was still the most intense ride the Magic Kingdom had to offer. Given his current low-level headache and weariness, Owen figured that a comparatively gentle roller coaster was the way to go.

The car slowly rolled forward, and another attendant double-checked the security of the lap bars. With a final thumbs-up, the attendant set off the ride.

For the first few seconds, Owen grinned. The ride wasn’t too fast, and the light and sound effects were rife with cheesy, outdated ideas of futurism.

But then, the car sped up, whizzing around curves. It still wasn’t particularly fast, but the darkness amplified the twists, leaving Owen to be jerked around with every rise, drop, and change of direction. In moments, he found himself pushing down a rising sense of nausea. He closed his eyes, a near-universal reflex against motion sickness.

The ride seemed to drag on. All Owen could do was try to breathe evenly and pray that it would end soon. He’d get to relax as soon as the ride was over. He could go to the bathroom, he could get something to eat, he could stay inside for a bit…

After far too many seconds of breathing and silently begging, the car slowed to a stop. Nearly overcome with relief, Owen forced his eyes open and twisted his face into a smile at the beaming attendant waiting with his chair.

Through some miracle, Owen was able to climb out of the car and stumble into the waiting chair with at least a little bit of grace. At least, no one in his family seemed to notice the fine sheen of sweat on his forehead. Rather, they were chatting excitedly again, caught up in the Disney magic and already planning their next rides and attractions.

No one seemed to catch onto the fact that Owen was taking deep, gulping breaths, fiercely trying to quell the churning in his stomach. Neil was pushing Owen’s chair faster than was strictly comfortable, but Owen decided that speed was probably in his best interest. They’d just get to one of the restaurants, and then a bathroom, and then…

Owen’s train of thought was cut off by an overwhelming burst of sunlight. They had stepped outside, and the heat and brightness sent Owen reeling.

“Lunch time!” Jo called cheerfully. “Where do we want to go? Owe-“

Owen’s mother cut herself off, having looked at her eldest son, who was ghostly pale and slumped in his chair.

“Owen! Neil, stop!”

Neil had already stopped pushing, but he put the brakes on Owen’s chair and crouched over his son, trying to get the teen’s attention.

“Owen? Bud, what happened?”

But Owen barely heard his parents calm but urgent pleas. His vision was blurred, and his head lolled to the side. He was so hot, and the sun was too bright, even through his closed eyes. He wanted - needed – to lay down, but he didn’t have the strength to ease himself out of the wheelchair. Not that the thought of lying on the asphalt in the middle of Magic Kingdom was particularly tempting.

A third voice joined the chorus of Owen’s parents. Through the vertiginous haze, Owen realized that a worker must have approached them to see what was wrong. He caught snippets of his parents explaining CFS and the worker offering medical services.

“…rooms…”

“…orthostatic intolerance…”

“…must have pushed him too hard…”

No, thought Owen, utterly unable to make his voice work, you didn’t push me too hard. This isn’t your fault.

As Owen mentally argued against his mother’s voiced guilt, he felt his chair start to move. He didn’t know where they were taking him, but he could still feel his heart pounding in his chest, sweat dripping down his spine.

And suddenly, sweat wasn’t the only thing dripping.

Without even realizing it, Owen had lost control over his bladder. Even through the heat of the air, he felt searing wetness spread from his crotch, twin streams of urine snaking down his inner thighs.

Owen was beyond powerless to stop himself from wetting. A low, pained whine rumbled in the back of his throat, the only reaction he was capable of.

Jo heard the pitiful noise and glanced down. Her face fell in both pity and concern. Owen had never wet himself during an episode before. It was likely that she was right, and the extent of heat and activity had just been too much for him, but she was still worried about what a loss of bladder control might mean about Owen’s illness and ability to recover. Both physically and emotionally.

Owen, his eyes still closed against the sunlight and motion, didn’t see his mother’s distress. Any part of him that wasn’t focused on trying to breath in enough oxygen to stay conscious was caught up in a storm of mortification. As Neil pushed the chair forward as quickly as he could without jostling, Owen felt a pool of urine slosh back between his legs, unable to soak into the plastic seat material.

Just as Owen felt his accident dribble to a stop, a blast of air conditioning made him gasp. They were inside somewhere, somewhere quiet and out of the painfully bright sun.

Still, it wasn’t until Owen felt strong arms under his arms and knees lift him onto a bed or cot or something that he figured out they must have brought him to a behind-the-scenes clinic. Disney had everything, after all.

Finally flat on his back, Owen instantly felt his nausea start to dissipate. The combination of cooler temperature, lack of sunlight, and soft pillow acted as a tonic, and Owen felt his heart rate slow.

After a minute or so of lying still, Owen felt settled enough to turn on his side and curl into a slightly more comfortable position. He opened his eyes into slits, taking in his surroundings.

As he’d suspected, he was on a hospital-style bed in what looked to be a very calm emergency room. The bed was against a wall, with a curtain hanging at the foot, presumably to be drawn around the bed for privacy. His parents were standing hear his head, talking to a nurse who Owen hadn’t heard approach. Hunter and Emma were standing off to the side, Emma biting her lip and Hunter standing with his hands in his pockets, shoulders hunched. Owen couldn’t see his face, but he was sure his younger brother was irritated, at best.

Owen closed his eyes again, this time to shield from the shameful view of what he’d done to his family. He hated being such a burden, such a barrier to a normal vacation, a normal life. He pressed his eyelids down, trying to hold back the film of tears that had gathered.

He’d already ruined his family’s day. The least he could do was not be a big baby on top of it.

Jo had seen the movement in her son, though. She paused her conversation with the nurse.

“O? How are you feeling, honey?”

Owen blinked his eyes open and tried to give his mom a reassuring look. “Better,” he croaked. “Laying down helps.”

The nurse smiled. “I’m just gonna take some of your stats to see if we need to do anything else. Is that OK?”

“Mm-hmm.” Owen held out his arm for the blood pressure cuff. No one said anything yet about his accident, but in the air conditioned room, his wet shorts were chilly against his thighs.

As the nurse wrapped a blood pressure cuff around Owen’s arm, he saw Hunter approach their dad, muttering something into Neil’s ear. Neil nodded, and Hunter turned and walked out of the room, not looking at Owen.

Owen closed his eyes again as the blood pressure cuff eased. His brother couldn’t even stand being in the same room as him.

“Ninety over sixty,” the nurse informed Jo and Neil. “A bit low, but that’s to be expected. His color is coming back, so I don’t think we need to start an IV.”

Jo smiled in relief, grateful for the confirmation that Owen would be OK.

“I’m going to go file some paperwork.” The nurse looked over at Emma. “But maybe I could take this princess to find some lunch for everyone?”

Emma grinned hesitantly. She’d been scared by Owen’s crash, and now that the nurse had said he wasn’t too sick, she was ready to get back to vacation. She glanced over at her parents, who nodded their assent, and Emma happily skipped off with the nurse.

Hearing his sister leave, Owen chanced to open his eyes again. Neil and Jo were talking quietly, trying to figure out what to do.

“Should I just take him back to the hotel?” Jo asked.

“Do you think moving him is the best idea?” Neil countered.

“Would they even let us stay here?”

“Maybe, but he’s gonna need a change of clothes. We can’t leave him in wet shorts.”

Owen squeezed his eyes shut, curling on the bed. A single tear slipped out of the corner of his right eye, trickling sideways down toward his temple on the pillow.

“I could go back to the hotel and get him clean clothes,” Jo offered. “But that might take awhile, and you and the kids would have to stay here and wait for me. I don’t want to ask the medical staff to stay with Owen if neither of us are here.”

“Well, let’s wait until Hunter and Emma get back, and we’ll figure out what we can do.” Neil’s voice, like Jo’s, stayed low and muttering, but in the silent, sterile clinic, Owen could hear every word.

He wanted to sink into the bed and disappear. Well, more accurately, he wanted to not be sick. He wanted to be a regular sixteen-year-old, not one who couldn’t even ride a basic roller coaster without spazzing out and pissing himself.

“Lunch time!” Emma chirped brightly, having returned with the nurse and a tray full of burgers and fries. A second staff member followed with an armful of bottled water.

Owen opened his eyes at the sound of his little sister’s voice, trying to smile and now look at miserable and useless as he felt.

“Oh, this looks great!” Jo cooed. “Thank you so much!”

Emma beamed. “We went the secret way!”

The nurse smiled. “We only show our must trustworthy princesses the secret passageways to the kitchens.” She set the tray down on a small table, and Emma reached for the food.

“OK, sweetie, let’s just wait for Hunter,” Jo cautioned.

“I’m here.” Hunter slunk into the room, holding a merchandise bag down by his side.

Jo and Neil exchanged a look, indicating that whatever Hunter had whispered to Neil, it hadn’t involved shopping.

“Hey, honey,” Jo said, questioning, but Hunter walked right past her.

“Here,” he reached into the bag and pulled out a pair of brightly-colored board shorts, patterns with little Mickey Mouses, plus a pair of pinstriped boxers.

Owen looked up at his brother, too stunned and still too tired to lift his head from the pillow. He opened his mouth to thank him, but Hunter, having handed his brother the clean clothes, had already turned away and joined Emma to dig into the cheeseburgers.

Owen was dazed. He hadn’t put a lot of thought into where Owen went, but he never would have guessed that the teen had somehow left to find clean clothes for him. As Owen was trying to make sense of this unexpected kindness, his mom drew the curtain around the bed, and the nurse passed in a wet cloth.

“Do you need help, sweetie?” Jo whispered.

Blushing, Owen started to shake his head, but decided against any extra movement of his still-aching cranium. “No,” he murmured. “I can do it.”

He wasn’t actually 100% sure he had the energy to clean himself and change into the dry clothes, but he was 200% sure that he couldn’t bear the thought of his mother wiping down his naked privates, cleaning off dried urine. Not after everything else.

Jo slipped back out through the curtain, and Owen gingerly rolled onto his back. He was, admittedly, feeling loads better, but he knew excess movement would set him back. Positioning his feet and hands, he pressed his hips off the bed and managed to pull down his soaked shorts and underwear in one motion. He had the presence of mind to pull his phone out of the pocket and set it beside him on the bed.

Even that effort had Owen sweating. He took his time, trying not to think about how humiliating it was to have to take so long to clean himself up after an accident. Still, it was better than having someone help him. Slowly, carefully, he wiped himself down with the cloth left by the nurse and slid into the new boxers and shorts. With what he was sure was the last of his functional energy, he crumpled up his wet shorts and stuffed them into the bag that Hunter had left.

Completely spent – and hating himself for it – Owen sunk back into the pillow, breathing through his mouth. It had probably only been about 20 minutes since they’d ridden Space Mountain, but Owen felt like he’d aged several years. He was exhausted, and he knew he wouldn’t be able to join his siblings in the park for the rest of the afternoon, but he yearned to fix things, to somehow claw back some of the dignity he’d lost by wetting his pants in the middle of Disney World.

“Hey, sweetie.” Jo pulled back the curtain to check on her son. “You all set?”

“Yeah,” Owen breathed, unable to respond in any more detail.

“Good,” Jo stroked his hair. “The nurse said we can stay here as long as we need, so you can rest. Your dad will take Hunter and Emma back outside to go on more rides and stuff.”

Owen hummed reflexively, relieved that his siblings wouldn’t be stuck in the clinic with him.

Jo smiled sadly. She still felt guilty for not being more attentive to Owen, but she knew the best thing for him now was to rest.

“I’ll be right here, OK, hun? If you need anything, just call.”

“Uh-huh,” Owen whispered, curling up on his side. He knew he’d probably sleep the whole afternoon.

But as Jo closed the curtain again, Owen reached for his phone. He could barely keep his eyes open, and he couldn’t move more than a tiny bit at a time, but he just had to do something.

Thanks

Owen sucked in a breath, staring at his phone screen. After a moment, the three dots appeared, showing that Hunter was texting him back.

###

Owen let out the breath that he’d been holding. He hadn’t even really expected a response from the 13-year-old, but he was emboldened by the quick answer and the enhanced sense of privacy from being surrounded by a curtain.

No I mean it. I don’t know what I would’ve done if you hadn’t done that, and I don’t think Mom and Dad knew either.

Another pause, this one longer, and more dots.

I just asked a worker if they had shorts in the store. Nbd. Its what brothers do

Owen’s eyes filled with tears. He didn’t know if was making things worse by texting, but he’d opened the tap of everything he hadn’t felt able to say to his younger brother for the past six months.

Yeah, but I’m your older brother. You shouldn’t have to take care of me.

U shouldn’t have 2 b sick. Life sux sumtimes

Owen nearly gasped. When had his little brother become so wise?

Despite the creeping, insistent exhaustion, Owen felt emotionally better than he had in months. Hunter didn’t hate him. Yeah, things sucked, but his family didn’t blame him, not really.

Owen had the ghost of a smile on his face as he typed out his last text.

Yeah, well, I’ll pay you back for the clothes.

His phone vibrated one more time before much-needed sleep took over.

Ya u will :)

*005*2018-03-25 01:55

{{On 3/18/2018 at 7:50 PM, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent

}}

Thank you!

{{On 3/19/2018 at 10:10 PM, The Odd One said:

That was cute!! I love the brotherly stuff!

}}

Thanks! One of my favorite topics :)

{{On 3/21/2018 at 8:20 AM, JT Bull said:

???

}}

Thanks for reading!

{{On 3/21/2018 at 3:32 PM, Pilly Christal said:

Aww, I liked it! It was so cute, but at the same time it was sad... I still love your characters.

}}

I seem to be incapable of writing without the sad :/ Thank you so much for all your comments!

