Floatzel's teasing [EXPLICIT]

Author: shaun2369

*000*2022-11-25 18:24

There is a sex scene in this fanfic. Children, do not view this!

Rated: Fiction M | Categories: Sex, peeing, internet porn

Two waters, and a coffee, and a large cup of lemonade. That's everything that had gone into Raichu's body since early this morning. He had spent his day working and had gone through a long traffic jam home. Finally, he pulled into his parking lot, his bladder filled to the brim and bulging out of his stomach. All he could think about was getting inside and rushing towards the restroom.

Raichu got out the car, quickly scurrying inside and running towards the bathroom. He went to open the door, but to his horror, the knob wouldn't turn.

"F-floatzel?!" Raichu banged on the door, calling out to his roommate, and boyfriend, Floatzel. "A-are you in there?!"

"Hm?" Floatzel had just gotten out the shower, and was drying himself off. "Raichu? That you, dear?"

"Y-yeah! Um...! C-can you hurry up in there?!" Raichu's hands were jammed in his crotch. "I really really gotta relieve myself!"

Floatzel's ears perked up, the idea of his boyfriend desperate to pee was endearing... and rather arousing. He wanted to probe the idea more.

"Oh? Did you drink too much today?" Floatzel went up to the door, smirking as he verbally teased him through it.

"Y-yes I did! I-I didn't get a chance to go at school... Please h-hurry in there!"

"You know I coooould... just, yknow, not open this door..."

Raichu quickly realized Floatzel was teasing him, this was common between them, and it made his face heat up.

"N-no no no Floatzel! P-please you know I have a small bladder-"

"But you've waited this long... I'm sure you could hold it the rest of the day if I just stayed in here!"

Raichu whined and clutched his crotch tightly. His bladder was ready to explode any second if the pent-up ocean inside him didn't get released soon.

"F-floatzel please, please l-let me in! I-I'm about to make a mess on the floor!" Raichu shut his eyes tight, trying so hard to keep his flood from bursting out of him.

As hot as Floatzel found his boyfriend's whines, he did love him and wanted to do give what he needed. He slowly opened the door, wrapped in his towel.

Floatzel gasped, running inside, only to be grabbed by his boyfriend's paw.

"W-wh-" Floatzel pulled him close, kissing him on the lips. Raichu's paws jammed tighter into his crotch, but he also greatly enjoyed the kiss.

"Mmmmm~" Floatzel slowly let go, holding his boyfriend close to him. "You really gotta go, don't you? You didn't even say hi~" He smirked at his whining boyfriend.

"F-floatzel... please..." Raichu's legs quivered, he was moments away from making a mess of the floor they were standing on.

Floatzel couldn't deny him any longer, letting go of him. "Alright, you can go~"

Raichu rushed over to the urinal, immediately letting his stream gush out into the urinal. He moaned in bliss, his head hanging back as he got his incredible relief. Floatzel came up behind him, rubbing his head gently, his paw going towards Raichu's bulging bladder. He lightly pressed down onto it, causing more pee to gush out of Raichu faster, and making the embarrassed EleMouse moan louder in pleasure.

"Gosh..." Floatzel kissed his neck as Raichu peed. "You really had a lot in there, huh?"

Raichu whined. "I-I did... haaaa..." His legs were still shaking from pure bliss. Only when Floatzel pressed down harder on his bladder did his stream finally start to die down, soon slowing to a stop.

"Better, honey?" Floatzel smiled at him.

"M...much..." Raichu looked down shyly. He had really enjoyed that, especially Floatzel teasing him.

"Now that you're done... What do you say we get to bed?" Floatzel's paws went to Raichu's hips, making his face turn red.

"O-oh! A-alright!" Raichu's tail was waving excitedly.

(Fair warning! This is where the sexual stuff starts.)

Floatzel scooped his boyfriend up, carrying him to their bedroom and setting him down.

"Before we sleep..." Floatzel kissed Raichu's cheek. "Why don't we have a little fun~?"

RAichu's already red face turned a darker shade. "P-please..."

With that, Floatzel's paws went to his boyfriend's fluffy thighs. Gently rubbing them and causing Raichu to whine, he was already getting aroused, noticeable by his penis beginning to rise...

Floatzel chuckled. "Excitedly already, huh? You must've been wanting this..."

He bent down, his head going between Raichu's thighs and kissing his penis. Causing a flustered whined from Raichu who covered his face.

"Just relax, okay? I'm gonna make this amazing for you..."

"O-okay..." RAichu peaked from behind his paws, looking at his boyfriend with a trusting gaze.

Floatzel quickly went down on RAichu's dick, starting to eagerly suck at it. RAichu moaned loudly, his legs shook trying not to close in on Riolu's head.

"O-oohhh... Floatzel... keep going..." Raichu lightly pushed a paw on Floatzel's head, motivating him to suck faster, his tongue gliding across Raichu desperate cock. Raichu could help moaning and whining louder and louder as his legs began to quiver wildly.

Floatzel! Haa!" Raichu could feel himself getting fuller by the second, now holding back his load.

Floatzel took more of Minccino's dick in, his tongue practically dancing all around it excitedly waiting for his climax.

"F***! Haa! Floatzel I'm gonna break the s*** out of you!" With a massive moan, Raichu's load bursted out of his dick and directly into Floatzel's mouth and his legs clamped onto his face. Floatzel moaned as he took in Raichu's cum and swallowed it happily.

"Mmmmm~" Floatzel's head came up and he licked his lips. "That was delicious..." He sat up, his own erection now visible.

Raichu took a moment to catch his breath, looking at Floatzel's dick. "U-um..." Raichu looked away. "D-do you... need some help too?"

"Well... I could use a stress reliever~" Floatzel looked down at Raichu's ass. "Mind turning over?"

Raichu blushed wildly, but nodded, turning himself over such that his soft ass was stuck up, facing Floatzel. Floatzel gazed in awe, getting up on his knees and getting into position.

"I'm gonna go slow, just tell me if its too much."

Floatzel slowly pushed his dick into Raichu's butt, making both of them moan out in pleasure. Floatzel eagerly started to thrust inside him, their whines growing louder with each time he forced himself into Raichu's soft ass.

"H-haa! F-faster!" Raichu moaned out in pleasure as Floatzel passionately pounded him. "Don't s-stop!"

Riolu kept going, leaning his paw down to start rubbing Raichu's dick while f*cking him. This made Raichu's moans escalate way louder, his whole body was shaking as he was about to cum again already.

"Nnngh! Floatzel!" Raichu covered his face again. "C-can't hold it!"

Floatzel grunted, he himself was holding back a large load, and started to thrust even faster. "M-me neither...!"

With a loud moan from both lovers, they both hit their climaxes. Floatzel came directly into Raichu's lovely a**, while Raichu blew his second load all over the bedsheets, making a rather large mess of them.

The two collapsed on the bed, Floatzel pulled out of Raichu and pulled him close like a plushy.

"Was that good?" looked down at his exhausted boyfriend.

"V-very..." Raichu spoke shakily, tired but very satisfied.

