Summer with Snape - Page 4

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*077*2011-12-28 00:38

I love that you guys always review after you read, that is the main reason why I update frequently..I like knowing you guys enjoyed what you read.

As long as you keep commentiing I'll keep updating...(even if you dont I still will anyways lol) I love writing

I'm glad you guys like where its going

{{:

Great chapters! I'm so glad you're keeping up with this story, its absolutely wonderful! I can't wait for more!

}}

{{:

I love your frequent updates! I love this story so much, it really is fantastic! Update soon (: (: <3

}}

{{:

Excellent! I love this developing story!

}}

{{:

Love it!

}}

{{:

Love it Please please update

}}

*079*2011-12-28 02:16

Chapter 15

Harry awoke in his bed to his stomach churning something awful. He tried to breathe deeply to calm his belly but he knew what was coming so he quickly ran to the toilet. He made it just in time to heave the contents of his stomach in the bowl. He felt horrible as he washed his mouth out with water to rid himself of the taste. Looking in the mirror he saw that his face was flushed and his eyes looked glassy, he knew without a doubt that he was sick.

Making his way back to his bed, he fell back into an uneasy sleep, never noticing that Snape wasn’t even in the room. He woke back up in the middle of the night to find that the wet bed was the least of his worries. He didn’t know where his glasses were, and he didn’t have the time to find them. Not unless he wanted to spill his guts all over the carpet. Ignoring the feeling of his wet pants chafing his legs, he headed to the loo blindly and in the dark. He was almost there when his stomach decided to release itself all over the floor. He tried not to cry, this was another time he wished that he still had his parents. As the tears came in anyway Snape came out of nowhere and started cleaning him up, all the while whispering words that didn’t make sense.

“It’s ok child, it was an accident. Let’s get you out of those wet and messy clothes and cleaned up.”

Severus was awoken by soft whimpering, looking at the bed across from his, he couldn’t see the child. A quick glance towards the loo and he found him, standing near a puddle of sick. The boy was in wet pants as well; couldn’t the child just catch a break for once? He couldn’t imagine how the boy felt, but he was done keeping his silence and letting the boy think he was dealing with it by himself. He was the adult here, and he wouldn’t be neglecting the child like his damn relatives did.

“Accidents happen Harry, and I will not make fun of you for it,” Severus said as he led the boy into the loo.

Running the bath he sat the boy on the toilet and returned to clean up the puddle of sick on the floor. Quickly scourgifying the mess away on the floor and cleaning the bed, he headed back into the bathroom and undressed the child before setting him in the tub. He knew the boy was awake because of the steady stream of tears that ran from his eyes, gently cleaning the boy and getting his ready for bed. He carried the crying child to bed, where he gently carded his fingers through his hair as he fell asleep.

He was awoken a few hours later to the boy trying to quietly clean up a puddle of sick by hand. He swore silently he had forgotten to set a bin by the child’s bed. Quickly spelling the mess away he got the child cleaned up and gave him some potions before tucking him in bed once again. Severus did that over the course of 3 days, he was there for the boy every time he emptied his stomach or wet his bed, and he never complained about anything. He knew the child didn’t want to be sick and he wasn’t about to treat him wrong for something he couldn’t help.

On the fourth morning Harry woke up better than he had been those last few days. Not even the fact that he was sitting in a wet bed could take away his happiness, then he realized something. He could remember waking up Snape in the night…oh no!

He glanced at the man asleep in the bed across from him; he had seen him wet the bed when he was sick? Maybe he could blame it on being ill? He tensed as the man stirred and he froze in his bed willing the man not to wake up. His pleas went unnoticed, when he saw the man turn towards his fearful expression. He saw the man’s face soften but he didn’t know what to say so he stayed quiet.

“Are you feeling any better Harry?”

“Yes sir,” he answered eyes on his blanket.

“Did you wet the bed today Harry?”

“I didn’t do it on purpose; I’ll try to stop honest.” Harry babbled hysterically. Why didn’t the man understand that he didn’t want to wet his bed, it just happened.

“Hush child, I know it’s not your fault. As I stated before accidents happen, I need to ask you something though. Do you normally wet the bed?”

Harry glared at the blanket, he wasn’t angry with the man but at himself. Why did he have to get sick, and let him find out? He was 12 years old, too old to be doing this.

“Sometimes, can I go take a shower?”

“In just a minute Harry, what do you mean by sometimes?” Severus asked wanting to get to the bottom of this problem.

“I don’t know sir, can I go to the loo?”

“When you get done answering my questions, did this ever happen at Hogwarts?” Severus pressed.

Harry struggled to keep his tears at bay from his frustrations. Didn’t the man understand that he didn’t want to talk about this now? Why was he ignoring his wishes now? He did not want to spill his secrets to Snape, what if he got angry? He could use this information against him, and what if he did it at Hogwarts? He needed time to come up with other answers that would satisfy the man without him feeling guilty about lying to him, especially after the man took care of him when he was sick.

“Yes, when I usually came back from…Oh!” Harry said bending forward in the bed, he had found his distraction.

“What’s wrong Harry?” Severus asked a hand automatically reaching out to help.

“Can I go to the loo now?” Harry asked again eyes widening.

“I know Harry you wish to take a shower, just let us finish this…” Severus asked trying not to let his irritation show at the boy across from him trying to stall the conversation.

“No not a shower, am I allowed to go pee sir?” Harry interrupted eyes filling with tears.

Severus’s own eyes widen he had forgotten about that, of course the child needed to use the toilet. And here he was preventing the child from going when he asked ahead instead of waiting until the last minute. Originally Severus thought the boy was trying to get out of the conversation, but judging by the boy’s expression he could tell he had been wrong.

“I’m so sorry Harry, of course you can go.” Severus replied hastily getting out of the child’s way.

Harry felt a little bad, as he ran into the toilet. On one hand he did need to use the loo, but not as bad as he played it out to be. In a sense he just needed a moment to himself. None of his friends knew about his night time problems and if he had his way they never would. When he was told he would be staying with Snape, the fact that he was getting away from the Durselys made him throw out all caution to the wind, he just didnt think, and now Snape knew his dirty little secret. He was so ashamed of it; he had been doing it ever since he was 9 when Uncle Vernon accidently stepped on him. He shook his head at the memory, and willed it away as he finished up in the loo.

“You can take your shower Potter; we’ll finish this discussion later.”

Harry turned on the shower and wondered if Snape knew that he switched between calling him his first and last name. Now that he thought about it, since when did Snape call him Harry?

When he came out of the loo after his shower, he knew he couldn’t put off the conversation any longer, and a part of him was glad that he wasn’t dealing with this alone anymore. Besides so what if Snape told, he could always deny it right? He was getting ready for the man to start in on his questions but he never did. What was he waiting for?

“Harry, I didn’t find out you wet the bed because you were sick. I knew the very first night, in the first hotel. You thought I was asleep, but I wasn’t. I haven’t made fun of you then and I won’t now, I am nothing like your relatives. Would you believe me if I said I only wish to help you?”

Harry was gaping like a fish, and he had to struggle to close his flapping jaw. Snape knew that long, and didn’t say anything.

“Why didn’t you say anything then? Why didn’t you help you?” Harry asked, trying to ignore the flash of hurt that was seeping into his chest, at the thought of Snape letting him suffer on his own.

“I did help you, you foolish child. Why do you think your bed was dry and clean every time you got out of the shower?”

“That was you?” Harry asked eyes wide. “I thought it was Tigger.”

Severus had to fight the twitch off his lips as he took in the boy’s words.

“No it was me, I was just waiting for you to tell me yourself, but then you got sick and I was not going to ignore then, just to save you the embarrassment.”

“Oh…well thank you Professor,” Harry choked out blinking rapidly to dissolve the sudden tears from his eyes. He was really, really touched at his teacher’s gesture.

“I didn’t mind Harry,” Severus replied throwing off the thanks and pretending he didn’t see the boy wiping away tears. He knew the child shouldn’t be thanking him for looking after him when he was sick, someone should be doing it anyways.

“When you call me foolish child, you aren’t calling me stupid are you?”

“Of course not you daft boy, it’s a term of endearment. At least it is coming from me; surely you must know that right?”

“Yes, I do now anyway.” Harry answered grinning widely, Snape liked him.

“So what do you want for breakfast?” Severus finally asked wanting to get away from how mushy the conversation had turned.

“Whatever you have is fine,” Harry stated still smiling.

*082*2011-12-28 06:15

I just felt like updating another chapter before I went to bed, I'll of course update tomorow too lol. This chapter features the muggle doctor appointment, I'm sorry their hasnt been any omo in like the previous 2 chapters..I'll make sure there is at least desperation in the next one..the story tends to have a mind of its own. Anyways on to the story...

Chapter 16

Harry had thought that he would still be embarrassed or that Snape would tease him for something he couldn’t control but he didn’t. He was not beginning to understand that the man really did like him now, and he actually liked Snape back. Ron would be freaked out Harry could already imagine the look on his face. He awoke the next day after the talk about his nighttime habits alone. Snape wasn’t in the room, but there was a note on the dresser that said he was getting breakfast. Not knowing what else to do he was in the process of stripping off his wet sheets when Snape walked in.

The man froze in the doorway as he took sight of Harry trying to change the sheets. He quickly waved his wand, and cleaned everything up before making the bed.

“I can’t wait until I can use magic outside of school,” Harry muttered to himself.

“When you’re of age, it’ll come soon enough,” Severus replied.

“That’ll be forever,” Harry grumbled half-heartedly.

“Hurry up and eat breakfast Harry because we have somewhere to be in 2 hours.”

“Ok, where are we going today?” Harry asked excited.

“Well in 2 hours you have an appointment with a muggle doctor…” Severus broke off as Harry’s angry voice penetrated the room.

“What do you mean I have an appointment? I’m not sick, so why do I have to see a doctor?”

“Stop yelling Mr. Potter, I do not like your tone.” Severus asked eyes narrowing.

Harry recognizing his Professor’s tone as one he usually heard in the classroom, he quickly shut his mouth. He did not want to do something stupid and have the rest of the trip canceled.

“As I was saying, you are seeing a muggle doctor so they could find out what seems to be the cause of your bedwetting. I know you want to keep this between us Harry, but I can’t do that. This is interfering with your sleep, and something else may be wrong. If you don’t complain at all, the entire time we are at the doctors, you get to choose what we’re going to do today. Does that sound fair to you?”

Harry knew that he didn’t really have a choice, but he was happy that the man tried to think that he did. He was giving him a chance to act mature instead of being a brat, we’ll he was going to just hush up and go along with it.

“Yea that sounds fair, when are we leaving?”

“Now if you’re ready, get your video game it might be awhile before we get there.”

Despite the fact that Snape didn’t exactly know where he was going, they made it to the office with plenty of time to spare. Waiting outside in the waiting room was boring and Harry was grateful that Snape had told him to get his game. He played it for 45 minutes before the doctor called them in.

Harry took one look at the man doctor, and started backing up instantly. He was not about to be looked at by a male, what the hell was Snape thinking. He found himself pressed against Snape’s stomach, with the man trying to prod him further, but he wasn’t moving.

“Harry, do you remember our deal,” Severus said eyes glaring at him.

“You never said anything about the doctor being a man.” Harry replied angrily.

“What does it matter if…” Severus closed his eyes as he himself remembered what happened in the diner.

“I’m sorry Dr. Jenson, but Harry recently had a scare when a man attacked him in a loo. Do you have any female doctors here, if not I’m very sorry for having wasted your time.”

“Oh no, that’s not a problem at all Mr. Prince. If you don’t mind waiting a few extra minutes Dr. Jenson will be out shortly.”

“But isn’t your name Dr. Jenson?” Harry asked confusion in his tone and on his face, and why the heck was he calling Snape Prince?

“Yes, but I was talking about my wife Harry,” he answered gently.

“Oh,” Harry replied blushing.

Like he said, in just a few short minutes she arrived to take them to a room. She seemed a bit intimidated after taking in Snape’s blank face she decided she wanted to talk to Harry alone. Although Harry wasn’t that comfortable with the situation he gave it a go because Snape promised to be just outside.

“Hello Harry, how are you doing today?”

“I’m fine m’am,” he replied almost silently.

“What seems to be the problem?”

“I sometimes wet the bed, although lately it’s been happening every night now and I don’t know why.”

“I think I might have the answer to that, I just need to take a few x-rays. But I’m sure it’s probably due to your body growing, and I think your bladder is taking its time to grow unlike the rest of you. But like I said we won’t know until after the x-ray.”

“Oh, if that’s all you wanted to talk about, then why couldn’t my dad stay in here with me?”

“Usually children are embarrassed to have their parents in here with them when we talk. I take you aren’t embarrassed?”

“I was when I thought he didn’t know, but he’s known for a while. He just said he was waiting for me to come to him.”

“And you did that’s why you’re here, am I right?”

“Well no, I got some kind of summer flu and I thought he found out then. He just said he wasn’t going to keep pretending he didn’t know for the sake of me being embarrassed for a little bit.”

“That sounds about right; he was probably worried about you.”

“He was, he was always there whenever I sicked up, which was a lot.”

“That what parents do Harry, now I need you to take off your shirt.”

“Why what for?” Harry asked looking towards the door.

“To check your heart and to make sure you have nothing wrong. You father stated that you were here for a full check up.”

“Oh, ok I didn’t know so I was just asking.”

“That’s quite alright Harry.”

Harry took off his shirt then without a second thought, he didn’t realize that anything was even wrong until he heard her gasp. When she faced him again, her face looked like she was struggling to hold in her tears.

“What’s wrong m’am?”

“Harry, where did you get those scars on your back?”

“What scars?”

“The ones that looked like someone beat you. Who did that to you Harry? Was it your dad? You can tell me Harry, he can’t hurt you again I promise.”

Harry was confused; this woman was jumping to conclusions. Snape would never hit him, he even said so before Harry had to ask. He didn’t want to be in here with her anymore, she was being very nosy. He reached for his shirt on the table, keeping his eyes on her the whole time.

“I think it’s time for me to leave,” he answered walking backwards to the door.

“I’m sorry Harry, but you can’t go anywhere. It’s against the law for me to let you go back into an abusive home.” She stated making her way to grab him from leaving.

“HE DOESN’T ABUSE ME, SO JUST SHUT UP. MY DADDY WOULD NEVER HURT ME LIKE MY UNCLE DID, HE PROMISED!”

Harry stood there chest heaving glaring at her, it was a wonder his accidental magic didn’t flare up. How dare she accuse Snape of hurting him?

“Does your father know about the welts Harry?” She asked softly, looking at the door wondering if the man heard his son’s outburst.

“I don’t want to talk to you anymore, your mean.” Harry said knowing that he sounded like a little kid, but how dare she?

“I apologize Harry, I didn’t mean to accuse I was just trying to get to the bottom of it. Follow Nurse Sydney and she’ll help with your x-rays, while I’ll talk to your dad.”

Harry followed the nurse out the door, only stopping once to give in to the childish urge to stick his tongue out at his doctor before continuing down the hall.

Severus was wondering what was taking so long, he was just about to go and ask the nurse what was taking so long when the doctor herself appeared in the doorway.

“Mr. Prince, could I talk to you for a moment?”

“Of course,” he replied getting up and following her into her office.

“Where’s Harry?” He asked when her office revealed no one else in it but them.

“He’s getting an x-ray done; I want to make sure everything is ok.”

“That’s good, has he been behaving?”

“Yes, but I believe we got into a bit of an argument.”

“What was it about?”

“I saw some welts on his back, and my first question was who did it. He didn’t seem to want to answer so I thought he was scared, but when I asked if it was you I got a reaction. I of course meant no disrespect Mr. Prince, its protocol. I will say that at the very least Harry is very angry with me.”

Severus was angry with her himself, but he understood her position just the same. Did he really look like he abused children? He shook his head at that ridiculous thought, of course not, he wasn’t his father. He of course knew the boy had welts, having seen the dream of his Uncle beating him.

“What did he do?” Severus asked hand coming to cover his eyes.

“Yelled at me, that you would never hurt him like his Uncle; he called me mean before stating he wasn’t talking to me anymore. The he stuck his tongue out at me,” she finished hiding a smile.

“I want to apologize to you Dr. Jenson; Harry is not usually like that…” Severus started before he was cut off.

“No, it is me who should be apologizing to you Mr. Prince.”

“It’s alright,” Severus answered.

“Thank you, let me just go get the x-rays and we can discuss the findings.”

Severus rolled his eyes to the ceiling, Harry defended his honor. He didn’t much appreciate the boy’s disrespect to the doctor but she had deserved it, and since the child was behaving he was still going to be able to pick out where they were going. He watched her come back in the room about 3 minutes later.

“His x-rays show that a few years ago, his kidneys suffered a terrible blow. Nurse Sydney was able to get it out of him; she said his Uncle ‘accidently’ stepped on him. So besides that he also suffering from a lot of emotional trauma from his abuse. It’s pretty common in children this age, and with a lot of love and care Harry will grow out of it.”

“So there isn’t anything you can do about the bedwetting now?”

“No, although I would invest in some nighttime underwear, it’ll give him more confidence. It will especially help his sleeping habits, because he won’t be waking up because he’s wet.”

“I don’t know, he had this whole aversion to nappies, seeing as he’s 12.”

“I know what you mean, but these look like underwear, just take a look at them in the store.”

“Ok I will, is that all Dr, Jenson?”

“Is sure is, if there is anything you need, don’t hesitate to call.”

“Will do doctor.” Severus replied standing up to walk out the door.

As soon as the door opened he collided with a blur of green and blue. Harry was hugging him like he was afraid of letting go. He could hear the child sniffling, into his shirt.

“Harry what’s wrong child?”

“She was trying to take me away from you,” he cried.

“Harry child…” he trailed off as he picked up the boy and hugged him to his chest.

“I hate her, don’t let her take me. Please sir I’ll be good,” Harry said though it was muffled by Snape’s shirt.

“She’s not taking you away from me your foolish child,” he whispered to the boy.

“Thank you for everything Dr. Jenson, I will be in touch.”

Severus said before turning and walking out of the office and to the car. Sitting in the car, he sat their comforting the brat who lived to cry on his shoulder.

“Hush child, I told you that we were stuck with each other.”

“But she said…she said…” Harry tried as he choked on his tears.

“Hush child, its ok you are staying with me. Where did you want to go?” Severus asked trying to distract the child.

“We never got to go go-karting, can we do that?” Harry asked wiping his face on his sleeve.

“We can, I just want you to lie down on the seat try to sleep, that way when we get there you’ll be well rested.” Severus finished smoothly, not even mentioning you need a nap after that meltdown, he thought to himself.

“Ok,” Harry answered before buckling up and lying down on the seat.

As he drove out of the parking lot, Severus gave himself a pat on the back. Today was a job well done, now would Harry agree to wear the nighttime underwear? Turning the radio on softly, he hummed along to a Beatles song as he drove down the road.

*085*2011-12-28 06:27

{{:

Gah, cuteness abound! Great couple of chapters, as always! Also, Severus gets points for being a Beatles fan :D

}}

Thanks, I appreciate it...of Sev is a beatles fan.. he's cool like that lol B)

{{:

I dont mind that the omo isnt always there...you dont want to make it repeptitive do you?

Awesome chappie.. like usual, there is no point to say please update soon, because you always doo...so just keep up the good work lol

}}

Thank you and I love that you love it

{{:

YAY! Points for awesome Snape! That was such a good chapter!!! I love the way Snape took care of Harry and was so gentle and such! Really awesome Chap! Update soon (: (: <3

}}

Update soon... lol I will I promise..go and check now. Thanks for reading though, and reviewing

{{:

Again... you keep making the story carry on with just enough of Snape's character, that he is recognizable, but at the same time, much warmer towards Harry.

Very nice couple of chapters.

}}

Well I dont want him to be to OOC it wont work not to mention I'll dislike him myself lol...You said before that you hate male omo since you are a male obviously lol how come you like my story then? I'm curious is all..dont stop reading just wondering is all :)

*089*2011-12-29 01:50

{{:

Oh goodness me! Two updates in one day! What have I done to deserve such riches?!

Btw Sydney was a FANTABULOUS choice in a name ;)

}}

I'm guessing its your name? lol

{{:

You update so fast, unbelievable! I love to wake up every morning and know I can read another chapter.

Anyway, great parts again. I must admit that I'm not that much of a fan seeing Harry being this young in stories. I prefer it when people are a bit older. Nevertheless you are a great writer and I like this story. Keep up the good work!

}}

I tend to write Harry a bit childish in my stories, and if I have him older it'll seem like he's regressing or something.. idk..but I'm glad you like it still..

*091*2011-12-29 04:07

Sorry it took so long to get up here, I had to add in the omo...I didnt realize this chapter didnt have the scene. Anyways like always I hope you enjoy it, and Thanks for all the nice things you guys say,this is a really long chapter..sorry once I got started I couldnt stop.

Chapter 17

Severus knew that Harry wanted to go-karting and as soon as he got the underwear they were headed for Buckmore Park Kart Circuit. He had read that they were a great place to drive with the kids, and Harry would enjoy it he was certain. He pulled the car into the market parking lot, where he parked, before reaching into the backseat and picking up Harry. He didn’t want to wake him and besides this would be so much easier if he stayed asleep. Walking in, he had no idea where to go and noticing a woman stocking the shelves he headed for her.

“Excuse me Miss, might you be able to help us?” He asked softly so not to wake the child.

“Yes of course sir, what are you looking for?” She asked also keeping her voice low.

“My son here has started wetting the bed; we just came from the doctor. She stated that its normal but we should still invest in some night time underwear. If we could refrain from anything that looks even remotely similar to a nappy would be appreciated. Harry here has already decided he won’t wear them, but you never know.”

“Oh yes, if you’ll just follow me.”

Severus followed her to an aisle where he was immediately overwhelmed. How did you know which one was for your child? He didn’t even realize that he had started to think of Harry as his own.

“What size is now?”

“Small should be ok.”

“Here you go, if you need anything else just call me,” she replied before going back to fixing the shelves.

Severus grabbed three different brands before going to the checkout line, 5 minutes later they were back on the road. Harry woke up when they arrived and they had a blast trying to race against each other.

Harry was excited right after they went go-karting Snape had promised to take him to a playground so he could play with his car. He hadn’t had a chance to drive with it and he couldn’t wait. Arriving at the park, Harry put the car down and was having a blast. He didn’t notice until he looked around, but he had moved quite a bit of distance away from Snape. As he was turning to go back to his Professor he heard somebody that made his heart stop before doubling back over time.

“Hey freak, what are you doing here?” Dudley yelled.

Harry was terrified, why oh why did he stray this far from Snape?

“Nothing Dudley,” he answered quickly picking up his car.

“Whose car is that? I bet you stole it didn’t you freak?”

“No I didn’t, someone bought it for me. It’s mine.”

“I don’t believe it dad says freaks like you don’t deserve nice things. Give it to, I want it.”

“No!” Harry yelled back at Dudley, Snape had bought him this and it wasn’t leaving his possessions without a fight.

Harry noted that Dudley resembled Uncle Vernon a lot when he got angry. His face was turning colors and Harry decided it would be wise to run. Just as he was turning away, he swore he was about to have a heart attack, Uncle Vernon appeared behind Dudley. He willed his body to run, but he was frozen in shock at his Uncle started towards him. Thankfully his mouth still worked just fine, because he sucked in a lungful of air before screaming as loud as he could.

“DADDY HELP ME!”

Severus’s heart thudded painfully in his chest, ad he heard Harry scream for him. He arrived just in time to see this large man lunge for his child, he didn’t even think before he wandlessy cast a stupefy at the man. He fell over with a thunk, and Severus quickly went over to Harry who seemed to be scared stiff. He picked the boy up who still had a strong grip on his car before address the large boy who was gaping at him.

“Who are you to Harry, and who was that man?”

“That’s my dad and the freak is my cousin. Who are you?” Dudley asked whimpering when he saw the glare Severus was looking at him with.

“His father, I’m an adult wizard. It would be best if you refrain from calling my child names, or I will do exactly to you as I did to your father.”

At that Severus walked away with the still silent boy in his arms. Shaking his head as he got him strapped in the seatbelt, they really couldn’t catch a break could they?

Harry sat in the car unmoving; he had yet to release the grip he had on his car. What are the odds that he meet the Durselys in that park? Shaking away the ‘what if’ thoughts, he smiled through the tears that were in his eyes. Snape had save him again, only this time he had called Harry his child. At the reminder of that thought, he knew he was smiling like a loon, but he was so happy.

“Where are we going now?” He asked, trying to stop grinning his cheeks were starting to hurt.

“Have you ever been to the Cinema?” Severus asked trying to figure out the boy’s changed moods. He himself was still angry with the Durselys but he couldn’t see how Harry wasn’t.

“No, I wasn’t allowed, Dudley was though.” Harry replied head down in shame, his smile was gone now, he was so ashamed.

“Good, then I have the pleasure of taking you to your very first movie.” Severus said interrupting Harry’s dark thoughts.

“Really, cool, are you serious? Are we going now? What are we going to see?” Harry asked excitedly.

“Slow down child, yes we are going now, and yes I’m serious. We are going to be watching a double feature; the first movie is called 3 Ninjas, and the second movie is Aladdin.”

Harry had heard Dean and bunch of other muggleborn kids talking about seeing them this summer, and he was happy to know that he would finally be able to contribute to the conversation of how was your summer. Not to mention he really, really wanted to see Aladdin. But he was curious about one more thing, would Snape allow it?

“Umm, can I have some snacks to watch in the cinema?” Harry asked timidly.

“Of course, my favorite is popcorn and along with milk duds. Don’t you dare tell Albus that either, otherwise I’d never hear the end of it.”Severus said to Harry off-handedly.

“I won’t sir, will I be allowed to try some?” Harry said so softly, Severus nearly missed it.

“You’ll have your own snacks Harry, but you can try some of mine if you like,” Severus stated knowing fully well what the child was really asking.

“Thank you,” Harry said turning to stare at the window.

Professor Snape was letting him have his own snacks, and he could still have some of his teacher’s food if he wanted too. That small act of kindness was almost too much for Harry, and he had to turn away blinking rapidly to keep the tears where they were. When they arrived at the Cinema Harry grabbed Snape’s hand and they walked to the entrance together. He looked around at everyone while his Professor paid for everything, then they finally walked in. Harry’s eyes widened as he took in the arcade, sneaking a quick glance at Snape he decided not to ask, he was already getting his own snacks, and it wouldn't do for him to get greedy.

Severus mentally sighed, just like with the toys Harry didn’t say a thing. Oh he knew the boy wanted to play in the arcade and who could blame him, he and Lily had a blast when they were kids. Making up his mind he led the child to the games and gave him a 5 pound note, telling him to put it into the change machine. They had 30 minutes before their first show started, and he wanted the boy to have this experience. Leaning against the wall, he watched Harry’s smile light up his whole face as he played his game. He would never admit it, but his heart nearly melted when Harry turned around and beamed at him happiness. He found himself blinking away tears for some reason, before chalking it up to dust in his eyes.

Harry was in heaven, now he was quite positive that his Professor could read minds. How did he know that Harry wanted to play video games? As he was finishing up a Mario game he could feel his bladder filling it. It was uncomfortable but it was manageable, he didn’t want to stop playing. All to soon though it was time for them to get their seats. He found himself trying to give Snape back the remaining money but the man wouldn’t take it. Promising to give it back later, he shoved it in his pocket before they headed to the Snack bar.

After they grabbed their snacks, they walked to the theatre. Harry was glad that Snape knew the places on where to sit because he didn’t. As soon as they got comfortable the previews started coming on, then finally the movie had started. About halfway through 3 Ninjas Harry was squirming slightly in his seat, but he tried to ignore it. The popcorn had made him thirsty and he had been drinking his fizzy drink, and now his bladder was paying for it. Oh he had to pee, sneaking a look at Snape; the man seemed so into the movie that he didn’t want to disturb it just because he needed the loo. Reaching into his pants, he grabbed a hold of himself, he knew he could hold it if he really, really tried.

About 30 minutes later he was starting to doubt that he could last; it was all he could do to keep from whimpering. He could barely concentrate on the movie, and it hurt to laugh. Not to mention that Snape would be angry when he found out Harry waited until the last minute. He didn’t want his Professor mad at him, nor did he want to wet in such a public place. Gathering that Gryffindor courage he poked the man in the side.

“What is Harry?” Severus whispered.

“I need the loo,” Harry whispered back.

“The movie will be over in about 15 more minutes, can you wait until then?”

Harry didn’t think he could, but it was only a few more minutes. He really did want to see the ending. 15 minutes was nothing when you think about it, and besides Snape sounded like he really wanted to see the last bit.

“Yes sir,” Harry said quietly before turning back to the movie.

By the time the movie was over, Harry was nearly in tears. He had to wait a minute before he could stand up without worrying about leaking into his boxers and by then Snape had already walked out thinking that Harry was behind him. He took his hand out of his pants on to put it into his pocket and tried to hold himself. At least that way it didn’t look so noticeable at what he was doing. As he was walking to the lobby, someone grabbed him by shoulder and he had to stop himself from freaking out when he realized it was Snape.

“What took you so long?”

“You left me, there was a lot of people pushing,” Harry said it was true but not the reason why he took so long.

“We have 2 hours until the next movie starts, do you want to go get something to eat and then come back?”

“Could we have Pizza?” Harry asked quietly, he still wasn’t comfortable asking for things.

“I suppose we could,” Severus stated like it was the worst thing in the world.

“Cool, thank you.” Harry replied, happy that his idea didn’t get shot down.

As they walking towards the door, Harry remembered his immediate need. He knew he couldn’t wait until they got to the pizza parlor though.

“Before we go, can I use the loo?” Harry asked trying not to shuffle his feet.

“Sorry about that Harry, it slipped my mind. Of course you can use it before we go.” Severus answered leading him towards the toilet.

Harry suppressed back a sob as he took in the queue for the toilet. It was really long and they were in the back of it, he had a better chance of making it to the Pizza place.

“Never mind, I’ll just wait until we get there,” Harry answered walking back from the line.

“Are you sure, we can check out another one?”

“It won’t matter, the one on the other side is just as long,” a man in line said.

“Oh, well come on Harry’s lets go then.”

Harry walked slightly behind Snape, as they headed to the car. Oh god he had to pee and it hurt so much. He couldn’t hold back his tears anymore, and he tried to cry quietly. He only hoped that Snape wouldn’t turn around, or ask him anything for that matter. Getting in to the car, he was thankful that he was sitting in the back, and he avoided looking in the front mirror. It seemed like everything was taking extra slow, he was dying for the loo.

“We should be there in about 20 minutes Harry, how are you holding up?”

“I’m fine sir,” he croaked out bending at his waist in his seat.

Since he was stopped at a stoplight he took a glance at the child behind him, his face was the picture of agony. And it showed him perfectly that Harry Potter was most certainly not fine.

“Damn,” he whispered he couldn’t blame the boy for this, since he did ask before the movie was over.

“I don’t think you are Harry, its ok you’re not in trouble. I’ll stop somewhere closer ok?”

“Could you just hurry please,” Harry whispered anxiously.

“I will Harry, just hold on?” Severus said eyes looking out for anything.

“K,” Harry replied softly.

Harry sat up straight as he felt a long spurt escape his tight grip, he wasn’t going to wet today.

“Pull over Dad please,” Harry practically yelled frantically clawing at his jeans to keep it all in.

Severus for his part was floored; did the child even realize what he had just called him? And they weren’t even pretending for the muggles, is that what the boy really thinks of me as? He thought to himself, before taking another look at the red-face child in the backseat.

“I am Harry you can hold on for a bit longer,” he said trying to reassure the child.

“I can’t anymore, it hurts it really hurts,” Harry said crying harder.

Severus was startled, thinking it would be better for the boy to just wet if holding it was painful. But then the insecure child would have another setback for wetting his pants like a toddler. He sighed he didn’t know what to do, but try to hurry up and find somewhere. He was passing an empty parking lot, when he had an idea. Quickly pulling in he parked the car near a few trees, and he could see that they wouldn’t be visible to the eye.

Harry looked around in confusion, were they there yet? And if so, where the heck was there?

“Get out of the car Harry,” Severus said before getting out himself.

Harry didn’t argue he didn’t know what was going on but he trusted his Professor enough. Quickly undoing his seatbelt he opened the door and stood by it. Well he tried to stand by it, he was more or less bent over in an uncomfortable position.

“What are we doing here sir?” Harry asked in a strained voice.

“You my child are about to burst, I don’t know what else to do. So you can just go by the car and I’ll cover you, does that sound good?”

It sounded like the best plan Harry had ever heard, or it could have been his bladder screaming for relief. Whatever it was, he wasn’t about to say no, and he quickly tried to undo his trousers. Tried was the key word, he hated that when he had to go so bad he couldn’t get his fingers to cooperate. He tried to hobble over to Snape to help him but found himself unable to move.

Severus heard the boy struggling and turned around and swiftly undid his belt and buckle for him before he was almost literally sprayed in the face for his good deed. Quickly turning the boy to face the tire of the car, he walked a few paces away to give the child privacy, when he heard the loud sigh come from the boy before the sound of liquid hitting the pavement.

Harry was mortified, but that was silenced by what he was feeling. He was actually feeling a little lightheaded from how he was relieved he was by finally getting to go pee. He didn’t feel anywhere close to finishing so he leaned one hand tiredly on the car, holding it in had taken a lot out of him. When he was finally done he stared comically at the ground at how big his puddle was. He was quite proud of it, and that he could hold that much in.

“Sorry sir, I didn’t mean to uhh...do what I did.” Harry stammered blushing red.

“It’s alright child, do you feel better now?” He said trying not to add to the child’s embarrassment.

“Yes sir, are we still going for pizza?”

“My answer hasn’t changed child, come and get back into the car.”

Harry got back in, and rubbed his stomach it was still tender but it was empty. He couldn’t wait until he got pizza and then they were going back to the cinema. This was turning out to be the best summer he had ever had.

*096*2011-12-30 03:28

{{:

Another excellent Chapter. Too bad Uncle probably had his memory modified. He deserved whatever Snape did to him. I wish Dudley had wet by accident because of what had happened. lol

}}

I shouldve huh..it would have been the perfect revenge lol

{{:

This story is progressing very well :D I like where you're taking it, and I think the timing is just right. Not too fast, and not too slow. They're really cute too ;b

}}

Cool, glad you do

{{:

I love how your stories change it up! Such a good chap (: poor Harry!! Update soon :D <3

}}

I will, Im actually about to update in about 7 minutes from now lol

{{:

Well, I just meant that I prefer stories where adults have some difficulty restraining their bladder. But that wouldn't fit into this story of course. :)

Anyway, great chapter again. I am really happy that he didn't wet himself to be honest!

}}

OIC....hmm lol,

*098*2011-12-30 03:45

This is another long chapter I was going to split it up but I couldnt find the right spot lol. I apologize in advance if I dont get a chance to update tomorow, its going to be really hectic for me, but I will try.

Chapter 18

The next night found that Harry was currently staring at the ceiling in their hotel room. He wasn’t sure but he thought Snape might be sleep. He hadn’t been paying attention since they started this trip but looking at the calendar yesterday and he realized that his birthday was only 3 days away. He had been having a blast spending his summer with Snape, but he really missed his friends. Would Snape allow his friends to visit him?

“Professor, are you awake?” Harry whispered softly.

“Yes Harry I am, what did you need?” Severus asked eyes still closed.

“My birthday is coming up…”Harry answered trailing off.

“On the 31st I am aware Harry, what is it?”

“CouldRonandHermionevisitmeformybirthday?” He asked words rushing to together.

Severus sat up and quirked and eyebrow at the child at his garbled speech.

“Could you repeat that Harry, this time slowly?”

“Oh, could Ron and Hermione visit for my birthday?” Harry finished softly.

Severus blinked slowly, of course the boy wanted his friends over for his birthday. If he wasn’t mistaken this would probably be the first time he got to celebrate his birthday given the way he was treated by his relatives. He wasn’t really looking forward to spending a few days with the Gryffindor Trio, but he couldn’t tell the child no. Well he could, but not without hurting Harry deeply, and he didn’t want to do that.

“You may, I’ll send and Owl to Albus tomorrow morning before we head out for the football game.”

“Will we be going back to Manor, or are they going to come along for the trip too?”

“Maybe we’ll spend 1 night in the hotel, because I’m taking you somewhere special for your birthday. The rest of the time they’re here we’ll spend at the Manor.”

“Oh, so when we go back to the Manor our trip will be over?” Harry asked trying not to frown; he didn’t want that to happen. He loved hanging out with Snape, wait what did he just say?

“Yes, you do want to have a party at the Manor don’t you?” Severus asked puzzled.

“No I changed my mind; I don’t want to invite my friends anymore.” Harry quickly replied trying to backtrack.

“Harry, I’m confused now child, what are you talking about?”

“You just said that when my friends come that out trip will be over, and we’ll be back at the Manor. I don’t want the trip to be over yet…because I like spending time with you,” Harry state blushing for having admitted his feelings.

“Harry child that was not what I meant. After your friends go back home, we will resume are trip once again. There are still plenty of places I want us to visit.”

“Oh…Cool then.”

Two days later Harry and Severus were driving to a muggle train station to pick up his friends. Harry was a bit confused about why they were traveling the muggle way too; until Snape informed him it was safe not to mention Hermione’s parents were more comfortable with that form of transportation. He was so excited to see his friends that he wasn’t paying attention to the signs of his body. Every since the day he went to the cinema and held it until it hurt, he had been having a lot more trouble with how long he could hold it. He didn’t tell Snape though, because he knew now that the man liked him, but he didn’t want to embarrass him by acting like a baby.

As so as they parked and headed inside the train station, he could recognize that Weasely hair anywhere. Ron was currently looking around in awe at everything, the same way Harry looked at magic. They had a mini reunion in the middle of the station and Snape introduced himself to Hermione’s parents, who seemed to be pretty nice. So caught up on catching up with his friends, Harry missed the opportunity to use the loo at the station. On the way back to the hotel Harry sat up front with Snape, it seemed that Hermione and Ron were still nervous in Snape’s presence because nobody said anything. Harry was so lulled to sleep by the quietness in the car, and the wind in his hair.

He was awoken abruptly by that familiar feeling of warmth soaking his trousers, and he quickly glanced back to note that his friends looked sleep, but he couldn’t be sure. Snape was humming along to a random song on the radio, and he Harry was afraid to speak up. What if he friends weren’t really asleep? All too soon they arrived at the hotel, where everyone started to get out of the car except Harry.

“Ha…Mr. Potter what are you doing?” Severus said just barely able to catch himself from calling Harry by his first name.

Harry was shocked, why was Snape calling him by his last name? He wasn’t in trouble already was he?

“Sir, my seatbelt is stuck, could you please help me?”

“Harry I’ll help you…” Hermione started to say.

“No, he can use magic, and I’m really stuck in here.” Harry replied hurriedly,

They seemed to believe his lie, well not Snape but Harry was counting on that anyways.

“Miss Granger, Mr. Weasely please take your things and wait for us in the lobby.”

Harry noted that Ron looked a bit freaked about leaving Harry alone with Snape, but Hermione pulled him along with her. Harry waited until they had entered the hotel lobby before turning back to Snape.

“What’s really wrong Harry?”

“I wet your seat, I’m really sorry sir.”Harry said dejectedly.

“You already know it’s not your fault, so don’t start blaming yourself. I’ll clean you up in a hurry Harry.”

“Thank you Professor, why were you calling me Mr. Potter? I ‘m not in trouble am I?”

“No Harry you aren’t, I just didn’t want your friends to get suspicious.”

“Why would they be suspicious sir?”

“Because, it’s well known in Hogwarts that we have an extreme dislike for one another,” Severus replied patiently.

“That’s not true, I like you sir,” Harry answered to the ground.

“Now you do Harry, but before you and I both know you did not. Not that I blame you child, because I don’t, I know what kind of person I can be.”

“That doesn’t matter now,” Harry replied wanting to get away from the conversation about hating each other.

“It does matter Harry; we have to pretend that we still hate each other.”

“What, why? I don’t want to do that sir,” Harry replied trying forcibly to stay calm.

“There comes a time when there is going to be many things you don’t want to do Mr. Potter. You need to dig deep because you must do it anyway.”

“I don’t understand sir, why do I have to do this?” Harry pleaded, he didn’t want to go back to Snape berating him and yelling at him. He liked the new Snape who called him his child; he didn’t want the one who used to hurt him for things that weren’t his fault.

“This is the way it has to be Potter; I suggest you get used to it.” Severus said before discreetly waving his wand and cleaning Harry up before walking towards the hotel.

Harry stood the by the car, trying to mash the heels of his hands into his eyes, he would not cry over this now. Later when he was in his bed and everyone was asleep, then maybe he would, but for now he had to be strong. By the time Harry arrived in the lobby about 7 minutes later his eyes and nose were red, but if anyone asked he would claim allergies. He finally realized that Snape must be ashamed of him, and that’s why he didn’t want Hermione and Ron to know. He was used to it though, the Durselys were always ashamed of him, and he should have expected that Snape wouldn’t be any different.

“Harry are you ok?” Hermione asked her eyebrows furrowing in concern.

“I’m fine Mione, just my summer allergies. I really hate them you know,” Harry stated with much more enthusiasm then he felt.

“Ok Harry, if you say so,” she answered not really believing that to be the case but not wanting push it.

They headed to their room, where looking around Harry saw that it was a bit too small for four people now. Not to mention one of the four of them was a girl and she needed her own room.

“Pack your things Potter, when you get done you and your friends meet me in the lobby.”

Harry didn’t say a word he just headed to do what was told of him, he missed the look on Snape’s face as he didn’t acknowledge the fact that the man spoke. By the time they came back to the lobby Snape had already upgraded them to a suite, but Harry couldn’t find it in him to be happy. He knew he should have never asked for his friends to visit him, now Snape hated him again. Opening the door to their suite they quickly noted that it had 3 bedrooms, one would belong to Snape, another to Hermione and the boys would share a room.

Later that night found Harry scared to go to sleep, what if Ron found out? What if he had a nightmare and screamed and woke Ron up? He couldn’t use magic here, and Snape was mad at him. What was he supposed to do? He wished hard that Ron wouldn’t find out about his nightmares because he knew that would only lead to more problems. He finally fell into an uneasy sleep. He woke up predictably at 2:00am to a wet bed, not to mention his throat was hurting, like he’d been screaming a long time.

If that was the case then why wasn’t Ron or anybody else awake for that matter? Struggling to be quiet he changed the sheets on his bed, trying to stay quiet was tiresome and as he came back to his bed he stubbed his toe. He couldn’t stop the moan, or the curse that escaped his mouth. He stared in shock when he realized that Ron didn’t move at all, was there some kind of charm up? Getting back onto his damp mattress he tried to get into a comfortable position to sleep some more, but couldn’t. He didn’t know it but his accidental magic had created a silencing charm, due to not wanting to bother Ron. The next day was his birthday, but he couldn’t bring himself to care. He was tired and cranky and he was in a bad mood, he wished the day could be over already.

“Do you know where we are going Harry?”

“No,” Harry whispered, he wasn’t in the mood for talking or anything really.

“Professor, where are we going?” Hermione finally asked when the boys gave her a glare that said they weren’t going to.

“To the Aquarium Miss Granger, is that all right with everyone?” Severus stated sneering.

Harry didn’t say a thing as his friends replied, he just got in the back this time and faced looking out the window. It was only the first day and he was already he was wishing it was time for his friends to leave. He didn’t want any secrets; it was his own fault putting his faith in a man who he knew hated him for no reason. They arrived and still Harry said nothing, he didn’t have to say anything since Hermione spoke for them all. They went through an underground tube that had animals all around them. It was a really cool experience and any other day Harry was sure he would enjoy it. All the water was making him have to pee though, but he didn’t want to deal with Snape. As they were walking pass the sharks he saw a sign for the loo, he contemplated going alone. But the thought of being alone in a loo still brought shivers up his spine. All the water was not helping his situation, and he realized he would have to speak up soon, unless he wanted to wet himself on his birthday.

“I have to go to the loo,” he stated just loud enough for Snape who was in front to hear him.

“Its right over there Potter, so you may do so now.” Severus said without looking at him.

Harry stared unblinkingly at the man; did he really think he was going to go by himself? Obviously the man really meant what he said, Harry struggled not to panic.

“Do you gotta go Ron?” Harry asked as a last resort.

“No mate I’m good,” Ron replied obliviously.

“Oh then never mind, I’ll just wait then.” He said before distracting Hermione with a question.

Severus was bothered, he knew the boy couldn’t wait that long, and as much as he wanted to go in with him he didn’t say a thing. He wasn’t sure how he was feeling about the boy right now; he only knew he felt a stab of hurt when Harry refused to look at him. He would have thought the child would have been overjoyed to know that he could keep his friendship with the greasy git of a teacher quiet, but like everything involving the boy he was wrong. He turned around to check on Harry, and saw that he was wiggling around quite a bit already, and his left hand was present in his groin.

“Don’t any of you move, I’ll be right back,” he damn near growled at them.

“Where are you going sir?” Hermione asked.

“The loo and you better be here when I get back.” He said glaring specifically at the boys.

“We will sir, we promise,” she stated sincerely.

Harry wanted so bad to go with the man to the loo, his need was getting really urgent, what was he supposed to do? He was trying not to cry, was the man that ashamed of him that he wanted him to embarrass himself in public?

“Potter are you coming or not?” Severus said impatiently.

“Sir,” Harry asked unsurely.

“You just stated you needed the loo, not 10 minutes before. I’m going in there now; do you still need to go?” Severus asked like he was speaking to a small child.

“Oh uh I do sir,” Harry said before heading to the toilet with Snape.

As he walking to it he heard Ron mutter, how he could trust Snape in the loo with him? What was he talking about? Was he trying to compare Snape and the pervert who almost got him? Wanting to get in an out he ran to a stall so he wouldn’t have to see Snape. It seriously hurt to look at the man, to know that you got to know someone, the real them and then they suddenly just toss you aside like you mean nothing. He understands having lived his whole life thinking he was nothing, but it still hurts nonetheless.

Once again that night Harry cried himself to sleep, he didn’t know how to handle his situation and he couldn’t trust adults, he was on his own. The next day Severus apparated them each to the Manor where he showed Hermione the room she would be staying in and Ron would once again be staying with Harry. Unbeknownst to Harry, the wards around Snape’s Manor disables all charms accidental or not. He didn’t know this as he started what he thought would become his nightly ritual for the rest of the summer. He was crying himself to sleep.

Ron heard the whimper first, and the sob before getting out of his bed to look at Harry. He could see his friend’s shoulder’s shaking, and tears running from his eyes but he didn’t know what was going on. It was really freaking him out, Harry didn’t just cry, something definitely had to be wrong with him. When he touched his shoulder, Harry reacted by flinching back before burying himself deep into the covers. He didn’t know what he was supposed to do; he really wished Hermione was in the room. Deciding to go get her he opened the door and walked down the hall to her room. Before he could knock he heard Snape’s voice behind him.

“Just where do you think you are going Mr. Weasley? I do believe your room is on the opposite side of this one.”

“Yes sir I know that, but I just needed to talk to Hermione is all.”

“Whatever you have to tell her, you can just wait until tomorrow.”

“It can’t sir, this is important.”

“Let me be the judge of that Weasley, what’s so important?”

“Something…wrong with Harry, he’s crying and he won’t stop.” Ron finally replied.

Severus eyes hardened before walking quickly to the child’s room. Spelling the room locked and with privacy charms, he walked over to the boy’s bed, he was as Weasley stated. His face was flushed with sweat and he was crying like no tomorrow.

“Harry what’s wrong?” He asked concerned.

“Don’t act like you care now, because I already know you don’t. Its fine I’m used to it, just please…leave me alone,” he said chocking on a sob.

“Hush child before you make yourself sick. Now tell me what has got you into this state. Did Weasley say something to you, was it a nightmare? Did you wet the bed Harry?”

“Please go away,” Harry whispered gloomily.

“No until you tell me what’s wrong,”

“I know that you’re ashamed of me, but did you at least like me a little or was it all just pretend?” Harry blurted out around his sobs.

Severus shook his head, what was the child on about? What did he mean that I was ashamed of him?

“Harry why do you think I’m ashamed of you?”

“Because you don’t want Ron and Hermione to know that you liked the Gryffindor Golden Boy,” Harry said sneering similarly to Snape.

Severus immediately understood why the child was so upset; he really should have explained his actions before he thrusted the child into this situation.

“That’s not why Harry, I didn’t think you would want your friends to know that you were friends with the greasy bat of the Dungeons. In a sense I was trying to preserve your reputation.” And mine, although he stated the last part to himself.

“You thought I would be ashamed of you, why?” Harry asked genuinely puzzled.

“Because most Gryffindors would be Harry,”

“But I’m not most, I’m just Harry.”

“I know that child, I know. Do you think you can sleep now?”

“What am I supposed to do about Ron? I mean I can’t keep hiding my sheets can I?”

“Call Tigger to do it in the morning when we are at breakfast, and tomorrow I’ll find a time to talk to you about your appointment.”

“Ok, good night sir,”

“Goodnight child,” Severus said before gently ruffling the boy’s hair.

He walked out the room to find Weasley staring angrily at the wall; he addressed the boy goodnight before walking into his own room. He couldn’t help but feel guilty he was the cause of the boy’s agony, vowing tomorrow to explain it thoroughly he headed down to his lab.

