Robot In Need- Interactive Omorashi Story

Author: Desperatio

*000*2015-12-30 07:56

For my first post here, I decided to start an interactive omorashi story. The premise of the story is that my robotic character, Mizuwado, has awoken alone in the lab. I will give everyone information on my character, then set the scene before letting everyone choose between the options.

Mizuwado

Species: Robot/A.I.

Gender: None

Age: Was completely built a week ago; has the mental state of a 14-19 year old.

Personality: Trusts everyone they meet and believe almost anything, enjoys learning, always tries to complete every task

Likes: Completing goals, meeting people, learning, drinking water

Dislikes: Long periods of nothing happening, waiting, being physically injured in any way, having a full bladder

Now, for me to set the scene:

Time: 2:00 AM

Date: January 16, 2031

Mizuwado awakens to find themself lying on his back on the ground. The last thing he remembers is his creator (Kanja Sumato) teaching them about his power source: water. Mizuwado's attention is then brought to a feeling in their his abdomen, making them remember how their master told them that they had to empty his artificial bladder once they feeled it up a bit too much. Unfortunately, a storm had hit before they had been told where to find the place to empty it, causing the power to go out and Mizuwado to shut off for a few hours.

Mizuwado got onto their feet before turning on their night vision and scanned the room. On the table directly behind him was a book called The Robot-Teaching Guide, a bottle of almost-empty water and a crudely-drawn map of the building. On the ground was a red rug that was not centered correctly. On the wall hung a Degree in Software Design and a photo of his creator. A trash can was filled with crumbled-up pieces of paper (with paper all around the trash can too), among with other things. There was a door to their left that led to the Lab, and a much more metallic door led to the hallway.

1. Go to the kitchen

2. Go into the hallway

3. Lift rug

4. Look in the trash can

5. Other

<I hope people have fun playing this game!>

