Haruhi's New Fetish

Author: AnimeOmorashiFan

*000*2012-09-13 19:23

A/N: I have only recently gotten into omorashi. I stayed up all night reading omorashi stories and decided to write one of my own. Now chapter one is finished, and I seriously can't believe I really wrote it... If it sucks, that's because this is my first omorashi story. Please enjoy!

* * * * * * * * * *

Are you friends with an eccentric weirdo? I am. It pretty much completely sucks. You would not believe all of the random crap my position forces me to put up with. My position: the closest friend the goddess of the world has. The goddess of the world is an insane freak. I wonder what torture today will bring.

So, I walk into clubroom. Haruhi is sitting at her desk while Itsuki, Mikuru, and Yuki are sitting at the table. Haruhi has one of those enormous grins on her face. Yeah, today is gonna be pure hell.

"I have a fun idea!" Haruhi announces. "We're gonna ditch school to go to an amusement park!"

"That doesn't seem--" Then it processes. "Wait! We're gonna ditch school just to go to an amusement park?"

"Yep! My plans won't work if we don't go soon."

'What plans?' I wonder.

Itsuki bites his bottom lip and gets a worried expression. Mikuru is shifting uneasily and looks as if she's on the verge of tears. Even Yuki looks nervous. What kind of plan had Haruhi come up with?

Have you ever ditched high school to an amusement park with four of your friends? Neither have I before now. But the amusement park looks like fun. Maybe I sould follow Mikuru around. She looks nervous.

Haruhi comes up behind her and forces three cups of lemonade down her throat. What a bitch.

"Miss Suzumiya!" she sqeals. "Please stop! Why me?"

"It'll be all of the brigade members," Haruhi says. Under her breath, I hear her add, "All except Kyon."

Well, that's comforting. I think. I'm pretty sure.

Anyway, have you ever been dragged off to a roller coaster by the goddess of the world, along with an esper, a time-traveller, and an alien? I didn't think so. Same here, until about ten seconds ago.

Haruhi sits next to Itsuki, I sit next to Mikuru, and Yuki sits by herself. Poor Yuki.

Amazing. I get to sit next to Mikuru. How wonderful. I'm most likely gonna get puked on. Hooray for me.

As we begin to move forward, I notice that Mikuru is shifting her position every five seconds. She stared down at her hands, which were folded in her lap.

"Are you okay?" I ask. How stupid. Of course she wasn't okay.

"N-no-not r-really..." she replies. Poor little Mikuru.

"What's wrong?" Then it slowly dawned on me. "Do you have to use the restroom?"

She nods, blushing and crying.

"Why didn't you go before we got on? Or before we left?"

"Ha-Haruhi...w-wouldn't...let me."

Aww. It looks like she's in a lot of pain. She'd look so cute if she were to wet herself.

Have you ever felt that way about your friend? I do. I didn't realize that until a few seconds ago, though. Mikuru would look absolutely adorable.

"I-I can't hold it..."

She truly meant it. She doubles over all the urine escapes her bladder. Tears are streaming down her cheeks, and there's only one thing that's going through my head:

This is the cutest thing I have ever seen.

I am such a bad person.

* * * * * * * * * *

A/N: Poor Mikuru. Itsuki gets to be next! There will be two or three more parts to this. Flame me if you want, I suck at omorashi. Point out my errors, that would be great. The next prt will be coming soon!!!

*002*2012-09-14 03:44

Thankies!

