Hive Mind: An Experimental Interactive Omorashi Sci-Fi - Page 2

Author: Railgun-sama

*032*2014-10-09 03:45

—(( Dr. Klaus should be back soon. She can hold on for a few more minutes. ))—

No… it’ll be fine. Dr. Klaus wouldn’t leave me here for too long… he’ll be back, hopefully with my cane…

While Senna doesn’t really have time to be picky, she would much rather have her cane to help her to the bathroom than Dr. Klaus.

I’d probably die of embarrassment or something…

Something about that phrasing strikes Senna as funny. Perhaps for someone who survived a bullet to the head, the very notion of dying to something so mundane and harmless was ridiculous.

You decide as someone who’s actually dead, you don’t find this as funny as Senna does.

Although, now that you think about it, you don’t really remember dying. To be fair, if your brain was going to repress any memory, the moment of your death would probably be a good one to pick.

Then again, most brains wouldn’t need to, for very obvious reasons.

Aaahhh… this is… it’s getting worse…

Senna can’t help but squirm around in the chair.

“Hurry up…” she pleaded aloud.

Furosemide! The nerve of her! I can’t believe she’d do such a thing!!

Suddenly, chemical symbols and calculations flooded your mind as they did Senna’s. She seemed to have quite the memory for these sorts of things. Not just chemistry either. Physics equations, mathematical formulas, and even random astronomical facts buzzed around as she tried to think of anything but her growing need.

“My my, we’ve wound up in quite the scientist, haven’t we?”

The voice startled you. You hadn’t heard from the controller since you first “woke up” here, if that was really the correct wording.

“Oh no, don’t mind me. I’m just admiring the scenery.”

You doubt he (or she, it’s kind of hard to tell which such an electronic voice like that) talking about the physiotherapy center (although there was an exotic flowering plant in the corner). It seems more like he was referring to the girl’s memories, or at least, her knowledge of science.

“Isn’t it incredible? Such a brilliant mind could’ve been lost if it weren’t for us, you know.”

They, you decide to call the controller, were talking like they were trying to sell you over. As if you really had a choice at this point.

You could already see, through Senna’s eyes, the benefits of the Hive Mind.

“Ah, but I’m not just here for that… it seems that, inadvertently, ‘that’ will be activated…”

As though on cue, Senna hears two small beeps coming from the device over her left ear. Your vision cuts out for a second, and then you start seeing two images simultaneously.

It’s disorienting, and you can’t quite make out what’s happening in either.

“Oh, sorry… we need to recalibrate your visual feed. Please excuse us…”

Despite talking as if the task would take a noticeable amount of time, in the next moment, you find yourself looking at Senna from some external camera, and for the first time, you get a full view of the girl you’ve been “a part of”.

And at the moment, she doesn’t look very comfortable.

She’s squirming around on the edge of her seat, shaking her thighs up and down and shutting her eyes tightly.

“This is the first time you’ve experienced this, so please allow me to explain.”

Despite no longer looking through Senna’s eyes, you’re still connected to her brain, and you can tell she can hear this as well as you can.

“What you are experiencing is called ‘Enhanced Perception’ mode. It is an emergency protocol built into your Wireless Electronic Terminal. The system is still in its prototype phase, but it’s designed to protect the Patient if they are in danger.”

“Then why is it activating now!? I have to pee, I’m not being attacked!”

“Like we said, the system is still in its prototype phase. Increased perspiration, an elevated heart rate, and heavy or irregular breathing, and other similar physiological stimulation will activate the system, regardless of the actual perceived danger of the situation. The system releases dozens of nanodrones that circle around you and give them a controllable perspective of the situation. Since the Hive Mind network works mostly in your subconscious, all this means for you is that you’ll get something of a sixth sense, so to speak.”

“Well that’s peachy, can I sic one after that bitch nurse?”

“Negative. We’re afraid the nanobots run on wireless power streamed directly from the Terminal. Outside a certain range the nanobots would become inoperable.”

“Damn… Oohhhh!”

Senna stiffened up and jammed both of her hands between her legs.

“Furosemide! That’s gotta be one of the strongest damn diuretics she could get her bitchy paws on!”

With your external view, you aren’t missing any of Senna’s movements, and while being connected to her mind, you can hear her thoughts as well.

Ah…. I don’t think I can hold out much longer!

You don’t have a direct connection to her nervous system aside from her brain, so you can’t feel her bladder, but you can see it. A very subtle but visible bulge standing out against the baggy looseness of her hoodie and very apparent with her tight track shorts.

You watch as her eyes widen. She stiffens up completely and for a second she stops moving. You wonder if she’s lost it, but your mental connection with her tells you she hasn’t yet.

A-ah… this is bad! If I even relax a little, it’ll come out!

Her whole body’s shaking with the effort of holding in her flood.

Damn that bitch! I swear I’ll get her back for this… ah… but first I need to focus on not wetting myself.

Her face has turned red in exertion at this point, and thin beads of sweat are starting to form on her forehead. She lowers her head and focuses solely on keeping the growing flood in her bladder in, but when someone fights against their body, inevitably it’s a losing battle.

I’m almost at my limit!

Senna isn’t sure whether to be relieved or embarrassed when she hears the door open.

“Ah! Fraulein Senna! Sorry for keeping you waiting… a-ah…”

Dr. Klaus stops and frowns, “You… you don’t look too good… do you have a fever?”

Senna’s face nearly turned purple as she muttered the truth.

“T… toilet…”

Dr. Klaus doesn’t quite hear her at first.

“Wiederholen? Can you repeat that?”

Senna’s face couldn’t have possibly turned a deeper shade of red than it already was, but you could swear you saw it change colors once again.

“I… I have to… go to the toilet!”

“Ah! Es tut mir leid! I must’ve accidentally taken your cane by accident! I don’t remember taking it, but it was hooked over my arm when I looked down! Ach! I’m so absentminded sometimes!”

It wasn’t you! It was that bitch nurse!!!

Dr. Klaus held out the cane for Senna to take, but she didn’t move an inch.

“Ah, Fraulein Senna…?”

“I… can’t move…”

She shook in place and tried to jam her hands into her crotch, but the longer she sat there, the fuller her bladder got.

“Ach, a real emergency, huh?” Dr. Klaus scratched his head, “Ah! You can use this!”

He reached behind his desk and pulled out an empty bedpan.

“We keep these in here. It’s hospital policy, though I honestly have no idea why we’d have them in physio...”

In any other situation, Senna would’ve thought twice about peeing into a bedpan.

In fact, in any other situation, Senna probably would’ve rejected the offer entirely.

However, she was on the verge of wetting herself, and there was no way she could make it to the bathroom in time.

She grabs it eagerly and pulls down her shorts and panties in one swift motion.

Dr. Klaus turns around quickly. He looked as though he considered leaving the room, but stops. You hope it’s because he didn’t want to open the doors and risk someone seeing Senna, not because he wanted to listen to Senna peeing.

Thanks to the nanobot, you get a good view of Senna pressing the bedpan between her legs and the exploding fountain of urine that pounded against the sides loudly.

“Ahhhh~!” she sighs in relief. For a brief moment, all cognitive thought seems to cease, and Senna’s left simply basking in the pure relief of finally getting to pee.

“Dr. Klaus!”

The door swings open, hitting the poor doctor, who was standing so close to it, in the face.

Panic and embarrassment floods over Senna.

I don’t want anyone to see me, but I’m still not finished yet! What do I do!?

Once again, you feel the familiar sensation of being directed predetermined prompts. It’s time to make another decision for Senna.

—[ She can’t let a random person catch her in this position! She should stop peeing and pull up her shorts posthaste! ]—

—[ It’s not just her reputation that she needs to worry about! Dr. Klaus’s reputation might be affected as well! She has to stop no matter what! ]—

—[ Doctors and nurses are accustomed to this sort of thing, right? She should continue peeing. ]—

—[ Ah, she’s so close to finishing! She can afford to finish peeing, despite the consequences. ]—

Once again, you find yourself at the helm.

*034*2014-10-09 06:49

Our apologies. Rerouting data from lower nodes...

>> Urinary System Function Data for Patient 3242:

Maximum Bladder Capacity: aprox. 450 ml.

Current Bladder Capacity: estimated 350 ml.

Bladder Nerve Signal Rating: Urgent, yet Non-Critical

Such data was previously labeled "non-vital" for higher nodes, but we understand the circumstances may dictate otherwise. The system has already been patched to automatically provide such data immediately.

We eagerly await your decision.

*042*2014-10-11 23:26

{{: 

Well, choice 4 is out, since she's not close to finishing.

Well, since Dr. Klaus seems like a cool guy...

—[ It’s not just her reputation that she needs to worry about! Dr. Klaus’s reputation might be affected as well! She has to stop no matter what! ]—

}}

Hold on a minute, this is… that’s odd… why would they send an invalid option? The lower nodes got the bladder data, right?

Time out, we have to check something…

Alright, the system says “security breach, data packet intercepted”. That’s not supposed to happen. That’s not supposed to be possible. The Hive Mind is a network of interconnected human minds, you can’t hack human minds… unless…

Hold on for a femtosecond, we need to check something else…

Alright, back again, we couldn’t find what we were looking for, but we’ve got approximately 10 microseconds left to respond, so let’s send your choice, shall we?

—[ She should pull up her shorts, but only after she stops completely. ]—

Wait… hold on… that wasn’t one of the options…

Ah, it doesn’t really matter. We’re out of time, and seeing as the lower nodes didn’t have the full story, your option will suffice.

—(( She should pull up her shorts, but only after she stops completely. ))—

A-ah! There’s no way I can be seen like this!

You watch Senna struggle as she tries to stem the flow. It takes longer than you think she has time for, but in the end she manages to stop peeing and pull her shorts up before the door opens completely.

It’s not anyone who you recognize.

It’s not anyone Senna recognizes either.

In fact, from the looks of it, not even Dr. Klaus knows who his guest is.

But there’s one thing that stands out to all of you.

She’s quite clearly a woman, and the only thing she has to cover herself is a torn-up, rag-like t-shirt.

It’s not long enough to make up for her lack of pants, and it’s so torn it barely makes up for her lack of a bra.

However, the most apparent thing about this woman is her inhumanly violet-colored hair— matted and tangled and so long it reaches down past her waist— and her contrasting golden eyes.

The woman herself is older than Senna and she looks to be more around Dr. Klaus’s age.

“W-water…”

For a moment, it takes a while for Senna to register anything. She still has to pee like crazy, but the situation unfolding before her was so utterly bizarre that she’s no longer even thinking about her needs.

“W-w-water…”

The woman’s voice is raspy and her yellow eyes are glazed over.

“A-ah, y-yes,” Dr. Klaus replies, blushing, “H-here…”

He walks over to the water dispenser and pours a cup of water to hand to the strange woman.

At first, Senna is too focused on trying to hold herself while listening to the pouring water, but once Dr. Klaus turns to hand the cup to the woman, Senna realizes what got her in her current situation in the first place.

“S-stop!”

“Hm?” Dr. Klaus looks back at Senna in confusion.

Senna blushes. Would Dr. Klaus really believe her? Even if Senna showed him the empty bottle, would he just think that Senna was being paranoid?

Besides, the woman looks quite thoroughly dehydrated. Surely she wouldn’t mind the diuretic effect, right?

“N-nevermind…” Senna answers finally.

Dr. Klaus shrugs and turns back to the woman.

“H-here you go… uh… can I get you anything else… like clothes?”

The woman doesn’t answer and simply downs the cup quickly.

Her eyes instantly light up and she smiles with child-like happiness.

“More!”

Dr. Klaus decides that instead of walking back and forth with cups of water for the parched woman to down, the best course of action is to lead her to the dispenser and let her drink to her heart’s content.

“Ah, Senna,” Dr. Klaus looks down at the still desperate girl, “You… ah, do you think you can… you know…”

…make it to the bathroom in this state?

Senna, reading the situation, completes mentally.

She managed to take some of the edge off her desperation (at the very least, she wasn’t on the absolute verge of wetting herself now), so she nods quietly and brings herself to her feet with the help of her cane.

A-ah! Standing up definitely doesn’t help! I gotta make it to the toilets!

Senna hobbles to the door and out into the hallway. She can’t stop holding herself, but she wasn’t too worried about that at the moment.

It’s just down the hall… hopefully no one’s in there…

However, her hope for relief is swiftly crushed as the single-occupant toilets at the end of the hall near the waiting room come into view.

The woman’s toilet was occupied.

A-ah, not good… I don’t think I can wait anymore!

Senna’s mind turns back to the bed pan she had left in Dr. Klaus’s room. Which would be shorter… waiting for the toilets here or hobbling her way back into the room and using the bed pan?

As she considers this, someone bumps into her, making her lose her balance and drop her cane.

“A-ahh!” she moans, nearly losing it from the shock of her fall.

She turns around to see who bumped her and curses to herself as she notices that one nurse from before walking away innocently.

She crawls over to where her cane fell and tries to pull herself up.

“A-ah!”

She stops.

A short spurt escapes into her panties and she blushes. It hasn’t quite soaked through to her shorts yet, but she couldn’t very well stand up at the risk of peeing all over the floor.

Of course, not standing up would spell her doom in due time anyway.

T-this is bad!

Suddenly, she hears one of the toilets in front of her flush. The sound of rushing water is torture, but the prospect of her being able to finally pee renews her confidence.

With much effort, and a bit more leakage, Senna brings herself to her feet.

The sound of someone washing their hands behind the door nearly spells the end for Senna’s struggle, but she holds out through it and eagerly awaits the door to open.

As the door to the women’s toilets opens up and a young girl at least three years younger than Senna walks out with a smile on her face.

“Aahhhh! That was a close one!” She sighs.

Stop rubbing it in and get out of the way you stupid brat!

Senna normally doesn’t dislike kids, but right now she’d be willing to hate just about anything if it meant she could pee.

Once she had enough room to brush past the girl in her way, Senna bolted into the toilet and closed the door behind her.

Quick! Gotta take my shorts off before I leak!

Senna pulls down her track shorts and panties once more and sits down on the toilet with much anticipation.

Instantly she allows herself to relax and pee explodes out of her forcefully against the toilet bowl.

“Aaaahhhh~! I can’t believe I made it!”

As Senna relaxes, the nanobots begin returning to the electrode and your vision once again switches from the nanobot’s camera to Senna’s own eyes.

Since they’re closed at the moment, you can’t really see anything.

Slowly she opens her eyes and sighs.

“Glad that’s over… Ah, but the Furosemide’s still in my system… I’ll have to remember to monitor my bladder more closely to avoid such a situation.”

After cleaning herself up and washing her hands, she moves to inspect the damage to her panties.

She only leaked a little bit, but there’s a noticeable, faintly yellow wet spot about the size of a ten-yen coin sitting on the crotch of her white lace panties.

There’s no reason to keep them off if it’s just a little drop. This won’t soak through or anything, so I should be fine.

She puts her panties and shorts back on and pulls them up before heading back to the physiotherapy room.

Even before she opens the doors to the room, she can hear an interesting situation unfolding from within.

“Ach! Sheisse! Das ist nicht gut! You can’t eat that, those are-”

“Hungry! I’m hungry!”

“Moment mal! I’ll get you something, just wait!”

“HUNGRY!”

“Ach! Mein ohr! Don’t bite people in strange places!”

Senna opened the door with a smile on her face.

The scene in front of her was quite amusing for multiple reasons.

Somehow, over the course of Senna’s time going to the toilet, the strange woman had actually managed to remove her shirt, leaving her entirely naked.

On top of that, she was currently clinging onto Dr. Klaus in a manner that could only be described as provocative, an angry look in her eyes as she forced the poor doctor back against his desk.

To top it all off, she had her teeth clamped down firmly onto Dr. Klaus’s left ear. It looked suggestive enough, but from the context of the conversation, this was all a misunderstanding.

The blush on Dr. Klaus’s face would do nothing to clear up that misunderstanding, and Dr. Klaus didn’t need to know that Senna had the context of the situation, did he?

“Well well,” Senna remarks, placing her free hand on her hip as she leaned on her cane with the other, “What do we have here?”

“Ach! This is not what it looks like! I swear!”

Senna nearly fell over laughing at the absolutely petrified look on Dr. Klaus’s face.

However, in doing so, Senna brought upon her the unwanted attention of the strange purple-haired woman.

The woman approaches her tentatively and sniffs around her.

“Pee?”

The purple-haired woman cocks her head to side like a kitten seeing its own reflection in the mirror for the first time.

Senna blushes and hopes that the woman is stating her needs and not what she smells on Senna.

Optimistically, Senna smiles and asks, “W-what, you suddenly have to pee?”

The purple-haired woman shook her head and pointed to her nose, “Smell! I smell pee.”

Senna blushes even deeper.

I-impossible! I only leaked a little bit! A wet spot the size of a ten-yen coin! How could she possibly smell that!?

Hearing rustling behind her, the purple-haired woman turns back to Dr. Klaus, who had recovered enough to pick up the clothes he had somehow obtained for the woman.

Slowly and carefully, he holds them out to her.

“Put these on, then we can get food, ja?”

The woman looks at Dr. Klaus in confusion.

Dr. Klaus sighs, “Ach! Turn around and raise your arms.”

The woman seemed to be more inclined to follow this direct order. She turns her back to Dr. Klaus and raises her arms as instructed.

Despite being around the same age as Dr. Klaus, the woman was noticeably shorter. This made Dr. Klaus’s next job much easier.

With a red face and a considerable amount of struggling on both sides of the equation, Dr. Klaus eventually dresses the woman in a fresh, white shirt.

“Ach, Fraulein Senna, could you help me out and get some underwear onto this woman? A shirt’s one thing, but…”

He looks away and blushes, and Senna nods.

“Alright, come over here, uhm….”

What was her name, anyway?

Senna sits down so she can use both hands and grabs the fresh pair of panties Dr. Klaus had managed to find for the mysterious visitor. The woman gives Senna a significantly easier time and is overall more cooperative with the panties than she was with the t-shirt.

Senna finds this whole situation weird. She’s never dressed someone else before, let alone someone older than her.

“S-so, you got a name?”

“Omoko-chan!”

Senna smiles, “That’s a nice name.”

Once Omoko’s panties are in place, Senna turns and picks up the red shorts laid out for her.

“I’m Senna, by the way. It’s nice to meet you.”

“Senna-chan!” Omoko echoes happily, “Please take good care of me!”

Senna finishes dressing Omoko and smiles.

“Alright, Dr. Klaus,” Senna replies, alerting the doctor who was facing the wall in an attempt to preserve what little modesty Omoko had left.

“Ah, Gut! You’re finished! Danke!”

He leans back on his desk and scratches the very faint patch of blonde fuzz growing on his chin.

“The question is, who is this person? I’ve checked the medical records, but no one admitted in the past six months was reported to have purple hair and golden eyes… Also, I’d like to take her to one of my coworkers and see if we can get her a brain scan…”

Omoko’s loud, grumbling stomach interrupts Dr. Klaus and reminds both of them of her hunger.

“Ah, right! We can worry about all that later! Now, let’s get some food, ja? Ah, Senna, you’re welcome to come with us, if you want?”

Once again, the system sends you options from the lower nodes. It's time to make another choice.

—[ ?ì̳͓͓ͭΩΆ͛ Жәȑɻ UzāÈ¥ ]—

—[ ýï²O ʓȫˏ˅˃ ʂÜ³~¿]—

—[ Ā̠ʯʬΔ ƓǭⱦⱠⱠ ᴂᶇᵢᵊW ]—

Hold up, hold up… now… that isn’t right… hmm… let us try to re-send the data packets…

—[ 4_15_14_20 : 20_18_21_19_20 : 20_8_5 : 3_15_14_20_18_15_12_12_5_18 ]—

—[ 2_5_23_1_18_5 : 15_6 : 20_8_5 : 13_1_14 : 14_1_13_5_4 : 16_8_9_14_5_1_19 : 7_1_7_5 ]—

—[ 4_18 : 11_12_1_21_19 : 9_19 : 20_8_5 : 8_1_3_11_5_18 ]—

Hmmm… that’s not right either… ah well, you know what, it’s a yes or no answer, We're sure you can answer this one on your own without options. Good luck!

*044*2014-10-11 23:46

// commented out because this is me as the author and not the controller speaking:

// wow, I'm impressed. It was a simple code but I didn't think someone would translate it that quickly. Good job!

//Let the mind games begin.

*049*2014-10-18 04:23

—(( 20_8_5 : 15_6_6_19_5_20 : 23_9_12_12 : 2_5 : 3_8_1_14_7_5_4 : 4 ))—

Mmhhh…. That’s still not working… ah, fine, we’ll do it then…

Ahem… “—(( She should go to lunch with Dr. Klaus. It might prove interesting. ))—“

Or something like that. Now excuse us while we go try to fix things…

###

“Ah, sure,” you hear Senna agree. In truth, she’s a bit hungry herself, and she has a sneaking suspicion that whatever food she’ll get by tagging along with Dr. Klaus is probably going to be better than the hospital food she’d get if she declined and went back to her room.

“Sehr Gut!” Dr. Klaus claps his hands together, “Come along, you two.”

“Food, food!” Omoko cheers, trailing after the doctor eagerly.

Senna falls into step behind the two and trails behind.

Aside from Omoko’s childish chanting as the odd trio makes their way down the hall, no one bothers saying much of anything until everyone arrives at the hospital’s cafeteria for guests.

The smell instantly hits Senna and the only thing she can think about is eating. She hasn’t eaten anything but the lousy institutional food all the patients get since the school shooting (aside from one or two times Dr. Klaus stopped by her room with a slice of cake or some pastries) and the smells in the cafeteria were almost heavenly.

“Man, why’s the stuff down here so much better than what they serve us?”

The trio enters the cafeteria and pick a rather innocuous 4-seat table along one of the walls by the door. Omoko and Dr. Klaus wind up on one side, while Senna sits down on the other side and leans her cane on the empty seat on her own side.

They order their food quickly and Senna decides that now, while they wait, would be an opportune time to talk to their new friend.

“Say, Omoko, what’re you doing here at the hospital in the first place? Apparently you’re not on the patient roster….”

“Omoko’s not a patient… Omoko was visiting someone… erm… well, Omoko wanted to visit a person… but they told Omoko that person died.”

Omoko looked down at the table with a sad face.

“Ach, I’m so sorry, Fraulein…” Dr. Klaus frowns. He looks up, as though trying to recall something, “Ah, was this person… By any chance… did they happen to go by the name Haru?”

“Ah! Yes! Haru-sensei!”

“Sensei?” Senna and Dr. Klaus both echo at the same time.

“Yes! Haru-sensei taught me many important things!”

“Ah, about that,” Dr. Klaus said, “After lunch, I’d like to take you down to radiology— with your permission, of course. I want to know why you’re so… child-like.”

At this, Omoko puffs out her cheeks, “Omoko’s not a kid! Omoko’s super smart!”

Dr. Klaus shoots Senna a look of disbelief before smiling in an attempt to humor Omoko.

“Would you mind… demonstrating your intellect?”

Omoko smiled, “You might not believe Omoko, but Omoko will prove herself!”

Omoko grabs a napkin and begins to etch down numerous symbols and complicated-looking equations before proudly handing off the napkin to Dr. Klaus.

“T-these are…!?”

“Omoko told you!” Omoko smiled, “Omoko’s super smart! Omoko’s memorized several quantum mechanical formulas including the Robertson-Scrodinger uncertainty relation, quantum tunneling probability calculations, and it goes without saying that Omoko knows Heisenburg’s Uncertainty Principle. Calculating simple things like this are a piece of cake for Omoko!”

“I can’t even check these for accuracy,” Dr. Klaus replies, baffled, “Ach, I’m a doctor, not a physicist!”

Omoko pouts, “They’re right! Omoko worked hard under Haru-sensei! Haru-sensei taught Omoko a lot of things!”

Dr. Klaus sighs, “Well, if you say you know The Professor…”

Senna starts to feel very much out of the loop at this point.

“The professor?” she echoes in confusion.

Dr. Klaus looks over, realizing she’s probably lost, “Ach! Es tut mir leid! I was being rude. The patient who recently died here, Dr. Hamakakuzo Haru, was a world-renowned theoretical physicist. He lived in the U.K. for a while, but then moved back to Japan last year. His last name was hard for people to pronounce, so he often just went as “The Professor”. If he’s really the one who taught this woman…”

“Omoko’s not lying!”

The woman bangs on the table with her hands and glares at the poor doctor.

“Ach! Ja, Ja! I get it!”

“Sorry to keep you waiting, but here’s your food!”

Over the course of the conversation, Senna had completely forgotten that they were in fact waiting for the food they ordered prior.

Senna looks over at the waitress standing at the side of their table, holding at least three trays of food and balancing everything with expert precision. The waitress herself looks a tad uncomfortable, but that could be chalked up to her trying to balance so much food.

In fact, Senna probably wouldn’t have thought much about it either, but after setting the other two plates on the table, she makes her way over to the side closest to Omoko and the violet-haired woman takes the opportunity to sniff at her food.

“Hmmm…. Omoko smells pee…”

At this, the waitress takes a flustered step back as her face flushes with color.

“Hawha? Uhm….”

Omoko sniffs at her plate again and smiles, “Ah, it’s not the food!”

The waitress smiles uncomfortably, “Ah, in t-that case, enjoy your meal!”

As Senna watches the waitress hurry off back towards the kitchen, she notices that she’s walking a bit strangely.

Still, that woman’s problems were of no concern to Senna. There was a much more immediate issue she needed to correct.

You watch as Senna looks over at Omoko and slaps the violet-haired woman upside the head.

“Owowowowow!” Omoko cries, grabbing the back of her head.

“Bad Omoko-chan!” Senna scolds, “You’re not allowed to go around sniffing people!”

“Aw! But Haru-sensei didn’t mind it when Omoko did that!”

Just what kind of person was “The Professor”….

“Ahem,” Dr. Klaus coughs to get the attention of the two female members of their table, “Fraulein Senna, I’d appreciate it if you could refrain from giving Omoko a concussion before we take her down to radiology. On the other hand, the Fraulein has a point. You shouldn’t go around smelling other people.”

Omoko pouted, “Okay…”

As she eats her meal, Senna continues to glance back occasionally at the waitress from before.

Maybe it’s because I was in a similar situation earlier, but I hope she’s able to make it.

In short order, the trio finishes lunch and makes preparations.

“Ach, Omoko,” Dr. Klaus interjects, “You still never told me if you’d be willing to come down for some scans.”

“Mh.... Omoko had to do scans before too… ah, but it’s fine! If Omoko’s going to be tagging along with this new sensei, he should know about Omoko too!”

“A-ah, bitte, moment mal! I didn’t say anything about-”

“You’ll take good care of me, too, right?”

The violet-haired girl grabs and clings to Dr. Klaus’s arm as she smiles happily.

“Ach, I guess I have no choice, ja? By the way, I’m not “sensei”, you can call me Dr. Klaus.”

“Nope!”

This very clearly catches Dr. Klaus off guard, for he looks over at Omoko with wide eyes.

“W-wa…was… what?”

“Omoko won’t call you by your surname, you stuffy doctor! Omoko will only call you by your given name!”

“A-ach, what am I going to do with you!?”

Senna giggles as she watches from her side of the table.

The three get up and pay for their food before heading out the door. Even without being invited, Senna finds herself tagging along behind them.

If Dr. Klaus notices, he definitely doesn’t seem too bothered.

Senna’s thoughts drift to her interactions with the German doctor over her stay at the hospital.

It’s odd, she recalls, because even though he’s a doctor, she’s never really been able to pinpoint exactly what he does.

He’s not her primary doctor. The lanky man with a disheveled appearance and glasses she can never exactly see behind always seems so inhuman to her. He always walks hunched over and speaks in disconnected sentences.

Dr. Klaus never showed even a single indication of knowing who this person was.

Even all this time, she doesn’t even know his name.

Senna sighs. Even as weird as he was, Dr. Klaus seemed all over the place. He was down in radiology when she was getting scans for the first time. He wound up standing in for one of her nurses for a short spell, and now he sat proudly at his desk as a physiotherapist.

Senna had lost her parents when she was young, and she had been raised by her older sister. She had recently died, meaning Senna was left alone.

Dr. Klaus was likely the closest thing she had to a father. No wonder she was comfortable tagging along even though she really didn’t need to.

Radiology wasn’t exactly bustling today; a good enough thing for Dr. Klaus. He seems determined in figuring Omoko out, which strikes Senna as a bit odd all things considered.

He seemed interested in taking her before, but after she mentioned “The Professor”…

“This ‘Professor’, we’re interested in who he was as well…”

If you still had a body, you would’ve jumped at the sound of the controller’s voice.

Senna looked around like she heard it too.

“Oh, sorry, we’re just trying to… repair things up here. Server maintenance, if you will.”

So, this is going to happen from time to time? I’m just going to hear a voice in my head?

“Hahaha… well, not normally… but…”

“But” what?

“Ah, it seems we… left the ‘mic’ on, if you will. Hold on, we’ll just…”

The sound of static, like a radio cutting out, briefly echoed through both of your thoughts.

That… that’s still weird…

While the controller was distracting the two of you, Dr. Klaus had gone ahead and arranged some brain scans for Omoko. He was now looking back at the Senna curiously.

“A-ah, sorry!” Senna smiled, “I’m still not used to this yet!”

Senna poked the Wireless Electrode Transmitter, a sensation which you oddly enough can feel directly, and tilted her head to the side.

You notice Dr. Klaus frown ever so slightly as Senna says this.

“Ach, it’s fine, but we should go keep an eye on Omoko, ja?”

Senna nods and she and Dr. Klaus make their way over to the brain scanners.

Unlike the large, clunky devices they used back in the day, brain scanners were small and compact devices. They combined micro MRI, CT, and PET scanning technology into one compact device.

It was very reminiscent of the old school hair driers you found in top end salons. Placed over your head and in a couple of button presses still images and live video feed were streamed directly to the computer.

Senna watches as Omoko is guided over to the sole brain scanner in the center of the room.

“Why did you ask for her name?”

Senna jerks her head to look at Dr. Klaus.

“Wh-what do you mean?”

“She speaks in third person, why’d you ask for her name?”

Senna’s eyes widen as she glances over at Omoko underneath the scanner.

“No… she started that… after I asked….”

R-right?

“Ask yourself how likely that is, Fraulein Senna…” Dr. Klaus frowned, “She’s been speaking in third person since she walked into my office. Why couldn’t you hear her? No… better question…”

Dr. Klaus grabs hold of Senna’s shoulders and looks directly into her eyes.

It’s unsettling. Like he’s looking directly at you.

“Why did you stop her from hearing it?”

“Oh? What’s this, a question for me? Unfortunately, I can’t very well answer, now can I?”

“Dr. Klaus, wh-what are you talking about?” Senna asks in confusion.

Suddenly, an alarm sounds startling all three of you.

“W-what!? The devices are!? What’s going on here!?”

“Mmmm….” Omoko squirms around in her seat.

Oh shit! I forgot about the furosemide!

“D-Dr. Klaus! The brain scanner’s malfunctioning!”

“Doctor, Omoko has to pee!”

“Dr. Klaus, what the hell were you talking about!” Senna asks incredulously.

“Oh my, this is an interesting scenario!” The controller chimes in.

“HALTS MAUL!” Dr. Klaus yells, “We have company…”

A door in the corner of the room creaks open slowly and out walks a figure hidden by their own shadow.

Senna covers her mouth to hold in a scream.

Everything goes black once again, and you quickly find yourself back in the external view of one of the nanobots.

Senna looks like she’s just seen a ghost.

That’s because she has.

“Senna-chan…”

The figure speaks with a decidedly masculine voice.

Sifting through her current thoughts brings you back to the moment she was shot.

That person trying to protect her looks a lot like this figure as well.

In less than an instant, he’s gone.

At least, Senna thinks so.

Somehow, in that instant, he managed to vanish and reappear behind Senna, his surprisingly cold breath hitting the back of her neck.

“It’s nice to finally meet you… Senna-chan!”

­—[ RUN ]—

—[ RUN ]—

—[ ERROR ]—

—[ 4.21.8.2.18.24.4.9.21.4.12.7.18.9.23.11.8.7.4.21.14 ]—

What should Senna do now?

22.11.12.23.13.24.22.23.10.18.23.218.4.15

