When Serena Met Dawn (Explicit)

Author: SashaButters

*000*2015-10-07 21:59

The young blonde haired woman sat in the back of the reception hall at her assigned table watching the newly wed couple share their first dance as husband and wife. Serena was happy for her childhood friend, she really was, but deep down inside she couldn’t help but feel an inkling of jealousy watching –her- dancing with him. A frightening thought popped into her head briefly. It could have been me. What would have happened had she confessed her feelings to him way back then? Would it be her now dressed in white shoving cake into his mouth?

She smiled briefly seeing his youthful happy face. At least he’s happy, she thought with a heavy sigh.

Serena secretly wondered as she stared at the redhead dressed in white if she was pregnant. She amused herself thinking of the most un-romantic scenarios that brought this wedding to fruition. Heaven forbid it was because he actually loved her- that would be boring. Serena hated to admit it, but Misty did look gorgeous in her wedding dress. It was Pikachu though, Ash’s best man, that stole the show looking absolutely adorable dressed in a little tux. They even had an Eevee playing the part of the ring bearer.

Serena clapped along with everybody else once the couple’s first dance was over and the floor was opened up as the DJ began playing music. She scanned the crowd for anyone she might know, but it seemed she was a little out of place, so she sat alone for some time at the table until Ash was free to talk to. She’d give her obligatory congratulations, have dinner and take off. The two girls who joined her at the table soon snapped her out of her thoughts.

“Is anyone sitting here? I know it’s assigned seating, but I had to get away from them for a little while.” The black haired girl said as Serena motioned for her to go ahead and sit down. “Thanks, the love birds are making me sick.” She explained pulling out the chair and taking a seat. “I’m Emily, Ash’s sister.”

“Oh, hello, I’m Serena. I used to travel with Ash back in the day.” She explained.

“I’m Dawn,” Another girl said sitting down on Serena’ s right. It was the color of her hair that Serena had first noticed. Something new; something blue. She watched her for a moment out of the corner of her eye as the two girls continued their previous conversation. The black haired girl kept going on and on about different plants as Dawn nodded politely every once in a while. Serena figured she’d take this moment to excuse herself from the table and go change. Clearly she wouldn’t be missing anything conversation wise.

Once alone in the bathroom stall, Serena lifted up her dress and slid down the used garment. She cringed in disgust that she had actually had to use that thing during the ceremony. Her mother had insisted she come prepared just in case as weddings had a tendency to drag on. After a brief argument, she had agreed to wear it.

After quickly cleaning herself and slipping on the pair of panties she had brought with her in her purse, Serena debated what she should do with the evidence. No trash can, of course, she thought looking around in her stall. She’d have to take it with her and toss it in the trashcan by the sink. Serena peeked through the crack in the door to make sure the coast was clear before exiting while holding the disgusting thing at arms length away from her.

Serena froze in place as the door opened, leaving her standing in shock while holding a wet diaper as both Emily and Dawn entered. “It’s not what it looks like!” she blurted out while regretting it the moment the words left her lips. All she had done was successfully draw attention to herself.

Emily looked from Serena to the sodden granny panty looking undergarment that she held away from her with disgust. Emily’s green eyes softened in understanding as she put the pieces together first. “No big deal,” she said with a shrug before entering a stall leaving Serena and Dawn standing awkwardly together.

“So, uh, you saving that for someone?” Dawn asked in jest after Serena had made no attempts to move from the spot she seemed glued to in order to throw it away. Serena’s face began to glow bright red as she finally found her footing and voice as she made quick work of disposing of the evidence before washing her hands.

Emily soon re-emerged. “Did something happen?” she asked her noticing Serena’s red face and puffy eyes. “You’re new to wearing diapers, aren’t you?”

“I don’t wear diapers!” Serena shot back as Dawn raised an eyebrow at her. “All the time…” she mumbled at the end.

“I used to have to wear them all the time.” Emily said, “ I used to be so scared of people finding out, but after a while, you don’t really care anymore. I’m guessing by your reaction it’s new to you, since you looked like you were caught murdering someone.”

Know it all, Serena thought before sighing. “Got thrown off a Rhyhorn during a race.”

“Ooh.” Both Emily and Dawn said with a grimace.

“I’m still healing, I tore some muscles down there and haven’t been able to hold it for long periods. I thought it would be rude to keep having to leave during the ceremony…” Serena explained.

“Well I hope you get better!” Dawn said cheerfully. “Now are we going to stay in this bathroom all night, or are we going to eat? I’m starving!” The others nodded in agreement and filed out of the ladies room. On the way back to the table, the group passed a bulletin board of various advertisements and announcements of upcoming attractions coming into town. It had happened so fast that if Serena hadn’t been looking in that particular direction, she would have missed what Emily tore from the board and crumpled up.

“What was that about?” Serena whispered to Dawn as Emily tossed the crumpled up flyer in the trash.

“No idea, “ she whispered back giggling. “I’m going to find out. Distract her!” She said while slipping away and heading back to the trashcan as if she were an secret agent on a mission searching for clues. She flashed Serena a smile before sticking her hand in the trash and retrieving the crumped ball of paper that seemed to have upset the other girl so much. Serena smiled back as she let herself get wrapped up in Dawn’s boisterous personality and search for answers.

“Where’d Dawn go?” Emily asked taking a seat at their table before picking up her fork and digging into the plate of fettuccine alfredo that was being served for dinner.

“So, are you a trainer or…?” Serena asked to distract her.

“Well, I have a few pokemon, but I’m interning at the Pokemon Center in Cerulean City.” Emily said between bites of food.

“Nice, but I have no idea where that is. I’m not from around here.” Serena said taking a sip of her wine. She caught Emily staring at it with a hint of longing in her eyes before she sighed and took a drink from her soda.

“Hey, sorry, I’m back.” Dawn said sitting in between the two before winking at Serena and passing her a torn up picture of a brunette haired girl she recognized from several Silph Co. advertisements she had seen hanging up around town. So strange, she thought folding it up and slipping it into her purse.

“Hello, ladies, “ A waiter said appearing with a bottle of wine. “ May I top of your glasses?”

“Thank you,” both Serena and Dawn said as their glasses were refilled.

Emily glanced at the empty wine glass next to her before pushing it forward in a failed attempt to get some.

“May I see your trainer card, miss?” The waiter asked as Emily hung her head in defeat and mumbled something that sounded like a “never mind”.

Dawn flashed a mischievous smile at Serena before taking a long and drawn out sip from her glass. “Mmm, isn’t the wine here spectacular?”

“It is; it really goes great with dinner.” Serena agreed having to hold back her giggles.

“You want some, Emily?” Dawn asked offering her glass to the girl whose eyes sparkled as she nodded her head and began reaching for it. Dawn pulled it away just out of arms reach and smiled. “First you have to tell us what that was all about with the poster.”

Serena smiled behind her glass. Dawn was good, maybe she was a secret agent after all, she thought with a laugh. Emily frowned while thinking it over.

“I just don’t like advertisements.” She answered.

“Do you believe her?” Dawn asked Serena.

“Not a chance,” Serena said. “Too bad, this really is good wine.”

“Fine,” Emily said rolling her eyes. “It’s because of the girl on the flyer.”

“Go on.” Dawn said inching the glass a little closer towards Emily. “Whatcha got against the new prez of Silph Co?”

“We, umm, used to date.” Emily mumbled. Dawn and Serena exchanged a look of surprise. They had expected a response like, “She was a stuck up bitch,” or something, but a confession of a past lesbian love? Serena nodded as Dawn handed over her glass, but Emily now seemed to be lost in thought. Now this conversation was much more interesting than plants.

“Now when you said date, you mean you were actually…?” Serena asked.

“Dating.”

“You had a girl friend?” Dawn asked a little doubtful as Emily nodded seemingly interested now in a half-eaten piece of garlic bread.

“Were you two serious?” Serena asked completely intrigued.

“I guess,” Emily mumbled taking a sip from the glass of wine.

“Did you two…do it?” Dawn blurted out as Serena nearly choked on her fork. Way to be subtle. The girl being questioned turned a bright red before knocking back the rest of the wine like it was a shot. Well that’s a yes, Serena thought taking the empty glass away and replacing it with her full one.

“This might sound like a dumb question, but…umm, how?” Dawn asked as Emily nearly spit out her drink.

“With, umm, fingers…” Emily whispered with a blush as both Dawn and Serena leaned in closer to hear. Now this, Serena thought, was an interesting topic. “And one time a vibrator in the shower.” Serena shifted her weight a bit in the chair to get comfortable, she hadn’t expected this topic to get her flustered, but it was having an obvious impact yet she wanted to know more.

“What other stories do you have?” Serena asked in a hushed tone trying to keep the excitement from her voice.

“Well, one time we went to the store and bought some whipped cream and chocolate syrup.” Emily said getting a little more comfortable. Serena figured it was because of the one and a half glasses she drank, but if it meant keeping the story going and getting some juicy details, she’d order her an entire bottle if that were what it would take.

“Yeah,” Both Serena and Dawn said pressing for more.

“And some rope.” Emily admitted… “Then she, umm, tied me up to the bed…”

“Yes!” Both girls said again wide-eyed.

“She poured chocolate syrup on me in certain places and then licked it off.” Emily admitted blushing fiercely.

“That’s pretty, umm…” Dawn started to say.

“Hot.” Serena said as Dawn nodded in agreement.

“I just have one more question for you; how far along is Misty?” Serena asked.

“Three months…” Emily admitted before grimacing as she realized what she just said.

“Knew it!” Serena said.

“EMILY KETCHUM!” a shout said next to the table as an angry looking woman with hands on her hips approached. “That better not be alcohol you’re drinking!” Delia shouted.

“Shit,” Emily said underneath her breath before she was dragged away by the ear towards the family table with Emily gasping in pain the whole way.

“Awe, there goes our fun,” Dawn said before stretching. “Want to go walk around out front and feed the Pidgey’s?”

“Yeah, sure,” Serena agreed as the pair left the reception hall and wandered around out front, remnants of dinner rolls in hand.

The pair walked around for what felt like hours, talking and laughing while throwing a few bread crumbs here and there. Serena was surprised at how easily she got along with Dawn and how fast the two had cliqued. In no time at all it felt like they had been friends for years despite having only met a few hours ago. They reminisced about the good old days of traveling with Ash. Before she could stop herself, Serena was telling her all about the huge crush she used to have on him and the strange hollow feeling she felt watching him marry someone else.

“It makes sense, he was your first love after all.” Dawn said after listening to Serena pour her heart out. “I’m just guessing though, I don’t know what love feels like. Some nights though, I wonder what it would be like to be held in someone’s arms while I fall asleep.”

“It’s one of the best feelings.” Serena said with a sigh. “It’s been a long time though.” She said sitting on the grassy hill overlooking the pond. “Who knew the bookworm earlier was in a sexual relationship with another girl?”

“Right? I was so surprised! Here I was thinking that girl had to be the most boring person on the planet. That conversation sure took a turn.” Dawn said. “Guess we shouldn’t judge people so fast.”

“Yeah,” Serena said now eye-level with Dawn’s waist. A sudden violent rustling in the nearby trees turned their attention as a strong gust of wind came rushing through sending leaves and flower petals dancing through the air. A sudden gasp from Dawn caused Serena to glance over and catch sight of the girl fighting a loosing battle with her skirt as it blew up revealing her childish cartoon panties.

“Don’t laugh!” Dawn said fake sulking with an obvious tinted red face. Serena wasn’t sure if it was from the cold or embarrassment, but it made the girl look cute.

“Piplup panties, huh?” Serena said giggling. “How old are you?”

“You’re one to talk, diaper girl.” Dawn said sticking out her tongue playfully.

“I’m not wearing a diaper.” Serena said while rolling her eyes.

“Oh, yeah? Prove it.” Dawn challenged with a smirk. She hadn’t expected Serena to accept as she had only been joking, but her eyes went wide as the blonde stood and lifted up the hem of her dress as Dawn got a good look of the much more mature red lacey undergarments.

“No diaper,” Serena said now smirking herself at the blush that had formed across Dawn’s face. “I never turn down a challenge.”

“Fancy,” Dawn said once she found her voice. “Where’d you get them?”

“I made them.”

“What? You made them?” Dawn asked in surprise.

“I design lingerie.” Serena said. “I have a whole line out in stores. You’d look pretty good in the blue ones.”

“Wow, nice. Heh, thanks, but it’s not like I have plans for anyone to see them anytime soon.” Dawn said squatting down to pick up a dandelion.

“For someone who says they aren’t going to be seen, Piplup sure seems to be making an awful lot of appearances today.” Serena teased after getting another good look in between the other girls legs. Dawn stuck out her tongue again before sitting down next to her on the hill as the two watched the sunset together. She wasn’t sure why, but Serena really wanted to put her arm around Dawn; she was just so cute and childish. She found herself leaning closer towards her until their hands accidentally brushed against each other. Serena could see the blush on the other girl’s face in the fading sunlight, but she made no move to pull her hand away so Serena held it in hers. Dawn’s hand was so smooth and so-unlike a man’s. It fit perfectly within her own.

Another cold wind swept across landscape as the two shivered together, but this time it was Dawn who huddled up closer. Serena tentatively wrapped an arm around her as Dawn leaned in and let herself rest against Serena’s side. Something about this just felt so right to her; she wouldn’t even mind staying like this for the rest of the night. If only she didn’t have to pee.

Serena quietly cursed under her breath as she tried to shift. This had been so nice. Why now of all times? She tried to hold it as best she could, but her constant shifting and squirming alerted Dawn to a problem.

“Something the matter?” she asked. “You seem uncomfortable, is this too weird for you?” she asked sitting up.

“No, no! It’s not you, I was actually enjoying this.” Serena admitted as Dawn smiled. “I have to pee,” She mumbled.

“Can’t you hold it?” Dawn teased leaning back into her.

“No, I’m sorry.” Serena admitted before muttering. “Stupid Rhyhorn.”

Dawn quickly sat up as her eyes went wide in revelation. “I totally forgot about that.” She admitted. “We walked pretty far from the hotel, can you make it back?”

“Umm, I’m not sure. I’ll try.” She said sitting up and getting to her feet.

“You can always just go in the trees if you don’t think you can make it.” Dawn said pointing to the rows of pine trees.

“We’re not kids anymore, Dawn.” Serena said with a scowl.

“If you gotta go, you gotta go.” She said with a shrug.

“I’d rather just hold it.” Serena said looking around. “I’m going to head back.” Dawn nodded in agreement as the two set off towards the hotel. About fifteen minutes into the walk Serena grimaced as she felt the pressure becoming more and more unbearable as she let out a groan.

“Are you gonna be ok?” Dawn asked in concern. “You can squeeze my hand if you wa- I TAKE IT BACK! LET GO LET GO!” She whimpered holding her crushed fingers.

Serena crossed her legs before continuing on the trek back, but froze in place at the first signs of leakage. “No no no,” she moaned as warm droplets began snaking down her legs. She looked around in a panic, but there was no cover anywhere. She could either squat down in front of Dawn right here and now or wet herself while walking. The blue haired girl smiled sympathetically at her in understanding. She wasn’t going to make it and they both knew it.

“Damn it, I’m sorry,” Serena mumbled stopping in defeat as she lifted her dress out of the way. It was already too late for her underwear so she didn’t even bother moving them out of the way. She hadn’t even been able to squat down before she lost control as warm urine streamed down her legs. At least she could save her dress she thought with a pitiful laugh. “Should have gone in the trees like you said, you must think I’m disgusting now.” She said choking back a sob.

“Hey, it’s okay, it happens.” Dawn said trying to reassure her while putting a hand on her shoulder.

“I’m 24-years-old and this is the third time I’ve had an accident in front of someone since the injury. I came to Kanto to get away from what happened in my home region and all I did was create more painful memories!”

“Shh, shh, it’s okay, I promise. I don’t think you’re disgusting.” Dawn said rubbing the other girl’s back. “You’re a beautiful and talented designer who just needs a bit more time to heal is all. Now c’mon, take those wet panties off before you get sick.”

“So not how my underwear is supposed to come off at a wedding.” Serena half-laughed and half-cried.

“Heh, would you rather me take them off?” Dawn blurted out before cringing and covering her mouth as both girl’s blushed fiercely.

“Not when they’re like this,” Serena said moving in quickly before she lost the nerve and kissed Dawn’s cheek. She cringed while reaching up and pulled down her soaked panties while Dawn held her face where Serena’s lips had brushed against them.

“So what happened in your home region?” Dawn asked once she had recovered from the shock.

“Wet myself on stage during a fashion show.” Serena mumbled holding her wet undergarments in the crook of her index finger.

“I’m sorry, that must have been horrible.” Dawn said cringing at the thought.

“It wasn’t my most glamorous moment.” Serena admitted with a sigh. Dawn smiled sympathetically as she took the blondes hand in hers. “Thank you for being so sweet and understanding, I’ve really enjoyed getting to know you.”

“I’ve enjoyed hanging out with you as well,” Dawn said. “I feel so comfortable around you; It doesn’t feel like we just met.” She admitted locking eyes with Serena with a kind and gentle smile as she leaned back against a thin pine tree.

“I feel the same,” Serena said tucking her soiled underwear into her purse before meeting Dawn’s gaze. She felt her heart beating rapidly inside her chest as she looked into the girl’s sea blue eyes that seemed to beckon her closer. Serena’s outstretched hand moved automatically, as if it was on auto-pilot, gently brushing Dawn’s long bangs out of her eyes. “You’re really pretty.” Serena said quietly as her face inched closer and closer.

“So are you,” Dawn whispered back sliding her palm across Serena’s face. “Go on, I dare you.”

“You know I never back down from a challenge.” Serena whispered back lightly pressing her lips against Dawn’s.

“You call that a kiss?” Dawn teased when they broke apart before leaning in for more. Her arms found their way around Serena’s neck as they each found their rhythm. Dawn’s lips sent a serious of strange, but not un-pleasant, sensations coursing through Serena’s body. She wanted to feel more of her. She wanted to know every inch of her mouth and lips and wanted to feel more of her pressed against her.

“Where are you staying?” Serena finally asked once the two had broken a part for air.

“The pokemon center.” Dawn said resting her head on Serena’s shoulder as she let the others woman’s arms hold her against her body.

“I’ve got a room at the hotel. You could stay with me.” Serena whispered.

“How many beds are there?”

“Just one.” Serena said softly taking her by the hand.

###

The two girls sat side by side on the hotel bed after each had had a turn in the shower.

“I knew you’d look amazing in the blue ones.” Serena said admiring Dawn’s body in the lacy blue lingerie. “They go great with your hair.”

“Thanks.” Dawn said with a nervous smile looking down at her body. “I’ve never worn anything like this before.”

“You look great.” Serena said again sporting a matching pink set of her own.

“I-I-don’t know what to do.” Dawn admitted after a moment of awkward and tense silence.

“I’m not quite sure either, to be honest.” Serena said. “We can just start where we left off and see what happens.” She said taking her hand and running her fingers through Dawn’s wet hair. The other nodded and gave a nervous giggle before continuing their kiss from earlier only breaking apart occasionally to breathe and turn on some music.

“Can I touch you?” Dawn asked as Serena nodded her head. Dawn gently took her palm and slowly traced down the girls shoulders until she hesitantly came to rest on top of her bra. Serena nodded her approval again before Dawn lightly cupped her breast in her hands through the lacey material. Serena resumed their kiss as she began to explore Dawn’s chest as well before reaching down and slowly feeling her stomach, hips and thighs.

“Can I touch you here?” Serena asked resting a finger a top the other’s panties as Dawn hesitantly nodded. Serena very carefully and slowly traced along the various bumps that pressed against the fabric inside. After a few slow and teasing laps she began to feel moisture against her fingers. “You’re getting wet.” Serena whispered as Dawn’s face turned red. She slipped her fingers inside the waistband of her panties and began teasing her directly as Dawn’s legs twitched a little involuntarily.

“Do you masturbate, Dawn?” she asked as the blue haired girl shook her head. “So you’ve never had anything inside of you?” Another no. “I don’t want to hurt you, so I have an idea.” Serena said pulling her damp fingers away and pulling Dawn’s body to the edge of the bed as she sat between her legs on the floor and pulled the blue panties down Dawn’s legs.

“What are you doing?” Dawn asked as she let herself be positioned as she stared up at the ceiling. “SE-SER-SERENA!” she gasped closing her legs at the unexpected sensation.

“Shh, it’s ok. Just enjoy it.” Serena said patting the girl’s thigh reassuringly and opening her legs. “I’ll make you feel good.”

“But..but it’s dir- AHH!” Dawn moaned clenching the bedding in her fists as she twitched at the strange yet wonderful sensation of Serena’s tongue. “Oh god, Oh god.”

“See, I told you.” Serena said between licks as she held down Dawn’s squirming legs. After a few minute’s she could feel Dawn’s lower parts beginning to twitch against her tongue while she alternated between licking and sucking as the girl’s moaning grew louder.

“I..feel…strange!” Dawn moaned. “Something’s going to come out! Stop!”

“It means… you’re going to… cum. It’s…okay…to…cum…”

“N-no! I feel like I’m going to pee!”

“It’s okay, it happens. It’s why I moved you off the bed. There’s an ice bucket under you, don’t worry.” Serena said rubbing her to keep the sensation going so she could talk. “Just relax and ride it out.” She said before going back to her previous method of stimulation.

“Ahh, Serena!” Dawn moaned. “It feels so hot! Ahh! Serena! Serena! I can’t hold it much longer!”

“Just…let…it…happen….before you do, say, ‘I’m coming,’”

“Ahh, ahh!” Dawn panted locking her knees around Serena’s head. “C-can’t hold it! I’m cumming! I’m cumming!” She yelled as Serena pulled her head back in the nic of time as liquid began trickling into the bucket below.

###

“That…was…amazing.” The blue haired girl said rolling over and wrapping her arms around Serena. “Thank you.” She mumbled before letting out a long yawn.

“You’re pretty good yourself, Miss-I-Have-No-Idea-What-I’m-Doing.” Serena teased kissing her forehead and pulling her in closer as the two fell asleep in each others arms…

*002*2015-10-07 22:47

It was fun ;D I'm really glad you liked it ^^

*003*2015-10-07 22:47

It was fun ;D I'm really glad you liked it ^^

*005*2015-10-07 23:01

I have no idea why that posted twice 0.0

*009*2015-10-09 15:00

{{:

W-..I don-Ho

I loved it.

}}

Uh...i-t it was a commission I swear! I would never write something this perverted of my own free will... *cough cough* *shifty eyes*

*011*2015-10-09 18:40

{{:

Oh sure...

- Cough cough reads the rest of your stories Cough cough -

You totally would never write something this perverted I mean that's ridiculous right

Hehahaha

Yeah you totally wrote this and enjoyed writing this

}}

Hahaha I haven't the slightest idea what your talking about, sir 0: ) You must have me confused with someone else.

*014*2015-10-09 18:50

{{:

I have the Evidence! come clean now or I'll take this to trial good ma'am!

Also not a sir ;_;

}}

You'll never take me alive! And I shall take back that knighting

*016*2015-10-09 18:59

See, see! It was him! All him!! ….he requested a vivid oral sex scene…he just doesn't remember… *cough cough*

*018*2015-10-09 19:23

: ) What's funny is I'm straight. I just like yuri in artwork/ reading writing etc. Like how I like Omo and diapers, my interests in those are not IRL, I just like the artwork.

*019*2015-10-09 21:39

{{:

Nothing wrong with liking Yuri. Some of my favorite pairings are yuri. Anyways, another excellent story from you Sasha, and always nice to read more Emily(She's probably my favorite Pokemon fanchar even if my mental picture of her is based on Leaf). Though personally, Dawn sounds sexier in the piplup panties and than blue lacy ones, but then again, as an unrepentant lolicon, I tend to prefer cute or childish fashion to more traditionally sexy styles.

}}

I've always wanted to commission an pic of Emily and Anna together. I'll see if I can find anything that resembles what I've imagined.

Is leaf May? If so we have the same mental picture haha.

*020*2015-10-10 11:48

Oh ok. I looked her up and she is pretty similar to how I imagined Emily,

