Master and Servant - Page 5

Author: Sunny

*105*2015-07-08 08:00

Sorry its been so long everyone! I'm working on the next chapter currently, but its taking me a little bit longer than I'd like. I've had some crazy things going on in RL and haven't had much time for writing :(

But with any luck I should be done soon! Thanks for sticking with it!

*108*2015-07-31 20:16

Hey all! Thanks for the comments keeping this thread alive and everything. I had to move and change jobs so I had to put the story on hold. Today is the first day I have internet again! My goal is to have a new chapter for everyone tonight. Sorry again for the long wait!

*113*2015-08-06 05:11

Chapter 10: Piss and Pleasure (Draco + Hermione)

The first few classes of the day were interesting for Draco to watch, in their own way. Hermione had her water flask in her hand at all times, drinking like a good little pet. She'd glance at him now and then, and he loved the way she'd blush when he caught her eye. She looked every bit as guilty as he wanted her to, and he loved her nervous squirming. It made him giddy to know that it wasn't her bladder making her fidget and flustered, at least not yet. Watching Hermione deal with other specific urges was something he also liked to see. And if he had his way, he'd get to see how she handled being horny and desperate all at once.

Besides, it wasn't like he actually expected her to be able to complete this challenge anyway. That's why it was a punishment. Getting to observe how things played out was what he truly wanted. This was more about finding out her sexual limits, and maybe to see how badly he could humiliate her when it was just the two of them. After all, she seemed to like and trust him a little bit more now. If she thought highly of him, the chances of being able to embarrass her were higher too. He smirked at the thought during their Charms class as he looked at her again.

He figured their eyes wouldn't have been meeting the way they were if she hadn't been looking at him too. He loved the way catching her in the act made her redden and look down at her desk. Her squirming was different from the way she moved when she needed to pee, but it didn't make too much of a difference to him. Having the effect on her that he did was taking on a thrill of its own. His lips curled further and he started at her openly the next time she glanced his way. Her eyes widened in surprise, but this time she wouldn't (maybe couldn't?) look away from him. Instead, her cheeks heated and she shifted in her seat, all the while keeping her eyes on him. Even the slightest shiver was his to see, and they were intensifying the entire time Flitwick pressed on about weather charms.

By the end of the lesson, he had her wiggling almost as much as when she needed the loo. Draco took his time packing up, watching her as she did the same. Her movements weren't slow or controlled, but he could definitely tell she was antsy. As Flitwick left and the room cleared out, Draco walked past her as she tidied the last of her things.

“You didn't drink nearly enough water this class, pet,” he purred in a low whisper, stroking a single finger down her spine as he paused just long enough to say so, “follow me.”

He heard Hermione groan behind him, though he wasn't sure if it was out of dread or something else. Perhaps both. He didn't bother to check to see if she followed his lead, he knew she wasn't stupid enough to disobey him right now. He led her in the same direction of their next class, but instead of turning left toward the Transfiguration room door, he turned right down a hidden corridor behind a tapestry.

“Draco---”

“Wrong.”

“I mean...Master, we're gonna be late for class...”

“No, we won't,” he replied calmly, “I just want to have a quick discussion.”

“Sure,” she replied, biting her lip in worry.

“You didn't even drink a full flask of water,” he scolded, “I watched. How many do you think you could have had in that class, hm?”

“Um...I dunno, maybe....four?” she guessed, looking a little concerned.

“Probably!” he said “And yet you just sat there, squirming like a worm on a hook!” That made Hermione go extremely red as she shifted subtly from foot to foot.

“There you go again, don't tell me you have to pee already? You pissed a bucket half full not an hour ago,” he said “have you been ignoring your body that much that you can't hold off a single class?”

“No, that's not it,” she said indignantly, though Draco could tell his scolding touched a nerve, “I don't have to pee at all!”

“Oh yeah?” he challenged “is that right?”

“That's right!”

“Then why were you squirming about, hm?” he asked with a smirk. That defiant scowl melted right off her face.

“Its because...”

“You better tell me, Hermione, I asked you a direct question and you better answer your Master honestly,” Draco growled, making his voice low and threatening as he took a step closer to her. That command gave him a thrill like no other, but it made Hermione shudder too.

“I'm...I..”

“Answer me girl,” he hissed.

“I was thinking about you,” she said, blushing brightly as she admitted it, “alright? I was thinking about you.” Draco smirked at her answer, trying to keep it together as his stomach did back-flips and his heart skipped a beat.

“Oh really? Thinking of me how?” he asked as he stepped closer to her. Hermione was backed up against the corner of the corridor, looking up at him. She was embarrassed, that much was obvious from her red face and wide eyes, but there was something else there too. A desperate sort of heat that made Draco just want to be as close to her as possible.

“I was thinking about....um....how it felt when you touched me,” she said, her voice a little shaken, but clear, “it felt good...”

“Do you want me to touch you like that again?” he asked her, a smile tugging on his lips.

“Oh...yes,” she gulped “please, Master...”

“Then drink four flasks of water, right now,” he demanded. Hermione wasted no time grabbing the flask of water from her bag. Were her hands shaking? Did she want him to touch her that badly? It surprised him, but he simply rested himself against the wall beside her as she unscrewed the lid and began drinking greedily from the bottle.

Draco grinned, starting to feel a little hot himself as he watched her guzzle down her liquid. She barely took breaks to breathe and trails of water dribbled from the corners of her mouth and down her chin. All of that water would be surging to come out before long. She kept going until the counter on the bottom of the flask hit five before she finally pulled it from her mouth, gasping softly.

“What a good girl,” he said in a silky tone, his fingers stroking the water off her lips, “but if you think you're going to get anything extra for drinking more water than I asked, you're wrong.”

Her lips folded into a pout against his touch and he chuckled softly, simply tilting her face up toward his. He kissed her wet lips hungrily, making her moan softly in response. It made his head spin a little, and he moved on instinct as he brushed his hand against her side. She responded eagerly, wrapping her arms around his neck, trying to draw him close to her. He could feel heat radiating off her as he did the same. It gave him the best kind of chills. His hand traveled to her thigh as his lips moved down her neck, as they had done that morning. Hermione whimpered a low whine of pleasure against his ear and he pressed his hand between her legs through her skirt in response.

“Haaa...Master...” she sighed, shaking in his hold. Hearing that a pulse of heat straight through him and he kissed her again, his hand dipping with sudden urgency straight into her panties. She gasped at the intrusion, but didn't protest it at all. Instead, she quivered and wiggled against his fingers, and seemed only too pleased when he stroked her thoroughly with them. She was whining in moments, hands shaking as she held the front of his robes.

“You wanna get off?” he growled roughly against her ear.

“Yes...Ohhh...! Master, please I need it....” she groaned as she squirmed into his touch.

“Then you better keep those panties dry, pet,” he smirked as he pulled away, leaving her whining and whimpering and unattended to, “and don't you dare do it on your own.” He wiped his hand against his trousers as he left Hermione in the room alone, heading to class without her. He knew she would follow, or her perfect attendance record would suffer for it.

However, Hermione found that she couldn't move. She shivered as he left and the second Draco left her sight, she sunk down onto the carpeted floor below her. Every inch of her skin seemed as though it were inflamed and her own heartbeat thundered in her ears as her sex pulsed desperately between her legs. She wanted nothing, absolutely nothing more than to forget everything Draco said about not being allowed to finish herself off. As hot as she was, she could probably get two, maybe even three good orgasms in right there. Forget it! She thought with a soft groan, sitting up sharply against the wall, I agreed to hold my pee for him NOT my pleasure!

With a soft, desperate groan, Hermione bent her knees and spread her legs a little as she stuck her hand into her panties. Draco's face came to mind, his condescending voice scolding her for breaking his rules. She bit her lips against a louder cry of pleasure and moved her fingers quickly, stroking herself. Her thighs quivered and her body was rocking with pleasure; she knew she was nearly finished, so close to having her final pleasure.

And then the bell rang.

Panicked, Hermione stopped what she was doing and nearly fell over in an attempt to grab her things, last of which being her flask of water. Luckily, she was able to make it inside the Transfiguration before the last chime. She took her seat, batting off questions from Ron by saying she had dipped into the loo for a minute wee. She noticed him blushing as he grumbled about not needing to know the details. She was grateful he fell silent, but privately wondered if he was blushing because he'd been disgusted. The idea, well...it made her kind of sad as she took her notes. Was her kink really all that disgusting? Urine was actually pretty clean in comparison to other things. Though she didn't like thinking about if Ron would approve or not. That was a matter for a different time. At the moment, all she could do to keep herself from rubbing herself into a pleasured frenzy was their lesson. Not that Draco staring at her was helping her much with that.

Oh, that's right, Hermione thought as he caught her in a stare for the second time in class, I'm supposed to be drinking out of this the whole time. I'm really gonna have to go before dinner....

She lifted the bottle her lips anyway though, and drank throughout the class. By the end of it her stomach was a little swollen, but it wasn't all that painful. In fact, she sort of liked the way it felt, especially when she gave her water filled tummy a slight push. It gave her girlhood a light tickle and she licked her lips at the familiar feeling. That first little pull on her bladder felt so good when she so badly wanted pleasure. It made her wonder, though, just how good would it feel if she could piss desperately and orgasm at the same time? And how much better would it feel with Draco watching? Hermione shuddered and pulled the bottle to her lips again and didn't stop until she'd drained it once more.

By the time she had sat down (and oh so gingerly did she do so) to eat lunch with her house, Hermione's stomach wasn't the only liquid swollen organ in her body. Her bladder was hard and straining against the fabric of her clothes. Her legs were twisted together under the long table, sweating cold as she drank goblet after goblet of pumpkin juice. She was so full but it felt so good to keep adding more and more inside her. Just the excitement of knowing how she was going to explode later made it endlessly worth it.

On her third cup of juice, she glanced over at the Slytherin table, finding Draco among the throng of green and silver stripped students. He was watching her again, though she noted how surprised he looked. She smirked and drank another goblet full of juice. It made her squirm and it was all Hermione had in her not to moan aloud as her bladder gave a sharp tug, begging for her to release it. Most of all, she loved the excuse it gave her to grip her lady tight in her hand, rocking into the pressure it gave. Shivers of pleasure raced through her, making her bladder pound. She had to go so, so bad! And it felt so, so good...

When the bell rang for their afternoon classes, Hermione was trembling bad enough that Draco could see it from across the Great Hall. He never expected she'd willingly drink so much by lunch time. He swallowed, watching her stand up from the table. He loved the way her face screwed up, flushing red as she pressed her legs together. He watched her shiver, frozen for a moment before shifting her weight and crossing her knees as subtly as she was able. Draco grinned as he watched the display, realizing as she gave herself a quick squeeze what was going on. Having to pee so badly while suffering through her more passionate needs was turning her on. He was still smirking as he headed down to their double potions lesson. What would he get to see? Would she wet herself if he made her orgasm on a full bladder? Or maybe would releasing all her water make her come? He wasn't sure which out come he wanted to see more.

Regardless, he was happy to sit behind her in potions and watch the show. He glanced at the clock, musing over the time. Double potions included one hour of theory and one hour of brewing. They went right into Herbology as their last class and at ended at 3 o'clock. Dinner began at 5 o'clock; judging by the way Hermione was moving already, she wouldn't be able to hold on for five more hours. And Draco was in no mood to be kind and let her have her way, no matter how hard she begged. He'd already decided what her options were going to be.

Hermione Granger was either going to safeword out of her hold, or she was going to be punished further for wetting those pretty panties of hers. He could barely hear Snape lecture on as he envisioned Hermione's pale blue panties with their white hearts and lace trim. He couldn't wait to see them drenched and dark, those white hearts faintly yellowed. The fact her underwear were always so innocent looking just added to how much he loved to see them soaked.

A small noise in front of him alerted him to Hermione's continuing struggle. He watched with glee as she wiggled in her chair, pressing her thighs together tightly. He knew what it meant for her to be squirming like that openly. He was absolutely correct about her not being able to hold it until after dinner. And he had the perfect punishment planned for her after she spent all her liquids, too...

Hermione knew she was in some big trouble around a half hour into double potions. It seemed like the walk down to the cool dungeons, sitting in the dark room, and listening to the demonstration cauldron bubbling antagonized her bladder way more than she thought it would. She just couldn't sit still at all and her pee kept pushing against the only exit it had. If I even let my guard down for one second, she thought, trembling in her chair, it'll start to come out! To be honest, she was a little worried about making it to the end of dinner dry. She glanced at the clock and did the math, groaning slightly. Five whole hours! Not to mention waiting at the table, drinking even MORE juice. She pressed her thighs together at the thought of it, her bladder pulsing.

Still....the hot feeling between her legs persisted, getting worse because she was just so full of liquids. It was like walking on the dagger's edge. Being so full felt so good and made her so hot. She wanted even more inside her until she burst! She bit her lip against a hard gasp as her hand dove between her legs, gripping herself hard. She could feel it, her pee tickling her hole as her bladder throbbed viciously. Moments passed and the throbbing sensation just got even worse! Panicking, she held herself tightly with both hands, crossing her legs for added pressure.

No! If...If I get my panties wet, even just a little, I'll be in trouble! she thought in agony. She whined softly, twisting in her chair as she fought against her urine, grinding her fingers against herself. Oooh...that feels good...Hermione blushed, rubbing herself a little bit through her panties as her bladder continued to thunder for release. Her body trembled, heat flooding through her body. She gulped, shaking as she rubbed a little harder. Her thighs quaked, body giving a shudder as pleasure rolled over her. It was all she could do not to moan aloud in class. I'm barely doing anything at all, but...being so full feels sooo good...all I want to do is keep touching myself...

Suddenly the crotch of her panties bloomed hot and wet, a rush of liquid splashing against her fingers. She bit down on her lip, her movements coming to a grinding halt. Her bladder thrashed angrily, pushing another two, then three, then four more hot spurts against her hand. She shivered, all the heat draining from her body, replaced instead with icy fear. I...I peed...my panties are all wet...she thought, fear tightening a knot in her stomach. She was gonna be in so much trouble! Draco was already mad at her. If he decided to check after class, he'd know what she did. But...she couldn't deny how good it felt. Losing control like that while she rubbed against herself like that was amazing.

If she hadn't been so scared of breaking her rules, she might have found her final pleasure, sitting right there in the middle of Snape's lecture. The idea rose heat in her cheeks, and between her legs once again. What if she just did it anyway? Right there in class, touching herself through her wet panties until she came. She could almost feel her orgasm bursting through her body, all her pent up liquid coming right with it. She'd sit there, shaking in pleasure and perfect mortification as her piss poured out of her between spread legs, splashing loudly onto the stone floor in front of the entire class.

She could imagine everyone's faces, the shock, the disgust, and all the things they'd call her. Imaginary shame rolled through her, making her feel hot and cold. She could never do that, but oh god how amazing it would be if she did. What would Draco do? Would he be mad? Shocked? Would he like to see it? Maybe if she pissed like that in class, she'd be off the hook for a deeper punishment.

Her wistful thinking was interrupted by the transition from lecture to lab practice. Partially, she was relieved for the distraction. It gave her something else to focus on besides her leaking bladder. She needed a good few moments to calm herself down, and leaking the way she did made it a little easier for her to hold the rest in. She set up her station and ingredients for the potion they'd be brewing that day before getting in line to fill her cauldron with water. Draco got in line behind her, making her heart pound. The last time he stood behind her in a line, he slid his hand under her skirt. If he did that now he'd find wet panties.

She gulped, trying not to appear nervous as nervous as she was. It made her shift her weight anyway, nervous agitating her bladder. More than that, the constant splashing of the water spout into everyone's cauldron's was driving her mad with desire. She licked her lips, looking at the gargoyle's head with water flowing from its mouth. There was no basin, just a dip in the floor with a large drain so it was easier to move the cauldrons underneath. She suddenly envisioned standing before the spout, filling her cauldron with water as she spread her legs over the drain, bladder bursting through her now cold panties, rushing even faster than the water coming from the gargoyle's mouth.

She practically salivated at the fantasy until she was next in line, her bladder throbbing. She moved from foot to foot, swallowing before moving her cauldron under the fast flowing water. Seeing it splash into her cauldron was a wonderful nightmare. Almost immediately, her cold panties warmed with a fresh dribble of urine. She whimpered, the sound drowned out by the splashing water, and pressed her thighs together.

“My my my,” Draco drawled softly from behind her, making her go very still, “such a naughty girl.”

Oh God he knows!!! Hermione thought, panic filling her to the core. She said nothing, only shivered lightly as he leaned a little closer to her until she could feel his hot breath against her ear.

“Are you really so stupid to think I don't know EXACTLY what you look like when you piss yourself?” he whispered, leaving her shaking. She finished filling her cauldron and pulled away, daring to turn around to look at him. He was smirking, malice in his eyes. She quickly moved passed him and sat down at her station, setting up her cauldron with trembling hands. He knew. He absolutely knew. But wait...if he knows, then...does it matter if I pee a little more? I already broke the rules for the day...but maybe I shouldn't risk making him more mad...

She chopped up her ingredients, measuring everything out perfectly all while battling her bladder. She sat down again, lowering the heat on her cauldron to a low simmer as per the directions. The potions would brew until about five minutes before the end of class. Now she just had to wait, the class having been instructed to study for an upcoming test while the potions brewed. She pulled out her water flask as she opened her book. The idea of putting more water into her body was both exciting and dreadful. She gulped through bottle after bottle as she finished the chapter until she couldn't fit another drop of liquid into her body, even if she wanted to. Her stomach and her bladder were straining hard against the fabric of her clothes, pulsing hard. It felt so good and so bad all at once.

Shivering, she rubbed her hand over her swollen tummy, the barest of touches sending sharp, but not painful, pangs of pressure into her bladder. It was like everything she drank settled directly into the organ, filling her up to the rock hard brim. Her hand trailed slowly down from her stomach to her protruding bladder, gingerly squeezing it. Silently gasping, she locked her legs together as tight as she could. For a moment, she really thought she was going to piss right then and there. Her body was throbbing all over, not just in her bladder, but that was where it was certainly more intense. She immediately shoved her hand between her legs, grinding herself against the pressure and pleasure it offered.

Hermione had no idea how she made it through the lesson without wetting herself. She supposed slowly masturbating without allowing herself to have the pleasure her body craved had something to do with it. She'd never thought about using that method to hold in her pee, but it was by far her new favorite. The bell rang, startling her, and then everything went fuzzy. She couldn't feel her bladder pulling desperately within her anymore, only a harsh pressure as she stood to put away her things. Body shaking, ears buzzing, she didn't register Ron and Harry talking to her before leaving.

She figured she must have mumbled out an answer, because they left quickly. The class and its professor all emptied out while she stood there, frozen, as the pressure in her lower tummy just continued to intensify. She was barely aware that she'd moved to hold herself, barely aware she was sweating cold and shaking. All in one moment, she became sharply of only three things. One, she was standing in the nearly empty potions classroom. Two, Draco Malfoy was standing directly in front of her. And three, she suddenly didn't have to pee anymore...

Draco's lips curved into a wicked grin as he watched her during the potions lab. She wasn't going to make it to dinner. She wasn't going to make it to Herbology, either. And quite honestly, he would be completely surprised if this didn't end with her wetting herself fully before the bell rang. He knew she had already wet her panties during the theory portion of the lesson. Draco knew her body language, especially when she'd started leaking. From her position alone, he knew it had been the kind that fully soaked her panties through. Good thing he already had her punishment sitting in the bottom of his bag.

He watched her as the bell rang, not bothering to clean his things straight away. He saw her jump at the sound that marked the end of their lesson, and he knew the movement marked the beginning of her demise. He put his books and quills and cauldron away, all keeping an eye on her. Hermione moved slowly, barely nodding in acknowledgment when Potter and Weasley said they needed something from the common room before heading to Herbology. Her hands shook as she put her things away, cleaning up everything on the desk before she slowly got to her feet. The class emptied out and Snape left through his private door in the back, leaving Draco alone with Hermione as she trembled in place, eyes glazed over. Her trembles evolved into full blown shaking and she moved her hand between her legs as she broke out in a cold sweat. It did nothing for her.

Draco could barely contain a wicked laugh of victory as Hermione's legs suddenly snapped apart, her hand bunched in the front of her skirt as a torrent of piss cascaded down from between her legs, spraying the stone at her feet so hard the splash echoed in the empty chamber. Draco kept a calm, cool countenance about him as he moved to stand in front of her. Clarity slowly seeped into her brown pools, the haze of utter desperation fading away. He smirked as the realization of what she was doing washed over her, loving the way her cheeks burned red in humiliation and tears bubbled up into her eyes.

“Oh no...” she whimpered, looking down at the ground as her bladder emptied forcefully on the classroom floor, “no...no, don't...M-Master...don't look....”

She pulled her hands out of her skirt and buried her face into them, legs giving out and sending her back into her chair. Her piss sprayed the wooden seat, flowing over the edge and back into the puddle around her. She started crying, truly crying, as her flood came to a wavering stop.

“Are you done?” Draco asked in an icy tone.

“N-no...” she bawled into her hands, shaking in her wet chair.

“Hn. There's no point in stopping when you've already made such a huge mess,” he said, but before he could even give her permission to finish, she yanked her skirt up and pulled her soaking panties down to her knees as another flow erupted out of her bare hole, arching over the edge of her chair and splattering directly into her growing puddle.

“I'm sorry...I'm s-so sorry...I tr-tried to w-wait but it...it just started c-coming out...” she bawled into her hands.

Draco just chuckled darkly.

“I can't believe you,” he snorted, “pulling your panties down like that. What are you trying to save?”

“I'm s-s-sorry....” she sobbed, her pee finally coming to a trickling end. He watched as she rubbed her face, hiccuping and sniffling and shaking.

“You're such a baby,” he said coldly, making her whimper, lower lip trembling, “You sat there and pissed yourself like a toddler. If that's what you're going to do, then thats how I'm going to treat you from now on.”

Hermione sniffled, shivering as she looked up at him. Draco loved what he saw; raw relief, shame, and arousal. He reached out and gently touched her cheek. She flinched initially at the touch, but he just stroked his fingers gingerly, taking tears away with his touch.

“Draco...?” she asked timidly, sniffling.

“Come on,” he said, tone turning gentle, “time to clean up.”

She sniffled and nodded, standing up on wobbly feet. She reached for her wand, but Draco took her hand in his.

“No, not like that,” he said. Wordlessly, he vanished away her puddle and shrunk her things so they would fit in his bag.

“Pull up your panties, Hermione,” he said, inwardly grinning at the face she made as she slid her cold, soiled panties back onto her body. He took her by the hand and led her out of the room, knowing the dungeons would be deserted by now. He led her into a small broom cupboard and the chill of it seemed to make Hermione more uncomfortable.

“Take off your shoes, socks, panties, and skirt. Is your shirt wet too?” he asked. Hermione shook her head in response and started undressing, putting her wet things in a pile. She stood shyly in front of him, pulling her shirt down to hide her girlhood from site. Her legs shimmered wet down to her feet with slowly drying urine. Draco knelt in front of her, making her squeak softly and blush. He pulled out a cloth from his bag and spelled it wet, then warm.

“Draco, what...” she began, and then gave a surprised gasp as he slid the warm cloth up the inside of her thigh. She went very tense as he started to clean her up, then sighed, relaxing a little. Draco smiled, gliding the warm rag up and down her legs, before sliding it between her thighs.

“Oh...” Hermione sighed softly, spreading her legs with smile gracing her lips.

“Like that, do we?” he grinned.

“Mmhm...” she murmured, lifting her shirt up a little as he rubbed her clean. He probably rubbed his warm cloth against her for too long because she let out a quiet moan and started quivering at the knees. Chuckling, he kissed her inner thigh.

“No,” he murmured, pulling away from her, “toddlers don't get orgasms, that's a big girl thing.”

“But Draco...” she whined softly.

“You were naughty,” he said simply, “you don't get to.”

Hermione whimpered again and just hung her head.

“Its time for your next punishment,” he said, making her look at him in fear. He loved that look.

“But....But I already...”

“Just because you cried and felt bad doesn't mean that was your punishment,” Draco said, “I said it before, and I'll say it again. You're no better than a toddler who needs toilet training. That's exactly what we're going to do.”

As long as he would live, Draco Malfoy was certain he would never see something so glorious as the shock and embarrassment that dropped Hermione's jaw and brought a blush brighter than the dawn to her face.

“What?!”

He just smirked and pulled something out of his bag. He had several pairs of panties in his hands, all in the innocent style Hermione liked to keep. She looked confused at first.

“Spread your legs,” he instructed, holding a pair out in front of her, “now, it took me some time to get them properly spelled...”

His explanation was interrupted by a sharp gasp from Hermione.

“Are these--!?”

“Nappies? No...think of them more like...training panties. But they've been spelled to feel like the real thing. If you wet, you won't make a big mess like you did earlier. You can go whenever you feel like it, but you have to come get me for a new pair when you need them. They won't absorb forever, after all. You still have to come get me for permission to go pee, and we'll try and find you somewhere to go before you wet them.”

“Draco, this is---”

“Something you need, Hermione, don't question me,” he said sharply, making her bow her head in shame, “Its not my fault you don't know how to hold your pee.”

“Yes, Master...” she mumbled, blushing red.

“Oh and last thing,” he smiled, going through his bag again. He plucked up a vial from among his things, handing it over to her.

“Drink this now,” he ordered. She looked confused, and definitely a little wary, but didn't argue.

“What was that?” she asked once she'd drained the vial.

“It's going to reset your bladder limits,” he smiled cheerfully, regardless of how appalled she looked, “so, Miss Toddler, you now have a bladder to match.”

((Okay, sorry it wasn't on time, but we had to fight with our new internet company! In the meantime, waiting for that I added to the chapter so its really...really long. Like holy crap. I hope you all liked it!))

*118*2015-08-10 03:01

Thanks for all the support guys! I swear I'm trying to get more regular update schedule going. It'll be a lot easier to do now while I have internet again!

So, in the comments and some comments previous, I did notice a few requests happening. Diapers were something that was brought up before, and while I'm not particularly into that myself, I thought this little punishment Draco's putting Hermione through would be sort of like the next best thing.

I think bed wetting was mentioned as well, and that IS something I'm interested in. Hermione has already had a chapter where she wet the bed, together with Lavender Brown, but I don't believe that was the last of us seeing some wet sheets in this story ;)

So, I am open to trying to work in some requests into what I'm writing, just leave a comment and we'll see how it goes!

*122*2015-08-12 02:34

Oh trust me, Hermione is going to definitely get embarrassed :)

And as for Luna, I'm not sure. This story is taking place during Goblet of Fire, so she hasn't met Luna yet. I'm not sure how far I'm going to take this story, but we'll see what happens.

