Eva

Author: fullbladder

*000*2015-05-19 07:23

Chapter 5

As expected, Heather spent most of the break bent over the instructor's desk revealing her black lingerie panties to the class. Eva herself couldn't help checking out her cleavage as she explained a ridiculously easy concept. Part of Eva actually wished she could check out Heather's butt just once. It seemed unfair that the class got to enjoy the show while she had to put up with the whole stupid Q&A game. As Heather finally walked back to her seat, hips swerving the entire way, Eva wondered how her student would react to being forced to wet herself. A bit of humiliation would probably do the girl some good.

Eva opened a new water bottle and forced her mind off playing pee games with her student. Despite her horniness, she still prided herself on being professional. Her naughty thoughts were explainable; it had been about six weeks since she had last had sex. Even then it had been a short, two-day fling with a University of Vermont professor she had met at a local seminar. That sexual encounter had actually interrupted another long dry spell- over two months, if she remembered correctly. She had considered looking for a steady boyfriend, which would be her first since her early 30's, but she just didn't find the whole emotional baggage appealing. Also, she was far too used to making her own decisions, living her own life. Having to coordinate things with lovers had always been an issue for her. Flings with out-of-towners just seemed easier, even if they occurred much too infrequently to satisfy her physical needs.

Every time her bladder filled up, her desire for sex seemed to multiply. This, in turn, led to sexual thoughts. She evaluated the urgency of her need for the toilet. It wasn't too bad right now, but she would be bursting by lecture's end. She felt naughty today- perhaps she would try to hold her pee all the way home then touch herself with a full bladder. She eagerly took another large gulp of water.

Eva clapped her hands together and called out to silence the class again. Not five minutes after she had restarted her lecture, a cell phone went off in the back of the class. Eva was used to students forgetting to silence their phones and ignored the lively jingle as she continued discussing the role of the spinal cord in reflex reactions. However, she couldn't ignore what happened next. Instead of immediately silencing her phone, Heather answered it and continued sitting at her desk giggling away. In shock at her inconsiderate behaviour, Eva stopped lecturing in mid-sentence. The quiet scratching sounds of pencils on paper and typing on keyboards silenced and the only sound left was Heather chatting away on her phone. Everyone turned to stare at the student still conversing, ignorant to the world around her.

Finally, Heather's friend tapped her on the shoulder causing her to look up at thirty-eight pairs of eyes, waiting for her to hang up the phone. "Hey, I gotta go now- see ya later, babe. Bye." Heather smiled sweetly at the class still staring at her. "That was an emergency, just so you know. I had to take it."

Eva's jaw nearly dropped in disbelief. This blonde bitch wasn't even a little remorseful for her selfish behaviour! At the very minimum, she could had offered up an apology, but instead there was the same self-righteous bullshit as always. For the first time since her wetting accident eight years ago, Dr. Lopez lost her composure in front of the class.

"Heather, I cannot believe your behaviour. Do you have anything to say to me and the class, perhaps an apology?"

Heather shrugged unapologetically. "What? I told you it was an emergency!"

Eva raised her eyebrows, in utter disbelief again. She had somehow related Heather to herself in her teens, refusing to judge her too harshly. Perhaps the girl had been a victim of a traumatic childhood which had left her insecure, even empty, and seeking compassion of any form, as Eva once had. However, it was clear now. Heather was not a troubled young lady; she was an entitled princess. A brute force seemed to take over Eva as she set out to teach her student a harsh lesson. By the time she was done with this girl, there would be no confusion about what an "emergency" truly was.

"Heather, I think you have just volunteered to participate in some research next week. I expect to see you an hour before lecture in my office to prep. And please remember to dress decently."

Heather rolled her eyes. "Whatever. You can't make me."

"I'm afraid I can, Miss Smith. If you decide not to show up and participate, I'll file a complaint about your behaviour today with the University's Academic Disciplinary Committee and recommend expulsion. You will certainly fail my class and likely get kicked out of this school too." Eva could hardly believe the words she was saying. Never before had she threatened a student.

A look of panic covered Heather's face. "Okay okay, I'll participate," she mumbled.

The rest of the lecture seemed to pass by in a fuzzy haze. Eva's mind was on the fierce exchange between her and Heather. She resisted looking at the back row and just caught Heather eying her on the way out. Something told Eva that Heather was not used to being challenged in that way, especially not in public. Well, she just had to learn how to respect fellow classmates and her instructor. Eva doubted that she really cared about her education. She was probably just horrified at having to suffer the embarrassment of getting expelled. Everything in her world revolved around appearance and popularity.

Eva was somehow sexually charged by the whole situation and getting more and more excited about what she would do to her stuck-up teen student. She had some concerns about the ethical and professional implications about what she was doing, but a bigger part of her wanted to put things into perspective for Ms. Perfect Blondie. As always, Eva had to pee quite badly after three hours of drinking and lecturing. She started to make her way to the ladies after the lecture hall had emptied but changed her mind. Instead, she kept walking past the washroom to the coffee stand in the center of the building. It was busy, with a line-up of about fifteen people. No matter, the wait would add to the fun. She shifted her weight slightly from foot to foot as she waited, enjoying the protests from her bladder. If there was any sort of traffic on the drive home, she would probably start to leak in her navy blue dress pants. Oh well, that's what towels were for.

Eva thought back with amusement to the promise she had made to herself to never mix pee-play with her career again, after that accident in front of Sarah. The very next semester, she was drinking during lectures again enjoying the bursting sensation as she taught. It really was an addictive fetish. Soon, she had become even bolder, wearing diapers under her skirt while supervising exams. On those rare opportunities, she drank unmanageable volumes prior to leaving home to ensure she had an accident no matter how hard she tried to hold it. She rarely even made it to the halfway point of the allotted exam time in those instances. She loved being naughty. There was nothing quite as fun as letting go when a student came to her desk to ask a question. If only they knew that their well-dressed professor seated quietly at her desk was actually peeing her adult diaper while they wrote their exams!

Ten minutes later, she finally had an extra-large black coffee in hand. Now to enjoy a nice slow drive home while trying not to wet herself. She took a long gulp as she started walking. She probably did three times as much laundry as any other instructor at the University of Ohio. One-quarter of her coffee was already consumed by the time she exited the building. As she walked across the parking lot, a Dodge truck pulled up beside her. It was Dr. Jerry Scholes, a fellow Psychology professor she had been doing research with for the past three years.

He was in a chatty mood, going on at lengths about the progress he had made with the rats he kept at home. Apparently, they had started to distinguish between regular sugar and artificial sweetener after months of exposure to the substances in various foods. Eva knew he was attracted to her- he constantly tried to impress her and keep conversations going as long as possible. Eva kept things as professional as she could to ensure he never got the wrong idea. She never committed to meetings outside the University and kept coffees and lunches to under thirty minutes length. He was about ten years older than her, divorced for the past five. She felt no attraction to him, what-so-ever.

Despite that, she would normally have been very interested in the progress of their research together, but with her mind on her bladder and sexual matters, she was really in no mood to listen to him. She squirmed helplessly in place, trying to fight the natural urge to grab her crotch. She kept drinking her coffee, not wanting it to get cold and knowing her pee fun would resume in short order. How long could he possibly sit there talking to her in the parking lot with his truck running? As if on cue, he shut off the engine and kept talking.

Fifteen minutes later, Jerry was still happily yapping away in excitement about what the developments could mean and how they could expand the experiment with other animals and foods. He had somehow missed poor Eva's body language and social cues. He had no idea how badly the lady in front of him needed to pee or her disinterest in standing next to his vehicle. Her constant dancing and short responses had somehow not been interpreted successfully by him. Her coffee cup was now empty and the new liquid was now being added to her already-strained bladder.

Eva's bladder pulsed hard and she could take no more. She grabbed her crotch to prevent a imminent squirt into her panties. Jerry stopped talking and stared at her curiously. She took the opportunity to hastily excuse herself. "Sorry, Jerry- I have to get going! Girl problems!"

She stepped away from the window and hurried around the back of the vehicle. She let go of her crotch, knowing Jerry would be watching from his rear view mirror, and made her way to her car. She felt herself squirt and grabbed herself again. Thankfully, the truck had started to pull away so he probably wasn't eying her like a perv anymore, but who knew? The rest of the parking lot was pretty empty but Eva had parked at the very back, so it was lengthy walk. She wondered if the brief leak showed on her butt- she could feel the warm wetness on her panties.

Eva finally reached her car and struggled to maintain control as she pressed the button to open the trunk. She grabbed a towel to throw on the seat so she could pee herself in some form of privacy, but it was too late. A second squirt escaped her and there was no stopping this one. In defeat, she squatted down behind her car and drenched her pants. Luckily for her, there were cars parked all around her so she was shielded well from view, as long as someone parked nearby didn't show up.

The pee flowing from the back of her pants quickly formed a massive puddle reaching several cars around her. Undoubtedly, other drivers would notice the pee, but God-willing she would be long gone by then. Suddenly, the sounds of approaching voices and footsteps hit her ears. She recognized one of the voices- Heather! And she was accompanied by her evil clique! The splattering of Eva's pee on the asphalt would surely be heard and her puddle seen on the dry sunny day- she had to move NOW!

Still peeing, Eva opened her car door, threw the towel on the seat, and climbed in as Heather walked up to the white Cadillac truck parked behind her BMW. In her mirror, Eva saw her gaze curiously at the large puddle and the stream clearly leading to the driver's door of the car in front of her. Eva started her car and quickly drove away, hoping she had not been recognized. Her bladder finished emptying as she exited the parking lot. She rubbed herself through her wet pants all the way home.

Chapter 6

Eva walked down the Chicago River pathway admiring the colorful lights providing a pretty contrast to the night sky. There was no moon out tonight, which at least darkened things a little in Eva's favor. She was surprised by her own boldness. It was Saturday night, exactly a week after her bedwetting, and she was out walking alone in a tight black skirt with a bursting bladder.

She thought back to her meeting with her instructor, James. He had almost seemed nervous when she had started discussing his paper, but had quickly became very intrigued once he realized she was reacting positively. For the first time, Eva felt that he was interested in her. She had felt tempted to disclose everything to him- her panty-wetting and masturbation, the dream, her bed-wetting. She had stopped herself- it was too personal and she just couldn't say it... yet. She waited for him to decide where all this would go next.

He had looked deep into her eyes as she spoke about human arrogance and assumption of control, but then had he too had seemed to catch himself before responding. He thanked her for her feedback and urged her to keep in touch, essentially dismissing her. Eva had turned to leave the office, disappointed, but decided to push for a relationship herself.

"I'd like to do some research with you, if you ever need a volunteer." She stood confidently with one hand on her hip, wearing a low cut T-shirt with a push-up bra. She had worn her tightest pair of jeans with heels to emphasize her ass as much as possible.

James chewed his lower lip, fantasizing about the smoking hot exotic brunette squirming desperately and wetting her jeans. She was trouble, no doubt, but what was he to do? She was interested in his work and research was a perfect cover to enjoy his fetish."I have been thinking about doing some practical research..."

They agreed to meet next week, same time and location, to start the experiments. Eva would have to sign a waiver and a confidentiality agreement before they started, but it was all standard procedure.

The next day at lecture, Eva was pleased to get a lot more of his attention. Every minute or so, he glanced at her seated in the front row. She was wearing a plaid red mini-skirt with a black blouse. She was also desperate, squirming slightly in her chair while sipping a large soft drink. By break time, she needed the toilet. She made a point to get up and hurry out of her seat just as James announced the break, but it was more for show than anything. She didn't need to go too badly but had been squirming constantly to garner her instructor's attention.

In the cubicle, she teased herself a little looking at the toilet while squirming in front of it. Her desperation seemed to multiply in mere seconds and she pulled down her panties to obtain some much-needed relief. She rubbed her clitoris as she peed, wetting her fingers. It felt incredible- she wanted to keep rubbing even after her bladder emptied. It seemed selfish though- the break was only ten minutes long and she could hear girls outside, presumably waiting for her cubicle. She wiped off her fingers and then her vagina before pulling up her underwear and opening the cubicle door. Her classmate waiting outside gave her a look of disapproval as she walked past her to the vanity.

"She probably thinks I'm a slut," Eva thought to herself as she rinsed her hands. Oh well, it was nothing new. She had no friends in the class anyway. She could seduce James however she pleased, without anyone of significance to her knowing a thing about it.

Even though Eva was not squirming anymore, James still looked at her often enough. She was pleased- there was no doubt that he was attracted to her. It was a matter of time before she would make love to him for real, not just in her recurring fantasies. She considered approaching him with a question after class, but decided she would see him the following week anyway. She could feel him eying her as she walked out of the classroom.

Eva continued on her casual stroll, trying not to show signs of desperation on the busy pathway. There were mostly couples walking; it was certainly a romantic enough setting for a cool but pleasant Saturday night. Eva had been drinking with her floor-mates in the common room since about 8. A few of the girls had been making plans to head over to the boys floor downstairs and seeing what was up. Eva's desire for random one night stands had decreased since that first meeting with James. She wanted him- badly. The sex last night had unsatisfying, almost tame. It was the first guy she had been for three weeks and she had mostly done it out of horniness and getting her floor-mates off her case; she didn't even remember the fellow's name. Her thoughts had been on James- what he had said about control, his interests in the human bladder, his feelings about her, their meeting in two and a half days.

Today, she had set out to do something different. She drank four beers with the gals relatively quickly before excusing herself from the common area. She had gone to her room to grab a light jacket and headed outside to catch the first bus to the Chicago River region. She had not visited the washroom all night. She had no idea what she would do at that magical point where she couldn't hold her pee in anymore. It was part of the excitement. The pathway was brightly lit everywhere; an accident would be quickly noticed. There didn't appear to be any washrooms on the pathway, but there were some darkened areas with trees. They could provide some privacy, though passer-bys could probably see and hear her peeing if they were paying attention.

A bubbling excitement built up inside her as she grew more desperate. It was getting cooler and noticeably harder to walk with her bladder filling rapidly. She doubted she could hold on for another ten minutes. Soon, she would helplessly wet her skirt where ever she happened to be walking, in front of whomever was in view. Her womanhood tingled at the thought. She nervously glanced over her shoulder and noticed the middle-aged man and wife tailing her had ended their walk. That was one benefit of the colder temperature- the walk became less crowded.

Eva passed a dark area just off the walkway. Up ahead, she could see nothing but flat, well-lit area. She had half a mind to stop and head into the trees to wet herself in semi-privacy while the option was there, but kept her promise to herself and kept walking. Just the consideration of relief almost made her start peeing into her pink Victoria's Secret panties, but she grabbed her pussy to prevent the squirt. A young couple with a stroller smiled at her in amusement as they walked by. Eva let go, embarrassed. This was a bad idea. She had to pee so badly and nowhere to go. She was going to piss all over herself at any moment.

The night was growing colder in a hurry now. Eva hugged herself and shivered, involuntarily spurting into her panties. Once again, she grabbed her crotch in a panic. Luckily, no one was around to witness the shameful act this time. She could see a dark outline of several trees up ahead, maybe a hundred yards away. Could she somehow get there before she lost control?

Despite her best efforts, she squirted again. She stopped walking and twisted her muscular legs around her fingers, which were forcefully pushing up on her pee-hole. She felt her hot pee drip through her fingers and down to the ground below. A couple of drunk women walked by, openly laughing at her. What an odd sight she must be- a fully grown woman wetting herself on the Chicago River pathway! Out of the corner of her eye, Eva saw them stop and observe her from behind to verify if she had wet her skirt yet. She ignored them and bravely dragged herself onwards. Her sights were doggedly set on the trees in the distance. It was almost an oasis of sorts.

Suddenly, it started to rain. A few droplets at first, but rapidly turning into a heavy downpour. It was too much. With her young body getting soaked by the rain, Eva's bladder gave in. She started to pee a torrent down to her feet, her legs getting engulfed in a glistening wetness. Her accident somehow went unnoticed by several people running by in different directions, trying to escape the surprise rainfall as quickly as possible. No one looked carefully enough to notice that the liquid splashing down at the attractive Latino lady's feet was flowing from her bladder and not the heavens above.

Uncontrollably excited after her accident, Eva joined the people around her in jogging down the pathway to escape the cold, rainy weather. She laughed openly as she ran, thrilled at what she had just done. She would touch herself to her most intense orgasm of her life when she got home to her cozy bed.

Chapter 7

Heather strode into Eva's office, without knocking, ten minutes late and plopped down in the empty chair. Eva looked up from her work to note that she had ignored the instruction to dress decently- she was wearing a leather skirt which didn't quite reach her knees and a baby blue tank top which showed off her belly button ring and nipples. She was sipping from a large coffee cup as she looked expectedly at her professor without uttering a greeting of any sort.

Eva had meant to tell her to go pee before starting, but Heather's obnoxious attitude made her angry all over again. She instructed her student to read over and sign the forms on the desk. Heather coolly scribbled her name on both of them without reading a word. As Eva took the forms and filed them away carefully, Heather gulped down the remainder of her coffee and casually played with the cup.

Eva reached into her trusty mini-fridge and placed two chilled water bottles on the table. Heather looked at the bottles and finally spoke up. "What the hell is this?"

Eva glared at the rude, arrogant bitch seated cross-legged in front of her wanting to swear back, but composed herself before responding. "As it said in the contract you just signed, you are to drink one litre of water before starting the experiment."

"Whatever." Heather grabbed the first bottle and unscrewed it, taking a massive gulp as if it was nothing. Her pace slowed down quickly though- she was sipping slowly by the time she reached the last quarter of the bottle. Eva suspected she was already feeling bloated from the coffee and water. It was going to be almost impossible for her to hold in all that liquid for two more hours, when she would finally be freed to run to a toilet. Eva's pussy tingled underneath her diaper. Since her morning pee, she had already drunk an equivalent volume of liquid as she had given to her student. There was no doubt she would wet herself before the break. Heather might have a chance to make it since it would take some time for the liquid to flow down to her bladder. Still, the class was going to get an incredible show no matter what.

Out of the corner of her eye, Eva analyzed the bitter teenager absently drinking while fiddling away on her iPhone. She had a comparatively lighter frame than herself, but nice curves nonetheless. She probably had an average sized bladder so all this liquid would be too much to hold. It really was a question of how long before the water reached her bladder and filled it beyond capacity.

Heather finally finished the bottle and spoke again. "Look, I really don't feel like drinking the other bottle. Can we just agree one is good enough? It probably won't matter for... whatever we're gonna do."

Eva nearly chuckled out loud. Heather had no idea just how much it was going to matter. "You can quit anytime you like. Just know that your refusal to not follow my instructions will result in consequences. I have already forgiven your tardiness and choice of attire, but everything from here on has to be by the book. You have fifteen minutes to consume the other bottle. Do you understand?"

Heather nodded and began sipping the second bottle. Eva looked back down at her work, but her thoughts drifted to her own bladder. She felt a slight need to pee but nothing urgent. It would change soon enough. She could feel an ocean of water, coffee, and orange juice in her tummy. She had been drinking steadily since she woke up to when she arrived at her office. She glanced down at her midsection- her tummy bulge didn't show through the loose ocean-blue summer dress. It would hide her bladder bulge later on as well- she knew from experience.

She felt quite excited as she snuck a peek at her student sipping away. She had never worn a diaper to a regular lecture before, though she had been tempted many times. This was simply too good an opportunity to pass up, despite the risk. At least she had taken her precautions today. She was wearing an extra thick diaper- the type she regularly emptied a full bladder into twice during the same night without leaking into her bed. She was also wearing her favorite pair of plastic panties, with a cute puppy in diapers on the front. She was quite confident that nothing would leak down her dress. In an absolute worst-case scenario, she could play her loss of continence off as a demonstration of her own performance being affected by a filling bladder. It was a believable scenario given the nature of the upcoming lecture. That said, it would still be a very embarrassing wetting accident in front of the class. She couldn't help feeling a slight guilt about what she was doing to Heather.

Heather had only a few sips to go. Eva decided to go over what the experiment was all about, knowing her "volunteer" had not bothered reading the details carefully worded in the contract. It was going to amusing to see her reaction about all of this.

Eva packed up her work and turned towards Heather, hands folded professionally. "I'm going to go over the experiment verbally, just so there's no ambiguity about the conditions you have agreed to, in writing."

Heather rolled her eyes- her instructor knew perfectly well she hadn't read jack shit before signing. Eva ignored the impatient gesture and continued. "You will be asked to answer a variety of skill-testing questions in the first half of class today, until exactly 11:30. You are not permitted to leave the class room until that time. In addition to our agreement not to report you to the University's Academic Disciplinary Committee, you will receive an extra credit of 5% for your participation in this study."

Eva almost grinned as she spoke the last sentence. It had been a brilliant idea she had come up with a few days ago. She had been worried about going through with this plan over the fear of being accused of blackmail. The agreement Heather had signed didn't say anything about avoiding punishment for her past actions, just that she was getting a 5% credit for agreeing to help in the research.

Heather's face turned into a look of pure shock as she realized the implications of what she had agreed to. "Why did you make me drink all that water for?"

Eva stuck to her professional demeanor. "As stated in the contract, we will be researching the impact of a filling bladder on performance with routine mental tasks."

Heather winced, terrified at what was going to happen to her. "May I please visit the washroom before I go to class?" It was amazing how much politer she got when she was screwed. Eva wasn't falling for it.

Once again, she phrased her response carefully. "As clearly stated in the contract you signed, there will be no opportunity for relief once you have signed. I want to remind you that you are under no obligation to participate in this study- it is completely voluntary. You may quit at any time you like."

Heather tilted her head to one side, thinking. "But then you're going to report me to the Committee?"

Eva nodded her head. "Correct. This is a favor you are doing for me, as a volunteer in my study, in lieu of punishment for your actions last class."

"Let's do it." Heather took her final gulp and set her jaw decidedly. Eva could tell she had no idea just how hard things were going to get.

Eva got up with lecture materials, including two water bottles, in hand. She stood in place for a moment, enjoying the warm, snug comfort of her diaper. It was going to be incredible fun to soak it today. Maybe she would outlast Heather even with the significantly longer waiting time. After all, she had way more experience with pee-play. That was an exciting little challenge for herself- she would definitely try her best to win. She could almost visualize Heather soaking her skirt helplessly. She felt so horny- her diaper was already moist with her feminine wetness. She wished she could reach inside and stroke herself for a moment. Heather got up and the two ladies made their way to the lecture hall with class starting in five minutes. Eva couldn't help thinking back to twenty years ago, when she had volunteered for James.

Chapter 8

Eva wore the same jeans to the "research day" with James as she had the previous week. She had caught him admiring her curves and knew he had fantasized about her wetting the skin-tight jeans. Well, he would not have to imagine the scene anymore. An added benefit of the tight attire was that it made it that much harder to hold it. The tight waist didn't give her bladder room to expand at all.

She had come fully prepared for the event, with a clean mini-skirt and t-shirt crammed into her purse. She had no idea just how wet things would get today, but she sure hoped he would pee too. On her, if she was lucky. Eva had even brought condoms. She was planning to have sex with James that day- she had waited long enough. Her bladder was already filling rapidly as a result of the lemonade she had been drinking all morning. She wanted to wet herself quickly then screw her instructor's brains out in a deserted classroom or in his office.

The dirty thoughts had been too powerful to ignore. Eva rushed to the ladies room in the office building (yes, one existed!) and had yanked down her jeans and panties to finger herself to a quick orgasm before heading upstairs to James' office. The temptation to pee had been almost overwhelming with the toilet just inches away but she had somehow yanked her garments right back up and ignored the screams from her bladder.

The sad part of the ordeal was that class with James was almost over. The semester was coming to end and one lecture remained before the final exam two weeks later. In a way, Eva viewed it as a blessing. James seemed insistent on sticking to a professional, "by the book" approach with his career. Maybe escaping the whole student-teacher relationship would free him up to be closer to her. That said, she really needed something from him today. She had to somehow ensure they would continue to see each other after the class ended. One of them had to make a move quickly. Eva had never been shy about making the first move and she hoped a hot jeans wetting would do the trick.

Eva stopped at the water fountain to add to her 1L bottle filled with lemonade. The clear water bottle revealed the liquid inside and she wanted to make sure it was quite full when she presented herself to her love interest. As an added bonus, the watered-down lemonade was a light yellow colour, symbolic of what it would turn into while inside Eva's sexy, youthful body. She finally arrived at James' door, surprisingly closed. She knocked and waited.

He opened the door and closed it behind him, a bit of a challenge with a large cardboard box in his hands. "Come." He instructed abruptly to his student, before marching down the hall. Eva, a bit annoyed that he had not even glanced at her sexy pose and outfit, followed him to an empty classroom. He set his box down on a desk and quickly locked the door.

"Hi Eva, sorry about that- just didn't want people to get too... curious." Eva nodded in understanding. This was definitely a good sign! She innocently raised her water bottle to her lips and took a long sip.

"Well! You seem to have plenty of your own... drink." James chuckled as he pulled out some forms for Eva to sign. "It'll save a few of my water bottles."

Eva chuckled back as she bent over to sign, making sure her instructor got a clear look down her loose, sleeveless top. There was absolutely no misunderstanding about where this experiment was headed. She wondered if he would be at all surprised if she soaked herself about thirty minutes into the study. It was certainly possible- her desperation was increasing alarmingly quickly.

She shifted in place as James gathered the signed forms and began explaining the exercise. He was going to play a cassette of a woman reading a story and Eva would write down the nouns. There would be a three minute break after each five minute story segment to prevent fatigue. Before restarting the exercise, Eva would be asked to drink 100 milliliters of fluid, about three sips, and evaluate her need for the toilet on a scale of one to twenty. One signified no perceived ability to urinate and twenty meant involuntary loss of urine. Essentially, she could only select twenty if she had already wet her pants. The research would determine how much her academic performance was affected by the added burden of a filling bladder. James would be seated directly behind her to operate the cassette player, record his own observations, and provide her with water, paper, or pens.

Eva stated that she understood and was ready to start. She seated herself at the table with the pen and paper and took three sips from her bottle, before evaluating the fullness of her bladder. She had to go, but not to the point of significant discomfort.. yet. She scribbled a "9" in the first box of the grid on her desk, then raised her hand to let James know she was ready to start. She heard the button of the player click behind her and the story-telling started.

Five minutes seemed much longer when severe concentration was required. She could see why James had chosen an exercise of this nature to test with a filling bladder. She had to listen carefully to the cassette, identify the nouns, and write them down. It was not an easy task, even without a full bladder. Undoubtedly, it would become tougher and tougher as time passed.

The player finally clicked and stopped playing. Eva tore off the first sheet from the notepad and turned around to hand it to James who accepted it with a smile and a "Thank you." She felt a strong desire to kiss him right there, but turned around and played with her pen through the break. She could sense that he was taking this experiment seriously- it wasn't all fun and games. That kiss would be so much hotter in pissed jeans anyways- she would wait for the right moment. The break also gave her a chance to think about her bladder. She had definitely grown more desperate over the past five minutes. She squeezed her thighs together and shifted in her seat. She hoped James was watching- it excited her to be getting increasingly desperate in front of him.

James clapped once and Eva opened her bottle to take three sips. The 1L container was about half full. She doubted she could finish it before wetting herself. She paused to evaluate her bladder again before putting down an "11" on the grid. By the end of the next session, she had her legs crossed under her desk. She felt like she was missing some of the nouns with distress signals coming from her bladder. In normal circumstances, she would definitely be looking for a washroom right now.

She tore off the second page and turned to hand it to James. Just the simple motion added strain to her lower region. James smiled again. "Feeling okay, Eva?" he asked.

Eva smiled back, biting her lip seductively. "I'm fine- just need to pee pretty bad!" She wanted to get a reaction out of him.

"Already? We just started!" James exclaimed in mild surprise.

"I've been drinking lemonade all morning." She squirmed in her seat again.

"Really? How come?"

Eva shrugged. "I find your line of research interesting- I wanted to be good and bursting when I got here today." She turned back to her desk with a smirk, knowing she was driving him wild.

A minute later, he clapped and she drank again. Her legs quivered from desperation and sexual excitement as she jotted a "12" on the grid.

She missed entire sentences of the next segment, as her bladder bulged and pushed against tight jeans. It was getting painful to hold it. As the cassette player clicked behind her, she put down her pen and unbuttoned her jeans with a loud sigh. She immediately felt her tummy expand into its new found freedom and her desperation seemed to decrease a notch. She undid the zipper halfway making sure her red silk panties showed. She ripped off the third page, which was only about seventy percent as full as the first two, and stood up to hand it to James.

"Ooh James, I gotta go so bad. See how full I am?" She lifted her top a few inches to reveal her bulge; she could have passed for a pregnant woman. James' eyes widened at the sight of her half opened jeans. He opened his mouth but couldn't speak.

Eva smiled at his reaction then turned away again. "Well, I better zip up again or there will be inconsistency in my bladder scale." She jiggled her ass as she struggled to button up again. "Oh...it's getting really hard to hold it...almost lost it there...ahh!"

She heard James shift in his chair as she sat down. She wondered if he was trying to manage an erection. There went her dirty mind again, imagining her instructor's manhood. She reached down to push on her vagina while waiting for his clap. She would soon pee herself in her seat.

Chapter 9

Heather looked at the classroom configuration in a mixture of shock and fear. Upon entering the classroom, Eva had immediately pointed her to a lone chair in the front corner of the classroom. Heather had not expected to be "experimented" on in such clear visibility. She was going to end up as the talk of the university- the shameful center of gossip around campus, Facebook, Instagram, the school newspaper, you name it.

Of course, she could give up and get kicked out. That was really no salvation- coming back home in shame would suck. Daddy's donations and lobbying to get her into this school would all go to waste after just one semester! Her mother and father both had degrees from top universities. Even her older brother, who had been a screw-up most of his life, had just gotten into law school. She was such a fuck-up. Why couldn't she do anything right? She began sobbing quietly in her seat. She couldn't bear to lift her head to look up at the growing crowd in the lecture hall. She could feel all the eyes on her.

Eva clapped her hands together and waited for the excited chatter to die down. "Today we have a very special lecture planned with a live demonstration which Ms. Smith here graciously volunteered to help with last week. I will need another volunteer please. He or she will get a 5% bonus credit towards their final grade like Ms. Smith."

A nerdy Asian girl named Iris in the front row quickly popped her hand up and Eva gestured her to occupy the chair on the other corner of the classroom.

"Now, this study is confidential and you all are in a privileged position to witness it here today. However, there a few ground rules you all must agree to before I reveal anything more. First, you must turn OFF all your electronic devices, including laptops and cell-phones and put them at the sides of the classroom, just like in an exam situation. Anyone caught using an electronic device during this research project will fail my class and be reported to the University's Academic Disciplinary Committee."

Eva paused to look around the classroom to emphasize her point. "Second, you will all sign a Non-Disclosure Agreement. You all are not permitted to speak, write, or, in any way, communicate of what will happen here for the next ninety minutes. Once again, violation of this will result in harsh discipline."

Eva glanced over at Heather. She seemed relieved by the rules, as she should have been. She might be saved from campus-wide embarrassment yet! "Finally, the doors to the classroom will be locked until the experiment ends or one of our volunteers decides not to continue. You all are expected to remain in your seats in silence as this study requires deep levels of concentration and thought. If you agree to all of this, please put your electronics away and accept a Non-Disclosure Agreement from me. If not, please leave now and return at 11:45 for the second half of lecture."

As Heather had expected, everyone decided to stay. Eva handed a tablet computer to Iris and Heather as the class scrambled to sign the NDA's at Eva's desk. She counted the signed forms and the students in the class and put the forms away, satisfied. As an afterthought, she handed an unsigned form to Iris as well- Heather had already signed one at her office.

Eva clapped her hands and spoke again. Heather's face burned red in anticipation of what was coming next. "Today we will be looking at the effects of a filling bladder on mental ability. Heather has had a lot to drink, over one litre, prior to coming to class. As time passes, you will observe her getting increasingly uncomfortable as her bladder fills up. Heather and Iris will both be answering questions of various sorts- math, english, science- on their tablets. To make things a bit more interesting for all of you, I will turn on the projector so you can answer the questions too if you wish- in silence, of course. Every ten minutes, they will be granted a five minute break during which time the answers will be revealed to you. Everyone must also remain quiet during the break."

The class scrambled to pull out their paper and pens, excited about the study now. All the boys and several of the girls in the class were eager to see what would happen to their hot blonde classmate. Would she eventually piss herself? That would be so amazing to watch!

Eva finally wrapped up her monologue. "The first segment will be assumed to not have any effect from the filling bladder so it will be used as a test to adjust for any discrepancy in intelligence between the volunteers. This will enable us isolate the impact of Heather's bladder on her performance. There will be some repeated questions in each segment to ensure that the exercise is being taken seriously. If there is too little consistency between answers and performance, the volunteer will lose her 5% credit. Thank you both for volunteering. Please start now."

It was exactly 10:05, perfect timing to end at 11:30. Eva turned on the projector and started the exercise on the computer. A new question popped up every ten seconds, so the girls had to focus and think quickly. Eva noticed that nearly half the class was ignoring the questions and just focussing on Heather, looking for any sign of pee desperation.

Eva took a moment to analyze her own bladder. It would be a pretty good indicator of how Heather would be feeling. She could feel a slight need to pee already, but unnoticeable unless she diverted her attention to it. No matter, things would change with time. It was so exciting! Here she was, filling up in front of the class just like Heather and no one had the slightest clue!

The first ten minutes went by quite slowly. Several of the students who had decided not to try the questions had already diverted their attention to tasks from other classes or doodling in their binders. Some were quietly passing notes to each other. Eva didn't mind- they weren't disrupting the study. She figured that eventually a lot of the students trying multiple-choice questions would give up on the exercise also. The questions were honestly boring and straight-forward, not meant to test intelligence. They were research-standard concentration testing questions for average adults. Even so, there was often significant divergence from the performance of one volunteer to the next, so the adjustment for intelligence was necessary.

The five-minute break started and the solutions were displayed on the screen in front of the class. Eva had set-up the classroom so that it was impossible to see the screen from the corners, where her volunteers were seated. She absent-mindedly scanned the audience to make sure no one was communicating with the girls up front.

The second of six segments started and Eva's mind drifted to what James might have thought of the experiment. Maybe he would be proud of her or maybe he would consider it to be unprofessional- who knew? It sometimes disturbed her that he still came into her thoughts as often as he did, all these years later. It was understandable though- pee was a major part of her life and he had started all the fun for her. She suspected that her interest in pee had always been there, but she had just needed someone to divert her attention to the "control" aspect of it.

Even with her promiscuous, party, don't-give-a-fuck behaviour, she had always been in control. She had excelled academically, being naturally gifted. No matter what, she was going to have a nice job and a comfortable life thanks to the sacrifices her mother had made for her... and, as much as she hated to admit it, the money her father had left her. It's just that James had somehow brought out the best in her. He had put her entire life into perspective that day when she had wandered into his office, lost.

The pee fetish was a symbol for her whole life. Losing control into a diaper or panties was really no different from refusing to accept things you couldn't change in your life and managing them as best you could. An accident was, in reality, a consequence. A harsh consequence for not taking care of something when it should have been taken care of, not having the presence of mind to take precautionary measures, a lesson to improve future behaviour. She wondered if Heather would see it that way once all this was done. No, she would probably hate Eva for eternity.

Her bladder snapped her thoughts back to reality. It had filled up surprisingly quickly and she felt like she could use a pee break. She looked up at the screen to note the second segment had just ended. Heather had her legs crossed, undoubtedly starting to feel the natural urge to void excess waters. Her head was still lowered; she was too ashamed to make eye contact with the audience.

Eva put up the answers to segment two and waited. Not many students were checking answers. Some were still working away on other things, but most eyes were on Heather. She had started to play with the hem of her leather skirt as she sat with her legs crossed tightly beneath it. Eva wondered just how much pressure she could exert against her pussy in that position- that skirt was quite tight. Crossing her legs probably didn't help too much.

By the end of the third segment, Heather was squirming in her seat. It was a slight shifting at first, but becoming more and more noticeable despite her best efforts to be discreet. She looked at the time on the tablet- 10:46. She had to last another forty-five minutes- she just had to! Her dilemma was surely going to get a whole lot worse. This was just the halfway point and all that water was constantly flowing into her bladder, filling it, stretching it. There was no way to stop the endless flow- she simply had to contain the flood inside her body.

Eva's own desperation was growing significantly. She had remained behind the instructor's desk after the second segment to at least shield her legs from view. She was squirming on the spot, twisting her legs, turning her hips. If the class had been paying attention to her as they did on all the other lectures, her desperation would have been obvious. Luckily, today they were all watching Heather. Eva was growing much too excited at watching her student squirm and feeling her own desperation mounting. She reached into her bag to pull a water bottle, twisted it open, and took a gulp. She lightly ran her hand over her hard belly as the fourth segment began.

By the end of the fourth segment, Heather knew she was in trouble. Everyone else knew it too. Her toned legs were scissoring together as she worked through the questions in a cold panic. She was messing up a lot of them but she hardly cared. Her desire, no... her need to pee dominated her thoughts. How she wished should just be allowed to run to the ladies and release a bit of her pee for semi-relief. It was impossible to concentrate on the dumb task anymore- she feared that she would leak into her panties if she let her attention slip away from her tortured bladder for just a moment. She desperately wanted to hold herself, but kept her hands away from her crotch with sheer will. Everyone was watching- they knew she was about to wet herself. She clutched her skirt with both hands and groaned. Maybe getting kicked out of school was a better alternative to wetting herself in front of her classmates, her friends, her fucked-up evil teacher.

The cold water Eva had drank fifteen minutes ago seemed to flow straight to her bladder. She purposely dropped a pen to the floor after putting up the segment four answers and knelt down behind the desk to clutch herself through her diaper. She needed to pee SO badly. Each passing moment urged her body to surrender the battle and soak her diaper, but she somehow held on and waited for that first inadvertent squirt. She doubted she could outlast Heather. She was just too close to losing control- even lasting one more segment would be a minor miracle. As Eva stood up, she noticed Iris eying her. She had completely forgotten that she could be seen behind the desk from the corners! Heather was too occupied with her own problem to worry about her instructor, but Iris had probably seen all her squirming during the past breaks! Eva quickly looked away from her student and straightened out her dress as she stood up, trying to maintain proper posture.

Tears ran down Heather's face as she struggled through the fifth segment. She was constantly moving now and in severe pain. It was impossible to even read the questions properly- she was just hoping for repeats she had answered before and making educated guesses on the rest. She didn't care one bit about the 5% credit or the success of the study; she just wanted to hold on until the end of class so she didn't get kicked out of school... or wet herself in front of forty people. She felt her pee push to the very edge of her pee-hole. She finally pressed against her vagina to just barely prevent the squirt. It was impossible to exert enough pressure through the skirt to hold it for another twenty minutes. She had to try something else, no matter how embarrassing. Anything was better than wetting her panties like a four-year-old.

Ignoring the muffled laughs from the audience, she hiked her skirt all the way up between questions and shamelessly shoved her hand into the gusset of her frilly white and pink panties. She continued to answer questions with her free hand, with the tablet resting on her quivering legs. She couldn't risk being accused of giving up on the study. She wanted to quit so badly, but knew she couldn't. She had gone through way too much pain, suffering, and humiliation to give up now.

As she answered the final question of the segment, Heather got up from the chair and set her tablet down on it. Ignoring the giggles from the crowd once again, she shoved her right hand into her crotch to double the pressure on her pussy and danced violently on the spot. She was so close to wetting herself. Fifteen more minutes- was it possible for her to hang on?

Chapter 10

Eva struggled to concentrate on the story playing on the cassette player behind her. She had just recorded a desperation level of "14" on the grid in front of her. With the experiment requiring her to take regular sips of liquid, her urgency for the toilet was growing much more quickly. Her performance in the exercise was really suffering, but it was only partly because of her filling bladder. The other half of her brain was thinking about sex. How she was going to fuck James today and how great it would feel. For the first time in a long time, Eva wanted a man for more than just sex. She wanted James to be her boyfriend. It felt so odd for her to think like that.

The segment finally ended and Eva rose from her seat again, still clutching her pussy with her left hand. She tore off the fourth page with her right hand and handed it to James, dancing desperately in front of him. He had his eyes locked on her as he accepted the page from her. She snuck a peek down at his lap and confirmed a massive erection poking a tent in his black dress pants. Eva smiled to herself as she turned around slowly, still squirming. She shook her ass seductively for a few moments before sitting back down.

A couple minutes later, Eva drank again upon James' clap. Her bottle was nearly empty now- there was only enough liquid left for one last drink. She messily scribbled down a "16" on her grid. Her handwriting was deteriorating as her bladder filled rapidly to its capacity. It wouldn't be long now before she involuntarily wet herself. Ten minutes, maybe- fifteen tops. She would finally show James what he had probably wanted to see the first time they had talked in his office. Maybe he had been attracted to her all along, but just hadn't shown it. What if she had happened to become desperate during a lecture in one of the earlier classes? Would that have attracted him? Had there been other desperate girls in his lectures who had caught his interest?

No matter- he was hers now. She was here, no one else. She was the girl who was going to piss her jeans in front of him, strip out of her wet clothes right there in the classroom, then suck his mammoth cock until he shot his load into her mouth. She would fulfill all his wet fantasies and he would never desire anyone else. Their beautiful relationship would definitely start today. It was only a matter of time before her bladder burst and she soaked her jeans from crotch to ankles. Her pussy moistened at the thought.

Predictably, the fifth segment ended with Eva writing down even fewer nouns than the four preceding. She was constantly shifting in her seat now, at the point where her bladder pulsed violently inside her, urging her to just let go. Stubbornly she held on. She got up to hand over the latest paper and stood with both hands in her crotch, legs crossed. Looking down at James seated at the desk, she got an idea. She took a couple of steps right up to his table and pushed her body up against the furniture. She moved her hands away from her crotch and leaned so her vagina rested directly on the corner of his desk. She gasped at the pleasurable relief of the hard surface pressing on her womanhood.

James stared uncontrollably at the very visible camel-toe, just inches away from him, highlighted by the corner of the wooden desk. Eva looked at James' sweating face and eager eyes and had a thought to just release her pee right there. The hot wetness would flow through her jeans down the desk and all over his lap and cock. Somehow, she fought off the severe temptation and whispered that her drink was nearly finished. She was going to finish this experiment to the best of her ability.

James reached into the cardboard box at his feet and handed Eva a bottle with shaking hands. She accepted it and grabbed her crotch again as she moved away from the desk. Once again, she moved slowly, giving her man a chance to admire her ass. James clapped a minute after she sat down. Sitting made her want to pee that much more. Her entire body shook as she struggled to contain her urine. She finished off her lemonade and scribbled down a barely legible "17" on the grid.

Waves of intense desperation racked through Eva's twenty-year-old body as she helplessly bounced up and down in her seat. A cold sweat covered her as she fought off spasm after spasm. Her pee nearly escaped the confines of her pussy several times as she tried to just survive to the end of the segment. The exercise was almost impossible to do now- she missed well over half the words. With one minute to go, she could no longer sit in her chair. She hunched over desk, mooning her instructor with her hand in her crotch. She shifted violently, giving her absolute best effort to keep her jeans dry for just a little while longer.

The segment finally ended and Eva scribbled down one last word before dropping her pen to add her right hand to her crotch. She was on the verge of leaking. Any second now, she would piss her jeans. She remembered that she had to give the paper to James. Flinching, she tore one hand off her crotch and ripped off the top page to slam onto the desk behind her. She didn't care about putting on a show for him anymore; her need for relief was too dominating. She hopped and squirmed around the classroom before James finally warned her that break was almost up. She hobbled back to her desk and realized that would have to use both hands to undo the cap of the new water bottle.

She cautiously departed her hands from her vagina and unscrewed the bottle, just barely getting her left hand back in position to prevent an imminent squirt. She lifted the bottle to her lips with her right hand and took three quick sips. She grabbed her pen to scribble "19" on her grid, then crossed it off and wrote a giant "20" as she lost control.

James looked on in amazement as the hunched-over, jeans-clad butt in front of him darkened and the growing wetness quickly spread down Eva's legs to the floor. She straightened up with a huge sigh of relief and continued peeing in place for a few more seconds before turning around and exposing her front to James. She looked down at the huge lake of her long-held pee flowing out to the sides of the classroom. She finally stopped wetting herself and looked expectedly at her instructor hoping for any kind of move from him, but he simply looked on at her wet jeans in silent shock.

Eva decided to approach him. As she bent over to kiss him, she saw that he had his hand on the tent in his pants. She closed her eyes as her lips touched his and prepared her tongue to enter his mouth, but he quickly broke off the kiss and got up from the chair. Eva opened her eyes, upset at his sudden withdrawal.

"I'm sorry, Eva. I can't do this!" James' hand was still covering his groin, but Eva could tell he had cum in his pants. He stumbled towards the door, yelling back at her. "I'll clean up the room later! Just make sure you close the door when you leave- I'm sorry, Eva. Bye!"

Eva burst into quiet tears as he left the room. She looked down at her jeans in disbelief of what she had done for him, to no avail. She seated her wet ass at James' desk and put her head down, sobbing for the next five minutes. Finally, the rational side of her told her that she should change and leave before the wet mess was discovered. She peeled off her soaked jeans, leaving her wet panties in place and hiked on the mini-skirt from her purse. She dried off her legs as much as possible with the t-shirt and put it back in her purse before leaving the room.

James ended up asking his Teaching Assistant to teach the final lecture, rescheduled as a review session for the upcoming exam. He wasn't around to supervise the final exam either. The next semester, he relocated to Florida to continue his PhD there. Eva never saw him again. The second man she had ever truly cared about had left her just like the first had, fifteen years earlier.

Chapter 11

Eva had plopped herself down on the chair behind the computer. She was rocking back and forth in constant motion, like a pendulum. She felt herself leak as she watched Heather struggle. She clamped down hard to halt the flow. She couldn't help but be a bit disappointed- she had started to pee herself before Heather. Then again, Heather may have leaked already. It was impossible to tell with the teen's hands covering her crotch in the middle of a huge pee dance.

Eva squirted again as the five-minute "break" ended. She realized that Heather had an advantage of being able to hold herself while she couldn't, due to the fear of Iris seeing. Iris was looking to her right; Eva was in her direct line of sight to Heather. Or maybe she was looking at her instructor, having figured out that she needed to pee too; it was impossible to tell.

Heather was in no shape to sit down anymore- she simply knelt down next to the chair on her knees with the tablet resting on the chair. Unfortunately, she had to pry one hand off her vagina to answer questions. She spurted as she let go and just barely regained control by pushing her left hand DEEP into her womanhood. Her panties dampened and several drops of her almost colourless urine fell to the floor between her knees. Laughter immediately emerged from her classmates.

With Iris occupied on her questions, Eva took the liberty of kicking off her shoe and sitting on her heel, while still on the chair. She had to hike up her dress a little but still made sure the diaper was hidden from view. The pressure exerted on her pussy through the bulky material was incredible, instantaneously removing a massive load of stress from her poor body. She could feel the heat from the piss in the diaper against her pussy as she creatively pushed against her vagina.

Halfway through the final segment, Heather leaked again- hard. A three second moment of incontinence resulted in a weak stream flowing through her hands and splattering to the floor, wetting her knees this time. Heather cried audibly as she just managed to stop herself from having a complete accident. It hurt SO much to hold it. Her bladder was at complete capacity. Each drop that flowed in needed to be peed out almost immediately. Why had her fucking instructor humiliated her so much? Why had her stupid boyfriend called in the middle of class? Why the fuck had she answered?

Eva shifted uncomfortably in her seat as the sight of Heather losing control briefly made her squirt a third time. Even with her foot pressing on her pussy, her need to pee was intense, immediate. She was going to soak her diaper at any moment. The clock read 11:26. So close to the end of the experiment, yet so far. Heather would understandably run to the toilet the moment she was able to, but what could Eva do? Her only option was to pee in front of her students and hope she could get away long enough to change out of the smelly wet diaper so she wouldn't have to teach in it for the rest of class. It was a dilemma she had committed herself to three hours ago, when she had downed all those drinks and dressed herself in an adult pull-up.

Two long minutes to go. Heather squirmed desperately in place, trying to prevent another squirt. She feared that the next leak would be the final one. Her bladder seemed to be screaming at her from inside her body. Spasm after spasm blasted through her. She could feel her wet panties clinging to her pussy; they sure cooled quickly after each hot squirt. How great it would feel just to let go release all that piss where she knelt. Forget the humiliation, the research, her academic future- just the immediate relief would almost be worth it. Her hips twisted violently as she continued to answer those questions, eagerly anticipating when this inhumane torture would finally end.

One more minute. So close to relief. She had to make it- she just did. The humiliation of having a full-on accident in front of the entire class would be too much to live down. She could already visualize herself dashing through the door on the far side of the room, down the hall, into the washroom, and onto the toilet. Hopefully, she wouldn't encounter anyone on the way. Oh, it would feel like absolute heaven to finally let go- if she could just make it to that darn toilet.

Final question and she was done. It was truly a surreal feeling. Now she just had to make it to the toilet and she would avoid the embarrassment of a major public accident. As she rose to her feet, she knew she was in trouble. Her strained bladder had been denied relief for way too long. She took a three steps before she burst. An unstoppable waterfall shot out of her and she froze in place in front of Eva's desk. Her hands still cupped her wetting pussy, but she no longer bothered to try and stop the accident. It was a useless effort. The flood inside her was too strong, too over-powering, too massive. Hot pee shot through her panties and splattered loudly on the floor, forming a mighty ocean in front of the shocked class. Emptying her bladder took over a minute; her waterfall finally weakened into a stream before ending as a light dribble down her legs. She shivered with relief as her bladder receded back to its normal size.

Directly behind Heather, Eva also lost all control while admiring her student's giant pee accident. Her diaper filled with an all too familiar warmth. She closed her eyes in relief as she let her bladder empty while sitting on her chair. She could almost hear the quiet hissing as she pissed, but knew it was her imagination as Heather's loud splattering easily overpowered any sound her pee-hole may have been producing. Eva was in ultimate bliss. As she finished relieving herself, she almost came on the spot. She had just made her hot teenage student piss herself and then lost control of her own bladder in an adult diaper in front of her class. This had to be the hottest, sexiest, greatest moment of her life.

The class fell into a dead silence Heather looked down in deep humiliation at her exposed wet panties and drenched legs. She quietly removed her hands from her most private region and pulled her skirt down to hide her soiled panties from view. She had no idea what to do next. She had just completely pissed herself in front of everyone. This was the end of her- she could never show her face at university, to her friends, even anywhere in public. Sooner or later, everyone would find out about this. She bowed her head and sobbed quietly.

Eva finally awoke from her dreamy haze and quickly scanned her legs along with the floor below for leaks. She reached back to feel her ass for wetness, but everything was dry. She stood up, called out for a fifteen minute break, then grabbed Heather by the arm to lead her straight to her office. Heather was still in a shocked daze and allowed herself to be dragged the entire way. Eva swiftly locked the door behind them.

"Heather, I'm sorry. Are you okay?" Eva asked with genuine concern on her face. Heather could only sob in reply, unable to look her instructor in the eye. Eva reached over and lifted her face up by the chin before burying her student in a warm, passionate hug. She finally let go after thirty seconds.

"Heather, I want to show you something." Eva looked deep into her eyes before lifting up her blue dress to reveal her wet diaper. Heather's jaw dropped in amazement and she struggled to piece together the implications of everything that had just happened, and was happening before her eyes.

Eva continued staring at her beautiful student and continued speaking. "I have a pee fetish. A long time ago, I was a troubled young girl much like yourself, and a professor helped me by showing me... all of this." She gestured to her diaper and then to Heather's wet panties. Heather's eyes lit up with intrigue and she lifted her skirt once again to observe her peed underwear. Eva's breathing intensified at the sight. She felt a powerful urge to lick the young lady's pussy right through her wet panties. She somehow composed herself and instead knelt down in front of her.

"I'm going to change you into clean panties, ok?" Heather nodded quietly, starting to feel sexually excited herself. Eva grabbed a packet of wet wipes and one of several pairs of clean panties she stored for herself in her office before yanking down her student's wet lingerie. She gingerly wiped Heather's clean-shaven pussy and all the way down her legs before asking her to step into the fresh pair of purple cotton panties. Eva pulled them up to the teenager's waist with a light loving slap on her bum and pulled the leather skirt down.

"I want you to feel comfortable to come to me with anything you ever need, Heather." She looked into her eyes again and was relieved to finally get a warm smile and "Thanks" in reply. "I'll see you class, ok? I'm just going to... get cleaned up now." Heather nodded with a shy smile and left the office. Eva could tell she wanted to stay just a few moments longer. The poor girl had probably been deprived of loving parenting all her life.

Eva closed the door before ripping off her diaper, slumping into her chair, and fingering herself furiously. She reached into drawer to pull out her Hitachi Wand and held it to her clitoris. In two minutes flat, she reached an unbelievable, earth-shattering orgasm, complete with screaming and squirting all over her office. She collapsed into her chair and opened a second packet of wipes to clean herself with. She decided against panties, threw her diaper in the trash-can, and locked up her office. As she began her walk back to the lecture hall, Eva vowed to never do to Heather what James had done to her.

*005*2015-05-20 21:43

{{:

This was by far the longest omorashi story I ever read, but somehow I loved evry word of it.

}}

{{:

My goodness... that was awesome. Took me a long time to read it but it was totally worth it. I'm not a huge fan of super big sprawling stories but you kept me till the end with suspense. It was like reading an entire novel. <3

}}

{{:

Thanks for the extensive story, fullbladder. I haven't read it all yet so I can't comment on the entire story, but the first few chapters are promising - going back and forth in time and character development go hand in hand... Thanks again for taking the time to write such a piece, I will probably enjoy it and comment once I've read it completely :)

}}

{{:

Wow!! That's all I can say. Wow!!

}}

Thanks for the kind words, everyone- love y'all!
