One guy, Seven girls, Two Bathrooms in a Dorm

Author: OrionsBelt

*000*2023-01-16 04:09

Alright, so little background, I was on a bus with no internet or data and was in the mood to write but didn't have my notes for my other fics so I just decided to create a story with little editing or revisions. This story has been a small fantasy for almost 6 years but kinda filed it away until I remembered it recently. So I decided, screw it, and just wrote this. Very self-indulgent and not very realistic, but I thought some of ya'll would get a kick out of it, so here it is! If it gets some traction, I might move it up my backlog list and write a new entry sooner!

###

Casey stirred from an expected car nap, his head resting on the frame of the passenger's side window of his mother's sedan. With all the packing and excitement his parents were showing with Casey's move to college, he hardly got any sleep the previous night, along with the early departure for the long drive to his university. Luckily he wasn't driving, his mother was, and he's surprised he was able to fall asleep with her constant yapping about her stories at college and how she met dad… yadda yadda yadda. His nap wasn't rude or antisocial; his mom just liked to hear herself talk.

Along with all the excitement, Casey spent the last night in anxiety. He wasn't the most self-assured person, especially in social situations, so he wondered how well he really would do in college. He could join a club or something but he'd be much more comfortable sticking to himself.

There was another source of anxiety, however. When Casey applied, he was given a dorm much like the rest of his freshman colleagues, however, some administrator goofed up his application, and put him down as the wrong gender. He knew Casey was a fairly gender neutral name, to be fair, but this was ridiculous. He was spending thousands of dollars a semester in tuition and they couldn't get his sex right?

The error was corrected a little too late; Casey was registered into a dorm building designated for females. The school was at max capacity in terms of student housing, so Casey could not be reaccomodated. As a show of good faith, the school allocated the singles room with his own private bathroom, the only other restroom being a public one split between the seven other ladies in the building. Yeah, the building was old, but it wasn't very thoughtfully planned out.

Casey felt he should have been excited to have his own single with his own bathroom, knowing the college horror stories of terrible roommates and disgusting shared bathrooms. But among Casey's insecurities was one about women. He never felt comfortable around them, thinking they were constantly judging him, and naturally never had a girlfriend or even had his first kiss. Now he was surrounded by seven of them. Sheesh.

The rest of the six hour trip from home was followed by another nap, before arriving at his college. It was a rather prestigious, large university with a large campus surrounded by a college town, and Casey was whisked away to an obscure corner of the campus where his dorm was, which luckily was close to a bus stop to get around campus.

Casey started unpacking but was quickly met by one of his dorm-mates, a skinny girl with blonde hair and some glasses in a cute square frame. She wore a tank too and some short-shorts, which was relevant for the weather which was still warm from the summer. She excitedly introduced herself to Casey.

"Hi!"

Casey was caught off guard by a girl randomly approaching him, he can't recall that ever happening.

"Uh, hi." Casey answered. Jeez, he could at least try to be a bit more sociable, he was going to be living with this girl, among others, for the next 9 months.

The girl picked up on his awkwardness. "You don't have to be so reserved around us." She responded with a trustworthy smile. "I know it's not very traditional to have a building with a guy amongst a bunch of girls, but the lot of us weren't panning on using it as a source of tension. Despite the gender difference, we can still hang out and be friends as roommates!"

Casey eased up on his defensiveness, the girl feeling very genuine in her response. "Heh, thanks. That makes me feel better, I didn't want to be treated as a creep or anything from something I couldn't control."

"Oh, of course! We don't mind at all, as long as you respect our privacy and all that, but I don't think that'll be a problem since you got the best space in the house, your own bathroom and all…" she said with a bit of envy in her tone.

"Oh, is there a problem with that?" Casey queried, picking up on her tone.

The girl sighed. "Yeah, the seven of us sharing one toilet and shower has been quite the drag. So you're lucky you don't have to share it with us."

Casey felt relieved he wouldn't have to take part in that. "Oh wow, is it really that bad?"

"Yeah it is!" She started to blush. "This might be TMI, but I've almost been reduced to having to go in a bottle or a trash bin because it's occupied. That's how bad it is!"

Oh damn. Now Casey felt really lucky he wouldn't have to take part in that fiasco. But he also felt kind of bad. He was only one guy using a whole bathroom, he felt like a bit of a hog.

"I mean, I obviously won't be using it that much, if you ask I'll let you use it, i-if that's makes it any better." Casey blurted out, before almost immediately regretting that statement. Don't be a creep, inviting girls into your room to use your bathroom where you could listen, what are you doing?!?

"You know, I might have to take you up on that offer. It gets pretty bad sometimes! I promise I'll try to stay out of your way as much as I can!"

Casey breathed a sigh of relief, luckily this girl is bubbly and outgoing enough to not be offended or creeped out, it seems.

"Yeah, don't worry, there's no harm in asking. I didn't catch your name, the name's Casey, by the way."

"Oh! Right! My name is Jenna, let me add me to our group text, too! The group has been talking a lot about you, Casey."

Jeez, does his existence as the opposite gender warrant so much attention?

After sharing information Jenna returned back inside and Casey went back to unpacking, pleasantly surprised about how well the conversation went.

Casey set up his room and by the time he was finished, he was exhausted from lugging his stuff up a flight of stairs to his room. 

While unpacking he met two other girls, one an short asian girl with black hair and red dyed tips. She gave Casey a polite wave before heading out the door, appearing to be in a hurry. The other being Sandra, his roommate next door who introduced herself after hearing the noise from Casey moving in. 

She was a chubby dirty-blonde haired girl that seemed a bit more reserved. Casey did acknowledge, unintentionally, her large breasts. He tried not to be creepy, but her low-cut t-shirt made it hard not to notice. It was also difficult not to be aware of her pressing need to pee. Sandra's pressing of her thighs in her leggings and slight dips and bobs as she shuffled her feet back and forth made it clear she had an urgent need to piss. After exchanging introductions she quickly excused herself to the restroom, which was right across from Casey's room. Although unfortunately for her, it appeared to be occupied. She sighed and waited for the occupant to finish powdering their nose, whoever they were.

As mentioned, Casey was beat after a long day, and couldn't even bring himself to prepare the ramen noodles he brought with him, and slipped into his stiff but adequate bed, calling it a night.

The next morning he was awoken by a light knock.

Knock knock…

"Just a few more minutes…" Casey murmured, thinking it was his mom trying to wake him up.

Knock knock knock…

Casey buried his head in his pillow, trying to shut out the noise.

BANG BANG BANG!!

The banging startled Casey awake, suddenly remembering he wasn't in his home. He shot out of bed, thinking something was wrong. A fire in the building??

He opened the door, only then realizing he removed his shorts the previous night, going to bed in his t-shirt and some rather form fitting briefs.

At the door was Jenna, in nothing but a pair of skimpy panties and a bra, doubled over and hopping from foot to foot. Casey didn't think he's seen anyone so desperate for a piss in his life.

"Jenna?! Is everything ok? What's with the banging?!" Casey made an attempt to cover himself, Jenna's perky cleavage presenting itself straight to Casey as she hunched over. Casey covered his lower bits partly out of shame but also to stifle an erection that was inevitable given the situation.

"H-hey Casey! S-sorry to wake you up… I know it's sudden, b-but I really need to call in that favor now!" Jenna gripped her crotch intensely, squirming fiercely, fidgeting her large behind up I. The air behind her, with puppy dog eyes begging for the use of Casey's commode.

"O-of course! Go right ahead!" Casey said awkwardly.

Jenna didn't need a second invitation. She dashed past Casey, still hands in crotch, and sped into the bathroom, not even bothering to close the door. A second followed before a tremendous stream could be heard, followed by an equally loud moan of relief.

Casey was taken aghast, a half naked girl was pissing a waterfall practically next to him as he waited outside the door, tempted to take a peek out of sheer curiosity but he wouldn't dare. Even so, to call Jenna free-spirited was an understatement.

After a few minutes the stream slowed to a trickle, then nothing, followed by a well needed sigh of relief, then a flush. Casey fiddled with the items in his desk, in an attempt to seem unaware or uninterested, like he wasn't listening. Jenna reappeared, looking much more relaxed.

"Phew, thanks for that, Case. I guess that's what I get for downing a bunch of drinks before bed!"

Casey tried to play it cool. Tried. "Oh, uh, you're welcome, it sounded like you really needed to go."

"I guess you heard that huh? Yeah, it was bad, not sure if you could tell but my bladder was bulging like crazy! I don't recall ever needing to go that bad before. It felt really good too…"

"W-well, if you ever need to go again, I don't mind." Whoa Casey! You're getting ahead of yourself, what are you doing?!

"You know what, I think I will…~" Jenna said. Was that a bit of flirtation in her voice? "Thanks again Case, I'll see you around!" Jenna exited his room, as free as a bird.

Casey was feeling hot in the face? What just happened? He felt barely awake enough to process what happened. He followed Jenna to close the door to his dorm, and looked out across the landing to see another girl waiting outside the bathroom, with dark skin and braided black hair and green eyes shining like emeralds, crossing her legs, looking right back at him, having witnessed the whole series of events. Casey turned beet red, and slammed the door out of shame and awkwardness. He slumped to the ground, trying to process what the hell just happened, his mind racing. He took a deep breath and decided to take a shower and clear his head. He glanced at the clock and saw it hadn't even been past 10am.

Casey hadn't even been in his dorm for 24 hours and he'd already seen three desperate girls in his dorm, one of which was literally pissing a pressure hose just a few feet from where he stood. What has he gotten himself into?

End of Part 1

*016*2023-04-14 05:04

See my latest status for an update on this and all other stories of mine.

