Rima's Accident

Author: Mikki

*000*2015-02-01 04:04

CHAPTER 1

“Ellie!” she whimpers, doubled over desperately. It had been two hours and Rima's bladder was at full capacity. She shoves her fingers against her urethra firmly in an attempt to subdue the threatening flow. “Ah, ah, ah..” Ellie warms, taking a hold of Rima's wrists and forcefully prying her from holding herself, “what did I tell you about holding yourself, love?” Rima struggles against Ellie's strong grip. Her body convulses as a wave of desperation washes over her, forcing her to jolt forward, her tightly crossed legs shaking violently.

“Please, E-ellie! I cann-not hold it any l-longer!,” She cries out as a spurt of urine moistens her violet panties. “Oh, dear..” Ellie coos dropping her hold on Rima's wrists and lifting up her chin to examine her now watery eyes. Instantly, Rima's hands fly to her crotch as another wave sends her body rigid. Her fingers press forcefully against herself as another spurt of urine spreads across her panties, creating a dark stain and leaking through the thin fabric to trail down her hands. She shudders, her bladder burning to be released. “Ellie...” she cries, a few tears spilling down her bright red cheeks, “i-it's co-coming out!” Ellie looks at her passionately and quickly pulls her to her chest, trying to comfort the distraught girl, “it's okay, it's okay... let it out.”

Rima squirms, trying to free herself from Ellie's warm body and spare her from the urine her bladder can no longer contain, but Ellie pulls her closer, pressing her scantly, thong-covered pussy against hers, as she shoves the palm of her hand against Rima's bladder to make her release. Rima lets out a loud moan, and her muscles instantly relax, allowing a torrent of urine to spray through her fingers and wet Ellie's delicate panties as well as her own. Tears begin spilling down her her dark red cheeks.

“I-i'm s-s-sorry,” Rima chokes through her tear-stained face as her warm urine runs down her legs, forming a pool at her feet. A sob breaks through her chest as her shaking legs fall out from beneath her. Ellie quickly tightens her grip around Rima's waist to support her as she shudders with relief and embarrassment. “Rima.. you're such a good girl. I'm so proud that you held it so long.. sshh.. don't cry, dear.” Ellie kisses her forehead gently as she continues to urinate uncontrollably against the tiled floor. The words only cause Rima to sob louder with shame at her infantile state. It is one thing to leak before making it to the toilet, but it is another to, not only wet oneself desperately, but also soak another in her mess.

Her legs shake violently below her as her stream begin to come out in short, uncomfortable bursts from having held so long. Gently Ellie strokes her back to comfort her, noticing Rima's discomfort. Shameful at having caused her pain, she draws a hand forward while supporting Rima with her other hand to apply steady pressure onto her bladder to help her empty. Rima moans through her sobs and allows Ellie to forcefully empty her bladder in order to prevent leaks later on- she has always had troubles with her bladder leaking in the past. The remains of the contents of her bladder leak out, causing small splashing noises as it hits the massive puddle below. Finally, there is nothing left but a few drips; Rima leans fully into Ellie in defeat and buries her face against her to cry. “It's okay, angel. This is my fault. I made you wait so long. I'm so sorry, babe...” Ellie whispers.

Eventually, Rima pulls away slowly to survey the damage in her embarrassment. She realizes in horror how badly she has soaked Ellie. Her urine is trialing down Ellie's legs until it forms a smaller puddle at her feet. Not only that, but Ellie's panties are almost soaked entirely through. “I-i'm sorry..I d-didn't-” She cuts off sobbing in mortification. Ellie hugs her against her own chest like a baby once again and gently lifts her up to carry her into the bathroom in order to be cleaned up.

To be continued... (Feedback is much appreciated!)

*004*2015-02-02 21:32

Thanks for all your comments! Personally, I don't think it is all that greatly written (I'm a perfectionist), but I am glad you like it! I have a ton of school work to catch up on, but I will make sure to include background in the next.. I started it abruptly on purpose :)

