The Chronicles of Mulberry Mansion - Page 2

Author: Foxlover

*028*2014-04-19 15:09

I have returned. Chapter 4 coming shortly. Hang on to your hats.

*030*2014-05-12 14:34

Sorry about the wait, folks, I'm juggling quite a few projects right now... Hopefully this will tide you over until I can get to the REAL good stuff.

Cassandra was woken from her restless sleep by someone prodding her head. She blearily opened her eyes to determine the source of the prodding. It was Trish, peering at Cassandra with those chocolate eyes of hers. The bronzed woman grinned.

“C’mon, newbie, rise and shine. It’s time for inspection.”

Cassandra rose and wiped the sleep from her eyes, yawning deeply. She blinked a couple times, her eyes adjusting to the sunlight streaming through the window on the far side of the dorm. The first sensation she noticed was that her desire to pee had almost doubled since the night before. Apparently, her kidneys had been working while she slept, pumping her own piss into the pee that Gloria had already released into her bladder. Cassandra bit her lip; she wasn’t sure how she was going to keep her bladder calm with pee entering it from both ends. She decided to distract herself by asking the question that surfaced in her head.

“Inspection”? she asked quizzically, looking up at Trish.

Trish grinned. “Yeah. Madame Mulberry inspects all of us in the morning, makes sure we haven’t peed before we were supposed to. That being said, ah…” she grinned sheepishly. “I’d appreciate if you didn’t mention last night, huh? I was about to pop, you know, and we piss pot pals gotta look out for each other…”

Cassandra nodded slowly, not wanting to get anyone into trouble. Trish smiled brightly. “Thanks a million. Come on, get up and get dressed, she’ll be here soon.”

Cassandra rose up off of the sheets and swung her legs over the bed. She stood and immediately pressed her thighs together as gravity worked its magic on her bladder. Trish laughed. “Yeah, you’re gonna want to watch that. Can’t make any sudden moves, not when you haven’t peed all the day before. Also, going to sleep with a full bladder is gonna be a pretty regular occurrence, so you’re gonna have to get used to that, too. Oh look, someone dropped your outfit off!”

Trish rustled around in the closet, pulling out a simple black French maid skirt and top, complete with stockings and black heels.

Cassandra looked at the ensemble, then back at Trish.

“You’re joking, right?”

Trish merely grinned and laid them down on the bed.

“Madame Mulberry wants us all to look uniform. The black is just to distinguish us from the regular maids. Try it on; you may need to have it altered (if she's a prisoner. she's not going to be able to get it to a tailor, now is she? one of the other maids will have to alter it for her, i think.) to let the waist out a little, probably, so your bladder will have room to expand throughout the day. Ooh, good news,” she muttered as she reached into the outfit’s breast pocket. “Looks like they got you some new panties too.”

She tossed the underwear to Cassandra, who caught it and held it up, pinching the corners of the undergarment with her fingers as she examined it. It didn’t look too outlandish; just a pair of silky but conservative black panties with a little lace trim around the waistband and leg openings. She turned it around and was surprised to find a small, perfectly circular hole in the front of the panties towards the crotch area.

“Uh…I think these are ruined…” she said, handing them back to Trish. Trish turned and looked at the panties before looking up at Cassandra. Much to Cassandra’s surprise, Trish began to laugh.

“You’re hopeless, Cass. Everyone’s panties are customized like that. The hole sits right around your urethra, so you don’t have to worry about pulling your panties down every time you connect the catheter. It’s crass, but efficient. With the number of times that the maids pee every day, pulling your panties up and down would give you a rash. Now, will you hurry up? Madame Mulberry’s gonna be here any minute, and I am not giving up my morning slash because you’re too much of a prude for the dress code.”

Cassandra picked up the garish outfit with apparent disgust. She looked around; Janet and Maggie were already mostly dressed, pulling their stockings up their pale thighs. Cassandra sighed and stepped into the panties, sliding them up her thighs until they were flush against her crotch. Having her whole crotch covered except for a small part of her pussy where her urethra was located was a strange sensation. She had to admit, it was kind of… exhilarating.

Just then, Madame Mulberry appeared in the doorway, her black robes trailing behind her as she strode inside. Her somber appearance seemed to leech the light from the room. She smiled around at Cassandra and her three bunk mates.

“Good morning, girls…I trust you all had a wondrous night of sleep?” She fixed her cold steely gaze on Cassandra. “Have we made our newest guest feel welcome?”

Cassandra glared back at Madame Mulberry. Madame Mulberry’s icy grin persisted under Cassandra heated stare.

“Alright, you know the drill, line up!”

Cassandra saw Maggie, Janet and Trish quickly arrange themselves into a single file line, each facing Madame Mulberry. Cassandra reluctantly stepped in line next to Maggie, whom unlike Trish and Janet, had her head lowered in a demure and docile manner. Madame Mulberry smiled. She strode over to Trish.

“You’re first today, Patricia…” she murmured as she reached her hand towards Trish’s abdomen. Madame Mulberry’s face took on a serious expression of concentration as she probed around Trish’s abdomen, gauging the fullness of her bladder.

“Hmmm….Your abdomen is a little less firm then I remember…I could have sworn that yesterday it was as tight as a football….you know how much Miss Desiree favors you…” she said, that steely grin as cold as ever.

Trish said nothing, but Cassandra saw genuine fear in her eyes, and she wondered what about this mansion, besides having your bladder used as a toilet, could have a grown woman so frightened.

“…But perhaps,” Madame Mulberry mused. “Yes, …I must have been mistaken. Surely there was no pee released last night without permission…was there, Patricia? We wouldn’t want another Amazon trial, would we?”

Cassandra saw Trish swallow. She hesitated for one second before shaking her head. Madame Mulberry nodded.

“No, of course not,” she said quietly, her voice dangerously soft. It sent shivers up Cassandra’s spine.

Madame Mulberry continued to move down the line, now in front of Janet.

“Ah, how’s my seasoned veteran doing?” she breathed, probing around Janet’s round and bulbous abdomen. Cassandra could tell Janet was trying hard not to wince. Madame Mulberry’s smiled widened ever so slightly, and she massaged Janet’s bladder a bit more vigorously. Janet’s thighs began shaking under the pressure of this onslaught. Madame Mulberry laughed humorlessly and stepped away from her.

“Nice and taut, just like I left it after lunch…Oh, and by the way, thank you for that.” Cassandra barely managed to stifle a gasp as Madame Mulberry placed her lips against Janet’s for a moment or two before pulling away.

She approached Maggie, who still had her head lowered. Madame Mulberry’s smile widened as she stepped closer to Maggie. However, instead of reaching forward and merely brushing Maggie’s abdomen with her hands, she chuckled and lifted up Maggie’s downturned head.

“I don’t even need to check you, do I Margaret?” she whispered. Maggie said nothing. Madame Mulberry nodded. “I don’t have to feel it to know that your bladder is hard as a rock…I wish all of my girls were as dedicated as you…” she murmured.

Finally, she was down to Cassandra. Cassandra felt Madame Mulberry’s icy stare burning into her flesh. She felt the hands caress her abdomen, though these hands were not rough and nonchalant, but gentle, and smooth. Cassandra felt the hands move upwards past her stomach to the skin just under her bosom. She shuddered and wanted to shy away, but she wasn’t about to give Madame Mulberry any excuse to punish her. Cassandra felt Maggie squirm next to her, and suddenly, Madame Mulberry’s hands were withdrawn.

“Was that a squirm, Margaret? Surely your bladder control is better than that?” She chuckled before turning back to Cassandra.

“I’m sure we’ll be seeing more of each other, Ms. Ashton. Now, I must attend to the maids. They should be awake by now, and they’ve been holding all night, so expect a good turnout this morning! Breakfast is in 20 minutes. After that, you all will get your morning pee, and then the first round of maids will be round to use you. Ta-ta!” Madame Mulberry swept out of the room, the door swinging shut behind her.

Trish exhaled as soon as she was gone. “Aye dios mios, I can’t stand her…” she grumbled. “Thanks for not ratting me out, you guys…” she said, looking round at them all gratefully. Janet smiled genially. Maggie said nothing. Cassandra nodded, a smile tugging at the corner of her lips.

Trish beamed. “Well, come on, let’s hurry and get breakfast over with so I can finally take a real piss…” Trish strode out of the room, closely followed by Maggie. Janet and Cassandra lagged behind.

“W-what was that, her kissing you on the mouth like that?” Cassandra asked.

Janet sighed. “Oh, that’s just how she shows affection, it’s nothing, really.”

Cassandra frowned. In the short time she’d know Madame Mulberry, she really didn’t seem like the affectionate type. But, if she was gonna be stuck serving the woman, she might as well try and invent a humanity for her. The two women exited the room and entered the hall. Cassandra looked around in awe.

The mansion looked much different during the day; the walls were slated mahogany, adorned with 19th-century sconces and various paintings, save the few interruptions of doors. A long, velvet carpet ran along the floor all the way to the staircase. Janet and Cassandra made their way through the hallway, Cassandra’s steps small and mincing due to her uncomfortably full bladder. They passed by a set of double doors, and Cassandra realized that that was the parlor she’d been in last night.

They finally reached the grand staircase. Cassandra looked down its spiraling form, her head then craning upwards to see the soft buttery sunlight pouring through the windows, creating little pools of golden light on the floor below. Janet swept past her, and Cassandra couldn’t help but notice that her skirt had ridden up a bit, exposing a bit of her ample bottom. Cassandra found herself staring and shook her head, following Janet downstairs, keeping her hand on the wrought iron handrail as they descended.

When they reached the main foyer, Janet turned right through another set of double doors. Cassandra followed into what looked like a Grand dining hall.

The ceiling sloped high above them, set with rafters of pine and cedar. At the far end of the room, a large furnace stood, crackling merrily. Spanning the entire length of the room was a large dining table, laden with plates of sausage and bacon, pancakes and waffles, scones, fruit, jams, jellies, eggs, coffee and even oatmeal. Seeing the food prompted Cassandra to realize just how hungry she was, and she felt her mouth salivate. Scores upon scores of maids were already seated at the table, tucking into the delicacies.

Janet strode over to where Trish and Maggie were sitting, at the end of the table. Trish smiled when Janet and Cassandra sat down.

“Well…” she muttered around a mouthful of waffle. “This place may be twisted, but they make a damn good waffle.”

Maggie continued to say nothing, only opening her mouth to eat the pieces of pineapple on her plate. Cassandra couldn’t quite place it, but there was something sort of off about that girl. She decided that she’d try to find out what later. For now, she was ravenous, and her hunger had to be satiated.

Once everyone had eaten their fill, Madame Mulberry rose and clapped her hands together.

“Alright girls, now that we are all fed and watered, we have a lot of work to do today!” She reached into the folds of her robes and pulled out a sheet of parchment. She lowered her glasses a bit and peered at the page.

“Patience, Prudence…” she gestured to a set of blonde twins that looked about 19. “You take your section up to the parlor…That room needs its morning dusting.” The twins nodded and rose from the table, leading a group of about 14 girls out the double doors. Madame Mulberry was still fixated on her sheet.

“Gloria and Susanne…” she said, pointing at the black haired girl and red haired girl from the night before. “You take your group to the greenhouses, make sure the hydrangeas are getting the water they need.”

Gloria and Susanne both curtseyed and followed Patience and Prudence with a similar number of girls in tow.

“The rest of you…” Madame Mulberry began, rolling up her list and putting it away. “Clear off the table, and then wait for me here. You all will be the first to use our chamber pots today. Be wary, however…I suggest you hold on as much as you can before using them…You all know the rules about how many breaks you get. Also, only 6 girls to a lady today! If you are seventh in line, you’ll just have to hold it and hope that one of the chamber pots has mercy on you. And absolutely NO touching each other until I tell you that you can! We don’t want any Amazon trials, do we? No, of course we don’t. Alright, off you go!”

The girls began getting up and clearing the plates off the table, chattering to each other. Cassandra saw some of them shoot her a furtive glance before grabbing themselves under their dresses. Others were determinedly not looking at her, and she surmised that they did not want to admit that they need her assistance. Cassandra looked round at Trish.

“No…touching each other?” Cassandra squeaked. “Does she mean that the maids are…are…”

“Lesbians, yeah.” Trish said, grinning. “Not all of them started out that way, of course. But, there’s no dick in the whole place, and a girl can only go without sexual contact with others for so long…It’s like the mansion twisted their minds. They began turning to each other to satisfy their desires. Those who don’t participate usually just sit back and watch, wanking themselves and hoping they get out of here before the craze takes them over too.”

Cassandra swallowed. If the mansion’s lure was strong enough to sway sexual orientation, she decided she’d better be careful. Although, if she were to swing that way, a bronzed beauty like Trish wouldn’t be a bad way to go….No! What was she thinking? Cassandra shook her head rapidly, trying to clear such thoughts from her head. Her imagination was scaring her more than Madame Mulberry herself did.

Trish looked at her. “You alright, Cass? You look spooked.”

Cassandra blushed as she looked away from Trish.

“I-I’m fine…” she murmured. “Could you just…show me where the bathrooms are?”

Trish grinned. “Sure. After all, wouldn’t wanna try taking a whole day’s worth of pee without getting rid of the previous one’s, right? Come on.”

Trish stood up and beckoned to Cassandra to follow her. Cassandra rose hesitantly and made her way out of the dining hall off to right wing of the castle.

~Meanwhile~

Madame Mulberry was back in her office. Her black robes were open, her large, plump tits spilling out of the fabric. She sat, spread eagled, as two hands ran all over her body. One hand was massaging her left breast, the other delving in and out of Madame Mulberry’s simmering pit. Madame Mulberry groaned, bucking her hips in time to the finger’s probing her velvety walls.

“M-mistress…” she cooed, a thin line of spittle running down her chin as she was fondled.

“I saw how you handled Ms. Ashton today, Mathilda.” The voice said, quiet but annoyed. “I thought I told you to keep away from her until your end of the deal was upheld.”

Madame Mulberry bit her lip, and for a moment, only the squelching of the fingers plunging in and out of her pussy could be heard.

“I…I apologize, mistress…” she said.

The voice huffed. “Do not insult me with your hollow apologies. You have grown tired of your mistress’s hands, haven’t you? You wish it was Cassandra, fondling you and finger-fucking your pussy, do you not?” Madame Mulberry merely whimpered. The hands increased their speed, causing Madame Mulberry to cry out in pleasure. “I know what you desire, Mathilda…I knew from the moment I saw you gaze upon her. You wish for her to share your filthy bed with you?”

Madame Mulberry said nothing, still whimpering incoherently. The hand on her breast twisted her nipple harshly, causing Madame Mulberry to cry out in pain. “ANSWER ME!” it demanded.

Madame Mulberry's lip trembled. “Y-yes, Mistress, everything you’ve said is true! J-just let me cum!”

Her mistress laughed cruelly and shoved Madame Mulberry away. The dark-clothed woman fell to the floor, shaking, her pussy still glistening with her sexual frustration.

“You will have her when I say you may have her. Until then, you must be content to tease her. I don’t care how many times you masturbate to the thought of her, as long as you do not attempt to seduce her until I say she is ready. Do you understand?”

Madame Mulberry nodded.

“Good,” the voice said, calmer now. The hands helped Madame Mulberry to her feet. The mistress grabbed Madame Mulberry’s face and pulled her into a deep kiss before letting her go.

“Now get back to work, Mathilda. I do hope we won’t have to have this conversation again.”

Madame Mulberry nodded and hurried out of the office, shutting the door behind her.

(To be continued...)

*034*2014-09-22 07:04

I promise to update more often, you all, please don't hate me.

Chapter 5

Gloria brushed her fiery scarlet hair behind her ear as she continued down the hallway, Susanne next to her. She rubbed her swollen abdomen and sighed. She’d been so ready to let loose and finally be rid of the nagging urge between her legs last night, an urge that she’d grown so accustomed to she’d almost forgot what it was like to be completely empty. Usually, she measured her liquid intake so that it would stay in direct proportion to her allowed pee breaks…Until of course, she’d gotten put on bladder lockdown for peeing a little too much. She still remembered how she had gotten into that mess in the first place…How a couple weeks ago, little Romilda had too much chocolate milk at breakfast and was about to spring a leak in the study, despite having already had her morning pee…how Gloria had let Romilda use her chamber pot in order to spare Romilda from having to violate the one-pot-use-a-day rule.

As a result, Gloria had an even fuller bladder than usual when it came round to dinnertime. She knew that Madame Mulberry went around to check all the chamber pots after dinner to make sure no one had peed extra during the day. Gloria had waited until about a half hour after supper to kip up to her room, already dribbling in her knickers, and take a good hard wee before bed. To her horror, however, Madame Mulberry walked in on her mid-stream on her rounds to call “lights out” for the room. Gloria tried to explain what happened, but Madame Mulberry wouldn’t hear it. The next morning, there had been an announcement at breakfast.

Gloria could still see the sardonic and mirthless grin on Madame Mulberry’s face as she announced that since Gloria was so fond of giving up pee breaks, her toilet became open to everyone but her. She’d even gone so far as to allow everyone a second pee break that day, and some of the more malicious girls always made sure Gloria was around to watch. They had groaned profusely and sigh melodramatically as Gloria’s own bulging bladder was tormented by the sound Madame Mulberry had even forced Gloria to empty the pot 3 times of its pee, an agonizing task for someone in her state.

Shaking the memory of that nightmarish occasion from her head, Gloria led the girls around a corner and out a side door that led to the greenhouses. Rows upon rows of vibrant foliage, aromatic blooms and soft, supple buds spilled from the shelves, the concrete floor beneath them and opaque walls around them damp with condensation. To the right of the doorway stood a shelf teeming with gardening gear; shears, watering cans, hoes, clippers, and bags of rich, pungent mulch. She knew Madame Mulberry was punishing her by giving her this task; the act of watering flowers was torture on a full bladder, especially since every girl here had one. Susanne walked in after her, giving her a concerned look as she made her way to the front of the pack.

“Ok, everyone, listen up. All this running water is gonna be tough, but if we power through it, we can get back to the main hall and pee…Alright?” She pushed her thick glasses up the bridge of her nose and began divvying the girls into groups for each section of the greenhouse. Gloria sighed and grabbed a watering can from the shelf. The rest of the girls followed suit. Gloria strode over to the tap, a metal pipe protruding from the wall with a nozzle attached to the top.

She sighed and squatted down, wincing as the action put pressure on her bladder. She turned on the tap, and immediately a strong stream of water began pouring from the faucet into the bucket. Gloria bit her lip as the running water worked its magic on her bladder’s psyche, and by the rustling of pantyhose and stifled groans behind her, Gloria could tell that she wasn’t alone in her discomfort. Once she’d filled up her water can, she stepped away to go to her section. She figured it’d be best if she started at the end and worked her way back towards the door.

As she was finishing with her third plant, most of the girls had broken off and taken to a section of shrubbery. She felt a hand on her ass and turned around to see a girl about 18 with bouncy blonde curls and deceptively innocent brown eyes smiling lasciviously at her. “Hey, morning Glorie…” she cooed, giggling. Gloria merely rolled her eyes and turned back to her work.

“What do you want, Desiree?” she muttered. Desiree was the most promiscuous girl Gloria had ever met. She arrived at the mansion several months back, a couple weeks after Gloria did. Word round the mansion was that she was brought up in a Catholic household with very strict parents. You’d never be able to guess that from her permanent “come hither” smirk and general absence of undergarments on a daily basis. She spent so much time feeling up with other girls that she’d earned the nickname ‘Des the Lez’…Not that she was the only one. Many girls sought release and comfort in each other’s arms here, Gloria being one of the few exceptions. She just couldn’t bring herself to lose control like that.

Desiree pouted. “Don’t be huffy, Gloria, I just came to say hello and see how you were doing. You must be feeling sooo much better after Madame Mulberry finally let you pee...But I was a little disappointed. You looked adorable writhing around, a cute little bump in your belly from all the water you had to hold…Oh, and thanks for letting me use your chamber pot while you were on hiatus…Though you would’ve made a much better toilet.” She cackled maliciously.

Gloria grimaced as Desiree’s words made her bladder throb. “Look, Desiree, either say something important or clear out, I’m trying to finish this up.”

Desiree’s grin went on unaltered. “Oh, don’t be such a prude. That’s your problem, Gloria, you never let yourself have any fun. You should learn to enjoy holding it…It feels fantastic if you let it. Plus, I get to pee into that sexy Hispanic chick, Trish. Seeing her face as I flood her, it gets me going every time. She won’t admit it, but she loves it. Someday she’ll realize it, and she’ll beg to hold my pee for me.”

Gloria scoffed in disgust. “You’re insane, Desiree.”

Desiree shook her head. “No, I’m horny. There’s a difference.” She reached down and rubbed Gloria’s thigh sensually. Gloria slapped her hand away. “Get off of me!” she cried indignantly.

Desiree’s smile was gone now, replaced by an ugly sneer. “Whatever. I don’t have to waste my time here anyway. Sooner or later, you’ll be coming to me, Gloria.” With that, Desiree roughly pulled Gloria’s head up by her hair and pressed her lips against hers violently for a moment before shoving her away and getting up to move to a different section.

Gloria fervently wiped at her mouth with the back of her arm, glaring at Desiree’s retreating form. Despite her annoyance with the lusty blonde, Gloria couldn’t deny that she’d often thought about “swinging that way” during her time at the mansion. Come to think of it, Desiree did have a firm and supple ass…No! Gloria thought to herself, horrified at the impure thought that had unwelcomely manifested in her mind. Shaking her head vehemently, she continued to water the plants, breathing heavily as the water trickled from the can head onto the delicate blooms below. How Gloria dearly wished to be the can, releasing its liquid contents gracefully and leisurely. The can could hold its limit infinitely, and was not bound by the same agony that gripped Gloria’s bladder for the past few days. Gloria suddenly pulled her hand back, ceasing the water flow, the rest of the liquid sloshing in the plastic container.

“That’s enough for now…” She whispered waspishly to the can. “Oh, I bet you thought you were gonna let it all out. Too bad. You’re gonna hold this water in you for as long as I say.” She raised her arm and let a few more beads of water drip from the spout. “It must be horrible, not being able to let it all go…” she murmured, gently rubbing between her own legs. She turned around to look at her group; it was the same story all throughout the greenhouse. All around her, the girls gripped their watering cans with slightly shaky hands, their stockings creating a soft *rasp, rasp* sound as their thighs rubbed together incessantly, their panty covered bums bouncing gently in time to the agonizing rhythm of their swollen bladders. A soft rumble of groans and moans from the desperate women could be heard under the infuriating *pitter patter* of water on plants.

“Water the plants…” a young raven haired woman down the way muttered as she gave herself a squeeze. “Oh, I’d definitely love to “water” these plants…” she huffed. She looked over at Gloria, who was glancing at her with mild disdain. The girl scoffed. “C’mon, Gloria…We both know Mulberry won’t notice if we’re a few drops lighter…God, I’m about to burst.” Gloria saw her look around before scooting closer to the plant and discreetly pulling her panties aside, releasing a few spurts into the soil. It was illegal, and forbidden… And it looked like it was heaven to take the edge off. She even saw a few women look down at the act and follow suit.

Even Susanna, the “teacher’s pet” of sorts, was siphoning off some excess water into the plants. Just as Gloria was about to do the same, Madame Mulberry walked by to inspect their progress. Most of the women had gotten their panties back up in time, so Madame Mulberry didn’t notice anything out of the ordinary. The women let out a collective sigh of relief.Not the relief they desired, but relief nonetheless.

Gloria sighed as she looked back at the ever-inviting soil in the pot, more than ready to absorb a small discharge of liquids to ease the burden on a very full bladder.

It was a perfectly reasonable solution to their problem, but everyone lived in fear of the repercussions that would befall them if they were to turn the greenhouse into a full-out ladies’ room. After all, Madame Mulberry could come back by here, and were she to catch any of them in a compromising position…

After a few more ferns, Gloria deemed her section well-hydrated and stood shakily, gasping a bead of her golden nectar made its way past her clenched thighs. By the time she’d gotten back up to the front of the greenhouse, the desperation was reaching a fever pitch. Even Gloria was focused more on grabbing her own crotch than that of the girls around her. It was becoming apparent that the small squirts into the ferns had brought very little comfort; the collective bladder was tiring, it was going to spill over soon. Susanne curtsied her way to the front of the group, her thighs rubbing together as she shimmied in place. “O-ok, girls, good work. “ She said, looking over at the array of squirming women before her.

“N-now, let’s hurry back to the dining hall, huh? Madame Mulberry doesn’t like to be kept waiting, and I don’t think any of us will make it till the next allotted time at lunch, so move as quickly as you can!” The girls all put the cans up and went about straightening up the room. One of the little ones squealed as the crotch of her panties became damp and a stream emerged. Susanne quickly thrust a watering can underneath the girl until she managed to cut off the flow. Susanne disappeared back into the rows to evenly distribute the urine throughout the pots. Many of the older women looked understanding, but a few of the younger ones were glaring at the little girl, jealous that she’d been allowed more relief than they.

Susanne returned to the front of the room, still squirming. None of the women could stand still; it was time to return to the dining hall and gain relief from their aching bladders. They filed out as quickly as they could, heading back down the hallway towards the hall. Once they reached it, they found the tables cleared. Only Cassandra and the other human pots were there, Gloria noticed. The rest must’ve gone to use the regular chamber pots. Susanne turned to the group she was leading, who were peering anxiously into the room, looking for signs of relief. Susanne shushed them.

“Ok, those who are able to wait, go to the resident wing and use the chamber pots there. Those who can’t, try and get in line, but no pushing!” As soon as she’d gotten done, the women all rushed past her trying to get in line. Gloria managed to get the last spot for Cassandra, the girls in front of her wincing and doubling over. Gloria looked back and saw Susanne standing there, clutching her crotch. The poor girl had been so distracted by the briefing that she had been unable to snag a spot quickly enough.

Gloria saw Susanne’s face, worry and hopelessness overcoming her face as she scanned the lines, hoping, praying that one of them had 5 or less people, but it was useless. She was out of luck, forced to hold in the unbearable amount of pee she’d accumulated and hope that one of the women decided to be merciful. As much as Gloria pitied her, her desperation would not allow her to think past the swollen bump in her abdomen. She looked back around and saw Desiree sitting in front of Trish, her pee streaming from her into the bronzed woman. She contorted her faced in disgust at Desiree’s expression.

She couldn’t tell if it was relief or arousal; probably both, knowing her. The minutes wore on, and Gloria was dancing shamelessly now, as were the girls last in line for the other women. She looked down the way and saw Janet, Trish, and Margaret, all with protruding abdomens now, wincing as the last girl came forward to tax their struggling bladders some more. Gloria sat down in front of Cassandra, wincing as the action squished her bladder. She took the catheter tip and began working it into her urethra, trying not to look at the bulge in Cassandra’s abdomen and how much she’d be adding to it.

She slacked her grip on her pelvic muscles just enough to get the stream started, and it steadily grew until it reached Cassandra’s pink urethra, flowing into the woman just like it had last night. Gloria kept her head down, trying to block out Cassandra’s heavy breathing as the woman struggle to accommodate the pressure. Gloria continued flooding Cassandra’s bladder in her pee until she was at such a point when she had to force the last few drops out. Relief, sweet, blissful, empty relief, washed over her as her bladder was empty for the first time in an age. Gloria slumped down, the catheter still inside her, sighing contentedly. “Ooh, that felt good…” she groaned.

“That makes one of us…” Cassandra managed to grunt. Gloria forced herself to look into the woman’s eyes. She still looked unsettled and on her guard, but there was a kindness in her eyes, as if she were genuinely glad to help Gloria. Gloria felt a huge surge of affection for Cassandra, and it made her blush. “T-thank you…” she managed to stammer before disconnecting the catheter and standing up quickly, hurrying away. Susanne hurried up to the four ladies. “P-please, can any of you help me? I’m about to lose it!” she cried, the bespectacled girl clutching her tight, swollen bladder. Janet and Maggie were already leaving, and Cassandra rubbed her bloated abdomen. Trish looked at the girl with a slight degree of pity.

“I’m sorry, kid, but…it’s gonna take a little for me to keep this in, thanks to that little slut Desiree, and we can’t have you flooding the newbie. You’ll just have to get to the pots on the second floor.” Susanne groaned and her dancing got more sporadic. “B-but I can’t wait till the second floor!” she moaned, feeling her hold begin to crack. She was going to burst, she knew it, it was just a matter of when and where. In a blind moment of panic, Susanne rushed from the hall, hoping she could at least make it back to the greenhouse before she lost the flood. At least there she could wash away the evidence.

Gloria looked back at Cassandra, who gave her a small smile. Gloria returned it half-heartedly, blushing as she left the hall, heading towards the second floor to help with the dusting.

~MEANWHILE~

Susanne was in dire straits. She’d forgotten that the greenhouses were set on a lock (one of the only pieces of technology in this house) and would not open until the next watering session, that evening. Tears began to bead up in Susanne’s eyes almost as fast of urine began to bead up on her tired pussy lips. Susanne ground her hands into her crotch, looking for something, ANYthing, that would prevent her from soiling herself and getting in trouble. She suddenly spotted Madame Mulberry coming down the hallway. Susanne did her best to straighten up and look normal.

The action caused a white hot blade of pain to rip through her bladder, nearly causing her to cry out in pain, but she held it in. Madame Mulberry cast an inquisitive look at her, and her eyes dropped to her bloated midsection. A knowing smile came over the cold woman’s lips. “Ah, weren’t able to snag a place for a chamber lady, were you, Susanne? Aw, look, you poor thing!” She said, approaching Susanne and rubbing her abdomen, causing the girl to flinch. “You’re absolutely busting at the seams, aren’t you? Come with me.”

Madame Mulberry took Susanne’s hand and led her away from the greenhouse. She half led, half dragged the leaking Susanne to her study, where she ushered her in and closed the door, unfastening her robe. “Quickly, dear, bottoms off if you don’t want to ruin the rug.” Susanne didn’t quite understand what was happening here, but if it meant relief, she was all too willing to comply. She hiked up her skirt and tore her panties, damp with liquid, down her legs. The absent of panties proved too much of a psychological blow for Susanne, and an involuntary spurt of urine jetted from her sore lips, wetting her panties even more around her ankles.

Madame Mulberry had opened her robes, revealing a black lace bra and matching panties. “There’s a catheter in my desk, Susanne. Grab it.” Susanne did as she was told. A catheter? Did Madame Mulberry have a secret Chamber lady for her own personal use? She went around to the desk at the far side of the room, rummaging around for the catheter with one hand while the other was plugging up her twitching peehole.

Finally, Susanne’s hand closed around the tubing, and she handed it to Madame Mulberry. “M-Madame, if I may ask…There are no Chamber Ladies around. What am I to do?” Madame Mulberry smiled. “Isn’t it obvious, dear? I’m going to be your Chamber Lady right now.” She hooked the catheter up to herself and then up to Susanne. It had barely been fastened when Susanne let out another involuntary jet of pee. Madame Mulberry smiled.

“Come on, dear, let it go.” It took a little bit, but Susanne finally managed to coax her tightly clenched bladder to relinquish some of its control, resulting in a stream that traveled up the tubing into Madame Mulberry’s urethra. Susanne had to fight to stop her stream from becoming a powerful jet and blowing the tubing right out of her. In a way, keeping her urine output light and manageable was almost harder than keeping it in. Finally, she managed to get to a point where it no longer hurt to go slow, and she moaned in relief as she continued to pee into Madame Mulberry.

About halfway through, she began to pull back on her stream, certain that Madame Mulberry’s hospitality only extended so far. She felt a hand on her shoulder and she looked up into Madame Mulberry’s face. She was smiling. “Finish.” She said simply. Susanne let go again, a grin creeping on her face. After nearly 2 minutes, Susanne’s stream abated, and after bearing down on her bladder to make sure there was nothing left, she unhooked the catheter from herself. Now that her mind was drowning in her hot, boiling desperation, worry and concernedness overtook Susanne’s mind. Why had Madame Mulberry decided to help her? Why not just let her piss herself and be made a fool out of? Why not just force her to pee elsewhere and make an example of her, like she did with Gloria? As she thought these things, she bent down to pick up her panties, but Madame Mulberry stopped her.

“Oh, I won’t have you in that filthy thing…Here.” Madame Mulberry closed her robe and strode past the girl, opening up a drawer behind her desk and pulling out a fresh pair of panties. She handed them to the girl. Susanne vaguely wondered why Madame Mulberry kept underwear in her study, but she did not complain as she slid them on. Dry panties felt nice on her wet labia. She turned and curtsied slightly. “Thank you, Madame Mulberry.” She murmured demurely. The woman smiled. “You’re most certainly welcome, my dear. Couldn’t have you ruining the carpeting, could we? Now, my generosity, while great, is not free, as you can imagine. In exchange for your relief, there is just one teensie little thing I need you to do for me, darling…” She drew her robe around the girl and closed the door.

To be continued…

*037*2015-11-12 06:48

Here we are, over a year later. I'm a horrible person, I know, and no one is probably going to read this, but, c'est la vie. I enjoy the story, so I will continue to update. :) Feel free to follow along, friends.

Chapter 6

In all her 24 years of life, Cassandra had never been this full of pee and on the verge of losing it all; she doubted that even her state during her arrival at this manor compared to the acute, near overwhelming pressure she felt in her abdomen right now. She couldn’t even fathom how Trish and the others managed to bear such copious amounts of liquid day in and day out without being twisted up like pretzels. Trish looked quite uncomfortable herself from Cassandra’s vantage point, but she was walking at a pretty good clip and didn’t look as if she were seconds from gushing all over the carpet, unlike the woman following her. Cassandra groaned as she hobbled along after her guide towards relief.

Her bulbous abdomen protruded obscenely from her pale toned stomach, pressing against the taut fabric of the embarrassingly risqué maid uniform Madame Mulberry had forced her to wear with every step. As Trish pulled her along through the right wing of the mansion, Cassandra greatly prolonged their journey by having to stop and press her legs together or give herself a quick squeeze between her thighs; anything to get control of her soon-to-be overflowing bladder. Trish looked back at Cassandra every time she stopped, her expression a strange blend of pity and impatience.

“C’mon, newbie, hurry it up! This is a time sensitive endeavor, you know!”

Cassandra took a deep breath and staggered forward, trying to keep pace with Trish. “L-look, I’m trying, alright!?” She replied in exasperation. “It’s not easy to walk and hold everything in at the same time, you know!”

They both made a right around a corner and traveled down a hallway lined with stained glass reliefs of various women. Even in her agonized state, Cassandra recognized the faces of these important female figures throughout history, identifiable by the brass nameplates beneath the window panes; Catherine the Great, Queen Victoria, Joan of Arc…Even more recent figures such as Susan B. Anthony and Emily Dickenson peered down at the two women as they hurried through the corridor. Despite her abject desperation, Cassandra couldn’t help but notice that something seemed…off about the figures in the windows.

Their bodies were positioned strangely, and they were crafted in such a way that their faces looked as if they were grimacing, almost contorted in pain. She had no time to stay and study them, however; Trish’s arm was nearly yanking hers out of the socket trying to pull her towards their salvation. As they reached the end of the hall, Cassandra was met with two doors; one on her left, and one on her right. Right ahead of her was a final stained glass window, this one of Cleopatra. Same strange posture, same strained expression. Tearing her eyes away from the disturbing glasswork, Cassandra turned back to Trish.

“W-which door?” She managed, scissoring her thighs together. Now that she was standing still, she didn’t have the force of forward movement to take some of gravity’s pressure off of her bladder, and now she felt as if she had a lead weight in her abdomen, its unforgiving mass bearing down mercilessly on her tiring sphincter.

“Left.” Trish replied hurriedly, placing a hand on the brass doorknob and turning it. Cassandra could’ve sworn she saw the woman cast a fearful glance at the door to their right as she opened the door, but as it stood she had much bigger problems to attend to.

Trish pulled Cassandra in, fumbling with her panties and the cinched waist of her skirt while Cassandra took in this new environment. The chamber pot room itself was rather unremarkable; a spacious, circular room with five large iron cauldrons arranged in a circle near the center. The only light came from the small window on the other side of the room, the beams of sunlight illuminating the specks of dust dancing in the air. Trish finally got the waistband of her skirt loosened and her panties down. She lifted up her skirt to just beneath her breasts, and Cassandra marveled slightly at how the bronzed woman’s toned abdomen protruded a good four inches from the rest of her torso. It had to be just as big as Cassandra’s and yet, although obviously desperate, Trish didn’t appear to be in the near-accident state Cassandra found herself in.

Trish hobbled over to the pots, peering inside each of them and mumbling to herself. “Mm…Might overflow this one…someone had bad aim on this one…Ah!” She picked the chamber pot directly across from Cassandra and began to haul herself up onto the lip. She spread her legs shamelessly wide, revealing her dark, curly bush and the faint pinkness of her labia. Cassandra blushed at her immodesty, prompting a chuckle from Trish. “Oh, come on kid, it ain’t like you don’t have one. Shoot, couple months in this place and this will be the LEAST embarrassing thing you witness.”

Nevertheless, Cassandra averted her gaze as Trish’s stream started. It sounded like a mere trickle at first, but it gradually grew louder until it was a full-fledged gush that roped noisily into the pot below, prompting a groan of relief from it’s originator. “Ooh, fuck…” Trish sighed as she allowed her bladder to empty the contents it had acquired. “It may be a bitch to be everyone’s personal porta-potty…” She breathed. “…But damn does it feel good to finally let it go. Almost better than sex, I’d wager…And I’ve had some good sex.” Cassandra’s blush darkened at Trish’s lewd commentary, prompting another hearty guffaw from the bronzed woman.

Listening to Trish relieve herself only made Cassandra’s own situation that much more dire, and her fidgeting became even more pronounced as her bladder responded to the aural stimulus of the sound of peeing. She bobbed her knees and crossed her ankles, twisted her legs and wiggled her hips, everything short of jamming a hand into her crotch. She was bursting; every second she stood here was a second closer to soaking the ground beneath her, and based on what she’d heard from her fellow chamber pot ladies, peeing anywhere other than a chamber pot was something you did NOT want to do.

Finally, Trish’s stream slowed until it became a trickle once more, before dying off completely. With a sigh of contentment, Trish hopped down off the pot, grinning at Cassandra. “Alright, Cass, your turn.” She winked at the woman as she passed her by. “Should I cover my eyes so I don’t see your no-no place?” She teased, prompting a glare from Cassandra as she pulled down her own panties and made her way to the chamber pot. These pots were bigger than the one she’d found in that room on the night she’d arrived, and she had to hoist herself up on the lip as Trish had done. In order to avoid dunking her feet in the liquid below, she was forced to straddle the rim, revealing her own neatly trimmed blonde bush.

“Keeping things neat and tidy, newbie, I like it.” Trish commented from her position in front of Cassandra’s pot. Cassandra’s face darkened so much it was nearly purple, but she concentrated only on releasing the churning, boiling lake she contained inside her. As soon as she’d gotten herself situated, she took a deep breath and relaxed her sphincter muscles.

For a moment, nothing happened. Cassandra could feel an almost unbearable pressure on her urethra, but nothing was coming out; almost as if so much liquid was trying to escape that it had actually stopped up its only exit. One second went by, and then two. Trish cocked her head, concern evident on her face. “You alright, newbie? Looked like you were about to bust a lug out there, where’re the waterworks?”

No sooner had she spoken than Cassandra’s golden torrent burst forth. It was not a gradual release like Trish’s had been, controlled and precise. It was a great, gushing flow that reached all the way up to the other side of the pot before spilling loudly into the pot below. Trish laughed. “Oh, there they are.” The amber liquid splattered into the pot with almost deafening ferocity, the sound of the liquid reverberating around the small chamber. So full was her bladder that peeing felt like she was emptying a bottomless reservoir for the first few seconds. After a short while, the woman gasped as the sudden wave of relief washed over her, her shoulders sagging as her stream continued unabated.

After nearly 3 minutes, her golden output began to taper off, finally receding after a period of non-stop full-force. Trish whistled as Cassandra began working to push out the last few drops. “Damn, newbie, you weren’t kidding when you said you hadta go. Madame Mulberry must really love that tank you’ve got in there…”

As Cassandra clambered shakily off the toilet, she fumbled with her panties. Her fingers, numb with relief as they were, were unable to grasp the waistband. Trish started towards the door as Cassandra got her underwear on, attempting to smooth down the ridiculously short skirt. Trish only laughed. “C’mon, Cassie, lets get back to the room. We want Janet to know how you did on your first day; I reckon your bladder may even be bigger than hers.” Cassandra looked up, still shocked as to how natural this all seemed to be to the Latina woman. All these maids and chamber pots and catheters were like some sort of twisted carnival house to Cassandra, so much so she almost didn’t believe it was real. But her desperation had been real, and that near-orgasmic relief she’d felt had been real. Swallowing hard, she followed Trish out of the room and back towards the chamber ladies’ quarters.

###

Susanne didn’t scare easily. She was an intellectual child prodigy growing up, a veritable savant when it came to formulas and calculations, and she’d long since deduced that fear was nothing but a biochemical reaction as part of the body’s inherent desire to survive. However, all rational thoughts escaped her as she sat in Madame Mulberry’s office, waiting in a large, almost deceptively soft chair that felt as though it would swallow her up. Madame Mulberry herself appeared quite calm, moving about the office and pushing books back into place.

She looked no more uncomfortable for having taken Susanne’s waters, and for a brief moment, Susanne wondered just how much Madame Mulberry could hold. She’d never been seen desperate like many of the maids in the mansion, where there was always a wiggling bum here or a slight curtsy there; perhaps she was gifted with a large bladder, perhaps even stronger than the chamber ladies! Just the thought of Madame Mulberry’s mystical powers of water retention had Susanne’s lithe form flushing red with a rise in temperature.

Since coming to the mansion, she’d developed a…hobby, she supposed it was. She liked to try and figure out how much any of her compatriots were holding at any given time: given the parameters of their relief schedule and the jugloads of water and wine they usually consumed throughout the day, it was usually quite a bit. She’d take into account their walking gait, standing posture, facial features, everything. It was a nice way to pass the time, and recently, it had become something more. She began to sneak glances at her fellow maids as they relieved themselves: not for science, but…pleasure. There was something oddly titillating about watching one of the maids’ visibly bloated bladders deflate as they were finally able to rid themselves of their ponderous burden. Their moans of relief…Susanne could listen to them all day.

Once the Madame Mulberry deemed her space in order, she turned and took a seat at her desk across from Susanne, smoothing down the hem of her robes and shaking the young maid out of her risqué reverie. The girl swallowed hard, despite Madame Mulberry’s relaxed demeanor, not quite sure if she should initiate the conversation. Madame Mulberry could feel Susanne’s discomfort, and she opted to let the silence continue for a few moments more, smiling gently to herself. Just as Susanne felt nearly light-headed with anxiety, Madame Mulberry cleared her throat.

“So, Susanne, dear… Do you feel better?”

The question was so innocent, so genuine, that Susanne was caught off guard. It wasn’t like Madame Mulberry to be so…amicable. Then again, she had just spared Susanne the humiliation of wetting her panties and whatever repercussions may have followed, so it was only right that some gratitude may be in order.

“Y-yes, Madame Mulberry, I do, thank you.”

Madame Mulberry nodded. “I’m glad I could help, dear. You’re quite special to me, you know. I want you to be happy here.”

Susanne looked up, a brief look of confusion crossing her face. “Madame?”

Madame Mulberry leaned forward, steepling her fingers and peering at Susanne. “Quid pro quo, Susanne. Do you know what that means?”

“It’s Latin. A phrase meaning ‘something for something’. An exchange.” Susanne replied automatically, her bookish nature taking over for a moment.

Madame Mulberry smiled and nodded. “That’s correct. I have provided you a service. I saved you the shame of soaking your clothes, and the obligation to face the consequences of such a lack of control. I was happy to do it, of course. All I ask is that you do something for me in return.” She murmured, a grin spreading across her face.

Susanne forced herself to look into Madame Mulberry’s eyes, shivering under their cold stare. “O-of course, Madame…What is it you would like me to do?”

Madame Mulberry prolonged the pretense by removing her glasses and brushing an errant strand of raven hair from her eyes. “As you can imagine, this operation…everything that happens in this mansion…It can be…difficult to maintain. We have some very odd precepts, some that more close-minded individuals may deem “perverse”. But you’re not a close-minded individual, are you Susanne?”

The statement was prim enough, but Susanne could hear the threat underneath it plain as day, as if daring her to say otherwise. She fervently shook her head. “N-no, Madame, certainly not.”

Madame Mulberry’s smile persisted. “Of course not, dear. Now, I have been watching you for some time, and I can’t help but notice how you always seem to opt for the chamber ladies rather than a chamber pot. Even this morning, you chose to wait in line rather than get immediate relief.”

Susanne felt her blood turning to ice, not sure where this conversation was headed.

Madame Mulberry leaned forward a slight bit more. “All I ask is that you continue doing what you have been doing; keeping a close eye on your fellow maids’ relief habits.” She said simply. “Make sure everyone is keeping their noses clean, if you will. You have a particular proclivity for observation, Susanne…You might be more adept at, ah… “catching someone with their pants down” than I am, especially considering I’m much too busy during the day to monitor everything you all are doing. I want you to be my eyes and ears with them…Especially with young Gloria. We both know how she has a bit of a rebellious streak that can be counterproductive to an efficient work environment here.”

Susanne was quiet. Madame Mulberry wanted her to…spy on the other maids? She already felt squeamish, seeing as she already was sort of held in suspicion by the other girls for being one of Madame Mulberry’s stooges. Come to think of it, Gloria was one of the few who even deigned to talk to her on occasion. On the other hand, it wasn’t like she could outright refuse, was it? Madame Mulberry had a funny way of making even her requests sound like orders. And so, Susanne nodded meekly, agreeing to fulfill the woman’s desire. Madame Mulberry beamed. “Excellent. I knew I could depend on you, Susanne. Like I said, you’re one of my favorites. And you’ll learn, it can be…beneficial, being one of my favorites.” She said mysteriously, her grin not changing in the slightest.

Susanne only nodded once more, anxious to leave this uncomfortable situation and get back to her comrades, and she had a feeling that Madame Mulberry could sense this. The woman leaned back, still smiling. “That is all, Susanne. You may go.” The raven-haired maid nodded gently and tried not to stand too quickly and appear rude. As she approached the door, Madame Mulberry called her name.

“Susanne, dear…Is there, anything you’d like to tell me now? Any…insubordinate activity?” She asked.

Susanne turned to the woman, and was surprised to see that despite the pleasant smile, Madame Mulberry’s gaze had become even more piercing. Susanne’s mind flashed back to the impromptu “plant-watering” that had taken place in the greenhouses today, and how she’d considered following suit.

“No, Madame…Nothing comes to mind.” She said carefully, forcing herself to continue to hold Madame Mulberry’s gaze. The two sat staring at each other for a couple more seconds before Madame Mulberry broke the stare, putting her glasses back on. “Well, just keep your eyes peeled, dear.” She said in a soft tone, smiling up at Susanne, who nodded and hurried out of the office and back towards the dining hall.

*045*2019-03-12 17:20

{{On 12/2/2018 at 2:50 PM, Omo luna said:

So when will this be continued

}}

Soon.

