Jungle Pains (League of Legends)

Author: disturbed0469

*000*2014-03-03 02:22

A/N: A fic I conjured up while extremely bored one day. I tried to keep it as short as possible, but before I knew it it was already this long. D: I also tried to make this as "user friendly" as possible for the readers that aren't familiar with the game and how it is played.

Jungle Pains

Being the jungler had its perks and cons.

Bright side was she had the freedom to roam around the arena and engage the enemy from their back or sides whenever she wanted. The bad side was she took a lot of damage, scrapes, bruises, etc. The beginnings of the matches were always the worst when it came to injuries.

Not that Vi was afraid to get hurt. Contrary, she loved a fight.

The thing she hated, however, was how weak she was at the beginning of these matches. The enemies that occupied the jungle, people referred to them as creeps, consisted of wolves, wraiths, and golems. They were all easy enough to kill, but early game she struggled to bring them down, and it didn’t help that she took massive injuries due to her lack of gear.

One thing she heavily relied on to keep her alive and punching were healing potions. Lots, and lots of potions.

They tasted like watered down cough medicine, and to get the full benefit of their healing properties Vi had to drink the entire vial. They looked small enough, but it took her three large mouthfuls to finish one. Needless to say, downing her usual five at the beginning of the game filled her belly.

Until she got stronger and bought better gear for battle, the potions were cheap and what kept her going in the jungle.

As she punched at a rock golem twice her size, she grew irritable as she felt the potions sloshing in her stomach.

She hated the feeling.

Return to base.

Vi rolled her eyes. She wasn’t too badly hurt. She could push farther into the jungle and get rid of more creeps, but she was forced to follow the command.

The way the League worked, there were champions, people like Vi, and then there were the summoners. League was one giant interactive chess game. Vi and other champions were the chess pieces. They were breathing, living, and bleeding chess pieces. The summoners were the people moving said chess pieces. They had means to oversee the arena, their team’s champions, and their own.

Return to base Vi did via a neat recall teleport. It was a channeled spell, it took several seconds, but it was the easiest way to return to base without having to run all the way back.

The pink haired woman found herself standing in the middle of the base fountain. Or so it was called. To Vi it just looked like a small platform. Nonetheless, the platform and the small stairs leading to it contained a magical healing property so long as Vi and the rest of her team stood on it. If a member of the opposite team stepped on it, well that was a different story.

Scratches, bites, and other wounds Vi suffered at the hands of the jungle creeps swiftly healed and mended and her energy returned.

Bottom lane needs help.

Vi sighed.

She could already tell her summoner was new at league. Far too often they didn’t know what to do with her.

As Vi took the long walk to bottom lane she couldn’t drown out the loud announcer that announced every death in the game. So far her team suffered two casualties. But in League, when a champion “died” they were resuscitated at the fountain after a time penalty. The more minutes pass, the longer the time penalty.

By the time Vi arrived to the edge of the bottom lane’s defense (all three lanes in the arena had three towers that served as a team’s defense) her two teammates defending were at the brink of death. Upon Vi’s arrive, they nodded their thanks and retreated to safety.

A smile crept on Vi’s tattooed face. The enemy marksman and his support were too busy attacking the tower to notice her arrival.

Vi charged her gauntlet.

Vi’s weapon of choice were these two massive, metallic gauntlets she looted and modified since she was a child. They were powered by hextech, magic technology, and allowed her to punch through just about anything. Her gauntlet let off a hiss to signal it was fully charged and ready to wreck someone’s face.

Her knees bent slightly, then she pushed herself off the ground, out of the bushes she was previously hiding in, and charged right into the enemy marksman and her gauntlet caught him in the face.

Vi heard a satisfying crunch and the force of her blow literally lifted the marksman an inch off the ground.

She forgot about the enemy support champion.

The moment she turned, a bright, glowing shield pummeled her in the face. The force of the blow stunned her for a moment; her vision became cloudy and fuzzy.

As Vi struggled to overcome the blow, she bit back a cry of pain when she felt the marksman take pot shots at her. Most of his shots were missing her, but the few that caught her hurt.

She wasn’t going to win this fight.

Attack the marksman.

Vi mentally cursed. Her summoner was a newbie alright. She quickly drained another vial of a healing potion and charged.

She nailed the marksman in the chest this time. She added a jab to his gut for good measure, and was about to deliver the final punch when she suddenly became face to face with the enemy support again.

Vi opened her mouth to curse at the woman, but she received another stunning blow of the armored woman’s shield.

Flash away, now!

Obeying the command, Vi turned and used another nifty summoner spell: flash. It allowed anyone that used it to travel a short distance in the blind of an eye. It was best used to either close or gain distance.

Thankfully, the shield lady, Vi couldn’t remember her name, and the marksman couldn’t catch up to her thanks to the tower that was now targeting them.

Vi hoped the summoner would command her to return to base and heal, those stunning blows made her feel too light headed. Unfortunately, she was told to drink another set of potions and continue into her jungle.

After clearing two enemy jungle camps, Vi leaned down on her knees to catch her breath. She was exhausted. She drank her final potion and was finally able to return to base. She swore if she drank any more potions she was going to puke them up, her stomach was so full.

Back in base she finally got some better gear to help her attacks become more efficient. Sadly, she didn’t have enough to get any armor. Therefore, she was stocked with more potions.

Her usual jungle routine began. She cleared a creep camp or two then traveled to one of the three lanes. She still took a lot of damage from the creeps, and her summoner clearly wanted her with as little injuries as possible, so she was forced to drink the potions as if it was going out of style.

The enemy team was always one step ahead of her, though. Every time Vi hid in a bush, awaiting to gang up against the enemy, they seemed to know she was there and would scurry away.

Three times it happened. Three!

In frustration, Vi took her anger out on the jungle creeps.

Her team continued to suffer heavy casualties. By the time she arrived it was too late to save her teammates. Although that left the enemy champions weak, she could never catch up to them.

The enemy team was toying with them, however. Vi could tell.

After killing off a champion, the enemy always retreated to their base. They never pushed to attack the towers. Even when Vi’s team gathered together to increase their odds of winning battles, they always retreated after they got their share of some kills.

This was going to be a very long game.

The thought brought an ache to Vi’s bladder and she cursed aloud for it. She truly hated the healing potions. If you drank enough of them, they seemed to go straight through your body. And Vi drank so many to stay alive she lost count.

Ignoring the pain, Vi traveled to her jungle again. While her team grouped together to attack the middle lane, that gave Vi some breathing room to kill the jungle camps for more money. Without any kills or assists, it was vital she get better gear.

Vi knew the game was taking too long every time her bladder ached. The pain came in waves ever few minutes. It didn’t affect her fighting capabilities, but it made it unpleasant and distracting.

It didn’t help when she took several blows to the stomach either.

During a team scuffle, Vi caught a massive lamp post an enemy champ was fond of using as a weapon to her gut. The blow was paralyzing and brought her to her knees. She nearly retched.

Spurt.

Nevermind, Vi thought, it seemed like she would just piss herself. She preferred if she just became sick in the river.

Another blow from the lamp post threw her into the river. She struggled to stand, but there was a heavy weight on her back that kept her submerged under the surface of the water.

She mentally cursed.

In a panic, Vi was involuntarily swallowing the water that rushed into her mouth. Before she could inhale the water, the burden on her back vanished and someone was pulling her up.

Coughing and taking beautiful deep breathes of precious air, Vi noticed the bodies that surrounded her and two other teammates.

They finally won a battle.

Vi grinned and gave her teammate a giant thumbs up and helped them attack and take down an enemy tower.

The near death experience took her mind off her now achingly full bladder, but it didn’t last.

The next battle was difficult and it wasn’t solely because the enemy team was better equipped. It was difficult for Vi to keep her legs apart to balance herself as she punched. It was also difficult to keep herself from leaking.

Even though she was able to afford some better armor to protect herself from the enemy attacks, her summoner still forced her to down vial after vials of elixirs and regular healing potions.

What was worse, the enemy team continued to make the game last as long as possible.

Long games, and after drinking at least a dozen potions have happened to Vi before, so there were times when she was fighting her bladder just as much as enemy champions. But never has it been this bad.

Her lower abdomen ached all the time now and she couldn’t ignore it.

She thought about using the privacy of her jungle to take care of her need, but how could she go about doing that with the summoner in control of her body?

There was the option to just let go of her burden in her pants, but no way was Vi going to piss herself like a little girl. She was a grown woman, a police officer of the peace for Piltover, and a hardened fighter thanks to her experiences of growing up on the streets alone, when she was that gang, and when she quit the gang to become a vigilante.

Vi would not wet herself.

Hopping in place, but making it look like it was just part of her fighting style, Vi remained hidden in the bushes for the planned ambush the other summoners conjured up. There truly has never been a time when Vi was this desperate for a pee.

Movement behind her distracted her for a moment, and their plan for an ambush was reversed. The movement revealed four members of the enemy team and they swiftly rushed Vi.

Her gauntlets and armor protected her from the nastiest of the enemy attacks, but the constant movement irritated her full bladder. Instead of keeping her legs shoulder width apart, she kept them tightly pressed together and she paid dearly for it.

She couldn’t catch her balance every time a hit sent her jarring back or she couldn’t put as much strength into her punches and jabs.

We need help!

If Vi wasn’t in the middle of a battle, and if she wasn’t struggling to contain the flood of pent up urine, she would’ve rolled her eyes. The rest of her team were divided, most dead and in the process of respawning.

Help won’t come.

The stress and pain of the blows was taking its toll. Vi was able to take a lot of abuse, but there was no way she could kill any of her attackers. Thankfully, her summoner was able to use cleaver means to evade the enemies, and they didn’t care to chase her to finish her off.

Vi wished they would’ve chased and killed her.

When a champion is “killed” they are actually just knocked unconscious. If she was knocked out, would her body just give in and void her bladder’s contents? Not that anyone would know.

Vi shook her head. She wouldn’t piss herself. She was stronger than that. Maybe the other female champions would do that, they probably have done it. The thought reminded her of the many times she’s noticed so many of the female champions rushing to the showers after league games.

She wouldn’t be one of those women. She could hold it.

With the enemy retreating, and most of her own teammates healing and respawning, Vi was commanded to continue clearing out jungle camps. Every punch she threw brought more pain from her lower body.

Just like she had in the battle earlier, she kept her legs tightly pressed together. The pain was becoming unbearable now and the match showed no end. She wished she could call in a vote for surrender, but only summoners had that option.

Please surrender so I can pee, Vi thought.

Her steps to the next camp were small but rushed. During the short scuffle, a golem placed a well-aimed punch to her stomach.

Vi cried out and quickly doubled over, her legs tightly pressed together. But it was too late; she couldn’t stop the rush of liquid that shot out of her. With all of her strength, she stopped the flow, but enough poured out dampen the crotch of her pants. Thankfully, her armor and the dark color of her pants didn’t make her accident noticeable.

Stopping herself mid flow was painful beyond words, and now she didn’t care for the match, all she wanted was to relieve herself. But how would she go about it?

As if to answer her pleas, she noticed something different about her summoner. While Vi was ordered to clear out more jungle camps, her summoner was communicating with the others. Giving warnings and watching over the enemy movements. That means Vi had some time to herself and she aimed to take advantage of it.

For a moment she feared moving from her bent over position for fear of another leak, but she forced her tired muscles to hold back.

Her next order was to clear out a small camp that had only one enemy and was conveniently located in a solitary corner of the jungle. Vi had never punched a creep so hard or so fast before. Once the wraith fell dead by her feet, and making sure her summoner was elsewhere, Vi hide herself in the corner.

Dread filled her as she realized she couldn’t work to pull her pants down for two reasons. One, her massive gauntlets, and two the armor she wore kept the top of her pants in place.

Tears wet the corners of her eyes; she needed to pee and now. She wouldn’t have this opportunity later. And her bladder hurt too much to hold on any longer.

She quickly, and carefully, removed her beloved gauntlets and placed them on the floor, far away from her possible splash range.

Her now free hands expertly reached for the back of her breastplate and unhinged the bottom just so she could pull at the top of her pants down. The leg armor she had strapped to her thighs prevented her from pulling her pants past mid-thigh, but the material of her pants stretched, so she was able to get them down far enough so she wouldn’t wet them.

Finally, Vi sighed.

The thick stream of pee erupted from her before she was in a full squat and she nearly hit her shoes. She didn’t care to maneuver her feet farther away, she was in too much bliss to finally let go. The power of her stream, and the loudness of her usual hiss, demonstrated just how much her bladder had been painfully stretched. The pleasure of her relief nearly brought her to close her eyes, but she didn’t want to risk getting walked in on.

There was a rustle of the bushes nearby.

Too concerned about being caught in a corner with her pants down, Vi had the newfound strength to stop peeing, yank her pants up, and had her gauntlets on in the blink of an eye.

Her bladder was far from empty, and it gave another ache as if to complain about its interruption for relief.

It was the enemy.

They emerged from the bushes and seemed to be heading to the center entrance to Vi’s base. She wanted to just let them pass her by, they weren’t even aware of her presence, and finish her well needed pee. But she knew her summoners attention was back on her.

They’re heading mid from our jungle. Attack them, I’ll come in from the back.

Vi pressed her thighs together one final time before she charged ahead.

They barely won that battle. Vi was once again near death, but she was forced to drink the potions she hated so much right now. Despite the small amount of pee she was able to let out earlier, she was in no hurry to stretch her bladder again.

Her team did their best to gain more ground before the enemy team were back in action. But they didn’t push for another battle, they just defended. Sadly, her team didn’t want to risk pushing either. So they both sat at a stalemate. Vi returned to her jungle, and she gave a longing look at her corner as she passed it by.

It seemed that the rest of the potions, and even river water she swallowed earlier, pushed their way into the little room her bladder had to offer. Her steps became painful again as her lower abdomen pulsated.

The game continued to drag to the point of tears due to boredom. And for other pains, for Vi.

The match has reached over an hour of duration. Finally, it seemed like the enemy team tired of dragging the game. They became more aggressive, and were engaging in a lot more team fights.

As usual, Vi took a lot of blows to her abdomen. Even with her breastplate, the impact of the hits sent painful vibrations to her bladder. She kept her legs tight together, but it didn’t help.

Her mind was too focused on not wetting herself in front of everyone and not on the fight. Before she knew it, her entire team fell. Being the sole survivor, Vi awaited her death. Maybe then she could finally fully empty herself without anyone noticing.

Flash away.

Angry with her summoners persistence on her survival, Vi couldn’t do anything but obey.

She escaped the clutches of the enemy, and they didn’t care to hunt her down. They had the game won if they pushed the base now.

The end was finally near. Her summoner knew she couldn’t do anything against the entire team. Vi wasn’t given any order to return to base. It was safe to assume her summoner was focused on the enemy as they reigned into their base and set to attacking the nexus, their ultimate building they had to defend.

Exhausted, Vi fell onto her knees and leaned forward, her things pressed together. Her armor pushed back at her bladder, the pain brought tears to her eyes. She was so tired, she wondered if she would have the strength to wait long enough to rush to the bathrooms once the match ended.

No, she wouldn’t be able to.

After every match, all the champions met with the League’s medical team where they were healed and looked over for any significant injuries. The process took several minutes. Minutes Vi didn’t have to hold on, especially considering the hurt her body had to endure.

Vi cursed when she realized her teams inhibitor (another important building in their base) respawned. The nexus couldn’t be destroyed so long as all inhibitors were up. That would delay the enemy longer to win and none of her teammates had yet respawned.

The pain was too much; the thought of waiting even longer would be too much. Vi wouldn’t have the time to remove her gauntlets and pull her pants down again to pee in her hiding spot.

The inhibitor was down, and the nexus’ final two turrets were down as well, the enemy would win within the minute.

It was now or never.

Vi spread her legs and just let go.

Immediately, relief overwhelmed her. Despite her clothing, the distinct hiss of her pee could still be heard. This time, Vi closed her eyes and her mouth opened in a soft sigh.

From the heat of the battle and in her desperation, all Vi had been able to hear was the loud thudding of her heart in her ears. Now that the adrenaline faded, and her relief grew, quiet settled, except for the sound of liquid hitting the ground.

As the urgency of her bladder passed, realization finally settled into the champion. She was a grown woman, and she was peeing herself. She couldn’t control something so simple as her own bladder. Humiliation brought heat to her cheeks as she continued to let everything go.

The volume that gushed out of her was beginning to create a muddy puddle around her, and it was beginning to seep into her knees. She quickly brought herself up to a squatting position, her stream never tempering off.

How long Vi squatted there, peeing through her pants and onto the dirt, she didn’t know. Or care really. She just wanted everything out of her as quickly as possible. She pushed a little and was rewarded with an even stronger, louder, stream which shot out of the fabric of her pants as if she wasn’t wearing any at all.

Soon, her stream tempered off to a slow trickle and she was finally done. Over an hour of anguish and she could safely say she was relieved.

A loud explosion erupted across the quiet arena as Vi climbed to her feet, most likely the nexus was destroyed. Finally, the enemy won the match.

She really needed a shower.

