Skyrim: Distortion - a desperate tale of time

Author: OmoCommando

*000*2013-10-02 05:37

The Elder Scrolls V

SKYRIM: DISTORTION

The ongoing tale of a young breton girl named Karlie, and her adventures in Skyrim around 4E 201, written by OmoCommando. She connects with characters both new and familiar as she journeys through the land facing threats of various kinds. Karlie has one small problem, though: She is incredibly shy about peeing. Told in the first person, she relates to you the details of her adventure...

The cold, nippy wind blew through again. Where most outsiders would likely complain about the chilly breeze, it was a reminder to locals that all was right with the world. When Skyrim was cold, everything was as it should be. It could make keeping the forge hot a challenge at times though.

“You leave that to me.” Oengul War-Anvil would say. “The forge is like a wild horse that will only heed the call of her master.” Nevertheless, Oengul was not here, and getting the forge to obey my own whims was no easy task. I took the steel out of the hot coals and placed it on the anvil. Raising my hammer high, I carefully, but firmly, struck the hot metal, tempering it into the shape I needed.

Clang! Clang!

You could hear the sound of metal being struck even from the Gray Quarter sometimes. As much as you wanted to say that all is right with Skyrim, Windhelm had grown uncomfortably quiet since Jarl Ulfric declared war against the Empire.

Crack!!!

“Dammit!” I cursed. Thanks to my wandering mind, I managed to smash my would-be blade in half. I was moments away from tossing the hammer at the forge, when a gentle hand is laid upon my shoulder.

“Don’t lose heart, Karlie. Smithing is an art that requires infinite patience.” Said the sweet voice that belonged to the person who laid their hand on me.

“I know, Hermir.” I sighed irritably. “But steel is a whole different category from iron when it comes to constructing a blade.”

“You should try working with orichalcum someday.” Hermir laughed. She gently pushed me aside, took the hammer and grabbed a new rod of steel. “A good sword isn’t something you can fashion in just a few moments.” She said as she placed the hot metal on the anvil. “For it to be strong, sharp, and reliable, you need to work at it for a long time.” Unlike my own hammer strikes, Hermir hit the metal with strong, yet controlled skill. Envy welled up within me like a sickening disease. This girl was a natural. Why can’t my skill be anything like this?

In that moment, she turned and saw my expression of jealousy, making it out for what it was. To my surprise, she smiled. “You’re a clever girl, Karlie. You already handle iron with great ease and I’m sure you will be able to master the smithing of steel quickly.” She stepped back and gestured at the anvil with both hands. “Try again.”

The blade was already half done. I subtly shrugged and picked up the hammer again. This time, I didn’t bring the hammer quite so high. No more than half a meter from the anvil, and I began to carefully strike the hot metal.

Within an hour, I had a well-shaped sword of steel. “Now all that’s left is to refine it.” said Hermir. I couldn’t hide the enthusiastic smile on my face. For the first time, I managed to create a steel sword. I walked over to the grindstone, sat down and began to sharpen the blade. With the same precision, I gently placed the blade upon the surface of the stone and pressed down on the pedal. Sparks flew as the stone wheel turned, refining the blade into a weapon of beauty. Once I had it honed in the manner I needed it to be, Hermir handed me a strip of leather. “Now make your hilt and you’re done!”

###

Satisfaction filled my heart as I looked upon the sword I had made. I twirled it around in my hand, swung it a few times and then held it high. Finally, work I could be proud of. “Hermir, thank you so much for your patience and support.”

The woman nodded. “Even Oengul had to start somewhere. We all did. This isn’t a skill that develops overnight. As you know, I’ve been doing this since I was just a girl and I know I still have a lot to learn.”

I gazed at the polished blade once again. I could still hardly believe that this fine weapon was crafted by my hands... well, with a little help from Hermir. “Well we’ve been friends for a long time,” I said, “And your guidance has been appreciated greatly.”

“You’ve helped me a great deal as well, Karlie!” she responded. “Where my skill is at the forge, your skill is in combat. You’ve taught me some impressive tricks.” I smiled. Hermir had been such a good friend and a wonderful teacher. I walked up and gave her a gratuitous hug. As we parted, Hermir’s smile turned into an expression of concern. “So... if I may ask... what do you plan on doing now?”

I looked off to the west. “Well... I’m not entirely sure yet, but I was thinking I might try my luck with the Companions in Whiterun.”

“Karlie... you know that a warrior of your caliber would be invaluable to Ulfric’s cause.” she stated.

“I know. You’ve told me.”

“You have skill in both blade and magic. I have no doubt that Skyrim will benefit from your help.”

I sighed. I’ve held this opinion back for a long time. And Hermir has always been such a loyal follower of Jarl Ulfric. He was a hero to her. What I was about to say, would probably damage our friendship permanently. “Hermir, I don’t completely support Ulfric’s rebellion.”

As I expected, she gave a look of both astonishment and pain. “What are you talking about!?”

“Look, I don’t agree with what a lot of the Empire has done. There’s no reason we shouldn’t be able to worship Talos and I highly doubt the Thalmor have Skyrim’s best interests at heart. But...” I gave Hermir a very stern look. “Look at what’s going on here in Windhelm! Look as the dunmer are bullied by the citizens while guards look the other way! As argonians are forced to live outside of the city walls just because they aren’t nords! Ulfric intends for Skyrim to be a land for nords and nords alone! I won’t support a high king who discriminates so unjustly!”

“He’s fighting a war! He’s trying his best to govern affairs in Eastmarch but there is only so much one man can do!”

“He has Brunwulf and Jorleif to help him. There is no sound reason for this prejudice to continue.”

Hermir’s expression turned into one of anger. “And so for this, you would let our entire nation die!?”

“I doubt I’d be the cornerstone in the war.”

“I thought I knew you better than this, Karlie!”

“Please, Hermir!” I tried to console her, “I don’t plan on supporting the Empire either, it’s just that-”

“You might as well!” She turned and resumed her work in the forge.

“Hermir...”

She wouldn’t listen. In her mind, you were either with or against the Stormcloaks. No in-betweens.

“Just go.” She said.

It hurt immensely. Having to part for reasons such as this. Politics... sometimes I swear that the only reason they exist is to end friendships. There was nothing left to be said. I turned and headed for the main gate.

###

I saddled up with my gear onto my newly-purchased horse. Sleeping mat, some preserved food, a canteen of fresh water, some healing potions and a few extra clothes. I decided it would be easiest to wear my armor while riding. A nice set of tanned leather armor, gloves and boots. I was as ready as I could hope to be.

“Leaving just like that, eh, breton?”

I knew that voice. Rolff Stone-Fist. Also known as the “resident racist.” As far as he was concerned, if you weren’t a nord, you might as well be a daedra, for you had no place in his world. He moved into the path of my horse

“I’m in no mood for your bigotry, Rolff.” I said as I got atop my steed. “Stand aside.”

“Rumor has it you’re off to join the Imperial Legion.” He said in a sly tone.

“If you have faith in rumors, you’re a bigger idiot than I gave you credit for.”

“I knew you were a spy! I should kill you right here!”

“The guards would be on you in seconds.”

“No one’s going to miss a breton traitor!”

I growled. “Go pick a fight with a saber cat! You’ll have a better chance of surviving!” With that, I motioned my horse forward. “Ya!” We took off in a hurried jolt, knocking that fool to the ground on our way out. I headed west, towards the city of Whiterun.

I came upon Anga’s Mill, owned by a woman named Aeri. I met Aeri when I was first on my way to Windhelm. I had been wounded by a bear attack, and she was nice enough to help me and tend to my wounds. A good woman, but could stand to be a little more lenient to her workers. Figured I could at least say “goodbye”.

“Karlie! It’s good to see you again!” She greeted me.

“I’m glad to see you again as well, Aeri.” We embraced platonically. It had been over a week since we last saw each other.

“Where are you headed with all that gear?” She said as she looked at my horse.

“Whiterun.” I replied. “I’ve decided to try and join the Companions, but I wanted to say ‘goodbye’ to some old friends first.”

“Kodrir and Leifur are right inside. Come have a drink with us!”

I smiled. “All right.” Tying my horse to the fence, I walked into the house with Aeri. Sure enough, there was Kodrir and Leifur, getting full off of some good nord mead.

“Karlie!” They both shouted ecstatically. “How have ya been, girl?”

“Just fine. I’ve missed the two of you!”

Leifur grabbed a tankard and began pouring some mead into it. “Drink up, my friend. Tonight is a night of good spirits!”

“I’m afraid I can’t stay long, but I’ll have a drink with you guys!”

To be totally honest, mead is not my favorite drink. I have no idea how the nords drink it such large quantities. Too sweet. I prefer a good ale personally. Far be it from me to turn down the hospitality of such good people though. I took the tankard and drank from it with gratitude.

“So why the Companions?” Aeri asked.

“I think that such an organization is better suited to my talents.” I replied.

“I thought you were a mage.” Leifur said.

“Um... ‘spellsword’ would probably be a more appropriate term.” I corrected him. “I know how to use some spells, but I do not share the mages’ desire to learn about the ‘mysteries of Aetherius’ or any of that nonsense.”

“Not totally a mage, but not totally a warrior...” Kodrir mused. “Got any stealth skills as well?”

I grinned. “I don’t pick pockets, if that’s what you mean.”

“I think it’s the perfect job for someone like you, Karlie.” Aeri said. “You have a lot of skills to offer the Companions.”

“The gold doesn’t hurt either.” I said, raising my cup. We all took a big drink, completely emptying our tankards, then slamming them down on the table with an emphatic, satisfied sigh.

“So...” Kodrir started, “What has everyone heard about that attack on Helgen?”

“Sounds terrifying.” Aeri responded. “The leading rumor is that a dragon attacked.”

“Witches are known to be in that area as well. Might have been one of them doing their little tricks.” Leifur added. “What do you think, Karlie?”

I didn’t know how to answer. I thought about it, then decided an honest answer was best. “I was at Helgen when that happened, actually.”

“What!?” Everyone looked at me with wide eyes.

“Yeah... I got caught in a skirmish between the Stormcloaks and the Empire. One of the Legion’s soldiers thought I was a rebel and wouldn’t listen to reason. I had to kill him.”

“One less Imperial.” Leifur chuckled.

“Well, suffice it to say, his buddies didn’t like that and I got captured. We were all take to Helgen for execution. But before my sentence could be carried out, a huge black dragon attacked. Burned down the whole area.”

“How did you escape?” Aeri asked.

“A man named Ralof. He was one of the Stormcloaks, but we managed to work together and get out of there.”

“What were you doing out there in the first place?” asked Kodrir.

“I was heading back to Windhelm after a job.” I answered. “That’s probably why they thought I was a rebel.”

“It’s a wonder you got out of there at all.” Aeri remarked. “Between the Imperials and the dragon.”

“I can still hardly believe it’s true... that a dragon appeared in Skyrim.” said Leifur.

“Well I’ve enjoyed the drink,” I said, “but I want to get to Whiterun before it gets too dark.”

“All right,” said Aeri, “It was good seeing you again, Karlie.”

“Don’t forget about us!” Kodrir yelled, raising his tankard high.

“I’ll visit. Don’t worry!” I rose from my seat, belly full of mead. Arrival at Whiterun was likely going to be entertaining. At least the horse wasn’t drunk. I stepped back outside and prepared my horse. I hopped on and then took one last look at my friends. “I’m gonna miss you guys.” They waved farewell, as I did the same. The sun was setting, Skyrim’s skies turning pink and orange and altering the colors of the landscape accordingly. It was time to go. If there’s one thing you learn in my time in this land, don’t be out after dark...

###

On a slow trot, I scaled the path that encircled the mountain. There, past the cliff, the tall building known as Dragonsreach came into view. Whiterun was finally within reach. Down the path, across the bridge, and past the local meadery. There I was at the gates of Whiterun. Took nearly the half the day, but I made it.

“Whoa girl!” I slow my horse to a halt. Quickly hoping off, I lead her over to the nearby stables. A man walks up to us, and without a word leads my steed into one of the stalls. That’s service for you.

I wasted no time. I hurried up the path to the front gate eager to begin my career with the most esteemed warriors in the land.

“Halt!”

I halted. One of the guards at the gate approached me, his suspicious gaze piercing through the face of his helmet and going right to me. “Is there a problem?”

“City’s closed due to the dragon’s about. What business do you have here?”

“I seek to join the Companions.”

“The Companions? You? Wahahahaha!!!” The man broke out in laughter. He keeps it up and I’ll break him. “You’d be like a butter knife in a room full of greatswords! How old are you anyway?”

“I don’t think my age reflects on my skill in battle.”

“Fine, have it your way, princess!” He chuckled. “Guess Skjor will just have to break the bad news to you himself.”

There was nothing left to say to a man like this. I considered running him through with my sword, burning his head inside his helmet, and freezing off his testicles, but that would likely ruin any chance of joining the Companions. So the best thing to do was to simply shatter the fool’s preconceptions of me and get accepted. And so, I opened the gate.

I have to say, even though Whiterun seems smaller than Windhelm, it is a much more lively town. Not because there were more people in it, but because she was untouched by the war. You could feel it emanating off of the people; there were no Stormcloaks and no Empire. At last I could just forget about-

“You’re a dirty traitor, Gray-Mane! Just get out of Whiterun and head to Windhelm where you can be with your Stormcloak buddies!”

“I’m the traitor!? You’re the one who’s willing to sell your homeland to the elves!”

I just know it. The gods are laughing at me right now. All of them. It’s a sick joke they play. Regardless, it looks like the civil war manifests itself in one way or another in every part of Skyrim. I think the best thing to do is just try and avoid-

“You there! Girl! Gray-Mane or Battle-Born?”

Screw the gods. They hate me and now I hate them.

“What?” I asked.

“You heard me!” the man repeated. “Gray-Mane, or Battle-Born?”

“I honestly have no idea what you’re talking about.”

He sighs irritably. “Then let me reiterate for you since you obviously fell asleep in school! There are two prominent families in Whiterun: Gray-Manes and Battle-Borns. The Battle-Borns are loyal to the Empire and Skyrim where the Gray-Manes back the Stormcloaks! You’re with one or the other, which is it?”

Thick-headed imbecile. “I support no one. I walk my own path without needing to select sides.”

The man grunted as he shook his head, his long, dirty golden hair shaking with each motion. “Then you ain’t gonna survive long here in Skyrim. You either join one side, or get crushed by both!”

“We’ll see.”

The quarreling men went separate ways from each other. It amazes me really. How can people be this black-and-white on matters? Hermir didn’t surprise me, she’s been like that for as long as I’ve known her. But for her it’s more a case of blind hero worship. This? I don’t even know what to call this. “Idiocy” comes to mind.

Without any further interruptions or divine practical jokes, I made my way to Jorrvaskr, mead hall of the Companions and the oldest building in Whiterun. Eagerly, I stepped in their doors.

###

It was as the troubadours described it. A large central fire pit, surrounded by a large table covered in food and bottles of mead. On the walls were trophies and retired weapons of war. Truly an awe-inspiring sight.

I was immediately greeted by a tall nord woman with long auburn hair and a sexy set of armor reminiscent of that which was worn by ancient nords. Her most striking feature, however, was the three streaks of paint along her face that resembled claw marks.

“Who are you?” She asked sternly.

“Karlie. I seek to join the Companions.”

“Really?” the woman answered. “And what does a meek girl like you have to offer the Companions?”

“There is much I have to offer. I have great skill and experience in battle, but I am also dutiful and committed to causes I believe in.” I explained. “I believe the Companions are a noble and honorable company of warriors and I’d like to be a part of it.”

“You’re joking, right? You look like you’d crumble under the weight of a mud crab.” Said a man behind me. He was half-bald, wore heavy armor with a wolf emblem and had a scarred eye.

“Karlie, meet Skjor.” the woman said. “I am Aela the Huntress, and while Skjor’s analogy may be crude, it is accurate. You do not appear to be the most... physically capable of warriors.”

“That is because I have invested my skill in warfare beyond that of the sword.” I answered. “I posses the ability to wield some magics as well. I have proficiency in the arts of destruction, alteration, and restoration.”

“A mage, huh?” Skjor scoffed.

“Not technically.” I corrected him. “I have no desire for ‘higher learning’, I simply seek to compensate for what you call my ‘physical capabilities’.”

Aela laughed, but not in the manner of ridicule. “You’re a resourceful girl, Karlie, I like you. If it were up to me, I’d let you in, but the decision is ultimately Kodlak’s. You will have to speak to him and he shall decide whether you may be permitted to join.”

“Ah, I see.”

Aela looked down at my legs just then. “Are you... okay?”

She must have noticed me moving from side to side. “Yeah, I’m just kind of nervous. I thought I’d be turned away immediately.”

“Hm. Well head downstairs and speak with Kodlak.”

“I will.” Like I would ever admit it in front of a group of people like this, but in truth all that mead from earlier had made it’s way through my body by now. Nature was calling, I was inclined to answer... but not just yet.

I headed down the stairs. The lower floor appeared to be the barracks or living quarters of the Companions. There was a large room with multiple beds, and then four more rooms with a single bed each. At the far end of the hall, two men were conversing. I’d guess the one with the long, white beard was probably Kodlak.

“Um, hello sir.” I greeted him.

“Hello young lady.” He said in a powerful voice. “What can I do for you?”

“You are Kodlak Whitemane? Leader of the Companions?”

He laughed. “‘Harbinger’ is my title, and I am more of an... advisor than a leader, but it is I who decides whether someone is worthy enough to join our ranks or not.” He began to size me up. “Is that what you seek here?”

I nodded. “I do. You are an honorable group of people that I would love to be a part of.”

The other man looked at me with a scowl. “The Companions aren’t accepting new members at the moment.”

“Now hold on, Vilkas. There’s something about this one.” Kodlak said. “I can feel the determination in her heart. You’re very serious on joining, aren’t you?”

“I am.”

“Kodlak, we can’t just take in every pup who wants to be a part of us! We only just recently accepted Ria!”

“Call it a hunch, Vilkas. I believe this one will prove more valuable than you realize. Take her out back and judge her skill.”

Vilkas sighed. “Very well. Come with me, pup.”

You’d think I’d be used to the condescending attitude of the nords by now. I’m not. Been living in Skyrim for years and that superiority complex still gets my dander up.

###

We came out in the rear part of Jorrvaskr, which was a nice wide-open area. Several training dummies, archery targets, and a place for sparring. That was our destination. Vilkas drew that massive sword of his.

“All right then, pup. Let’s see what you can do. Hit me, if you can.”

And so I drew my own sword. I put my right foot back, keeping my sword low.

Vilkas took one look at my stance and raised an eyebrow. “You plan on blocking like that?”

“I don’t plan on blocking at all.” I retorted.

This time, Vilkas raised both eyebrows. “Really? Interesting. Let’s see what you’ve got!” He rushed forward, holding that sword up to his shoulder. He was going to make a large overhead sweep of his blade. If Vilkas was a leading member of the Companions, why would he telegraph his moves so carelessly?

However, as I told him, I had no intention of blocking. As he charged forward, I slipped to the side and watched him barrel by me. He caught his footing almost instantly, though.

“You’re quick on your feet. Good!”

“If that’s your attack strategy, I think this match is over.” I said.

“Just testing you.” Vilkas said with a cocky tone. Taking a more neutral stance that balanced his weight more, he casually approached me. He was not so eager to tell me his plans this time.

Whoosh!

It nearly caught me by surprise. The man could swing that massive sword as if it were straw! With a flurry of strokes and slashes, he came at me, but with grace and ease, I dodged every one of them. He then came at me with a large thrust from his chest, and I had to think quickly. While sidestepping, I parried his blade with my own, leading it to the ground where it hit with a loud clang! I then jumped atop his blade, pinning it, and place the point of my own sword at his neck. The look of astonishment on Vilkas’ face was priceless.

“Okay, so you have some skill.”

Clapping then sounded around us. I failed to notice as others arrived to watch our match.

“Well done, Karlie!” Aela applauded. “It has been some time since I’ve seen someone put Vilkas in his place like that!”

I looked around. The other Companions has expressions of similar sentiments on their faces. Even Skjor. I calmly stepped off of Vilkas’ sword, and he sheathed it with embarrassment.

“Well done, indeed.” Kodlak stepped out. “It’s a common mistake for the experienced to become overconfident in their abilities. A weakness you exploited with ease.”

“Bah! I’ll be inside!” Vilkas stormed off into Jorrvaskr.

“He’ll be fine.” Aela said. “He’s just sore over losing to a new blood.”

“With skill like that, I am anxious to see how you will do in the real world.” Kodlak said.

“Indeed. Cunning like that will go far here.” Aela agreed.

“Am I a Companion?” I asked.

“Nearly.” Skjor said. “Winning a sparring match, even with Vilkas, doesn’t make you honorable. Try this.” He handed me a small parchment.

Needless to say, I’ve been holding it for a while now. Not holding the parchment! Holding “it”. I don’t think any of the others noticed, but by now I was pressing my legs together rather tightly. I might have actually beaten Vilkas a bit faster if I wasn’t concentrating on holding “it”.

I opened the parchment:

###

Companions,

Traveling caravans have brought to our attention a small but strong bandit presence that has been plaguing the roads near the Pale. Between the war and the dragon threat, I can’t spare any of Whiterun’s guards and Jarl Skald refuses to listen to anyone, as usual. There will be a sizable bounty for the warrior(s) who clears this area of the bandit threat.

- Jarl Balgruuf the Greater

###

“Bandits are just cowards who prey on those who can’t defend themselves.” Skjor explained. “Most cower at the sight of a real warrior. Hardly a challenge, but a good way to prove yourself, whelp.”

I nodded. “Very well. I’ll be back once their gone.”

“Good luck, Karlie.” Aela said.

I hurried out with enthusiasm. Though the reason for that enthusiasm isn’t what you think. While I was excited to get accepted into the Companions, there was another matter that needed tending to. A rather private matter. A private matter I would empty into the grass as soon as I was outside of the city gates. As I exited Jorrvaskr, I went down the steps of the Plains’ District when something caught my eye. A squad of guards ran by me in a huge hurry. They were accompanied by another who didn’t seem to be part of the regular guard. A female dunmer. In a moment, they were out the front gate, heading westward.

I made my way further down after leaving the city. Whiterun hold was filled with open plains. Between the stables and farms, there wasn’t a whole lot of privacy for a girl to do her business. Which was sad, because I really have to go! I headed a little further west myself, hoping there would be less people around. Near a small pile of rocks, there was a nice thick bunch of grass. Perfect! I could hide behind that and do what I needed to do. I hoped over the boulder, then loosened my belt.

I reached under my armor, pulling down my undergarments. Why am I explaining all this with exquisite detail? Because it isn’t as simple as you think! Maybe you can appreciate how much of a challenge it actually is to take a leak out in the wilderness! Unless I want to strip down totally naked, I have to... really... wiggle... these... damned... underclothes... out... from... under... this... armor! Finally! By the Divines, why does peeing have to be such a chore!? I squatted down, spread my legs, annnndddd......

“You there!”

I shrieked. I must have sounded like a ten year-old. I quickly yanked my underclothes as far back up as I could, which... unfortunately... resulted in me leaking into them (but only a little bit).

I looked over at who called me. It was that dark elf woman. “I saw you with the Companions earlier. Are you one of them?”

“I-I’m trying to be.” I stuttered, still shaken from being startled.

“Then I would ask that you come with me. We need every abled warrior for this situation.”

“I’d be happy to help but I’m already on a job for the Companions and I-”

“This takes precedence! A dragon was sighted around here and I need anyone who can fight! Even a new Companion could turn the tide!”

I groaned quietly. “All right, I’m coming.” As soon as her back was turned, I refastened my belt, and followed. This was really starting to hurt though... I was just about to pee over there, and as a result, everything in my bladder was sitting right on the edge, just begging to be let loose. “Aaaaaaiiighhh, why can’t you just let me pee!?” I said under my breath.

Then we saw it. The watchtower that stood guard in this area, wrecked and burned. It wasn’t often in life that you saw stones set ablaze. This had to be the work of a dragon. The tower was wrecked. Rubble and bodies were strewn all over with the small of smoke permeating the once-fresh air.

“Why does this have to be now?” I asked myself. I bent over slightly, grabbing the crotch of my armor. This was getting excruciating! Like a fireball was growing within my bladder, steadily getting larger and larger until I couldn’t contain it... all the while burning with pain. “This had better end quickly!”

Just then, a guard emerged from the ruins of the tower. “What are you doing here!?” He shouted. “That thing is still around here! Get out of here!”

A distant, frightening roar pierced the skies. Everyone there, myself included began scanning the sky in horror. We knew what was coming, but we were all hoping we were mistaken. There was still a chance that this could be a few dark mages with a conjuration spell gone awry, couldn’t it?

“By the Eight, it’s coming back!”

No such luck. My heart sank, and fear took its place as a set of massive wings blocked out the stars. The creature grew ever closer, its size constantly growing. How big was this thing? I stepped back, then a few more steps, and I tripped over a piece of rubble, falling backwards. The dragon landed on the edge of the tower, looking down upon all of us. No one dared move.

“Dil thur fen du hin sil ko Sovngarde!” Its booming, ear-shattering voice echoed across the plains. I have no idea what it said, but I never expected a dragon to be able to speak.

“Don’t just stand there! Kill it!” the dark elf woman ordered. Each of the guards drew their bows and readied arrows. They took aim at the mighty beast, and fired. The dragon didn’t even seem fazed by the attacks. And so, I drew my own blade.

I quickly rose from my fallen position, and prepared a firebolt spell. My left hand glowed with a small flame, and as I began to charge my magic, the flame grew brighter. I cast the flame at the beast, and struck it right on the nose. It flinched, but that was it.

“Krif krin... Pruzah!” he bellowed.

Suddenly a lightning bolt struck it in the side and the dragon roared in response. That woman was a spellsword as well! Her free hand surged with bolts of energy as she readied another strike.

The dragon rose back up in the sky. Soaring with grace, it circled around our little party. The lone guard that stood near the tower... the dragon set its sights on him. As it drew closer, a massive burst of flames shot from its mouth, enveloping the man. No one even heard a scream. By the time the flames and smoke cleared, there was nothing left but a smoldering sword.

The dragon then looked at me as it flew by. Instinctively, I began to flee from my position. I took a step

Spurt!

I stopped. As soon as I had relaxed the stance of my legs, my bladder gave way. I... leaked a little into my underclothes again. Could this have been timed any worse? A dragon attacking just as I need to pee. I can’t fight like this! With my blade in one hand, and my... you know what... in the other.

The dragon began to fly towards me, it’s maw opened wide. I saw the flames forming within its jaws, and I crouched down and braced myself. The last joke of the gods, to burn me alive while needing to pee. When I get to the heavens, I had a few things to say...

Another bolt of lightning struck the creature in the face, and its breath of fire sailed right over my head. I felt the edge of the intense heat singe the top of my head. That dark elf woman saved me.

“What’s wrong with you, Companion? Get your nerves together and move!”

Easier said than done! If I moved, I was going to pee all over myself! Though... considering all options... “Get burned alive, or wet myself... I’ll take the latter.” There really was no choice was there? While I was crouched down, and the dragon was occupied with the others, I spread my legs a little, let go of myself and relaxed.

My mouth hung open in relief as I let everything go. I could feel the wet warmth spreading across my crotch, and hear the sound of liquid splattering onto the dirt below me. Dignity be damned. It felt so good, finally being able to let go. As the seconds went by, I just continued to let everything go into my underclothes. A sigh of contentment escaped my lips in the process. All that pain... just being able to relax and let it spill out onto the ground... it was pleasing beyond words.

“What are you doing!?” The woman shouted at me.

I nearly jumped. “I-I’m readying a spell!” I answered. I wasn’t done going, but I had to make it seem like I was doing something. With my free hand, I readied a new spell. An alteration magic called “oakflesh”, which created a magical armor around your body, protecting the caster from harm. Aqua-green energy pulsed around my hand as I charged the spell. There was only one problem: I was still peeing.

I didn’t want to risk looking like a coward. So I stood up... and I cringed as the last of the warm fluid began to run down the insides of my legs and into my boots. “Mara, have mercy.” I moaned. At least the ordeal was over. I sighed again, with both relief and irritation at my predicament.

With the spell charged, I cast Oakflesh upon myself. I then readied an ice spike spell. I charged the energy in my hand, and as the dragon came by for another pass, I cast the spike towards it...

The ice shard pierced the wing of the creature. It roared in agony, and its flight vector became erratic. The dragon struggled to stay airborne, but to no avail. It came crashing down into the ground, and skidding towards me! I dived to the side, just barely avoiding a collision with the beast. With my blade in hand, I got back up and ran towards the creature.

I grimaced. With each step I took, I could feel that warm fluid sloshing around in my boots. The only thing I could do was try to put it out of my mind. I jumped onto the back of the dragon, and crawled towards its head. I held on tightly, as it moved its head back and forth, side to side, in an effort to shake me off. It was worried. As I continued to make my way towards its head, my hand suddenly felt something on the back of its neck. Unlike the rest of the dragon’s hard, scaly body, this part of it was soft and fleshy. A weak point! Without so much as a moment’s hesitation, I plunged my blade into that spot. The dragon thrust its head back, roaring in pain, and throwing me off sending me crashing into the ground. It held that position for a few seconds, before finally collapsing to the ground.

“Did we do it? Did we beat it?” One of the surviving guards asked.

“I believe so.” responded the dark elf woman. She walked over to me, and then helped me up. “I’m glad you found your courage, Companion. Were it not for you, I don’t think many of us would be standing here. You may call me Irileth.”

“Thank you, Irileth.” I answered. “I apologize for my previous inaction. I... never expected to encounter a dragon in my lifetime.”

Irileth nodded. “I understand your hesitation. You wouldn’t be the first to get cold feet in the midst of a battle. Especially in a battle like this.”

Actually my feet were quite warm at the moment. And wet. But no one seemed to notice that my legs were glistening with pee. Thank the gods.

The shock really hadn’t worn off. We all just stared at the scaly corpse of the beast as it lay there. We had beat a dragon, yet none of us had any idea how. Divine intervention? Prodigal skill? Dumb luck? No one could say.

“I will tell the Jarl of your heroism here.” said Irileth. “Stop by Dragonsreach some time and I’m sure he will reward you appropriately. Let’s go, men.” With that, Irileth and the guards, began heading up to the town.

I looked at the dragon corpse again. Something didn’t feel right about it. It’s hard to really put into words, but it didn’t seem completely... dead. Probably just nerves. For right now, it would be in my best interest to get myself washed off. I can see it now. Walking into the Jarl’s hall and him instantly cringing and asking “What is that smell?”

“Oh, I peed myself, but it was necessary to slay the dragon.” Something I’d prefer not to have to explain. I walked over to the stream that was flowing from the sewer gate near Whiterun. As good a place as any to clean up. Seemed secluded enough. Behind the town where no one would really think to look. I began to remove my armor; chest piece, fauld, pauldrons, and the rest. I removed the gloves, and then the boots. Before proceeding any further, I turned the boots upside down, watching yellow liquid pour out of them. I may have to get new ones. After that, I removed my underclothes until I was wearing just my skin. I dipped my hand into the stream, and began to rinse off my legs. If there’s one piece of advice I can give you, if you ever plan on visiting Skyrim.

Don’t. Ever. Pee. In. Your. Pants.

It’s a pain. Look at me, for example. I’m sitting here, stark naked, washing my thighs off with cold-as-hell water, with a chilling breeze blowing across my body. I’m freezing here, and I’m totally miserable. I’m probably going to come down with hypothermia. I realize that it was probably acceptable, given the fact that if I hadn’t decided to go in my underclothes, I’d probably be a pile of ash right now. But still...

Once I was convinced that I had removed the smell of pee from my body, I donned my armor once again. I decided the best thing to do right now was to head back to Jorrvaskr and tell Kodlak of what occurred. I was exhausted. Between fighting that dragon and dealing with the agony of all that desperation... who wouldn’t be?

###

Kodlak, Vilkas, Aela, Skjor, and Farkas all just stared at me. Let’s see if I can match the expressions with an appropriate adjective. Astonishment, bewilderment, awe, confusion, and... derp. Yeah. The best word I can use to describe Farkas’ face is “derp”. I don’t know what else to call it. The man looks thicker than a horker’s hide.

“A dragon?” Vilkas asked. “As in, scales, wings, fire breath?”

“The one and the same.” I answered. “The corpse is out near the western watch tower, and the Whiteun guard can verify if you truly don’t believe me.”

“The Companions are based on honor and integrity.” Kodlak explained. “If I thought you were a liar, I would not have given you the chance to prove yourself. I believe you speak the truth, Karlie.”

“Thank you, Kodlak.”

“It seems our initial judgement of you was... premature.” Skjor commented. “I had heard dragons were returning to Skyrim, but I never thought a new blood would slay one.”

“So, about that bandit job...” I asked.

“I think we forego that as your initiation rite.” Kodlak laughed. “But the job is still there if you want some extra coin. Best grab it before someone else does.”

“Right now, I’d simply love to sleep.” I sighed.

“Understandable.” replied Kodlak. “Go on down and get yourself some rest. You’ve earned it.”

The first thing I did was collapse in a chair next to the fire. I grabbed a honey nut treat and began munching. After sitting out in that air naked, rubbing freezing water over myself, it felt so good to sit by the fire like this, munch on some sweets, drink some ale, and before I knew it, I was passed out where I sat...

More to come later

*009*2013-10-05 18:35

Personally, I loved Skyrim and Oblivion both equally, but the Skyrim continuity was what I wanted to work with here. Both games have their strong and weak points but neither was without its glitches. I can't condemn Skyrim for that alone.

(Part two is just about finished)

*016*2013-10-06 20:35

To be fair, there's a difference between exploiting a glitch, and just flat out farming :x

*020*2013-10-07 06:46

ANYWAY! Before we get too swept up in this discussion...

No omorashi is present in this particular part, as it is more intended to set up the parameters for the main storyline.

Part 2:

“Hey new blood! Get up!”

I awoke with a start. Skjor’s grim visage would have startled anyone though.

“We’re moving up your initiation. Something has come up that demands the Companions’ immediate attention.”

“What is it?” I asked.

“A scholar claims to have found the location of a fragment of Wuuthrad.”

“What’s that?”

Skjor crossed his arms and gave me an irritated look. “It’s a relic that’s an integral part of the Companions’ history; the axe that was wielded by Ysgramor himself. I guess I shouldn’t be surprised that you haven’t heard of it, not being a nord yourself.”

I ignored the “not a nord” remark. “So what do I have to do with this?”

“If this scholar is right, then the honor of the Companions demands we retrieve the fragment. Which is a great opportunity for you.”

“How so?”

“You’re going to retrieve it. Aela has offered to accompany you, and she will judge your worthiness in combat.”

My eyes widened. Aela didn’t strike me as the type of person who would jump on the chance to help a “new blood”. More than that, I was amazed that I would be entrusted to undergoing such an important task.

Skjor looked at me and raised an eyebrow as if he knew what I was thinking. “Don’t let it go to your head, whelp. This isn’t some quest for ultimate glory. You’re just retrieving a fragment that carries importance to our history while proving your honor to us in the process.”

“I understand.”

“Try not to get Aela killed.” he scoffed.

“Aela is undoubtedly a terrific warrior.” I retorted. “If she dies, it is her own fault, not mine.”

Skjor made just the slightest smirk. “Good point.” He uncrossed his arms and walked over to the other side of the central table. “Aela’s getting geared up at Adrianne’s forge. Meet her there when you’re ready.”

I have to say, it still astounded me how the events of the previous day led to such quick advancement here. Even skeptics like Skjor were beginning to warm up to me. Was it luck? Fate? Who knew? I fastened my belt and headed out the doors.

I squinted as the light of the sun beat onto my eyes. Clear days in Skyrim were weird. You had the warmth of the sun on you, while still getting assaulted by the cold winds. And so, your body doesn’t know whether it should be cold or hot, constantly switching between the two. How the hell do nords put up with this?

Regardless of the problems of my body temperature, I shouldn’t keep Aela waiting. I started down the steps when...

“You! You have come to hear the words of Talos?” A robed monk shouted at me.

“Um... no, I’m sorry.” I answered.

“Your presence here is no coincidence, I can feel it!” He yelled. “Even if you had not intended it, the mighty Talos has led you here to me!”

“Brother,” I sighed “I assure you, the reason I’m here-”

“Is because you are to be the instrument in the plans of our Lord! It is you who are to deliver Skyrim from the hands of the Thalmor! To allow the the servants of Talos to be able worship him again, openly and without fear!”

I shook my head. “Not sure how you came to that conclusion, but right now the only thing I’m interested in is finding my friend.”

“Maybe you do not realize it yet, but the great and mighty Talos will-”

“Heimskr, shut up.” Said a deep female voice. The dark elf woman from before, Irileth.

“You cannot silence the words of Talos!” He cried.

“I can silence you, however.” Irileth replied dryly. “Leave before I call the guards to arrest you for disturbing the peace.”

Heimskr grumbled to himself, but obediently walked away. Standing next to a tall statue of Talos, he continued to preach in that obnoxiously loud voice.

“Does he always shout when he talks?” I asked.

“Yes. Though I’m not sure if he’s touched by the gods or touched in the head.” Irileth responded. She then turned to me. “The Jarl wishes to speak to you about the dragon incident. Will you come with me?”

I suppose there was time. If not, I’d explain that I have prior engagements. “All right.” We went up the long flight of steps, and sitting there at the summit, was the amazing piece of architecture they call Dragonsreach. “It’s a lot bigger up close.”

“This way.” Irileth led me inside to the main hall. Which, again, was huge. Large support columns that towered over you, two long banquet tables and a central fire pit. There at the end of the hall, sat the Jarl on his thrown. He seemed to be in a rather heated argument with two other members of the court. One wore rather fancy clothing, while the other wore a set of scaled armor.

“It can only mean that the prophecies are coming true!” Said the man in the armor.

“How can you put your faith in some silly prophecy that has no basis in fact?” replied the other man. “There’s no reason to assume that the world is ending!”

“There is plenty of reason.” said the Jarl. “A dragon returning to Skyrim tells us all we need to know.”

“My point exactly! If all the dragons are slain, how can they be coming back?” said the armored man.

“There is only one inconsistency: there is no Dragonborn in this time that we know of.”

I walked up. “My Jarl, is this about the dragon incident from the other night?”

“My lord, this is Karlie.” Irileth gestured at me. “She is the young warrior who felled the dragon from earlier.”

“Ah.” The Jarls looked me up and down. “Not exactly the biggest warrior that walked the land. But as they say, ‘Good things come in small packages’.”

“You were the one who slew that beast!?” the armored man cried out in astonishment.

“Hrongar,” said Irileth, “I witnessed the event myself. There is no need for skepticism, unless you doubt my words.”

“Forgive me,” Hrongar replied. “I did not expect it to be someone so... young.”

“Is everyone going to pester me about my age?” I said under my breath.

“Well, Karlie, have you seen it yet? What became of the beast you slew?”

“I have not. Did something happen?”

“You could say that.” The Jarl answered. “The corpse of the creature is gone. One of the Pelagius farmers say that he saw another dragon breathe life back into it.”

My eyes about popped out, and my jaw dropped down. “How is that possible!? I plunged my sword deep into its head!”

“Are you aware of the legends of the dragons?” the Jarl asked. “It is said that mere men cannot slay them.”

“Well, I’m a woman, so-”

“The semantics make no difference! The only way to truly kill a dragon, is to absorb its very soul. Something that can only be done by a man or woman who is also gifted with the blood of dragons... a Dragonborn.”

“Apparently,” said the fine-clothed man, “The nords have a prophecy that the world will end when the dragons return.”

“It is true, Proventus!” The Jarl growled. “And only a Dragonborn can deliver us from that fate. But there have been no Dragonborns since the Septim line ended two hundred years ago.”

“What does it mean?” I asked.

The Jarl’s brow furrowed in worry. “I... do not know.” He rose from his throne. “But I did not call you here to debate it. I wanted to personally thank you for the service you’ve done for my hold.” He handed me a large satchel of gold. There must have been at least five hundred pieces there.

“Wow... thank you, my lord.” To be honest, I wasn’t expecting anything more than a pat on the head.

“Perhaps if another dragon should attack, you could lead my men in the attack.” He laughed.

“Maybe.” I answered. “At the moment, the Companions have a task for me. I need to tend to that before anything else.”

“I understand.” said the Jarl.

“Excuse me, my lord, but there is another matter that needs tending to.” Proventus said. “It’s another letter from General Tullius.”

“Again!? Do these Imperials not understand a simple answer!?”

That was definitely my queue to leave. No need to get absorbed in civil war matters again. Without hesitation, I quickly slipped out the doors...

*024*2013-10-24 06:16

The Elder Scrolls V

SKYRIM: DISTORTION

Honor and glory to me, as I stand and I pee, then pity my poor left boot.

“Are you prepared?” Aela asked me.

“As prepared as I can be.” I answered. “What about you?”

“I replaced my bow string and purchased a few more arrows.” She said. “I don’t think we need much. These tombs rarely have more than a handful of draugr.”

“Where are we headed anyway?”

“Dustman’s Cairn.” she said. “It’s a nordic ruin to the northwest of Whiterun.”

“Well I have my sword and my armor.” I said as I pet my hilt. “I really don’t need anything more.”

“Then let’s head out!”

We stepped out the front gates, and so began our quest. It was like something from a story. Two beautiful heroines on a search for the fragment of... whatever that name was. Resolved, determined, and prepared for anything that the world wished to throw our way.

As we walked, I looked at Aela. A curious woman. Her dress and appearance reminded me of the tales of some huntresses that lived out in Valenwood. Strong, skilled, sexy, and deadly with a bow. Aela had that sense about her. Giving off an aura of strength, it seemed almost... animal-like.

“So how did you become a part of the Companions, Aela?” I asked.

“The women in my family have a proud history of being in the Companions.” she replied with a prideful smile. “My mother, her mother, and so on. We were all huntresses.” she paused for a minute and looked up at the sky. “I regret that my mother was not here to see me when I joined the Companions, but I have been here since that day and fight for the glory of my brothers and sisters.”

“That’s... admirable.” I remarked. An entire lineage of Companions... if there is one thing about the nords that I do respect, it’s their regard for tradition.

“What about yourself?” she asked me. “Were you born here in Skyrim?”

“I was actually raised in Cyrodiil. My family and I grew up in the town of Bruma.”

“Ah, so must have acclimated well to Skyrim’s climate when you moved.”

I nodded. “The cold weather was familiar. I knew the customs of the nords. When I got into my teen years, one of the mages there began to tutor me in some basic spells. At the same time, I learned the art of the sword.”

“It sounds like you’ve been living a full life.”

“One would think.” I laughed. “Between bandits, wild animals, and gods-know-what-else, it’s almost necessary to learn to fight in this land.”

“So why did you move to Skyrim?”

“I don’t know really.” I answered. “It was almost as if it... called to me. One day I just felt like I should continue my life there.”

“I’m sure you’ve noticed that it isn’t a land for the weak.” said Aela.

“Indeed not. Giants, mammoths, falmer, saber cats... I hear there have even been sightings of vampires and werewolves.”

“I’ve heard the same tales.” Aela responded. “The vampire ones are true, I’ve killed some myself, but wolves can be found all throughout Skyrim. It would not surprise me if someone saw one that was a little bigger than usual and jumped to conclusions.”

I nodded in agreement, then took out a small flask from my pocket.

“You’re drinking before a fight?” Aela asked in confusion.

“No,” I laughed, “It’s just water. It’s important to stay hydrated when traveling, or can exhaust yourself a lot faster.”

“Ah, good point.”

“Do you need some?” I handed the flask to her.

“Sure.” Aela accepted the flask and took a big drink. “Thank you.”

She handed it back to me and I looked down the top. “Is there anything left?”

“Should be some.” Aela answered. “Not to worry. I don’t think this hunt is going to be very long.”

We had been so engaged in our conversation, I just about blew my own mind when I saw the nordic ruins sticking out from the ground in front of me. “We’re here already?”

“That’s correct.” Aela hopped onto the rim of the dome-like structure and made her way to the top. “Come on! The entrance is through here.” She jumped down and disappeared. I quickly made my own way up and jumped in. Much like how history texts described it, the entrance had a large door made of solid, black iron. The dragon-like bust that covered the front was rather... intimidating.

I took a step forward, bracing myself for the horrors that lurked within... and I was stopped. It seemed subtle at first, but something felt like it was beginning to push down inside me. Not here, not now. I thought. With any luck, we’d be out of the ruins before things became... dire.

____

One step inside, and we already new there was trouble. Ebony sarcophagi lined the walls... all of which were open, and the occupants splayed on the floor, cut down by a blade.

“Apparently, we aren’t the first ones here.” I commented.

“Indeed not. Keep your eyes open.” Aela responded.

One couldn’t help but be extremely alert. Evil-looking corpses lying about, cut down by an unknown assailant. You’d be an idiot to ignore the signs. We headed down the passageway in the back of the main chamber. Navigating the twisting corridors, we cautiously proceeded through the catacombs, until we heard soft, fleshy footsteps down the hall.

“Draugr.” Aela said. “The guardians of the old tombs. Woe to those who should disturb their sleep.”

“But it wasn’t us!” I replied.

“Do you believe they will discriminate?” Aela asked rhetorically.

“...No. I guess not.”

With the quietest footsteps I could possibly make, I crept forward. Step by step, inching my way towards the corner. Closer... closer... a little closer, and I turned the corner to-

A draugr. Right there, in front of me. Its desiccated face and glowing eyes looking right at me. The monster raised its arm, axe in hand...

Fwip!

I blinked only once, and the walking corpse was gone. I looked left, right, behind me, nothing. Then I looked down. Off to the side was the draugr, laying just as still as the day he was entombed, an arrow protruding from his skull. I looked over at Aela to see her standing with her bow in hand.

“Close call.” she said.

“Thanks for having my back.” I replied.

Onward through the musty tunnels, the smell of death became stronger and stronger. The air was becoming quite thin the deeper we went. Nevertheless, I was here to prove my honor to the Companions. I wouldn’t let a little air deprivation stop me from earning my place in Jorrvaskr. I pressed on, head held high. Though I suppose the lack of air was only one of several problems, such as the ever-growing problem within my bladder.

We arrived at another large chamber. There were two apparent ways out, aside from the way we just came in. A large arch to the left and right.

“You check one, I’ll check the other?” I asked.

“Good idea.”

I took the left. As I walked in, I took a quick look around, trying to take my mind of need to urinate, but to no avail. I began squeezing my legs together, anxious to try and give myself just the slightest reprieve. After my quick examination of the room, I realized that this was just a small side chamber. Nothing in here but a few burial urns and coins left in tribute.

“See anything over there?” I yelled, legs pressed together tightly.

“There’s a gate here, but I don’t see any way to open it.” Aela responded from the right arch.

I took another look around, then seeing a large lever on a small table. How I missed it before, I have no idea.

“Let me try something.” I walked over and pulled on the lever. Damn thing was rusted tightly. I pulled and pulled until I finally jarred it loose. The sound of grinding metal then came from above me. Before I could react, a metal gate dropped down and trapped me inside the chamber.

I ran over to the bars, grabbed them and uselessly pulled on them as if my strength could actually lift these super heavy behemoths.

“Gaah!” I screamed as my hands went in between my thighs. Did you know that stress acts as a good diuretic? Neither did I until now. The pain in my lower abdomen began to gnaw at me in ways you can’t imagine.

Aela walked over looking at my predicament with disdain. “See where your haste has gotten you?”

“Yeah yeah...” I groaned, quickly removing my hands from my crotch. “Can you just let me out?”

“One moment.” Aela looked around quickly, and saw another lever on the wall. “Let’s see if that does the trick. Before she could move though, the other gate opened. From it, emerged four warriors dressing in hide armor. Each one had a silver sword in hand.

“That’s one of them!” the lead man said, pointing to Aela.

“She doesn’t wear the armor of the rest.” said another.

“But we’ve seen her before! She accompanies the rest of them!”

“I say we put her down, just to be safe.”

Aela looked at each of the attackers with extreme hatred. “‘Safe’ is not the term I would use to describe your situation.”

I pounded on the gate again, hoping by some miracle I could break myself free. My own idiocy was going to result in Aela’s death. I shouldn’t have been so quick to dismiss Skjor’s comment. This can’t be happening!

In that moment, Aela dropped her bow. She seemed to... morph. Her skin, her very shape began to shift. It was if she was growing... fur? Suddenly I found myself staring at a bipedal wolf of great mass. It howled loudly, and the four attackers stepped back.

“G-get her!”

One of them charged forward, only to take a massive claw to the face. Then another came forward, getting another claw for his troubles. I closed my eyes, I knew where this was going. Even so, I could hear the screaming, the sound of claw tearing flesh and bones splitting. It was gruesome. Within a few seconds, the noises ceased, and I dared to uncover my face. Well... I think I’ll spare you the details of what I saw. Suffice it to say, it wasn’t pretty.

The gate rose up, and Aela walked from around the corner. “I’m sorry you had to see that.” she said. “I hope it wasn’t too frightening.”

“You’re... a werewolf?”

“Surprised? I’m sure it makes that last conversation feel pretty awkward.” she laughed. “Members of the Circle are granted the power to become as beasts.”

“This is common knowledge?” I asked.

“No. You’ve been allowed to know before your appointed time.” Aela’s face changed into one of concern. “I hope this doesn’t deter you from joining. I can assure you, we are in full control when we transform.”

“I’m just... a little bewildered.” I responded. I felt my stomach start to turn. It really was a lot to take in at once. Just that one thing, that werewolves were real, and that some of the Companions were werewolves themselves. I fell down on one knee.

“Are you all right?” Aela walked over to help me up.

“I’ll be fine.” I answered. “It’s... just the smell. Let’s move on so we can breathe fresh air again.”

“Who were they anyways?”

“Members of the Silver Hand.” Aela answered. “A group of werewolf hating fanatics. They would love nothing more than to see the Circle killed.”

“Then there’s probably more of them inside.”

“Agreed.”

Well, I won’t bore you with the details. A draugr here, a Silver Hand there, a few traps and even a bit of treasure. Suffice it to say, there was a lot that happened on the way to our destination, but nothing extremely noteworthy. Well, maybe except the headshot Aela got on one of the Silver Hand who I bet was more than fifty meters away.

The fights with the dragur were almost welcome, though. At least that required full attention, and the pain of my filling bladder seemed to disappear... for a while. That was nearly an hour ago. The agony was immense by now. Absolutely impossible to ignore. Aela was in front of me, so perhaps she wouldn’t see me in my desperation. I began to massage my-

Well, you get the idea.

We arrived in a room absolutely filled with sarcophagi. Lining every wall, with a single one placed right in the center, next to a large stone structure with writing of some unknown language on it. Oh and there was one little detail I forgot. All of those sarcophagi were open, draugr strewn across the floor, cut down by a blade. As I looked up near that stone... thing, there was a woman, about mid to late forty’s clad in leather armor, a thin, curved blade strapped to her side, and in her hand, a metal fragment.

Aela immediately drew her bow, readied an arrow and pointed it straight at the woman. “That doesn’t belong to you! It’s the property of the Companions, and I will kill you before I let you take it!”

The woman seemed unfazed by Aela’s threats. “Well now that you’re here, I don’t have to take it.” she said calmly.

Aela’s stance didn’t relax at all. “What do you mean? What do you want with me?”

“Not you.” the woman answered. “Her.” She pointed a finger directly at me.

“Me? What did I do?” I asked.

“You killed a dragon.” the woman replied. “Or so everyone thought.”

Aela gave the woman the most elaborate scowl. “Just who are you anyway!?”

“My name is Delphine. Riverwood Innkeeper and local adventurer.”

Both of us cocked an eyebrow. You rarely here of a stranger occupation combination.

“So what about me killing a dragon?” I asked.

“There are very few that have the skill to fell one of those beasts. No one has since the time of the Akaviri.” she explained. “But when you killed it, nothing happened, correct?”

“What do mean, ‘nothing’?”

“You didn’t absorb any power from it. It’s skin didn’t suddenly vanish.”

“How...?”

“Only the Dragonborn have that ability.” she said. “But even still, it is difficult to take on such a beast and survive. You must have exceptional skill in battle.”

“Well... I...” I stuttered. That was quite the compliment.

“I’m sorry, I leaked the information about the Wuuthrad fragment in the hopes that you would be sent after it, Karlie.” said Delphine.

“Why?” I asked with slight irritation. “You still haven’t said what it is you need me for.”

“Meet me at the inn in Riverwood. We’ll discuss it.”

“Why all this secrecy?”

“I’ll explain at Riverwood.” Delphine picked up the fragment and tossed it to Aela. “Here. For your trouble.”

Both Aela and I watched the fragment fly through the air, determined not to let it fall and let it be lost forever. Aela managed to catch it, but when we turned our attention back to Delphine, she was already gone.

“What was all that about?” Aela asked.

“I honestly have no idea.” I replied. “I’m just as baffled as you.”

“Do you intend to go see what she wants?”

I paused. I really wasn’t sure. She was willing to go through a lot of trouble to get my attention, but was being extremely secretive. “I... have to admit that I am curious. I may have to visit later.”

But for now, there was something else that needed tending to. As I squeezed my legs together again, a small whimper escaped between my clenched teeth.

“Is something wrong?” Aela must have caught my whimper.

There was no hiding it anymore. The pain was too great. Dignity be damned. “I... I really have to pee.”

Aela laughed. “Is that all? This is Skyrim, Karlie, and we nords may be a proud people but everyone has to pee.” We stopped in a long, narrow hallway.

“What is it?” I asked.

“Watch and see.” Aela’s hands went to her hips, and reached under the skirt of her armor. I raised a skeptical brow as she began to slide a leather thong all the way down her legs. She turned and faced the wall of the corridor, then bent back a little, spread her legs apart, lifted her skirt up, giving me a clear view of her... lady parts, and then opened it wide with her forefingers.

“What do you think you’re-” before I could finish, a forceful stream of pale yellow began to jet out from between her thighs, loudly splattering onto the stone wall. It was agonizing watching someone else pee when I had to go so badly already. The cobbled stones began to darken as Aela’s urine flowed downward, pooling up into a dark puddle against the edge of the wall slowly expanding and drowning the tiny mushrooms that sprouted from the cracks in the ground. What’s worse, the aroma of her urine quickly began to fill the narrow hallway. Nearly every sense of body was being pressured now. Sight, sound, smell, and of course the feeling of massive amounts of urine filling my own bladder.

Spurt!

My muscles spasmed. That quick relax-then-tighten was just enough for a brief jet of urine to dampen my own underclothes. And despite the torture of it all, I continued watching Aela pee on the wall, agonizing myself to no end. I don’t know. Personally I had no idea a woman could pee standing up with such grace and poise so maybe I was just admiring her for that.

At last, that jet stream of pee began to rescind to a trickle, then just a few drops leaking out of her body. Aela shook her hips around and then took the front of her skirt to wipe the excess drops from herself.

“Now your turn.” she said to me.

“Nooooooooo way!!!” I exclaimed. “I’m not going to just... pee like that all of a sudden!”

Aela rolled her eyes. “If it makes you feel any better, I’ll step out while you go.” She walked out the corridor and closed the wood doors at the end.

“Well, I-I suppose I don’t have much of a choice...” I stuttered. I reached for my own undergarments and began to slide them down my legs. Then I did just as Aela had. I spread my legs apart, bent back a little... but with everything “down there” all closed up, how was any pee supposed to come out without splattering everywhere?

“Aw, forget it! I’ll squat like usual.”

I squatted down like normal and finally began to relax my muscles, and something began to snake its way through my body and out of my-

Pee began jetting out of me with more force than Aela’s did. It splattered wildly against the stone floor, spraying the insides of my thighs with millions of warm droplets, and a bubbly puddle forming beneath me. I started to panic as my legs became more and more moist from my urine. I tried to cut the flow, but it was all coming out so strong and so fast, and to be honest, it just felt too damn good. And so, I knew I had no choice. Even though I was still peeing, I tried to stand up. A jet of warm fluid began spraying down the side of my leg and down my boot. As quickly as I could, I bent myself back, spread my legs apart, held open the edges of my... parts, and...

I did it. I couldn’t help but smile as a clean stream of my urine began to spray the wall. “Success!” I silently exclaimed. I sighed in both relief and satisfaction, watching my bodily fluids pour down the wall, seeping into the cracks between stones and turning into a large bubbly puddle below. I watched with an odd sense of curiosity as my puddle of urine began to make its way towards Aela’s. The two dark liquid masses merged together, making it seems like a troll might have left it. Two large puddles of pee from two warrior women. I really wasn’t sure what to make of that.

The jet of pee shrunk down into a stream, and then a trickle, then a few drops flowing down my crotch. And so I looked down to see what the damage was. My thighs weren’t soaked, but all that urine that sprayed onto them from the stone floor had made them fairly damp, and then the inner part of my left boot had a dark trail going along it, clearly indicating that I “missed”. I couldn’t just sit there and wait for it to dry, nor did I have anything to wipe with. I quickly slid my underwear back on and walked out to face the music.

I stepped out the doors and Aela immediately noticed my boot. “It didn’t work?” she asked.

“Not right away...” I mumbled and relayed the heroic tale of my peeing in the dark hall to her.

Much to my surprise, Aela smiled in a sympathetic manner. “I’ve no doubt the gods did not intend for us women to pee while standing. It takes some practice. Gods know I’ve done my share of ‘missing’.”

It was a little comforting to hear that she had gone through similar ordeals and that I’m not just some special peeing-while-standing failure, though it didn’t take away the embarrassment of the fact that I peed on my own boot.

Aela slapped me on the shoulder. “You’ll get the hang of it as we continue adventuring. Don’t worry, the others don’t know what we faced here, so as far as they know, you just stepped in a small creek.”

I nodded. Still humiliated, but I knew she was right. “Thanks, Aela.”

“Now, let’s get this fragment back to Jorrvaskr.”

____

We returned to Jorrvaskr, and quite frankly I couldn’t wait to fall asleep drinking ale again. I could use a good nap. I was just about to reach for the door...

“This way, Karlie.”

Aela began to lead me around the building. Was there some reason we had to go through the back doors? Eh, whatever. I followed her anyway. Though, I have to say, what I saw back there caught me off guard. Kodlak, Vilkas, Farkas, and Skjor were all standing around that little sparring ring. They appeared to be expecting me. What could they want?

“Welcome back, Karlie.” Kodlak said to me. “Were you successful?”

“I was.” I responded and gestured to Aela, who showed everyone the fragment we retrieved.

“Well done, girl.” Kodlak responded. “Then with that, I think it’s time you were officially inducted into the ranks of the Companions.” Kodlak beckoned Aela forward, who walked over and stood next to him. “Brothers and sisters of the Circle, today we welcome a new soul into our mortal fold. This girl has endured, has challenged, and has shown her valor. Who here will speak for her?”

Aela spoke up. “I stand witness to the courage and valor of the soul before us.”

Kodlak looked over to Aela. “Would you raise your shield in her defense?”

“I would stand to her back, so that the world may never overtake us.”

“And would you raise your sword in her honor?”

“It stands ready to meet the blood of her foes.”

“And would you raise a mug in her name?”

“I would lead the song of triumph as our mead hall reveled in her stories.”

Kodlak smiled. “Then the judgement of this Circle is complete.”

“Welcome to the Companions, Karlie.” said Farkas.

“Welcome indeed.” said Aela.

I smiled. It felt great to be in the company of such noble people. For the first time in a long time, I felt like I was home.

