Another Note: Continued

Author: AuthorFaust

*000*2016-01-10 04:28

Faust sincerely apologizes for the exceptionally long delay...

Real life, and other things have worn Faust down, and he has been taking far too long to write things again...

But, it is with joy that Faust brings you all, something to continue from one of [if not his most] popular series!

Anyone who hasn't read the previous chapters can read them here

And..For those that have, Faust proudly presents...What you probably could expect, given the title of this thread!

====

[Chapter 7: A new year....A new chance.]

"The Eyes...of a Goddess?" Faust's voice called, the otherworldly figure floating up around him.

"Of course." Saril mused back, grinning. "You didn't think we were just like you humans, did you? We have a few....blessings that your kind does not. And, if you'd like...I could share one with you."

Faust hesitated, still a bit anxious to say anything to the being. He didn't know the first thing about otherworldly, lewd goddesses.....Or what kind of things they would want in exchange. As if sensing the worry in his expression, the being floated downward, and leaned in close to him.

"How about I give you...A free trial?" she whispered quietly, gently blowing on his face. A strange sort of dust seemed to rush over him with it...making him rub his eyes lightly.

"Wh..what was that for?" he snapped, before seeing something reflected off the glass of a window. His left eye was radiating a shade of...

"Lavender. My personal, favorite color." Saril mused, completing the thought formed in his head. "With a single Goddess's eye...Well, you'll be able to see the effects for yourself...when your little friend returns from her little trip."

"What do you.." Faust started, watching as the Goddess decided to float off. "H..Hey! Where are you.."

"I wouldn't want to ruin the surprise..." Saril mused lightly, vanishing in a plume of dusk....leaving Faust alone with his thoughts for a few minutes.

'What have I gotten into myself this time..' he thought to himself, as he heard the familiar voice calling.

"Yuno's back, Faust!" the girl's voice rang out, prompting him to turn around to smile at her.....

And, immediately, his face lit up like a christmas tree.

"Y...Yuno!!!!" the boy quipped, his hands going over his eyes as he turned away. "You..You can't.."

"Yuno can't what?" the girl called, tilting her head in confusion. "Is..Faust feeling okay?"

Faust meekly peeked out of his fingers, seeing Yuno once again. From the right, she looked normal...Fully dressed, if worried.....

But through his left eye, a view was presented. Soft, creamy flesh, lightly covered by red silk material. It hugged her curves tightly...and as his eye inevitably glanced over her, numbers started to flash up.

Bust: 34 C

Waist: 24"

Hip: 36"

"Faust...?" the girl called, leaning in to try to look him in the eyes, and presenting him with a view down her bra.

"I..I'm Fine!" he snapped a bit loudly, darting through the halls. "I'm just...notfeelingwellrightnow is all! We should g..get to class right about now."

"O...kay. If Faust says so.." Yuno's voice replied nervously, following behind him quietly.

Faust had weaved, darted, and dashed through the crowd of students rushing for class...Everywhere he looked, silk, cotton, and satin undergarments covering varying amounts of girl flesh. Eventually, he found his way into his classroom, taking the nearest desk, and slumping over in it.

"Having fun?" Saril's voice teased, floating in front of him. "With my eye, you should be able to see any part of a girl that's..relevant to your interests, with ease."

"I..how do I turn it off?" Faust asked quickly, the question being drowned out from the chatter of the class.

"You don't." The goddess called, with a naughty grin. "At least, not the Trial version. I've weakened it slightly, so you can't quite see All through their clothes...but, it should be a blessing to you."

"It's..." Faust started, watching as a familiar green haired girl strode into the room, his eye glancing over her with a flush. Emerald fabric cupped her bosom, and matching fabric hugged her hips loosely.

Bust: 34B

Waist: 26"

Hip: 32"

Faust shook his head wildly again, lightly grumbling into his desk as he tried to ignore the data that sprung up. For a few moments, he closed both of his eyes....Then opened his right one up to scan over the group.

"Faust?" Yuno's voice pleaded, the boy turning his head to look up at her.

"It's...okay." Faust called, with a weak smile. "I just...my eye..my head......really hurts. Like, someone's plunged a needle in it..."

"Ohh..that's not good." Yuno's voice gently cooed, moving his hand from it, and leaning in close. "Faust might have something in his eye..."

Faust felt...a bit embarrassed to have her face so close to his, as she looked deeply into his eyes. For a few moments, he flushed...and some words flickered into existence, just under her face.

Yuno Gasai

"Yuno doesn't see anything...." the girl's voice mused, lightly pressing her lips to his forehead. "But, maybe Faust should go to the nurse? Yuno bets if you ask really nicely...She'll let you go home."

Faust flushed lightly, bracing from the kiss, and lightly shaking his head.

"I..I'll be fi..fine, Yuno." he stared lightly, as his eyes wandered around the classroom. Swathes of bare flesh, and undergarments prompted another rise out of his flush, and he quickly covered his eye again. "Oof...Though.."

"Yuno will take notes for you. Don't worry." she assured, with a small wink. "Faust just needs to feel better. Okay?"

"O..okay." Faust relented, standing up lightly. "A..Apologize to the teacher for me, would you?"

"Yuno will!" the girl assured, with a wave. "Get better soon, Faust~"

"I will.." Faust added, turning to head out of the classroom...And bumping into someone. "G..Gah..Sor..."

"N..no! It was my fault." another voice squeaked, prompting Faust to look where he was going.

Bust: 32B

Waist: 24"

Hip: 36"

The first thing to see was the numbers..The second, the white material that hugged her body lightly.

"S..Sorry Kon...Paku." Faust stammered, going to cover his eye once more...Before seeing another symbol appear, looking like a golden balloon.

[180Ml/400Ml]

Faust had to cover his nose and face at this, realizing what this stood for was, seeing the girl push herself up.

"Are you..okay?" the girl asked, before Faust could feel himself being lifted up.

"Faust isn't feeling well..." Yuno's voice quickly answered for him, nudging him along. "Faust was just heading to the nurse's office. Right, Faust?"

"R..Right." the boy replied with a nod, starting past the girl with a small flush. "S..see you later."

"B..Bye." Youmu addressed with a small wave, as he quickly paced away from the classroom.

"So, what do you think of my eye, boy?" Saril's voice quickly called, with a vulgar grin.

"It's...interesting." Faust answered feebly, averting his gaze.

"Oh..Don't fret, boy." Saril chided, floating down into his line of sight. "You can't see through my garments like the others. You'd need the full powerset for that."

"I..I don't know if I'd even want it.." He added quietly, the woman lifting his head up.

"I can tell that you love it." Saril answered, her other eye glowing violet. "My eyes can see many things. A person's name...Their bodies laid bare. Their innermost Desires....Even something as simple as how much of their..vulgar waters they can contain."

"A..As I witnessed.." Faust remakred, taking a fleeting glance back to the classroom, as he looked forward. "So...What's the catch to all of this? What would this power cost me....if I took it?"

The woman let out a small chuckle, floating down to look him in the eyes...Violet orbs gazing into his.

"The power of a Goddess's.." She started, sternly. "Though formidable..Is also costly. For everything the eyes do, they pale in comparison to what sort of gifts you could obtain. Perhaps you desire flight as well...Or, extending your powers to other needs...Perhaps even change your whole body."

"I...get that." Faust started, nervously. "I know I've used the note...And it's very helpful...but...I don't know about the other..."

The woman's wings fluttered about, circling Faust like he was an object of prey.

"You could become everything you've ever dreamed." She sounded, in a low, soft tone. "Could make all of your fantasies come to life. Pleasure anyone you want...As many as you want. All of these are possible, through the power of a Goddess. My powers."

His face flushed lightly, as he pictured several girls for a moment...Shaking his head.

"And...What would this cost me?" He asked again, more firmly. "Something like this, always has some kind of....catch."

"A catch..?" Saril replied, before floating back in front of him...And then standing on her own feet, for once. She loomed over him, leaning down to give him a deliberate view down her outfit. "You could have so much fun....But..I suppose you're one of the few that would read the contract, before signing it."

"Just T....tell me." Faust insisted, lightly flustered at the woman's..posture. She cupped his chin with one hand, and pulled him in close.

"If you want my powers..All, of my powers...." She started, pulling him close. "It'll cost you..half."

"Half...?" he replied, lightly backing away. "Of what..? My lifespan?"

"No, No..Silly boy." Saril mused, taking to the air once more. "Half of your.... control."

Faust started to walk along with her once more, pacing.

"Control..?" he added, warily. "Like..What kind of control..? Bladder..?"

"Oh...Yes, and no." she mused, fluttering. "The bladder is just..one of many urges that I would be interested in...gaining control over. One's lust...one's waters...All sorts of things can be in the realm of..possibility."

"I..I don't know about that much.." he answered, a hand moving to the door. "It's a lot...for..that kind of thing.."

"Well, Perhaps I could tempt you with a..discount." the being mused, as Faust opened the door. His face immediately lit up as he was presented with black, lace lingere, covering an ample rear greeted him.

"Oh! Faust!" the nurse's voice called as he entered, spinning around to face him. "Are you okay? You look like you've seen a ghost.."

"I'm..F..Fine..Nurse Yanagiya." he replied, meekly. "Er...I mean...Ah.."

"You suuuuure?" The nurse called, striding over to him. "I don't think you'd be here if you were fine. Do you have a fever? Or..."

"A..Ah...No..it's.." he stammered, covering his eye once more. "My...my head really hurts...And...my eye.."

"Has it had any contact with foreign bodies?" She addressed, pulling his arm down as well. "Perhaps you've rubbed it after breakfast and got some crumbs..?"

"U..Um...N..No..." he replied, meekly. "I..Er...Yuno checked it for me..."

Otome Yanagiya

Bust: 36D

Waist: 26"

Hip: 34"

"Well...I should have some medicine in my cabinent." the woman mused, turning around once more to reach in her cabinent. "Are you allergic to any asprins, or the like..?"

"I'm not allergic to Ass...prins." he stammered, blushing as he averted his gaze once more.

Saril's giggle filled the room as Faust shot her a glare, the nurse walking back to him.

"You aren't just trying to get out of a test, are you?" the nurse teased, walking back over to him with some pills. "Didn't study? Or.."

"N..No..I'm not." he protested, looking her firmly in the eyes again. "I..I'm not feeling well...And...I.."

"I know..I know." Otome mused, holding out two pills. "Here. Take these, and go lay down in the other room. Maybe a short rest'll be enough to get that head to stop pounding in time for afternoon classes."

"A...Alright...Thanks." he replied, seeing the golden balloon pop up once again

428 ML/850Ml.

He gulped slightly, then popped the pills in his mouth at this, swallowing them quickly, and walking into the room away from the woman. As he started to climb up onto the bed though...

"So...Are you interested?" Saril asked once more, floating up. "If you won't give up half of your control....Then perhaps a more...temporary setup."

Faust looked up at her, his look skeptical.

"Temporary..?" he inquired, his interest piqued.

"Oh..Just a time based thing." Saril mused, fluttering down. "I could grant you the eyes of a goddess...For an Hour every day...In exchange for Five minutes of control."

"Five minutes...?"

"Yes..A mere five minutes." she repeated, holding up a hand. "Five minutes of control over your body....For every time you wish to use my eyes. I'll give you the ability to turn it on and off at will.,.. I'll even let you keep using it, cost-free for the rest of today too. If, of course, you're interested."

Faust paused at this, unable to deny the offer outright anymore.

"If you are.." she called, drawing out a familiar, small black book. "Just..write the Nurse's name in my notebook."

"In..yours..?" he called, meekly. "You have.."

"Of course I do." she stated, thumbing back a page to show his own name. "I keep a list of people that have used my powers...And, it assures me I can get them..alone for our meeting."

Faust paused, remembering the time he had a surprising, urgent urge several days ago. It felt like he'd just suddenly needed to go...And he'd nearly lost it in his shorts. Though...

"Write her name...And any desire you like for her accident." she mused, grinning. "By signing, it'll form our little pact...And you'll be able to call upon my powers from here on. Just by scrawling out my name on any surface."

Faust hesitated, looking at the black book hesitantly.

"I don't have a pen.." he stated, watching the goddess pull one out of her outfit.

"Here.." she mused, holding out a obsidian pen, with an ethereal shimmer to it. "You can use mine. Just..be careful not to drop it."

Faust flinched, before taking the pen from her..flushing as his fingers wrapped around it.

'It's..warm.' he thought, before looking up at the nurse. With one eye, it was quite a show....And the other, a woman busy with her work. He looked at the book...And then at the pen again.

"Take your time." Saril mused, floating out of the room, and taking a seat in the office. "We've got...plenty. of time. Think it over. Write whatever..."

She licked her lips, eying up the unaware nurse...and the boy watching her from afar. "Your heart...Desires."

Faust looked at the notebook...and at the pen once again. If he wrote her name down...he could use her power freely for the day. He could control the power, and return to the others without incident. Though...he had to wonder how he would react to having that much power? It was easy to not use the notebook when he had to know the person....

But..if he could just figure that out at a glance...

[Chapter 7: End]
