Another Note: Continued

Author: AuthorFaust

*008*2016-02-28 05:09

[Chapter 8: Pact]

"Well, boy? Do you want it?" the tempting voice of Saril mused, crossing her legs over one another in the seat. "The eyes of a Goddess..The power to gather information, at a glance. The ability to lay bare...mysteries you might otherwise be unable to solve. To see...everything you want to..."

"Alright, FINE" Faust snapped, suddenly closing his mouth as the Nurse jumped.

"A..Ah? Fine?" her voice replied, turning around to face him. "What's Fine? Are you feeling better already? I'm not sure you were compeltely.."

Faust got another quick view of black lingerie, flushing red as he quickly turned to face the wall on his side, covering the note and pen with his body. Several tensed seconds of silence filled the room, as he worried the woman would move closer. A few steps...and his secret would be out. He took several slow...quiet breaths, trying to listen for the woman's movements closer.

Th-thump...Th-Thump..Th-Thump...

His heart was pounding, breath catching in his throat. A few steps would be all it took to end this...But, he heard no approaching steps, opening his eyes once more.

"Go on. She's not looking." Saril's voice called, honey sweet...And filled with a growing excitement. Faust snuck the smallest of glances over his shoulder, seeing the nurse squirming...pressing a hand to the front of her outfit. Numbers were beginning to pop up, but Faust quickly peered back, looking at the book beneath him, drawing the pen. He quietly opened the book...tenatively turning the cover aside to a blank page...And gripping the pen.

'Just..need to..' he thought, the tip of the pen lightly turning over in his hand as he scrawled. Letter by letter..moment by moment.....Ever quiet to listen for the footsteps...Any telltale signs of being busted...

Oto...me Yan...a....gi....ya he penned slowly, closing the book quickly as he resumed his feigned sleep. The book seemed to dissipate underneath him, the pen following suit as Saril recalled it...Opening the pages.

"Oh...No details? How drab." she remarked, sounding almost...disappointed? "Oh well.A deal is a deal, Necromonium. Our Pact is sealed, and you will need only write my name on any surface to call upon my power. Just remember my end of the bargain whenever you do."

"W..wait..! How do I turn it off?" he quickly blurted off, before gasping. He was sure he'd screwed up that time, but some shuffling sounds caught his attention.

"T..turn what.." the Nurse's voice called, suddenly hunched over and writhing. "Oh..The lights should just be a....Pardon me Necromonium, but I HAVE to excuse myself for now. I..if you need..any.."

His eye flickered...and he could see the numbers rising rapidly.

680/850Ml..

750/850Ml

800/850Ml

He flushed, before watching the grown woman dart out of the room, letting out a strained whine of need. He pushed himself up from his seat, catching the lightest glimpse of darkening material, before feeling a pair of hands running over his face.

"Naughty boy.." Saril mused, cupping his face in her slender, gentle fingers. "Making a grown woman act like an ill-bodied schoolgirl. You should be proud."

"B..But how do.." he started, before a finger ran over his eye. Suddenly, the world seemed to dull slightly, and he could feel something had changed..but he wasn't sure what. Saril quickly fluttered back to the skies, gesturing slightly as the bell began to ring for classes. A stampede of students could be heard charging through the halls, going here and there. He quietly paced over to the door, opening it to see the usual crowds of people..and a figure bouncing over to him.

"Ah! Faust!" Yuno mused, quickly maneuvering through the rampaging masses to his side. A sigh of relief escaped his lips as he saw the girl donning her usual attire, a blue shirt, and a knee length, matching skirt. "Are you feeling better? Yuno was worried..."

"Ah..? O..Oh Yeah... I'm fine, Yuno." he answered, the girl wrapping her arms around him.

"Good..Faust shouldn't make Yuno fret like that." she cooed, laying her head on his chest for a few, peaceful moments. "Yuno's heart can't take any scares like that. If something happened to Faust.."

"I'm sorry." he apologized, wrapping his arms around her sides quietly. "I didn't mean to.."

A sudden jerk of movement, and his hand had suddenly dipped, squeezing a bit lower than he had intended. Yuno's body jumped at this, bright red suddenly flowing through her cheeks.

"F..Faust! Yu..Yuno didn't know you.." she started quickly, patting down her skirt and rump as she averted her gaze. "Y..Yuno means...She...um..."

"A..Ah..! I..I didn't.." He stammered, the lightest traces of lavender escaping his gaze as he stared at his hand, quickly putting it to his side. "I..I'm sorry..! I wasn't.."

"I..It's f..fine." Yuno meekly replied, averting her gaze. "Y..Yuno just..was not prepared. Faust shouldn't be...L..Lewd like this...wh..where everyone.."

"I..it was an accident..!" he interjected, now burning bright red himself. "I..I didn't..I mean..."

"Yu..Yuno forgives you.." Yuno retorted, covering her face lightly with both hands. "Y..Yuno needs to go do something really quick!!!"

Before he could stop her, the girl weaved and bobbed through the crowd, vanishing once more as he reach out...slumping slightly as he'd lost her in the sea of people. He looked back at his hand again...and then glanced around.

"That was you..wasn't it?" he remarked, seemingly to the air, as the Goddess's teasing voice rang out.

"Oh...That was all you." Saril replied, with a giggle. "I didn't touch a thing."

Faust's face still flushed red, before he started to navigate through the crowd, making his way to the next class. As he was partway there though, a lightly familiar figure emerged from the bathrooms.

"Oh..! Faust..!" a silverette called, looking over at the boy. "You're feeling better, I h..Hope."

"A..Ah? O.Oh, yeah. I am." he remarked, lightly rubbing his head. "Sorry for bumping into you before class.."

"O..Oh, it's fine." the girl stammered, her fingers twirling against her bangs a bit. "It was an accident...I..I mean, it wasn't intentional..So, it's fine.."

Faust's gaze lightly averted at this, thinking all too soon about what had just occurred with Yuno, but a single sentence brought him back to reality.

"Your eye's not purple anymore.." Youmu replied, pointing. "Did something..happen?"

"Ah..?" he replied, suddenly cupping one of his eyes. "My..eyes aren't...purple."

Saril's eyes widened slightly at this, before phasing through the walls, away from the group. Youmu's head tilted, standing on her tip-toes to look up.

"O..Oh..I'm sorry. I must have made a mistake." she replied, before turning. "I...Um...I'll see you in the class after next!"

"A..Ah..! Okay." he stated, starting to wave his hands. "See you then, Konpaku."

"S..S..See you!" She replied, bouncing off the walls of the crowd as she left Faust alone with his thoughts again.

"How did she.." he thought to himself, before starting along the crowd himself. A few bumps and turns...But in time, he made his way to the next classroom, taking his seat as he peered around.

'I hope Yuno's.. he thought, before hearing the flapping of wings.

"I hope you weren't friends with that girl." Saril's voice called, circling around the boy.

"Um..Kinda..sorta?" he replied, looking up at the woman. "We..know each other, but..I wouldn't.."

"You are a troublesome boy.." Saril called, now facing him as she held a hand over one of her eyes. "I suppose I should actually tell you how to turn on your power...For today, at least."

"That..would be helpful, yes." he replied flatly, the woman kneeling down to stare him in the eye.

"Pay attention, Faust. This is important." She replied, with a much more serious tone in her voice. He lightly flushed, but nodded.

"O..okay." he replied meekly, the woman waving a hand over her face.

"To draw out your power, simply concentrate on a lecherous desire." she spoke, broadly. "The stronger the desire, the stronger the vision. When you wish to conceal it, think of something that would humiliate you."

"How do I know.." he thought out loud, as the woman slammed a hand down on the desk.

"You'll know." she stated, sternly. "Just because you'll only have this for today, doesn't mean this information won't be relevant later. You will need to know how to do this in the future...I assure you."

"O..okay.." he remarked, glancing as the door opened once again. "But..what's got you.."

"I have to go." Saril replied, starting out of the walls once more. "Do behave yourself, Faust."

Faust blinked quietly for a few moments, before hearing someone pulling out the chair next to him, a familiar head of pink sitting next to him.

"H..hey Faust." Yuno replied lightly, her gaze still averted as the boy looked her over..and then back to the front of the room.

"Hey..Yuno." he stated lightly, closing his eyes for a moment.

A Lecherous thought..' he thought, picturing what he'd felt earlier. His hand had gripped soft, bubbly flesh, making the girl next to him squeak. A flash of red....

And, suddenly, his vision seemed to sharpen once more, the shirt on his neighbor seeming to evaporate into the air. He turned his head slightly more, but blushed even brighter as he looked....

For, where her skirt had been...was bare, creamy flesh. The red garment from before had vanished, leaving not but tender, supple flesh...And teasing curves...Legs just barely covering a naughty place.

'O..Oh gods..' he thought, bright red as he quickly snapped his head back. 'Something humilating...something humilating..'

He thought of being called out in the middle of class, and not knowing the answer....But it was peppered with silky black lingere. He kneeled over slightly in his chair, trying to focus.

'No..something..that'll make me feel.. he thought, before seeing the pink haired girl's figure shifting slightly. A hand dipped down to her skirt...And he saw something else flickering up.

580/700Ml

He blushed deeper, before a thought came to him...Of Yuno going through his things, and finding his stack of...vulgar magazines. A look of scorn, and disdain on her face.....

And, in a flash, her outfit seemed to return, the numbers vanishing. He sighed loudly, blinking a few times to assure himself his vison was back to normal, before hearing the teacher stride into the room.

"Alright everyone, today we will be covering Egypt.." the teacher started, as the girl next to him put up her hand.

"M..Miss Reikishi..Yuno.."

"Yuno will have to wait." the teacher quickly halted her, starting to tap at the desk. "The lesson has just begun, and I'd like to think that you can hold it for a few minutes."

"Y..Yuno understands." the girl meekly replied, Faust flushing slightly at the thought. He could see his vision sharpening again...As he quickly tried to suppress the thoughts.

[600/700Ml]

He thought of the silver haired girl walking in on him looking over one of his..magazines, his vision dulling once more as he suppressed himself again. The lesson continued on...And he did his best to keep his attention to class....Even as the pinkette squirmed and writhed. One of her hands lowered to her skirt, starting to press between her tensed thighs as she let out a few soft whimpers.

630/700Ml

He couldn't keep his vision from flickering back at every little sound...every tiny detail on the girl next to him provoking his powers again and again. He struggled to combat it, penning down his notes in a sloppy manner...as the numbers slowly, but surely climbed.

640/700ML

650/700Ml

660/700Ml

He did his best to stifle his excitement...before the teacher finally sat her pen on the desk.

"Alright..Any questions?" she started, looking at the group in general. Faust could see Yuno trembling in need, her hand lightly rubbing at herself to try to suppress the urge.

"C..Can Yuno.." she started, the teacher's focus snapping to her.

"Hand, Gasai." the teacher replied sternly, her face flushing as Faust's eyes flickered once more.

640/700Ml

He blushed deeply as he saw her thighs glistening slightly. He did his best to suppress the thoughts...as Yuno shakily raised her hand.

"C..Can Yuno please go to the bathroom?" she hurriedly asked, the teacher looking her over.

"Alright..." the teacher started, watching the girl cup herself, before she set her hands on the desk. "If you can tell me what was the full name of King Tut."

Yuno's face seemed to lose all of it's color, as she visibly flinched.

"Well, Miss Gasai?" the teacher replied, with a firm, stern scowl. "Please stand up, and tell the class."

"U...Umm..O..okay.." Yuno replied meekly, holding herself as she rocked slightly. "U..Um..Yu.Yuno.."

"On your feet, Gasai. And tell the class." the teacher asserted, as Faust paused, glancing over his notes. The girl rose from her chair, trembling in front of the class as she swayed her hips.

"R...right..." she started, blushing deeply as he saw the glistening liquid dripping down her legs.

680/700ML

"K..King Tut's...F..Fu..Full...N..N..Name..."

690/700

"I..I..Is..."

"King Tutankhaten." Faust snapped louder than he intended, everyone's eyes resting on him. He paused...Averting his gaze as the teacher let out a tensed, terse sigh.

"Correct..But I was asking Miss Gasai." the teacher remarked with pursed lips. "Next time Faust..please try to contain yourself from spouting the answer out in front of class."

A gasp from the pinkette. and her freshly glistening thighs made him flush, as she pressed against the desk.

665/700Ml

"Miss Reikishi!" Yuno hurriedly stammered, her face burning red as the teacher nodded.

"Yes yes." the teacher sounded, waving her hands. "Go, Miss Gasa-"

Faust could see some sharply dwindling numbers...before the girl practically sprinted out of the room, her thighs glistening...and her skirt, darkened in the back. He blushed...but could feel his vision sharpening again.

'So close..' he thought, with a slightly pleased grin. Though it was quite a lovely sight, it was also good to help her out of her predicament. His eyes glanced back at this, spotting a sizable puddle on the chair next to his.

'Gods...if I hadn't helped her..' he thought again, lightly twirling his pencil as the teacher gestured towards the class.

"Now, after that little outburst." Miss Reikishi mused again, looking over. "If you'll all turn to page 60...I'll give you your assignment for today. Necromonium, you can tell Gasai when she's returned..."

====

Darkening fabric, warming thighs, and the sprays of fluid. Yuno could feel every little spray escaping her as she dug her fingers into her skirt, gasping for breath.

"Yuno's....gonna.." she thought out loud, scurrying down the halls into the place of her salvation...

A bathroom.

She rounded the corner of the hall, feeling her body pump out a much longer squirt of warmth into her grip.

"No..No..Yuno's so close!" she said to herself, barging through the door, and looking at the stalls. A white haired figure was emerging from one, patting at her skirt.

"Hopefully, Mr Tanaka will.." Youmu's voice stated, before the pinkette charged past her.

"S..Sorry, but Yuno is peeing right NOW!" the girl stammered, an increasingly loud Pssssssh sound starting to escape her. Youmu felt herself pressed against the door, as Yuno practically mounted the commode, a loud, gushing torrent splashing into the toilet.

Youmu blushed slightly at this, watching the pinkette sag in relief as she held her skirt up slightly. Youmu caught a slight view of creamy flesh, before averting her gaze.

"Oh...Yuno is glad she took off her panties before class.." the girl mused out loud, Youmu's blush deepening, as she started out of the bathroom in turn.

"L..lewd.." she said to herself in the hall, before pulling out her phone. She had originally went to the bathroom for the intended purpose, but with what she'd seen...

Fingers dialed up a number.....As it rang. Once...twice...

"Yo, whatcha need?" a voice called from the other side, Youmu covering her phone slightly.

"A..Ah..It's me." She answered, speaking into it. "I need your hel.."

"Help? Of course ya do." the other voice called, with a cheery tone. "Need me to get rid of some incriminating garments again?"

Another blush, as Youmu shook her head.

"N..No. Not that kind of thing.." she quickly protested. "It's...."

"Just, remember you gotta use my code name if it's one of..those kind of situations." The voice called, stifling a chuckle. "Who knows if someone's listening in, yeah?"

Youmu paused, but sighed lightly.

"Alright...P." she stated, lightly. "I've..found something that I need your help for. One of my classmates had a...strange presence about him."

"Strange? That kind of strange? Or, stealing your gym clothes strange?"

"Supernatural strange." Youmu quickly added with another flush, shaking her head. "Purple glow on his eyes..that kind of thing."

"Ah...Sounds supernatural, alright." the voice, "P" called. "I'll be down there in a day or two. Make sure you have my room ready."

"I..I will. Thank you." Youmu stated, breathing a sigh of relief. "I'd be worried if something happened in my school like that..."

"Don't worry. Supernatural Hunter P is on the case." the voice replied confidently, grinning. "I'll save your little boyfriend in no time."

"He's not my.." Youmu protested, starting down the hall.

"I know, I'm just messin with ya." P replied, likely grinning. "What kind of.."

A dial tone rang out at this, the other line having shut down. Outside of the school...quite a ways away, a girl stood with a grin on her face. Crimson hair descended past her shoulders, black roots showing it was dyed. A loose violet shirt, and black pants hugged her body slightly. One eye gleamed with a silvery aura, as she tucked away the phone on her body.

"Figures. She's always been too fun to tease." she called out to no one, reaching beside her to pull out a segmented staff, with a shimmering edge on the end. "Still..if anything's threatening my little sister and her classmates..It should be my duty to solve this case."

She flicked out the staff, it forming into a Scythe as she swung it ominously.

"I hope whatever it is will be worth my time..." she called, a dark shoe stamping out the last remnants of a shadowy essence....The target of her last investigation "Haven't felt a good rush in a long time."

=========

[Chapter 8: Pact End.]

*013*2016-04-17 07:16

[Chapter 9: Pushing Limits]

Ring...Ring..Ring..

There was the bell, signalling the end of History class. Faust slumped over on his desk, looking at the notes as he'd finally suppressed his urges, and wasn't seeing undergarments, and numbers everywhere he looked. His notes suffered, and the pinkette never returned from her bathroom trip...But, things had at least been looking up.

'Only have Gym left..and I'll be home free. he thought to himself, picking up his [and Yuno's] things as the class inevitably crowded their way out of the room.

"All of that power..and you don't use any of it." Saril's voice called out, musing once more. "Surely you're not afraid, are you?"

"I'm not afraid..." Faust mouthed to the woman, closing his eyes. "I just...think there's a time and place for everything. And this..."

"Is the ideal kind of time." Saril finished, fluttering down. "The kind of things you desire....It's simply no fun to have all that build up..without a satisfying climax. Life without a little....risk is hardly living at all."

"I understand...but.."

"And...if you don't use my powers today, Remember.....any other times in the future..." Saril reminded, fluttering down to look him in the eye. "It'll cost you. Do you really want to give up your taste of power, without even a single incident?"

"I don't, but.."

"Then prove it." Saril added sternly, pressing a finger to his head. "Show me that you're worth staying around...Or you might have to do without me."

"What about Konpaku?" Faust remarked, gesturing. "You seemed pretty worried about me hanging out with her. Since..she could see you?"

"Tch..." Saril scoffed, turning her head away. "Just because some girl could spoil your fun doesn't stop you from having it, does it? Like if you're watching one of those videos..."

"Alright, Fine. I'll try it." Faust snapped, shaking his head. "Just...leave me alone, alright? I can handle myself."

"Can you? ..Can you really..?" Saril taunted...turning her head back as Faust glared up at her. He quietly stomped off, braving the crowd of students as he passed through the halls..and started into the bathroom. Saril fluttered about outside, glancing around for the familiar head of white hair.....before leaning up against the wall. A few minutes passed...before she saw the head of green emerge once again...

Though, no sooner had he looked at her, did he look away, merely moving along.

"What did you do?" Saril mused, the boy continuing on quietly.

"You'll see." Faust remarked, borrowing a bit of her teasing tone. Saril frowned, but finally went silent...Starting along with him as he made his way to the Gym.

"You wanna see how well I can handle myself?" he whispered to the Goddess, pushing open the door. "Then just watch..and you'll see how well I can do so."

Saril tilted her head slightly, but merely followed the boy in, shimmering ever so slightly as she saw the white haired girl from before.

"H..Hey Faust." Youmu's voice called, waving her hand at him lightly.

"Hey Youmu." Faust replied with a small smile, waving back. "Hopefully, Gym won't be too bad, yeah?"

"Y..yeah.." The girl replied, flushing deeply as she averted her gaze. A small flush could be seen on her face, before a sudden shrieking could be heard from the girl's bathroom. Girls scurried out in a hurried manner, tugging down shirts, or tugging up shorts. Faust raised an eyebrow, one of the girls even tumbling out with her shorts around her ankles, teal panties exposed, and a puddle growing behind her. He averted his gaze politely, one hand covering his eyes a bit as the purple flared up.

'Gotta stay calm..' he thought, as the teacher moved over.

"What happened?!" she called out to the girls, who pointed hurriedly back at the door.

"Th..there's...A flood!" one girl called out, quickly...The poor girl at the end covering herself with a flush.

"The toilets just....erupted!"

"There's water everywhere!"

"My shoes are all wet...!"

"Calm down, calm down." The teacher called, turning her head. "I'll call the janitor immediately. Wait in your spots everyone."

"M..may I..." the soaked girl sniffled, the teacher letting out a sigh.

"Yes..You may be excused." She called, the girl hoisting up her shorts..now nursing a giant wet spot as she scurried out of the gym. Faust turned his head away from the group at this, going to change his own clothes as the Goddess followed.

"That was you, wasn't it?" Saril mused with a chuckle, as Faust was pulling on his gym shirt.

"Just watch." he re-asserted, starting out of the changing rooms as he moved to his spot.

"Yuno's glad she changed before all of that happened." the familiar pinkette mused, Faust shaking his head lightly.

"Yeah..seriously." he remarked, watching the Gym teacher do what he could guess was informing the Janitor of the..situation.

"Wh-What do you think happened..?" Youmu's voice called, scooting over to the two.

"Probably some kind of prank.." Faust guessed, shrugging his shoulders. "Though, at the end of the day? Really?"

"Yuno wonders..." the pinkette pondered, as the Gym teacher started towards them, the janitor looking moderately disgruntled.

"Alright class.." the teacher called out to the group, rubbing her head. "Because of this...incident, the girl's room is going to be shut down until our Janitor can get the mess cleaned up."

She was met with a myriad of protests, raising her hands in response.

"Now now..Calm down." the teacher ordered, gesturing with a firm expression until they quieted down. "We'll make sure you get your things and such in time. But, for now..We're going to do some basic stretches...And we'll be playing Dodgeball today."

The class had a mixed response to the game, some of the group cheering...and others groaning. The gym teacher merely scowled at the group, the class quieting even faster than before. Faust was..indifferent to the game. You threw balls at the other team, tried to hit them, and tried to not get hit yourself. If a ball was thrown, and caught before it hit the ground, the thrower was out. Simple enough....

"Ahh..Have you played Dodgeball, Youmu?" Yuno's voice called, as the class stretched. Touching their toes, twisting a bit, and doing a few jumping jacks.

"Once or twice..." she replied, with an uneasy tone. "When i was in elementary school...Do you think they'll go easy on me?"

"Yuno...sincerely doubts it." the pinkette remarked in an honest..if not assuring tone.

"Figures..." Youmu muttered, as the teacher blew a whistle.

"Alright! Everyone, line up! We're gonna pick teams." she called, glancing over the class as a whole. "We'll need two team captains....."

The class raised their hands in turn, save for Faust and Youmu. The teacher's eyes glanced over the crowd...and gestured.

"Troit.." She started, prompting a girl with lime green hair, and a purple ribbon in her hair starting forward. Ellie Troit...A classmate that was always perky, polite, and cheery....If a bit of a doormat. She turned to face the crowd of students at this, beaming bright as usual as the teacher took over again.

"And.....Kazuma." she decided, a much...larger figure approached. Kazuma Kokiryu. One of the star linebackers for the school football team...and with good reason.

He had a ferocious temper, an imposing stature of about six foot three, and easily over two hundred and fifty pounds...of what he made sure to assert to everyone of 'Pure muscle.' Faust never openly debated the matter, knowing better than to try to match wits against fist like that.

"Who goes first..?" the imposing figure called, golden hazel eyes peering over the crowd...As if he was scouting for an actual war, rather than just a game.

'Probably the same thing to him.' Faust thought with a badly suppressed smirk, as the Gym teacher paused, pulling out a coin.

"Troit, call it." she remarked, flipping it into the air.

"A..Ah..! Heads!" she called quickly, the teacher catching the coin....and peering at it.

"Troit." the teacher mused, Kazuma snapping his eyes the other way in obvious annoyance. Because.....

"Gasai!" Ellie's voice called out, the pinkette moving in stride towards the girl's side with a polite smile. Kazuma sneered, and glanced out amidst the crowd in annoyance. Yuno was one of the most popular, (And Talented) students when it came to physical activity....Always the first pick on teams. Compared to her..

"Wakui." Kazuma's voice called, a boy with bleached hair striding past Faust to his side. He wasn't the most imposing figure in the group, but he had good technique. Of course, with that...

"Tsuchiko!" Ellie's voice called, one of the more bookish girls passing by him. Brown hair, glasses... Her name was...Aussa, if he recalled correctly. Faust leaned back and closed his eyes, knowing how this kind of thing went.

"Yamakaji." Kazuma spat, another giant of a teen with crimson hair passing by him.

"Shijima!" Ellie's voice beckoned, a much skinnier and much less imposing boy passing Faust by.

"Hand." Kazuma addressed, one of the other, taller girls moving to his side. .Imposing in her own right, her body toned in the same manner that the other members selected by him was.

"Konpaku!" Ellie addressed, Youmu's eyes widening a bit in surprise, pointing at herself, and then eagerly hopping over to the girl's side.

The two would pick out just about every other student before him. Ellie, out of her own insistence on trying to make sure no one felt unwanted......And Kazuma, because well...

"Ban." the linebacker snapped, a few people on his team protesting.

"She's got a Fractured Wrist, Kazuma." one of the students called in disbelief, gesturing towards the red head's firm cast.

"I'm aware." Kazuma merely retorted, silencing the boy as he glared at Faust. A chill could be felt running down his spine...before he slumped over a bit.

"Oh..! Sorry Necromonium." Ellie's voice called, bowing deeply. "I should have picked you sooner..."

"Don't worry about it." He assured, waving aside her worries and apologies, as the teacher sent them to their sides. 'After all..'

The green haired girl flinched, lightly tensing her legs as the teacher blew the whistle, signalling the start of an all-out war.

'It was part of my plan.'

"W..wait..! C..Can we pause for a..."

Almost immediately, the imposing figure of a team captain rose to the front lines, sending a ball straight down the path of their own troubled team captain. Faust winced as he heard the Thud of impact, watching Ellie tumble to the ground. He hadn't intended on it being Kazuma being the one that had hit her....But, it made the resulting Pssssssssshing sound make all of the more sense.

"Oh my God, Kokiryu, you hit her so hard she pissed herself." one of the guys on Kazuma's team called, making the group stop and stare. Ellie's face flushed bright red as she crossed over her legs, trying to stem her flow.

"A..A..Ahhhhnn...N..No..No..." the girl stammered, covering herself up as the group started to laugh at her....

Before a ball went whizzing by, silencing one the chuckling boys by clocking him square in the face, and knocking him to the ground.

"Are you okay, Troit?" Yuno's voice called, moving over to stand in front of the soaking girl. "Yuno can't believe he'd do something like that.."

"A..Ahnnn..Gasai.." Ellie snivelled, before another ball went soaring past, Yuno barely having time to dodge out of the way.

"Tch...Reflexes still second to none, Gasai." Kazuma spat, having had a laser focus on his goal from here. Faust glanced to the team warily, realizing all too soon why he wasn't focusing on anyone else.

Most of their team was...less than ideal for anything athletic, much less against actual athletes. Yuno was clearly the only threat on their team.....Though...

"Why isn't the teacher stopping any of this..?" Youmu called, snapping Faust's attention back to the topic at hand.

"Yeah, you'd think.." he started, glancing up as the woman darted outside of the Gym, her hands buried under a pair of magenta track pants. 'I definitely accounted for her..' With no teacher to halt the match, it was clear that Kazuma's side wasn't going to stop until they had claimed victory....Come Hell, or spilled waters.

"Get off the court, Troit." Kazuma snapped, turning his head as a ball started past him, the tall girl from before catching the ball.

"Bad move Shijima." she snapped, the skinny brown haired boy visibly flinching.

"Right! Rightright! I'm out! I getcha..See y-"

Whumpf

He was out, indeed...And, someone gently drug him over to the side of the court. It was clear that the other team was playing for keeps...And well...

"T..Time out...Hold on.." Aussa's voice called suddenly, the brunette holding her arms in a T fashion. "Can't it wait until the teacher gets back? I mean..We need to clean the court, and...and.."

Whumpf

She had been hit in the chest, but fell down all the same. She flinched, biting her lips....and letting out a tensed, pained groan. Red rose to her cheeks, as a puddle started to flow out from under her, the girl suffering an accident similar to what the team captain had.

"Dude, again?" one of the guys called, Kazuma scowling.

"We're going to finish this." the boy snapped, bracing himself and stomping down a foot. His eyes were set..his target was locked....

Yet, Yuno never gave up trying to do her best for the team, passing balls back to the others, and making an advance herself. As she saw the red head with the cast grabbing a ball as well, she flung a ball at the girl's leg, it smacking against her and almost immediately bouncing to the ground. A tricky shot to get right...But, allowing the girl to get sent out before she could get hurt. Despite being the best player on the team though..She was just one girl.

"Now." Kazuma called, winging out a ball towards the pinkette that she couldn't dodge. The impact of it against her side in an ill-timed turn could be heard through the room.....

Yet, before the ball could hit the ground, Faust had dove for it, arms outstretched as he gripped it between his fingers. A dramatic save.....That caused the taller boy to pause.

"....Dammit." Kazuma snapped, the others turning.

"You know...we don't have anyone enforcing the rules."

"You could just....keep hitting them, and nobody can stop you."

"No...." Kazuma called, quietly pacing over to the side of the area...and sitting down properly. An unexpectedly graceful loser.....Though..

"Well, nothing's stopping us from doing so." The red haired member of the team called, grinning as he looked at the white haired girl by her lonesome. "Wonder if I can pop this one like Kokiryu did. Maybe if I get her right between the legs..."

Youmu flinched, whimpering as she held her hands in front of her face, stumbling back and falling onto her rump.

"P..please don't..!" she pleaded, as she heard the loud wooshing of balls being flung by her head. Each one hit the wall with a loud, painful Thud.... enough for her to imagine what it would be like to be hit by one of them. Each one prompted another whimper...another shake...a squeak....

And eventually, a section of her shorts grew a bit darker than the rest of the material as it pooled between her legs.

"Oh my god..is she really..?"

"You sick bastard, Yamakaji. You did it." one of the guys called, guffawing. "You scared her so bad she pissed herself. What a baby, right?"

"Bwahaha...Oh my god...Are you even a High-schooler? I mean.."

"You mean What, Yamakaji?"

A stern, commanding...and outright Terrifying voice called out...One that made even the hardasses of the school quake in fear.....

Miss Emil. The sternest, strictest, and downright most ferocious teacher in the whole school. With firm disciplinary methods, a glare that would make a Medusa turn to stone, and the cold, steely eyes of a professional at her craft.

Rumors floated about her being a former interrogator for the Military...Others said she descended from Gods of torture themselves...and some just said she was just a literal nightmare, given physical form. The last thing you would ever want to do is be caught....

"Bullying another student.." The woman stated in a low, cool voice. "Mister Yamakaji..I don't believe I need to remind you what the punishment is for that.."

"N..No..! No..please.." the man stammered, moving over to the woman and kneeling down. "Please...Please...Not again...Please don't....I'll do anything! I'll lick your boots! I'll crawl around on all fours and bark like a dog! I'll Apologize! Anything but..."

"See me after school...Yamakaji." The woman called flatly, glancing at the janitor still mopping up the bathrooms...and then turning along on her path. The boy stared at the empty space where the teacher had been....And, his entire group did as well. Everyone, save for...

"Karma is a bitch." Kazuma stated quietly, standing up. "This is why you need to know when to stop, Yamakaji. We'll have to start practice without you again, it seems."

"K..Kaz man.."

"You brought this on yourself." the linebacker stated flatly, shaking his head. "I can't help you. Nobody can help you from here."

The whole class had gone silent..No comments on the repeated accidents, the game...or, even regular conversation could be heard throughout the gym...Now eerily quiet. The way Miss Emil usually left rooms.

"Konpaku.. It's okay.." Faust's voice called, softly. "The game's over..."

"Yuno should have paid more attention, Youmu.." the pinkette added, apologietically. "She just was too focused on the game, and didn't see you were in trouble...So..."

"I..I..I..It's okay.." Youmu's voice sniffled, blushing red as she glanced from side to side. "Is..where is..."

"They're...waiting on the teacher to get back." Faust answered, gesturing towards the group. The whole class had agreed to call off the game after the intrusion by Miss Emil, content instead to just sit quietly. "I'm sorry we....Well..umm.."

"I..it's fine..I'm...used to it." Youmu replied meekly, covering herself in her knees. "I..I'm s-s-s-sorry..."

"Don't be...He was out of line." Yuno's voice called, gently nudging the girl. "Yuno'll help you, Youmu. Come on.."

Faust gave the two some space, watching as Yuno ushered Youmu towards the same place the other two girls that had accidents had gone. Even with the Janitor's cleaning underway, they still had the Nurse's office to go to....Or, at least that's where he figured they would be. As the group made it's way out of the door though, Faust closed his eyes.

"Was that enough to prove I'm not afraid of it?" he called under his breath, the Goddess fluttering down.

"Depends on how much of that was you...and how much was just coincidence."

Faust smirked, and gestured through the wall, about where his things were. Saril floated through the walls, coming up to his bag in the Guy's room..and starting to thumb through the notebook.

Marisa Makyua: At 2:30 PM, she clogs up the girl's bathrooms in the school gym, flooding out the entire room. On her way out, she stumbles, and loses control all over herself.

Eriko Emiya: 2:45 PM Puts her students into two different teams for dodgeball...Selecting Ellie and Kazuma As Captains.. After the game starts, she experiences a sudden urge, and has to dart to the third floor bathrooms to try to make it to the bathroom in time....Leaking enough to stall her from returning to class immediately.

Ellie Troit: 2:46 PM Chooses Faust as the last member on her team, then experiences an overpowering urge as the match starts. When she gets hit with a dodgeball, she loses control all over the gym room floor.

Aussa Tsuchiko: 2:52 PM She experiences an overpowering urge, and asks for a time-out in the game. Pees herself when hit with a ball.

Youmu Konpaku: 2:55 PM Wets herself in fear when dodging a myriad of dodgeballs aimed close to her...only saved when a Teacher interrupts the class.

"Oh my...he was busy." Saril mused to herself, floating back to the boy as she gave him an approving grin. The boy smirked back at the Demoness, his purple eye glowing brightly...Before eventually...

Brrrrrrrrrring...Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrring

It was over. Gym class had ended, and everyone had their time to change into regular clothes...And head for the buses. Faust met up with Youmu and Yuno, the trio having a mostly silent ride to their homes...Yuno following Faust along after his stop to his place.

======

"Still though, Five names in a row..." Saril mused, recollecting at the end of the day. "You really are a vulgar boy..making so many women experience your little...tastes."

"Hey, you were the one who goaded me into it." Faust cited, closing his eye as the purple eye shone. "If you didn't accuse me of being a coward..."

"You're a fool, if you're baited that easily." Saril retorted, twirling her hands a bit. "And if you're not careful, someone will take advantage of that."

"Like you?" He remarked, in a matter-of-fact tone. "I know how to tell when I'm being conned...I just wanted a reason to really see how much I could do."

"Sure you did." Saril mused, as she fluttered around him. "Though, maybe now, you understand just how powerful that book you carry is. It's no dream journal...."

"I'll say." Faust called, glancing at the note. "Something that can incite some dreams, yeah...but, it's much more.."

"You're just scratching the surface.." Saril mused in her ever taunting tone, fluttering up. "Though..I suppose if I goad you into everything, you'll never truly learn on your..."

"Right.." Faust remarked flatly, shaking his head. "I think I'll be fine. I know how to handle myself."

"Fauuuuuuuuust!" Yuno's voice called, prompting the boy to turn. Saril shrugged lightly, the boy turning.

"Coming..!" he replied, starting down the hall into his room....And almost immediately, he regretted what he had said.

For in the hands of the Pinkette was...a Certain...

"Faust....is this Omorashi-Weekly Yours?"

Incriminating, vulgar magazine he thought he had hid well.

=========

Chapter 9: Pushing Limits End

*020*2016-05-08 17:53

Faust would like to apologize for the lengthy delays between chapters. Faust is just....decently exhausted from real life things. He hopes that he can keep a slightly less delayed schedule. Though, in the meantime....

Faust would like to warn that this chapter is a bit more...Adult than some of the other ones. If you are sensitive to that kind of thing, or are otherwise not wishing to read that...

Well, Faust figured he'd give the warning in case there was any that wanted it. He hopes you continue to read, and enjoy the tale...

======

[Chapter 10: Breaking Boundaries:]

"U..Umm..."

"Yuno asked you a question, Faust." The pinkette called, stepping closer to the boy, hoisting the magazine up higher. "Is this 'Omorashi Weekly', Faust's?"

The cover was of some stereotypical blonde girl, holding her crotch as a stream burst from behind her fingers. He hadn't really had a chance to peruse the issue with the recent events...But as the pinkette held it up, he struggled to find any words to respond, the purple fading from his eyes quickly.

"It...umm...Ahhh.." he barely managed to stammer, as the girl pulled the magazine down, opening it up as her eyes glanced over it. "It's....I..I mean...You see....A..Aahhnn.."

Pink eyes poured over the pages, as Faust quietly awaited his fate. A cold sweat could be felt going down his neck, the silence growing heavier and heavier by the minute, until....

"So..." Yuno's voice started, moving closer towards him. "This kind of thing...Turns Faust on?"

"A...Ah..?" Faust barely had time to respond, before the pinkette suddenly pressed against him...and he could feel soft flesh pressing into his body. The girl's fingers lightly grazed over his shoulder, the other hand still palming the book.

"So...if Faust were to see this..." Yuno's voice called, pulling the magazine up to his line of sight. He was presented with the sight of a girl with teal hair, positively flooding a pair of greying, blue striped panties. "Faust would get...excited?"

Faust felt a sudden brush of fingers against his lower waist, the girl's fingers running over him.

"A..Ah...Yuno.." he stammered, flushing deeply as the girl pressed into him.

"Shush, Faust.." she whispered, pressing her lips to his neck. "I'm talking now..."

He could feel his face flushing up...before suddenly, his eyes fluttered closed...

And, in just as quick a moment, the bright rays of the sun shone through the blinds..and Faust winced.

"Nnnghh...Five more...Ah?" he murmured, before suddenly rocketing up in his bed, looking around.

"She went home, lover-boy." Saril's voice teased out of him, leaning against the wall quietly. "And you'll thank me later."

"What...did you do?" Faust replied, before wincing...and in a flash, the memories of the previous night had rushed back. Yuno had found his magazines...but, rather than being repulsed, she had..made advances on him....

His face flushed red at the thought, lightly pulling the covers aside on his bed as he sat on the edge of it.

'Then...She was taking off her shir...shir...shirt..' he thought, blushing deeper, as he pictured it. His hands had gone to rub at her sides instinctually...and, she winced. A bruise on her side from the dodgeball game....an ounce of hesitation. However, from there....he could only remember in patches. The two had quietly halted their movements...and she seemed even more reserved than before...And, apparently had gone home on her own.

"I took over." Saril stated, plainly. "We have a contract, after all. I was taking over to.."

"To what?" Faust snapped, face still flushed with effort. "I didn't owe you anything! You said I could use those powers for free that day! I don't recall saying you could take an advance out on my body!"

"If you'll listen for a few moments.." Saril continued, her usual grin being marred with a frown.

"No, you listen!" he snapped, moving over to grab the book. "I can get rid of this at anytime....And that'd end our contract, wouldn't it? You'd lose out on your fun, and.."

"Yes, it would..but.."

"But nothing! You robbed me of a...precious moment." He remarked, glancing to the side. "And..I can't forgive you for that."

"I didn't rob you of anything." Saril called, pointing at the note. "You have the oppurtunity to recreate that scene at any time...With my power."

"Yeah...but it's not going to be genuine as that." he quipped, clearly sour about her interference. The Goddess sighed, before fluttering around to him.

"Fine..Fine. I'll pay you compensation for doing that." She called out in her low tone, running her finger over his chin. "I'll pay you back...for every bit you were denied. With your little harlot, or what have you..."

Faust frowned, still obviously pouting as the being fluttered.

"And...I'll give you a free pass." she added, running a finger on his wrist. A small surge of energy flowed through her, before forming into a tiny, barely visible key on his forearm. "Simply touch that to my mark in one way or another..And It'll free you of any costs to using my abilities. That better?"

Faust still scowled, mumbling under his breath.

"I can take it back, you know." She added, Faust letting out a sigh.

"Yeah..fine. fine." he answered, starting to prepare for class. "Am still mad though.."

"Yes, yes..I get it. But listen..."

"Just..don't talk to me today." he snapped, pulling on his shirt. "Leave me alone...Just for today, alright? I can handle myself without you...And, you don't want to get found out by Konpaku, now do you?"

Saril's brow furrowed, and she bit her lip in a firm frown...before stretching herself back.

"You know what? Sure...Fine. I'll take a day off." she called, yawning loudly. "You have fun with school, lover boy. Tell everyone I said Hello."

"I will." he responded flatly, grabbing his things. "Have a nice day, Saril."

"You know how to reach me." the Goddess called with a wave of her finger, her clothes falling to the floor. Faust flushed, and turned his gaze back towards the door, starting out of the apartment in a muted huff.

The path to the bus stop was quiet and uneventful, as Faust looked around.

'I hope Yuno's not mad..' he thought quietly, glancing around the area. 'She's usually here before me...but..'

As he'd thought it, the pinkette seemed to appear...coming over the horizon with her bag slung over her shoulder in a hurry. He waved his hand at the girl, as she came careening over the sidewalk.

"Ahahhhhhh..! Yuno's late! Yuno's late! Yuno's very late!" she cried out, scurrying to his side. "Yuno's sorry Faust! Yuno hit her alarm once, and then again..and again..and..."

"A..Ah..it's okay Yuno.." Faust assured, waving a hand. "The bus hasn't come yet, and.."

"Ah...! And she wasn't...last night.." She added, with a flush. "Yuno was really ti.......Yuno's..."

"A..Ah..it's.." Faust stammered back, blushing as he averted his gaze once more. Thankfully, the bus saved the two from an awkward moment, pulling in as if on cue. Faust hurriedly started onto the bus with the pinkette, the two quickly finding their seats.

"So...Umm.." Yuno sttaed quietly, averting her gaze. "Faust..isn't mad at Yuno?"

Faust paused, before lightly shaking his head,...a smile coming to his lips again.

"Of course not." he assured, lightly rubbing her shoulder. "I could never be mad at you."

A broad smile could be seen forming on the girl's face, before the bus suddenly jerked to a stop, sending them forward a bit.

"Sorry! Had to dodge a cat." the driver called, the students groaning in annoyance as the bus started up again, and eventually...They made their way to school.

As they stepped off from the bus, Faust felt the pinkette pressing against his side again.

"Faust...You can wait for me here, right?" She called, pressing her legs lightly together. "I'll...Be right back."

"Ah..? Oh...S..Sure." he answered, blushing lightly. He had a feeling he knew where she was going...And decided to lean up against the wall.

'Was last night even real..?' he thought to himself, shaking his head again. 'I mean...It still feels....surreal...'

He hadn't had any problems with Yuno going through his private sort of things before...And, she'd never been that forward before. Thinking of how Saril had interrupted by taking over for him at that point, he felt a frown making it's way to his face....But it was dispelled by a familiar voice...Even if a pair of hands went over his eyes to try to mask it.

"Guess who, Fausty-poo?" Yuno's voice cooed softly, as he felt her pressing her body into him once more.

"I'm gonna guess...Yuno?" he lightly called back, feigning ignorance enough for the girl to giggle. As she removed his hands, and he turned to face the girl though, he tilted his head.

"Yuno..? You're..Wearing Jeans now?" he remarked quietly, as the girl smiled, turning around and placing a hand on her....shapely bottom.

"You like em? I think they hug my hips very well." Yuno mused, wiggling her rear at him slightly. Faust found himself staring for a few moments...Prompting him to shyly avert his gaze, and blush again.

"Y..Yeah..They do." he meekly stammered, before feeling the girl tug him down towards her, her voice dropping to a whisper.

"And they're so tight, my tinkle tank could just...explode."

Faust could feel the red forming on his face completely eclipsing any other emotion he had. A thousand thoughts raced through his head as he briefly turned, the pinkette still softly rocking her hips, and bouncing on her toes.

"Y..Yuno..?" he weakly whimpered, the girl starting to drag him along.

"Better hurry, or we'll be late." the girl called, with a mischevious, pleased grin. "No time for bathroom breaks, or any other detours."

"Y..Yes..Yes.." Faust replied with a hefty blush, trying to calm himself before he marched into class. The girl was..far more direct than she usually was....But..she was...and he....

He blushed as he diverted his gaze to the wall again....Embarassed at the very thought.

'I...Kind of like being drug around like this.' he thought with a flush, as the two made their way to their classroom..Yuno taking her seat and rocking in it slightly. Faust sat down next to her, as the girl lowered a hand to her lap.

"Faust should take very good notes today." Yuno's voice called in a quiet and soft, yet commanding tone. "That way, Yuno can focus on more....pressing matters."

Faust didn't need to be told twice, grasping his pen and notebook in a flash. For the first time in a while, he was ready for class to start. Even as the teacher droned on and on, Faust nearly transcribed the whole lesson, stealing a glance of the girl next to him.

Yuno trembled, and tensed her thighs every so often, putting the tip of her pen into her mouth with one hand. Her other hand remained firmly in her lap, gripping herself every so often. with a few soft. tensed whimpers that only Faust could hear. He could only imagine how much she was holding as he had worked to keep writing..the teacher finally closing the book for the day after what felt like an incredibly short lesson.

"Alright, that's enough for today. Feel free to take the last few minutes to yourself." She called, prompting the class to do it's usual thing, and explode into chatter. As Faust looked over to Yuno, the girl gripped herself again.

"Well..class is over." he called to the girl, Yuno letting out a soft whimper.

"Mmm..and I need to go baaaaaad." Yuno whispered, her other hand pulling out the pen to show it full of chew marks. "But...I don't know if I should ask to go.....Mean teacher might not let me."

Faust blushed deeper at this, glancing at the teacher, and then the girl in turn. He paused for a few moments, before chancing a reply.

"Can you hold it..?" he asked her with a small smile. "If you can-"

A thought that was met with a response he hadn't expected. No sooner than the words 'hold it' come out of his mind, did the pinkette hold something indeed, reaching across the table with an encouraging squeze.

"I think Yuno can hold it for another class." the girl mused back to him in a whisper, the boy flushing with his mouth agape.

"I..I...Okay.."

The girl let loose her grip before anyone could notice, leaving the boy flustered, and staring blankly. He eventually came to his senses, in time for the bell to ring. Faust put away his things, Yuno moving to his side eagerly as he started out into the halls with her.

"A..are you sure you can hold it for another class..?" He whispered to her, the girl giving him a coy smile.

"Nope." She whispered back, pressing his hand against her. He could feel her tensed, quivering thighs...And her trembling. "And these jeans just make it...So. Tough. on my bladder..."

Faust was, at this point, resigned to his fate at perpetually flushing from the girl's responses. He quietly murmured an affirmative to her response, the girl letting out a giggle as they paced the halls to their next class. Faust could feel every little quiver...every little shake..every ounce of desperation that flowed through Yuno's body..and judging by her expression, Faust imagined she knew this too.

All too soon they were in their next class, and the process from before repeated...with Faust penning notes, and the pinkette's squirms and writhes becoming much more evident. Enough so that...

"Miss Gasai..since you seem so full of energy, why don't you solve the equation on the board?" the teacher called, making the pinkette gasp.

"Ohh..It's gonna come out.." She whispered to Faust, as she struggled to her seat. "If only there was something to help me...hold it."

Faust could feel his excitement jumping up at this...As the girl slowly paced her way to the front of the class. There was a telling shake in her step, a quiver in her motions..Accented by the tightness of her jeans that did little to hide her urges. Faust found himself staring again as the girl reach for a marker, legs scissoring together.

'..You know..' he thought as the girl lightly doubled over, a few struggled gasps making their way to his ears..and the class. He reach into his bag, pulling out the black notebook, and fanning it open to a page. '..That can be arranged.'

He'd never been so..casual, and open with the note...But, if she wanted to hold out just a little bit longer...

His pen shifted notebooks as the girl prepared to solve the equation. It felt..very naughty to be using the note on someone that was already bursting...But....

'Yuno Gasai. 1:05 PM. She makes her way away from the crowd of students. Though..

He let his pen drop as the girl started back to her seat, giving him a naughty smile.

"Almost lost it.." she whispered in a low voice, prompting the boy to smile lightly.

"But you held it." he responded in an equally low voice, the girl starting to lean over again..But flinching as her hands buried into her jeans.

"N..not for much longer at this rate.." She mused back to him, her whole body starting to quiver. "Am..gonna have to go before lunch..Or It'll.."

Faust lightly tensed his own body at this, the unthinkable coming to mind. Those tight jeans...a large dark patch flowing down them....The material shimmering with liquid...and it even trailing up her rump since she was sitting down. He lightly figeted in his own seat at this, waiting for the class to end with an excitement he'd never felt before.

The girl next to him wiggled in her seat more and more, biting another pen repeatedly as she crossed her legs tightly, tears starting to well up in her eyes. He could practically taste the tension in the air around her, as she eyed the clock warily.

12:55....

12:56....

12:57...

Faust himself had taken to gnawing on his own pen, watching as the minutes ticked down, starting to picture it once again. Her squirming reaching a fever pitch...Her body seizing up and freezing...before....

Briiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiing..Briiiiiiiiiiiiing riiiiiing.

The bell! It rang out loud, signalling the end of class...And judging by the way the girl basically leapt out of her chair, the end of her control. Faust let out a devious grin, packing away his things as he slung his bag over his shoulder.

'Perhaps I should have given it a bit more time. he thought as he waded through the crowd of students. Time was ticking down, and he needed to look for someplace that would be away from the crowd of students.

'Shoulda been more specific with where she was. he thought, looking up at the clock as the time ticked down.

1:03........

No sight of the girl...

1:04...

The crowd was slowly filtering to the lunchroom, thinning out the halls as he paced around. He took a few detours around the building to try to spy the girl, the eagerness in his step evident as that last minute seemed to last an age. He saw a few passing students, empty halls, and even a cat looking in on the building from the outside through his pacing. Until.....

1:05

He could feel his heart hammering as he paced, eyes and ears open to any rogue sounds of dismay, distress, or.....flowing liquid. Somewhere in there...Yuno's control had ceased, and she was.....

His pacing quickened as he circled around the same place for a few rotations, darting around to find the girl....to no avail.

"Where could she have gone..?" he called to himself, before hearing the sounds of a flushing toilet from one of the bathrooms. He gave a soft, coy grin...before striding over beside it and waiting.

A few moments passed, the sink running...and then the door being pushed open.

"Phew that was close.."

"Everything okay?" he called teasingly, before seeing who it was. Not the pinkette who had been tantalizing him all day, but...

"A..A..Ah..of course Faust." Youmu's voice called, flushing lightly. "Though..."

Faust himself flinched at the sight of the girl, averting his gaze from her quietly.

"A..Ah..So..sorry. I was looking for Yuno and...well.." he clarified quickly, trying to assure the girl he wasn't trying to creep on her. "She..said she had to..ya'know..and.."

"Ah..?" Youmu sounded back, pausing for a few moments as she flushed. "I..I see. I was kind of worried when you didn't say Hi this morning, but you seemed busy with Yuno, so...."

Faust flinched, feeling a sudden pang of guilt. He hadn't greeted her that morning at all...

In fact, he didn't even know she was there. He was so lost in his lust that he'd completely written off the other girl. His eyes glanced up at the clock lightly, his shoulders sagging a bit.

1:10.

He'd missed his chance with Yuno...Though, more important at the moment..

"Yeah..Sorry.." he apologized, quietly. "She...We were kind of busy..And..Um...I've been..ah.."

"Distracted?" the girl's voice replied, reddening him further.

"Y..yeah.." he meekly responded, still refusing to meet her gaze. It was one thing that Yuno knew, but the girl they'd just become friends with a short while ago...

"That's okay.." Youmu's voice replied, before he felt a hand on his side. "I think I know how you can...make it up to me."

"Ah..?" He sounded, turning back to face the snow haired girl as she adopted the same, coy grin that Yuno had been wearing. Before he could question her any further, he felt her gripping a sensitive part of him, making the boy's face glow crimson. "Y..Youmu..!"

"Come on.." the girl replied in a lower, but lustful tone he wasn't aware she was capable of using. Before he could protest, she'd drug him into the girl's bathroom and pressed him up against the wall, standing on her tip toes to kiss at his neck. He involuntarily shivered as the girl danced over his belt buckle, starting to unfasten it as he tried to push her off.

"Y..Youmu, what are you doing? he responded, seeing an...unnatural pink glow in the girl's eyes. She grinned, before wrapping her arms around his neck, and pulling him to the ground of the bathroom floor.

"Finishing what I started." the girl mused back, mounting him like one would ride a horse. Her hands slid down to his collar to hoist him up for another quick kiss, the boy seeing the outline of another figure behind her. No sooner had he caved into the girl's fevered kiss, did he find her turning around and shoving her skirted rump in his face.

"I'll have you know.." the girl called, Faust barely able to make out another's essence as the girl's skirt hovered over his face, teal striped panties hugging the petite girl's body firmly. "That this'll be the best you've ever felt in your life...Before.."

He could feel the girl's hands squeezing him more directly, prompting the boy to try to thrash free of her...but feeling strangely drained. Something held out an oppressive aura over him, but he couldn't figure out what it was...

'Ah...Was this what....Saril meant..?' he thought, feeling his thoughts growing hazy. 'Dammit..maybe I should...have..'

As if on cue, he could hear someone else's voice chiming in on his thoughts. Though..

"Wow...kids these days can be so forward."

It was an unfamiliar one. He couldn't make out the figure due to his fading conciousness, but the petite girl's frame was suddenly lifted off of him...As something with a pink glow remained atop of him. He wiped his eyes with his sleeve, looking up to see an..older girl, about college age...With red hair, a violet shirt, and black pants....

Currently gripping what looked like a middle-aged woman with black wings and a crimson tail by the neck. He rubbed his eyes, and looked again...Showing no change in the situation.

"You alright there, buddy?" the stranger called, with a remarkably casual tone. "Looks like this thing nearly gotcha. But, luckily, i just happened to need to powder my nose at juuuuust the right time."

Faust flinched, and blushed at this, averting her gaze for a few moments. Youmu was laid out flat a few feet from him, but otherwise seemed uninjured. As he opened his mouth though, the girl flung the winged woman into a wall, a segmented staff forming in her hands as it was rammed into the woman's waist.

"Juuuust a second." she called, stopping Faust from remarking before she twisted it. "To the netherworld, i banish thee. Never trouble these two again..!"

There was a brilliant, golden glow...before a bright flash of light made Faust shield his eyes. As it faded, Faust was surprised to see the winged woman had dispersed into the air. He opened his mouth to ask again, as the girl folded up her staff.

"That was a Succubus." the mystery girl called, leaning against the wall. "They're nasty creatures that were positively overflowing with desire when they died. They say in the olden days, they'd visit sleeping men and sleep with them....But, nowadays, they're more like....Spirits."

"S...pirits?" Faust mouthed, tilting his head a bit.

"Yep." the girl called, with a small grin. "They look for guys with a lot of pent-up lust...Then, possess girls around them to try to coerce him into doing vulgar things with them. If he complies, and blows his top...They can drain him of his life energy, and kill him."

Faust flinched, his face losing it's flush entirely as he paled over.

"K..Kill..?"

"Yuppers!" the girl replied, standing back up off the wall. "If you'd have let yourself go, you'd be going out with a bang..in more than one way, ya get me?"

"Y..yeah.." he replied, looking to the new girl..and then to the silverette on the ground. "And..the girls they possess..?"

"They don't remember a thing." the girl replied, with a wave. "The succubus tends to pick out an ideal host, and possess them until they can finish their target. They don't have to stay in one body, but most do. When they're done, the girls can just go back to their daily lives with no problems....So long as no one else sees, of course."

Faust flushed again, glancing to the side as he realized the stranger had done just that. Though..

"That pink haired girl you were with was possessed too." she called, intercepting the thought quickly. "You seemed to notice she was acting a bit...different. That was prolly the succubus manipulating her to your..tastes."

Faust flushed, turning his head back to the girl and shaking his head.

"Th..that's not.." he started, as the girl chuckled, patting his head.

"It's fine, it's fine." the girl remarked, grinning widely. "Boys will be boys. Hormones are all muddled up. It's fine for you to be interested in girls your age. Or guys. Or, whatever gets your rocks off."

Faust blushed, opening his mouth again as the girl pressed a finger to his lips.

"I've heard it before." the girl mused again, clearly enjoying teasing him. "Just..be careful from now on, alright? Maybe find some nice vulgar magazine and some tissues or something on your own So you aren't targetted again, got it?"

Faust blushed deeply again, stammering to find the words to answer the girl as he eventually let out a huff of frustration. He wasn't going to be getting anywhere with the girl he felt...And the girl leaned back against the wall again with a much more professional smile.

"You can call me...Penelope." the girl answered, waving a finger. "Or Penny. or "P", if you wanna be silly."

"Penny's fine.." Faust answered quietly, the girl chuckling.

"Yeahhhh..I get that a lot." She called, before making a twirling gesture. "Anyways, You should be getting to class. Or, at least..getting out of this bathroom. I can handle supernatural occurances no problem, but it'll be harder to convince anyone you're not some kind of creepy pervert if they find you in here."

Faust paused, flinching and blushing as he moved to the door hurriedly.

"R..right...And...Thank you." he called, quickly as he tugged at the door. "T..Take care of Youmu for me, would you?"

"Sure, sure.." Penny remarked, waving her hands. "Get goin' lover boy."

The boy quickly exited the bathroom...and Penelope waited for a few quiet moments...before moving towards the girl's side, and lightly shaking her.

"Up and at'em Sis." she remarked, shaking her. "You got possessed again. Luckily, your big sis was here to save you and your boyfriend."

Youmu's eyes fluttered open, as she started to lean up, shaking her head.

"I..told you he's not my.." she started, before suddenly squeaking, and blushing. "W..wait Possessed? Again?! B..By what..?!"

"A Succubus, sis." Penny remarked, with a coy, cat-like grin.

"A succu...Oh...Oh gods.." Youmu replied, her face turning beet red. "Did he...And I..."

"Nah, i stopped before he could do anything to ya." Penny assured, grinning. "You on the other hand, were cupping third base, and about to have him for lunch."

The silverette blushed deeply, covering her mouth as she whimpered softly, tears welling up in her eyes.

"Relax. I told him it was the succubus." Penny added, waving a hand. "I didn't mention that the succubus can only really possess girls that have feelings for their target...or that they go for girls that particularly match that guy's...tastes."

"A..Ahh..! But..that's not..!" Youmu stammered, blushing even deeper. "I don't...and he..!"

"Are ya suuuuuuuure?" Penny taunted, nudging the girl with her elbow. "Not even a tiiiiiny, little bit? Like that tiiiiiiiiiny little stain on your panties that i can totally see from here?"

Youmu squeaked again, looking down to see her exposed...yet pristine underwear on display. She closed her legs, and frowned up at the girl, starting to push herself to her feet.

"You're horrible, sis.." Youmu muttered, staring at the floor.

"I know." Penny replied, chuckling. "Though....I doubt that was the last thing that's supernatural around here. I might have to stay around for a few weeks. Make sure nothing...cums of this situation."

Youmu blushed deep red, lightly swatting at the girl's arm in a huff.

"S..shut up.."

====

Faust lightly kicked at the ground as he paced the now empty halls, leaning back.

'Of course it was a succubus..' he thought, shaking his head. 'Yuno'd never be that forward...or..do...that kind of..'

He let out a breath he didn't know he was holding, putting his hands in his pockets as he wandered the halls. He could almost hear Saril's voice taunting him when he got back..with an 'I told you so.' or the like. It wasn't going to be fun...though..

'Maybe that means Yuno won't remember about my...stash.' he thought, thinking back. It had been odd of her to look through his things in the first place as much as she had...Much less, to suddenly advance things after finding it. It was entirely possible she had been possessed since they'd gotten out of the school the other day, and she wouldn't remember his secret.

'Maybe..' he thought, before hearing the door to the nurse's office opening. His head turned, and his face brightened, seeing the pinkette in question striding out in her gym outfit.

"A..Ah..! Hey Yuno..!" He called out, waving to the girl. She turned in question to him, flushing...but waving back.

"Faust..!" She called, darting over to him with a tight hug. "Yuno's very sorry....but she really really had to go..And...."

"It's okay, Yuno." Faust remarked, squeezing her back. "I understand."

Yuno lightly nuzzled his chest, burying her face in his shoulder.

"Yuno's zipper got stuck..and..And.." the girl sounded, lightly sniffling. "It just..came out...! Yuno's very sorry...!"

"It's fine. These things happe-"

"Yuno knows Faust wanted to see Yuno soak herself..." the girl added, prompting the boy to blush even brighter than before, tensing up again. "But..Yuno couldn't...not in front of so many people. I..If Faust wants, Yuno can hold it until we get home...and then.....for Faust...she can.....Go."

Faust blushed deeply again..awkwardly rubbing the girl's back as he struggled to find the right words.

"Yea...Su..Sure.."

[Chapter 10: Breaking Boundaries End]
