Dropped in a new world Arc 1

Author: lightman

*011*2018-08-01 09:26

I would like to thank Wannatripbaby for helpping me with the editing. My last editor seemingly vanished on me. But i'm hoping with Wanna’s help, this story will be much better ^.^

###

Ch 11

“GOD DAMN IT!!!!!” I screamed the next morning when I got back to the cave.

“Was the sword really gone?” Bab asked still in my t-shirt waiting for her clothes to finish drying by the fire.

“Yeah, and after it transformed too!” I yell in frustration. “I didn't even have it for a day before I lost it!”

“Should we head back to Pa'a to get it and my backpack?” she asked me as I sat down next to her.

“We can't right now. They most likely think were dead from that fall. And even if they didn't, they would still be on the lookout for the people who assaulted a prince.” I explained.

“Shit,” she said disappointedly. She really wanted her new clothes back. Especially the warm pajamas for the cold nights.

“Yeah. Now we basically have to start over again. Get me a weapon and you some clothes. I just hope we can make it to the next town with just my knife and your magic.”

“Can't you do what that Alan guy does?” Bab asked.

“What do you mean?” I asked.

“He doesn't use a weapon, just his fire magic around his fist. You should be able to do that with your ice.” Bab explained. She then held up her own fist and had electricity flow all around it. “Give it a try.”

I was a bit skeptical about it, but if this works, I might not need a weapon for a while. So I raised my arm and tried. But nothing happened, so I attempted again, nothing happened. A third time and only a few ice shards appeared.

“This is harder than it looks,” I say out loud before I try again.

“Just keep practicing, you'll be able to do it soon,” Bab told me.

After a few more tries and using half my mana I finally got an idea. I stood up and walked out of the cave.

“Frost breath!” I yelled and began blowing on my arm. It took a large chunk of my mana but soon my entire arm was covered in ice, and I didn't feel it at all! “Bab look I did it!”

“I guess that's one way to do it,” Bab told me as she laughed.

The ice made a type of gauntlet that felt a little weird, but even as I hit the cave wall, it only chipped a little bit. It would make a decent weapon until I can replace my sword. But it also has a few downsides.

First, it takes a lot of time and mana. It takes about 20 seconds just to freeze my hand which is not good if I'm already in battle. Second I can't move my hand as it's frozen solid by my attack. And lastly, I have to use the fire to melt the ice….

“So what's the plan?” Bab asked as I stuck my hand as close to the fire as possible to get rid of the ice.

“Your clothes are almost dry, so I say we leave in about an hour,” I tell her.

After an hour I gave Bab a change and realized her stash of diapers was almost out. Just add that to the list of problems we already have.

When Bab was fully dressed and strapped to my back we departed south to Parïtet.

After about 4 hours of walking, Bab asked me if we could take a break since she wet her diaper and needed a change. This was as good a spot as any, so I put her down before changing the wet girl.

Once she was taken care of, we had an early lunch and relaxed a moment while I checked out our stats. After what happened yesterday we should have leveled up a bit.

Alexander March

Stats- lv12

HP-80 (+4)

Attack-39 (+3)

Defence-35 (+5)

Speed-46 (+2)

Regen-8 (+1)

Manna-36

Class-hunter

Skills-hunter eyes.

Weapons- knife

Element-ice

Partner-Bab Ados

Stats- lv20

HP-53 (+20)

Attack-10

Defence-11 (+40)

Speed-10 (+9)

Regen-11 (+3)

Manna-169

Class-mage

Skills-potion maker

Weapons-none

Element-lightning

Money ###

Gold 4)

Silver 45)

Bronze 37)

Copper 28)

###

After seeing this I grew very excited, we were getting much stronger, and I even got the new skill Beast vision!

Upon activation, everything I saw turned a dark blue. Looking around a bit, I saw many blobs of red all around us. It was like I saw thermal imaging.

“Hey Bab, what does Beast vision do?” I asked her as I looked over and seen she was blue.

“It's a skill to help find monsters. You'll see them in different shades depending on how strong they are compared to you,” Bab explained.

From weakest to strongest red, orange, yellow, and white.

I was amazed by this and looked all around just seeing blobs of red.

Just then we heard a loud roar cut through the air somewhere behind us. I tried my new skill to see what it was but I saw nothing.

“Let's get going, I really don't want to meet whatever made that noise,” I tell Bab before having her get strapped up for me to carry.

About 2 hours later we reached another problem when we found a river with rushing rapids and no way to proceed. Standing on the rocks by the river we decided just to follow the river in hopes of it leading to a bridge or something for us to continue.

“Do you think I could freeze the water?” I asked Bab while I walked next to the river.

“Maybe a small stream, but a river no,” she told me bluntly. “You're not strong enough for that.”

“Damn,” I replied slightly disappointed.

“Hey, Alex do you hear something?” Bab asked, and I stopped to listen.

It sounded like something big was running. I activated my new skill and tried to look around for it. The moment I saw it I nearly shit my pants. In the far distance, I saw something big glowing white, and running straight towards us!

I immediately rushed to find cover behind a few trees close by and put Bab down as we waited for the thing to show up. We didn't have to wait long before the monster came running past and stopped by the river.

The monster was a Pylone the size of a fuckng monster truck! It was undoubtedly twice the size of the Boss monster I killed yesterday, and I only killed that thing with the help of a royal sword! Even if I had my sword, I don't think we could ever kill this thing.

“Bab, I want you to do me a big favor,” I whisper to her hoping the monster wouldn't see us.

“What?” she whispered back.

“If that thing sees us I want you to run back to Fran,” I tell her.

“What? No, I can't!” she whispered as she looked away from the pylon sniffing the ground we were standing at just a few moments ago.

“If that thing sees us there is no way we are surviving. I can hold it off for a moment, but I need you to run as fast as you can back to Fran and make a new bond if I don't make it.” I tell her.

“Alex, no. I'm not going to do that!” she whispered.

“Don't argue,” I tell her as the pylon looked right at me. “RUN!”

I bolted from the trees as the Pylon roared, its roar nearly popped my eardrums. It then started to chase after me and away from Bab.

“FROST” I yelled and began to use all the ice magic I could on it. But nothing seemed to faze it.

In mere moments it was close to me and smashed its head into me knocking me to the ground before stepping on my chest. Its paw covered my chest as it put enough weight to keep me from moving. Its beak grow close to my face. I tried to punch it, but that made it mad.

Opening its mouth, it roared at me from so close I could see the back of its throat! This was by far the most terrified I have ever been as I began to feel a warm spot across the front of my pants.

“Where is she!” I heard a voice coming from somewhere.

Before I could say a word a bolt of lightning hit the pylon right in the face. It roared in a slight pain before turning its attention to Bab who was still standing by the trees.

“NO YOU IDIOT RUN!” I screamed but it was too late, the pylon had its attention on the little girl who just hit it with lightning.

The pylon got off me and charged. I watched in horror as it went after Bab. Unable to do anything to stop it. I just yelled as loudly as I could for it to halt.

Just before the monster was on top of Bab, a guy ran up and grabbed her before jumping out of the way of the giant pylon as it smashed into a tree.

“EVA STOP!” the man yelled as the monster got back up to look at him then stopped.

My jaw nearly hit the floor when I saw this person command a monster to stop. But I had to shake that off as I jumped to my feet and ran to Bab. The moment I got to her the beast started to growl at me.

“Eva, stop that, you're scaring them!” the guy yelled at the giant pylon before looking at us.

“B-blake?” I asked. He was the guy that helped us yesterday, but why was he here!

“Eva?” Bab asked, but Blake didn't understand she said.

“Where is she!” I heard a voice say again and realized it was coming from the pylon staring us down!

“Wait, is that thing talking???” I asked now a little freaked out.

“I'm so sorry, but Eva here said she smelled her sister on me and has been going crazy ever since,” Blake told us which still made no sense.

“Eva, is that really you?” Bab asked as she started to walk closer to the monster.

“Bab, what are you doing?” I asked and tried to grab her away from it but stopped when Blake grabbed my arm.

“Bab?” the monster said as it began sniffing her. For a moment I was beyond terrified. This thing could swallow her whole! Then I noticed the beast started to shrink.

Its body shrank and morphed until the only thing left was a naked woman kneeling down in front of Bab.

“SISSY!!!!!” the women screamed and immediately began to hug and squeeze Bab.

“EVA YOU’RE KILLING ME!” Bab screamed and Eva dropped her.

“Why are you talking funny? And why are you so small?” Eva asked as she knelt down to look at Bab.

“Ok, can someone please explain what's going on!” I yelled.

“I'll explain everything, but first I think Eva and you should change,” Black said as he tossed Eva some clothing and I realized I was still in my piss soaked pants.

“Now I'm not the only one with accidents.” Bab commented with a sly smile.

After a few minutes Eva was dressed, and I was in new pants. We formed a bond so they could understand Bab and soon we all sat down ready to hear what was going on.

“Okay Bab, is she really your sister?” I asked Bab who was sitting right next to Eva.

Just by looking at them the resemblance was uncanny. Eva looked like an around 20-year-old version of Bab. Only with very long, dark shaggy hair.

“This is Eva Tusa, my youngest sister,” Bab told me.

“Hi, Bab’s friend,” Eva said as she gave me a wave and a smile.

“It's nice to meet you. I'm Alex.” I greet her and something popped into my head. “How many sisters do you have?” I asked Bab.

“8” Bab said bluntly “we don't see much of each other.

I was stunned, I wasn't expecting that many.

“Eva you never told me you had sisters.” Blake chimed in.

“I don't see them a lot, so they didn't cross my mind,” Eva told him with a smile.

“Eva is a bit simple like that. When she was a little girl, she would keep running off into the wild for days on end only to return and act like nothing happened.” Bab told us.

“Big sisters were always so strict! I just wanted to play!” Eva replied.

Just by watching Eva and Bab I couldn't help but think their minds were in the wrong body.

“Anyway Eva, why are you with a human?” Bab asked her. I just looked at her wondering what she meant by that.

“Because he’s my master know!” Eva cheered happily.

All eyes were on Blake as he facepalmed himself.

“Eva how many times do I have to tell you to stop calling me that!” Blake told her. “Look it's a long and weird story.”

“You tell yours, and we’ll tell ours,” I tell him as I point at Bab who also wanted to know why her little sister just called him master.

Blake just signed.

“2 years ago I had just joined a guild known as Pyāratā. It wasn't the biggest or the strongest, but they were decent. One day we got word of a new monster appearing in the mountains and forcing a lot of monsters away. This was hurting a lot of people who had villages below the mountains, so we were sent to kill it. To make a long battle short, we were decimated. None of us stood a chance against it.

It finally came down to 4 other people and me as we lead the monster to a cliff. With no other way to kill it, we tried to have it fall off the cliff with us. Somehow it worked, and we all fell with the monster. I was knocked out for a few hours but when I woke up my curse was about to kill me. Frantically I searched for someone, anyone to quickly form a bond with. At the time I was so out of it, I didn't question why the monster was gone. Nor did I question that all my friends were dead and the only person still breathing was an unconscious naked girl. I just took a bracelet off of one of my dead comrades and formed a bond with the unconscious women to save my life.” Blake told us.

Blake then took a drink of water and continued.

“When the bond was made however it went weird. The bracelet couldn't tell if she was human or beast. Because of that my class was forcefully changed to a tamer class, and Eva was recognized as my pet.” he explained.

“Wait is that even possible?” I asked.

“My sisters and I are part monster. However, Eva was born a 3/4th monster.” Bab told us. “Because of that, the bracelet must have gotten confused since she is one of a kind. It must have activated the bond for the human part and compromised the monster part by turning Blake into a Tamer.”

“Yep! And he’s been my master ever since!” Eva said as she got up and sat next to blake as she rubbed her head on his shoulder until he pets her head.

“It's been a long journey. We hated each other for a long time. I blamed Eva for the deaths of all my comrades, and She didn't want to be tamed. Luckily she couldn't hurt me without being hurt herself, and because I feared what she would do if we unbonded I couldn't risk breaking the curse. Eventually, we both learned that she was only protecting herself and that she was hurting others by forcing other monsters away. after a while, we eventually grew to like each other.” Blake explained.

“Your turn now,” Eva told Bab and me.

So we told them most of what happened. Such as how we met and our journey thus far but Bab refused to tell Blake what happened to her. Instead, she asked to speak with Eva about it in private.

“Don't take it the wrong way, I've been with her for a while and only just learned her secret yesterday,” I told Blake as the girls walked out of earshot.

“It's fine. Hey can I ask you something?” Blake asked.

“Go ahead,” I replied.

“Are all witches hard to handle or is it just mine?” he asked.

“Funny, I was going to ask the same thing,” I tell him, and we both busted out laughing at the situation we were in.

A bit further away Bab finished telling Eva the rest of the story.

“But why would she do that?” Eva asked Bab.

“I don't know. But I want you to keep an eye out for her. If you see her then just run away. If you see any of our other sisters, please tell them that as well.” Bab told her sister with a stern look. “And don't tell anyone else, not even Blake.”

After their talk was over, they sat back down with us and another question popped into my head.

“How did you guys find us?” I asked.

“I tracked your scent!” Eva exclaimed proudly.

“After I finished helping you guys I went back to looking for Eva. Because of the festival, she got so excited that she began chasing the pylons and I lost her. When I found her, she smelt Bab’s scent on me from when I carried her. Eva then began rushing all over town following her scent and causing mayhem. She even broke into someone's tailor shop and trashed the place looking for Bab.”

“That was most likely Frans shop,” I told him. “We'll have to apologize to her if we ever get the chance.”

“Yeah, we're going to have to apologize for that later too. After that, Eva went to the inn you both were staying at and found something.” Blake told us and just now remembered to reach into his storage and pull out a Bab’s pink backpack.

“Wait how?” I asked. The inn was supposed to have some type of magic that prevented anyone that wasn't the owners to take stuff out of the inn.

“Eva can cancel out magic,” Blake explained as he handed the bag to Bab who thanked him hugely for it.

“Ok, what exactly is Eva?” I asked. The more I thought about it, the more her powers seemed different from Bab.

“Eva is different from my sisters and me. My other sisters and I are masters at controlling the element we were born with. However, because she was born more monster, she doesn't have elemental magic. She instead was born with what we call beast magic. She is able to transform into any monster she wants and can cancel out any magic that isn't elemental like the inn’s” Bab explained.

I was utterly amazed. I wanted to ask a few more questions but noticed Eva sniffing the air and moved closer to Bab.

“Sissy, why do you stink?” Eva asked and giggled. Bab’s face flushed red as she didn't notice she messed her diaper. “You smell really bad.”

“Eva.” Blake said as he gave her a light tap on her head. “you're not one to talk. It took me a year and a half just to get you potty trained and out of diapers yourself.”

“But that's not my fault! I barely used a toilet before then!” Eva told us, and we laughed.

So after giving Bab another diaper change, I wanted to ask some more stuff, but it was time for Blake and Eva to leave.

“Master do we have to goooo?” Eva whined.

“Yes Eva, we were supposed to meet someone for a job back at pa'a yesterday. We need to go back and do our job.” Blake told her.

“But I want to play with tiny Bab!” Eva whined more.

“Don't call me tiny!” Bab told Eva sternly.

“Eva, Bab and I will be in Parïtet for a while. So how about when your job is done you meet us there.” I suggested.

This immediately perked Eva up as she ran over to give me a thank you hug. Nearly killing me again in the process!

It's here we said our goodbyes as Eva stripped naked and turned into another monster. This one looking more like an ox. Blake got on top of her and set off to do the job he was hired for,

“That was a bit unexpected,” I told Bab as we continued our own journey.

“Yeah, I really wasn't expecting to see Eva.” Bab told me,

“I was shocked when she turned out to be that scary monster,” I commented.

“Ya and you peed your pants.” Bab reminded me. “I think you might need diapers too.”

“I'll let you have that one. But if you bring that up again I'll shove another slime down your diaper,” I told her and Bab immediately went quiet.

###

A butler walks into a room where a boy sits at a table looking over a mountain of paperwork.

“Report.” the boy tells his butler.

“The Adventurer you hired could not make it yesterday or today. Based on a note he sent, he should be here by tomorrow.” the butler told him.

“And of my older brother?” the boy asked.

“He has a matter to attend to at the moment but has agreed to meet you there.” the butler told him.

“Let them know I will be ready to depart pa'a in one week for Parïtet.” the boy told his butler.

“Yes prince Lauren.” the butler told him before bowing and leaving the prince to his work.

*012*2018-08-01 17:16

Chapter 12

We finally reached Parïtet late at night.

Bab was strapped to my back and passed out. I could feel two wet spots on my back. The first was her head drooling on my shirt. The other was where her diaper leaked onto my back...

I knew her diaper was full a few hours ago and I probably should have changed her then, but 3 things stopped me. First Bab was fast asleep, and I didn't want to wake her. Second I saw the lights of the kingdom and guessed it was only a few hours away, and lastly, I knew if I stopped then I wouldn't be able to move again for a while.

I didn't even care that I got a few strange looks from people walking around at night. Staring at a guy carrying a kid on his back with a huge wet spot just below where she was.

All I wanted to do was go to an inn and pass out.

Once I got the room, and a few more stares, I finally was able to set Bab down and relax a moment. I really just wanted to go to sleep at that moment, but I knew I couldn't leave Bab still all strapped up. So I slowly got her out of the harness and onto the bed.

Bab’s skirt and shorts were soaked, so I took them off along with her wet diaper before gently getting her clean. Being careful as to not wake her up. After getting her taped into a fresh diaper, I scooted her over and under the blankets before placing her pacifier into her mouth.

Now I was too tired to even bother with the sleeping bag and just got in the bed with Bab. We already slept in the same sleeping bag yesterday. Sharing a bed tonight won't kill us. I blew out the candle and went straight to sleep.

###

I awoke when a small hand smack me in the face. Bab was sprawled out on the Bed, and she accidentally slapped me. Yesterday the sleeping bag kept her wrapped up so that she couldn't sprawl out.

Just then she rolled over onto her side and hit me again with her other hand. I knew I had to do something or else she was going to kick my ass in her sleep. So I gently moved her to a position where I could wrap my arm around her and keep her in one spot, hopefully.

For a moment I look at the sleeping girl. Her pacifier moving slightly, either from her sucking on it or chewing on it. Either way she looked cute like this. It's here I finally came up with a punishment for her. I smile at her and give her a goodnight kiss on her forehead before I fall back asleep.

###

When I finally woke up I was looking at Bab who was wide awake and staring at me. Her face was slightly blushing with the pacifier still in her mouth.

“Good morning.” I said before Bab pushed me off the bed. “HEY!”

“You scared the hell out of me!” Bab yelled as she popped the pacifier out of her mouth. “I wake up to your face in front of me!”

I didn't even get the chance to explain as Bab got out of bed and walked to the Bathroom, her soggy diaper hanging low, as she went to take a shower.

I wanted to get mad at her but decided to let it go. I would probably freak out too if I went to sleep and woke up to someone's face in front of me. But with Bab in the shower for the moment I got her punishment ready.

About 15 minutes later I heard Bab yell at me asking why only a towel and one of her t-shirts were in the storage.

“Just put it on and come out,” I tell her.

Confused she does as she’s told and comes out wearing a t-shirt with her blond hair still a little wet and her towel wrapped around her waist.

I had her get on the bed for a new diaper. I rubbed some Baby oil I got not too long ago before adding the Baby powder and finally the diaper. When Bab tried to get up however I pushed her Back down before taping another diaper over the first.

“Wait, why are you putting two on me!” Bab cried out in confusion.

“This is your punishment,” I told Bab before grabbing a skirt and putting it on her.

“What do you mean?” Bab asked as I helped her off the bed and had her walk around a bit.

She was not used to the extra padding and made her waddle slightly, but she was still able to walk nicely. Her skirt, however, was small. Just barely covering her diapers. She tried to pull them down lower, but that would reveal the top of the diaper.

“I might have forgiven you for scaring the shit out of me not too long ago, but I still think bad kids deserved to be punished,” I tell Bab.

“But I'm not a kid!” she shouted at me. But I just shoved her pacifier into her mouth to hush her up.

“At this moment that's irrelevant. Now I'll make you a deal right now. If you're good for the day, I'll get you something nice. If your bad, however, your punishment will be far worse.” I tell her before grabbing our jackets and placing them in storage for later.

I then opened the door to our room and gestured for her to follow. Bab just stared at me, she thought this had to be some type of joke. There's no way I would take her outside wearing a skirt so short that her diaper might show. But I was serious as I walked over and took her hand.

“Come on little girl, today your punishment is to be treated like the child you act like,” I tell her as I give her a slight smile and drug her out the door.

“Pwez no!” Bab said with the pacifier still in her mouth as she grabbed the door frame to keep herself from leaving.

“Bab, this will be your only warning, I still have stuff to do today in town. So you can be a good girl and come with me, or I can carry you over my shoulder kicking and screaming with your thick diapered butt on full view of everyone.” I tell her as I pull the pacifier out of her mouth with a slight pop and place it in storage with the rest of the goodies I have for Bab.

“But, but…” Bab began to say. Her face bright red and little tears started to form.

“I'll count to 4, if your hands are not away from that door frame you'll be over my shoulder,” I tell her.

I didn't even count as she let go just from the threat.

“Good girl,” I tell her before rubbing her head and grabbing her hand again.

“You don't have to hold my hand,” Bab mumbled but dared not to let go for fear I would make good on my promise.

The first thing we did was go get breakfast. A waitress commented how cute Bab looked causing her to blush more as we sat at the table. After filling up with eggs, sausage and toast I took Bab back to the room for a moment for a bottle of milk before we left the inn.

Bab hated being seen in public like this. A short skirt, and holding my hand. Over and over people commented how cute she looked or how delightful it was to see a dad take his daughter for a walk with him. That one even I got embarrassed about.

After looking around a bit, we found a weapons shop where I spent 40 silver on a new sword. It was C rank, but it was nice, just not as good as my old one.

Next came buying some supplies, such as a mat for Bab at night. Some food for later, and I got myself a few new shirts since Bab ruined one of them last night. But I won't tell her that.

Lastly, however, came the diapers. This time I let go of Bab’s hand and gave her the biggest box of diapers they had. She nearly burst into tears when the clerk asked her if they were for her.

“No, I Babysit a lot, and my supply was running low. She’s just embarrassed because I had her carry the box while my arms are full.” I tell the clerk cheering Bab up that I wouldn't expose her secret that way.

Punishments are one thing, public humiliation is another.

Once the supplies were in storage again, I retook Bab's hand, and we walked around town for a bit.

The streets were crowded now, and it made walking around a lot harder. I'm actually glad I had Bab hold my hand or else I might have lost her in the crowd.

Our final destination was to look at a few accessories for us. I was hoping to find something to increase my defense but had no such luck here. Bab, on the other hand, did see a red cape and hood, it looked like something from ‘Little red riding hood.' But it gave a slight defense buff and would look decent with her adventure outfit. So I got it for her.

By now it was time for lunch, but Bab stopped me. Her hand still in mine as she grabbed the front of her skirt.

“Whats wrong?” I asked.

“I'm wet,” she told me as she looked down ashamed.

“Don't worry, that's what the double diaper is for,” I tell her. thanks to the extra padding the diaper didn't sag under the skirt.

Bab was even more embarrassed than before as she was scared someone might notice the wet diaper at any moment and repeatedly asked me to change her. Until finally she got annoying.

“Ok Bab. Here's a deal. You can spend a few more hours in that diaper, or you can pop your pacifier into your mouth and walk all the way back to the inn right now for one.” I told her.

Tearfully she picked to stay in them.

After a nice lunch, we continued to walk around town for a while until we found a park. Unlike Pa'a which was just one big city. Parïtet was on the side of a cliff with its walls protecting the cliff. It even cut off part of the forest making a few pleasant parks to walk inside the city where monsters weren't around.

So Bab and I took our walk to the park. We didn't see anyone at all as we followed the trails. Finally, at the end of the path we were on we found an old bench looking over a cliff and out to sea.

The water sparkled as the sunlight hit it. The sound of crashing waves echoed down below us. It looked like a great spot to just sit down and relax.

We decided here was the perfect spot to take a rest as I sat down on the bench. When Bab tried to sit on the bench, however, I grabbed her and sat her down on my lap.

“Alex, please stop,” Bab told me as she squirmed.

“Nope, this is the perfect spot for a little girl like you,” I tell her. Making Bab slightly mad until I pull out an apple for us to snack on.

I used my knife to cut off slices and feed them to Bab. Continually calling her a good girl as I did. When we were done with the apple, I took out Babs bottle and tried to give it to her.

“No, Alex. I'm sorry for what I did. Just please stop treating me like a little girl!” Bab cried out, but I still stuck the bottle into her mouth.

She didn't want to, but she didn't drink anything during lunch, and she was thirsty, so reluctantly she began to drink from the bottle.

I moved Bab into a slightly different position to where she was laying on me like a real Baby as I gave her her bottle.

“You're a good girl Bab,” I tell her when the bottle is emptied, and I replace it with Bab’s pacifier before rocking her slowly.

Bab wanted to protest, she wanted to spit the pacifier out and get off of me, but just like an infant, she grew drowsy.

“Shoosh, little girl, I got you,” I whispered to her as I watched her eyes grow heavy, he tried to say something to me, but she fell asleep before she could finish. “Good girl.”

I gently rocked her for a moment before i pulled out a book and started to read.

I don't know how long I stayed there on the bench with Bab sleeping in my arms. But once the air around me began to stink I knew she had just messed her diaper.

Slowly I picked Bab up and had her resting on my shoulder. Next, I grabbed out my jacket and threw it over her like a blanket and used the hood to hide her face so no one would see her diaper or pacifier.

Bab slept through the entire walk through the park. On the way back I did pass a couple who stopped me.

"excuse me, but by any chance do you know were an old bench around here might be?" the guy whispered seeing the covered girl in my arms.

"yes, just follow this path, it's about a 10-minute walk from here," I whispered back.

"it's so cute to see kids fall asleep like that," the women said, "they look so peaceful."

"ya, but only when they're asleep, otherwise they can be a handful," I tell them as I gave Bab's diaper a slight pat.

We said our goodbyes as I made my way out of the forest.

I only woke Bab up when we got to the edge of the trees and asked her to walk the rest of the way back.

She was a little groggy from the nap but complied. I took the pacifier out of her mouth and began to walk when I noticed the diaper was now sagging below the skirt. I quickly threw my jacket over her to cover it up.

Hand in hand she walked beside me as she rubbed the sleep from her eyes.

The thick diaper helped cover the smell and add my jacket wrapped around that you couldn't really smell her as we went to dinner that night.

The entire time I watched the girl squirm in her dirty diaper. Always thinking someone would smell her, or somehow notice the thick messy diaper. But no one did.

Once we were done, we headed back up the stairs to our room when I stopped. Bab was slightly ahead of me while I was on the stares. From this height, she was the same height as me.

“Bab there's something I forgot. Would you like to go with me or go back to the room?” I asked.

“Back to the room please,” she told me, just wanting to get out of view of anyone and hopefully out of the diaper soon.

“Ok, you go to the room and sit on the bed. I'll be back in a minute.” I tell her. “But first.”

I then grabbed Babs skirt and pulled it down. She was so surprised that I did that she forgot to even scream or hit me as she tried to cover her diaper to no avail.

“The doors unlocked,” I tell her as I walk away with her skirt in hand as I heard her run down the hall and heard a door slam.

I just giggled to myself as I shoved the skirt onto storage and walked to a store.

I wasn't gone 15 minutes when I returned to the room to see Bab sitting on the bed. Her lip quivering as she tried not to cry after what I did.

“I hate you!” she yelled at me.

“No one was there, I knew you would be fine,” I tell her.

Bab then layed down and without asking I got her out of the filthy diaper.

“Bab, I have a question for you. Have you been a good girl today?” I asked her as I began to get her clean.

Bab said nothing but did nod her head yes.

“Yes, you were. So for being a good girl, I got you this.” I tell her as I pulled out a teddy bear and set it on Baby's chest as I grabbed a new diaper and got Bab taped up.

Bab just stared at the toy for a moment before she busted out laughing.

“All that embarrassment, for a toy?” Bab asked while laughing as the tears she was holding back earlier came out.

“No the embarrassment was for scaring me, the toy was for being good,” I told her as I sat down next to her and pet her head. “Next time will be far worse.”

Hopefully, now she will have learned her lesson and won't have to have me do anything worse than this.

Alexander March

Stats- lv12

HP-80 (+4)

Attack-39 (+3)

Defence-35 (+5)

Speed-46 (+2)

Regen-8 (+1)

Manna-36

Class-hunter

Skills-beast vision

Weapons- sword (C)

Element-ice

Partner-Bab Ados

Stats- lv20

HP-53 (+20)

Attack-10

Defence-11 (+45)

Speed-10 (+9)

Regen-11 (+3)

Manna-169

Class-mage

Skills-potion maker

Weapons-none

Element-lightning

Money ###

Gold 4)

Silver 4)

Bronze 11)

Copper 22)

###

The couple I had passed earlier looked over the cliff by the old bench, looking down at the waters below. It was dark now as they finished getting their supplies ready.

“You know how dangerous this is right?” the woman asked.

“Aeva you know what we're heading for. If we don't get this done our plan will be for nothing.” the guy said before jumping off the edge.

“Master Chet you're going to be the death of us all one day,” Aeva said as she followed behind him.

*013*2018-08-01 18:53

Chapter 13

For the next two days, Bab and I spent a lot of time not only on jobs but on ways to get ourselves stronger.

Looking back, the last few days have entirely shown just how weak we really are. Falling from that cliff was the only thing that saved us from Enedina and Alan. If I want to get my sword back, then I will have to get a lot stronger for it.

Bab, on the other hand, wants to get revenge on them for not only nearly killing us, but also for what that prince did to her.

One thing I've been trying to focus on is strengthening my ice magic. So far the spells I know are very basic and need a lot of improvements.

So far the best way I've found to improve my magic is to use them on a giant turtle monster. They’re the size of a fucking car with crazy high defense, But slow as well. So I've just been hitting the beast with all my magic to improve it. Such as throwing ice shards at it, making the ice gauntlet and ice breath. All of which I have developed slightly.

For starters, I learned that by concentrating on making the ice gauntlet was still hard as hell for some reason, but using that with ice breath like before I can get a thinner version that is still as good and even allows for better movement. Next, I'm also now able to make larger ice sherds, and my aim at throwing them is getting a lot better.

This gave me a question that I should ask Bab about.

But Bab was busy with her own training. Just as I learned I needed to get a lot stronger, Bab finally decided that in her current state she couldn't rely on her regular high bolt attacks anymore. A lot of her magic consumes a lot of manna, and not all of them will go down on the first hit.

By the end of the day, we got a little stronger.

Alexander March

Stats- lv14

HP-85 (+4)

Attack-43 (+3)

Defence-39 (+5)

Speed-48 (+2)

Regen-8 (+1)

Manna-40

Class-hunter

Skills-beast vision

Weapons- sword (C)

Element-ice

Partner-Bab Ados

Stats- lv21

HP-54 (+20)

Attack-10

Defence-11 (+45)

Speed-11 (+9)

Regen-11 (+3)

Manna-176

Class-mage

Skills-potion maker

Weapons-none

Element-lightning

Money ###

Gold 4)

Silver 14)

Bronze 51)

Copper 28)

We’ve also learned of a few new monsters that we hadn't seen before. Such as the giant turtle, giant centipedes, gremlins (they look like hairless monkeys to me), and even more beasts than I've seen before.

As soon as we get back to the city, Bab immediately takes my hand. The day after Bab’s punishment we went back into town, and we lost each other in the crowd within 5 minutes. It took us an hour just to find each other so now we hold onto each other while in the city.

Today there was a lot of buzz around the city. Something about a princess? I really didn't care, and neither did Bab. We just walked through town until we got to a restaurant to have lunch. Not noticing we were being followed for a while.

###

“What do you think?” one of the 3 women asked as they sit at a table away from Bab and me.

“She looks about the right size. Maybe a little shorter then I would like, but we can't be picky about it.” another said.

“The problem is the guy, do you really think he would let his daughter do this?” the third woman asked.

“At this point, we might not have the option. We're running out of time.” the first women said.

“Ok I'll go talk to them.” the second one said as she left the table.

###

Bab and I were in the middle of eating our lunch when a cute woman came up to our table. She was probably in her early 20’s with lovely red hair.

“Excuse me, but may I take a moment of your time?” she asked.

“Yes?” I ask

“My friends and I would like you and your daughter to please come with us.” the women told me and gestured over to another table where 2 other women were sitting.

“I'm sorry but why?” I asked ignoring the daughter comment, too much of a hassle to correct people.

“We are from the royal guard, and we would like to have a word with you,” she told us.

I looked over at Bab who was most likely thinking the same thing I was.

“Have we done something wrong?” I asked not knowing if this has something to do with the prince or not.

“Not that I'm aware of, we would just like to talk,” she told us.

“I'm sorry, but I would like to decline,” I tell her, hoping that would be the end of it.

“This wasn't a choice. Now either come with us or be detained,” she told us with a little sharper voice.

With no other option, I looked over at Bab who practically read my mind.

“FROST!” I yelled and blasted the women with ice, blinding her as Bab and I jumped from our table and ran.

Everyone in the restaurant was surprised and started yelling, for a moment they didn't know what had happened. By the time the other 2 women got up and helped their friend, Bab and I were already running down the block.

When I looked back, I saw two of the women chasing us with the one who was talking to us jumping to the rooftops using wind magic.

“Any ideas Bab?” I asked as I grabbed and threw her over my shoulder. Her tiny body can't keep up, so this was faster.

“Not really!” she told me as she raised her arm to fire electricity but realized there were too many people still around. “We need to find a way out of here!”

“How!” I asked shoving people out of our way.

“Get to the park! There are fewer people, and if we can somehow get past them we can circle back and make a break out of the city!” Bab yelled.

For a kid, she had a good idea.

It was hard running through the crowd of people, but we eventually made it to the park where I put Bab down and looked back at the three women still chasing us.

“You know I always wondered what it would be like to be chased by multiple women, not as fun as I thought it would be.” I say out loud before looking down at Bab. “Okay I want you to run to the old bench we went to yesterday and wait for me there.”

“What? No way! There's no way you can take on three at once!” Bab told me as I pulled out my sword.

“I'm not, I'm giving you a head start,” I tell her.

With no choice, she started running just as the three women stopped about a hundred feet away from me to pull out their weapons.

“You are hereby under arrest for assaulting a royal guard.” the black short-haired women wielding a katana told me.

“Honestly blasting her with ice has probably been the least worst thing I've done this week,” I tell them as I make a few ice shards in my hand.

“This is your last warning, put your sword down and come quietly or we will be forced to take you down.” the blond girl with a sword told me.

“Yeah, no,” I tell them before I throw my shards at them.

The katana chick swung her sword and a wall of ice appeared to take my attack.

“Nice, Lexi!” the girl I blasted earlier yelled as she used her wind magic to jump into the air and over the wall wielding a long-bladed sword the same height she was.

I had to quickly block her sword with mine, the force of that would surely have killed me otherwise.

“Now Lizzie!” the women yelled as the girl with the sword was at my side and about to strike me down.

But before her attack could hit a bolt of electricity blasted her away.

“Lizzie!” Lexi yelled as she ran over to check on her friend.

“Ice breath!” I yelled taking advantage of the situation and blinding the girl with the long blade again and kicked her away.

I then turned and watch Bab run into the woods as I ran in a different direction. Hoping the guards will follow me. If they do, I can make a quick turn back to Bab and grab her to leave.

“Gale winds!” I heard the wind women yell when suddenly wind picked me up and threw me into a tree.

“I am Alisha, a soldier of Parïtet, and on my pride, you shall not escape.” the wind chick told me as I got back up.

As I looked over I saw it was only her, the other two must be going after Bab.

“Shit.” I say out loud and pull out my sword. “if we're doing introductions I'm Alexander, a man trying to survive, and I'm not going to be stopped like this.”

Alisha just stared at me, both hands on her sword. Ready to strike me down at a moment's notice. I really didn't have the time to stay and fight. However, it was my only option now. Even if I tried to run she would just hit me with another wind attack and take me out that way.

“Gale wind!” Alisha yelled as she raised her sword up. Her wind magic circling all around it before slashing it down and hauling the wind attack at me again.

This time I was able to jump out of the way as the attack hit the tree behind me and knocking it over.

I decided to just charge at her and hope for the best as she raised her sword again. This attack, however, did hit me and sent me flying back yet again, luckily I didn't hit a tree this time.

“Just give up,” Alisha told me. “You're not going to beat me.”

She had a point, even if I did try to attack her she still has much more powerful attacks. I was only able to attack her by surprise, and now the only way I'll be able to get past her is if I somehow can stop her. That's when I had a thought that might work.

I immediately jumped up and charged again. Alisha continued to try and blow me away still, but I kept dodging out of the way.

“You're getting annoying!” she yelled and finally charged at me herself when I was getting too close.

She swung her sword down just as she did before, expecting me to block her sword again. But I didn't. Instead, I jumped out of her way and dropped my sword.

“TUNDRA!” I yelled as I tried to copy what the ice chick did with her katana. I had to use both my hands pointed at her and blasted her with all my ice magic. Alisha let go of her sword and raised her hands to block my attack which ended up freezing her arms together.

With my amount of magic, I guess that's the best I could do as I then shoved her to the ground. As Alisha trashed and cursed trying to get free of the ice and to stand back up, I grabbed my sword and ran. Hoping that she would be down for at least a few minutes.

But I didn't make it too far when I tripped over something and fell on my face.

“Well, if it isn't my friend Alex,” I heard a familiar voice say. “Long time no see.”

Looking up I saw Noah walking over to me.

“Noah!” I yelled excited to see an old friend.

He reached out a hand to help me up, but the moment I took it he placed something on my wrist.

“Sorry Alex, but you're under arrest,” Noah told me.

###

I was thrown into a cell not long after that, My hands cuffed. soon after that, I saw Sherry carrying a pissed off Bab under her arm. She was thrashing and yelling at Sherry as she threw Bab in with me.

“Ok, so from what Alisha has told me, they asked to talk to you, and you assaulted them and tried to run, why?” Noah asked us through the bars of our cell.

So we told them how I hit a royal family member, how their guards tried to kill us, how we thought that since they were royal guards, they must have known and wanted to finish off the job.

Noah, Sherry, and the three royal guards all stared at us.

“We had no idea about any of that,” Lizzie told us.

“We just wanted to talk about a job proposal,” Lizzie commented.

“Wait you guys were the thug and the mentally-disabled kid that attacked a prince of Pa'a?” Sherry asked.

“We haven't seen you two in a while, and this is the amount of trouble you guys get into?” Noah asked. “By the way, what happened to my sword?”

After telling him I lost it, Noah threw a rock at my head...

“That was a rare sword! And you even lost it after it transformed!” Noah yelled at me and continued too rant for about 10 minutes.

“Well, it looks like you both done goofed,” Sherry told us before turning to the girls. “By the way what was the job you wanted them to do? Shouldn't you three be with Lord Elroy right now?”

“Lord Elroy asked us to look for a specific child for a special job,” Alisha told her.

“What type of job would need Bab?” I asked.

Before they could tell us a Man and kid walked into the room. Noah, Sherry, and the three royal guards all shot up and bowed down to them.

The man was tall and had short black hair and a clean shave, the kid was a girl with long blond hair and in a beautiful dress.

“I think it would be best if I explained from here.” the man commented. “Noah and sherry, You both stay here. The rest of you, please wait for us outside.”

“Yes lord Elroy!” the three royal guards said in unison before leaving.

“Great, another royal,” Bab mumbles to herself.

“I am sorry for all the confusion,” Elroy said before giving a slight bow.

“What do you want with us?” I asked.

“Not really you. But the girl. We would like to ask her to help us.” Elroy said and gestured to the girl beside him. “This is princess Ramonita, and she would like the girl's help.”

The Princes was not much taller than Bab, my guess about 11 or 12. She also had a serious expression on her face.

“And what would she want with Bab exactly?” I asked.

“We are to meet with a member of the royal family of Pa'a in a few days. But we have gotten word that someone is planning on attacking both members of the royal family. So as a precaution we would like to ask Bab to take Ramonita’s place on our travel until we can get the royal family members to a safe place to meet.” Elroy explained.

“No,” Bab told them.

“Po?” Elroy asked in confusion.

“She said no,” I tell them.

“Might I ask why?” Elroy asked.

“Well for starters, we're kinda stuck together,” I tell them as Bab and I raised our bracelets. “Next we don't like Pa'a royalty. And lastly, your plan has a big problem, if Bab takes her place how will the princess get there?”

“All good questions. First, let's start with the bond. As members of the royal family, they are all given a special item that can break the curse of the bracelets.” Elroy told us as the princess pulled out a small necklace. Attached to it was a vial so small it probably only had a drop of whatever was in it.

“This is a phoenix tear. Its powers allow for the spell of the bracelets to be broken.” the princess told us finally speaking for the first time.

“As for meeting the royal family member, you won't have to worry. We are merely meeting them in a special location. We only want Bab to travel to the destination and act as a decoy should the princess be attacked.” Elroy told us.

“That's another thing I'm worried about,” I tell them.

“Don't you worry, she will be in the best of care with our royal guards around. This is just a worst case scenario.” Elroy told us.

“Bab will be safe with us,” Noah told me.

“But aren't you both just knights?” Bab asked, and I translated.

“Right we never told you, did we? we are actually the heads of the royal guard of Parïtet.” Sherry told us. “We had just finished a mission and were on our way back to Parïtet when we ran into you guys.”

“But your weapons, they weren't much better than the one I have now,” I commented.

“That's because we were testing out new weapons at the time. You don't just pick up an A class weapon and just start using it without practice.” Noah told us. “Heck I was about to pull out my better weapons to take on the boss when you two killed it.”

Now that I think about it, Sherry didn't even have a scratch on her when she fought those bandits, and how would someone like Noah get such a rare sword?

“As for the princess, one of our royal guards will escort her on a different path leading to our destination,” Elroy told us.

“Excuse me, sir, if I may?” Sherry spoke up upon hearing this. “I don't think that would be such a good idea.”

“Why is that?” Elroy asked.

“All of the royal guards around here are well known. The moment anyone sees one of them with someone that looks like royalty everyone will be talking about it.” Sherry explained.

“Even if they left at night, if just one person saw them then it would be all for nothing.” Noah chimed in.

“See, even your royal guards think it's a bad idea,” I tell them and Bab nodded in agreement.

“Not exactly,” Noah told me. “I only said that if she went with a royal guard there would be problems. I suggest we have Alex here take her.”

“No, he is unknown and inexperienced. The princes wouldn't be safe with him.” Elroy told them.

“I actually agree, Bab is one thing, a princess is completely different!” I tell them.

“But that is exactly why I think Alex is a better solution. No one would think we would trust someone so inexperienced with the protection of a princess. Plus while he wouldn't have defeated Alisha if she was going all out he did hold his own against her.” Noah pointed out.

“And it's not like he doesn't already travel with a kid in the first place.” sherry brought up.

“I agree with them,” Ramonita told us. “That might be the best plan we can use on such short notice.”

“Again, I said no!” I yelled, and all eyes were on me. “One: you're putting Bab in danger on a what-if scenario. Two: I'm not qualified to take care of royalty, and three: we want nothing to do with Pa'a!” I yelled.

“We would gladly give you any compensation you could want for your services,” Ramonita told us.

“I think we should do it,” Bab said, and my head spun around to look at her.

“WHAT!”I yelled. “You can't be serious right?”

“The job does sound risky, but a reward like that could help us out later.” Bab told me.

‘What is she saying’ Elroy asked Noah who shrugged.

“Can we have a moment to speak in private?” I asked everyone else.

“Yes, we will return in 15 minutes for an answer.” Ramonita told us before they left, leaving Bab and me alone.

“Bab, do you even know the risks? By doing this not only will you be in danger but you will also have to reveal your secret to them.” I told her.

“I know, and if it means getting closer to our goal I think I can suck up my pride,” she told me.

###

Once the 15 minutes were up, they came back into the room to hear our decision.

“After thinking it over, we finally decided on doing it,” I tell them.

“That is great,” Noah said.

“But first we have 3 conditions,” I told them. “First: Sherry must be with Bab at all times.”

“Why me?” sherry asked confused.

I look at Bab who is already blushing but lifts up her skirt to reveal her secret. About her need for diapers and her hands. Out of everyone, Sherry is the only person in their group who Bab would trust to change her diaper.

“Under these circumstances, it shall be,” Elroy told us.

“W-wait but I… Okay fine.” Sherry said a little flustered herself. Unknown to us, she didn't know how to change a diaper...

“Next, the princes must form a bond with me,” I tell them,

“No, your job will be to keep her safe, you do not need to have her form a bond,” Elroy told me.

“Correction, my job is to keep Bab safe, and after what we went through with Pa'a royalty I want insurance that Bab will stay safe,” I tell them.

“Elroy it is fine, it will only be for a few days. It won't be a problem.” Ramonita tells Elroy who has to follow what she said. “What is your final condition?”

###

Not long later I saw Bab and Sherry walk out of the cell room. Bab was now in the princess's dress and looked almost identical to Ramonita. The dress was slightly big for her but still fit nicely, well except for the chest part.

Waddling behind them was Ramonita in Babs adventure outfit and diaper. Bab’s final condition was if they were trading places then the princes must also wear diapers just like Bab. It was something Bab wouldn't take no for an answer.

“Bab I want you to be good and stay safe,” I told her.

“U gurr Cryf, urr kyy eoi up c xyg zcek” Bab said with a smile.

Without the bond, I can't understand her, but I think I understood what she said when she had me crouch down so she could give me a hug.

I then watched as she and Elroy got into a carriage and drove off.

“Since Bab isn't here I'll tell you this now. You only have to wear them, not use them if you don't want to.” I tell her.

She just ignored me and tried her hardest to walk without waddling.

“These are going to be a long few days,” I whisper to myself.

Alexander March

Stats- lv14

HP-85 (+4)

Attack-43 (+3)

Defence-39 (+5)

Speed-48 (+2)

Regen-8 (+1)

Manna-40

Class-hunter

Skills-beast vision

Weapons- sword (C)

Element-ice

Partner-Ramonita Maynard

Stats- lv1

HP-35

Attack- 2

Defence- 3 (+100)

Speed- 2

Regen-1

Manna-5

Class-princess

Skills-royal blood

Weapons-none

Element- dark

Money ###

Gold 14)

Silver 14)

Bronze 51)

Copper

###

“Well, well, well. Looks like Elroy has a new plan” Chet said as he looked down from a roof and saw Elroy and Bab get into a carriage and ride off before Ramonita and I came out.

“Are you positive that's the real one master?” Aeva asked not able to tell the difference.

“Trust me, I've known her since she was a baby, that's definitely her,” Chet told Aeva.

“What shall we do now?” Aeva asked.

“The guy doesn't look like a royal guard, but he does look strangely familiar. Let's have Monarch test him out,” Chet said as he stared at Ramonita.
