School trip on a very special cruise - Page 6

Author: OmoNeon

*129*2023-05-21 23:38

*Luna who was still in Chloe's embrace replied in a dead serious tone, "Yea we just couldn't hold it anymore!"*

Chapter 22 - Accidents happen

___

They all chuckled and even Peyton couldn't help but grin at this point. Luna hadn't missed the ever so slight change in Peyton's reaction to their latest change in toilet behaviour.

Liv now asked stunned, "Peyton already told me about it earlier while waiting in line, but i can't believe you guys are actually just doing it on purpose!"

"We're not nearly the only ones doing it." Luna replied, hinting at the people at the party with wet pants.

Selena quickly added, "Just look at how many people there are at the party, and then look at the capacity of the toilets. You kind of have your answer already."

The topic changed and the group continued chatting and had fun while chilling at the railing. Small groups of people sometimes walked by their spot to go find a place to relieve themselves, mostly guys and all with still dry pants.

They were experiencing the effect first hand of how the drug and many (sometimes alcoholic) drinks were causing their bladder to fill up rapidly.

The passing people didn't stop Luna though, she had felt a tingle in her bladder a while ago and by now her bladder was really starting to get full again, without overthinking it like she usually does she relaxed her bladder and let it's contents flow freely, rewetting her clothes while she was still cuddling with Chloe.

"I think your girlfriend sprung a leak!" Vicky said while grinning.

Luna was enjoying the warm glow she felt in her crotch, soon followed by the warm sensation flowing down her legs and in her shoes further soaking her clothes. Within seconds a new puddle was forming under her feet while she was still mid stream.

Liv let out a gasp, "I can't believe you're doing that! You're just... peeing in your clothes?!" Liv said in utter disbelief,

And enjoying it!" Luna replied smug, "I'm still going by the way."

The alcohol was definitely boosting her confidence right now but Luna didn't feel in the slightest embarrassed about peeing her pants, not even when some people were passing by.

"Are you seeing this? Chicks aren't even trying to find a toilet anymore!"

"Yea man, but can you really blame them?"

After the two guys had passed a couple followed right after.

The guy asked his girlfriend, "So where are you gonna pee? I found a spot to pee earlier but what are you gonna do now?"

"I'm actually bursting, even if i go stand in that long line now at the toilets i don't think i'll make it." The woman replied, "Honestly i've seriously contemplated following those girls lead and piss myself."

"Hey it's your pants so it's your choice, i'm not gonna stop you." The guy said carefree, as if he hadn't really said anything out of the ordinary to his girlfriend just now.

"Screw it, i'm gonna hold it for a little longer but soon i'm gonna let go in my pants like those girls there did."

They couldn't hear the rest of the conversation as the couple walked further away from them, but surely everyone in their group had just heard how the women had acknowledged she was soon gonna wet her pants.

Liv was clearly shaken by this recent revelation, "You're all being weird right now."

"Look at the puddle you made!" Chloe said while ignoring Liv,

Luna let out a sigh of relief. "Ooooh that's so much better!"

Luna shook off the last drops from her legs that dripped down in the large puddle they were standing in.

That's the second time tonight she had emptied her full bladder into her pants, and she very much intended to keep doing it for the remainder of the night. Just then Luna noticed the puddle at their feet was expanding again, with a glance down she saw droplets coming down from Chloe's shorts and leggings while they got shiny again with pee flowing down from them.

She looked up and got greeted by Chloe who was beaming with content as she was relieving herself while still having Luna in her embrace.

"Well that's nice for you guys i guess, but not everyone is ok with having an accident so..." Liv seemed a bit fidgety when she spoke up, "So are we gonna head back? I need to pee again and the line is..."

"Oh Liv for fuck sake, you're wearing a dress!" Vicky cut her off, "Only your panties will get wet!"

Luna responded in a bit more understanding way, "Liv you'll stand in the line for the toilets more than you'll be enjoying yourself tonight, just follow our lead and you'll have more time to enjoy yourself?"

The others agreed while Peyton seemed to be deep in her own thoughts.

"I-I can't just pee myself!" Liv seemed to shudder at that thought alone. "What about you Peyton?"

Peyton shrugged, "I kind of need to pee as well."

"Hey if you guys want to go you can, we're just gonna stay here for a bit longer." Selena remarked,

To Luna's surprise both Liv and Peyton stayed, while a new topic got started and they carried on chatting. Meanwhile an employee came around with a cart with non alcoholic drinks and they all eagerly took one as they were all getting thirsty once more.

After a while Both Liv and Peyton seemed to be fidgeting, they definitely were getting desperate. Liv started to nervously look around towards the direction of the toilets while Peyton seemed to be more calm.

Luna wondered, seemed like peer pressure was doing it's thing as they realized they were in the minority.

"Ok move over i really need to pee!" Peyton suddenly exclaimed,

For a second Luna was wondering if Peyton was gonna follow their lead and wet her hot jeans shorts but she was wrong. It was just now that no other people were passing by and she was using this moment.

Peyton calmly said, "Give me some cover if you can please."

Peyton squatted at the railing, pulled her jeans shorts and panties to the side revealing her bare pussy, immediately a jet of pee shot out of her and off of the side of the ship. She peed for well over a minute before she was finally done.

Just as she was done and jumped up letting her panties and shorts snap back in place some people showed up.

"Ah fuck i got some on my shorts," Peyton was checking the damage, she had been a bit to quick and careless and the back of her shorts now had a wet patch.

They all assured her it wasn't a big deal.

"No shit you think it's not a big deal, you're all standing in soaked pants yourselves!" Peyton reluctantly agreed. "I guess it's not a big deal though."

Liv was now hopping from one foot on the other, "Wait, that was your plan? I thought you had a better plan! I need to pee as well, and badly!"

"Do like Peyton or take the easy way, just spread your feet apart and let go in your panties." Chloe assured her,

Liv ignored what Chloe had said and just continued fidgeting while their conversation went on.

Luna and Chloe were telling their story that had happened with Emma, the Karen and Doctor Neuhaus. While it was very entertaining to them the conversation quickly went back to Liv's need again, they tried to help her and all started to give her tips on what is the best way to relieve herself.

Peyton: "Just squat and pull your panties to the side and let go!"

Luna and Chloe: "Just spread your feet and let go, it doesn't matter if other people see it."

Vicky: "Just pee, it's no problem if your panties get wet. The shoe drying thing in your room also works great for your shoes!"

Selena: "Lean on one foot and bend your knee, like this!" Selena was balancing on one foot with her other leg bend. Luna wasn't sure what that would get her but she quickly found out as Selena started a demo.

Selena's pants were getting shiny with wetness when she started peeing again, but this time with the way she was standing most of her pee streamed down only one of her pants legs and splattered down from her knee on to the ground.

"That way your socks and shoes stay dry but with a skirt or dress it's also less suspicious for onlookers!" Selena explained.

Wow she really had thought this through.

They didn't further pressure Liv what to do, something their group never did and Luna liked that about them.

In the end Liv chose the Peyton way and they all helped to give her some cover so she could squat and got her panties out of the way to relieve herself without getting her clothes wet.

When Liv was all done they found their way back to the party and back to the dance floor.

Soon Luna was back to bouncing around the dance floor like a ball of energy together with the others.

Every time Luna felt a tingle in her bladder her heart started racing, a moment later she was enjoying the warm and wet sensation that would flow down her legs. The others were probably doing the same except for Peyton and Liv.

Liv would frequently disappear, it was clear that she was still struggling keeping up with getting to a toilet in time every time she needed to go, which was very often considering all the drinks they were having combined with the effects of the drug.

Peyton however... she finally got tired of finding a toilet every time and her way of dealing with her over active bladder was just squatting and pulling her panties and shorts to the side like she had done earlier. Sometimes with a minimum amount of cover meaning she must have flashed a bunch of people throughout the night.

With more and more drinks she was also getting more and more sloppy with getting her shorts out of the way, resulting in the wet spot on the back of her shorts getting just a bit bigger again when she returned from her latest pee.

Peyton was inspecting the damage on her shorts, "Oh my god i'm getting my panties and shorts wet!" she didn't actually sound too upset though.

Selena opened her mouth and sarcasm poured out in it's purest form, "yea i think my pants are starting to get wet as well!"

Her comedic timing was brilliant and Vicky spit out some of her drink while everyone burst out in laughter.

"Bitch i was drinking!" Vicky blurted out with with her drink coming out of her nose,

They were all trying to regain their composure when Selena started laughing again while pointing at Chloe.

Luna looked to her side where Chloe was standing just to see her shorts and leggings were all shiny with fresh pee cascading down her legs. Chloe her face was all red while uncontrollably laughing and peeing herself at the same time.

Everyone burst out in laughter again while Luna could see a small puddle was slowly forming at Chloe's feet.

"I can't help it, it just started coming out!" Chloe blurted out while laughing,

"Haha... wait you had a real accident?" Luna asked while wiping away some tears,

Chloe her stream had subsided and she regained her composure, "Yea i couldn't stop it from coming out even if i wanted to."

"Well to be fair..." Chloe sheepishly added, "Not that i really wanted to stop it though."

Chloe quickly waved it away and a lot was going on at the same time while people were still dancing around them. The incident was quickly forgotten.

Even with the loud music around they had drawn some attention from all their laughing by now but now that the DJ started a new song and everyone was having a good time everything went back to normal pretty quickly.

Vicky and Peyton were socializing with some guys while Selena said it was time for drinks, Liv was nowhere to be found so Chloe offered to help but wanted something from the grill as well, which happens to be more in the middle of the deck while the bars were on the outside.

"Don't worry i'll get it, i also wanted another snack anyway." Luna said, "We'll meet up after."

Before they could take off Luna got surprised by a spontaneous Chloe that flew around her neck and gave her a long kiss on the lips.

"Get a room you two!" Selena shouted jokingly,

Chloe finally let go, turned around and went on their way while she shouted behind her, "Thanks babe!"

Luna was perplexed, while still heavily blushing she went on her way towards the grill that was situated more in the middle of the deck. She wondered how many people saw that.

It wasn't unwanted but she definitely felt a bit shy knowing so many people must have seen that kiss.

Also... did Chloe just call her 'babe'

She chuckled a little, it was funny how it had come this far that she was more comfortable wetting herself in public than kissing her once best friend turned girlfriend.

While walking she had a bit of a mini revelation, she figured it's because so many other people around her simply didn't give a damn about wetting their own pants that it felt more accepted.

Some dude with a big ass sombrero suddenly jumped in front of her surprising her, "Ay caramba!"

She laughed at the guy and waved him away while dancing with him for a few seconds.

Seconds later Luna got in line waiting to order their food. Her mind wandered back to what happened between her and Chloe in their room before going to the restaurant and she couldn't help but get flustered thinking about it. She hadn't forgotten the promise she had made either and was looking forward to when they would get to their room.

Luna suddenly got surprised when she could feel a hand on her shoulder, for a second she thought it was Chloe who had followed her... But when she turned around she realized she couldn't have been more wrong.

"Well aren't you two the cutest couple together." Caitlyn said with sarcasm in her voice,

Luna was surprised but went immediately in defense mode, being alert for any bullshit Caitlyn had planned this time. On second glance, her friends didn't seem to be around her like last time.

Luna didn't want to deal with her, her evening had been great so far and she liked to keep it that way, she tried to get rid of her, "Just leave me alone."

"Hey i just saw you two being all over each other and what not and thought i wanted to have a little chat." Caitlyn said while quickly taking a sip from her drink.

Luna had the feeling that this time Caitlyn wasn't out for evil, at least it seemed that way. She kept being alert for any sign of her usual evil self, but she couldn't help to notice she wasn't completely stable on her feet. How many drinks did she have tonight?

"Hey what's with the attitude?" Caitlyn asked, "Ok fine, i'm sorry about your phone or whatever, i was justifiably pissed for what you did to me!"

"Justifiably?" Luna blurted out offended, "You so deserved that and so much more for what you did to Chloe!" She almost yelled the last part.

Caitlyn suddenly seemed to have lost her train of thought, she just stood there looking at Luna for a couple of seconds, seemingly lost in her thoughts.

"What?!" Luna finally asked,

She wasn't sure what was going on but she didn't expect Caitlyn's reaction.

Caitlyn lowered her head and mumbled, "You're right, i did deserve that, and so much more."

Suddenly Luna realized it was almost her turn to give her order when the guy at the grill suddenly said that they'll have to wait for a while longer as he started grilling a fresh batch.

She didn't mind as she was completely taken aback with what Caitlyn just said, her whole demeanor was completely out of character.

Luna cooled down and finally asked, "Then why did you do all that to her in the first place?"

".... i don't know" Caitlyn said while mincing her words, "Probably because... i'm an idiot?"

Luna couldn't believe what she was hearing at this point. Caitlyn clearly had a couple of drinks more than she had tonight. As Luna was waiting for the food on the grill she started listening to what Caitlyn had to say, she dropped her guard a little as it seemed she had no actual bad intentions.

Without Luna actually pushing the conversation Caitlyn started talking about her history with Chloe, some stuff Luna already knew, but she was also learning some new stuff.

She had realized before that Chloe never actually talked about her previous school but now she might have an idea why, apparently she went to a prestigious private school where some of the students were from rich families. She could think of a few reasons why she would want to keep that info to herself.

When suddenly Caitlyn asked, "So how did you guys managed to get on this cruise actually? You're with an entire group are you not?"

Luna explained in short how they got into the program thanks to their school, not being sure how the school managed to get in though as it does seem pretty exclusive. Caitlyn seemed to be pleased with this answer, out of basic politeness Luna asked how Caitlyn and her friends managed to get on the cruise.

"Connections," She casually answered and continued with a little smile, "My father is the CEO of one of the sponsoring companies that funded this trip in the first place, so i asked very nicely if i could get a few spots for me and my friends."

Caitlyn had said it in such a casual way as if it wasn't a big deal but now Luna realized she and her family must be rich as fuck, even in a whole other league then Chloe's parents.

"Actually Chloe's dad works for my dad." Caitlyn added, finishing her sentence with taking another sip.

Luna wondered what happened that she was now socializing with what must be her least favorite person on this ship right now, she quickly regained her focus.

"You didn't actually say why you bullied Chloe though, and why do you hate her so much?." Luna answered in a snarky response, "All of that because she confessed her feelings to you? She didn't deserve that!"

"I don't hate her!" Caitlyn spoke up, "It's the exact opposite!"

Luna was confused, especially when Caitlyn suddenly became all embarrassed and shy in front of her.

"When she confessed i... i..." Caitlyn couldn't bring out the words she was looking for, "I had the same feelings as her.... I liked her, still do in fact."

Time stood still for what must have been several seconds before Luna regained her composure, she was speechless, how is this possible. It didn't make sense but her own intuition said Caitlyn wasn't lying. Why the bullying then?

"...I already told you i'm an idiot...." Caitlyn explained while drunkenly mumbling, "I was scared that it would get found out and that kind of relationship just isn't allowed in my family. What if my parents found out. And if other people found out it's only a matter of time until my parents would find out. I don't know what they would do."

"I told a close friend of mine about Chloe's feelings without saying what my own feelings were, she went and spread gossip to everyone else behind my back... I was a coward then and i didn't stop it because i was afraid of being outed."

Caitlyn her head was hanging low by now. Luna her head was spinning, she had so many questions, also why was she saying this now, and why her?

"Why are you telling me this? Why didn't you say this to Chloe? Why now?" Luna asked, "Maybe start with apologizing to her?"

Caitlyn shrugged, "It's too late anyway, she must hate me now. I don't deserve her anyway."

"In fact," Caitlyn quickly added, "I'm glad she found you, don't get me wrong, i hate your guts, but i'm happy for her because she looks happier than ever with you."

"Just... tell her i'm sorry and i promise i won't hurt her no more."

"Why don't you tell her that yourself?!" Luna blurted out.

"Tell herself what?" Chloe suddenly said from behind her,

They hadn't seen Chloe walk up to them from the crowd, she had her eyes locked on Caitlyn. Last time they had stood eye to eye Chloe had been terrified, but right now that old version of her was nowhere to be seen.

"I don't need to hear anything from you, get the fuck away from us!" Chloe said viciously,

"Stop... she came to apologize." Luna pleaded,

Now it was Chloe's turn to look surprised, "What?!"

Caitlyn stood there with her shoulders dropped, she looked too scared to even look in their direction. Chloe must've noticed this completely different attitude coming from Caitlyn as well by now.

Just then the guy at the grill spoke up, telling them their food was ready. Luna quickly took it from him and gave one serving to Chloe who was still perplexed by what was going on.

"I'll let you two talk." Luna said,

And took off.

Just in time as she was bursting to pee, Caitlyn hadn't mentioned anything about the state her clothes were in meaning she was probably ok with the idea of her wetting herself. Now that she was thinking of that, Caitlyn was wearing a dress, for a second she wondered if she was also wetting her panties under her dress. But she felt like it would've been quite a stretch to simply let it flow while talking to her, that would definitely been awkward as hell.

Looking through the crowd she had found where her friends were sitting in one of the lounges, a bit further away from the dance floor, more towards the side of the deck and away from the crowd. Her bladder had already been giving her signs halfway through the conversation that she really needed that release and she realized she was already pretty far in her desperation. She was planning on wetting her pants again when she got away from the crowd and to where her friends were sitting.

Luna started making her way through the crowd, now that she was moving again she got reminded of her soggy panties and jumpsuit, the wet feeling on her skin made it even harder for her to hold it.

She managed to get out of the crowd and now felt the cold night breeze on her skin because she wasn't surrounded by people anymore.

Her bladder immediately gave a spasm and she squirmed on the spot. She could feel tingling in her bladder and knew that this meant she was at her limit... How did she manage to miscalculate her bladder like that...

"Ay caramba!" The same dude with the big ass sombrero jumped in front of her again but did a better job at surprising her this time.

Luna felt a leak escaping, she couldn't believe she had just involuntary leaked in her pants.

The dude immediatly moved on while dancing.

She was trying to hold it but she felt another spurt escaping, adding warmth and fresh wetness in her panties.

Luna knew she was gonna lose control any second now, this was so unlike her, normally her bladder would be able to hold out but it was still sore from all the previous holding and peeing. But what definitely didn't help was the combo of the alcohol, cold wind, wet clothes against her skin and of course the effects of the drug were all having an effect on her bladder.

Normally she would go in full panic mode right about now but instead...

Luna calmly started to walk towards her friends, with each step she took she could feel a spurt escape in her panties. By the time she had done a few steps her crotch was already warming up and she could feel the wetness start to spread down to her thighs.

She couldn't help it, she was peeing herself and she couldn't stop it anymore, the spurts were getting longer with each step until she lost control over her bladder and pee started to pour out and stream down her legs. Warm wetness was spreading everywhere while she was still calmly walking. She had completely given up and was just letting her accident happen while enjoying the sweet relief.

Luna was still midstream when she arrived at the lounge chairs where her friends were sitting, expression of content was plastered on her face while she was still relieving herself in her pants, pee was streaming down her legs while making a puddle at her feet.

"Holy shit Luna, you really needed to go!" Vicky squeeled,

Selena quickly added while laughing, "Did you start peeing yourself from all the way over there?!"

Luna sighed as her stream finally subsided and smiled sheepishly while she said, "I couldn't hold it any longer and it just started coming out from itself."

The others all chuckled, even Peyton and Liv.

"I can't believe i just had an accident though." Luna said carefree.

"It's fine, accidents happen!" Vicky waved it away, "It's allowed after all, remember?"

*132*2023-06-17 22:08

Ok so once again this was getting too long, so the bad news is that... well there's no bad news 😄

The good news is that means you'll probably get another few chapters extra by the time i get to the end of the cruise😄

(There will be some minor time skips at some point)

___

Chapter 23 - "I swear i'm not the jealous type"

Luna was sitting down with the others while she was eating her late night snack. She had a lounge chair for herself, same for Liv and Peyton, while Vicky and Selena were sharing a duo seat lounge bag, the same style as she had been sharing with Chloe on the night she had first kissed her.

The cool touch of her soggy clothes on her skin worked as a naughty reminder of what she had done, not at all embarrassed she had done a full blown accident in her clothes. She even felt a weird kind of pride wetting her clothes on purpose throughout the night.

Chloe wasn't back yet and must still be talking to Caitlyn, she wasn't too far away and when the crowd on the dance floor happened to shift a little bit she had a view on both of them.

Caitlyn still looked like she had no evil intentions and Chloe seemed ok while talking to her.

But Luna felt a bit uneasy about it, she couldn't really place what it was, maybe she was overthinking things again like she usually does.

Liv started a new topic, "Don't you think it's a little bit weird you're all just accepting this... situation? I just can't believe you're purposefully peeing in your clothes, or literally don't care when you have an accident."

"You're starting to sound like a broken record Liv." Selena quickly countered.

"It's no big deal," Luna added her two cents, "It's more convenient to 'go' in your clothes at this point. But you always have a choice to go to the toilet if you want."

"That's good for you i guess, I really wish they would open up some more toilets though." Liv said almost pleading.

Meanwhile Peyton was shifting around in her seat, checking the damage on her shorts once more, which had a visible wet spot on her butt from her earlier squat.

"It's no big deal peyton, really." Vicky said comforting, "Look at us, nobody cares so don't worry too much about it!"

"I guess you're right. Maybe i've been overreacting." Peyton agreed sheepishly,

Liv was overthinking things when she reluctantly said, "Overreacting? I don't know about that, i feel like it's weird that so many people are ok with this?"

"If so many people are ok with it, is it still considered weird then?" Vicky reasoned.

Peyton took another sip from her drink and lit up, "This cruise and party is way too much fun to be worrying about wet pants anyway, and it's still warm outside on top of that."

"That's more like it!" Luna said, trying to go along with this more positive Peyton.

Selena casually added, "Next time you need to pee, don't bother about it and just go in your shorts. I mean they're a little wet anyway."

Luna quickly realised that was one step too far for Peyton, although... Peyton did hesitate for a second before answering.

After hesitating for a second Peyton waved Selena's idea away and shook her head, they quickly started talking about other subjects.

A while later Liv excused herself and left for the toilet again while Peyton was visibly being squirmish but nevertheless stayed and kept sipping from her drink.

"I don't want to get up every time and go through that crowd just to go stand in that long ass line and piss away my night. Pun intended." Peyton said while the rest chuckled and agreed.

With all the drinks they were having, both alcoholic and non alcoholic their bladders were filling up fast.

Luna could already feel her own bladder filling up again at a fast rate, she wasn't worried at all and was already looking forward to rewetting her pants once more.

But it also meant that Peyton must be getting pretty close to desperation levels at this point.

Also they were definitely starting to feel the alcohol by now and Luna could tell everyone was getting more carefree, she guessed Peyton was just gonna pull her shorts to the side and piss on the floor in full view of the others.

Turned out she wasn't wrong, minutes later Peyton spoke up.

"This drug paired with a few drinks is insane! Holy i'm about to piss myself." Peyton blurted out.

She jumped out of her seat and squatted in front of her lounge chair, Atleast with the chairs around her she was getting some cover from the rest of the party.

As expected she was pulling her shorts and panties out of the way in full view of the others. Luna noticed how sloppy she was and saw how Peyton had already started peeing before her panties and shorts were fully out of the way. A fresh wet spot was spreading on her crotch by the time she got her panties and shorts completely to the side. There was no way her panties weren't soaked by now.

While squatting she had her drink In one hand and holding her panties and shorts out of the way with the other. It looked quite challenging to pull that stunt off while keeping your balance through it all... after all she didn't have a hand free to lean on but it looked like Peyton was managing, even with the amount of drinks she already had.

Although... Luna could tell Peyton was being careless, her stream was hitting the floor but some of it was going down to her butt, further wetting the back of her shorts, and it looked like it was a lot more than a few drops this time.

"You're wetting your shorts by the way." Luna said in a carefree demeanor,

Vicky quickly added, "Ah just keep going! It doesn't matter if they get more wet!"

Peyton cursed and immediately shifted, trying to fix her stream so her shorts wouldn't get more wet than they already were. It turned out the drinks were having an effect on her afterall, midstream Peyton started losing her balance. She couldn't use the hand with the drink in so she let go of her shorts and planted her hand down on the floor mid stream to keep her balance.

Her panties and shorts snapped back in place while her stream hit the inside of her panties at full force.

Peyton cursed like a sailor, jumped up and slammed her hand in her crotch, trying to stop her flow. Luna knew how hard it was to stop, just earlier she had experienced an accident of her own afterall.

Selena quickly tried to comfort, "It's no big deal really."

Surprisingly Peyton managed to stop her flow, while still standing she checked the damage on her shorts, her front wasn't too bad considering everything. But then she turned around and Luna could see the big wet patch on her butt that was still glistening with wetness.

Anyone could tell she had peed herself with just a glance from behind.

Peyton was franticly looking around and squirming, it was obvious she was still desperate, after starting to pee it's so much harder to hold after all.

She dropped herself back in squatting position and was trying to get her shorts and panties out of the way while struggling to find her balance. Luna saw how her crotch was starting to glisten with wetness again, drops of pee were already dripping down from her butt and on to the floor.

She was fighting a losing battle.

"It's fine, Just let it happen." Luna said in a comforting whisper.

And Peyton finally gave up, her shoulders dropped and she let out an audible sigh. She moved her hand away to reveal her crotch that showed a quickly expanding wet spot, pee was streaming down from her butt while also pouring out of her pants legs. The wetness was spreading all over her crotch while she stayed in squatting position, emptying her bladder in her shorts.

Although she was having an accident, Luna could see how a small smile formed on Peyton's face. Luna could tell she was enjoying the relief.

The scene unraveling in front of Luna was very different to the one she had experienced at the beginning of the cruise, when Peyton had done an accident in her jeans and made a big scene, back then she had been in tears while trying to hold back her flow desperately.

This was very different, she wasn't fighting it anymore and was letting it happen.

Completely relaxing her bladder and letting it empty in her shorts. Creating a big puddle under her wet stained butt.

When she was finally done (she must've peed in her shorts for at least a minute)

Peyton sheepishly got up, not really knowing what to do now, she looked uneasy at the others. Now that she was done peeing her mind had gone back to reality and came to the full realization she had completely wet her shorts, which were still dripping with pee.

"W-well guess i'm heading to my r-room for tonight guys." Peyton stammered.

There was an uncomfortable silence, the others all knew how Peyton must be feeling right now, they didn't say anything. Except for Luna who spontaneously got up and went to Peyton to stop her from leaving so abruptly.

Something she would normally never do, definitely not with Peyton.

Luna almost whispered in her ear, "Hey don't let your night get ruined by something as trivial as wetting your shorts."

Peyton didn't expect to get comforted like that, especially not by Luna, but she listened.

"Look around you," Luna continued, "So many people including us did the same thing, and literally nobody cared about it."

Peyton looked around a bit and replied, "I guess you're right... but still."

"I have to pee again soon, what do you think i'm gonna do?" Luna now whispered in Peyton's ear.

Peyton rolled her eyes, knowing full well what Luna was hinting about.

"And do you think anyone will care?" Luna said out loud, making her point.

"And lets be real here," Vicky asked carefully, "We could see you enjoyed it."

Peyton didn't say anything, but they could all see her starting to blush, knowing she had in fact enjoyed it. She was struggling with the embarrassment however.

They all sat down again and the whole situation cooled down, Peyton was more quiet than before now but she did stay and listen to the others their conversation. It was cute how she was sitting a little bit hunged over, as if to hide the state her shorts were in. It was adorable Luna thought.

While the others started a conversation, the topic was about how funny it would be if the drug would actually go mainstream in the world and what would the consequences be.

It was a fun topic but Luna couldn't focus. Chloe still wasn't back yet and soon the bad feeling returned. What were those two talking about anyway.

A thought crept in her mind, Chloe had said she used to have feelings for Caitlyn.

What if she still had feelings for her?

Nah there's no way, Luna quickly pushed the thought away. She glanced in their direction again and caught a glimpse of Caitlyn and Chloe. She could see how Caitlyn had said something and Chloe was laughing about it. She seemed to be enjoying herself.

Immediately the bad feeling returned but stronger. Had she made a horrible mistake reintroducing those two?

Caitlyn seemed to come from a rich family, her father was the boss of Chloe's father afterall. She must have a big and beautiful house as well, Luna's small and old house wouldn't even be able to compare to it.

How could Luna ever compete with someone like that? She tried to fight the thoughts, she was sure Chloe would never dump her for someone like Caitlyn.

But what if she still had feelings for her?

Luna snapped out of her deep thoughts when Vicky suddenly announced that she needed to pee.

Peyton was still hunged over, hiding her wet shorts for any person who happened to look in her direction.

"So you're just gonna... let go?" Peyton asked, this time without her usual disapproving attitude.

"Ofcourse." Vicky responded calmly. "My pants are already soaked anyway!"

Peyton asked while sounding a bit worried, "You know there's a whole group there that's about to pass by us right?"

Luna had noticed now as well, a group of party goers were headed their way and were most likely gonna walk right past their table. It didn't seem to bother Vicky, who had already reclined in her duo beanbag next to Selena, spread her legs, with one foot on top of the now empty chair of Liv so everyone now had a perfect view of her pee stained jeans and crotch. And let out a loud sigh.

They could all see how Vicky, without any hesitation or shame, started relieving herself in her pants and seat for anyone to see. Her crotch immediatly got wet and shiny, reflecting the surrounding lights, her pee was flowing down from her crotch and quickly started to pool in the seat and overflow onto the ground.

With an expression of relief on her face, Vicky closed her eyes and leaned slightly backwards resting her head, relishing the moment, comfortably emptying her bladder.

Anyone that would see this would instantly know she was doing it fully on purpose, but she didn't seem to care in the slightest.

Luna was sitting across Vicky and had a perfect view of her friend rewetting her jeans while behind her she could hear the group of party goers that had undoubtedly noticed Vicky by now.

"Guys, are you seeing this?"

"No way she's just going in her pants!"

"Oh she is! Blatantly pissing herself!!"

None of them sounded like they were disgusted by it however, more like intrigued and entertained.

One of the guys nonchalantly asked towards his girlfriend, "Actually, why don't you pee your pants like that? Wouldn't it be way easier for you then to stand in line all day?"

"AcTuAlLy WhY dOn'T yOu PeE yOuR pAnTs LiKe ThAt?!" The girl immediatly fired back.

Their whole group laughed at the guy getting burned like that, The group continued their walk while talking what they had just seen Vicky do.

"I mean all jokes aside, if your pants are already wet anyway, i understand why you wouldn't bother with a toilet anymore." the girl added.

"If you don't mind peeing in your pants if they're already wet, why bother with a toilet in the first place then?" One of the guys asked, trying to poke a hole in the girls logic.

They continued squabbling while they walked outside of hearing distance.

Vicky her stream had subsided by now but not before Luna saw how she pushed a last spurt into her jeans.

"To answer your question Peyton, i don't care if people see it because they're not bothered enough to actually care about it. And neither should you." Vicky answered straight forward.

Selena hadn't said a single word during all this, she was still sitting next to Vicky on the duo beanbag. Luna had remembered that night with Chloe and what that meant for Selena as her face was bright red by now.

Luna was trying to sound as nonchalantly as possible, "These duo lounge bags are really nice huh?"

It was only when Vicky saw Selena's expression she realized what Luna was hinting about.

"Oh my god i'm so sorry! I wasn't thinking, did any get on you? Please say no." Vicky started apologizing profusely.

Peyton was laughing hard, "Oh god no, don't tell me your butt got wet as well by that!"

Selena wasn't getting a word in but sheepishly nodded, affirming what Luna already knew.

Vicky started apologizing even more, she seemed really upset at what she had done.

Luna found the whole thing hilarious and decided to add some more fuel to the fire.

"Maybe you should give her that kiss you promised earlier to make up for what you did!"

Now Peyton suddenly spoke up with a loud "What?!" as she wasn't there when the half drunken promise was made earlier. Once she got filled in what happened she cheered on the idea.

After a few seconds of nervous stalling from Vicky she finally threw her arm around Selena and gave her a peck on the lips, followed by both of them blushing like crazy.

Both Luna and Peyton immediately fired off a "Boooo! that's not really kissing!"

"Wait can you do that again? I missed it!" Chloe suddenly said jokingly,

Luna hadn't noticed it that she had just gotten back to their table, to her dismay Caitlyn was right behind her. Luna didn't know what to think of it, she only knew for sure that she didn't like Caitlyn.

And she had just noticed something, it seemed Caitlyn was very uncomfortable right now.

Chloe quickly added, "I'm just kidding by the way, i saw that sad excuse of a kiss."

"So you two made up your differences?" Selena asked while changing the topic.

"You could say that, i guess." Chloe answered,

Luna was trying to get a read on the situation but couldn't.

Meanwhile Liv their saviour popped up with a plateau full of drinks for them, they were thirsty as hell by now. they all sat down (Liv checked if anyone had sat on her seat in the meantime and checked if it was still dry.) Meanwhile Luna was agitated that Caitlyn also sat down with the others.

Now Luna was sitting next to Chloe and next to her it was Caitlyn.

"Watch out Caitlyn, you better don't do anything weird because Luna can throw you in the pool again!" Vicky joked,

Luna didn't really find it funny, it was a stupid joke if anything. But everyone else was laughing.

The conversation continued with the others wanting to know more about Caitlyn, and the more Luna learned from her the more she got frustrated. It was clear she was no match for her, getting more and more worried about the idea that Chloe could still be into Caitlyn.

What was wrong with her today, this was so unlike her to worry about this, she's normally not the jealous type. Even with her ex Tim, he was the jealous one, not her.

Liv and Peyton downed their drinks and both excused themselves, Peyton probably to go towards her room as it was getting late and she was clearly still embarrassed in her pissy shorts.

On the other hand they saw that Liv had seen their teacher, mr. Davis at one of the bars. And of course she had to go to him.

A little while later, in the middle of a conversation Vicky suddenly spoke up.

"You're peeing aren't you?" Vicky suddenly blurted out.

Luna gave one glance towards Selena and immediately saw her mischievous smile on her face and already knew she was in the middle of peeing herself.

But similar to Selena earlier, Vicky just remained seated although her face got bright red.

They all chuckled knowing what was happening.

"You guys don't seem to worry at all about the drug, and to be more specific, it's effects." Caitlyn said,

"I even dare say we are enjoying it at this point!" Vicky said,

Chloe added, "Well except Peyton and Liv i guess, about that, did Peyton pee her shorts in the end? I saw the stain on her butt when she left."

They quickly brought Chloe up to speed what had happened and the conversation carried on for a little longer. Luna hadn't barely said a word yet.

During this time Caitlyn was sometimes squirming a little in her seat and the others had noticed.

Caitlyn got up and announced she was gonna leave, as the night had been long enough and she had enough to drink up until now.

"You don't have to leave if you need to pee, no need to be embarrassed about it!" Selena mentioned.

"I wish my friends were as easy going as you guys are really. But no i'm leaving anyway."

Caitlyn quickly added with a grin, "And i'll be honest, i was intending on rewetting my panties soon anyway."

Before she left she gave one more apology to everyone, especially Chloe and Luna. Luna didn't know how to feel about it. At least now that she was leaving Luna felt herself less agitated.

Luna felt like she was overreacting about this and was trying to ignore her sudden bad self esteem, she couldn't let it ruin her night, or worse, it might create tension in her still very early relationship with Chloe. It should be obvious that Chloe wouldn't want anything to do with Caitlyn after everything that she had done...

On top of that, It was just the four of them now so she didn't need to worry.

What's more important right now though, is that she needed to pee, and so far she had only peed while standing which meant her butt was still mostly dry.

It was time to change that and further enjoy her night, after seeing what Vicky had done earlier Luna felt no shame for doing this, but her heart rate was already going up just thinking about it.

While the others were in the middle of a conversation without saying anything Luna reclined in her seat, spread her legs and relaxed her bladder to start flooding her jumpsuit and seat.

She wasn't holding back and quickly she could see her pee starting to pool and overflow off of the front of the seat. Meanwhile she could feel the wet warmth spread and creep up her butt. She loved the feeling and was enjoying it to it's fullest, relishing the moment.

She could feel how her clothes were getting more soaked than before and she loved every bit of it.

Vicky nonchalantly asked, "When she's done peeing, lets check out the bar and go somewhere else? i'm getting thirsty again."

They all agreed while Luna replied with a simple "I'm almost done."

"Man i wish we were sitting in that duo lounge bag right now." Chloe said boldly,

They all chuckled at Chloe while they all seemed to find it perfectly normal that Luna was peeing herself.

Luna loved everything about this, she was simply 'going' in her pants once again without a care and everyone around her was ok with that, she was in heaven.

"I'm done, lets go."

The moment Luna her stream subsided she got up while still dripping with pee.

Realised there was still some more and pushed out another spurt that went into her panties, dribbling it's way down her legs. She left a big puddle behind on the seat that was slowly getting sucked into the cushion to eventually disappear and dry up in a couple of minutes.

They all quickly downed their drinks and decided to go for another round but go to the bar together and go hang around on the deck somewhere else, more further into the party.

___

"Did you notice they closed off the one remaining toilet again?" Chloe asked,

In fact, they hadn't noticed, what they did quickly notice while walking around the deck in search for the bar, was the large amount of people that did have wet pants, especially when they went further away from where the last remaining toilet was and away from secluded pee spots. Women and some men had wet pee stains on their clothes.

So many in fact, Luna felt like they weren't even standing out anymore at all with their peed pants.

Luna could swear there were more girls with wet pants than without by now.

She glanced at the dance floor trying to get and idea on how many still had dry pants, and as she was staring she could see how there was a girl dancing in the middle, minding her own business while her pants where all shiny from wetness, it was so obvious she was peeing herself and she didn't hide it at all.

Luna had a hard time looking away from it, when the women was finally done peeing she saw another girl with a skirt that had pee streaming down her legs while she was in a conversation with other people.

Luna was baffled by the scenes that were happening around her.

The bar they went to was close to a pool and while they were waiting for their drinks they all got their attention drawn to what was happening on the other side of the pool.

Two girls were sitting on the side of the pool with their feet dangling in the water, one was wearing a short dress and the other was wearing tight but sexy black jeans shorts.

The thing was, they could see pee streaming down from the crotch of the girl in black shorts while they were glistening from wetness, the other girl her dress had pee streaming out and through it and into the water.

They were both wetting themselves and letting it run into the pool while nonchalantly in a conversation with each other.

"Holy shit, are you seeing this?" Luna blurted out,

The others quickly agreed, it was clear people had switched their toilet habits, or rather the lack there of in a higher gear.

While they were standing at the bar another girl came walking up to what must be a friend of hers that was also waiting for drinks. Both had clearly wet their pants before.

___

"Oh there you are! Thought i'd lost you!"

The girls started a conversation next to Luna's group but they could hear what they were talking about.

"Oh you had an accident? Or was it on purpose? No need to be embarrassed about it!"

"Well... You know how it goes, do you also feel how you've been standing in line for the toilet like... forever!"

"Oh yea absolutely."

"So yea... I knew i had to leave to go stand in line or else i'd wet myself, but i was having too much fun and suddenly realised i waited for too long."

"Haha same actually, because of that i pissed myself like an hour ago already!"

"You know what, in all honesty, i could probably have made it, but then i noticed how many people around me had actually already gone in their pants and i just said fuck it."

"Yep, i went in my pants several times already, probably again soon because i have to pee again."

___

Luna and the group were all slightly chuckling at what they were hearing while eaves dropping.

Just then they got their drinks they ordered and Vicky suddenly wanted to make a toast.

"I think it's time to make it official!" Vicky started,

The others weren't sure what she was talking about although Luna had a vague idea.

Vicky continued, "Al though it's probably the alcohol talking right now!"

Luna was pretty sure about that, although to be fair, they were all starting to get drunk by now.

"But in all seriousness," Vicky declared, "We already know we all enjoy it so i'm just gonna say it, from now on we should just go in our pants whenever we feel like it!"

"umm, aren't we already doing that?" Selena asked sheepishly.

Vicky rolled her eyes, "Yea sure, on the party when drunk, but then tomorrow we chicken out again or something."

Vicky quickly took another sip and lifted her drink in the air, "There's a good chance i might skip the toilet tomorrow if i feel like it!

"aaah"

They all chuckled at this weird but funny toast, they all agreed and cheered back with their fresh drinks in their hand. This was something Luna had always dreamed of, with each passing day her fetish basicly was becoming more and more normal and she loved it.

"If i hadn't wet my pants earlier i would've done it right now, to make it official so to speak" Selena joked.

Chloe had taken a sip from her drink before she spoke up, "I need to pee actually, but i was gonna wait until we would go to a less crowded place and...."

Vicky waved it away, "Just do it right here, it's fine!"

Selena and Luna cheered her on.

Of course if her friends and girlfriend were cheering her on... how could she refuse?

They were standing in the middle of the crowd when Chloe took a sip from her drink, spread her feet apart, relaxed and emptied her bladder right then and there where she was standing while the others were playfully cheering her on.

