School trip on a very special cruise - Page 6

Author: OmoNeon

*135*2023-06-18 10:33

{{8 hours ago, mikey mike said:

Great stuff and well worth waiting for OmoNeon; thank you. Is anybody going to end up in the pool I wonder?

}}

I know you were waiting for that but i don't want to spoil too much.

But your patience will soon pay off 😄

*136*2023-07-09 15:42

First of all thank you all for the positive reactions 😊

Makes me even more motivated to continue this story as it grows more and more onto me.

This chapter is a spicy one, hope you enjoy!!

And feedback is always appreciated 😄

___

Chapter 24 - "What did we get ourselves into?"

As the party continued they were all getting pretty drunk by now, but hey! They were all having a good time while hanging around the bar.

Even though right now Luna still had a bad feeling, wondering if Chloe still had feelings for Caitlyn. She tried to shake the thought off.

"Hey you two!" Chloe suddenly shouted, "When are you actually gonna make out with each other?"

Both Selena and Vicky stuck their tongue out.

"Boooo! Give us a show!" Chloe joked,

They carried on talking about a new topic while Luna was eaves dropping what was being said behind her.

She had noticed a group behind her, two girls, probably friends of each other and their boyfriends (Luna assumed) had mentioned they needed to pee and had wandered off somewhere probably to find a spot to relieve themselves. Leaving the girls who were quite desperate Luna quickly learned.

They both still had dry pants Luna noticed, which was getting increasingly less common now that the toilets were closed.

"I need to pee so bad!" The girl loudly declared.

Her friend replied slightly irritated, "I told you we should've gone to our rooms the moment we noticed the toilets all closed!"

"I didn't want to go yet, we've been standing in line for the toilet all night. I just want to enjoy myself and not have to care about going to the toilet all the time!"

"And look where that got us! I need to pee really bad as well and i don't want to have an accident, so what's the plan?"

"Well honestly... i've been thinking about it, the plan.... listen."

Luna just now realized these girls were pretty drunk as well.

"The plan is..." The girl said while letting out chuckles, "I'm thinking of just having an accident."

"What the fuck, are you crazy?!"

"I mean look around us, did you see the group behind us? Those girls have all peed themselves, probably multiple times even. Why even care at this point?"

"You're joking right!?" The girl blurted out, not believing what her friend was saying, "This isn't the time for jokes, i seriously need to pee bad."

Knowing people were noticing their pee soaked pants made Luna blush, she glanced over to the two girls. Both were clearly squirmish with one girl already having her hands between her legs trying to hold in her pee.

The girls continued to squabble and argue but Luna had a hard time hearing it over the loud music that was playing. When after a little while she could pick up again what they were saying.

"Fuck it, I'm just gonna do it, i need to pee so bad!"

"No, don't!"

After a short pause the girl let out a gasp, "...Oh god I'm peeing."

Luna could hear the other girl gasp as well.

She quickly glanced behind her to catch the girl in the middle of peeing her stylish black shorts. Slightly with her legs parted, pee was pouring down from her shorts legs and some was flowing down her legs and in her fashion boots.

"I can't believe you're peeing yourself like that..."

"Oh... it kinda feels good..." The girl said while starting to giggle,

She readjusted her stance and put her feet wider to try and spare her boots from getting any wetter. This made it even more obvious what she was doing and drew the attention of the rest of Luna's group.

With pee still pouring out of the girls shorts legs Vicky spoke up and raised her glass.

"Just let it flow girl!"

The girls friend had her hand in front of her mouth from sheer shock while her face was flustered from the shame seeing her friend wet her shorts like that in the middle of the party.

On the other hand, the girl who was peeing herself didn't seem to care all too much.

When she was finally done peeing (which lasted for well over a minute) she let out a long "aaaaah" and changed back to her normal stance, standing in her puddle.

"Damn that kinda felt good! Can't believe i did that!" Meanwhile she was checking the damage on her shorts (which were soaked) while she jokingly mentions, "Now it's your turn, you'll feel a lot better."

Luna and her group all chuckled at the girl and how she was trying to convince her friend from doing the same, while they squabbled in the background it was clear her friend wasn't having it though, seconds later she had bolted away towards the entrance of the ship, probably hoping she would find a toilet before having an accident.

___

Luna and the others had all peed in their pants several times by now and it definitely showed, anyone who would look in their direction could see they had peed themselves at least once.

You would think that would make them less inclined to go and talk to strangers but that didn't stop Selena and Vicky to try and score with some guys, or at least it looked like they were about to try when they started socializing with two guys at the bar, leaving Luna and Chloe on their own.

Chloe grabbed Luna's hand and led her further away from the bar and the others, they got to the side of the pool when Chloe turned around and looked at Luna, who was wondering what this was about.

"Everything okay?" Chloe suddenly asked, "Earlier you were like a ball of energy and now you're barely saying anything."

"uuhm"

Shit, Chloe had noticed...

"Did i do or say something wrong?" Chloe asked worried.

"N-no no, it's just...." Luna didn't know what to say.

After an uncomfortable silence between them something else grabbed their attention.

Something was going on on the other side of the pool they were standing next to. They weren't sure what suddenly happened but it seemed a few guy's had caught a girl by surprise and thrown her into the pool, she tumbled in the water screaming while making a big splash. Causing a hilarious scene.

A few seconds later her head popped back up out of the water and immediately gave the guys her middle finger. People that were standing around the pool were laughing their asses off at the prank.

"What? You pissed your pants earlier anyway, it's just a little bit more wetness." The guy said as an excuse while shrugging.

The girl immediately shouted back, "No i didn't!"

"Yes you did!" Several of the people who must be her friends immediately called her out.

The girl replied smug with an evil grin, "I'm completely soaked, so even if i did you don't have any proof!"

"Bitch the pee stain on your pants was bigger than mine!" One of the girls on the side yelled, pointing towards her own clearly peed pants.

Their entire group was laughing over this including the soaked girl in the pool.

Luna and Chloe were laughing as well when Luna turned her attention back to Chloe,

"It's nothing to worry about really." Luna lied,

Chloe got a grin on her face when she replied, "You know you're a terrible liar right?"

Luna immediately lowered her head and started to blush. This wasn't the first time someone told her she was terrible at lying.

"Hey you can tell me anything," Chloe said softly, almost whispering, "Is this maybe about Caitlyn?"

Luna now got even more flustered, fumbling with her now empty drink still in her hand.

A grin came over Chloe's face, "You're not gonna tell me you're jealous right?"

"....maybe." Luna felt her face getting bright red, when she was hearing it out loud coming from her own mouth she felt even more ashamed.

Chloe started laughing.

"Is it that funny?" Luna asked confused.

"Kind of," Chloe answered still chuckling, "Caitlyn said exactly the same, as in she being jealous about you!"

"Wait really?" Luna was caught off guard by that surprise,

"Of course, Isn't it obvious obvious why?" Chloe asked, paused and thought of what to say next, "Honestly i really didn't see it coming, her confession i mean. Hearing those words coming out of her mouth...that she has feelings for me."

Chloe shook her head, "Whatever... it doesn't matter, i don't get why you would be jealous over her though?"

Luna felt incredibly uncomfortable, but she was already this far so she had to ask it.

"Do you still have feelings for her?"

"After everything she did? Of course not!" Chloe started laughing again, "Wait that's what you were worried about?"

Luna sheepishly nodded, partly relieved but also left feeling silly.

"I just thought... she's probably rich as fuck, probably has a fancy house and car. You know... how can i compete with that? Compared to me...i'm not like that, look at my house for example." Luna took a deep breath, "And i remember you saying you had feelings for her in the past."

"Uhm...i don't care about any of that!" Chloe immediately blurted out, "Wait, what's wrong with your house?"

Luna was once again caught off guard.

"Compared to your house, which is also... just so amazing it's... intimidating." Luna almost mumbled the words out.

The puzzle pieces all fell together for Chloe now, realizing what was bothering Luna for a long time already.

"Oh... oooh! i'm so sorry, i had no idea you felt like that!" Chloe said apologetically and then continued with her trademark smile on her face. "So that's why you were apprehensive about me coming over! Actually i always wished you would invite me over more, i like it at your place, it's all warm and cozy!"

Luna realized she had been way overthinking things once again...Chloe didn't care one bit about the difference between them. "I'm an idiot..." she thought

Chloe suddenly took a step closer to Luna, grabbing her hands. "Fuck Caitlyn, she won't ever be my friend again anyway, let alone having feelings for her."

Luna felt all warm and fuzzy on the inside, she believed Chloe completely and knew she had worried for nothing. But what Chloe was about to say still surprised her.

"You're the one i love."

Luna's eyes widened and looked at Chloe in surprise, speechless in the moment.

"uhm, sorry, maybe i said too much?" Chloe said while getting all flustered.

"N-no no, it's okay!" Luna blurted out,

Now it was Chloe's turn to become all flustered, Luna thought it was hella cute.

"Hey do you guys have anything on you that can't get wet? Like you're phones are waterproof right?" Selena suddenly asked, popping up seemingly out of nowhere and not realizing Luna and Chloe were having a moment.

"uhm... no? Wait why?"

Vicky suddenly popped out from behind Selena surprising both of them and before they could reacted they both pushed Luna and Chloe with all their might.

They both had realized it a split second too late and got surprised, there was nothing they could do to stop this anymore and landed with a big splash into the pool followed by applause from onlookers. This triggered something with the onlookers... some of the other people started to push their own friends into the pool and very quickly it became chaos.

Luna moved her now wet hair out of her eyes to get greeted with a just as wet Chloe in front of her. They were both until their shoulders in the water, their hair was dripping, clothes soaked, making Chloe's white blouse semi transparent and revealing her bra she was wearing underneath while some of her make up had ran out.

At the same time they both let out a "fuck!"

The night sky, paired with the pool being lit, made Chloe somehow look even more attractive than she already was. Even with some of her make up that had ran out.

Chloe was getting visibly shy, "Um, about what i said, you don't have to respond if you..."

"Shut up." Luna said while a smile came on her face.

She moved closer to Chloe, took her in an embrace and right before she started to kiss her she whispered, "I love you too."

They completely ignored the chaos that was happening around them in the pool as they only had attention for each other and everything else faded out.

___

Two guys were making their way through the crowd, there was a bunch of commotion around the pool. It became clear some people where jumping in the pool or something, it didn't matter as they were heading back to their room, it was late and they had enough for today. When suddenly his friend punched him on his shoulder.

"Dude wtf?"

"Duuuuuude!"

"What?!"

"Look in the pool! It's Chloe and Luna!!"

"Oh... oooh shit!"

The friends were looking from the side of the pool, seeing their two fellow classmates entangled in a steamy make out session.

They saw how Vicky and Selena jumped in the pool as well with clothes and everything, to then splash water in the direction of Chloe and Luna and shouted at them.

"Hey lovebirds! Go get a room!"

"Yea, go make love somewhere else!"

They didn't seem to mind the teasing, they both flipped off Selena and Vicky and continued kissing. Not at all aware there were two classmates looking.

"Duuuuude! Are They actually dating?"

"What else did it look like?"

"What do you think the others would say?"

"What do you think Tim, Luna's ex would say?!"

The two guys continued their walk to their room while discussing what they just saw.

___

When they all got out of the pool a little later they immediately noticed what a bad idea that actually was, with the soaked clothes out of the pool it was ice cold in the chilly night air.

They made their way through the party soaking wet, thinking about what their next move would be, but they quickly saw their opportunity when passing by the hottub, only one guy was in there with two girls, they didn't mind getting in with them as they had enough room in there for all of them.

Only once they got in the hottub Luna recognized them, it was the tall bald black guy with the muscled body that they met a few days ago at the pool. He was in there with his girlfriend on his side and the other girl on his other side must be a friend Luna thought.

With his typical deep and rumbling voice he asked, "Hey girls, enjoying the party?"

They all eagerly said yes, he seemed really friendly. After all they remembered how he had stood up for them with the Karen at the beginning of the cruise.

Soon after they had managed to get their hands on a fresh rounds of drinks when they ordered from an employee with a cart rolling around. All meanwhile Luna and Chloe still had a silly grin on their face from what had happened earlier in the pool.

They were all sitting in the hottub fully clothed, same for the other three they didn't know the name of.

They were all getting pretty drunk by now, especially Vicky and Selena, but who cares? After all they were on vacation and they could just walk to their room at any given time.

Luna took another sip from her drink, warm and comfortably with Chloe in her embrace, enjoying the hottub, enjoying her night to it's fullest while she didn't have to worry about Caitlyn anymore.

Meanwhile the guy blatantly started to make out with his girlfriend, which was slightly awkward as they were all sitting pretty close to each other and they were strangers to them. Although it didn't really bother them too much, on top of that Chloe was having her own ideas it seemed.

While relaxing and enjoying the hottub Luna could feel how Chloe was making advances onto her, her hands were obscured from view in the hottub because of the bubbles and foam on top of the water but she could feel Chloe's hands going over her thighs and Luna was loving it.

If those two were making out, would it be fine if she would kiss Chloe right now?

As she was wondering about it she noticed something while glancing over at the trio.

The guy was making out with his girlfriend on one side, while she seemed to have her hand on his... lap? She wasn't sure what she was doing as it got obscured by the layer of foam on top of the water.

Hold up... with another glance she saw how the guy had one arm around his girlfriend, but noticed his other hand was going down to the other girls lap... whatever he was doing was hidden by the layer of foam. Luna's attention peeked, what was happening under that layer of foam?

Meanwhile Selena and Vicky were talking about how the guys they met at the bar had been obnoxious losers that thought they were way too cool for this party, so instead of sticking with them they quickly bailed and decided to go and play a prank and throw Luna and Chloe into the pool as a prank.

"Fuck you very much for that!" Luna said jokingly,

"You're welcome!"

Luna glanced over to the trio again and she could see how the girl on the side was slightly rocking back and forth with a dreamy look on her face, slightly with her mouth open. If she didn't know any better, she would swear the guy next to her was...

Before Luna could finish her thought Chloe had started on her next advance, Luna couldn't refuse and a second later they were kissing. Being drunk and horny at this point because of what was happening in the hottub next to them. Kissing quickly turned into making out as they got more and more into it.

"Oh you girls are having a good time as well, i can tell!" The girl on the side said in a dreamy voice, "I'm Chanel by the way."

The couple briefly paused their make out session to introduce themselves, "I'm Vanessa and this is my boyfriend Zeke ('Whassup')"

Luna and Chloe paused their make out session, while being shy they all introduced themselves and Chloe confirmed, "Yea we're enjoying ourselves! What about you guys?"

This whole situation was kind of odd Luna thought, and this trio was so casual about it.

Zeke answered with a grin, "Oh we're having a great time, don't mind us ok, we're just having some fun over here."

Wait what exactly did he mean by that? Luna was suspicious to what exactly was happening below the water surface. Meanwhile Chloe didn't seem to care as much and had moved on to kissing Luna in her neck, working her way to her earlobes. Luna was having a hard time keeping attention to what the trio was doing while she was getting more and more turned on by Chloe her advances.

"Oh, ok i see, uhm, ok." Vicky and Selena stammered,

Luna had lost her attention for a few seconds but when she glanced to the trio again she started to question things even more.

Zeke's girlfriend, Vanessa was leaning over him and was now kissing Chanel full on the mouth.

Hold on what kind of relationship did these three people exactly have?? Although... Luna couldn't deny she liked what she was seeing as both these women were really attractive.

Selena and Vicky glanced at each other, thinking "What did we get ourselves into?"

Now Zeke started making out with Chanel, leaving his girlfriend on his side, but meanwhile Luna could swear... obscured by the foam on the water... she could swear... Was his hand in Vanessa's pants while making out with Chanel?!

Suddenly Vanessa let out a moan, confirming what Luna was thinking.

Zeke interrupted his kiss with Chanel for a brief moment and turned around to his girlfriend and said in a deep voice, "Oh you sound like you're enjoying yourself."

Vanessa let out another moan, confirming what Zeke had just said. On top of that, even if it was mostly obscured by the water, they could now all see how Vanessa started to move her hips back and forth.

Selena's eyes widened in shock, Vicky her mouth was hanging open from sheer disbelieve, Chloe stopped and looked up, stunned. They were all speechless at the scene in front of them, realizing Zeke was in the middle of fingering his girlfriend while making out with the other girl.

Vicky was the first to speak. "Holy shit!"

Zeke had realized the others shocked expressions, "I'm sorry about that, want us to stop?"

Before they could even respond...

"No." Vanessa said in between moans, "Don't stop."

"Uhm... N-no it's fine." Luna stammered while the others nodded sheepishly.

This was totally bonkers but so... so hot.

And it's not like they were doing anything inherently wrong.

They sat in awe as they saw how Zeke fingered his girlfriend to an orgasm, Vanessa moaned loud while they could all see how spasms were going through her.

Now it was Selena's turn to say, "Holy shit!"

Luna her heart was beating like crazy, she was all flustered by what had just happened in front of her, she frantically looked around outside the hottub to see if people had noticed, but with all the loud music and people partying it seemed like nobody was paying any attention to what was happening here in the hottub, most of it hidden by only a thin layer of foam while most of the sound they made got muffled by the music.

"Screw it." Luna thought, nobody was paying attention to them anyway, she pulled Chloe closer to her and they started making out, more passionate than before. Obscured by the foam Luna slid her hands over Chloe's thighs, feeling her leggings and riding her hand upwards inside her shorts legs. Luna could feel Chloe's mouth open and she immediately accepted and let her tongue slide in, followed by small moans by both.

This situation was crazy right now but she couldn't stop, she had never felt anything like this, she shouldn't do it but she got so aroused that she wasn't thinking anymore.

Soon Luna and Chloe's attention got drawn to the trio again when now they could hear moans coming from them again. Luna couldn't believe what she was seeing, seriously what is their relationship exactly?!

The trio had shifted places (Luna and Chloe had been so occupied they hadn't even noticed yet) Chanel was now sitting in the middle with Zeke now chilling on their side, with a bottle of beer in one hand and his arm draped around Chanel's shoulders, with one hand in her soaked top, fondling her boobs.

Meanwhile Vanessa was on the other side of Chanel, even if it was obscured by the foam Luna was sure of it, she was making out and simultaneously fingering Chanel while she was letting out moans.

"So let me get this straight, your girlfriend there is doing your friend, while you're playing with her boobs?" Selena said in disbelief while Vicky still hadn't closed her mouth from the shock.

Zeke took a sip from his beer and confirmed with a grin, "mhm." He then nods at Chanel, "And you probably didn't catch the part where she's also jacking me off."

This was completely insane, but Luna couldn't help getting more and more turned on by it all. Luna now faced Chloe, with simply looking in her eyes she already knew what she wanted, what they both wanted at the moment. She wanted to do her right here and now. Underwater Luna unbuttoned Chloe's shorts while she could already feel her spread her legs, inviting Luna, she slid her hand down in her shorts and panties and let her fingers gently caress and explore Chloe's pussy. They continued kissing, followed by occasional moans coming from Chloe.

Luna started playing with Chloe's clit, loving how she could feel her squirm with every touch, moan with every tease, they completely lost attention to their surroundings and were completely going up in their love making. Luna slid a finger inside, fingering Chloe underwater while nobody could directly see what they were doing,

...In the hottub.

In the middle of a party on the top deck....

Vicky and Selena glanced at each other once again, both with a look of shock on their face.

On one side of the hottub there was basically a threesome going on, while on the other side they had their two friends, they couldn't be completely sure what was going on because of the water with a layer of foam on top, but they didn't know any better than that Luna was in the middle of fingering Chloe, and from the look on Chloe's face and her moaning she wasn't all that far off of climaxing.

Both didn't immediately want to accept it, but they were seriously turned on by everything happening around them.

Chanel was letting out moans of pleasure, getting closer to her own climax with the help of Vanessa next to her,

Zeke encouraged them on in between sips from his beer, "Come on babe, she's about to come!"

Zeke now turned towards Selena and Vicky and asked in his typical deep voice.

"What's up with you two, don't fancy making love?" Zeke said with his deep but gentle voice.

"Uhm sorry, kinda drunk but still straight." Vicky said,

Selena suddenly blurted out drunkenly, "Maybe bi."

"Wait really?" Vicky suddenly asked shocked at this revelation.

Selena's face instantly turned red and was in shock, realising she had said that out loud.

Vicky couldn't help but chuckle, "It's okay, not gonna lie, but i already had some suspicions."

Zeke nodded towards his companions next to him and joked, "Don't worry, they're also straight, well kind of, does it really matter? Don't be scared, relax and just enjoy yourselves."

Those words left Vicky conflicted, she was sure of herself being straight, but it was hard for her to deny she was getting aroused from seeing girls around her make love to each other. Vicky's resistance was starting to show cracks, on top of that Selena was now looking at her with this weird expression on her face... suddenly she started to lean towards her.

Vicky felt herself leaning in as well, their lips met, one kiss quickly became two and soon she could feel herself melt, experiencing the softness and tenderness that came with kissing another girl surprised her, realising she was kind of enjoying it.

Chloe arced her back and let out a load moan. pure pleasure was coursing through her body as she climaxed while Luna felt Chloe's pussy convulsing. She took her hand out and observed how Chloe was still shaking from her orgasm seconds later.

They both slowly came down from their high and back to reality, just in time to see Chanel orgasm as well while letting out loud moans.

"Nice!" Zeke's voice rumbled.

In all their horniness they had completely forgotten about their surroundings, to Luna and Chloe's surprise when they looked to the other side of the hottub they were now greeted with the sight of Selena and Vicky who where in the middle of a steamy make out session. With tongue and everything.

All of this was surreal, how in the world had they all gone this far.

Now she frantically started to look around and noticed the party was steadily declining and people were leaving, but to her horror she quickly noticed a lot of people were now looking in their direction, shit...

Luna quickly whispered in Chloe's ear, who was still recovering from her orgasm. "Shit, we might have overdone it, everyone's staring at us."

"Holy shit Luna," Chloe said in a dreamy voice, "Your fingers are AMAZING!"

"Omg get your shit together!"

"Hahaha," Zeke was just laughing at them, looked like he was having a good time, "Relax, those people are just jealous, that's all!"

Suddenly Vanessa swapped places again with Zeke, putting him back in the middle, Vanessa said in a buttery smooth voice, "It's your turn baby!"

Did these people have no shame at all?? Luna poked at Vicky and Selena's feet and legs and got their attention,

"Time to go, you can continue later in your room!" Luna said and got up from the hottub.

"Huh what?" Selena stammered,

"W-we were just, uhm, i'm not, we're just drunk ok!" Vicky stammered and slurred together an excuse.

"Whatever, get up!"

They quickly said their goodbyes to the trio and got out of the hottub.

"Hope you had fun girls!" Chanel waved and winked,

"Just when the real fun was starting! Nah just joking!" Zeke shouted, "Cya!"

Vanessa also said her goodbye, even though it was obscured by the bubbles and foam layer on top of the water they could all tell she was already working her magic on Zeke's dick.

With dripping wet clothes they quickly made their way across the top deck, aware of all the staring eyes that were looking in their direction. Luna felt beyond embarrassed, this was way too much attention for her liking. Chloe had her arms crossed, trying to hide her wet see through white blouse that was showcasing her bra.

While passing a group of guys they could all hear them shouting stuff.

"Yea girls, now that's how you party!"

"Hot!!"

"Don't leave yet!!"

"Why didn't you keep going?!!"

They got to the door to enter inside the ship and Selena and Vicky shouted, "Oh god what have we done!"

At least the cold was making them sober up, but that wasn't helping the situation at all.

___

"Fuck!" They were almost at their room, ice cold and soaked from head to toes.

Vicky and Selena headed to their own room while Luna was trying to open their door, she was shivering so hard from the cold that she struggled for a few seconds to open the mechanism.

Once inside she kicked off her soaking wet shoes and before she even could do anything else she could feel Chloe opening the zipper of her jumpsuit on her back,

Chloe whispered from behind, "Let me help you warm back up."

They helped each other out of their wet clothes, her jumpsuit was already laying on the ground while she started to unbutton and remove Chloe's soaked blouse. After that she unbuttoned her shorts and started to pull them down, revealing Chloe's light blue panties, meanwhile Chloe was playing with her hands in Luna's wet hair, waiting for her girlfriend to strip her off her wet clothes. She helped a bit more by unclipping Luna's bra while she was taking of her shorts, soon after her own bra came off.

By the time Chloe pushed Luna on their bed, both of them were only wearing their soggy panties anymore. Chloe crawled on top of Luna and slowly pulled off her panties while Luna let her do, laying completely naked on bed she quickly pulled Chloe in an embrace.

They were caressing each other, experiencing each other for the first time while exploring each others bodies. Luna enjoyed the kisses that Chloe was giving on her skin all over her body, followed by her sucking on Luna's nipples. It was just them and nothing else that mattered in this very moment.

Chloe lifted herself and Luna saw her chance and shoved her hand into Chloe's panties, further exploring Chloe's pussy, continuing where they had left off in the hottub. She loved how soaking wet her pussy already was, hold on, as she was caressing her pussy she could start to feel even more wetness. A second later something warm was running through her fingers, dribbling down from Chloe as she started peeing her panties. It dripped all over Luna's stomach, running down and wetting their bed.

Luna was in heaven, the dribble quickly turned into a stream and she could feel it jet against her hand. The bed sheets below and around her were starting to get soaking wet as more and more pee cascaded down from Chloe's crotch onto Luna.

Luna knew she wasn't gonna last long as they continued playing in their already wet bed, Chloe was playing with Luna's clit while they were making out, starting to finger her and Luna could already feel her orgasm coming any second from now, she knew she was gonna lose control over her bursting bladder any moment now.

Chloe started rubbing Luna's clit as fast as she could and Moments later pure feeling of ecstacy ran through Luna, her back arced, moaning loudly. Pee sprayed out of her and against Chloe's hand, redirecting and splashing pee everywhere. The bed got thoroughly soaked but neither of the girls cared. In fact they enjoyed it even. Chloe came laying next to her in the wet bed while Luna was still heavily panting, trying to catch her breath. She never knew sex could be this heavenly.

Chloe was curling up to Luna, caressing her breasts while she was coming down from her high.

They were looking into each others eyes when they both got a giant smile on their face, when Luna brought up the promise from earlier in the day, before the party.

"Remember i was gonna make it up to you for earlier?" Luna asked,

"mhm," Chloe said, "Wait, wasn't that the thing in the hottub?"

"Oh no, that wasn't it!" Luna said while she lifted herself up and got on top of Chloe.

Luna gave a quick kiss on Chloe's mouth and started to make her way down, kissing her neck, nipples, stomach... Luna grabbed Chloe's soggy peed panties and pulled them off, Chloe answered by spreading her legs wide, giving a magnificent view to Luna.

"Oh Luna... holy fuck..."

Luna kissed her thigh, and after a short pause she started kissing Chloe around her crotch area, teasing her, she could feel how her girlfriend was almost losing it from anticipation.

At last Luna let her tongue slide over her pussy and in her slit, caressing her clit. Kissing and sucking it, and with every other move she did Luna could feel Chloe squirm and moan.

Juices were freely flowing out of Chloe's pussy while Luna could taste her, the slight after taste of pee was pushing her arousal even further.

"Luna s-stop, i'm gonna come!"

Luna didn't stop, in fact she started sucking even harder, mixed with licking Chloe's clit. Luna could feel Chloe pussy convulse around her tongue while seeing spasms going through her, only then Luna stopped eating her out and started rubbing her pussy as hard as she could while Chloe was moaning loudly, loud enough that the neighbours could definitely hear it but neither of the girls couldn't care less at this point. Chloe squirted all over Luna and the bed, soaking everything even more than it already was.

"Oh my fucking god Luna!"

Then came the aftermath. Luna was dripping wet, she was sitting on her knees in bed, in front of a naked Chloe that was still panting, basking in the afterglow of her orgasm. Luna slowly crawled next to Chloe, wanting to cuddle her. Giving her small kisses, she couldn't really describe it but she felt like something special had just happened between them. They cuddled in their wet bed for a little while longer, thinking that the night was coming at it's end.

Luna had no idea sex could be this great, not that her ex Tim was bad... it was just... he never even ate her pussy out, something she was eager to experience to know how it would feel.

Chloe suddenly lifted herself up from Luna's embrace as Luna wondered what she was up to.

"Huh, what are you doing?" Luna asked confused.

Chloe had a mischievous grin on her face, "The thing with lesbian sex, is that it's only over when both say it's over!"

Chloe made her way down and before Luna could prepare herself, she could feel Chloe starting to lick her pussy, starting to eat her out.

"Ooooh!"

When her orgasm came crashing down on her minutes later, her mind went blank and Luna learned it felt even better than she had hoped it would.

She moaned loudly, almost yelling while squirting all over Chloe, giving their bed another good soaking.

When the afterglow finally faded and Chloe had crawled herself back next to her it was clear they were both done for the night, immediately falling asleep in each other's embrace.

They were so tired and exhausted neither woke up in the middle of the night when they needed to pee, both wetting the bed in their sleep.

___

*139*2023-07-20 00:41

Using a different text editor for this one, with better grammar correction 😄

Chapter 25

Pain...

Head ache to be more exact.

Was the first thing that Luna felt, her head was throbbing.

The light that came through the curtains felt way too bright and hurt her eyes, she turned around so she didn't have to look at the light.

Now she was facing Chloe who looked like she was still out cold, drooling on her pillow.

Luna started to fully wake up, recalling what had happened last night while she also noticed the pressure on her bladder, she needed to pee pretty bad.

It's only now that she remembered she was fully naked under the blankets, and so was Chloe who was laying right next to her.

She started blushing heavily when thinking back of last night, she could still recall the taste and texture of Chloe's pussy while eating her out, making her orgasm. Now without the effects of all the alcohol paired with the lack of horniness she felt some embarrassment about it.

She was reminiscing her mind shattering orgasm from getting her pussy eaten out, she had never experienced anything like it although she couldn't remember what had happened right after that, she must've fallen asleep instantly she figured.

She was letting her hand go over the sheets, surprisingly dry she thought, these beds were freaking fantastic, if you're fully naked and not in wet pyjamas it manages to completely dry up. After all, she remembered they had completely soaked the bed while making love.

Thinking of getting soaked, she got fluttering feelings in her stomach when she thought back of the moment Chloe was wetting her panties on top of her. “Oh god we really went all the way.”

More embarrassment now crept into her mind, remembering how they had attracted way too much attention by low key making love in the hot tub with loads of people having seen that.

"I'm never gonna drink any more alcohol for the rest of my life." Luna thought while suffering from a hangover.

"Water" She was thirsty as hell but luckily there was plenty of ice cold water in their mini fridge across the room but that meant getting out of bed, and right now she felt very naked... She wasn't really the bravest when it came to being nude around others.

Luna her internal voice was now starting to argue with her, "Stop being a chicken... it's okay if Chloe sees you naked, she literally stuck her tongue inside your vagina last night, it's safe to say she already has seen your private parts from up close."

Luna let out a groan, last night was truly amazing, but she was struggling a bit coming to terms that she has had full blown sex with another girl, and there was no sugar coating it.

Although in hindsight, all of that didn't matter because deep down she got a warm and fuzzy feeling in her stomach just from thinking about Chloe and what had happened last night, it was pushing away her embarrassment and was making her feel butterflies in her stomach. She had no regrets.

"So this is what love feels like."

___

Luna carefully crawled out of bed to not wake up Chloe and tip toed towards the mini fridge, halfway there she realized her bladder was feeling more uncomfortably full than she thought. Maybe she should've just wet the bed once more, now that she thinks about it, they probably did wet the bed in their sleep anyway. On the other hand, their room toilet was closed as well as it was probably past morning already, shower was still an option...

Actually she already had a better idea... and naughtier as well.

Luna was uncomfortable while standing butt naked in the middle of the room, but that didn't stop her from pausing and gazing around their room, it looked like a mini tornado had gone through. How did her panties manage to get all the way on top of the cupboard? Chloe must have thrown them there by accident when she took them off of her.

Hold up, Chloe's panties were hanging off of the corner of the TV, how the hell did they get up there??

Luna blushed a little when she realised she must've thrown them up there when pulling them off from her.

The rest of their clothes were scattered everywhere, she recognized her bra laying under one of the chairs while Chloe's blouse somehow had managed to land on the other chair across the room. Chloe’s shorts ended up laying in the middle of the room and to Luna’s surprise her phone was laying a little bit further, she quickly picked it up and was just happy it wasn't broken or lost.

Luna got to the fridge, crouched and opened it to get the bottles of water out, she checked behind her to check on Chloe, who was still sleeping like a rock.

While still being crouched she relaxed her bladder.

*pssssshhh*

Relief washed over her as she was letting her morning pee pour out of her and stream onto the carpet, making a hissing sound throughout the room. A puddle was quickly forming and growing at her feet as she was emptying her entire bladder on the carpet in front of the mini fridge.

*psssh*

Almost a minute later her stream subsided, she felt naughty and slightly turned on letting her pee run freely like that.

Leaving a puddle she tip toed back to the bed with her phone and the bottles of water in her hands, trying to not make any further sounds. When she got back in bed, carefully to not wake Chloe, she quickly downed a whole 0.5L bottle of water, she really needed that... she started sipping from a second bottle already when she could feel sleepiness wash over her. She quickly dozed off again.

A while later Luna opened her eyes again and stretched her arms, slowly waking up, realizing she had dozed off. She quickly pulled up the sheets as she realized her chest was exposed and was greeted by Chloe who was laying next to her. Realizing she was also slowly waking up.

They looked at each other and started laughing, they were a complete mess.

They still had their messed up make up on from last night, paired with their hair being a complete mess, it looked hilarious.

Chloe let her gaze go around their room, seeing all the chaos she got a smile on her face.

"Damn so that really happened, this is the second time on this cruise that i wake up and think it was all probably a dream... awch... my head though"

Luna confirmed her own hangover while Chloe's gaze landed on the big wet spot on the carpet in front of their mini fridge. "Hold up, that wasn't there last night?"

Luna blushed a little bit about her naughty morning pee. "I woke up earlier and went for some water and i really needed to pee, i guess i was feeling a bit naughty."

"Damn that's hot!" Chloe's eyes widened as she said it. "Wish i could've seen that!"

Luna blushed shyly.

"I'm bursting to pee as well though." Chloe announced while yawning.

Luna sleepily said, "Just go in bed, i don't mind, you don't need to ask."

"I could do that... or i could also do it on the carpet? Should i?"

Now Luna's attention peeked, she didn't want to miss that show, Chloe fully nude and peeing the carpet is something that would come straight out of a wet dream.

"uhm... yes please! I definitely want to see that!"

"Damn, knowing you'll be watching is making me nervous though." Chloe shyly admitted.

Luna carefully pushed a little, "awww, i wanted to see that!"

After some more convincing Chloe finally got up out of bed. Luna her eyes were glued to Chloe and her body, fully naked she walked to the middle of the room and spread her legs.

"Oh god please stop staring, it's embarrassing!"

"I'm sorry it's hard not to!"

Luna was holding her breath as she watched, a few seconds later the first trickle dribbled on the carpet, soon followed by splattering when Chloe’s stream of pee hit the carpet.

Some of her pee went down her legs while most of it was spraying around on the carpet, soaking the carpet and her shorts that were still laying there.

Instantly Luna got turned on by this amazing sight and she couldn't resist, she started playing with her pussy under the blanket while watching her girlfriend stand fully naked, spraying her pee all over the carpet.

"Omg that's so freaking hot!" Luna squealed,

"Haha... hold on, are you playing with yourself right now?"

"uhm... no?" Luna lied while she could already feel her face get completely red.

Chloe was done peeing and crawled back in bed and got next to Luna while she looked at her.

"Luna... you're a terrible liar!" Chloe said while laughing out loud. "It's totally fine, you don't need to be embarrassed about it!"

"In fact, it's kinda hot!" Chloe admitted,

Luna felt a bit shy about it although she knew Chloe was being honest.

Chloe invited Luna in an embrace and while being shy about the fact they both weren’t wearing a single piece of clothing, she gladly accepted.

She was surprised at herself how comfortable she was with laying right next to her, in fact she really enjoyed the feeling of their naked bodies against each other.

They lazily stayed in bed while cuddling and talking about stuff, after last night it was easier for both girls to talk about more intimate stuff about each other, Luna loved how much she was learning about Chloe.

Although Luna already had a pretty good guess about this, Chloe admitted last night was her first time ever.

Luna talked about how it was her first time getting her pussy eaten and how much she had loved it.

Then Chloe revealed something that was a total surprise to Luna.

"Until yesterday i was kinda scared, because on the same day we first kissed at the party, you said afterwards you were still very conflicted about having a girlfriend. I could tell you were struggling with your feelings and I just kept wondering. What if she changes her mind or was wrong about her feelings and after the cruise ends, just gets back with some guy."

Chloe let out a long sigh, "I have gotten so used to feeling miserable that when I’m actually happy i get this uneasy feeling that it's only temporary, and you have no idea how happy you've made me lately! I think I’m just scared of losing you."

Luna could feel herself become emotional over Chloe opening up about herself.

"But then what you said yesterday in the pool, made me realize I’m worrying for nothing." Chloe started blushing while finishing her little story.

"Well i was pretty drunk to be honest." Luna joked, while quickly adding, "Don't worry, i still love you."

Chloe responded with her trademark smile, "Love you too."

Now it was Luna's time to admit that she was really shy being naked, and scared of having to get out of bed right now.

"That's so cute!" Chloe responded.

"And if I’m completely honest, i loved what happened last night but I’m also pretty embarrassed about it, i never thought i would go that far." Luna admitted.

Luna explained and admitted how she was struggling a little with coming to terms with having had sex last night, it suddenly all went a little bit fast. But Chloe immediately comforted her.

"I don't mind at all if you want to take it a bit slower from now on, just tell me."

Chloe did a fantastic job comforting Luna, she was already feeling a lot better about it all.

"And don't worry about earlier," Chloe almost whispered in her ear, "You don't need to be embarrassed about it, in fact i love it that you were playing with your pussy earlier."

Luna couldn’t help getting flustered in the moment.

After a while longer they decided it was time to get up and take a shower, after their late night activities it was definitely needed. When Luna asked who was gonna shower first she got greeted with a mischievous smile on Chloe's face when she asked,

"If you want to, we could shower together."

Luna's eyes widened, the idea was definitely scary at first, but after their intimate talk and Chloe's comforting about her shyness she felt like taking a leap and accepted.

They both got out of bed while naked and went on their way to the shower, but halfway through Luna suddenly stopped, "I kind of have to pee again actually."

Chloe got a mischievous grin on her face that Luna had seen a few times before already.

"Just go on the carpet, no need to be shy about it!"

In fact Luna was shy about it, but she was also getting aroused by the simple idea of peeing on the carpet in the middle of the room while Chloe is watching her. Seconds later she had made up her mind.

"God that's so hot!" Chloe squealed,

Luna was happily emptying her bladder in the middle of the room, adding her own pee to the puddle Chloe had made earlier.

Man she loved this cruise and everything on it.

After leaving a big puddle in the middle of the room they both got in the shower, helping each other wash of the remains of their last night love making while Luna was getting more comfortable with being naked with Chloe with each passing second.

After just a few minutes they were already cuddling under the shower, Luna felt herself getting more and more comfortable, exploring each others body while enjoying the warm shower. Cuddling turned into making out and Luna liked how she could feel Chloe starting to reach for her butt, both were feeling turned on again by this point but decided that this was enough fun in the shower for now, although Luna caught herself wishing it had turned into more sex.

They dried themselves off and started looking on what to wear, which was quite different from last few days, normally they would give each other privacy by one of them going into the bathroom to get dressed.

Now both were only wearing panties while poking in each others suitcases to pick out what the other was gonna wear today.

Luna got hold of one of Chloe's jeans, she recognized it as she remembered her wearing it sometimes, it was tight fitting and showed off her ass fantastically.

"I love it when you wear these jeans, your ass looks amazing in them! It would be cool to see you wet them!" Luna was being bold at this point, but she felt completely comfortable with Chloe.

"Aren't we roughly the same size?" Chloe said, "Why don't you wear them!"

"Am i allowed to wet in them?"

"Of course!"

In the end they got dressed and Luna was wearing Chloe's jeans and top while Chloe was wearing one of Luna's jeans and one of her shirts.

They were just messing around but having a great time while Luna felt like the worst of her hangover was already gone.

They got to cleaning up their room once they got clothed but not before Chloe started laughing and asked how Luna had managed to get her panties on top of the TV.

Just as everything was tidy again someone knocked on their door, not knowing who it was they opened and got surprised by Peyton, Liv and Jake. Apparently they were going around the ship and were about to go have early lunch (they had missed breakfast) And wondered if they were still in their room as they passed it anyway on their way to the restaurant.

To be fair the timing was perfect as they were getting hungry so they were about to go on their way when suddenly they heard their names as they stepped out of their door.

"Are you two Luna and Chloe?"

"Yes" Luna recognized the man from a few days ago, he was their... neighbour... She instantly realized what this was about...

"Next time if you decide to have sex in the middle of the night, could you be a little bit more quiet. My two children couldn't sleep until hours into the night and i had to answer some very difficult questions this morning!"

Luna could feel herself sink through the floor from embarrassment. And still sinking... sinking down through the floors of the ship....

The man then started doing an impression of them with a high pitched voice while moaning "Ooooh Chloe!!! Oooooh Luna, stop I’m about to come!!!!"

Peyton, Liv and Jake where standing with open mouths and shocked expression at what the man was saying.

"And you both being girls doesn't make it any easier to explain!!" He ended his rant with this and slammed his door shut leaving Luna and the others in shock.

Luna was still sinking... her embarrassment was endless, she was now sinking down the ocean... all the way down until she reached the bottom of the ocean, sitting with the fishes... she wished she could stay on the bottom of the ocean there, so she didn't need to face this embarrassment.

Peyton, Liv and Jake had tears rolling off their cheeks, laughing their asses off so hard they couldn't breath and were wheezing. Chloe had a slight grin on her face, she could see the funny side of this, but Luna felt bad and extremely embarrassed. She wanted to get a move on and go to the restaurant so she could try to forget this ever happened, but Peyton, Liv and Jake were laughing so hard they could barely stand up let alone walk.

When suddenly Peyton blurted out,

"I'm pissing myself!"

None of them had expected this, at least not from Peyton, she was wearing a really cute and lose white skirt and they could all see how she was standing with her legs crossed while pee was flowing from under her skirt and down her legs.

Surprisingly she was still laughing with tears coming out of her eyes while she was still clearly going in her panties. Jake laughed even more while Liv suddenly went from laughing mode into shocked mode in less than a second.

Luna and Chloe were intrigued, especially when Peyton didn't seem to care nearly as much as she usually would.

"Omg i can't believe i just pissed myself!" Peyton almost shouted,

They all finally got their shit together and had stopped laughing while Peyton was shaking of the last drops off of her legs, luckily she didn’t have socks on and was wearing flip flops so it didn't matter as much that they had gotten wet.

"Peyton are you okay?" Liv asked worried as if a horrible event had just taken place.

Jake comforted her, "Don't worry about it, it's not a big deal, in fact it made everything even funnier!"

At least this had changed the focus away to a different event, Luna felt lucky.

"Luckily it's just your panties, it's not like other people will see." Chloe added.

Peyton was still standing in the small puddle she had made, when she sheepishly said,

"Well... I’ve seen you guys wet your pants so many times by now." Peyton reasoned , "I guess wet panties isn't that special, right?"

"If you say so, i guess?" Liv answered reluctantly,

The others all agreed with what Peyton just said, even Jake.

“Hey don’t worry about it.” Luna comforted,

"I do want to go and change these wet panties though..."

"Lets pass by Vicky and Selena first then." Luna added.

They decided to walk along as the room of Vicky and Selena wasn't that far away from theirs, and as they hadn't heard from them yet they could just as well go knock. On the way there the others were still teasing Luna and Chloe about what they had just heard.

"So how was the rest of the party after I left?" Peyton finally asked,

"Very eventful." Luna answered truthfully but didn't go further into it, she felt like after what happened recently she had had enough embarrassing things been known about them.

Soon they all stood in front of Vicky and Selena’s door and knocked but nobody opened. Just as they thought they weren't in their room they heard some movement going on behind the door.

Suddenly the door opened a crack and they could see Selena's head poke out, her hair looked terrible and she still had her messed up make up from last night on. She looked horrible...

Selena answered in a sleepy voice "Oh it's you guys, uhm, right now is not really..."

They'll never know what she was about to say because at that moment Peyton suddenly barged in, "Guys hurry up and get dressed! I'm getting hungry!"

They all followed without giving it a second thought and before they knew it they were standing in the middle of the room.

They were taking in the contents of the room and slowly letting the scene sink in.

Clothes were spread out everywhere across the room, and were that panties on the floor laying in front of them?

Vicky was still in bed, covering herself with the blanket with a horrified look on her face, she also didn't look any better than Selena. On second glance, shockingly they could tell she was naked under the blanket, and so was Selena who was covering herself with only a blanket. And then it dawned on the group...

"Hold up..." Peyton said while her eyes were widening in shock.

"Holy shit you guys..." Luna said,

Chloe had a hard time holding in her laughter, "Guess we're not the only ones who had a great time last night!"

"Wait... the two of you?? I could expect it from Luna and Chloe... But you guys?!!" Peyton was shouting from shock.

"Why? How?!" Liv added,

"I don't know." Vicky said with a rasp voice, "I can't remember shit."

"Please don't be so loud, my head hurts." Selena said in a low voice.

"Damn you girls are wild." Jake said with a stupid grin on his face.

When things finally cooled down (Vicky and Selena hadn’t answered a single question yet.) Peyton, Liv and Jake decided to go on to the restaurant while Luna and Chloe decided to wait up for Selena and Vicky, mostly because Luna wanted to avoid getting teased more by the other group.

By the time they got ready it seemed their hangover had gotten a bit better already, they met each other outside their room.

"So..." Luna started,

"Please don't." Vicky said, clearly still embarrassed,

"We don't want to talk about it." Selena quickly added.

Chloe couldn't resist, "But at least you enjoyed yourselves right?"

"Shut up." Both Selena and Vicky answered at the same time.

Luna and Chloe glanced at each other and grinned, but they decided to drop it as both girls seemed to be seriously embarrassed at what had happened.

They weren't feeling it yet to go eat and instead they found this really cool bar out on the deck that was selling all sorts of freshly made juices and smoothies, they went with some infused water with all sorts of fruits to shake off their hangovers.

The infused water with fruits was doing wonders for their hangovers and they started to enjoy their time at the bar out in the sun, they got another drink and ended up staying for a while longer.

___

When they had enough of the infused drinks they finally left the bar and got on their way to the restaurant to get lunch, as they left Luna announced she needed the bathroom, as her bladder was starting to fill at a pretty fast rate by now. The others all acknowledged their own needs.

“Hey guys, remember the toast we all did yesterday night?” Vicky suddenly said,

“Yes.” They all acknowledged while Luna already knew where this was headed, at least she was kind of hoping it would.

Vicky asked energetic, “If the toilet at the restaurant is red or the line is too long we skip it entirely! What do you guys say?”

The restaurant in question they were going to was the main and biggest one on the ship, and at this hour it will be full of people. Knowing that, it’s almost impossible the line at that toilet wouldn’t be long at this point as a ton of people would gather there at this hour.

Luna started to feel a bit nervous but she agreed, and so did the others so they went on their way.

Arriving at the restaurant none of them got surprised when they saw the massive line at the toilets, they walked past it without missing a beat and towards the entrance of the restaurant.

Selena asked worried, “Guys are we really doing this? I really need to pee right now and look at how many people are in there.”

Luna completely understood Selena’s worries, it was in the middle of the day and she could see it was packed with families, couples, elderly people and children alike. All types of people were enjoying their lunch and on top of that, it was an open space with mostly regular tables with chairs and sometimes a couch so they would have minimal cover even if they would wet themselves on their seats. If they would wet their pants a lot of people would notice for sure.

“Remember what we said last night?” Vicky asked while grinning, “About chickening out?”

“Oh so you do remember some things from last night!” Chloe joked.

Oh Luna definitely remembered, and sure Luna was nervous about what they were about to do.

But she was so much more excited in comparison!

“Lets just do it, it’s really not a big deal if people see us wet ourselves!” Vicky added.

Chloe added her own words of encouragement, “Agree, we wet ourselves so many times yesterday, we shouldn’t worry and just let ‘go’ in our pants!”

A grin came on Selena’s face, “I was just checking if you guys weren’t chickening out!”

Selena casually added, “Alright, lets just wet our pants once we’re sitting down at the table.”

They all agreed in unison.

“Good idea, because I really need to pee.” Luna added,

All sorts of emotions were rushing through Luna as they entered the buffet style restaurant, one by one they picked their utensils and plate and waited in line. Vicky was first in line, followed by Selena, then Chloe and Luna being the last of the group.

It was clear Vicky was feeling herself the most confident right now, actually with previous wettings it was often Vicky that would wet herself first, she was more confident about it than the others, which made sense knowing she had grown up in a household where it wasn’t frowned upon to wet your pants.

But Luna wasn’t gonna lose to Vicky this time! She wasn’t gonna wait until they would sit down at a table to wet herself, she was feeling cheeky and wanted to let out a few spurts in her pants right now, having that nice wet feeling in her crotch.

Somehow, in the moment Luna felt it was less embarrassing for her to wet herself than what had happened earlier with the neighbour, in fact she didn’t mind that much being seen with a wet spot on her pants right now.

Luna tried to relax her bladder but nothing came out... stage fright? After all, there were a lot of people around, including an old couple right behind her that were also standing in line. But that wasn’t gonna stop her!

Luna licked her lips and gave a push, letting out a spurt of pee in her panties, dampening them.

It felt good but surely letting out more would feel better, this probably wasn’t even enough to show a wet spot on her jeans, correction, Chloe’s jeans.

Her excitement was building, with shaky hands she picked up a piece of bread and put it on her plate.

She moved up in line and was now standing in front of the salad bar.

Her heart was pounding in her chest when she started pushing again, this time she felt like letting out more than before, knowing it would cause a visible wet spot only made her more aroused.

She enjoyed the feeling of warm pee, soaking through her panties and into her jeans.

For a brief moment she had felt the familiar warm glow in her panties that she loved so much, she was already looking forward to emptying the rest of her bladder knowing how good it would feel.

While putting a salad together on her plate she checked her crotch, she could see a wet spot that was still soaking and slowly expanding in her jeans from her long spurt, it was about the size of a baseball.

The line slowed down now, they had to wait for people in front of them while picking out their food.

Meanwhile while waiting Luna started feeling warm and fuzzy on the inside, she wanted to let out more. In fact she could feel her bladder start to relax on it’s own.

Luna started to zone out, with a calm feeling coming over her when in a matter of seconds, her hands stopped shaking. Realizing she wasn’t bothered if people would see her wet pants, even if she released more.

She relaxed and let out another big spurt in her pants, enjoying her pee streaming in her already soaked panties. She glanced down to see her pee stain was growing bigger again, yet she felt perfectly calm about it while enjoying herself. She was wetting her pants right here next to the buffet with loads of people around her and it was making her feel euphoric at this point!

She could feel her bladder start to relax on it’s own again, although this time she didn’t feel like fighting it, so what if people would see her wet her pants? At this point it wasn’t a big deal any more! A shiver went down her spine knowing what she was about to do.

Without any hesitation she relaxed and let her pee stream in her panties, making her pussy get engulfed in warm wetness, glancing down she could already see the wetness spreading all over her crotch. And yet, she didn’t feel like stopping, in fact, she felt comfortable about letting it flow while enjoying it!

A blissful feeling washed over her as she could now feel her pee was spreading to her butt while also going down to her knees.

“Ah what the heck, it feels amazing so why would she stop now?” In a whim she completely relaxed her bladder...

*psssssssh*

Luna loved how she could hear herself pissing her pants while feeling her pee stream cascading down her legs, and she wasn’t even thinking of stopping her flow, she was gonna empty her bladder right here and now.

Her pee had reached her shoes now while also soaking her socks when she noticed the others were looking at her with a surprised expression, a second later they all got a grin on their face when they could see Luna was enjoying herself.

Luna couldn’t help it and a grin came over her face, she was relishing this moment. With her mouth slightly open, shoulders dropped, completely in the moment of wetting herself, soaking her pants and creating a big puddle where she stood.

When she was done and had pushed out the last spurt into her panties she let out a loud sigh.

“Holy shit that felt amazing!”

People were now staring and whispering... how could they not, she was standing in her own puddle in soaking wet faded jeans that showed the wet stain very clearly, anyone could tell she had just wet herself.

Although knowing that, it didn’t take away how great it had felt for Luna... funny enough, she still felt no regret about emptying her bladder on a whim.

Suddenly she heard from behind her, “Did that girl just have an accident?”

“I don’t think that was an accident sweetheart.”

Luna turned around and quickly apologized but surprisingly the old couple waved it away saying it wasn’t that big of a deal.

Even though people were looking at her, for some reason she didn’t really feel embarrassed about this, or rather, she felt a weird kind of proud of what she had done.

“Damn Luna, that must’ve felt great!” Chloe blurted out,

Luna sheepishly nodded while blushing.

“And i thought i was being bold!” Vicky said,

Vicky turned around and showed off her own wet spot on her crotch about the size of a baseball, which now looked silly compared to the soaked jeans of Luna.

Now the employee behind the counter chimed in, “Girl, you have some serious guts to wet yourself on purpose like that!”

Once again Luna apologized for what she had done.

“No no, it’s fine, you don’t need to apologize for it!” The man said, “Now what would you like to eat?”

Luna was savouring the moment, her wet panties were clinging to her skin while the cool touch of her wet jeans reminded her of how anyone could see that she had wet herself on purpose.

They all took their sweet time and continued through the buffet, picking out what ever they wanted. Surprisingly Luna felt comfortable in her wet jeans while she realised she wasn’t the only one.

She noticed Selena and Chloe were enjoying some spurts in their pants as well, by now they had a decent sized wet spot on their own pants, on top of that it was funny to see Chloe wearing her jeans and having a wet patch on them.

She could tell the others were also enjoying themselves and weren’t bothered with people seeing it.

Luna noticed how Vicky was squirm ish when standing next to her at the buffet, “Need to pee that bad?” Luna asked,

“Yea kinda,” Vicky answered, “actually.”

When suddenly Vicky briefly turned to Luna, spread her knees a little, and promptly pushed a long spurt into her pants. Luna could hear a brief hissing sound with drops of pee falling straight to the ground.

The wet patch of Vicky glistened and got much bigger, it was already spreading all over her crotch by now.

The look on Vicky’s face showed how much she was enjoying this, Luna could see she was really aroused by now so she decided to poke a little.

“Trust me, It feels even better if you let it all out.” Luna said

“Ah screw it, I know you’re right!” Vicky suddenly blurted out,

Vicky moved on to the next section of the buffet, making it that she was standing with her back to Luna.

A few seconds later Luna could hear the hissing start, the small wet spot on Vicky’s butt started to grow while pee started cascading down her jeans, making it shiny from wetness. It was clear she just felt like relieving her full bladder and didn’t seem to care any more if people were looking. While Vicky was midstream Selena popped up next to them.

“Omg you guys seriously can’t even wait until we get to our table?” Selena laughed,

Vicky finished in her pants and let out a “aaaaah”, without any shame. When they all had the food they wanted they went on and found themselves a free table.

The moment they were all seated Chloe suddenly blurted out,

“Oh god I need to pee so bad!” without hesitating she let out a long sigh, “aaaaah yes.”

Chloe sat reclined on her chair, legs spread and was relieving herself in her pants, pee was pouring from her chair and making a puddle on the ground while her pants were getting more and more soaked with each second. She wasn’t even fully done yet or Selena had started to relieve herself as well where she was sitting.

Luna could see how her girlfriend was completely soaking her loaned jeans and couldn’t stop smiling, they were having a great time right now and were completely ignoring the people who were staring at them.

Some people were chuckling, some were debating about it being between crazy and normal on this cruise, others were discussing how that might actually be a better idea than standing in that long ass line. But in the end, some people seemed to agree with what they had just done and they didn’t get in trouble with it at all.

When Selena and Chloe were done peeing they all started eating their lunch when suddenly,

“Hey where did you get that? I didn’t see that lying around.” Selena pointed at a waffle that was laying on Luna’s plate,

Luna pointed to where she found it and Selena cursed.

“Shit, i want one too but I literally just pissed myself.”

They figured Selena was just a tad too shy to walk through the restaurant back to the buffet in soaked pants, which was understandable.

Vicky comforted, “Don’t worry about people seeing your wet pants, it really doesn’t matter.”

“Just go and get the waffle.” Chloe said, “I’ve had one yesterday, they’re really good.”

After a few seconds of weighing her options Selena suddenly stood up,

“Screw it, it doesn’t matter, i want one of those waffles!”

They kept eating their food while they watched Selena walk back to the buffet, the entire back of her jeans was completely soaked. Her butt wiggled a little bit while walking and Luna and Chloe had noticed how Vicky’s eyes followed Selena.

While Chloe still had food in her mouth, “So tell us Vicky, how was she in bed?”

Vicky almost choked on her food while Luna was laughing hard, once she recovered she reluctantly explained.

“We we’re drunk as hell and neither of us can really remember.” Vicky explained shyly, “It was a one time thing, whatever that may have been.”

“Alright then, keep your secrets.” Luna joked,

She had a pretty good idea that they did remember at least enough to know what happened but were using it as an excuse. But oh well, it’s understandable if they want to keep it to themselves.

Selena came back with her waffles and while eating they talked about everything that had happened yesterday night while also thinking of plans on what to do today.

“I can’t believe what you two did in the hot tub last night!” Vicky said with raised voice,

“Hehe, yea that happened.” Luna chuckled while blushing, “So that you still remember?”

“I remember everything until the moment I entered our room.” Vicky explained,

How convenient.

“But you two were already having fun in the hot tub as well,” Chloe now pointed out, “I mean it when i say this, you don’t need to be embarrassed about it!”

Selena and Vicky were definitely embarrassed about it, Luna and Chloe both also promised they won’t tell any one at their school what had happened, (although they can’t promise that for Peyton and Liv of course.) Which Selena and Vicky thanked them for.

Now that they had started talking Luna and Chloe kept cautiously asking about last night, Vicky claimed it was a one time thing that’ll never happen again and concluded with saying she was straight.

Selena didn’t answer immediately, and after assuring her once more they’ll keep all of it a secret Selena admitted.

“After last night I’m pretty sure I’m bi... I hope that’s ok.” Selena admitted shyly,

Luna got surprised while Chloe said she had heard her say it last night in the hot tub. They both reassured her it was all fine.

Selena now directed herself to Vicky, “I still see you as my best friend so please don’t get any weird ideas! Although I can’t deny i really enjoyed last night, so I’m a bit confused about everything right now.”

“Wait so you do remember last night?” Chloe asked surprised,

Selena said while starting to blush heavily, “Yea some of it, but not gonna say anything.”

They continued to try getting more out of her but she wouldn’t budge, so the conversation carried over towards what they were gonna do after this.

“So what do you guys want to do after this?”

___

All four of them were hanging out in the swimming pools, enjoying the slides and various other activities.

Occasionally going to the bar for drinks or ice cream. They had all agreed on the swimming pool, as they hadn’t nearly spend enough time there yet. They had all walked to their room in pissed pants to get changed into their bikini’s and fresh clothes.

Funnily enough, after a while of swimming they ended up in exactly the same hot tub as yesterday.

“Don’t be embarrassed if you two want to make out!” Chloe shouted loud enough so surrounding people probably heard it.

“Shut up!” Selena and Vicky said simultaneously, followed up by Vicky saying. “Hey you two, try not to have sex in public this time!”

They kept making fun of each other for a while for what had happened last night, when suddenly Chloe spoke up.

“I love how you just pissed yourself earlier like it wasn’t a big deal.”

Vicky chimed in, “And you were clearly enjoying it!”

Luna started to blush a little before answering, “I did, and I have no regrets!”

The others all agreed with having no regrets,

“It’s so much nicer not having to worry about toilets with this drug, and I’ll admit, it feels really nice to just let go in my pants.” Selena admitted nonchalantly.

The others all agreed again, not ashamed of admitting they liked it.

Luna added, “I’m already looking forward to doing it again when we get out of the pool.”

The others eagerly agreed.

“Proposition,” Chloe started, “We empty our bladders right now here in the hot tub, order fresh drinks and not pee any more until we leave and go changed.”

“So get changed in our clothes with a full bladder and just piss ourselves straight away?” Luna questioned.

“Exactly!”

Luna could already feel the excitement building... It wasn’t even about the convenience any more, they just simply enjoyed wetting their pants!

The four girls emptied whatever was in their bladders in the hot tub and ordered fresh drinks from one of the employees walking around.

They were already looking forward to the next time they would have to pee, knowing it was gonna be in their fresh clothes.

___

*144*2023-08-25 17:15

Sorry for the wait, Baldurs Gate 3 happened 😄

I already worked some on the next chapter so it shouldn't be too long anymore until I release it here 😇

*145*2023-08-25 17:54

{{2 hours ago, Keita123 said:

Yeah, I kinda want to write some omo in a setting like this. 😁 Definitely want more.

}}

Looking forward to it 😮

