The Sphere - Page 6

Author: SashaButters

*127*2016-01-02 04:06

My Temp job is over! I have free time which means more writing! Woo! A new Chapter to start the new year!

The Sphere ch 20

Sasha craned her neck this way and that as the woman, who introduced herself as Valerie, took her on a tour. It was a little difficult at first with the lag and the fact that the woman sounded bored, but the two made it work. There were dorm rooms, a mess hall, sickbay, training rooms, classrooms, and a few computers you could use to contact the outside world. “Don’t expect a quick response,” Valerie told her.

“What’s in there?” Sasha asked motioning towards two large double doors at the end of the mess hall. With the wave of her hand, Valerie motioned for her to follow as the two ventured into what Sasha assumed to be the kitchen. It wasn’t like any kitchen Sasha had ever seen before. Normally kitchens stocked silverware, a few pots, and capsules. She had never seen so many different things before. There were boxes and bags filled with strange powders, metal cans stacked on top of each other filled shelves, and the eating utensils were made for giants. “What kind of spoon is this?” she asked. It was huge! How was she supposed to fit that in her mouth?

“It’s a ladle.” Valerie explained as Sasha opened drawer after drawer examining the strange contents. There were some kind of flat squares with handles, knives the length of her arm, and other assortment of items just as strange as the next. Valerie seemed rather amused at Sasha’s curiosity, so instead of pulling her along, she stood back and observed the girl rampaging through the kitchen like the child she looked like.

“Ever seen one of these?” Valerie asked pointing to a closed door. Sasha pulled the metal handle open and walked into what she thought was a storage room. It was certainly like no storage room she had ever been in. She shivered when an icy cold blast took her by surprise and it reminded her of being nearly frozen to death in the pod. Sasha quickly decided this was her least favorite room, but her cat like curiosity propelled her forward anyway.

Plastic bags and plastic containers lined the shelving inside. Using her palm to brush away the thin coating of ice, she cleared the words on the bag in order to see its contents. Peas? And the bag next to it contained corn. Why was there food sitting in such a cold room? She found it odd that she had yet to see any capsules of any kind.

The strangest thing of all had to be the large pink object in the back hanging from the ceiling by a giant metal hook. Sasha slowly approached before sticking out her arm and lightly touching the hard frozen item. What was it? It was so big. She walked around to the other side and jumped back in surprise when she saw the mystery item had a face. A snout to be more precise. There was an entire dead pig hanging from the ceiling and she had just touched it with her bare hands.

When she turned to leave she noticed the closed steel door blocking her exit. For a split second, Sasha feared she had been locked in, left to freeze to death alone. Would they hang her dead body by a hook in this strange room as well? When she pushed it, she was relieved to find it opened as Sasha quickly and gladly exited.

“Why are there dead animals in there?” Sasha asked.

“To eat of course.” Valerie said taking in Sasha’s confused expression with amusement. The new recruits were always so clueless.

“I don’t get it. Where’s all the capsules?”

“No capsules here. We, or you guys, will cook everything.” Valerie explained. “Trust me, it tastes better anyway.”

“Cook?” What was going on? First the manual exam and now this? This wasn’t high tech! This was primitive!

“They’ll explain everything in the orientation.”

While Valerie walked her through the vast campus to the auditorium, Sasha’s head spun. Her? Cook? She could barely boil capsules without setting the house a blaze! Something else was nagging at her though so she decided to speak up.

“I thought this was virtual reality. Why would we cook if we don’t need to eat?” she asked almost jogging in order to keep stride.

“It’s a little different here. This isn’t your typical virtual reality dive. Instead of your consciousness projecting into your avatar, your body is now completely synced. Whatever your body would need to survive, so will your avatar.” Valerie explained.

“But I thought they were putting nutrients in the water and stuff.”

“They are, but because this is so immersive, your mind believes this is your physical body. Everything you do as a person, you’ll do as an avatar here: eat, sleep, etc. And, well, we may have digitally tweaked a few things here and there to make it more real.” Valerie added at the end dismissively.

“What? What did you change!?” Sasha asked. She didn’t really like the sound of being digitally altered.

“Like you already noticed, your inventory is missing. You can no longer equip and un-equip items. Your messenger has been disabled, except in the event a high-ranking official wishes to reach you. Basically, you can receive, but not send. You also need to stay in designated zones at all times. Sundays are free days and you may leave campus, but you need to stay within the city limits. Everyone in this city is under the drugs influence. It would obviously cause a commotion if you were to mix with the general public.”

“Why? What would happen?” Sasha asked. Would people try to rob her or something? Hold her at gunpoint to try and get some?

“It’s more for their safety than yours. We didn’t use to have this rule, but a few cadets thought it would be funny to play a few pranks, and, well, some people didn’t take too kindly to it.” Valerie explained. Sasha had no idea what she was talking about. What kind of pranks?

“Did the lag freak people out or something?”

“Lag? There’s no lag, here I’ll show you what I mean.” Valerie said.

Sasha followed along in silence, as she was lead around a few corridors and out a side glass door. They stepped out into a large patio area with metal picnic benches surrounded by flowers and plants of all kinds. It was certainly relaxing and very pretty. Sasha could even smell them from where she stood as she breathed deeply from her nose. Still, she wasn’t quite certain why Valerie had taken her here.

“It’s nice.” Sasha said after glancing around. What exactly was she supposed to have understood by coming here? She stood awkwardly in place waiting for something to be revealed to her.

“Look to your right.” Valerie said pointing towards a palm tree. Sasha looked around in the general area still not understanding until she walked closer and noticed a hummingbird. It seemed to be floating mid-air, unmoving until 20 seconds later, it very slowly batted its wings. Sasha stared at it in stunned silence. “A hummingbird flaps its wings 50 times per second. This is the best representation of how fast you’re moving right now. In the time it takes to blink, a room could be turned upside down. Items stolen right from under peoples noses, you get the idea.”

“The lag was starting to take effect before I was sent here. The drug affects your real body, so can you move this fast in reality?” Sasha couldn’t help but ask.

“No, it only speeds up your mind. You would go crazy if you tried to move in the real world. Imagine only being able to take a single step per hour. The production of this drug is banned not because of money or monopolization, but because of the risks. There’s a pretty dark backstory from its trial stages.” Valerie said.

Sasha wanted to ask what it was, but she was distracted when her attention was shifted to the pond in the center of the courtroom. “Grab a hand full of water and throw it in the air.” Valerie instructed. Sasha was immediately in awe. Hundreds of droplets of water hung suspended in the air. She guided them along with her fingers and palm as it very slowly drifted back down into the pond. She did it again and again until Valerie had to drag her back inside, but not before being instructed to bring in a handful of water with her. When Sasha threw it in the air this time, it immediately fell to the ground with a splat.

“The campus and town is programmed to keep up with us. We call that area the Slow Room. We use it to show how time is altered here compared in the rest of the Sphere.” Valerie explained as they walked by and continued the tour.

There was a sensation Sasha hadn’t expected to feel in virtual reality that suddenly snuck up on her mid-tour. I have to do that here too? Sasha thought with an annoyed sigh. She’d have to ask Valerie to pause the tour for her if they came across a bathroom on the way. She had just gone before being sent in, but it was like she said, time worked differently here. She guessed this is what she gets for playing in the water. This was an entirely new situation to her. She’d never had to pee in virtual reality before, although this was also her first full dive. Was this normal for full dives or was this something they had tweaked to make it more realistic? She was fine for now though, just a sudden realization.

As the tour went on though, Sasha couldn’t help but notice not once did they ever pass by a bathroom. She found it a little odd, but thought nothing of it until the sudden realization turned into a nagging problem. She fidgeted and squirmed through half the tour. Right when she was about to bring it up, Valerie opened and a door and announced that they’d made it to the main auditorium where she should wait until further instruction.

Sasha looked around the room a bit surprised. The room held scattered incoming cadets, but the strange part was they all seemed to be moving at different speeds. Some people were already in perfect synchronization, while others were so much slower, Sasha could probably head back to the kitchen, make herself a sandwich and return by the time they could complete a single sentence.

“Sending people here isn’t an exact science yet.” Valerie said as Sasha nodded her head in understanding. Communicating was going to be difficult until everyone was on the same wave length. While there was still a slight lag between herself and her tour guide, it had greatly improved over the two hour hike across the grounds.

“Hey, where’s the ba-“ Sasha started to ask, but stopped mid sentence when she realized Valerie had already left and closed the door behind her. Great. She’d just have to hold it until someone could tell her.

“Hey, you made it.” Sasha heard from behind her. She smiled widely at the familiar sight of green hair. At least now she didn’t have to stand awkwardly by herself. She could stand awkwardly next to someone else.

“How’d getting sent here go?” Sasha asked with a grin.

“Fine?” Crystal said confusion written across her face. Sasha’s smile fell. How’d she always end up with the short end of the stick in these kinds of situations? “Did something happen?”

“You mean you didn’t almost freeze to death and then spontaneously combust?” Sasha asked. Why would they do that to her and not Crystal as well? Didn’t they have to lower her body temperature too?

“That was terrible.” A new voice said joining them. Arnold-Anthony approached flicking his blonde hair out of his eyes with a twist of his head. “I thought my balls were going to recede back inside of me.” He said with a shudder.

“There’s a mental picture I needed.” Crystal said sarcastically.

“Pretty sure I’m sterile now.” Another guy said joining their circle. “Poor little guys.” He said giving his front a pat.

“If that wasn’t bad enough, nothing says welcome like a finger up the ass.” Sasha said joining in.

“Umm…” All three said giving her strange looks.

“You mean you guys didn’t get probed?” She asked as they all grimaced and shook their heads. “Son of a bitch.”

“You shouldn’t have hid so many weapons during the testing phase.” Crystal said with a sympathetic grimace. “I got the contraband talk, but I didn’t get the finger wave.” Sasha let out a string of profanities.

The group talked for a bit comparing experiences of being sent here, while Crystal had suddenly gone oddly quiet seemingly lost in thought. Sasha tried to ask what was wrong, but Crystal merely waved it off and replied that it was nothing. She seemed to mostly keep to herself while they discussed what their real life was like until Sasha recounted her experience with the laser raptors with penis vision. While Arnold-Anthony and the guy, who had introduced himself as David, laughed Crystal finally spoke up.

“That was really dumb of you, you know?” She said startling the group.

“I-I guess.” Sasha said a bit taken a back by her friends’ sudden outburst.

“You can’t just trust someone you’ve never met to put you into a un-approved and un-tested mod. What if he sent you into some kind of black market game?”

“Or worse, one with ponies.” David said as Arnold-Anthony snorted in laughter.

“He wouldn’t have done that.” Sasha mumbled ignoring David’s comment.

“What makes you so sure? You had just met him! You’re too trusting.” Crystal said.

“You sound just like my brother.” Sasha grumbled.

“So, wait, other than when they implanted you, this is your first full dive?” David asked. Sasha nodded her head. “Wow, so how are you liking it?”

“Other than the physical exam…” Sasha grumbled, “It’s cool. I have to check if I’m me, or my avatar just to make sure. It feels so real!” She exclaimed dancing in place.

“You okay?” Crystal asked. “You look like a little kid that has to- oh.”

“No one said anything about having to pee in virtual reality.” Sasha whispered with a grimace. “Anyone know where the bathrooms are around here?”

“There aren’t any.” David said with a smirk elbowing Arnold-Anthony lightly in the ribs.

“What do you mean there aren’t any?” Sasha asked worried. Did they lock all the cadets in here? She couldn’t hold it forever…

“It’s virtual reality, there’s no bodily fluid in virtual reality.” David continued.

“But I kinda have too…” She said trailing off.

“I guess you wouldn’t know since this is your first full dive after all” Arnold-Anthony said joining in.

“Know what?” Sasha asked. What was she supposed to do if there were no bathrooms? Did something go wrong in the process getting here? Was she not supposed to have to pee? What if she was the only one who had bodily functions here?

“Your avatar’s linked. It’s your real body that has to go, not your avatar.” David said watching with amusement as Sasha tried to process it. “You just go. Nothing’s going to come out. Like I said, there’s no bodily fluid in virtual reality. Obviously you wouldn’t in a regular full dive, but our bodies are in tanks of water for a reason.”

Sasha thought about it feeling a bit puzzled. It made sense in a way if her body and avatar were now connected.

“See, watch I’ll go first.” Arnold- Anthony said closing his eyes as his face relaxed for a few seconds as he let out a small breath of air. “See? Nothing came out.”

“Oh ok.” She said now more convinced and as she closed her eyes and relaxed.

“No, Sasha, don’t!” Crystal yelled, but it was already too late. Sasha’s eyes sprung open in a panic as she felt moisture spreading down her pant leg.

“You’re right, she is too trusting. Bathrooms down the hall to your right.” David said with a smirk patting a stunned Sasha on the shoulder before the two men took off snickering. “I can’t believe she fell for that.” Was heard as he turned down the hall and left.

“Wha?” Sasha mumbled too stunned to stop the flow as it continued down her legs and into her socks before finally stopping.

###

“What did I just get done telling you?” Crystal said sighing as she leaned against the closed bathroom stall.

“W-why..didn’t…you say any-anything?” Sasha managed to choke out. She sat on the closed toilet seat lid trying to come to terms with what had just happened. How could she have made such an idiot of herself on her very first day?

“I didn’t think you would actually fall for it.” Crystal admitted cringing at the choking sounds coming from the closed door behind her. “Look, I’m sorry, don’t cry.”

“I’m not!” Sasha lied, her voice catching in a high-pitched squeal at the end. How could she let this happen? How could she sit here and cry like a weakling? She wasn’t Becca now; she was Sasha! Sasha was supposed to be tough, strong, and didn’t take crap from anyone! Sasha wasn’t supposed to cry in locked bathroom stalls with wet pants. Except here she was sobbing uncontrollably like the little girl she looked like. She was being so very…Becca right now.

She heard Crystal sigh and the sound of leaving footsteps echoed as she exited the bathroom. Great, now her only friend had left her. What was she supposed to do? This jumpsuit was the only thing she had to wear now that her inventory was empty. She supposed she could just hide in here until it dried, but she cringed at the thought of wearing it that long. And what about the smell? Would digital pee smell? She bent over and sniffed. Yes, digital pee still definitely smelled like pee. She held her breath as she heard someone enter the bathroom.

“C’mon, Sasha, let’s go.” Crystal’s voice said.

“Go where?”

“I talked to the lady from earlier, she said there’s some showers and a washing machine in the dorm building. She gave me the key to your room to give to you. She also said since there’s a guy that’s still an hour a way from syncing that you have enough time to get cleaned up before orientation starts.”

“What’s a washing machine?” Sasha asked unlocking the door and stepping out of the stall while wiping her nose on the sleeve of her jumper.

“Beats me.” Crystal said with a shrug. “Shall we go find out?”

*129*2016-01-02 18:22

You'll just have to wait and see :)

Heh thanks for putting up with my strange sense of humor

*132*2016-01-07 19:50

{{:

I read the first chapter back when you first released it, wasn't 100% sure whether or not I liked it (I suppose partly because ponies, partly because of the age of the main character back in the first chapter...), and then kind of forgot about it. Found it again today and reread the first chapter, then immediately everything that came after. I am now 100% sure: I love it. Amazing story, love it for both the (scarce but great) omo parts and the 'regular' parts. Thanks for reminding me why you're my favorite omo.org author!

}}

Wow, thank you so much! :D That's quite the compliment! I know it doesn't have very much omo in it for a couple reasons. 1. My family is reading it on a different website and it's really a pain to write two versions. 2. This site lacks stories with an actual plot. I get that it's a fetish site and that's what people come to see, but i'd love to see regular stories that just happen to have omo scenes instead of being omo centric. "One handed stories" tend to kinda suck.

I once read in order to write in this genre well, a story has to be able to stand alone if you take out the omo or diapers.

*133*2016-01-07 23:48

The Sphere chapter 21

“Nope. Not going to happen.” Sasha said flatly while swiping her arms out in front of her for emphases like an umpire shouting “safe!” It had taken all of five seconds for her mind to go from this is so gross to I can live with this.

“I don’t get it.” Crystal said looking from the small girl in front of her to the shower room.

“There’s no stalls!” Sasha said pointing franticly inside the tiled room. Shower heads hung from various parts of the walls in the open space just a few feet past the locker room where the two girls stood.

“Is that not normal?” Crystal asked.

“Of course that’s not normal! I don’t know where you live, but where I’m from, there’s this thing called privacy.” Sasha said with a scowl.

“Then take one now before anyone else comes.”

“But, but there’s no-“ Sasha mumbled unable to win against that logic.

“Besides, what are you, like, nine or ten? You picked an avatar that hasn’t even gone through puberty.”

“I’m eighteen!”

“You don’t look eighteen.”

“I like to keep my avatar young because people will never take me seriously.” Sasha explained as she set the clean clothes down on the wooden bench along with the bag of toiletries that they had found waiting for her inside her room.

“And people are going to take you seriously as a little kid how?” Crystal asked.

“They’re not, that’s the point. In the back of peoples minds, whether they realize it or not, there’s always a part of them that says, ‘Oh look, a little girl. I should go easy on her.’ “

“Sneaky.”

“Exactly.” Sasha said as she sat on the bench and began unlacing her boots. “Ugh, gross.” She said tipping one of them over as a few drops of pee trickled out. “Turn around.” She said before stripping out of her wet clothes. “What do I do with these?” She asked after covering herself with a white towel she found in one of the lockers.

“The lady said to wash them.” Crystal said when she turned to find Sasha lightly toeing a pile of soiled clothing on the floor. “I’m not touching them.”

###

“I don’t get it.” Sasha said as the two girls stared at the row of white metallic boxes in the place called the laundry room. Crystal shrugged after looking all over the foreign contraption with the strange knobs. “I wish I had my cell phone so I could do this like any sane person!”

“What do you do where you’re from?”

“Huh? What do you mean?” Sasha asked perplexed by her friends’ question. “Like how I clean my clothes in real life?”

“Yeah.”

“I just take a picture of it and store it in my computer before hitting renew.” Sasha said slowly raising her eyebrows at her. Crystal motioned for her to keep going seemingly captivated. “And then I just drag it out of my computer and back into my room. Where in the world are you from? Everyone knows that!” Crystal merely waved the question off as she continued to exam the strange contraption. Sasha just shook her head in wonder. And here she thought she lived in the middle of no-where.

“Aha!” Crystal shouted opening the lid. “A secret compartment!”

“So I just put my clothes in there?”

“I guess.” Crystal said peeking her head inside the metal drum. “I wonder what that weird thing with flaps inside is.”

“Hey, look what I found!” Sasha shouted pointing to a sign taped up on the wall. “A walkthrough! Let’s see… Adjust knob to size of load… separate like color…add soap… press start.” Sasha mumbled reading it off. “Sounds complicated.” Crystal leaned in closer as she examined the various knobs ranging from light, medium and full before turning it to light load.

“Alright, so throw them in and let’s go!” Crystal said.

“What about soap?” Sasha asked. “Will this work?” She held up a mini packaged bar of soap from her shower bag.

“I guess, it didn’t say. Just throw it in or we’re going to be late. For someone who didn’t want to shower there in the first place you sure took your sweet time.” Crystal said.

Sasha merely shrugged. “The water felt good, besides they only have towels here instead of body dryers. Just prolonging the inevitable.” She said dropping her clothes and bar of soap in before pressing start.” They both quietly stared in awe as the tub slowly began filling with water and the cylinder inside began twisting back and forth.

“Huh, so that’s how that works. Anyway let’s get going…Sasha….Sasha!” Crystal said as the younger girl stood completely transfixed. “You are way too easily amused.” She said pulling her away by the arm. “Are you sure you’re eighteen?”

###

What greeted Sasha in the auditorium made the Fear Simulator look like nothing more than a walk in the park. Mr. Clean stood in his black Newspaper Boy hat glaring daggers down at her when she first made eye contact with him. Clearly her little girl façade had no impact on him whatsoever. Sasha swallowed nervously and slowly backed away, but the large muscular man came barreling towards her before thrusting a wooden pole into her chest.

“Your first assignment: How to mop. Clean this mess up!” He barked at her before jabbing his beefy fingers towards a small puddle of liquid on the floor. “What are you, stupid?” Sasha stood in place mouth agape as he continued his rampage from everything ranging from how she looked to what she had been afraid of during trials. Had he been this much of an ass during the Fear Simulator? Is this what she had to look forward to for the next three years? When he said the words, “Maybe we made a mistake with you,” she almost nearly lost it. Instead she focused her attention on the funny looking stick he had given her. “What kind of person is dumb enough to even fall for something like that?” It really was a strange looking thing. “Am I going to have to babysit you the entire time?” With it’s dirty looking head of hair. “Are you even listening?”

“That’s enough.” A female voice said. Mr. Clean immediately shut up and stood up straighter. Sasha turned her head to face whoever it was that had come to her rescue. She couldn’t believe it. If her mouth wasn’t open before it was now.

“Hello, Sasha. I believe we’ve met before.” The woman said extending her hand.

“S-susan!” Sasha said stunned. What was she doing here? Didn’t she work in the hospital’s virtual reality system?

“It’s Director Aspen here.” She said. “Glad to see you made it.” She nodded towards her.

“T-thanks.”

“Is there a problem here?” She asked surveying the room.

“No, ma’m! I was just disciplining one of the new recruits! She-“ Mr. Clean said quickly stumbling over his words. Sasha couldn’t help but wonder what kind of person Director Aspen was if her presence made someone like him nervous. She didn’t understand. She had seemed so nice and caring when she had met her in the hospital. Wait, why exactly did she meet her in the hospital?

“What happened here?” The Director asked turning her attention now to Crystal.

“Sasha was targeted for a practical joke earlier based on her newness to full dives. I escorted her out to get cleaned up and we had just returned.” Crystal answered standing tall with hands to her sides.

“I-I was just about to clean it up.” Sasha added gripping the mop tightly.

“As you were then.” The director said. “When you are finished I will begin orientation.” And with that the director left as everyone let out a breath of air. Sasha was too stunned to speak after that. That lady was nothing like the person she had met before. Her mere presence caused everyone to collectively hold their breath. She hadn’t realized how tightly she had been clutching the mop until she let go and a sharp stinging caused her to look down at her bright red palms.

###

Orientation covered a lot of the same things the tour had. No one was to leave the city limits. Everyone worked rotating shifts between cleaning and cooking when they weren’t in classes or field training. The nice part was at least everyone got their own room. The way things had been going today Sasha half expected to have to share a small space with six other people. Sure the room was small with only a dresser and single twin sized bed, but having that small space to call her own would make all the difference. That was until after orientation…

“We seem to have made a mistake.” The lady handing out room assignments told her with a grimace after having gone back and forth between the list and checking with the higher ups.

“What do you mean?” Crystal asked suspiciously as Sasha stood off to the side listening.

“We’ve…miscounted. There seems to have been a clerical error made and we…well…don’t have a room for you.” The lady admitted. “It appears there was a miscount of the incoming cadets.”

“What do you mean you don’t have a room for me?” Crystal asked dumbfounded.

“I’ve been told by the director to put you in Sasha’s room for the meantime.” Sasha’s head spun at the mention of her name. “We’ll get you an extra pillow and blanket for you.”

“Sharing a room? Have you seen how tiny those rooms are? Where am I supposed to sleep? There’s only one bed!”

“I’m sorry,” She responded with an un-caring shrug. “You two will have to figure out sleeping arrangements in the meantime.” So much for getting her own room. A sudden commotion snapped Sasha from her thoughts.

“Umm…whoever was using the laundry room… you might want to come look at this.” A cadet wearing a green uniform said after running into the room. Sasha and Crystal exchanged worried looks before following them into the laundry room.

###

The room was completely covered in suds, so much so that you couldn’t even see the floor. The washing machine they had been using was bouncing up and down spitting out foam from its open lid. The girls silently looked upon the mess with sinking feeling in the pits of their stomachs only to be worsened by the sounds of the heavy foot falls of Mr. Clean himself.

“WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED IN HERE?” He yelled.

“My fault.” Sasha squeaked out of her now completely dry mouth.

“Of course it was.” He said with a sigh. “I believe you already know how to use this.” He said once again thrusting the mop in front of her face.

###

“We…made…it.” Sasha panted out as they reached the door of their now shared room. “I just want to go to sleep and put this horrible day behind me!”

“Who would have thought washing machines had its own separate kind of soap.” Crystal said plopping down on the bed. “They probably should have specified that in the directions.”

“How was I the only one who got stuck with remedial lessons? No fair.” Sasha pouted eyeing the occupied bed before sighing. “You helped me today. I guess you could take the bed for the first night.”

###

“Hey, Crystal, you still awake?” Sasha asked from her spot on the floor.

“Hmm?’ Came the half dead response.

“What’s your name?”

“…Crystal…?”

“No, I mean your real name. My name’s Becca Strokes.”

“You know it’s anonymous for a reason, right?”

“Well, I just thought since we’re going to be spending a lot of time together…”

“My name’s Crystal. That’s all you need to know.” Came the curt response. What was with her? She was just trying to be friendly. Why was she so secretive?

“Fine, Crystal, where are you from?” Sasha asked rolling over to face the bed.

“Go to sleep, Becca.”

“I can’t. The grounds too hard.” Sasha complained. “I can’t get comfortable. It’s too cold and-“

“Okay, fine!” Crystal groaned, holding up an end of her blanket and scooting over to the very edge of the bed. “Don’t you dare touch me though. If I wake up and you’re not on your side I’m pushing you over the edge.”

“Thanks.” Sasha said climbing into the tiny offered space on the bed. “So much better.” She said getting comfortable. “So what’s your name?”

“Go to sleep!”

*134*2016-01-08 00:23

{{:

Sadly, this is probably the only story on this site I wouldn't feel awkward recommending to a friend(and Dream Shooter comes closest to being the second).

}}

Well, this story is certainly not explicit in any means, but thank you :D (Minus the adult humor) I've been writing on here for about a year and hadn't produced a thing I could let my parents read XD Speaking of Dream Shooter, someone sent it in and turned it into a hardcover book and gave it to me for Christmas. It was no where near ready for it, but it looks so cool to have my name on a book, even if it doesn't really count cause it was self published.

*137*2016-01-08 03:19

{{:

I agree completely with everything you just said! I think this is simply a really good story, and while there is definitely omo in it, which I suppose is fairly obvious to those who are into it, it could very well be given to someone "uninitiated" exactly the way that it's written here on the site, and I'm willing to bet they'd absolutely love it, too. There's already loads of stuff here that's filled to the brim with omo, it's nice to have something story centered, that just happens to have some omo here and there, for once! Also, it's completely understandable that you want to not include too much omo in something your family is going to write. I'm actually glad you're not writing loads of omo specific chapters just for the sake of having them, but rather putting in these awesome little episodes when they feel natural!

Finally: Logged back on after going out for a while to find a new chapter had been released! What a nice surprise :)

}}

It's like a nod to fellow omoists. While everyone else may be unaware you guys could be like…heh…I see what you did there… I think it's more embarrassing BECAUSE my parents know I write in this genre and THEY are the one's like….I see what you did there….we are judging you so hard right now lol

What can I say, you motivated me to get off my butt and finish the chapter with your kind words ^^

{{:

I completely agree. It reminds me of Alexxx's pokemon fic (i forget the exact name, but the censored one was 'through changing eyes'). It takes real skill to be able to do that.

}}

Ohh oh! I think I know which one you're talking about! I had wanted to read it so bad, but I was working on my own pokemon story Just Let it Out/ Emily's Diary at the time and didn't want to be influenced by others ideas. Thanks for reminding me, I'm going to go read that now!

*140*2016-01-08 17:22

Heh, yeah, that's why I'm only writing one version. It would get way too complicated. I tried at first to write separate versions, but it was too much.

Heh, yeah. I maaayyyy have left out a few details about what exactly goes on here, but they get the gist that it's something to do with pee/

I was on a shared computer for a while, got a little lazy about deleting my search history lol

*141*2016-01-13 04:47

The Sphere Chapter 22

It wasn’t fair! How did she even end up here? Sasha stifled a yawn and rested her face against her open palm squishing her cheek up towards her eye. Remedial lessons at 5’ o clock in the morning every morning this week. She wouldn’t wish this on anybody. Well, maybe on a certain pair, but certainly not on the general public.

After the events of yesterday, she was exhausted. Her muscles hurt in places she didn’t know could hurt and she wanted nothing more than to get out of this little wooden desk and sprawl out on the floor. She had spent three hours mopping the floor yesterday after the laundry room incident. She hoped she never had to see a mop for as long as she lived. Her stomach growled loudly reminding her she had been forced to work through dinner, resulting in the two of them going to bed hungry.

Sasha had been asleep mere minutes after her head hit the pillow, only to be awoken hours later by her roommate forcefully shoving her out of bed and onto the floor. She had been in a foul mood ever since. So what if she had accidentally tried to cuddle with her in her sleep? She didn’t have to push her out of bed…

Her holographic video –recorded teacher droned on in a monotonous voice lulling her to sleep. This was clearly meant as a punishment and not as an educational lecture. Shouldn’t they have been teaching her things about using this pre-historic technology instead of telling her the dates the Sphere came to be? She already proved she knew all this stuff in the interview! This was all stuff she learned in elementary school! She let out an audible moan, but the pre-recording kept droning on. Sasha was almost completely asleep when the room finally fell silent, but her eyes immediately sprung to life when the last thing she ever wanted to hear was announced.

“Class, it’s time to break out your thinking caps because it’s test time.” Could this get any worse? “An 80% or better is required in order to pass or you’ll have to return tomorrow morning and repeat the lesson.” Yes, yes it could. If she failed this, then her remedial lessons would be extended by a day. She shuddered at the thought of having to sit through this same lecture again. It should be fine though she told herself. It was kids stuff the video had gone over. So what if she was asleep for half the lesson? She doubted she missed anything of importance.

Sasha was instructed to take the test out of her desk. She hadn’t even noticed it was that kind of desk, but sure enough the top opened when she lifted it to reveal a couple pieces of paper and some pens waiting for her. If she knew this was there the whole time she could have doodled or something to pass the time, she thought with a wave of disappointment. Not like she could draw anything better than anorexic people anyway. Sitting atop of the blank pieces of paper sat a key for her to fill in the corresponding bubbles with the correct answers. It was a bit strange having to do this manually and not on a tablet, but she quickly got the hang of it.

The first ¾’s of the test was simple just as she assumed it would be. She whipped through it like it was nothing. It surprised her when she got to the last page. She scratched her head in confusion. Brain disorders? Had the video gone over this?

“What is the term for the disorder where the consciousness detaches itself from its host when the user goes into virtual reality?” Sasha read aloud. Huh? She must have fallen asleep through this part. She glanced over the choices given. One of the answers seemed to jump out at her, so without anything else to go on but a gut feeling, she marked it down on the answer key. “Oblitussui it is.” She mumbled to herself.

Is there currently a cure for this? No.

What ability of the brain does this effect? Memory.

“Wow, I totally BS’d my way through that.” Sasha said once she finished the last of the out of place questions. Now what was she supposed to do?

“Once you are finished with your test, please put your answers in your desk and it will be graded.” The hologram announced. With a shrug of indifference, Sasha put the answer key back where she found it. As soon as she closed the lid of the desk a bright light shone through the cracks for a couple of seconds surprising her. “Congratulations! You have passed! Please make your way to the mess hall and join your fellow cadets.” She breathed a sigh of relief as she stood up and stretched. She figured she must have gotten enough of the questions right to make up for the ones she just guessed on, which was pretty much the entire back page.

Another audible rumble from her stomach drew her attention away from the odd questions and back on the realization she hadn’t eaten anything since she got here. It sure was strange to feel hungry as Sasha, or well, to feel anything as Sasha.

She made her way out the now empty classroom and towards the mess hall. When she stepped through the door she found a line of cadets towards the front being handed trays full of food. With her mouth watering at the sight, she eagerly jumped in line. She eyed the trays that passed her while resisting the urge to tackle their owners to the ground for it. Just a little longer, she reminded herself. With every step closer towards the kitchen she took, more and more wonderful smells filled her nostrils. Just when she thought she couldn’t take it anymore, she was handed a tray. Sasha was tempted to grab handfuls of food and shove it in her mouth right then and there, but common sense won out in the end. After grabbing a plastic cup of coffee from a dispenser off to the side, she took the closest empty seat she could find.

Sasha stared eagerly at her prize. Scrambled eggs, O’Brian’s, bacon and toast. She quickly scooped up a fork full of eggs into her mouth. Her eyes widened in amazement. The tough spongy texture she was accustomed to was nowhere to be found. Instead it was replaced by the soft and chewy balls of yellow and white. And the taste! What was this flavor? Did eggs usually taste this good? She quickly shoveled another forkful in and then another.

“Geez slow down. It’s not going anywhere.” Crystal said setting her tray down across the table from Sasha.

“Bu’ if fo goo’!” Sasha replied with a mouthful of food sending bits of partially chewed egg flying out of her mouth in all directions.

“Didn’t anyone tell you not to talk with your mouth full? What are you, ten?” Crystal asked with a grimace flicking a bit of egg off her uniform.

“Sorry,” Sasha said after swallowing. “It’s so good though!”

“It tastes like eggs.”

“Maybe it doesn’t taste as good to you because you had to make it.” Sasha suggested.

“Hardly. They had me washing dishes the whole time and buttering toast.”

“Still beats remedial lessons.” Sasha grumbled. She’d much rather be washing dishes, whatever that meant, than sitting in that classroom.

After Sasha made quick work of her eggs, she started on the potatoes and then the toast. When she got to the bacon she let out a moan of pleasure. Never had she tasted anything quite like it. Was bacon always this crispy and delicious? She quickly shoved the entire thing in her mouth with a crunch. Whatever happened in the mornings didn’t matter as long as she had bacon to look forward to, she quickly decided. Crystal appeared to be lost in thought, spreading her food around on her tray instead of eating it, but Sasha was too lost in her meal to notice.

“How’s that going anyway?” Crystal asked. “Remedial lessons?”

“It’s very,” Sasha spoke before pausing for a moment to think about it, “remedial. It’s torture! My desk knew when I was falling asleep! My seat zapped me three times! Do you have any idea how unpleasant it is for 100 volts of electricity to shoot up your butt at six in the morning?”

“So does that mean you’d enjoy it at six in the evening?” Crystal asked with a sly grin. Sasha nearly choked on her coffee, but she had to admit she walked into that one. “Sounds like it tracks your heart rate and shocks you when it gets too low.” Crystal explained. Sasha audibly groaned. “Try and drink some caffeine or something before you go in.” Sasha nodded her head in agreement, but wasn’t about to correct her that the reason for her groan was because she finished all her food and was still hungry. She eyed Crystal’s nearly full tray greedily.

“Miss Brindey?” A voice asked. Sasha’s attention withdrew from Crystal’s food to the man pushing a cart of little white paper cups.

“Yes?” Sasha asked.

“Please allow me to scan you for medication verification.” He said as Sasha went ahead and stuck out her arm. Medication? In the Sphere? “You take Zelphitizine? 25 mg, is that correct?” He asked as Sasha nodded.

“Why do I have to take this here?” She asked looking at the little paper cup she was handed that contained the single white tablet.

“We have access to everyone’s health records and dispense their medication appropriately.”

“Is this another trick the brain kind of thing?” She asked. “If it’s not real, can’t I just not take it?” He shook his head and watched her in an intimidating way that said she wasn’t getting out of it. With a sigh she knocked the cup back and let the tablet fall into her mouth before swallowing.

“Thank you.” He said before moving on.

“Is he gone?” Sasha whispered as Crystal nodded her head when his back was turned towards her on the other side of the room. Sasha quickly spit out the pill into a napkin while making weird faces at the unpleasant taste before downing the rest of her coffee.

“You gonna explain that?” Crystal asked.

“My parents think I’m depressed or something since my brother di- moved. They made me go to a psychiatrist who gave me some anti-depressants. I don’t take them though. It’s not like I’m depressed or something.” She said with a shrug.

“Sasha,” Crystal said studying her face. “Zelphitizine isn’t an anti-depressant; it’s an anti-psychotic.”

*144*2016-01-13 19:03

{{:

Consciousness detaching itself from the body when doing a full dive? And it affects memory? (I'm going to assume she got those answers right).

Now that's fuel for fan theories. Here's one: this is going to happen to Sasha, so she won't be able to go back to reality. Here's another: this is what happened to Brian, which is why everyone insists that he's dead. Because he is, in reality. But in the Sphere, his consciousness lives on.

}}

Those are some pretty interesting theories :) I'd love to hear more if anyone's got them

*147*2016-01-14 04:31

Hmm interesting :) None are correct, but still interesting.

*149*2016-01-15 02:14

{{: 

So, what's the goal on the length of amount of chapters you plan on making this great novel last too?

}}

50 maybe? Hoping to get it about 90k-100k words and it's at 50k right now. The stories about to take a twist in the next couple chapters

$$

