Date Panic! - Page 9

Author: OmoCommando

*218*2014-03-02 04:43

"Y-You're not trying to ditch, are you?" You say in a joking, yet not-really-joking manner.

Nikki grins and raises an eyebrow. "Not at all! You've been really sweet and kind, and this is one of the best dates I've had in… what feels like a really long time! You've given me a nice dinner, and we've had… some fun so far. I wouldn't leave like that!" She starts to get up.

"I genuinely have to pee, so I'll be right back!"

Your date gets up and leaves for the bathroom. You've failed. You were hoping to get her desperate, maybe even to the point of wetting, but it seems you're out of tricks. The best you could hope for now is merely have fun the remainder of the night. Perhaps you could have another date and-

Nikki stops just before leaving the restaurant area, and looks back at you. She then quickly walks back over to you and pulls you to your feet.

"You know what? I actually don't have to go that bad. I'd like to have as much fun as I possibly can before tonight ends!" She smiles again, this time in a more joyful manner rather than that playful one she usually makes. "They have a live band here tonight. You want to there and dance for a bit? Or maybe we can do some more casino games!"

What should you do?

> Go see the band

> Play some more games

> Order dessert and more drinks

> Take her back to your place for "fun"

> Other

Current Trust Level: Warm and friendly

Current Desperation Level: No outwardly visible signs

New mechanic. Your character's observation of how badly Nikki has to pee (does not necessarily reflect her actual need to go)

