Draco's Mishaps

Author: Donar

*015*2014-11-19 18:58

I had a lot of things to do offline those past weeks. Sorry for the delay!

Still have a few Chapters ready, so back to more regular updates, hopefully.

This time it is more from Harry's perspective for a change.

Enjoy!

Monday, November 1st

Draco awoke because someone was shaking his shoulders. When he opened his eyes, he saw Theo's face smiling down at him.

“Good morning, sleepyhead!”, Theo beamed.

Draco's first thought was that he must have dozed off after all. His second was that he had peed himself. There was talking and laughing all around them. Even worse, he must have slept in, too, and everyone else was already up. Draco looked at his friend, mortified.

“You wet?”, Theo whispered.

Draco just nodded embarrassedly.

Theo held out Draco's wand for him and silently asked: “You can do it yourself or want me to?”

“Of cause I can!”, Draco told him in slight annoyance. He sat up. To his horror, his mattress felt wet everywhere, he had completely drenched it. Luckily it didn't show much with the dark color. Draco snatched his wand from Theo and took a quick look around. Most students already were up and about, but no one seemed to pay them any particular attention at the moment. Draco waved his wand over his blanket and muttered the incantation. The tickling, warm wave that ran down his body told him that the cleaning charm had done its work. He closed his eyes for a moment and took a deep breath. That had been a close call! How could he have allowed himself to doze off? But it had worked out, nobody had discovered his secret – except for Theo of cause, but he already knew.

Draco got up from his now dry bed and looked over to where all the laughing and screaming came from. “What's all that ruckus about?”, he asked. A big group of kids had assembled, though Draco couldn't see what they were shouting about. Theo looked over, too, his face darkened. Silently, he said: “Apparently, you're not alone. Potter wet his bed. Goyle noticed.”

The two got over and pushed through the crowd. Potter was sitting on the floor, crying. He wore light blue pants, the kind of fabric that turned really dark when it got wet. And Merlin, was there a lot of darkness! It covered the entire crotch and buttocks and it ran down the inside of both his legs. A blind man could have seen from a mile away that Potter had pissed himself. If that weren't enough already, Goyle was holding up Potter's wet bedding like a trophy for everyone to see while Crabbe jeered at Potter's distress.

The Weasel tried to snatch the bedsheets from Goyle, but Goyle was too tall for him. Meanwhile, Granger knelt helplessly besides her sobbing sweetheart. An evil smile sneaked on Draco's face as he took in the scene and he fell in with the laughter. He turned to Theo, expecting him to cheer on Goyle as well, but then he saw the appalled look on his friend's face and he swallowed his glee. “Crabbe, Goyle, let's go!”, he snapped at the two and turned around sharply.

* * *

Ron had finally managed to snatch the bedsheets from Goyle. “Leave Harry alone already!”, he screamed at the crowd, but it just made them laugh even harder. Ron was about to jump a Ravenclaw boy who was chanting “Potty Potter, the boy who weed!”, but Professor McGonagall grabbed him at his shoulder before he could. McGonagall didn't even have to raise her voice, her stare was enough to silence the crowd. “What is this commotion about?”, she asked. A look down at Harry's wet pants and the drenched bedsheets on the ground told her as much. She faced the crowd again.

“You all should be ashamed of yourselves! Mr. Corner, Mr. Zabini, Miss Parkinson, Mr. Macmillan, a word in my office, if you please!”, McGonagall picked out the loudest offenders. Somehow everyone suddenly seemed to remember they had urgent business to attend to elsewhere.

The Professor turned back to Harry, who was still crying hysterical. In a more gentle voice she said: “Miss Granger, Mr. Weasley would you take care of Potter?”

The two were already kneeling besides him and trying to calm him down. Hermione just quickly nodded at the Professor and then turned back to Harry.

“Stupid Malfoy got away just in time!”, Ron hissed angrily as McGonagall walked away.

Hermione's eyes darted up for a second to give him an irritated glance. Not now, they seemed to say.

“Now you won't be my friends anymore!”, Harry whined.

“It's OK, Harry!”, Hermione said, “such things just happen!”

“Yeah, it can happen to everyone once in a while!”, Ron agreed.

“But everyone laughs at me now!”, Harry sniffled.

“Those are just jerks!”, Ron said, “if anyone laughs at you again, I'll hex them!”

“It was just an accident! The Dementors, and now Sirius Black, it was too much for you! You were scared, it's a natural thing! Everybody would have been scared! It's nothing to be ashamed of!”, Hermione reasoned.

“I bet Malfoy put something in your drink that made you wet the bed!”, Ron said.

“Come on, let's get you to the bathroom!”, Hermione carefully tried to help Harry up. Ron supported him from the other side. Harry allowed them to raise him up and guide him out of the Great Hall. He knew they were wrong and it wasn't just a one-time thing. He also knew he would be the laughing-stock of the entire school for the rest of his years at Hogwarts. But he was just relieved at least his friends still liked him, he didn't want them to leave him, too. He knew they would if they learned he wet the bed every night.

On the hallway, they ran into Professor Snape. He looked exhausted and seemed to be in an especially foul mood this morning. His disdainful eyes wandered down from Harry's teary face to his wet pants, then back up to his face. “Mr. Potter”, he said, disgust clearly in his voice, “once you've cleaned up, come to my office.”

Harry remembered the last night and his heart dropped even more.

“Potter, did you understand what I just said?”, Snape asked, annoyed.

Harry nodded and muttered a sad “Yes, Sir.”

“What was that about?”, Hermione asked and Ron quickly filled her in that Harry had tried to go hunting for Black all by himself last night. Harry didn't have the energy to correct him.

“You did WHAT? Have you gone completely-”, Hermione started, but after a look at Harry's face, she stopped herself. Harry could see it burning inside her eyes and he knew he would have to brace himself for a stern lecture later when she thought he was better again.

Hermione and Ron led him over to the boy's room. Hermione waited in front of the door, while Ron carefully directed Harry inside. Thankfully, they were alone. Harry was still too distraught to be much use and Ron had to help him with everything. He gently pushed him over into one of the cubicles and unbuttoned his trousers for him. He pulled them down a bit and instructed Harry to sit down on the toilet. The pants were cold and clammy and they clung to Harry's skin. Ron had some trouble to pull them off, but he didn't complain about the stale piss he got all over his hands. Once he had finally managed and put the pants aside, Harry just sat there, staring at the ground emptily, waiting for Ron to tell him what to do next. Just seeing Harry in this state made Ron burn with anger and he silently swore to take revenge on Malfoy.

Ron helped Harry to stand up again, then he pulled down Harry's soaked briefs as well, revealing Harry's little boyhood. Ron looked away to not embarrass his friend even more. The briefs slumped to the ground wetly. “Step out of them!”, Ron silently instructed. Ron helped Harry with his shirts as well, then he led him over to the sinks. He turned on the water and made sure it wasn't too cold and put a washcloth in Harry's hand. “Clean yourself up, OK?”, he said gently. Thankfully, Harry was able to do this part on his own.

While he washed, Ron quickly gathered Harry's clothes and brought them over to Hermione, who still waited outside. He handed them to her and she quickly cast a cleaning charm on them. Ron took the clothes back and he almost looked a tiny bit impressed as he covertly examined the pants but failed to find any remaining wetness.

“I can't believe neither of you still knows a single cleaning spell!”, Hermione told him.

Ron muttered something that sounded a lot like “boys don't need cleaning spells”, though he had the good sense to retreat into the boy's room and close the door into Hermione's face before she could reply. He thought he heard a “boys are idiots!” as an answer anyways. He went over to Harry, who still stood in front of the sink, looking down at his boyhood.

“All cleaned up?”, Ron asked.

Harry nodded, then he said awkwardly: “I have nothing to wear.”

Ron smiled and held out Harry's dried clothes to him.

Harry looked at them, stupefied. “How...?”

“Cleaning charm”, Ron explained, business-like, “real easy. Better than new!”

Harry took his briefs and hesitantly slipped them on. He didn't like the feeling of the fabric against his skin. They looked clean, they even smelled clean, yet he felt like they clang uncomfortably to his skin and they just felt dirty. He really wished he had a change of real, fresh clothes. But he hadn't. So instead he grabbed his trousers and shirts and put them on as well. When he was fully dressed, he eyed Ron uncertainly.

“All better!”, Ron beamed, “let's see if they finally got breakfast ready, I'm starving!”

Harry grimaced, he just wanted to get back to the dormitories, get out of these gross pants and take a long, hot shower.

Then he remembered. “I have to get to Snape's office”, he said as he exited the bathroom. He figured his punishment would only get worse if he made the man wait.

“Want me to go with you?”, Ron and Hermione both asked at the same time.

Harry smiled at them weakly, but he shook his head. “Thanks, really! But I'll be OK.”

Then he turned around and slowly walked down the hallway towards the Grand Staircase. He took the stairs down to the dungeon and followed the corridors towards their potions classroom, Professor Snape's office was right next to it. Most pupils were still in the Great Hall, waiting for breakfast, so he only met two second-year Slytherin boys on his way. They chanted “Potty Potter” as he walked past them, but left him in peace otherwise. He ignored them. Better get used to his new nickname, he thought, depressed. Harry reached Professor Snape's office and hesitated a moment before he knocked on the heavy door.

“Yes!”, Snape's commanding voice answered.

Harry uncomfortably entered. Professor Snape sat at his desk, in front of the endless rows of shelves, all full of jars and glasses filled with slimy, revolting things. He seemed to have added a few to his collection since Harry's last visit. Professor Snape looked up from his papers and gestured Harry to step closer. He didn't offer him to sit, so Harry stood in front of his teacher's desk, eying Snape a little fearful.

“You wanted to see me, Professor”, Harry said.

“Took you long enough, Mr. Potter”, Snape said icily, “I almost thought you had forgotten.”

He looked down on Harry just long enough to remind him that Snape had seen him in his peed pants. Harry blushed. Snape didn't seem to notice.

“Sorry, Sir”, Harry muttered.

“What were you thinking, going after Sirius Black, Mr. Potter?”, Professor Snape asked. His piercing eyes fixated Harry. Harry tried to look back at him, he didn't want to seem craven or like he was trying to hide something. It felt exactly like staring down a hippogriff.

“I... I wasn't, Professor”, he said.

“What were you doing then, sneaking about the castle with a murderer about?”, Snape asked.

“I just...”, Harry trailed off. He looked down.

“You just – what? Certainly, you were aware that students weren't supposed to leave the Great Hall for your own protection, weren't you, Mr. Potter?”, Snape asked mockingly.

Harry bit his lip but he remained silent.

Professor Snape sighed. “Just like your father. Detention all week! Report to my office at seven in the evening starting today. Don't be late again! That will be all, Mr. Potter!”

* * *

The day hadn't gotten better after that. Everywhere Harry went, other students were sniggering at him and he was now officially known as “Potty Potter” or “the boy who weed”. Even some Gryffindors had called him that – though after Ron had given Thomas a bloody nose for it, no one else dared to call Harry names in the Common Room anymore.

Harry still dreaded dinner, and ate as quickly as he could. He was relieved when he could flee the stares and chatter of the Great Hall. He had to hurry anyways, he really did not want to be late for his detention with Professor Snape. The man hated him and just waited for an excuse to punish him even further. Like he hadn't been punished enough already! Stupid bedwetting! The only good thing today was that somehow Harry had managed to avoid running into Malfoy and his goons all day, they hadn't even come over during dinner. Harry wondered why, Malfoy never wasted an opportunity to gloat. What ever their reasons, it couldn't be a good thing.

Harry quickly made his way down to the dungeons, they lay deserted at this time. Most Slytherins were still at the Great Hall and few other students ever wandered off here, so for once Harry arrived at Professor Snape's office unmolested. He knocked on the heavy wooden door. “Come in!”, Snape's voice answered from within and Harry entered.

“You're late!”, Snape said instead of a greeting.

If anything, Harry was early with a few minutes to spare, but he didn't argue. “Sorry, Professor, it won't happen again.”

“That will be five points from Gryffindor”, Snape said. Harry ground his teeth but he kept silent. “I'm afraid our stock of flobberworms has spoiled. You will sort out the rotten from the good ones, Mr. Potter! I hope you have brought your protective gloves.”

Of cause Harry hadn't, Professor Snape had never told him he would be needing any gloves. Snape gestured towards a workbench in the corner, a huge vat filled to the brim with flobberworms in different stages of decay sat atop it. Flobberworm mucus was dripping down the sides and was already solidifying on the worktop. Harry could smell the stench from across the room. He eyed the pair of dragon hide gloves laying atop the Professor's desk. “I'm sorry, I forgot, Sir”, he said silently, “could I borrow some gloves from you?”

“You forgot yours?”, Snape asked in fake concern. He glanced around the room searchingly, clearly looking the pair of gloves at least twice, “I'm afraid I don't have any I could lend you. You'll just have to do it with your bare hands.”

Harry grimaced, but he got to work without further complaint. From up close the worms stank even more. The good ones weren't that bad, but some of the bad ones were so rotten, they burst open at the slightest touch and spilled out their decomposing guts. He tried to breath as shallow as possible, but the stench was still nauseating. Harry really began to regret he just had had dinner. He had to keep on swallowing to keep from seeing it again and spilling it all over the worktop.

The mucus was almost worse than the stench, no matter how careful Harry was, it got on everything, the vat, the table, Harry's robes, his hands, even the floor and it stuck like glue. After the first few worms, Harry could hardly pull his fingers apart anymore, so thick was the layer of mucus that covered his hands.

“There are four more vats in the storage room, Mr. Potter”, Professor Snape informed him.

Great. Harry began to wonder if Professor Snape put some flobberworms out to rot specifically for this kind of punishment. But he didn't give Snape the satisfaction, he just nodded to signal he had understood and continued with his work without a word of complaint.

“You know, Potter, you always remind me of your father”, Professor Snape mused aloud, “the same recklessness. The same arrogance. No concern for others. The resemblance is really uncanny. Your father had some minor talent at Quidditch, too, and that made him think he was cut above everyone else. Strut around the place with his friends. No regard for rules either, just like you, those were for mere mortals, not a James Potter-”

“SHUT UP!”

Harry had turned around and stared at Snape.

“What did you just say, Mr. Potter?”, Professor Snape asked sharply, narrowing his eyes.

“I said shut up! My dad was a good person! You... you're lying!”

“Was he, now? How would you know, Mr. Potter?”, Snape smiled sourly, “stop procrastinating and get back to work! You'll be here all night if need be!”

Harry angrily turned back around and grabbed the next flobberworm. His dad just was! He did not want to admit to Snape that he knew almost nothing about his father. Harry realized that he was mangling the perfectly good flobberworm almost to a mush and he had to discard its remains with the bad ones. He awkwardly tried to wipe off the flobberworm goo from his hands. Snape was lying! He was just trying to hurt him.

Thankfully, Professor Snape apparently lost interest in taunting him and returned to grading papers. Harry really preferred to work in silence.

He finished with the first three batches of flobberworm within less than two hours and he was just about to get the fourth vat. That was when he felt the first, tiny nudge from his bladder, that told him it was getting rather full, but he figured it wasn't urgent and he could wait.

Half an hour later he felt like he needed the loo quite badly and he still had a full tub of flobberworms to go. He really shouldn't have drunken all that pumpkin juice at dinner and he cursed himself for not visiting the bathroom before his detention. Harry bit his lip.

“Professor Snape?”, he asked, “may I be excused? I need the loo.”

Snape didn't even look up from his papers. “No, Mr. Potter. I'm sure it can wait till you're finished with your work.”

Harry groaned silently. He didn't bother to argue, he had known Snape wouldn't let him go even before he had asked. The man never let anyone go during his classes either. For any reason. Once Neville had puked all over his table before Snape had finally allowed him to leave and told Seamus to escort him to the Hospital Wing.

Harry would just have to hurry. Which was easier said than done, for by now his hands were so covered in sticky mucus, everything he touched clung to them and those stupid flobberworms would sooner rip apart then let go of his hands when he wasn't careful. Harry silently cursed as he tried to shake off an especially persistent specimen.

He started to jump from one foot to the other while he was working. When he was finally all done, he couldn't stand still anymore at all, he felt like he was bursting. He quickly brought the last batch of good flobberworms back to the storage room, then he ran back.

“I'm done, Professor!”, he said.

Professor Snape looked up from his desk. Excruciatingly slow, he got up and walked over. “Ah, you made such a mess, Potter”, he observed, examining first the mucus-covered workbench, then eying Harry's robes, which didn't look much better. “Well, go clean up!” Snape threw Harry a rough scrubbing brush.

Harry caught it with both hands, which was a mistake for they immediately stuck together. With some difficulty he tore his hands apart again and quickly ran over to the sink. Turning on the tap and seeing the running water was pure agony. Harry had to cross his legs and he tried to scrape off the mucus from his hands as quick as he could. The damn stuff just wouldn't wash off, no matter how much soap he used and even if he scraped his hands almost bloody, his fingers still stuck together. Harry groaned and jumped in place. The running water made him have to go so bad! He decided that this was as good as he could do and he turned off the tap and put the brush down.

“Please, Professor, may I go now?”, he whined.

“Same time tomorrow, Mr. Potter. And I expect you to be on time from now on!”

“Yes, Sir! Sorry, Sir!”, Harry groaned and ran out as quickly as his dignity would allow him to.

He made a beeline for the loo by the potions classroom and ran right for the first urinal. He jumped in place while he hurriedly tried to undo his belt and trousers with his sticky fingers. When he finally got them open, he yanked his pants and briefs all down in one go. He aimed himself at the urinal and immediately started peeing. A very relieved sigh escaped him as his piss forcefully splattered against the porcelain.

*016*2014-11-27 18:38

Warning: Things get a bit ugly towards the end of this chapter. Some violence. Poor Draco realy doesn't enjoy his day.

Thursday, November 4th

First on Thursday mornings was Arithmancy class. None of Draco's friends had chosen Arithmancy among their electives, so neither Theo nor Crabbe or Goyle were with him. He sat with Pansy Parkinson instead, she was OK – for a girl.

Crabbe and Goyle had chosen Divination. They thought it was an easy subject, everybody knew Professor Trelawney was a kook. Of cause, neither of the two dolts had any talent whatsoever to predict the future either, but they had this master plan how to scrape a pass in her course which could best be described as “make shit up”. They were too stupid for Arithmancy anyways. And Theo had opted for Muggle Studies – sometimes he was strange like that. Even stranger, he complained a lot about that insufferable know-it-all Granger sitting next to him when all the time she was in Arithmancy with Draco.

Anyways, today Draco was happy his friends weren't with him, as this way he could quickly slip away after class and take a much needed detour to the loo in private. He hadn't even had that much pumpkin juice at breakfast, but he had been in a hurry and had had no time to go back to their dorms to use the bathroom there before classes. Obviously, he couldn't possibly have used the crowded facilities by the Great Hall.

So Draco was kind of bursting and not really paying much attention to his surroundings when he ran towards the bathroom on the seventh floor. Since that run-in with Potter and Weasley he tried to avoid the toilets near the Gryffindor tower even more, but it was an emergency and this bathroom was the only one close to his Arithmancy classroom, which overruled his otherwise better judgment.

He was about to enter, when he heard Weasel's annoying voice behind his back: “Hey, Malfoy!”

Draco groaned silently, cursing his luck. He turned around slowly, pretending like he had just been passing by and not been headed for the loo. Draco's heart sank as he saw that Weasley was with his older twin brothers. They all held their wands in their hands. He and his damn luck, he should have chanced the loo near the History of Magic classroom! He furtively moved his hand towards his pocket, where his own wand was.

“Three of you Weasleys at once? What do you want? I'm busy!”, Draco spat, sounding way more confident than he felt right now. His bladder gave him a nervous twinge and he anxiously shifted his weight from one leg to the other and pressed his thighs together ever so slightly, hoping he looked casual, not desperate.

They pushed him through the door to the bathroom and, once inside, one of the twins grabbed him and roughly forced him against the wall while the other got a hold of his hand and pulled it away from his pocket.

“No, you don't!”, he said and twisted Draco's arm. Draco winced but he managed to stifle a scream. He felt a small squirt dampen his briefs, but he regained control of his bladder in time.

“What do you want, let go of me!”, he demanded, though a little bit of his fear sneaked into his voice.

“We have warned you before”, the twin on his right hissed.

Their younger brother said: “We know you gave Harry something that made him wet his bed so you could make fun of him in front of everyone!”

“That's ridiculous!”, Draco spat and reared up, but the twins brutally pushed him back so that his head hit the wall. For a second Draco saw flashing lights before his eyes and another squirt escaped him. He panicky pressed his legs together, and his bladder send painful stabs through his lower abdomen as he stemmed the flood yet again.

“Since you didn't listen the last time”, the older boy on Draco's left said.

“We're gonna teach you a real lesson now”, his twin brother finished.

“Come on, how could I even have done that?”, Draco whined, he was actually getting kind of scared now.

“Liar!”, the Weasel cried and hit Draco in the stomach, right where his bladder was. Draco gasped and would have doubled over had the twins not held him up. This time it wasn't just a small spurt that got out. Draco managed to stop the flow one more time, but he could feel the pee drip down his legs and when he looked down there was a huge wet spot on the front of his trousers. The Weasley brothers saw it, too, and they started to laugh at him. Then, suddenly, the Weasel hit him again and this time Draco completely lost it. He started crying as he felt the hot piss soak through his pants and pool around him on the floor.

The Weasley twins shuffled their feet away so the spreading puddle of piss wouldn't touch their shoes. They whispered with each other and laughed even more. Then one of the twins got to the door, took a quick look outside and gestured his brothers to follow him. They grabbed Draco again and pulled him with them, over to the girl's room next door. They quickly got inside, then the first twin got his wand out and pointed it at Draco. The two others let go of him.

“Please-”, Draco sniffled, it was all he managed.

“Petrificus Totalus!”, the Weasley with the wand cut him off.

Draco felt his limbs snap together as the curse hit him, then the floor rushed towards him as he fell forward, right onto his face. He couldn't move a single muscle, and all he could see were the glazed tiles of the floor, but he could hear their laughter. Then there was the door. They were going to just leave him there?

Their footsteps became more distant. They really had just left him, alone, in his wet pants, on the floor, in the middle of the girl's room. New tears blurred Draco's vision as he started to cry again, silently, for he couldn't even sob.

Draco didn't know how long he had lain there. Hours. At some point, he just didn't have any more tears left and his vision had cleared again. More time went by. Draco couldn't do anything but wait for someone to walk in on him or for his assailants to return. The school bell rang. Must be lunch time already! Draco could hear steps and voices out on the corridor, they walked past the bathroom. He wanted to cry out for help, but no sound escaped his mouth. In the end, finally, some steps approached the door, it creaked open, Draco heard a girl shriek and something hit the ground when she must have dropped it, then her hurried steps as she ran away. Please! No! Help! Draco rolled his eyes in a failed attempt to get the door into his view.

No more than a minute or two could have passed since the girl had ran away – though to Draco it felt like an eternity – there was the sound of several pairs of feet fast approaching. The door was pushed open again and someone entered.

As the person got over, the seam of a green robe and a pair of women's leather boots entered Draco's field of vision. He felt a touch at his shoulder and heard the words of a simple counter-curse, then suddenly, his limbs obeyed his will again. He turned around to look up into the stern face of Professor McGonagall.

“Mr. Malfoy!”, she said, surprise and disapproval in her voice, “get up immediately!”

Draco hesitantly stood up, trying to cover the far too big, half-dried spot on his pants with his hands. McGonagall impatiently grabbed him at his collar and almost dragged him out on the corridor. Draco stumbled after her, past the first-year girl who stared at him with huge, stupid eyes. On the hallway, the Professor finally let go of Draco.

“Professor, I-”, he said. He tried to pull away from her, away from the far too many people who had turned around to stare at them, at his wet pants.

She grabbed his arm and pulled him back. “Mr. Malfoy, what in Merlin's name were you doing in the girl's room?”

“I was ambushed. You saved me, please, I-”, Draco tried to explain.

“You should be ashamed of yourself!”, McGonagall cut him short, frowning. If she had seen the state of Draco's pants, she didn't care. “I ask again”, she said, “what do you think you were doing in the girl's room, boy?”

“It was Ronald Weasley and his two brothers Fred and George. They assaulted me and they dragged me in-”

“Mr. Malfoy!”, McGonagall interrupted him again, “I'm not in the mood for fairy tales.”

“It's the truth”, Draco said angrily.

But it was no use, the old crone didn't believe a word he said. She took a hundred points from Slytherin, gave him several hours of detention and he was to write a four-parchment essay on why peeping at girls on the loo was wrong – and all for something he hadn't actually done! But the absolutely worst part was that Professor McGonagall was going to write a letter to his parents. Draco begged her not to, but she was adamant. His parents were going to kill him!

* * *

Theo was a bit miffed when Draco didn't show up for History of Magic. He could have told him that he was gonna skive class! Theo would have gladly joined him. Instead, Draco had made him sit there all alone with only Crabbe and Goyle for entertainment while Professor Binns droned on and on in his monotone voice. Crabbe had fallen asleep within five minutes after the period had started. His head was leaning back and he was snoring with his mouth open. For a while Theo amused himself by throwing a bunch of every flavour beans he had carefully selected for their especially vile looking color at him and trying to land them in his mouth. Though, after Crabbe had just swallowed one Theo was sure had been shit-flavoured without even waking, that soon got boring. Theo turned back around and started doodling on some scrap parchment instead.

A stickman-Draco was embracing a stickman-Theo and the two were kissing and stickman-Draco got a boner and so did stickman-Theo and they rubbed against each other... Theo blushed when he realized what he was drawing and quickly covered the image with his hands. He nervously looked around, but no one paid him any attention, everybody seemed comatose. He quickly scratched out the images.

Professor Binns still droned on, something about the formation of the Ministry of Magic or something. Theo made the mistake of actually listening for a moment and Professor Binns' voice must have gotten to him, for the next thing he remembered was the ringing of the school bell for lunch. He groggily got up and followed the others to the Great Hall.

Draco wasn't there either. Now Theo actually got a bit worried. He knew Draco had gone to his Arithmancy lesson in the morning, wasn't that near the Gryffindor tower? He looked around for one of Draco's classmates and saw Pansy Parkinson stand near the entrance with some of her friends. “Hey, Pansy!”, he called over to her, “do you know if Draco was in Arithmancy class today?”

“Sure I know, he sat right next to me!”, she answered. Theo didn't like the way she smiled when she said that. She always barged in and tried to sit with them during meals, too. He didn't like that either. And the way she had been fawning over Draco's injured arm all the time had just been disgusting. He smiled at her.

“Did you see where he went after class?”, he asked.

She furrowed her ugly brows. “I don't know.”

“Your classroom is by the Gryffindor tower, right?”

“Yeah, seventh floor, same corridor as the fat lady!”

“Thanks!”

Theo had a bad feeling. He left for the Entrance Hall and ran up the Grand Staircase. Slightly out of breath, he reached the seventh floor and turned towards the Gryffindor tower. He immediately saw Draco, who was standing on the corridor, his eyes downcast, pants wet and Professor McGonagall was with him and seemed to berate him. Theo ran over just when McGonagall turned around to leave. From up close Theo could clearly see that Draco had been crying. He gently put his hand on Draco's shoulder and – after making sure the Professor really was out of earshot – asked: “Hey, hey, what happened? What did the stupid dragon do to you?”

Draco just hugged him and started crying at his chest. His outburst took Theo a bit by surprise, he soothingly patted Draco's back and carefully pushed him behind some armor stand so they weren't in full view of the whole corridor anymore. There, he leaned Draco against the wall, got out his wand and cast a quick cleaning spell on his friend's pants. He allowed Draco to lean against his shoulder again.

“What happened”, he silently repeated his question.

“It was the Weasel!”, Draco sobbed, “my parents are gonna kill me!”

Interrupted by more crying, Draco haltingly told Theo what had happened and how McGonagall had found him and how she didn't believe him and how now he was the one getting punished. Draco was so beat, Theo decided to bring him to their dorms.

He seated Draco on his bed, sat down besides him and put his arm around his shoulders. Draco leaned his head against him again.

The school bell rang. Potions with the Gryffindors was next.

“Want to skip the rest of classes?”, Theo whispered.

Draco just nodded.

They probably would land themselves in even more trouble – it wasn't the brightest idea to skive Professor Snape's lessons – but right then Theo didn't care. He just wanted to be with Draco, to hold him and to comfort him. He only sneaked out to the kitchens to quickly grab them some leftover lunch they could eat in their dorm. They spend the rest of the afternoon together talking. Once Draco had calmed down, he got a lot less cuddly and moved away from Theo slightly. Theo was a bit sad about that and he felt he might have missed a chance to kiss Draco again. He felt really guilty for having such thoughts after what Draco had just gone through.

When evening approached, Draco was a lot better and they decided to go to the Great Hall for dinner after all. The other students they passed on the corridor were acting kind of strange. Blaise winked at Draco, grinned and gave him a thumbs-up when they passed him. The looks a bunch of Ravenclaw girls from their Herbology class gave them were far less favorable.

Theo and Draco sat down at their usual places at the Slytherin table, opposite Crabbe and Goyle.

“You really sneaked into the girl's room? Man, tell us!”, Goyle said instead of a greeting.

Apparently, news of Draco's misadventure had made the rounds.

“I did not”, Draco said plainly.

Crabbe fell in: “Did you get a good look? That was so cool!”

“I said I did not.”

“Oh, come on, do tell us!”, Crabbe begged.

Goyle bend over and asked silently: “You get off watching them take a piss?”

Theo blushed at that question.

“I don't!”, Draco hissed, “and I do not peep at girls either! It was the stupid Weasleys, they ambushed me!”

“He's just embarrassed because he got hexed by a girl!”, Goyle ventured.

“I bet it was a first-year!”, Crabbe sniggered.

“Shut up!”, Draco and Theo said together.

Crabbe and Goyle just laughed even more.

“Told you, it was! He got cursed by a little girl!”, Crabbe snorted.

“Oh, come on, man, we're just joking! You're a hero! Every boy at the school looks up to you!”, Goyle grinned.

“Yeah, did you at least get a good look before she hexed you?”, Crabbe agreed.

Never before had Theo realized how outright disgusting the two imbeciles could be at times. Judging by the look on Draco's face, he thought the same.

“Drop it already”, Theo said, very silent.

Apparently, there was something in his voice that even those two idiots registered. They shut their stupid mouths and Draco and Theo could enjoy a few moments of peace.

Until that bitch Pansy had to barge in.

“Draco, are the rumors true? McGonagall caught you peeping at some Gryffindor girl?”, she asked.

“No”, Draco said curtly.

She grabbed his face and forced him to look up at her.

“That was so naughty!”, she smiled, then her face suddenly turned serious, “if you ever pull a stunt like that on me or my friends, I'm going to kill you!” She smiled again. “Really, peeping at filthy Mudbloods? You need a real girl...”, she trailed off.

The whore was almost smothering Draco with her bosom.

“He said he didn't! Leave him alone already!”, Theo yelled at her.

Pansy laughed at his outburst. “And who're you? His girlfriend?” Theo blushed and she laughed even more. She got over to Theo, bend down and whispered into his ear: “I think your boyfriend is more into real girls!” With an evil laugh, she pressed a wet kiss on Theo's cheek, then she sat down on Draco's other side. Theo eyed her darkly.

* * *

Draco and Theo retreated to their bedroom almost immediately after dinner. Draco hadn't liked the atmosphere in the Common Room, he felt like everybody stared at him. By now everybody knew the story how he had been peeping at girls on the loo and got hexed by a first-year. Nobody believed him when he tried to tell them what really had happened. Nobody but Theo.

The two had just started with the essay they had to write for Transfiguration, when Blaise knocked at the door and came in.

“Letter for you, Draco! From Professor Snape”, he said far too happy.

Draco hesitantly took it. Blaise went back to the door, turned around, grinned even more like a fool and gave Draco another thumbs-up, then he ran out.

“Idiot”, Draco muttered under his breath as he carefully opened the letter like he expected it to explode in his hands.

Theo peered over and tried to read. “How bad?”

“It says I'm to report to Professor Snape's office immediately.”

“Best to not let him wait. At least we'll have detention together”, Theo said and got up.

“The letter only mentions me”, Draco said quietly.

“I skipped his class, too. Maybe he'll go easy on me if I turn myself in. Anyways, I'm not letting you go there alone!”

Theo's words made Draco smile, it felt good to have a friend who stood up for him. Even though he feared Professor McGonagall might have had a word with Professor Snape and this wasn't about skipping class at all, he didn't refuse the company.

The two quickly crossed the common room and got out on the corridor. Professor Snape's office wasn't far away from their dormitories, it was just down the hallway across the one that led to the stairs, right next to the potions classroom. They were about to turn the corner when they almost ran into Potter. Draco angrily stared at him and Potter gloomily looked back, though neither said a word as they went past each other. It was all his fault anyway, stupid Potter and his Weasel friend!

Draco and Theo reached the door to Professor Snape's office and stopped. They exchanged a queasy look, then Draco hesitantly raised his hand and knocked.

Professor Snape opened the door himself. “Mr. Malfoy, come in!”, he said. Snape moved aside to usher him in and Draco saw that his teacher wasn't alone. Draco's father was standing next to the fireplace, leaning on his cane with both hands and not looking happy at all. Draco swallowed hard as he stepped inside.

Theo wanted to follow him, but Snape stopped him. The Professor nodded at Draco's father, then he got out onto the corridor and closed the door behind himself, leaving Draco alone with his dad.

“F-father!”, Draco said, fear creeping into his voice.

“Your mother and I got a letter from your teacher. We are shocked. Your mother is completely distraught”, his dad said. He slowly got over to one of the armchairs by the fireplace and sat down, laying the cane across his lap. “Come over here, son!”, he commanded, emotionless.

Draco knew what he was due for, but he also knew that stalling would only make it worse. He slowly moved. “Dad! I... I can explain!”, he croaked, “I didn't do it! The Weasley brothers set me up!”

The look his father gave him made him shut up.

“You greatly humiliated your mother and me”, he said.

Draco had reached his dad and looked at him, scared.

“Drop your pants!”, his dad ordered.

Draco unbuckled his belt and undid his trousers. He slowly pulled them down to his knees, then his briefs too. He looked at his father again. His dad grabbed the cane.

“Turn towards the wall, bend over and touch your toes!”, came the next command.

Draco turned around. “I'm sorry, dad!”, he said.

“Bend over and touch your toes!”, his father repeated.

Draco did as he was told. The cane hit his buttocks so hard, it drove the air out of Draco's lungs. Draco gasped. His father whacked him again and again. Draco bit his lips to keep from crying out loud.

“NEVER! EMBARRASS! YOUR! MOTHER! AND! ME! LIKE! THAT! AGAIN!” Each word was accompanied by a hit with the cane. Draco started crying and he screamed out his pain. His dad hit so hard, Draco lost his balance. He fell to his knees, but his father kept on thrashing him. Draco's buttocks were on fire, his dad was so furious, he hit him on the back as well. Draco crouched down to the floor, screaming, but the cane kept on raining down on him. Draco didn't even notice he lost control of his bladder and wet himself.

* * *

Theo saw Draco's face drop as he caught sight of Mr. Malfoy. He tried to get in with his friend, but the Professor forced him back outside. Snape got out on the corridor as well and, with a silent nod to Mr. Malfoy, closed the door behind himself, leaving Draco alone with his dad.

Theo looked up at Professor Snape. Timidly, he asked: “Professor?”

Snape remained silent.

Then Theo heard the first slap from inside. And another. And another. Theo's heart dropped. He looked at Snape again, but his teacher was facing away from the door and avoiding eye contact. Theo turned around and faced the opposite wall as well. Draco started screaming. Mr. Malfoy beat Draco again and again, he wouldn't stop hitting him. Theo made his hands to fists, he felt tears well up inside him. He was no stranger to the cane, his dad thought it build character. But he had never beaten him like this!

An especially piercing scream ripped through the air and Theo jerked around sharply. Professor Snape had half turned towards the door as well, and for a second their eyes met. Please, Theo thought, help him! Do something! You're an adult, you have to stop him! He's killing him! Theo almost imagined he saw the same kind of horror in his teacher's eyes and for that tiny moment he actually believed Professor Snape would charge in there and stop Mr. Malfoy. Then the Professor lowered his gaze turned away again. Theo felt something break inside him.

Finally, it stopped and Draco's pained screams turned into an exhausted sobbing. The door opened and Mr. Malfoy dragged Draco out on his collar, depositing him on the floor in-between them.

“Never embarrass your mother and me again like that!”, he said, then he turned to Professor Snape, “Thank you, Severus”, he said, nodded, and turned to leave.

“Lucius”, Professor Snape coldly returned the nod.

Theo rushed to Draco's side. Draco was kneeling on the floor, half-naked and crying. His exposed buttocks were hot red and his skin had burst open in several places. The back of his shirt was bloody, too. Theo hardly knew where to touch Draco for fear of hurting him further.

Snape waited till Draco's dad was out of sight.

“Mr. Nott!”, he ordered, “help Mr. Malfoy into my office!”

Theo winched at his sharp voice. He carefully grabbed Draco in the armpits and helped him stand up. When he was sure that Draco could stand on his own, Theo squatted down to help him with his pants, which still hang around his ankles.

“Don't bother, Mr. Malfoy will only have to remove them again”, Snape stopped him.

But as Theo had reached for the pants, he had noticed that they were wet. He quickly got out his wand and at least cast a cleaning spell on them. Draco eyed him embarrassedly, but Theo didn't say a word. Then Theo got up again and with his help Draco waddled into Professor Snape's office.

The Professor hastily cleared his desk and waved them over. Draco shamefully covered his boyhood with his hands as the Professor looked down at him.

“Help him take off his shirt, then lie him down on the table”, Snape told Theo as he got over to some cabinet by the wall and started rummaging through it.

Draco winched in pain as he rose his arms and Theo pulled his shirt over his head as careful as he could. As he accidentally touched Draco's back, Draco inhaled sharply. “Sorry”, Theo muttered. Draco didn't say a thing.

Once he was undressed, Draco lay down on the table on his chest, exposing his tortured back and bottom. Meanwhile, Professor Snape had unearthed a small pot of salve from the cabinet. He returned to them.

“This will burn a little, but it will help”, he explained.

Draco gasped when the Professor applied the salve to his buttocks and Theo took his hand.

“You OK?”, Theo whispered.

Draco tried to smile, but it became a grimace. He pressed Theo's hand real hard but he didn't make another sound while Professor Snape liberally distributed more of the salve on Draco's bottom and backside. When he was done, they carefully stood Draco up and he dressed again.

Professor Snape looked Draco over. “Mr. Malfoy, you missed my class today. Make sure it doesn't happen again!”, he told him.

“Sorry, Sir. It won't!”, Draco replied quietly.

“Mr. Nott, would you accompany Mr. Malfoy back to your dormitories?”

Theo nodded. Draco grimaced painfully as he tried to move, but with tiny steps he made his way over to the door. Theo opened it for him.

“And Mr. Nott?”, Snape called after him when Theo was just about to get after him, “I seem to remember you were absent as well. Detention tomorrow evening at eight. Bring your cauldron!”

“Yes, Sir”, Theo said, then he quickly slipped out and closed the door.

Theo and Draco slowly walked back to the dorms, Draco tried to act casually, but Theo could see he was still in pain.

“I thought he was gonna beat you to death”, he said queasily.

“I thought so, too”, Draco confessed and stifled a sob, “it's all Potter and Weasley's fault! I hate them!”

* * *

Earlier the same evening Harry was at Professor Snape's office for his detention. Today the Professor had him disembowel horned slugs for tomorrow's first-year potions class. They would need those for their potions to cure boils. There were thirty-one students in that class, which made two full buckets of slugs. Harry sighed and grabbed the next one to slice it open, at least he was getting a hang of it.

He just thought that if he continued at this pace, he might even get out early today, when there was a knock at the door. He looked up from his work and eyed Professor Snape. The Professor rose from his place behind his desk and actually got over to open the door himself.

“Lucius, welcome old friend!”, he greeted his visitor, no other than Lucius Malfoy. Snape shook the man's hand and beckoned him in. Harry had all forgotten about his work, he tensely listened in on the men. What was Malfoy's dad doing at Hogwarts?

“I hope my sudden call didn't inconvenience you too much, Severus”, Mr. Malfoy said. He noticed Harry and stared over at him, barely hidden hatred in his eyes. Harry remembered well how last year the man had lost his temper and tried to kill him after he had tricked him to free Dobby. Only Dobby had saved him back then. The thought send a shiver down his spine.

Snape followed Mr. Malfoy's gaze. “Mr. Potter, that will be all for today, you may go. Come back tomorrow evening!”, he said, “just leave them!”, he added as Harry reached for the slugs to clean up the worktop. Harry put them back down and went over to the sink, the two men watched him in silence as he quickly washed his hands. Then, with another half-scared, half-curious look at the men, Harry slipped out the door. He pretended to close it, but he left it open a creak and tried to listen.

“Close the door behind yourself, Mr. Potter!”, Professor Snape said.

Harry quickly shut the door and fled down the corridor.

He hadn't gotten far when he saw Malfoy Junior and Nott walk down the hallway in the opposite direction. He eyed them warily, but except for the nasty looks they gave him, they left him alone. They turned down the way Harry had just come from and disappeared around the corner. Now Harry really got suspicious, he doubled back and peeked around the corner.

Like he expected, the two walked up to Professor Snape's office and knocked. The Professor opened and let Malfoy in, though then he stepped outside himself and waited there together with Nott. That was strange. Harry wondered what Mr. Malfoy wanted with his son that was so secret. At first he heard nothing, but then the screams started. They send a chill down Harry's back. Even at the distance he could see Nott go pale, too. Harry didn't know what was happening, but it sounded like Mr. Malfoy was killing Draco. He couldn't believe Professor Snape just stood there and did nothing.

Finally, the screaming stopped and Mr. Malfoy stepped out on the corridor, dragging his son after him and callously dropping him on the stone floor. Was that blood on Malfoy's exposed skin? Harry was horrified. Uncle Vernon had mistreated him a lot and he had gone without dinner plenty of times or been locked in his cupboard under the stairs, but his uncle had never beaten him even once. Professor Snape didn't seem to care for Draco's state. Mr. Malfoy nodded at him, Snape nodded back, then without so much as looking at his son Mr. Malfoy turned around to leave.

He quickly strode down the corridor towards where Harry was, so Harry had to retreat in a hurry. He turned and ran all the way up the stairs and didn't stop before he reached the portrait of the fat lady on the seventh floor. Completely out of breath, he gasped the password: “Fortuna Major!” Only when the portrait hole had closed behind him again did he feel save.

