Prophecy of 7 (Heroes of Olympus)

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-11-06 00:22

I loved the Percy Jackson books. Heck, I liked the movie (watch it without comparing it to the books). When Heroes of Olympus came out I was excited. New Demigods! Then son of Neptune came out as well as Mark of Athena. Don't get me wrong, I certainly enjoyed them but... I could have used a little less of the characters from the Percy Jackson saga. So this will take place during the Mark of Athena with an entirely OC cast of my own. The events of Son of Neptune and Lost Heroes did occur but they aren't a main concept for this story. Leo designed the ship but he won't be present through out this story. (I really liked Leo but I already chose my seven after finishing "Mark of Athena" and I didn't take him into account right away)

Prologue

Murky green waves crashed against each other amidst the backdrop of a storming sky. The water reflected the horrific power of the coming storm as it swirled and overlapped smaller waves. Foam sprayed through the air between the clashing of waves. Lightning crackled above the ocean’s turmoil with the booming thunder following like a loyal dog. The icy air was quickly filled with drops of rains that were like frozen needles on the skin. Howling winds could topple even the most structurally sound tower with ease. A particularly large wave rose and crashed back down sending ripples the size of an average wave to be dwarfed by surrounding arcs of green water.

Pitch black clouds swirled above the angry waters. Bolts of lightning streaked across the sky briefly illuminating the clouds revealing where one would end and another began. Rain showered from the heavens in sheets. Gusts of powerful winds sent the droplets falling down side ways and making unnoticeable ripples in the ocean below. The gales of wind managed to warp the pattern of waves and caused an erratic swarm of waves to briefly form mountain’s that seemed to swallow each other before lapping the watery surface below.

A rusty trident slowly ascended from beneath the water rising above the crashing waves. At first only the three points are visible but soon the majority of the shaft is shown. The metal begins to reverse corrode and the metal gleams revealing its glowing bronze texture. A bronze javelin began to descend from the clouds, it crackled with lightning and the golden glow and blue light mingled as it lit up the sky. Energy exploded from both weapons and blinding white light tore through the scene.

“A war amongst the gods a brewing! A war against themselves is brewing!” An empty, disembodied voice shouted above the howl of the winds.

Melissa Young felt her eyes flutter open to the darkness of the early morning hours. She furrowed her brow for a moment as her body began to realize a strange warmth saturating it as well as her covers and bedding. Her eyes went wide as she put two and two together. She flung herself out of her bed clumsily tumbling to the hardwood floor below drips of still warm urine rolling down her pink pajama capris. “Oh god, Oh god! How could I? I? what… no!” She howled in humiliation.

She was practically hysterical as she assessed the situation. The fabric of her pajama capris went from hot pink to a darker color, same for her cotton night shirt. Her blanket and sheets were soaked badly and a small puddle rested on the spot her butt used to lay. She cringed in disgust as the sour scent of urine began to fill the room. Her face began to radiate warmth from her bright red cheeks as she blinked back tears.

She finally set out to her parents room, her damp bare feet slowly shuffled over the hardwood floor over to her parents room. She cringed as she slowly raised her right hand. Her arm trembled as she clenched her hand into a limp fist. She finally managed to rap the wooden door a couple times. She waited in silence till she heard her step-dad rouse. “Wha-what is it?” His speech was slurred as it called out from the room.

Melissa stared at the door for a few moments not quite sure what to do. She shivered as she became aware of the coolness of her urine.

“Hello?” His voice called out again as Melissa heard movement coming from the room.

Melissa felt herself began to sob as she forced herself to speak. “I wet the bed.” She sobbed as tears began to roll down her face.

For a moment there was only silence but then the door was opened to reveal a sympathetic man in his late thirties with jet black hair that contained traces of white strands among his mane. He was handsome, he had probably been more so in his hay day. He rubbed sleep from his eye as her assessed her urine soaked clothing and tear stained face. He sighed and ran his hand through his hair.

“Just change and sleep on the couch I guess. I’ll try to wash your bedding while you’re at school tomorrow.” He shrugged weakly.

Melissa nodded slightly and returned to her room to change in to a pink night gown and gathered a clean blanket before heading out to sleep on the sofa.

Longer posts to come, I just wanted to get this post out before I get swamped for the rest of this month:/ Hope you enjoyed! Comment below, pretty pretty please.

*002*2012-11-07 23:33

{{: 

I just wish this could have been longer. I read the Percy Jackson series myself. I haven't gotten around to checking out the new series however

}}

Thanks I still have a lot more to write so don't worry:P The new series is pretty good but I felt including Percy and Annabeth kind of bailed out on the idea somewhat:/

*004*2012-11-08 23:02

{{: 

Great start. I look forward to reading more.

}}

Glad to hear it

*005*2012-11-15 01:13

This is just a quick post to fill the time between now and my next post, whenever that may be. Also here is the model for Melissa. https://encrypted-tbn1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSHonIJ5Rrg3M6Hyc_BNXFIWU3biJ_xAjzgh5Jl7I8JOYpjv5qG

A smile slowly stretched its way onto Melissa’s nearly flawless face. “It was just a dream.” She mumbled sleepily. She attempted to stretch out before she found herself oddly confined. She furrowed her brow before sitting up as reality hit her in the gut. It was no dream, sixteen year old Melissa Young, captain of the volleyball team as well as the sophomore homecoming queen had wet her bed. As a result she had finished her sleep on her family couch.

It was unprecedented. How could she have…. She shook her head as tears once again began to brim in her eyes. She had bigger things to worry about. However She wasn’t able to shake the humiliating knowledge that she had soiled her bed. She found her face only begin to burn with embarrassment as she started the shower. She stripped nude before slowly stepping into the steamy flow of water. She sighed softly as she adjusted the temperature, and almost magically, the flow of water washed her thoughts away.

Eventually she forced herself to emerge from her steamy shower. She ignored the lingering sensation of embarrassment as she dried herself off as well as her chocolate brown hair. Afterwards she found herself dressed in dark-wash cigarette jeans that had pre-torn patches along the front of the thigh, a grey Abercrombie t-shirt and a black leather cropped vest. She gave herself a quick touch up of make-up before shouldering her hot pink tote bag before getting into her late 90’s mustang. She took a deep breath as she tried to dismiss her memory of her accident before pulling out and heading to Roosevelt High.

She pulled into the back parking lock, locked her car as she raced off to the main building. She slipped through the double doors and jogged up a set of stairs, briefly stopping at her locker to take out a chemistry book before she took off to her first hour. Her red Tom’s slapping the ground beneath her, was the only sound in the empty hallway just before the tardy bell rang. She slowed her pace immediately and hung her shoulders in defeat as she dragged herself through the doors of her classroom and took her seat without looking at the teacher.

Thankfully Ms. Grimm didn’t say anything to the young student. Melissa wasn’t in the mood to be chastised after her bed wetting. She just couldn’t get over that. She was sixteen! How could she have soaked her bed. It was utterly humiliating and…. Depressing. Her friend must have noticed her composure because she spoke up about it.

“Hey Melissa, is something wrong?” Ariel, her blonde haired friend asked. Melissa shook her head, not too keen on revealing her accident. “You can tell me.” Ariel persisted.

“I’ll tell you in gym.” Melissa felt herself blush at the mere thought of telling Ariel. Ariel was a good friend, but not always understanding. The beautiful cheerleader would most definitely squeal with disgust if Melissa admitted she wet the bed. But since gym wasn’t till sixth hour she would have plenty of time to concoct a perfect lie. Or so Melissa thought.

Sixth hour came much quicker than Melissa thought and she didn’t think of any elaborate lie so when Ariel met Melissa at their gym locker with much more glee than was necessary Melissa just blushed and stared at her feet. She struggled to slip her jeans off of her legs, revealing white boy shorts.

“So what’s wrong?” Ariel asked, who was way to comfortable with her body as she stripped down to her bra and panties within seconds, even taking time for Melissa to answer to replace her clothing.

Melissa on the other hand, who was definitely as beautiful as Ariel, if not more so, only took off one main article of clothing at a time. Once she had her jeans off she quickly began to pull up her red soffe around her waist. “I don’t want to talk about it.” Melissa moaned as she slipped her tops off and replaced them with a red t-shirt that was emblazed with her school’s name on it.

“Oh don’t be like that.” Ariel muttered as she shifted through her bag for her gym clothes.

“I’m serious. It’s embarrassing.”

“Even better.” Ariel laughed pulling out her gym clothes, taking her time to put on her own soffe and gym shirt.

“Seriously.” Melissa mumbled as she locked their joint locker before the two made their way to the main gym. Ariel, had other plans and pinned Melissa against wall.

“We aren’t leaving till you tell me.” She smirked.

“Ariel, please-“

“Nope. Tell me.” Ariel cut her friend off.

“I….” Melissa stared at her tennis shoes which she replaced her Toms with. “I wet the bed.” Melissa whispered after she was sure everyone was out of range.

“Ew!” Ariel cried out before giggling. “Seriously?”

Melissa nodded. “Please don’t tell anyone.”

Ariel only shrugged her shoulders in reply as she followed her friend at a slight distance.

Melissa blushed brightly now that her secret was out. She wouldn’t put it past her own best friend to gossip about it. She trailed behind her friend a little reluctantly, half expecting Ariel to burst out in another fit of giggles and blurt out her secret.

Fortunately they progressed through gym without Ariel so much as referencing the scene from earlier. Melissa began to expect it was because Ariel was to disgusted to even want to talk about it though. Melissa blushed as they made their way back to their locker at the end of the hour. Ariel kind of rushed to be away from her, as if Melissa’s mere presence was disgusting. Melissa stared at her sneakers as she slowly dragged her feet towards the locker room door and found herself the last one in the nearly empty gym.

A bloodcurdling scream pierced the air. Melissa nearly jumped out of her skin as she turned to face the source of the screech, a frail old lady who seemed to have come from nowhere. Melissa was about to check on her when the woman leaped impossibly high into the air, revealing ugly brown wings where her arms should have been. Long talon like fingers extended from the end of both wings and her legs were longer and skinnier than any humans, perfect talons replaced her feet.

The monstrous lady emitted another screech as it hurtled towards Melissa. Melissa shielded her eyes as she released her own scream. A metallic explosion filled the air followed by a loud hiss. There was a moment of hesitation before Melissa opened her eyes to find a veil of water blasting from the plumbing system where the water fountain had previously been only moments ago. The veil seemed to surround Melissa like a shield and apparently flowed with enough pressure to keep the harpy separated from Melissa.

Harpy? Where did that word come from? Unfortunately Melissa didn’t get much time to focus on that thought because a bronze hatchet sliced through the air, easily cutting through the woman. Gold dust exploded as her only remnants. The veil of water splashed to the ground once the threat was gone.

Melissa turned her head to find a slightly chubby kid retrieve his hatchet and have it reduce in size and change its form till it became a cheap hand flag. He glanced at me for a moment and he cracked a grin on his previously serious face. Melissa decided he would be incredibly handsome if he worked out.

His voice finally broke the silence. “Have an accident did you?” He asked.

Melissa furrowed her brow as she slowly grew aware of a cooling warmth saturating her lower body. She glanced down to find her soffe drenched with urine and her legs glistening from wetness. A slightly yellow puddle expanded from beneath her till it mingled with the clearer water. Melissa gasped, absolutely mortified. Sometime during the attack she must have wet herself in fear. Her eyes drifted to the stranger.

“Relax…. You have a change of clothes right?”

“Yeah.” Melissa said awkwardly.

“Ok go get changed and meet me in the parking lot.” He started off towards the door.

“Wait what?” Melissa raised a brow.

“I mean… well we are going to camp half-blood.”

“Camp half-blood?”

“Er… demigods, chiron…. None of this is ringing a bell to you?”

Melissa shook her head.

“Christ. Why can’t parents ever tell their kids the whole story.” He shook his head. “OK look. Just meet me in the parking lot and I’ll explain there.” He took off running.

Melissa hesitated for a moment. She eventually took off to the locker room, her sneakers squelching all the way. She slowly snuck her way into the gym trying to avoid humiliating herself further. Fortunately the locker room was already empty and she simply stripped to her underwear. She hesitated for a moment before stripping her boyshorts off and wading them up into the back of her gym locker for the time being. She ended up pulling up her tight jeans without any underwear, a fact that bothered her. She didn’t have much time to think about it, or the uncomfortable fill of the denim against her private parts. She simply slipped on her t-shirt and vest and pulled on her toms after tossing her wet sneakers and socks into the locker along with her underwear.

“Ariel is going to gag when she opens the locker.” Melissa mumbled as she grabbed her bag and raced out to the parking lot. “What am I doing? I’m meeting a stranger who carries some magical axe thing. This is insane.” Melissa muttered under her breath as she ran to the parking lot, regardless of her doubts.

I think I'll leave it at that for now:P

*006*2012-11-19 02:29

I dunno if I'm going to complete this. I enjoyed writing it, but a Percy Jackson fanfiction deserves a different writing style than my own.

*008*2012-11-19 03:46

{{: 

That's OK, this story is alright, but i'm more interested in seeing how you'd write a Young Slayers fic.

}}

I've changed the aim of that story. Its more of a evil god complex story.

*009*2012-11-19 10:05

{{: 

That's OK, this story is alright, but i'm more interested in seeing how you'd write a Young Slayers fic.

}}

On second thought, I did just post what I had written so far of the slayer fic

*011*2012-11-22 04:15

{{: 

I love those books!!!! I've read them so much I can quote them!!! And you know what my favorite part of all of all the percy jackson books is? Calypso's island. It sucks he didn't stay.

}}

I always thought that too. After reading the odyssey; however, I think it was better that he left.

