Superheroine hard work...

Author: Jim wet

*000*2022-01-01 01:51

Carol Gordon, an ordinary journalist ... at first glance seemed like a long-haired blonde with beautiful blue eyes and perfect forms in the right places. Every teenager in his thoughts undressed her when she put on a white tight suit with a short red cloak in which her ass was not completely covered, and there was a large neckline on her chest ... and every boy and man understood that pants and underwear were becoming too tight in groin area ...

"Girl Fist" was nicknamed by the people, she was really strong and possessed super powers that were inferior in use even to many military developments. A 15-year-old teenager walked confidently along the roads of night New York, a dark hood did not give a look on his appearance the guy grinned realizing that today he will receive a salary for his work, he started this business 2 years ago, caused? Of course, life in the most lame part of New York, when your whole life is going to hell ... The teenager was so carried away by thoughts of money that he did not notice a figure hovering above him with a short red cloak that opened a view of her butt ...

- Well? Who are you bringing that bastard's merchandise to? -

The guy froze in surprise, his heart pounded, his eyes widened, and his hands trembled ... he knew ... she would come for each of the lawbreakers ... The girl landed in front of him, her chest cracked slightly as she landed ...

- Aren't you ashamed? help sell illegal drugs ... do you know what kind of punishment awaits you? -

- I… I don’t understand what you’re talking about! -

The teenager tried to say something, but the menacing gaze of the city's defender did not allow him to continue. Before he had time to say anything else, he was in the sky, a moment and he felt the wind hitting him in the back when blowing. There is a scream, the hood tilted back to reveal the guy's face, his dark hair fluttered in the wind, and tears began to flow from his black eyes ... Suddenly the fall stopped, the teenager felt himself flying up again ... but ... someone seemed to be holding him in his arms ...

- Well, will you answer !? -

The heroine growled at the boy, holding the boy in her arms, as soon as she let him go, everyone will forget about him forever.

- Enough! -

The guy screamed hoping it would work, but all he heard was a snide grin, before the guy had time to understand anything, he felt an unpleasant pain in the backside and between the legs ... The underwear stuck into him, he literally hung in the air, and the heroine held him by the garment of his underwear.

- Ouch! Oh my God! -

The boy whimpered in pain, it seemed a little bit and the linen would burst ...

- So that? Tell me? Or will we give it up when will your rainbow elastic band on the family members burst? -

Her causticity was both terrible and humiliating, I wanted to shout, call for help ... but what's the point ...

- ОК ОК! -

Young man understanding how this could end, because who wants to be smashed on the asphalt. Girl Fist slowly released him to the same place he was. He breathed slowly and shivered, his gaze went slowly over the figure of the heroine, tears prevented him from seeing the expression on the heroine's face, although at one moment he stopped at the diamond cut on the chest of the white suit, when he suddenly saw two snapping fingers in front of him.

- Hey Hey! My eyes are here! -

His eyes went higher, anger and impatience were read in her gaze ... Realizing that she was stronger, he did not slow down ...

- I work as a distributor of goods for a street gang, okay? -

- So already something ...-

The redhead came a little closer, the teenager felt tension and danger.

- I don't give a damn about the name, I wonder where they are -

The teenager hesitated, even with the danger of being injured, he did not want to lose money...

But the gaze of the redhead was enough to understand how real the danger is.

- I will show! I'll show them where okay?! Don't beat me! -

With these words, the boy put his hands forward in fear, as if hoping to stop the woman.

***

- Damn it Jacob! Why the hell did you not carry the goods !? -

A young man of Latin appearance contemptuously scolded the teenager, not knowing with whom he collaborated ...

- Boss ... I ... I just heard about the fact that "Girl Fist" is patrolling in those places ... you know you don't want her to kick my ass and ... -

- You are a damn coward! -

The man barked and slammed his fist on the table.

- You are afraid of a damn whore in a latex suit who is only to take pictures for porn magazines! -

If a man knew what would happen later, he would hardly have been so brave in his language, but now aggression was taking over him, the money was stronger ... The man, in fact, was incredibly afraid of meeting her ... and wanted like everyone else ... Suddenly the door was kicked out, there was a crack ... The teenager immediately rushed to the corner so as not to get under the shots of the bandits, the Latin did not understand anything, he rushed to the pistol and directed it towards the entrance ... at the moment everything stopped ... she stood in front of him ... long red hair, a tight white suit, imposing shapes and a short red cape ... Her eyes were burning from the use of the laser, her gaze was hellish ...

- Will you let go of your pistol yourself?" Or do you need help from "Porn Magazine Whore"? -

The frightened man instantly threw the weapon down, did not want to play with fate ...

- So ... Juan right? -

The drug dealer immediately nodded his head to confirm his name, but soon regretted it ... the figure of a woman with the speed of light was nearby, the moment her eyes light up red even more ... Juan understood ... this is the end ... A laser shot rang out ... The Latin man was trembling, covering himself with his hands, there were burning cuts from the laser on the back of the wall, the table was broken into two parts ... The room could almost be heard ... except for one ... hiss ... The man's gray business trousers became wetter and darker, urine flooded everything, pants, chair and floor ... The drug dealer was still trembling, tears were leaving his eyes ... Girl Fist looked down contemptuously, to her the man in front of her was a worm.

Even though he considered himself a successful mafioso, in fact he turned out to be a coward who pissed his pants on. A yellow puddle was accumulating at his feet, his pants were completely wet, a huge spot of urine was on them ... The man slowly removed his hands from his face, the heroine's gaze was not in the direction of his eyes, but below it was wet ... "OH MY GOD!" flashed through his head, hands immediately covered his groin, although there was no point in that, given the damage that was done to his pants ...

- Disgusting, and you also call yourself "Leader" -

The redhead walked away noticing a puddle flowing in her direction.

- Damn it dude! Stop pissing! Even your subordinates were bolder! Well ... almost ... I stepped into a puddle of one of the shooters...

He cried so much with fright ... and not only cried ... -

The woman exhaled releasing anger, she herself understood how sometimes she exaggerated during the execution of missions ...

- Okay listen to me -

Juan obediently lifted his gaze from shame and fear.

- Now you go home, change your pants, and then YOURSELF go to the police and don't try to leave ... I'll find out everything and then you're finished! -

The man instantly nodded, still unsuccessfully covering the huge spot on his pants and ran away, fearing to get a kick.

- So now you ... -

As soon as the woman turned to the teenager, she discovered a similar situation ... He trembled, sobbed, his hands covered his head, he squeezed against the wall, pressing his knees to his chest ... and a wet stain spread on his pants, a puddle of pale yellow was spreading under the boy's ass ... the heroine rolled her eyes ... - Oh my god... - ***

A 16-year-old girl was leaving the room, her narrow birch dress emphasized all forms, her red hair was well-groomed long. The party was a failure, my head ached, alcohol made itself felt unpleasantly ... Of course the worst thing is the guy who followed her ... The young man's gaze was brutally directed at the beauty's ass. Drunk, beautiful, fragile, the ingenious plan of lust was close to being fulfilled ... In the end, tomorrow from the drunk she will forget everything, and what will she do? A fragile girl. The blonde of the senior classes in a short time overcomes the distance between them, playful hands instantly grab the girl's buttocks...

- Hey! What the fuck !? -

Before the girl had time to be indignant, she was pressed against the wall, her hands had already moved to her elastic chest ...

- Fuck off you bastard !!! -

- Hush, hush, don't be afraid -

Hands are released lower and lower, a little more and the hem of the dress will lift up and open a view of the burgundy panties.

- You need problems !? Let go of your hands before I cripple you !!! -

But the guy did not listen, his cock in his pants was already resting on the girl's leg.

- Listen, do not resist, trust you will spend time with a high -

Suddenly a moment ... he suddenly feels like he is already knocking on the wall opposite, the girl has shaded her hands forward ... this means ...

- What have you ... pushed me? ... - He just couldn't believe ...

- This is your warning! Keep your dick in your pants! -

The girl answered rudely, heading for the exit from the building, but the young man did not calm down ... There was a slap in the corridor ... the girl grabbed her butt, blushing and gasping in surprise ... The redhead slowly turned back, an arrogant smile played on her classmate's face ... The girl's fist was slowly clenched ... The guy's eyes widened with fear ... the girl's fist that was aimed in his direction hit the wall ... a few centimeters from him ... my knees suddenly became wadded, everything inside was cold from fear ... With a crash, the young man fell, his hands trembled, the girl came a little closer. In horror, the guy looked up, her furious eyes were directed in his direction, he slowly began to crawl back ...

- What? Scared? -

The guy has already started to whimper trying to crawl as far as possible. The girl suddenly stopped, her nose sniffing at the strange smell ... The gaze rushed to the guy between the legs, then the redhead moved away so as not to wet his heels in a puddle ... With a hiss, the pants darkened, a puddle immediately gathered around the guy's ass ...

- Mmm ... that's what your dick is still capable of ... just piss in your pants ... -

The young man instantly covered the stain and ran away, the girl ironically noticed that the ass was getting wet more in the sitting position ... there was a huge wet spot on the ass ...

***

But the teenager was not the same classmate, just a boy that went the wrong way ... the girl's fingers dropped onto the boy's shoulder. The frightened child raised tear-stained eyes to the girl...

Trying to look more often at the cutout on the chest ...

- Listen, I won't tell anyone, calm down ok? -

The boy nodded, he was ashamed to wet himself like that in front of a woman, but on the other hand ... he believed in her sincerity.

- Come on ... I don't know where you live ... it's already morning, let me ... well ... bring you home -

If the boy knew what she meant by this, he would not agree ... Fly on the back of a famous heroine? It's humiliating! And especially at such a height ... The morning city was magnificent, everyone was asleep, silence ... The young man felt the cold wind, there was an unpleasant sensation in his groin from wet pants ... and how did she decide to put him on his back? Her suit is going to be wet ... she'll have to change ... bare her boobs ... ass ... that stand out so much in this outfit ...

He closes his eyes and folds his head on her ... her scent ... soft skin ... how he wants to see her naked ... on the bed ... with bare breasts, that big bare ass ... - ... I ... I hope that this ... organ that rests against me will remain in your pants ... -

The guy blushes, opening his eyes ...

- Anyway ... is this your home? -

The address is like that ... - In front of the heroine and the teenager was a brick, old, shabby multi-storey building ... It seemed a little bit more and it would collapse ...

- Yes ... I'm on the fifth -

The teenager answered in a voice low from tension. The girl lets the guy go to the fire escape near the open window.

- Well, thanks... - The guy stumbled trying not to let the woman notice his erection, but the heroine herself was gone.

"Well, evening ..."

The guy was thinking while washing his pants. Having changed into pajamas, the guy left the bathroom heading for the unfolded sofa. The young man covered himself with a blanket ... then hugged a 25-year-old woman nearby ... It's not just that he started making money in this industry ... The older sister who took him from the alcoholic's father when she just turned 18 was like a mother to him ... he tried to help her as best he could ... but had to start drug trafficking ... falling asleep, he feels like the brunette hugs him back. A smirk plays on her lips ...

"Oh my little fool ... wherever you work, finish with this." A thought rushes through her, addressed to her younger brother, not knowing that this chapter of his life is over ... he just needed to wet himself with fear ...

