Pokemon the Next Generation - Page 4

Author: Raisuga

*075*2014-02-18 01:46

Chapter Nine - Goals

Despite the depressing start to their journeys, Lucas couldn't help but smile at least a little. He was finally going to live his dream of travelling with his new friends and his pokemon. As Lucas looked at Leanne and Derek, he couldn't help but notice that they must have been feeling the same thing judging from the smiles on their faces. Of course they were worried about the professor, however they all knew that he wouldn't have wanted them to wait in town because of him.

As they walked along Route One, they took in the sights of all the pidgey and rattata that flew and scurried about. Some were playing, some gathering food, and some even fighting over a spot near an oak tree. It was when they saw a random pidgey land right in front of them when the three of them remembered something important.

"Oh no, guys! We don't have any pokeballs!" Leanne stated. It was true, considering that they didn't get their pokeballs from Gary due to the circumstances. "We're gonna have to stop at the pokemon mart in Viridian City if we are going to catch any pokemon!" As she spoke, she pulled out her wallet and started counting her money. "I have about five hundred and fifty dollars saved up... how about you two?"

The boys took out their wallets and started counting. Derek had two thousand exactly, stating that his dad gave it to him as a gift. When Lucas looked in his wallet, however, he couldn't help but stare in shock. Sai, who was rather curious at the sudden change in emotion, decided to speak up.

What's wrong, Light? Don't tell me you left your money in your dresser again!

No... No I have money... But that's the thing! I shouldn't have THIS much! Luke replied, still staring into his wallet. Noticing his behavior, Leanne and Derek both walk over to him. Leanne was the first to speak.

"Everything okay?" she asked, sneaking a peak into his wallet only to have her jaw drop and pull Derek over to her where he could see as well, causing a similar effect to him.

"Geez Luke! You could've told us you were loaded! There must be like fifteen grand in your wallet!" Derek exclaimed, still staring into his wallet. Luke just looked at him slightly annoyed yet still shocked.

"I shouldn't even HAVE that much in there! I only put about a thousand in there to start with!" Luke said, suddenly turning to Sai. "You wouldn't happen to have anything to do with this... would you?!" Sai shook his head and spoke over their mental link.

No! I swear I didn't do anything! Honest! Although I do remember your mom messing with your wallet last night while you were all sleeping... Sai said defensively. Thanks to the link between them, he could tell that Sai was being honest. Suddenly, Leanne reaches over to Luke's wallet, who instictively shuts it and pulls it away from her.

"What're you doing?!" Luke asked harshly. Leanne suddenly put her hands up and stared at him.

"Sorry! I just noticed a piece of paper in between a couple of the bills..." She replied.

"Well, you could've just told me first..." He said, opening his wallet to pull out the piece of folded paper Leanne was talking about. As he unfolded it, he realized it was a letter from his mom:

To my little rising star,

I've been saving this up for your journey for quite some time now. I hope it will come in handy. I think your best bet would be to go to a pokemon center and get a travel card account with it. Keep about one thousand five hindred on you personally in case you go somewhere that only takes cash. They will give you all the information you need when you apply for one. Tell Derek and Leanne that they should open one up too.

Love Mom

P.S. I baked some cookies and put them in your bag for you three to snack on. Enjoy!

He continued to stare at the letter for about another three minutes before folding it back up neatly and putting it in his pocket. Once he put his wallet back, he told them what his mother did for him. They were both smiling when he finished.

"You have a really cool mom, you know that?!" Leanne said, still smiling.

"Yeah I do! But fifteen thousand! Geez that would hold me over for a while!" Luke replied, still looking at his wallet, which was bulging from all the money inside of it. Suddenly, he thought of a pretty cool idea. "Hey you guys! What if we all took my mom's advice, only we got a shared account?!" They both gave him a puzzled look.

"What do you mean, Luke?" Leanne asked.

"Why not pool all of our money together into one account and get three cards that link to it?!" Luke suggested. Leanne seemed to be okay with it, however Derek seemed a little hesitant. "I mean, it's not like we're gonna split up or anything, right? Besides, it's easier to keep track of one large amount rather than three different amounts." With that, Derek seems to accept the idea and hands Lucas the money. Leanne quickly follows suit.

As they continued to walk down Route One, they begin to talk about their dreams. Luke was the first to answer.

"Well call it cliche if you want, but I want to be a Master Trainer like Ash! That's always been my dream since I was little!" Luke exclaimed, throwing a fist in the air. Leanne giggled a little and ran ahead of them, doing a little twirl.

"I want to become a Coordinator and travel to Hoenn to compete in the Grand Festival!" She then explained how coordinators train their pokemon in their own type of battle, where there's a time limit and they have to attack not with power, but with style. The more unique the combination, the more points they earn. She even explained that some pokemon even won a match when they were knocked out, because they earned more points than their opponent did. It's all about how well the pokemon executes their moves and how stylish they look during the execution.

Finally, it was Derek's turn. "My goal... well really I haven't thought about it..." He told them, looking up at the sky as if the answer will drop down to him.

"Aww come on Derek! There must be SOMETHING!" Luke tells him, patting him on the back.

"Well... I guess, if anything, it's just to travel with my friends and experience many different things. I mean yeah, I want to earn my gym badges and maybe enter a contest or two... But as far as goals go, I believe I have already achieved that by just travelling with you two!" He said, smiling at them.

By the time the sun had started to set, they had reached Viridian City. Figuring that they would leave the sight-seeing until tomorrow, all three of them headed for the pokemon center to get a room and set up their travel card account. Once Luke told the banker about his request, he gave him a quizzical look, but still gave him all three cards. Once that was in order, they went to the main counter and rented a room for the night. Once they got to their room, Luke gave each of them one card and a thousand dollars.

"It's a little less than what Mom said... but she said that we should keep cash on us at all times. Oh and the account has fourteen thousand five hundred and fifty dollars in it." Luke told them as he grabbed his bed clothes and walked into the bathroom to get dressed. Once he was done, he noticed that Derek was cherry red again and Leanne was already changed into a night gown for bed. Sai was sitting on his and Luke's bed laughing so hard that he was rolling around and could hardly breathe.

Finally, they all settled into bed. Derek read a book for a little bit and Luke decided to break out a sketch book and pencil. Leanne was already asleep and cuddled next to her was Eevee and Pichu. Derek kept looking over from time to time.

"Can you believe him?!" Derek said, smiling and pointing over at Pichu. "He's such a little traitor!" Luke couldn't help but laugh a little. Sai, who was asleep next to him, curled up and sighed a little. Finally giving in, he puts the sketchbook on his nightstand and puts his arm around Sai and falls asleep.

*076*2014-02-27 14:13

Sad to say that due to my computer giving me the Blue Screen of Death, I can only access omo.org from my phone and cannot continue the story until I can get it fixed. It shouldn't take too long and I apologize for the inconvenience. I WILL try to write a short story from my phone ( a request involving Dawn and Serena) although I can't make any promises
