Contest amongst Sisters (Quintessential Quintuplets Fanfiction)

Author: Omotaku

*000*2022-08-09 22:36

Foreword:

This is my first English Omorashi story. I’m not a native English speaker. Please be considerate.

Enjoy!

______

It was an ordinary Saturday evening at Nakano Pentagon where the five sisters live together. Tutoring was over and the quintuplets had gathered to watch the premiere of Ichika's commercial, which airs tonight for the first time.

With her payment she bought snacks and canned drinks for all to enjoy, while waiting for her ad. A week ago, Ichika was invited to shoot an advertisement for company that sells female hygiene products.

“The company you worked for... what exactly do they do?” Nino asked.

“A bit of everything. The Company is focused on hygiene products like sanitary napkins, tampons, adult diapers for girls. I just had to jump around a bit and give a smile to the camera. The rest are probably computer animations “

“Wait a second… did you say diapers… for girls?!“

“I mean why not?” Itsuki interrupted “some girls even in our age have problems with holding their bladder “

“You mean girls like Yotsuba?“ Nino teased.

“Hello? I’m here too…” Yotsuba said “and I can hold my pee like other girls.“

“You definitely have the weakest bladder of us“ Miku said

“That is not fair“ Yotsuba sulks

“Let‘s face the facts“ Nino said again

“Give me a chance to prove myself “

“I think there is no way for you to prove that“

Yotsuba is kind of sad about that but Itsuki has an idea.

“Maybe there is a way… We could agree not to go to the toilet until Ichika’s commercial airs and see who can hold it for the longest time“

“I‘m fine with that“ Yotsuba said.

“Wait… Are you serious? It will air at 10:15 pm… so at least 90 minutes until then“

“Why not? Sounds fun“ Ichika said.

“Nino is afraid of losing“ Miku said

“Of course not but the loser has to take a punishment“ Nino said.

So they all agreed to the Rules.

1. No one is allowed to go to the toilet.

2. At the beginning of the game and every twenty minutes, everybody has to drink a glass of water or other drink

3. After the commercial every girl is allowed to go to the toilet again

4. After a participant wets herself, she doesn’t have to drink anymore

5. A rule can be only be overridden if everyone votes for it

Start of the competition: First 20 minutes

While the game starts everybody has a different urge to pee.

Yotsuba doesn't have to pee

Nino doesn't have to pee

Ichika doesn't have to pee

Miku has a little urge to pee

Itsuki has a little urge to pee

For drinks:

Yotsuba drinks Orange Juice

Nino drinks Coke

Ichika drinks Sparkling wine

Miku drinks Matcha Soda

Itsuki drinks Iced Tea

“We could watch TV an while waiting“ Itsuki reminded.

Everybody agrees. The TV program wasn't anything special besides some night time Anime. Yotsuba and Miku were quit Interested in watching but the others were more intrigued in talking.

“Do you think it is really okay to drink alcohol? “ Itsuki asked.

"Actually, I'm not old enough, but we drink it after every shoot anyway. And I got this bottle as a gift from the company's CEO. It would be a waste not to drink it“

The first twenty minutes passed and the urge to pee of Miku and Ichika, thanks to the alcohol, rised.

The second round - everybody choses the same drink as before.

“A second glass?” Nino asked “Won’t you get drunk?”

“Well of course not!” but Ichika has another Problem by now. She always forgets that alcohol always makes her want to pee but she wanted to impress her sisters a bit. While watching anime, Miku also had a big urge to pee now. And her second matcha soda didn't do her any good. She seriously thought about going to the toilet, but the competition forbids her.

“How long until your commercial? “ Miku asked

“Why do you ask?“ Ichika responded “I can‘t say it for sure but at least 1 hour I think“

“Do you have to pee?" Itsuki asked. Relieved that she isn't the only one.

„No… only a bit“

“Actually I have to go too“ Ichika said. “The alcohol shows its effects“

“Maybe the game was a stupid idea… we should just go to the toilet“ Itsuki said

“Hold on!” Nino and Yotsuba interrupt at the same time “We said that we can‘t go to the toilet until the commercial airs“

“But holding it for at least one hour? Miku and Ichika have to pee… and me too“

“Not our problem“, Nino said “this is a battle between us sisters. If you lose it you have to pee your pants“

“Pee my pants?! No way, right?” Itsuki responded

Nino and the other girls nodded, realizing that they could regret the contest. “Shouldn’t we than sit on the ground if we have to… pee our pants?” Itsuki asked

“This would be better for you I guess” Nino said

In the last 5 minutes of the round, they moved the furniture away and sit in a circle on the ground.

Third round: 40 out of at least 90 minutes already in the contest.

After the third drink Miku really has to pee. It‘s the same feeling she had two years ago. When she was 15 years old, she peed her pants in middle school on the way home after she got detention. She never told anyone. She knows that there is no way that she can hold it for 40 minutes.

“What exactly does the loser have to do?“ Miku asked while a spurt escapes into her blue and white panties

“Let‘s see. The loser has to do the cleaning“ Yotsuba said.

Mikus face got red and she has to put her hands in her crotch.

“Is it going to be you?“ Nino teased

“Shut up! Look at Ichika. She is struggling too“

That‘s true. After the third glass, her bottle of sparkling wine was nearly empty and Ichika is a bit drunk. She doesn't have good control over her bladder now and really has to pee.

“So, the first loser will be Miku or Ichika, right…right?” Yotsuba said.

In this moment Itsuki is happy that she isn’t the first one to potentially wet herself but after her third drink her bladder is very full. Itsuki always tries to be a good sister for everyone. When the five girls come back from school she always waits until everyone used the bathroom before she does which led to some close calls in the past but she probably has the most trained bladder of the girls. But if she can still hold it for at least 45 minutes? That's the question.

In the meantime Miku can‘t even enjoy the Anime on the TV because she has it the Worst. She is literally on the verge of pissing herself. She knows that she is about to lose. She can only hope that maybe Ichika fails to stand a chance against her bladder. Some spurts already went in her pink panties because she couldn’t stop it. Not noticeable on her skirt though.

“I really really need to pee…“ Miku whispered.

"Then just pee yourself“ Ichika said

"Yeah just pee and lose the game“ Nino agrees.

"No way. I’m not going to just pee myself on purpose“ Miku said but as soon as she said that she groans softly leaking visible amount of pee in her skirt. Her sisters all notice this immediately, turning their attention to Miku.

“Look look… Miku peed…she really peed herself“ Yotsuba yelled

Miku squirms, aware of everyone’s eyes on her as she clenches her fists on her skirt, and rubbing her thighs together, trying to do anything that she can to delay her accident.

"I‘m sorry Miku…“ Itsuki said worrying about her own bladder

Miku isn‘t able to stop the leaking. A thin stream running down her legs, but she can’t hold back anymore.

"Please no…“ Miku whines. The slow gush of pee, streaming down her legs and puddling on the floor while her green skirt turns darker. She hangs her head in shame.

"Don't worry about it“ Ichika said „I've already leaked into my underwear myself“

"Well...drunk girls always say the truth, right?" Miku points out and feeling a bit relieved she is not the only one.

"I'm sorry. I guess I lost this one. I admit my defeat" Miku sighs

"You will not be the last one" Yotsuba said

"How do you know it's not going to be you?" Nino replies "You are shaking your legs too"

"You noticed that?! But you didn't finish your drink yet. We all finished our third drink expect you" Yotsuba countered.

Nino feels like she's being attacked. She took her glass and Drinks the Rest of it in one gulp "See. No problem for me”.

"Then you can down your next drink in in one gulp too, right?

"Euh... Of course, I can" says the Tsundere "But I'm not going to do it because of you"

"Yeah, sure…" the other girls thought

The fourth round is about to start: 60 minutes in the contest.

"Ichika... You can't drink another glass... You are seriously about to get drunk" Itsuki worries

"Yeah, you are right... I can't hold in anymore anyway”

In this moment she pulls her hands back from her skirt as she starts to let a little leak out. She is surprised by just how excited she feels, especially knowing that all of her sisters are watching her but there is not stopping this leak anymore until has turned into a full stream. A warm puddle is spreading on the ground where Ichika sits and her green skirt turns darker exactly like Mikus. This warm feeling also makes her kind of horny. She can't explain why. "I guess I came in fourth place" says Ichika when she finally stopped peeing herself.

The last 30 Minutes start and Itsuki is the first one drinking her next glass. She feels a spurt escape as she takes a sip, and then another after the next sip. This is definitely not looking good for her, and she can already feel how wet her white panties have become. But she managed to get her bladder under control.

The next one is Nino. She wants to show that she is not afraid of losing and drinks her Coke in one gulp. Though the idea of drinking an entire glass on her already full bladder seems a bad idea. She crosses her legs to avoid worse.

Yotsuba is the last one. Like Itsuki she drinks her Juice fairly slow. She is really shaking her legs right now. But at least she can’t come in last place anymore.

The room is filled with silence, only anime music from the TV plays in the background. Even the grumpy Nino is pretty silent at the moment but Miku breaks the ice.

"Is it okay to get a towel.... I'm sitting in my puddle for quite a while now"

The girls nodded as response.

After Miku got some towels and giving one to Ichika they both wipe the floor but stayed in their wet clothes. They probably didn’t want to strip and show their wet panties to the other sisters.

While Miku mops up her puddle, she sees that her sisters are obviously all struggling with their bladders “you still have around 25 minutes to go, are you sure we shouldn’t stop the contest? I would be fine with it” she points out. Surprisingly it is Itsuki who replies “I had the idea for the contest… now I want to bring it to an end without giving up”, “Itsuki is right… We won’t stop” Nino and Yotsuba agree. They obviously didn’t want to give up and the rules say that they need the approval of every participant to discontinue the rules.

The last 10 minutes of the fourth round were absolute hell.

Each girl is dealing with her own struggle, waiting for the last minutes until Ichikas commercial. There is nothing that they can do to pass the time really. Soon enough, it is no longer possible for to hold their pee it inconspicuous. Nino, Yotsuba und Itsuki doing clearly visible things to hold it better.

Although Itsuki has the best bladder of the girls but she is obviously struggling with its maximum capacity. Her bladder is absolutely full so that she must hold her hands into her crotch to not leak. Nino is crossing her legs hoping that no one realizes how much she actually has to pee. Also, Yotsuba is trembling her legs and already leaked a little bit in her childish panties.

It also comes close with Nino springing a quick leak but then immediately put a stop, before it can turn into anything else.

“The next round is about to start” Miku says.

“This is horrible... my bladder is so full...I can’t drink anymore“ Itsuki said

Though she has managed to fight much longer than she ordinarily would have been willing to, and though she has pushed her limits far past what she ever thought was possible, her ability to withstand the flood inside of her falters more and more, until her legs shaking beneath her, and a desperate cry escaping her lips as her bladder finally gives in... “I can’t… hold it anymore! Please... oh no...” Itsuki groans, the other girls watching her, not yet realizing that it is already happening. With all of her layers, it takes a bit for it to finally come through, but then, it manages to soak past her white panties and her skirt forming a dark patch on it that becomes visible. She still holds her hands in her crotch also peeing trough her hands. Her puddle is clearly the largest of the girls and almost hitting Nino who sits next to her.

"Hey, can you stop now?!" Nino yelled and stood up to evade Itsuki’s pee stream, releasing another spurt of pee in her purple panties.

But Itsuki’s bladder is still crying for relief... Her skirt is already so wet. Without trying to hold anymore, Itsuki groans as she led out all of her bladder’s content.

"Wow... So much pee...” Miku astonished

Itsuki cries when she finally stopped after one Minute of straight peeing

"Don't cry Itsuki... It's okay... You did your best…"

But she didn’t cry because she wet herself…

"It felt so good but it's so embarrassing…"

Itsuki definitely has the most wet skirt of them all. Her pee went from top to bottom and front to back. Miku gave Itsuki a towel to mop the entire floor.

“That will be a big laundry” Miku thoughts.

So it's the final battle Yotsuba and Nino.

Start of the last round: 80 minutes in the contest.

Yotsuba is the first to drink her juice. Suddenly, she felt a strong wave, and pressure began building up direcly from her bladder. She practically exploded - a hot, wet stream of urine poured down her legs. She drops her hands, managing to keep her skirt out of the way so that it does not get wet, her legs still getting soaked before she straightens her stance, spreading them so that she can piss straight down on the ground. The stream continued to flow onto the floor, spreading out into a large puddle beneath her.

“So close…” Yotsuba cries

“You did really good in this game, but you can't win against me” Nino splurges

But Nino still does have to drink her Coke. Once she finished, she placed the empty glass down and smiled. She was reaching her limits but is only a few minutes away from using the toilet. She did, feel another hot spurt of pee leak out into her panties. She can feel how wet her panties have become but luckily its not visible from the outside. Turning from purple to dark purple.

She looks at the TV waiting for Ichika’s commercial to finally air. 15 minutes passed and its now 10:20 pm with Nino giving everything in her might to not pee herself.

"When does it finally comes? It’s five minutes late“ Nino asked impatiently having to hold her hands in her crotch.

“It must come every second” Ichika answered…

In this moment Ichika got a message from her manager. The commercial is delayed and will be postponed to tomorrow afternoon

“WHAAAT?!“ Nino reacted upset

In this moment she stood up and doubled over, moaning in desperation as she hopped from foot to foot. She crossed and uncrossed her legs, and froze in place. Soon a dark spot spread out across Nino’s skirt and started streaming down her legs. It began to splatter as her stream hitting the floor.

When Nino finally finished, she looked down at her puddle while her cheeks became red... “Screw this! I would have made it to the toilet of course if your commercial aired properly“

She closed her eyes and looked away from the girls...

“...now get me a towel... and a towel for Yotsuba too. She is still crying and sitting in her own puddle...”

...

“...And by the way… I still won!“

THE END

Placements:

1. Nino (winner)

2. Yotsuba

3. Itsuki

4. Ichika

5. Miku (loser)

____

Afterword:

Hello again, I hope you enjoyed this story of the 5 Quintuplets making a pee holding contest.

A friendly reminder Please take a look at the rules 1, 3 and 5 again

1. No one is allowed to go to the toilet.

3. After the commercial every girl is allowed to go to the toilet again

5. A rule can be only be overridden if everyone votes for it

Do you want a continuation of the contest since Ichika’s commercial is delayed for another day and according to the rule 5 “A rule can be only be overridden if everyone votes for it” the girls technically aren’t allowed to go to the toilet yet.

