Pissy Julie's morning commute

Author: sj420

*000*2013-01-26 17:24

The commuter train jerked forward abruptly as it departed from the station. Julie pressed both hands hard into her crotch to keep from losing bladder control. Even with her purse sitting on her lap to hide it, she was sure that the people around her could tell she was touching herself inappropriately, but she was beyond caring. She had been crossing her legs and shifting in her seat for the past half an hour--surely anyone paying attention to her in the crowded morning train car already knew that she was on the verge of peeing in her pants.

"Just two more stops to go," she told herself. Julie shifted her left leg underneath of her and sat on the heel of her black pump. It offered some temporary relief to her straining bladder.

In the wake of her wetting in the office a couple of weeks prior, Julie's long-suppressed urges to push her bladder to its limit and beyond in public places had been fully awakened. She never even considered using a toilet anymore unless it was an absolute emergency. Plus, she was intentionally guzzling water, tea, and coffee in copious amounts.

Just like in high school, these habits were making her accident prone. She had already soaked herself twice on the way home from work, both times in front of dozens of strangers. Also like high school, she would not go home to change clothes after a wetting--that was cheating. As a consequence, she spent both evenings sheepishly running errands in her blatantly soiled clothes while cashiers and customers gawked at her.

Doing her evening grocery shopping in pee-soaked clothes was one thing, but showing up for work in the morning wearing them was another. For that reason, this was the first time she had ever dared risk a holding challenge on the commute into work.

Like most nights since the re-ignition of her fetish, she had spent the previous evening on watersports websites posting about her wetting adventures and chatting with other members about theirs. She went to sleep the previous night fantasizing about different outfits and situations in which she might get desperate and wet herself.

As a result, Julie was feeling particularly naughty this morning. She put on one of her favorite pairs of pants--form-fitting light gray dress slacks--and couldn't help but immediately think about how they would look with dark, glistening pee streaks running down both legs. The thought made her so aroused. She wanted to wet these pants really badly, but that would have to wait until later in the evening.

On her way out the door, Julie grabbed her typical large bottled water to drink on the train and a devilish thought occurred to her. She couldn't pee in her pants before work, but she could still have some desperate fun. She opened the bottle and chugged the contents until they were gone. Then she re-filled the bottle from the kitchen sink tap and drank the contents again. Surely she could handle making it to work after just two bottles of water plus the two cups of coffee she had drank earlier. If she couldn't manage that, she reasoned, she deserved to spend her whole work day in wet pants. She refilled the bottle again to drink on the trip and left the house with a mischievous smile on her face.

Now there were 15 minutes remaining in the train ride to work, and Julie was beginning to think she had over-estimated her holding capacity. She began to bounce up and down on her heel as the short-lived numbness of sitting on it began to wear off and she felt the intense pressure of her bladder again. Why did she always do this to herself? Julie had no idea what she was going to do if she couldn't hold on.

She had been able to successfully play her wetting after the morning meeting off as a simple error in judgement, albeit a humiliating one. Her team was amused by the idea of their manager wetting her pants at work. They openly teased her about it, but in some ways they were more comfortable with her now. Her boss was clearly much more disgusted with her, but he did not say anything beyond impatiently asking her to clean up her mess and sit on a plastic bag the rest of the day to avoid ruining her office chair.

Julie knew she couldn't pee in her pants at work again so soon. She knew all too well how quickly a group of people could stop looking at pee accidents as a laughable quirk and begin treating you like a outcast because of them.

The first few times Julie had noticeably pissed herself in high school had not been a big deal either. She had been discretely wetting her panties under skirts and intentionally letting out spurts of pee into her black jeans during the school day dating back to junior high. No one had ever caught her.

One day early in her sophomore year, however, Julie had gotten distracted during a busy day and completely forgotten to pee between classes. Lunch was only one class away, so she decided to cross her legs and try to hold on for one more period. Julie desperately squirmed in her seat trying to hold back the flood, but as she felt the first warm spurt of pee begin to leak into her panties with 20 minutes to go before the bell, she knew she wasn't going to make it to lunch. Julie was wearing dark blue jeans. They could cover up some damage, but she knew they were not dark enough to hide a major accident.

She raised her hand and pleaded with her teacher for a bathroom pass, but he told her to wait until the lesson was done. The next 10 minutes seemed like an eternity as Julie fidgeted frantically trying to keep her bladder from bursting in the middle of class. Every minute or so, she could feel more damp warmth escape into her panties. Finally, the teacher stopped talking and let the class begin work on their homework assignment. He beckoned Julie to the front of the room to collect her bathroom pass.

She could barely move without leaking as she awkwardly waddled to the teacher's desk and down the hall to the restroom. She had to keep her legs tightly together and stop every few feet to keep from losing control. With every ginger step she could feel pee sloshing around in her bladder. She had barely pushed open the girls' bathroom door when she felt a hot flood burst into her panties and begin to run down her legs. She quickly ran into an open stall and began to fight with her belt, but all the while she could feel a torrent of warmth running down the thighs of her tight jeans. By the time she got her belt undone, she could feel her socks and shoes become engulfed in the flood.

The relief of finally emptying her aching bladder plus the familiar feeling of warm pee soaking her clothes triggered a sensual explosion in Julie. Her pulse raced and she became weak at the knees. As her shoes filled with urine and a puddle spread below her feet in the stall, she stopped struggling to get her jeans off and began rubbing her crotch through her soaking wet pants. pee dripped off of her fingers as she massaged her throbbing clitoris through the tight, glistening denim. She leaned against the wall of the bathroom stall as she rubbed faster--the fabric hissing with the force of her pee stream as she rubbed. As the flow of pee finally stopped, she climaxed.

After Julie caught her breath, she had to figure out what to do about her predicament. Her jeans, socks, and shoes were completely saturated in urine and she was only half way through the school day. Julie knew her mom would never leave work to come and get her because she peed her pants--she was way too old for that. If she skipped the rest of her classes without an excused absence, she would fail her math test that afternoon. Plus, she would have to walk across town in her wet pants to get home.

She began to think that her best option may be to go back to class and try to pretend like nothing happened. After all, she had gotten her pants so completely soaked that there was no obvious wet patch--she thought maybe no one would notice. Julie poured the pee out of her shoes and wrung out her socks. She dabbed at her jeans with paper towels as best she could, but decided they were a lost cause after the tenth paper towel came up yellow and soaked with no discernible improvement to the state of her pants. Her sneakers squelched noticeably as she walked back to class drenched from the waist down.

Julie hadn't even sloshed her soaked jeans into her seat when she began to hear the whispering and giggling spread through the classroom. All the rest of the day she dealt with staring and teasing, but it wasn't as bad as she feared it would be. Mostly her classmates just made fun of her about her being a baby and needing diapers. Meanwhile, she passed her math test and enjoyed the feeling of the soaked pants against her skin all afternoon. She felt free, like her secret was finally out in the open and she loved the naughtiness of spending her whole day in pee-soaked pants.

In a couple of weeks, the incident was nothing more than a running joke--yesterday's news to her classmates. Of course, the memory of the intense orgasm she had experienced in the bathroom stall as she peed in her pants stuck with Julie much longer.

As the train lurched to a stop, Julie felt the first warm spurt dampen her panties. She moved her heel out from underneath her and instead tightly crossed her left leg over her right. More pee escaped during the shift, leaving her underwear warm and wet. The office was still one more train stop and a four-block walk away. She bounced up and down anxiously in her seat, willing the train to begin moving again.

Just then, she heard a familiar voice over her shoulder. "Hey Julie, I didn't know you take this train in the morning."

She turned her head to see Sara's smiling face behind her. Of all the luck ... Sara had been witness to Julie's previous work accident. It was beginning to look like she would have a front-row seat to another wetting.

Julie tried to steady her voice as she replied, "Yeah, I do. It's always so crowded, we must have always just missed each other."

"Are you feeling OK?" Sara asked. "You look really flushed."

"Yeah, I'm fine," Julie said through gritted teeth. "I just need the restroom."

"Oh..." Sara said as she peeked at Julie's contorted legs. She gave a smile and a knowing nod. "Are you going to be alright this time?"

"I hope so," Julie said weakly as the train began to move again. She leaned forward and buried her hand in her crotch.

"I felt so bad for you the other morning at work," Sara said. "I still can't believe you wore that skirt all day."

Great, Julie thought, now everyone in earshot knows I wet my pants at work. "Yeah," she mumbled in reply.

Julie closed her eyes and clenched muscles as tightly as she could. The light fabric of her dress slacks felt soft and comforting pressed tightly against her legs. For several minutes, Julie squirmed in her seat in focused silence--eyes closed, legs tightly crossed, shifting every few seconds. Her bladder ached, but she avoided more leakage.

"Almost there," Sara said reassuringly, breaking the long silence.

Julie opened her eyes and saw that their stop was only a minute away. She stood up to make her way to the door and immediately felt warmth spread in her panties. she reflexively bent over and pressed her thighs together, but it took her a few seconds to choke off the flow. Julie's whole crotch felt warm and wet--she dared not move or check her pants for damage.

Now that she was on her feet, Julie had to contend with keeping her balance as the train moved. When it reached her station, the car came to a sudden stop and jerked her forward. The sudden violent motion nearly knocked her over. The flow began again--this time she could feel stray drops begin to run down her thighs before she could stop it.

Sara began to make her way to the door through the sea of passengers. Julie followed in her wake, keeping her thighs clamped tightly together as she waddled through the car. For the first time, Julie was grateful that Sara was there. She never would have made it through the crowd without completely wetting herself if she had been alone.

Julie followed Sara through the doors of the train and onto the platform. Sara stopped and turned to face her. "I've never used the restrooms here. Do you know where they are?"

Julie shook her head. She bent double and hopped from foot to foot as she scanned the station for a bathroom sign. Her wet inner thighs felt a cold chill in the open air of the platform. Julie knew that her leakage earlier must have soaked through her pants.

Her mind raced. She could barely concentrate with her bladder so full. Plus, she was still super aroused and wet. Her eyes barely processed what they were seeing as she frantically looked around for a bathroom.

Warmth began to engulf her underwear again. This time, Julie chose not to fight it. She relaxed and looked down as a glistening dark patch began to spread rapidly down both legs. Sara gasped as Julie stopped fidgeting and stood upright while an obvious wet patch continued to grow on her light-grey dress pants. pee streamed from the inseams of her pant legs and on to the concrete below her feet as a puddle began to form and spread. Both women's eyes were fixated on Julie's slacks.

Julie closed her eyes and reveled in the sensation. Her toes were swimming in the warm flood that was filling her heels. The soft fabric of her dress slacks felt as good as she imagined all morning as they clung tightly to her ass and thighs in their warm, soaking wet state. Julie wanted to rub herself through her soaked underwear, but she knew she couldn't on a public train platform.

"Oh my God," Sara said, eyes still glued to Julie's pants. "Do you at least have a change of clothes this time?"

Julie shook her head. The flow finally reduced to a trickle and then stopped. Julie lowered her eyes to her slacks. The dark-grey pee streaks ran all the way down both her legs and her feet were now completely submerged in warm urine within her pumps. Her clitoris ached with desire. Julie stood there in a haze of her own pleasure--oblivious to the many strangers that had caught sight of the spectacle that were now staring at her.

Sara grabbed Julie's hand. "Come on," she said as she led Julie away from the train platform and toward a secluded wall of the station. Julie's shoes squelched as she walked.

"I'm sorry I keep doing this in front of you," Julie said. "Clearly I need to drink less coffee in the morning ... or just start wearing diapers."

"If you want to call in sick today, I promise I won't tell anyone," Sara offered as they settled into a corner out of obvious sight. "You'd have to figure out how to get home, but at least you wouldn't have to walk into the office like that."

"Thanks Sara, that's sweet," Julie said. Of course Sara was right--she should just call in sick. Julie knew that going to work in this state would just lead to lots of humiliation and probably setback her career. Why did the thought of just going home leave her feeling so unfulfilled?

"You look disappointed," Sara said with the hint of a smile. "You know it will make just as good a story if you don't go into the office, right?"

"Huh?"

"When you write it up tonight," Sara said. "You posted a story about your last wetting. I can only assume you'll write about one as epic as this ... PissyJ28."

Julie just stared at Sara, who was smiling coyly back at her. The pit of Julie's stomach dropped. No one had ever called her by her online moniker. Finally, she stuttered out, "You read online wetting forums?"

"Yeah, I was actually planning to post about your wetting a couple weeks ago. When I saw your write up of it, I nearly died. Can you believe the odds? You're a really good writer, by the way."

"Thanks," Julie mumbled, still not quite believing her ears. She began to wonder if she was still dreaming. "So ... you are into this?"

"Well, clearly not as much as you are," Sara said. "I could never pee my pants at work ... and some of the stories from when you were in school I could barely believe anyone would put themselves through."

"Yeah, I do get carried away sometimes," Julie said with a smile as she looked down at her slacks, which were now cooling down and beginning to chill her thighs. The dark wet patches down both her legs were extremely pronounced now against the light grey fabric. She shifted her weight and felt the pool of urine in her shoes slosh. "You probably think I'm completely nuts now, right?"

"I don't know how you can do this in public and then go about your day as if nothing happened. Don't you care that everyone is going to stare at you?"

"Oh, I care," Julie said. "I guess holding and wetting is just more exciting when I know I'm going to be in trouble if I don't make it. It's just not the same thing if I do it when there's no risk of anyone finding out. Does that make any sense at all?"

"A little," Sara said. "So, you actually wanted to pee yourself today?"

"Not exactly," Julie said. "I was just challenging myself to hold it as long as I could. I thought I could make it."

"But you didn't bring anything to change into if you didn't?"

"No," Julie said sheepishly.

"You should really think about calling in sick," Sara said. "Your pants are soaked. What are you going to tell everyone?"

"I don't know ... that I peed my pants."

Sara laughed. "I think they'll figure that one out on their own."

"Yeah, you're right," Julie said with a smile. "I don't know, the thought of walking into work like this really excites me right now. Maybe I like punishing myself ... I don't know."

"You seem to have a talent for it."

"Tell me about it."

"Well then, I guess we better get to the office," Sara said glancing down at Julie's soaked slacks and smirking. "I'm sure those are going to be really comfortable for you today."

"Oh, I know," Julie said, smiling naughtily. "They're already starting to get cold, and I have a small lake in my heels."

"Enjoy your chaffed thighs."

"I'm sure I'm going to get diaper rash," Julie said. "Plus I get to smell like pee all day and sit on plastic sheeting again. I'll bet you're so jealous of me right now."

"Definitely, all the guys will think you're so hot now," Sara said. They looked each other and giggled. "Seriously though, are you sure you really want to do this? I just found out that I work with someone I can share this with. I really don't want you to get fired."

"Don't worry," Julie said. "They won't fire me for this."

"Well, if you're sure, I'll see you at the office," Sara said. "You want to catch a few drinks after work?"

"I'd love to."

"Great," said Sara, "If you're lucky, your pants might even dry by then."

"Probably, but who knows? If I get a few drinks in me, they may not stay that way."

"With you, I'll bet they won't," Sara shook her head and laughed. "You're crazy Julie. I'll see you later."

"See you at work," Julie said as Sara turned and walked away.

Julie's mind filled with possibilities. All these years her wetting had isolated her, could she have finally found a partner in this? She wondered what Sara was into. She couldn't wait to meet her after work and find out.

Her pulse raced as she ran her hands along her chilled, wet thighs. No turning back now. Sara had offered her an out and she turned it down. Now she was going to have to spend the whole day in these pee-soaked slacks and everyone at work was going to know about it. She could picture the condescending smirks on her co-workers faces as they saw that she had peed in her pants again.

Julie's fingers reached her crotch, which still radiated warmth through the wetness of her slacks. She decided she'd better find a ladies' room to take care of her naughtier urges.

