The Sphere - Page 3

Author: SashaButters

*052*2015-11-16 02:01

Now that all the partial dives are out of the way, I can now put omo content in since the "full dives" have much more realism to them eg hunger, thirst, pain, feeling, and bodily functions

*057*2015-11-16 08:16

{{:

Yay! That said, I am enjoying this as is. I personally wouldn't mind if things continued as is.

}}

It's actually pretty hard to NOT put it in, it's just so automatic now for me to write diaper or wetting scenes that i keep having to remind myself that it's not that kind of story XD

It makes me really happy that you guys are enjoying this. I tend to get discouraged about my writing abilities, but when I'm in a rut it helps to just come back and read the comments when I need a quick boost to get me through hard times, so thank you everyone who has ever commented and up voted me ^^

*060*2015-11-16 19:59

{{: 

I realy like your stories, but in this case some parts feel 'rushed'. Becca 'lost' her brother her parents lost a son. Somehow I didn't feel it in those chapters, it lacks the emotion. For the rest your stories are great, keep on writing

}}

Thank you for the honest feedback. Becca doesn't believe her brother is dead, so she's not going to feel the same level of emotion and the story is from her point of view. As for rushed, yes, yes it is. This is just a rough draft basically, it's for NaNoWriMo the 50,000 words in a month challenge. Normally what I do in five or six months i'm trying to cram into one, so this might not have the same level of quality as other stories. I will definitely keep it in mind though when I go through and fix things.

*062*2015-11-17 00:34

Chapter 10.5

The first thing Becca saw when taking off her helmet was her mom standing over her with her arms crossed. Becca was so excited to tell her the good news that she almost missed the giant scowl across her face as her eyes looked down at her full of disgust.

“Mom, I-” Becca began to say, but was quickly cut off.

“Were you honestly playing games all day that you couldn’t even be bothered to get up and go the bathroom? Am I going to have to remind you to stop playing and go potty like a toddler because honestly, Becca, with the way you’ve been acting lately; I can’t tell if you’re 18 or two.” Heather said while throwing up her hands in frustration.

Becca stared at her in confusion while she finished her rant until a cold dampness alerted her to the problem. At some point she had soaked herself and her bedding while she was in the Sphere. Becca stared down at her lap dumbfounded. How long had she been gone for? She glanced at the time and noticed she had only been gone for four hours; clearly not enough to time for her to have wet herself out of desperation. Becca hung her head in shame at the realization of what happened. She must have wet herself in fear during the test. To Becca, that was worse than simply being in the Sphere for too long; it showed that she was weak.

“Am I going to have to put you in a diaper every time you go in there? What am I going to do if I can’t trust you to take care of yourself?” Heather continued.

“I’m sorry,” Becca mumbled hanging her head. “I wasn’t playing games.”

“You spend too much time in there!” Heather said.

“It’s because I miss him.” Becca said quietly. “I like to go back and read all of our old conversations.” Becca said purposefully allowing herself to tear up while Heather’s sharp glare softened a bit seeing the pitiful look on her daughters face. “I just miss him so much.” Becca had only meant to slightly play it up for leniency, but the hot tears that uncontrollably fell from her face were the real deal. Just knowing he was alive wasn’t enough; he might have well have been dead.

Brian was not only Becca’s brother, but also her best friend. She hadn’t realized how much she had been hurting without him. For whatever reason, he just wasn’t there anymore. No more daily messages back and forth, and no one to share in her joy and pain. He hadn’t even made it to their Sunday zombie slaying that they never missed. Whatever situation he was in was her fault and there was nothing she could do to help him. So what if she played a few more games than normal and locked herself in her room? Becca rolled over and put her wet back to Heather and let go of all of the pent up feelings she had been harboring into her pillow.

“I take it you want to be alone.” Heather said with a sigh, as she was about to head for the door, but stopped when Becca shook her head.

“I don’t want to be alone!” Becca bawled into her pillow. “I’m always alone; I just want everything to go back to the way it was.” She said between gasps for air between her heavy sobs. She flinched out of reflex when she felt a hand gently touch her back, but relaxed when she felt it slowly move up her shoulders and back down carefully avoiding the still sensitive areas. Becca hadn’t felt another persons touch since her time in the hospital. She felt the bed sink in as her mom sat down on the edge and manually rolled Becca over so that her head was resting in Heather’s lap.

Heather gently stroked Becca’s head while lightly combing her long black hair with her fingers. “I’m sorry I’ve been so hard on you lately.” Heather said as Becca remained still and quiet. She hadn’t cuddled up in her mom’s lap like this since she was little, and she certainly hadn’t been spending more time than she absolutely had to with her. “You’ve been pulling away; I don’t want to lose both my children.” Heather said with a sniffle.

“I’m sorry, it’s just, and everything about our family has changed. All we ever do is fight now. Virtual reality has just been better than real reality right now.” Becca said softly into her mom’s stomach.

“I know, but it’s not real. I’m just concerned with how much time you’ve been spending up here by yourself. “

“I miss the way things used to be.” Becca mumbled as Heather agreed as the two sat quietly together until Becca broke the ice. “I’m going to miss you.”

“What do you mean?” Heather asked, concerned that Becca’s depression had taken a turn for the worst and this was her way of saying good-bye before she did something drastic.

“I got in.” Becca said softly. “To the SPP, I was accepted.”

“What? Are you sure you didn’t just misunderstand something? Are you sure it’s not just another test?” Becca sighed. That was her mom for you; always the realist.

“Yes, I’m sure; I’ve been testing all day and they said I passed. I just need to sign all the paperwork and get the dive implants put in tomorrow.” Becca said frowning when she heard Heather’s breath hitch. “What? What’s wrong? I thought you’d be happy for me.”

“I’m just… surprised is all. I thought they only took the best.”

“Gee, thanks, mom.” Becca said sarcastically while rolling her eyes.

“I didn’t mean it like that, I just didn’t think you’d-“

“You didn’t think I’d get in?” Becca said sitting back up and staring at her mom in disbelief.

“I thought it was something you’d get into…eventually. I didn’t think you’d actually get in on the first try, but that doesn’t mean I’m not happy for you. I just wasn’t prepared to be saying good-by so soon.” She explained as the hurt look on Becca’s face subsided. “So what happens? How long will you be gone for?”

“Every other week.” Becca said as Heather visibly relaxed.

“Way to make it way more dramatic.” Heather said smiling. “What are you going to miss me for if you’ll only be gone a week at a time?”

“In reality it will be a week, but with the time altering drug, it will be a year. For me I’ll be gone a year, be back a week, gone a year, back a week etc.” Becca explained.

“Are you sure it’s safe? That doesn’t sound very safe.”

“I think so.” Becca said not sounding very confident either. “I made it through the fear chamber; I’m sure I’ll be fine.”

“The what?”

“It was the last test we had today.”

“You were testing today? Why didn’t you tell us? I thought you were up here al day playing games.” Heather said as Becca shook her head even though that was what she was usually doing all day. “So what was this fear test?”

“This machine scanned your brain and it projected your deepest fear on the other side of the door.”

“Ooh, sounds scary! So what was your deepest fear?”

“Spiders,” Becca lied. “Big, hairy spiders.”

“Oh, I thought you were over your fear of spiders.” Heather said as Becca shrugged. She didn’t remember ever being afraid of spiders. It must have been when she was little and Brian had still been living at home. There was a time before the pony incident where they didn’t get along. “It took you a long time to go to bed on your own after that.” Heather said.

“After what?”

“After Brian put his tarantula in your bed as a prank. You must have been about three or so. It freaked you out so bad you made your father and I check your bed for spiders every night for the longest time.” Becca chuckled. She didn’t remember that, but it sounds like something Brian would do. The two of them were always trying to pull one over on each other for fun. She breathed a sigh of relief, glad her mother had bought her story about the spiders. She didn’t think Heather would have believed her greatest fear was heights or store mannequins. Becca would definitely rather have her mom think she was afraid of spiders than…

“Now if we could just get you over your fear of ponies.” Heather said giggling while Becca blushed.

“I-I am not afraid of ponies.” Becca lied crossing her arms with a pout.

“Honey, remember that time when you were 13 and refused to sit at the table the waiter brought us to because a little girl a booth over was holding a stuffed unicorn?” Heather said trying not to laugh. “We had to wait an extra half-hour to get a seat where you wouldn’t be in line of sight of the doll.”

Becca grumbled as she admitted defeat. She had completely forgotten about that.

“Spiders, sure it was.” Heather said with a wink as Becca smiled and rested her head in her mom’s lap as Heather resumed combing out her daughters hair with her fingers. Finally, Becca thought with a content sigh. It finally felt more like it used to.

After another twenty minutes, Becca had all but fallen asleep, but a gentle whisper in her ear reminded her of her situation. “You should probably get cleaned up.” Heather suggested. “Don’t worry about the bedding, I’ll get it. You just hop in the shower.” Heather said once Becca stood and examined the damage. “And don’t worry.” She added when Becca was halfway to the door. “I won’t tell your father you peed your pants because of the big, scary ponies.” She said with a grin as Becca stood in the doorway blushing and at a loss for words.

*065*2015-11-17 16:22

Thanks guys! XD The omo scene in the last chapter made it so much better than the non omo version on fiction press IMO. (And not just cause I'm biased towards omo lol ) In the version on fictionpress Becca just wakes up to find her mom ranting about her appearance ( how long have you been wearing those clothes, when was the last time you took a shower etc.) So the line at the end is "I wont tell your farther you got in because you fought big scary ponies" which isn't nearly as good as this version.

I have to change the very first one since she shouldn't be feeling her bladder empty in game, but frozen pole scene is definitely staying XD I have one good one planned that will result in a catalyst for a funny situation that will make the final cut, so a keep a look out for that XD I've been wanting to write this scene since I started this story.

*067*2015-11-18 06:05

{{: 

When I was writing TToaS (I still am, just slowly!) I found out pretty quickly that, the longer the story goes on, the more difficult it is to add a good omo scene without making the "clean" version seem bland. Even then, if you try to make the omo scene easily replacible, it's often more forgettable, something that you also want to avoid.

Heh, I think I know what you're talking about, and don't make it throw the plot out the window for a good laugh :P

}}

Oh yeah, i think i told you what I had planned XD Shh don't tell anyone. Plot will still stay the same, but there will be some..ahem…character development…lots of development XD

The next chapter will feature velociraptors ^^

*069*2015-11-19 00:36

(Not the funny chapter I was talking about, that will come later, but I hope you enjoy this one. Also I will now be referring to Becca in game as Sasha. I'll have to go through and fix it later in previous chapters, but for now please put up with it.)

Chapter 11

“You know you didn’t have to come with me… either of you.” Becca said to her parents that walked slowly on either side of her. She was putting up a fight more for show than anything; she wasn’t about to admit she was actually grateful that they came, or heaven forbid, she actually needed the help getting around. Inwardly though, Becca was just thrilled that they were together and leaving the house.

“You can barely even walk. We don’t want anyone knocking you over.” Heather said linking arms with her and guiding her inside.

“Just look at how busy this place is!” Trevor said holding the door open and gesturing to the completely empty lobby. “You’re bound to hurt yourself if we turn our backs on you for even a second.”

The place was empty save for one man who looked about in his thirties working the front desk. Business had slowed for Sphere Centers ever since the home console had been released. Not many people could afford regular full dives, let alone the cost of the procedure to do them. Becca wasn’t sure how she would be able to afford this. Would her parents help her out? They had always said they wouldn’t pay for this, but now she was getting it done because she needed it for the SPP rather than just playing games. Maybe they’d make an exception, she hoped.

Becca scanned her chip at the front desk as means of checking in before slowly making her way towards the chairs. The man from earlier called her up a few minutes later, but Trevor went up in her place and returned with a tablet of information for her to fill out. It was just the usual health and safety warnings, Becca realized as she scanned through page after page, before pressing her palm on the prompt as sign of her agreement as it registered her handprint. Next there were several questions about her health, and if she was currently taking any medications. Next came a video about the procedure itself. She grimaced as she watched three of the biggest needles she had ever seen get plunged into the back of someone’s neck as if it was as common a thing as a simple piercing.

“Nervous?” Trevor asked seeing Becca’s white face. She nodded her head showing him the video as he too cringed. She relaxed a bit once she learned she would be in virtual reality at the time they inserted the tubes. Part of her was afraid she’d be awake due to the helmet being in the way, but apparently the thing that inserted the tubes would be connected to the back of the helmet. She had been dreading this ever since the Mr. Clean look alike told her it would hurt, but after a while she realized her was just messing with her. At least that’s what she hoped anyway.

When she was scrolling through the list of games to choose from, Heather looked over and said, “Oh look, Becca, they have a pony game.” She teased pointing to the picture of the smiling unicorns.

“Be brave, honey!” Trevor said with a smile that made Becca believe her mother had gone back on her promise. She narrowed her eyes as Heather whistled and pretended to be utterly captivated by the ceiling fixtures. Becca sighed, but inwardly she was just glad that her family was moving in the right direction until Brian decided to come out of hiding.

She flipped through her choices of various games and simulations that ranged from racing to space exploration, an over 18 eroge with doggie girls on leashes, and as her mother had so kindly pointed out, a game with unicorns. Becca finally settled on a pre-historic safari through the jungle when the idea of riding a velociraptor popped into her head.

“Oh, so you’re okay with dinosaurs, but heaven forbid my teenage daughter sit next to a little girl with a stuffed unicorn.” Heather teased while shaking her head.

“Becca, you can come back now.” The man working the front counter said holding the door open for her as she slowly hobbled over. While she walked down the hallway at what seemed to be a snails pace, she couldn’t help but notice the place seemed to be in a bit of disarray. Rooms were being re-arranged, and packed boxes were sitting in the hallway. “Sorry about the mess.” The young man named Tom explained. “We’ve had a bit of a crazy morning ever since we heard the news we’ll be getting new equipment sent over tomorrow. There’s a rumor going around someone in this town got into the SPP and that’s why we’re being told to clear out a room in such a panic. We’re getting a pod and even…” he said before lowering his voice. “the drug.”

Becca smiled as she tried her best to keep from blurting out the truth. She was strictly forbidden from telling anyone outside of family that she had been accepted. People compared getting in with the SPP to winning the lottery, so there was no way she was going to risk getting kicked out for 15 minutes of fame.

“Can you imagine someone in our small town getting in?” He continued. “I apply every year, but I never even make it past the essay portion; if I made that kind of money.” He said whistling. Becca had never thought about the fact that she would be getting paid; she didn’t even know what kind of salary a cadet started out with. Maybe she’d make enough by the time she graduated to move somewhere warmer where she couldn’t get her butt frozen to anything.

He led Becca to a room and walked her through the procedure while showing her the helmet with the cylinders in the back. She began feeling a little woozy seeing exactly what was about to be plunged into her skull. So much so that the man insisted she sit down and left to get her a cup of water. “And here I was thinking you were the cadet.” Tom said with a laugh handing her the cup.

“Why would you think that?” Becca asked nervously.

“Well whoever paid for the procedure went all out. You’re getting the VIP treatment.”

“I am?” Becca asked confused. Her heart soared when she heard the word, “paid.” She had assumed this was coming out of her own pocket, but she was pleasantly surprised to learn the SPP had already footed the bill.

“Unlimited add-ons!” He said excitedly walking over to the console. “Anything you want to happen can happen. What’ll it be? Giant chickens instead of T-rexes? Kittens with laser beams for eyes?” He said looking eager before grinning as if he had a sudden idea. “Do you, uh, have a sense of humor?”

“Yeah,” Becca answered unsure of whether or not she liked the look on his face.

“On a scale of 1-10, how would you rate your maturity level when it comes to humor?” He asked with his eyebrows raised.

“Somewhere around twelve year old boy.” Becca said as his face lit up and his fingers danced up and down the keyboard typing in commands left and right. That seemed to be exactly what he wanted to hear and ten minutes later, Becca was strapped to the table by her ankles, legs, waist, arms and shoulders.

“Let me just go over this with you one more time.” Tom said. “You’ll start off in a regular partial dive, you know, enjoy the scenery and all that. About 15 minutes in is when the helmet will activate the plungers.”

“Will it hurt?” Becca asked, her green eyes wide with fear.

“You won’t feel any pain, but rather a sort of tingling through out your body. That’s when you’ll start to feel the effects and differences of a full dive. You’ll be able to smell, taste, touch, and all that for the first time. The rest of your dive will be a full dive where we will monitor you and make sure everything is working properly.”

“And when I wake up?” Becca asked as he grimaced.

“We’ll be ready with some painkillers and a bag of ice.” He said apologetically. “Just think of how much fun you’ll have now though! Trust me, it’s worth it! Besides,” He said lowering his voice, “With all the unlimited add-ons and all that, be thankful you’re not paying out of pocket.”

“How much would it have cost?”

“About….$20,000.” He said as Becca’s eyes bulged. “Like I said, you’re getting the VIP treatment, so just have fun and it’ll be over before you know it.” He said lowering the helmet over Becca’s head until all she saw was blackness.

###

When Sasha came to she was standing in the middle of a jungle, the thick green foliage blocking her view from everything. She spent the first few minutes trying to fight her way through the vegetation, but with no way of knowing which way she had come it left her feeling a tad bit frustrated and disoriented. If only I had a machete. When she raised her right hand to push past some branches, she was more than surprised to find her desired item had appeared.

“Sweet,” Sasha said gripping the new weapon while giving it a once over before using it to hack her way through. It must have been one of the add-ons he had mentioned. Finally after a few minutes of slicing and dicing branches, leaves, and the occasional spider web, she came to a clearing. What she saw made her break out in a large grin. Something extremely large had recently passed through leaving a trail of massive footprints in its wake. “I found the T-rex.” Sasha said excitedly standing in the middle of the recently upturned earth. In between the giant footprints appeared to be a trail as if something was being dragged along. Sasha assumed it much have had some kind of prey in its mouth and was dragging it home to eat for later.

Sasha fallowed the 3 claw mark patterns along the newly formed trail of now snapped and broken trees that appeared as if a bulldozer had pushed them aside effortlessly, until she stumbled upon the second thing that had obviously been modded. The smallest and most adorable looking silver tabby kitten sat in the middle of one of the impressions the T-rex had left behind, licking its front paw and then using it to clean its face.

“So cute!” Sasha said squatting down nearby and offering her hand to it. “Come here little kitten, can I pet you?” She asked paying no mind that a cat shouldn’t have been in this pre-historic simulator to begin with. The kitten briefly looked up, with its large blue eyes locked on Sasha, and in the sweetest and most innocent voice she had ever heard, the kitten told her to f-off before turning around and leaving. “Well now.” Sasha said once she had regained her composure.

As she walked along, she noticed many things that were different. Owls with the heads of cats sat perched in the tree branches making obscene sexual female moaning sounds every time they opened their mouths as she passed below. The body of a chipmunk scurried by on the hairy legs of a giant tarantula and when Sasha looked up, she frowned when she saw pegisi with snouts of pigs soaring through the clouds. She had to hand it to Tom; he certainly had quite the imagination.

For a pre-historic simulator though, there wasn’t much in the way of dinosaurs she realized. She wanted to find a velociraptor before she could feel pain in case it decided she looked like a tastier morsel than the flying pig ponies.

Sasha froze mid –step when she heard a rustling to her right in the foliage that had survived the T-rex’s stampede. When a raptor appeared she quickly hid behind a fallen tree as she tried to suppress her giggles. It wore a top hat, monocle and sported a handlebar mustache. When had sent Sasha over the edge though, was when it zapped a nearby tree with a laser that shot from its eyes. A frickin raptor with lasers for eyes. It was everything Sasha could ever have hoped for and then some. That was until she saw what happened to the tree. She had expected it to explode… instead it turned into the shape of a penis. Sasha began to wonder if illegal drugs were part of Tom’s daily regimen.

When the raptor turned its sites towards the tree Sasha was hiding behind that was when she realized that was her cue to run. She quickly rolled out of the way just as her hiding place became phallicized. Sasha sprinted for all she was worth, while imagining that she held a shotgun in her hands. Once it materialized, she spun around intending for an instant kill only to have her shotgun go from a weapon of mass destruction to a weapon of ass destruction. She quickly threw it away in disgust not even wanting to know what would happen if she pulled the trigger.

She needed a plan she thought as she ran. Everything around her on either side was being turned into a schlong and if she couldn’t think of something soon, she’d be ending up as one too. Sasha knew she acted like a dick sometimes online, but that didn’t mean she wanted to be turned into one. At least the raptor had the aim of a storm trooper.

Suddenly a strong electrical current ran up and down her body as she slowly began feeling the cold wind in her face as her arms and legs stung from getting slashed by the branches she ran through. “Not now!” She groaned as the raptor was not far behind now. She didn’t want to know what it felt like to get her arm bitten off. A roar so loud that shook the ground and nearby trees sent Sasha stumbling to the ground. Something huge was approaching. It felt like a mini earthquake with every step it took until in the most clique dinosaur movie move, the T-REX appeared at the last second before opening its jaws and devouring the raptor that had it sights set on Sasha.

She sat there stunned on the ground as rainbows instead of red blood streamed out of its mouth. She couldn’t believe what she was seeing. Only once the creature had fully emerged from the trees did she realize the thing it was dragging on the ground between its legs earlier wasn’t its prey, but rather its own penis. It was the biggest thing she had ever seen. It wasn’t a Tyrannosaurus Rex; it was a Cock-o-saurus Rex! And she was about to get tea-bagged to death if she didn’t get a move on! Tom was gay; he just had to be. No straight guy would put this many penises into one game.

Summoning another machete, Sasha sliced through the plants as fast as she could, but it was much harder now that she could feel the weight of the sword in her hand. Her arm was quickly getting sore from all the swinging, and she was having a difficult time trying to catch her breath. Why did she have to pick this one as her first full dive? Maybe she should have just taken the pony one. It was dangerous, it smelled, and there were more dicks than on a reddit forum. Sasha came barreling into another clearing and froze as four heads wearing top hats, and monocles looked up.

“Uh-oh…”

###

The first thing Becca felt coming to was the pounding in the back of her head. “Ugh.” She moaned as Tom gently removed her helmet before bandaging the back of her head.

“What did you think?” Tom asked undoing the straps that held Becca down to the table.

“Please tell me my arms are no longer penises.” Becca mumbled as Tom laughed.

“The raptors got you, eh?” he asked helping her slowly sit up as he handed her a bag of ice for her head.

“Got cornered by four of them after I ran into your cock-a-saurus rex.” Becca said glad to see her regular arms once again.

“I am officially naming it that now, thank you.” Tom said. “My boyfriend came up with that idea, but I’m proud to say the raptors were all mine.” He said proudly.

I knew it, Becca thought smiling weakly. “My head is killing me.”

“You got the best and smallest implants on the market, just imagine if you got this done five years ago.” Tom said leading her out. “Did you hear the SPP found a fake version of the drug on the deep web?”

Becca froze as her blood ran cold. It couldn’t be the same thing Brian had been working on… “R-really?” Becca asked nervously.

“Yeah, turns out it’s been linked to the recent deaths.”

“D-deaths? What deaths?” Becca said starting to panic.

“Haven’t you been watching the news? More and more people have been dying from their injuries sustained in virtual reality. Apparently the fake drug has been linked with causing the brain to believe their injuries are real. Can you imagine getting shot in virtual reality and waking up with an actual bullet wound?”

Becca broke out in a cold sweat. This was why her brother had been in hiding for the last month. Just what had he gotten himself into?

*072*2015-11-19 01:40

{{: 

That chapter was very... interesting. Freud would have a field day. Jokes aside, this in an incredible story. I eagerly await the next installment.

}}

Haha thanks :) It was meant as a futuristic look parallel to what people do today in photoshop. These were also mods I have seen used in video games etc. Mostly I just kind of wanted to be able to tell my nano group I wrote a chapter featuring gentleman raptors with laser eyes turning things into dicks :)

