Another Note: Continued - Page 2

Author: AuthorFaust

*025*2016-05-22 22:01

[Chapter 11: Found Fantasies]

Faust was having a lot of trouble focusing on gym class, for obvious reasons. Whether it was his eyes glancing at the pinkette, or remembering his close call with the silverette in the bathroom.....His thoughts remained scrambled.

'Not to mention that strange girl...Penelope?'

Or, Penny, as they had agreed. The way she was able to deal with that spirit so effectively, combined with the staff she held...

'I bet she's been at this for a while..'

Eyes glanced to the door as the latest arrival paced in from the lockers, the silverette Faust had been fretting about.

"H..Hey Konpaku." Faust stammered to the girl, feeling far more nervous than he ever had with the girl. "You..feeling okay..?"

"A.Ah..!" Youmu's sounded out quietly, as she averted her gaze. "Y..Yes..I..I'm fine...S..Sorry abou.."

"I..It's okay.." Faust assured, as the teacher blew her whistle.

"Alright everyone! Since yesterday was a...mixed bag, we're going to take it easy today..!" the teacher called, a few members of the class averting their gazes from one another. "So! Laps for now! We're going to work on your endurance for the mile run coming up!" A few groans could be heard, as the class protested. "Ahhh..Simmer down. Either you get some practice in now, or you're stuck with whatever bad grade you get if you can't get through it on time! This'll give you all a chance to feel out your limits, and push through them."

Faust was definitely not for the run. His legs felt like they had been filled with lead, and his shoulders were heavy.

'Must be...from that..succubus.' he thought, watching as the pinkette and silverette both seemed to struggle with keeping up with the class. Though, Yuno still fought admirably against the ordeal, managing to merge with the group and out of the teacher's scornful eye.

"Necromonium!" she called, quickly. "What's going on? You're barely moving!"

"I..I'm sorry miss.." Faust groaned out, slumping over. "I'm just..really tired today. I didn't...get a lot of sleep last night."

A lie, of course. He'd slept through most of the night....Or, at least as much as he could remember being. He still lightly cursed Saril's name for interrupting him, even if it had saved his life from the succubus.

"How many times do I have to tell you how important sleep is?" The teacher started, putting a hand on her hips. "Honestly, that's the.."

"Teacher..Why aren't you scolding me..?" Youmu interrupted, moving to Faust's side. "I'm...Not exactly keeping up either."

The teacher froze in response, suddenly looking more interested in the wall than her students.

"Well, you see.." she started, before shaking her head lightly. "Just....try to get some rest tonight, Necromonium. Okay?"

"Okay." Faust answered quietly, leaning in closer to Youmu. "Thanks for that."

"No problem." she replied, in just as quiet a tone. "It's the least I can do after.."

A quiet silence fell over the two, before they decided to start pacing again. Regardless of which time she was referring to, neither of them seemed keen on discussing the.....specifics of it. Rather, the two kept their sluggish pace around the gym, and eventually sat down with the rest of the class.

"Man, I'm just not cut out for this kind of thing.." Faust moaned quietly, slumping over on the floor. "I'm gonna fail it for sure."

"It's okay. Faust just needs to work on his Endurance." Yuno assured, leaning in to whisper. "Like how Yuno is right now."

Red found it's way to Faust's face once more, as the girl snaked her arm around his, and let his fingers brush above her lower belly. He could feel a small bump against his fingers...That prompted some shifting from the pinkette.

"G..Gentle..Gentle." The girl protested softly, scooting her hips back. "Yuno's never really..done this kind of thing before."

"A..Ah..S..S..Sorry.." Faust weakly sounded to her, feeling his face burning with embarrassment. His eyes glanced to make sure nobody was looking at him, pulling away from her ever so slightly as the teacher blew her whistle again.

"Alright...Everyone go back and get changed." She called, waving everyone on. "I expect to see you all here on Monday well rested, and prepared for some more running!"

'Oh, that's right..' Faust thought, lightly. 'It's...Friday today.'

The thought hadn't crossed his mind, what with everyone else going on lately.. But, it was already the weekend. He changed out of his gym clothes and started out, the pinkette waiting beside the door for him.

"Ehehe..." The girl softly giggled as she took his arm, lowering her voice. "It's the weekend already. Yuno's so glad she won't have to come to school tomorrow."

"Aha..Same here." Faust remarked with a small smile, walking along to the buses. "I'm ready for some time at home."

"Yuno is too." The girl mused, before leaning in with a demure, yet appealing grin. "Yuno is just feeling...naughty holding this for so long."

The blush didn't eclipse his face as much this time, but it certainly rose up, as he leaned back into her.

"Yuno can hold it..right?" He whispered back, the girl squirming her hips a bit.

"Yuno will try." she replied, taking her seat on the bus, and crossing her legs. "Yuno's shorts are pressing on her tinkle tank though...So, Yuno really needs to go."

Faust struggled to keep a straight face, before leaning in to the girl, and whispering a quiet, but terse command.

"Hold it.." he called, feeling his face go red again as he openly commanded the girl. One of her hands cupped her shorts, as she squeezed herself tightly.

"Y..Yes Faust." she softly whimpered, rocking back a bit to try to alleviate some pressure.

Faust could scarcely believe this was happening. Yuno, who had been teasing him all day, [Albeit, likely under the control of a being made to do that kind of thing] was indulging him in his own kind of interest. He was still wary that the succubus was still possessing her, but for the moment...He was enjoying the view.

It seemed all too soon that the bus pulled into their stop, Faust watching as the girl stood up and shifted a bit more. He could almost make out her bladder bulging from her lower belly...But, she nudged him quickly.

"C..Come on Faust." The girl urged, bouncing a bit on her toes. "It's..Yuno and Faust's stop."

He took a moment to savor her urgency, before standing up in his seat, and grabbing his things.

"Right..Right." he mused, starting off the bus with the squirming girl behind him. The two made their way to his place in time, the boy shutting the door behind him as the girl staggered in.

"Now..are you sure you want to do this?" Faust remarked, as the girl seemed to bounce up and down in place. "You..don't really have to..If you don't want to.."

"Y..Yuno does!" the girl called, a hand holding her gym-shorts clad crotch. "T..though..Yuno is curious.."

"Ah..?" Faust sounded, as if hesitating to ask. "...About..?"

"Yuno...doesn't have experience with this kind of thing." She stated, squeezing her thighs together. "S..So..Yuno was wondering...if Faust could....Share some...references?"

Bluuuuuuuush

There it was...A question he didn't expect...Yet, at the same time, it excited him.

"O..One minute." He called, darting into his room quickly, and started to forage through it.

"I see you handled that demoness." a voice called out, Saril called to him, snapping him to reality for a few moments. "And here I was, wondering who I should hand the note to after you died."

"N..Not now.." Faust replied, going through his things. "I...I'm looking for.."

"This?" Saril mused, holding up the Omo-weekly that had been..discovered the previous night. "Such a naughty boy...If you had hidden your smut better, that succubus might not have been able to.."

Faust lunged for the book at this, Saril hoisting the book over her head.

"P...please..." He called, the Goddess grinning coyly.

"Apologize." she addressed, sternly. "Say 'I'm Sorry Mistress Saril, I'll never doubt your wit again.'"

"A..Ah.." Faust sounded, flinching at the terms.

"Or, 'I'm just a stupid Horny Boy without you.'" she mused, grinning wider. "Or perhaps 'I know NOTHING, Empress Saril.'"

"I..I'm sorry.." Faust stammered, averting his gaze. "I...almost did something really stupid..And, I should have listened to your warning. Thank you for..saving me from that, last night."

An awkward silence filled the air, before Faust felt the magazine being tossed at him.

"That'll do." she mused, with a small grin. "Go have fun with your little playmate, Faust."

"A..Ah...one more thing.." he started, as the Goddess pressed her fingers to his lips.

"She's not possessed." Saril stated, quietly. "She got possessed while you were explaining yourself to her. You're not going to die if you indulge your fantasy...For tonight, at least. Now go, it's rude to keep a lady waiting. Even a...desperate one."

Faust nodded, bowing his head to the woman.

"Th..Thanks." he called, before darting out of his room, and back into the living room.

"I..I brought the..The..Magazine.." he stated, blushing bright red as the girl's eyes went over it again.

"Omo..rashi..weekly.." the girl remarked, squeezing herself tighter as she moved to the couch, sticking her rear out to sit on one of the arms...And crossed her legs over one another. "P..please show Yuno....She..can't move her hands right now.."

Faust blushed deeper at the sight, Yuno's face scrunched up in need as she held herself. No doubt about it...

She was dying to pee. He thumbed through the magazine, scouring the pages of desperate, pee-addled idols and models....Resting on a page with a girl squatting down behind a shed. Clear liquid flowed through some emerald panties, darkening them in a flash to more forest shade of green. He turned the image to the girl, seeing her legs tremble in need.

"O..Ohhhnn...squatting.." Yuno noted, gripping herself tighter as she stood on her feet again, and attempted to mimic the gesture. Labored breaths started to fill the room, before Yuno hurriedly stood back up, bouncing even more urgently.

"S..Something else.." Yuno whimpered, biting her lower lip a bit. "Yuno..can't do that one for long..or she'll...."

Faust gasped lightly himself, starting through the magazine again for another scene. A girl with strikingly red hair was reaching out in vain for a commode, an immense wet patch careening down her legs, and pooling into the floor. He turned the book to the girl again, seeing a flush make it's way to her face.

"A..Ahh..! Y.Yuno really should go to the bathroom!" she stammered, starting to her feet and staggering past Faust. He could see her legs shaking, her waist trembling, and her hands gripping herself even tighter. He paused for a bit as the girl waddled into the room, letting out a small sigh.

'W..Well, it was nice while it lasted.' he thought, before hearing the girl call back to him.

"F..Faust..please hurry.." Yuno's voice strained, prompting the boy to follow her. He made his way into the bathroom, watching as the girl positively shook in front of the toilet, as if her urges had doubled upon seeing it.

"It's...really..Really Bad..!"

Faust lightly covered his mouth in shock, gasping sharply as he saw the girl squeezing herself tighter and tighter, the gym shorts accenting her bottom nicely.

"Y..Yuno.." he stammered, as the girl looked over his shoulder, tears welling up in her eyes lightly.

"C..can Yuno...let go?" she called out softly, fingers pressed against her shorts. The words were fighting their way to Faust's lips as he dropped the magazine, opting for a slow, deliberate nod.

"Y..Y..yes.." he uttered, the girl squeezing her eyes shut at the word. His eyes immediately dipped to her stuck out rump once more...and under her slender, delicate fingers...

Pshhh

A small, damp spot began to form. He watched her fingers trace over it with a few soft groans.

Psssh..Psh..pshh...

Little by little, bit by bit...The girl's wet spot grew larger and larger, clear fluid starting to dribble down her thighs. The girl's body seemed hesitant to let it go, but every few seconds..The spurts returned, trickling faster by the passing moments. The wet spot on her shorts slowly started to trail up her bottom as well, before she suddenly jerked around a bit.

"Y..Yuno is sorry..!" She apologized, before planting her bottom down on the toilet seat, and spreading her legs wide for the boy. Any protests he might have had were muted quickly by the torrent between her legs growing at an incredible pace...The sputtering leaks giving way to an immense gusher as her body relaxed. "O..O..Ohhhhnnn...Ohhh...Yuno...Feels....It all...C..coming..ouuuuut.."

Faust couldn't complain at the view, her lower parts silhouetted by the tight shorts, as she completely saturated them, peeing as if they weren't there and she wasn't being watched. Several streams hissed out the sides of her thighs, splashing along the seat and floor as she leaned back....Truly emptying her bladder. The boy's flushed face was only matched in intensity by the sheer relief on Yuno's, as her stream eventually started to taper off, the girl looking up at him with a healthy flush of her own.....Her eyes warm with affection.

"Yuno...peed herself." she moaned softly, her fingers lightly running over her now drenched shorts. "Yuno....Yuno is...sorry....Faust..."

The expression on her face said anything but apologies were in order, enjoying the....effect her display had on the boy. She seemed to almost radiate in the glow of having an intentional accident, before slowly starting to her feet.

"Yuno...needs to shower." she called to the boy, quickly. "But...She...she hopes you..really enjoyed that."

"R..right. Of course." Faust stammered, still short of breath as he turned. "I'll get you a towel...A..and some spare clothes of mine..And.."

"Thank you..." The girl mused softly, silencing his stammers as he respectfully left the bathroom. Yuno had always been incredibly intimate with him, but she kept enough modesty about her to not strip in front of him too readily. As he returned to the door with a small knock , the girl's slender hand emerged through the cracked door, taking the fresh garments quickly.

"T.take your Ti.." Faust started, before the door opened slightly again, the girl's hand holding out a certain, damp garment she had just been wearing.

"Faust will wash these for Yuno...right?" her voice cooed, the boy taking the garments with a flush. "Yuno...doesn't plan to be wearing them Until Faust is done with them."

"S..sure thing.." He stated softly, ogling the wet patch on them with a..powerful lust. Remembering the strange girl's advice, he went to his own private room....And did as he was told by her to avoid any more run ins with succubi.

Shortly after, he deposited the girl's garments, along with his own laundry, into the washer and turned it on, feeling much less tense and worked up from the recent events. Yuno eventually came out of the shower herself, wearing a pair of his own shorts, and another shirt that he had lent her. As the steam radiated off of her now practically glowing body, she leaned in close to give him a loving peck on the cheek.

"Yuno hopes Faust enjoyed her show.." She mused, fingers lightly tracing over him. "Though, Yuno has a shift tomorrow, and won't be able to stay the night, like she wants to."

"I..I did.." Faust called, his own hand lightly touching her sides. "A..and that's okay. T..Thank you for...for what you did."

"No problem." The girl replied, dropping her voice to a low, lustful whisper. "Yuno'll have to do this again sometime for Faust. She....kind of enjoyed it."

A flush made it's way to Faust's face again as he muttered a thanks, the girl starting out of the building with a spring in her step, and a smile on her face. Faust silently recounted his blessings, going to prepare himself for bed after the...eventful day.

"Whew..what am I gonna do tomorrow.." he thought to himself out loud, starting to lay on his bed, before hearing his phone buzz. Picking it up he was greeted with the screen telling him he had a new text message.

[From: Juuni Neptunia

To: Faust

Hey! I was just wondering if u wanted to hang out tomorrow! Been soooooooo Bored lately. :U

Like, we could go to the movies or somethin'! Plz respond quickly, so I can tell Mom I have plans!]

Faust glanced over the message, and lightly shook his head, starting to type out a reply.

"It could be a good time." he said to himself, leaning down into his bed. "Since Yuno's busy, I wouldn't mind......"

===========================================================================================================================

"So...whatcha got for me, Officer?" a remarkably laid back voice called, Penny stepping up to the uniformed man with a remarkably casual tone. Be it on the field, or in an office [as it currently was], she didn't seem to address anything with the same air of seriousness that people in her profession usually did...Evident by the popping of some gum she was chewing.

"Well.it's a doozy, Detective 'P.'" the man called, keeping a serious face despite the nickname she preferred to be known by. "We've had a..startling number of reports of students being..attacked lately."

He pulled a folder out from a cabinet, sliding it towards the girl with a flick of his wrist. Penelope picked up the folder and opened it, peering inside.

"Attacked..?" she inquired, looking over the victims. They were all girls that were around high school age...All from the same building she had been at the previous day...and..

"The victims have no memory of what happened." the officer stated, shaking his head. "Nor do they have many..explicit signs of being attacked. Aside from..."

"Having pissed themselves?" Penny replied, the officer averting his gaze slightly.

"Right.." he called, keeping a professional look about him. "All of the victims are girls...and they've always....Involuntarily urinated on themselves by the time they're found. Their clothes are in order otherwise, and we can find no real marks on the bodies. Though, we did have one witness give an..interesting testimony."

"Ah..?" Penny replied, thumbing through the images in case of a familiar face. "Go on..."

"Well...." the man started, glancing around. "Since you're a detective in the...supernatural, you might take this better than the others... But...She said that she was attacked by a being with red eyes, black wings...and very pronounced fangs."

"Oh really..?" Penelope called, closing the folder quietly. "So, you think that our suspect may be..."

"I can not in all certainty say what it is, being a man firmly rooted in the....Normal." the officer stated plainly. "But...if i had to make an educated guess...I'd have to say it was a..."

Penny grinned from ear to ear, a sort of twinkle appearing in her eyes. She held up a finger, halting the officer's guess quickly as she dropped her voice low.

"It sounds like.......A Vampire."

[Chapter 11: Found Fantasy, End.]

*032*2016-05-30 06:10

[Chapter 12: Troubling Terror]

The sunlight broke through the windows, finally stirring Faust from his sleep. It was refreshing to not be jarred awake by the buzzing of an alarm, nor some form of worrying crisis. He streeeetched his body out, loosing a wide mouthed yawn, before sliding to the side of his bed.

"Mmmmn..." He sounded, as he picked up the alarm clock, glancing at the time. "Twelve thirty, Eh?"

A bit later than he usually slept, but he did have an...interesting night. The thoughts of Yuno in her gym uniform made the boy flush red once more, as he tried to divert his attention to just about anything else.

"Ah..! Right!" he called, suddenly looking around for his phone. "I should see what time Juuni wants to hang out."

Fingers brushed over his phone for a few light moments, before a sudden knocking could be heard.

Thump...Thump...Thump..

"Ah...?" Faust sounded, starting over to the door and opening it to see...

"Ahhh..Finally." Juuni's voice called, slumping over. "This is the third house I've been to, and I finally found you. Well, again...because..you know."

"Yeah." Faust assured, lightly rubbing his eyes as he opened the door. "Better than last time though."

"Hush.." she refuted, a tint of red forming in embarrassment at her near-inability to remember where he lived. "Sorry I didn't really call or anything and showed up. I was just kind of..excited? No, that's not it.."

"Eager?" Faust suggested, with a small smile. "We're related you know. Gotta be careful with that."

Whumpf

"Stop that." The purplete snapped after the strike, folding her arms as the flush deepened, and she started into the building. "So, I was thinking that maybe we could go out to get something to eat, and check out a movie together, or somethin'. I heard there was a new scary movie out."

"You..uh, realize I'm in my pajamas still." Faust remarked, gesturing at his attire. "I...kinda just woke up."

"Ah..! Right, right!" Juuni suddenly stated, her gaze still evading his. "I just...wanted to.....Like, set up the plan...and..stuff..."

An awkward silence filled the air once more, before the girl started to gesture inward with her hands.

"I'm uh...going to the bathroom real quick." She called, nearly darting down the hall. "Berightback."

Faust watched the girl scamper to the bathroom, slamming the door far harder than was necessary...Before shrugging.

"Well, that solves that." He called, going into his room and shutting the door for a bit. His eyes glanced over the Wet Note sticking out from his bookbag, quietly pushing it down into his bag once more.

"Not taking your vulgar desires upon your darling cousin?" Saril's voice mused, leaning atop his shelf. "I don't judge, personally. All vulgar desires are equal to me in enjoyment.."

"Shut up.." he stated flatly, storing the book down. "I'm grateful for last night, but I'm still.."

"Heard it already." the woman called, twirling her fingers a bit. "Now, you'd best get on some real clothes...So your cousin doesn't keep ogling your morning enticement."

"Ah?!" Faust snapped, glancing down....And hearing the woman giggling.

"Kidding, kidding." the woman mused, starting to dissipate. "It's a bit late for that now."

Faust himself blushed deep red at this, quickly changing into an outfit more suitable for going out in public. As he turned the knob on the door to open it, he was mildly surprised to see the girl reaching for it herself.

"A...Ah..! Sorry!" she stated, waving her hands back and forth. "I wasn't trying to like..creep or anything. I was just...wondering what your room looked like. Honest."

"R..right." Faust remarked quietly, gesturing in at this. The girl's head peeked in, as if scouring it for..something in particular.

"You didn't make your bed." She pointed out, prompting the boy to pause, and lightly roll his eyes.

"I just woke up five minutes ago." He rebuked, putting his hands in his pockets. "'Sides, It's easier to feel comfortable that way. Doesn't feel like I'm disturbing the natural order."

"Right." Juuni remarked with a flat expression, clearly not buying it. "Anyways..! Shall we get going, brother? We's got a busy day ahead of us!"

"Right." Faust remarked, before grinning a bit. "One thing real quick though..."

"Ah..?" Juuni replied, before being lifted off the ground in a nearly crushing bear hug from the boy.

"Told you I'd hug the stuffing out of ya next time we saw each other." He mused with a chuckle, the girl wriggling in his grip.

"A..Gah...you weren't kidding! Good thing I used the bathroom, or you woulda.." the girl croaked, before suddenly blushing and going silent. "I..I mean..Lemme go! Lemme go! You win this time!"

Faust blushed slightly, but kept up a snicker-trickled grin, as the girl tried to scurry away from him a bit.

"I'll win next time too." he bragged, the girl elbowing him in the waist, before gesturing.

"We'll see about that." she shot right back, as they started off from his house.

======================================================================================================================================

"So, how's life been for you?" Faust's voice called as they left the fast-food place they had gone to. "Yuno and I kind of monopolized that conversation in there, but I wanna know."

"Yeah, I noticed." Juuni remarked, sounding a bit curt. "She was making eyes at you every time you went to get some more drinks. Looking at you like one of those burgers we ate."

"Neppy..."

"And don't call me that!" she remarked, lightly whacking his shoulder. "It reminds me too much of....last time."

A small silence filled the air, before Faust decided to break it again.

"At least the bathrooms were in order this time." he teased, prompting the girl to huff up....And then shake her head.

"Lewd.." She muttered, before turning back to face front. "Well, things have been..okay-ish. A lot of students in my grade have been....Kind of actin' funny, but that's just what school does to you, I'm sure."

"Acting funny..?" Faust remarked, suddenly walking a bit faster. "As in what? Are they laughing uncontrollably? Telling jokes? Bullying you?"

"O..Oh, no. No." Juuni quickly remarked, waving her hands back. "They're not...Well, they aren't bullying me, per se. But, we got this new student a few days ago and...well.."

Faust lightly held a hand up, stopping and prompting her to do so as well.

"Tell me." He called, his eyes taking on a serious expression. The purplette paused, before awkwardly brushing the back of her head.

"W..Well, I don't know much.." she called, glancing to the side. "But like...the new girl was kinda pale, and had blonde hair. Someone kept making some remarks on how the girl looked like she wasn't drinking or eating healthy enough, and she needed more time in the sun. She didn't seem the type to hang outside very much, yeah? So, they took her outside....But, then she started sweating really bad, and they kept making her drink water and stuff...To keep from getting heat stroke or something, yeah? At least, I hope that was why..."

"Were you watching?" Faust remarked, the girl flinching.

"W..what? No..No, I wouldn't just watch that kind of thing happen and not do anything!" Juuni remarked, a quiet pause damning her as she slumped over. "Okay, yeah, I kind of saw the whole thing. They got the football team in on it too, and they wouldn't let her leave, no matter what. Eventually, she passed out, and I went to go get someone. When I got back though, she was still laid out in the middle of the field, but like..Everyone else was gone! And, when we got closer, she was....covered in that stuff the team drinks. Gatorade, I think? It was really cold, and sticky and..lemon, I think. Cause, it was super yellow... Completely soaked her outfit through, and made it look like she....yeah."

Faust blushed a bit at the thought, picturing Juuni in a similar position, the yellow liquid pooling out from under her...

'No..No...Focus.' he snapped at himself, shaking his head.

"And then what happened?"

"Well, we took her inside.." Juuni continued, starting to walk again..Prompting him to do so as well. "And...everyone could see her just covered in that gatorade. So, someone thought it'd be funny to say she peed herself in her sleep, and people started calling her a Bedwetter. People started saying that they 'Knew' she still did, and that she was afraid to hang out with everyone, because she had lotsa accidents. Said she'd need a Diaper to do so, and...all kinds of humiliating stuff."

"Ah.." Faust sounded, thinking of that. While he rarely got attention from people like that, it was...an embarassing thought to have. He could imagine she didn't react too well to that...and Juuni nodded almost as soon as he thought this.

"So...she kind of..hasn't been at school for a week or so." Juuni remarked, averting her gaze from him again. "But..like...Everyone keeps saying that some of the students that did that to her....Well, they've been attacked by a monster. The spirit of vengeance, and stuff. No one can really remember anythin', other than some of them are found in soaked clothes. And..not the Gatorade kind of soaked."

"A...Ahhh.." Faust called, now his turn to avert his eyes. "So...You think.."

"Yeah.." Juuni stated, before taking on a serious expression. "It's gotta be her! Or, like..a monster she conjured up! A spirit of Vengeance, out to take her revenge on all of those that wronged her. She won't be able to rest, until they're all as humiliated and mutilated. Mere tatters of their former selves! Just a bunch of.."

"Nep." Faust remarked, holding up his palm. "Calm down. Have you seen the girl anywhere lately? Or like...Know where she lives?"

"Erm.." Juuni paused, rubbing the back of her head. "I...um...I kind of don't even know her name. Much less, where she lives."

"Ah.." Faust sounded, rubbing his head a bit. "That....complicates things."

"Yeah.." She replied, letting the pause linger for a bit. "We..well..Let's not let it get us down, and detract from the movie! I heard that it's like, SUPER spooky."

".....Like the skeletons?" Faust remarked, earning a familiar pout from the girl.

"No." She replied, gesturing with him. "Like, there's this high school kid.."

"Oh, so a realistic horror.." Faust interjected, prompting the girl to shake her head.

"Noooo!" Juuni snapped. "It's this high school guy who's like..really really smart. But, then he finds a book that kills people! And he has to stop it! But it like....takes over him or something!"

"Well, we'll see in a bit, won't we?" Faust replied with a small smile, chuckling. He thought about his own note at...and lightly shook his head.

'Kind of glad that I don't have THAT power.' he thought to himself, as they moved forward...and he heard the girl gasp in excitement.

"Ohmaigawsh!" Juuni piped up, gesturing at a poster. "Kaga. Mine. Rin! Is coming to our TOWN!!!"

"Ah..the Idol?" Faust remarked, glancing at the hanging poster. A girl with short, golden hair, a ribbon in her hair, and some black shorts. He'd...roughly heard of her, but never really listened.

"She's coming here! She's coming here! She's coming here!" Juuni replied, practically bouncing in place. "We HAVE to go to her concert!"

"Alright, alright.." Faust remarked, waving his hand a bit. "Sure..Sure. We'll go. I promise."

"YAAAAAAAAAAAY!" Juuni called, suddenly wrapping her arms around Faust, and squeezing him with just as much strength as he had before. He let out a choking gasp, before the girl let him go.

"Toldja" She added, sticking her tongue out as the boy held his chest.

"Well..Then we're all tied up." Faust remarked lightly, wincing slightly as they moved up in line. "So, be prepared..."

"I will be." Juuni called, with a small smirk. "Though, you sure this isn't too spooky for you? We could watch that girly movie instead, if you're scaaaaaaaared."

"I'll be fine." Faust assured, as they got up to the front of the line. "You just try to keep from screaming."

"I wilL!" Juuni challenged, pulling out her own wallet, in tandem with Faust. "Two for 'Kill-Book'"

"Alright...." the attendant called. "Two for Kill Book. There are refreshments further in, if you require. The show will start in about twenty minutes."

"Ah, thanks." Faust remarked, handing his money over alongside Juuni, the two starting in. It seemed the movie wasn't rated R, so he didn't expect much...Though, as he saw the girl bounce over to the counter...

"Large popcorn and soda!" Juuni piped up quickly, peering over. "Cola! Extra butter!"

"You sure you want all that?" Faust quipped, with a chuckle. "I mean..it IS a long movie."

Juuni paused at this, flinching and flushing...before turning around.

"I'll be FINE." she snapped, taking the snack and soda. "Better than getting hungry and thirsty halfway through, and having to leave to refresh."

"I'll take a medium, both ways myself." Faust remarked, pausing as his eyes caught some movement.

'A Blur..?' he thought, before the girl lightly tugged on his arm.

"C'mon, C'mon, We gotta get good seats!" Juuni called, dragging him along. "Let's go let's go let's GOOO!"

"A..alright." Faust called, letting the girl tug him along..as he turned back.

'It's..probably my imagination..'

======================================================================================================================================

"I told you it was a bad idea." Faust's voice called quietly, watching Juuni twist her legs over one another.

"S..shu..Shut it..Lecherous brother.." Juuni groaned, one of her hands sliding down to squeeze at herself. "H..how much longer?"

"Dunno.." Faust mused with a teasing smile in the theater. The movie had been...surprisingly tame for the first part. Introducing the protagonist, who found a notebook that could kill people with a name and a face. He experimented a bit, read a bunch of rules, and then started to pen down a bunch of names dramatically for the first big segment.

With a fascination for potato chips, and a pale, but surprisingly bony 'Spirit' following him, he went about on a rampage...

Even without an R rating, it was clear that the movie was pushing it's limits....The man's executions being increasingly brutal. From a simple heart attack, to an overdone flaying of a body (Offscreen, to preserve the gruesome mystique), to one drowning them in a bathtub of blood.

'It's just...a bit much to take seriously.' he thought as the student gave a seemingly innocent look...And the view twirled towards an officer of the law. He'd been assigned to check on the boy....To investigate....But, as the investigation went underway...

Suddenly, the screen went black. Everyone in the theater seemed to fall silent..As the camera came back...and faded away again...In..and out..the picture getting blurrier and blurrier....

"You almost caught me....Enel." the protagonist's voice called, in an imposing overtone. "But...you have failed. Therefore, I will become the world's....New..."

A sudden close-up of the boy's otherworldly companion, coupled with a sharp scare chord that sent gasps and shrieks throughout the room.

"GOD!"

Faust jumped a bit from the sudden change in tone...But, didn't deem the sight scary. The screen faded to black...and then a crimson as the detective's vision presumably bled over. It was an interesting touch...though..

"Is it over?" Faust uttered quietly, as he watched Juuni jump up from her seat.

"I..I gotta bathroom..!" she stammered, starting to dart from her seat. "J..Just..don't leave without me..!"

He could almost see a few spots glistening on her thighs...And, a glance at the seat beside him showed a patch that looked noticeably darker than the rest of the cushion. A tiny smirk formed on his lips, fully intent on teasing the girl when she returned...

When suddenly, the view came back....A timer ticking down. It seemed there was a fail-safe to the investigation...Meaning, the movie was still very much going on.

"Man..." he called to himself, leaning back. "Things just keep getting more and more complicated. Hope Nep's back soon, so she can keep up."

A few minutes passed....and she didn't return.....

The new characters were introduced, yet she didn't return.....

The protagonist had a serious talk with his companion, discussing the weight of his actions once more in an attempt to back off from what he did...and she still hadn't returned.

The music picked up, and the protagonist was having a showdown with the two, more or less face to face, his back to the wall..About to bring about his fabled 'Endgame' he'd been going on about for an hour...And the girl still hadn't returned.

"I'm worried.." he thought out loud, starting to step out of his seat as the Protagonist went on his motive rant...but, the others countered with their own. He could assure himself the movie's ending wouldn't bring about any surprises he hadn't seen coming for the past half hour...And started out.

"Sis? Nep?" He called, starting along the theater. It had been rather bustling earlier...But, as it was..the building was...Empty.

'Eerily so..' he thought, not even seeing the attendants at their previous positions. Not even a single person tearing tickets to ensure no one snuck into a movie. He turned as he thought he saw another flash of movement...But, again..nothing awaited his turned head.

"Okay, this is officially scarier than that whole movie." He remarked to himself, pacing over to the bathrooms. He'd expected the girl to be in them..Or, perhaps nearby.....But what he didn't expect...

Was a trail of clear liquid leading out of the women's room. He peered around to follow it, the trail circling around to a rear exit that read 'Emergency Exit: Do not block.'

'Come to us...'

'Come out..'

'Follow the trail..'

A medley of voices...Vaguely familiar, yet different from anyone he'd ever heard. He stepped forward, following the trail...Hearing his heart hammering in his chest.

'I should call Saril..' he thought, fingers starting to draw in the air. 'I Just..need to write her name..and..'

'No..! No..!' a voice called, higher pitched than the others. 'I didn't...! I'm not..! Please..! Please believe me..!'

Faust flinched, the sudden shift..sounding desperate. Anxious, even. His pace inadvertently picked up, as he went from a slow stride to a sprint. Saril was gone from his mind, instead worried about the voice. It sounded...feminine?

'Please...! I can't handle sunlight..! Lemme go back inside..!'

"I..is that.." Faust thought as he pushed out the door, looking down an alleyway. The trail lead around a corner...But, more worrying..

"Why...Is it so dark?" Faust called out, looking around. "It's not even Five yet...Why.."

The sounds of sniffling could be heard ringing out, the same feminine voice sobbing openly. He darted down the alleyway, hearing the voice call out once more.

'I'm not...like that...I'm really not..! You believe me, right Neppy?'

'Huh? A..Ah..Sure..' another, hauntingly familiar voice called out. It sounded like...

"Sis..!" he called out, rounding the corner to see the girl's body, laid out. The wet trail ended at her skirt, a sizable puddle pooled under her bum. He started to move to her side, raising a hand up. "Siiiii-"

"Silent.." another voice called, as he felt hands brush on his neck. "You....You're different..You.."

"A..Ah..." He sounded, feeling the hands cup his chin. The voice was oddly androgynous, impossible to discern....Yet, as his eyes tried to turn, a blue glow seemed to cup his face.

"You...smell so...So...!"

He couldn't hear what the voice called, the voice dipping to a whisper. However, what he did notice was a strange, pricking sensation around his neck. What felt like two fangs plunged into him, the rest of the teeth grinding against his neck. Something was...biting him...Draining him.....

And, as the blue gave way to red, and his vision started to fade...A last voice rang out..All too familiar, and teasing.

"My my...You attract all kinds of trouble, don'tcha Lover Boy?"

'Penny..!" Faust thought, as the glows suddenly faded...and he saw the girl's blurred figure. Her scythe had been drawn, and he could see several glowing blue marks being bisected, torn asunder....And, they shifted to white, illuminating the artificial darkness. More blue glows faded as time went on, and his vision started to find itself...Letting him see what had gripped him.

Another girl, who looked roughly a year or two younger than him. Blonde hair dangled over her shoulders, a crimson dress hugged an average frame...and piercing crimson eyes gazed at the huntress across from her. Faust could feel a wetness oozing from his neck, red marks finding it's way to his clothes as the two had an odd sort of stalemate.

"Heh.." Penny's confident voice sounded, reeling back her scythe. The blonde girl seemed to be lost in some kind of trance, looking more like a lion circling a wounded gazelle. Crimson dripped from her chin, lapped up by a hungry tongue.

'Is she..' Faust thought, watching as the blonde seemed to leap towards Penny. He braced himself for the impact, going to cover his eyes to avoid witnessing the killing blow..One way or another.

'Smack...Smack Smack...Smack!'

He paused at the sound, peeking through his hands to see...

"O..Oh gods.." He uttered weakly, the blonde being held over Penny's knee, a dress pulled up to show off neon pink underwear that cupped a petite rump tightly. As if on cue, Penny let a hand rain down on the backside of the girl, the same sound ringing out.

'Smack..Smack Smack!'

"A..Ahhnnn!! S..Stahhhhp..!" the blonde's voice called, tears welling up in her eyes. They had lost their crimson glow, instead looking more like a muted rouge. "T..that hurrrrrrrrts..!"

"Bear with it." Penny's voice called, bringing her palms down once more with another resounding Suh-mack "This is both treatment, and your punishment!"

Faust could feel the same kind of wetness that dripped down his neck coming from his nose at this...Though, as Penny spanked the blonde viciously, the blue aura seemed to return again....from circling the blonde, to ascending once more.

'A..Ahhhnn...! I..I'm so sorry...! It won't happen agaaaain!' the voice called, as Penny glared up.

"It'd better not!" She snapped, bringing down another Suh-MACK. "Cause, next time you're gonna get a hundred with a Ruler!"

The wispy essence seemed to tense up, and vanish at this....leaving the awkward trio in the alleyway alone.

"P..Please...! I..If you keep doing that.." the girl croaked, her face flushed red with effort, and tears dripping down her face. Yet, even as she pleaded and begged...

SMACK

"A..Ahhhnn!" the blonde called, writhing in Penny's grip...before a different sound filled the alleyway. Faust could feel the red forming on his face, and the blood dripping down more as his body caught on faster than his mind did.

"Ohhh, golly. Lookit that." Penny mused, her fingers drumming on the girl's rump. "Looks like you've gone and wet yourself, sweetie. I suppose that nasty spirit is to blame for all of those bad decisions you made. Too much juice, and not enough potty breaks, love?"

"A.Awuuuu.." The girl sniffled, as a stream gushed down her thighs, pooling under the two. "I..I couldn't help it..! It was just...and...It.."

"Yea, yeah." Penny mused, waving her hands a bit. "Do your business, then we'll chat. 'Kay?"

The blonde girl sniffled, before giving the girl a small nod. While she had started by just flooding herself, the girl had enough control to halt her flow for a few moments, and squat down proper to relieve herself. Faust couldn't see anything under her carefully tucked dress....But he could certainly hear it through the alleyway.

'L..lewd..' he thought, wondering why the group hadn't paid him any mind in the matter. As he tried to fight his way to his feet though, his body felt...strangely heavy once more. 'Oh no..is it another succubus?'

"Oi, Loverboy. One blink if you're alive, two if you're dead." Penny's voice called, gesturing towards him. The boy leaned as best he could, slowly blinking for the woman to see. "Ahh...I see. Well, I think you deserve a tiiiiiiiiny bit of an explanation..If you're still awake, that is."

Faust groaned as best he could, slowly blinking once more as the woman moved over to him. Firm hands lifted him off the ground, his soles resting on the concrete, even as his head hung.

"See...You just kinda got wrapped up in a spirit's nasty doing." she stated, patting his shoulder. "They tend to wander around the movies around this time, and mess with anyone that has some strong emotions. Be it despair, anxiety, joy....Lecherous Taboos.."

"A.Ah..!" Faust snapped, fighting with all of his might to protest, but feeling the girl's fingers pressing to his lips.

"I'm kidding, lover boy." she mused, twirling her fingers. "Now, I know you prolly wanted to enjoy the view, and the movie...buttttt, I think you're about to conk out soon. So, I'll have to catch you a bit later in the day, savvy?"

"I..I'm fi.." he started, feeling his body grow heavy once more.

"I'll make sure ya make it home safe." Penny's voice assured, the last semblances of thought crossing his mind. He opened his mouth to protest...

======================================================================================================================================

Yet, as he opened his eyes, he was laying on his couch. A note was plastered to his chest, scrawled out in a violet handwriting.

'When ya get this, come to the midnight Cafe. Alone.' -'Penny and Friend'

Faust looked around his apartment, heading to the bathroom to check himself for marks, or his clothes for stains. As he peered in the mirror though...

"Huh..I don't have any bite marks.." he thought, looking it over. "Or..any bloodstains."

It was likely that they had changed him when they took him back..Though, the thought brought a touch of a flush to his face. As he reach for his phone though, it made a weak pittering sound.

Battery low. Shutting down..'

"Ah Hell.." Faust snapped to himself, setting the phone on his charger, and looking outside the window. What had been a bright sunlight, and a brilliant day....

Had given way to a late night, with a full, bright moon. He looked back at the note he had on his chest, slightly slumping over as he turned to the door.

"Going out so late? How Delinquent of you." Saril's voice mused, with a chuckle. Faust didn't even respond at this point, pacing out the door with a quick stride. The door was shut a bit harder than he expected to be pushing...But, he was just so...confused.

"What..happened earlier?" He thought, rubbing his head. "I was watching the movie..Neppy got up..then..." he thought, hands brushing over where he'd been..(or at least, was sure) bitten..Yet, he showed no marks. It worried him....

But, as he circled over it for what felt like the tenth time, a familiar voice waved him over.

"Yooo! Over here, Loverboy!" Penny's quipping remarks called, gesturing to a table she was sitting at with the blonde. "You were asleep all day...Flanny here was worried about you."

Faust had roughly a dozen questions for the girl, yet through some strange compulsion, the most important one was...

"Flanny..?" he remarked, a small frown expressing distaste.

"Y.Yeah, that's me!" the blonde called, bowing. "My name's Flandmir Treepes. Flan, for short."

"Interesting name.." Faust remarked, hesitantly taking his seat. "So...Flan..Penny..What.."

"I toldja before, it was a spirit." Penny interjected, holding up a finger to a waitress. "They tend to wander around, and possess people with strong feelings. Desires, phobias, fears..The usual. And, they tend to cause all kinds of trouble...Though, less so if the feeling ain't strong. Like, if you just REALLY want popcorn, versus some severe psychological trauma."

"I..see.." Faust stated blindly, looking over the blonde again. Some kind of severe trauma...?

"Turns out Flanny here had a mild case of the bullies." Penny mused, with a twirl of her drink. "And, since they kind of messed with her, she had these nasty bad feelings of wantin to get back at em. But, she didn't wanna hurt em, only humilate em like she'd been."

"I kind of wanted to hurt em, but....That's okay, right?" The girl interjected, quietly. "Like...maybe just a really bad bruise on the tailbone, or something. Inconvenience em, but not anything too serious."

"That's perfectly fine, Flanny." Penny addressed, patting the girl's head. "My intuition says that the girl you were with was either one of the bullies, or someone that just happened to know, but didn't do anythin bout it. So, the spirit made her lash out at it. Don't worry, she's fine. Took her to her place too, and she's none the wiser. Woke up a while later, and was more 'mbarrassed about peeing herself in front of you than hurt. You oughta apologize to her later."

"Right.." Faust remarked, nervously as the blonde bowed.

"I..I will." Flan stated, a cup in front of her being sipped at idly. "Th..though.."

"And, as I'm sure you're just dying to know.." Penny added to Faust, between sips of her own drink. "Flanny here...Maybe kind of sort of totally took a sip of your blood."

Faust let out a small snicker at this, almost rolling his eyes.

"What, Like a Vampire?" He casually offered, the girl leaning up with a finger.

"Half Vampire." Flan corrected, putting a finger in her mouth to show some brilliant fangs. "I can drink blood, or survive on human foods and stuffs. My mom's a nurse, so she gets me blood bags all the time, and I accent my meals with it, but.."

"...what.." Faust called softly, his hands clasping to his neck again. He could almost feel the sensation from before, of fangs piercing flesh. Of his blood dripping from his neck, and nose...Of being...fed on..

"Don't worry, half bloods can't sire new vampires." Penny assured, with a chuckle. "And, to stop you while you're behind, Garlic, Holy water, and crosses do nothing to em. Sunlight makes them hideously uncomfortable without protection, and No. She doesn't have to be invited into your house to come in. Almost everything modern cinema covers with Vampires is a crock."

'So..no sparkling?" Faust quipped back with a nervous chuckle, the blonde girl smiling brightly....And, a small glow seeming to radiate from her.

"Only the cute ones." Penny mused, with a chuckle. "But, more than anythin, don't worry. You've just been living near a bloodthirsty being from an olden time for a few years. Nothin' to worry about."

"I swear! I never feed on people Directly!" Flan quickly remarked, placing her hands on the table. "I just...something about you just...was...irresistible. Like, it was the best smelling thing I've ever.....smelt! And your blood...straight from the source... It was...my first time feeding on a person directly...Much less, a boy.."

Faust could almost feel a chill running down his spine as the girl's voice seemed to drift off, as if slipping into a dream. The way she looked at him reminded him of Yuno...But, with a sort of fierce glare that made his every instinct beg for him to flee. The crimson eyes pierced into his very soul, freezing him in place, even as the girl started to lean in again.

"Just..one more taste.." Flan's voice drifted off, before another smack rang out, Flan stumbling forward, and clutching her bottom.

"Down girl." Penny quipped, flexing her hands again. "Don't make this a repeat of earlier."

"Sorry!" Flan apologized once more, bowing her head. "I just...Something about him is just....tempting.."

"I seem to get that a lot." Faust deadpanned, looking towards the now snickering Supernatural hunter.

"Sorry lover-boy, but you're not my type." Penny mused, making a gesture with her hands. "You're not..curvy enough."

"Oh.." Faust remarked quietly, wishing he had some sort of tea to sip to disperse the awkward silence.

As the group made small talk about the situation, and how things would probably return to normal, Faust felt exhaustion creeping up on him again.

"So, I'll take care of Flanny and her things..So long as you do yourself, Faust." Penny stated, twirling her hands. "Think you can do that, Lover boy?"

"I..Yeah." Faust stated quietly, his head dipping a bit. "I'm..gonna head home and go back to bed now."

"Alrighty then." Penny mused, turning to Flan. "I'll take care of Flanny here, and we'll see ya when we do...okay?"

"Bye Fauuuuuuuust!" Flan's voice cooed, waving her hands at the boy as he paced off.

"Bye Penelope, Flandmir." he called, waving back absentmindedly as he paced home.

The steps felt longer than before, and his body seemed to almost sag once more as he trudged towards his bed.

'So Tired..' he thought, closing his eyes as his face met the pillow....and he drifted off into the night.

=======================================================================================================================================

'Warm..'

That was his first thought. Something was warm, in his bed. While he brushed it off as the sun shining in through the window, a different sensation brought him to reality.

'Psssssssssh'

"W..wha?!" he sounded, suddenly Throwing the covers back, and looking down. A head of silver was curled up in the bed with him, what looked like a moat flowing out from under her.

"G'morning, Fauuuuust." Youmu's voice mused out, with a playful pout. "Sowwy...I couldn't hold it.."

Psssssssssssh..psshpshhhh.

Another gush of sounds...and a twist to his other side. Pink hair matted to the girl's neck, as the girl stretched out. Magenta eyes looked back at him, with a vulgar smile.

"Yuno couldn't either..." the girl's voice cooed, gesturing down at her warm, wet lap. Faust couldn't quite believe his eyes, the two girls shamelessly soaking in his bed....After whatever had happened.

"Ah..! Fauuuust!" a third voice mused, the blonde from the previous night darting in. "Faust honey, Lemme drink your blood some more! I'll do that thiiiiiiiing you like~. When I just drinkie too much and...I just...Ahhh..!"

PshPSH

A spray of liquid gushed out from under her dress, punctuated by a few more gasps. His eyes closed for a bit at this, his head spinning.

'This can't be real.' he thought, closing his eyes. 'This is a dream..right? Yeah..I'm gonna wake up..and it'll all be..normal.'

He tried to focus on waking up...on getting out of his dream....Of snapping to reality...

And lo and behold...With another swirl of his mind, and the light breaking through the window, he found himself rousing from his own slumber again.

"Nnn...I was kind of hoping it wasn't a dream.." he thought, pulling himself out of bed in a daze. He drowsily staggered towards the bathroom at this, preparing for his morning routine.

"Umm..Faust?" Saril's voice called, the boy turning.

"What?" he snapped, a bit more sour than intended. The Etheral Goddess opened her mouth, before making a down gesture with her hands.

"I think you'd better see for yourself."

"....What."

Faust glanced downward, his expression going from a drowsy frown, to a panicked gasp. Hands gripped his face shakily, as he let out a surprisingly shrill shriek.

"W..Why...Why am I a Girl all of the sudden?!"

Saril's laughter could almost be heard throughout the whole building....Whether she intended to be, or not.

[Chapter 12: Troubling Terror, End]

*040*2016-06-05 03:14

[Chapter 13: Twists, and Turns]

"It's not funny, Saril!" Faust's voice snapped, the Goddess holding her sides in uproarious laughter, before wiping a tear away.

"O..Ohhh, it's hysterical, hon." she mused, grinning. "Just..your expression..and reaction... I knew this was a good idea."

"YOU did this?!" Faust snapped, stomping her feet at the Goddess in a huff.

"No, you just spontaneously changed genders." The Goddess teased, before brushing the hair off her neck. "Of course it was me, Faust. Well, you're not quite the same Faust.....Perhaps a change of name would be fitting..."

"WHY?!" the boy-turned-girl snapped, the woman shaking her head.

"Because it's fun." The Goddess called, fluttering around. "I've been frankly bored with you the past few days....and thought I'd mix it up a bit. Maybe offer this kind of thing as a temptation, to get you to write more in the your note. To indulge more in your desires..."

"I...Ughhh." Faust snapped, puffing out her cheeks as she turned her head away. "I didn't ask for this. I Like being a guy, thank you."

"And, at midnight, you will return to being one." Saril mused, waving her hands. "But, until then, 'Fauxst', I think you should start exploring your female form. Play around a bit....You might find out you like it."

"Never." Faust snapped, the woman giggling.

"You're just moody." the Goddess mused, fluttering away. "You'll just have to deal with it. Oh, and be careful going out like that. You wouldn't want to give any of the notty boys and girls in the area...ideas, with your shamelessness."

A firm, crimson blush formed on the boy-turned girl's face, as she looked down at herself. Her shirt had been...stretched out in the chest area by a considerable amount, she could feel her stomach being exposed from the fabric being tugged up by her...expansion, and as her hands trailed down her hips...She felt a sizable curve in her figure. Sliding her hands down to the front, she was met with a sizable thigh gap....And the revelation.

"Oh my god...I'm really a girl..." Fauxst sounded, noticing that her masculinity was, indeed, missing. The blush didn't leave her expression as she seemed to take it in for a moment, hands trailing down. "...This is going to be hideously awkward."

None of her clothes were really..fit for the female form, much less one with..endowments like hers. She looked into the mirror, running her hands over her body again.

"Long green hair....Wide hips....Big tits.." she noted in turn, as her hands cupped down. "And..I don't remember my butt being this big."

The initial shock had worn off...But, she was still rather bothered by the turn of events. She'd have to be a girl for the day, before turning back to normal. That..complicated things.

"Well...at least it's Sunday." Fauxst noted with a sigh of relief, eyes briefly glancing down to see her plump chest expanding. A breath in....a breath out...

"Oh goodness.." Fauxst called after a bit, sliding her hands back to her sides. "I.....I was just..At myself..."

She wasn't sure when she started blushing, but she had inadvertently started staring. It was just....there...

"Gotta get my mind off of it." She stated to herself, pacing around to the kitchen. "I'll..make breakfast! Yeah...Yeah, that'll get my mind off of things."

She quickly paced to the kitchen, hands swinging at her sides carefully.

Boing...boing...boing..

"Nnn...That's going to be distracting." Fauxst remarked to herself, opening the cupboard..and paling. "Ohhh no..."

Empty......

Her cabinets were completely deprived of food. Which meant, if she wanted to eat sometime today...

"I'll..have to..." She called with a gulp, a wry expression finding it's way to her face. "G...Go..out like this."

She could feel her heart racing at this, feeling a tightness in her throat. She...was not practiced at all in the art of being feminine...And, if anyone she knew recognized her like this....

"I'll never be able to explain it.." Fauxst stated, going to her closet to try to form some semblance of a proper outfit..and took a deep breath.

"Well..here goes..Nothing."

========================================================================================================================================

'Ugh..this is more troubling than I thought.'

The boy-turned girl was siting quietly at her own table, idly pawing at her food. She'd managed to find a shirt that stretched out enough to cover the majority of her upper body, even if she felt a breeze along her stomach still. She was wearing one of her pairs of boxers with an elastic band...That barely stretched to cup her hips firmly.

'Can feel the elastic digging into me..' she thought with an uncomfortable wince, lightly crossing her legs over one another. Her pants were feeling tight against her because of her wider hips....And, it made her wince to have to bend, twist, and turn.

"Nn...at least I haven't met anyone that recognizes me." Fauxst stated to herself, taking a drink of her soda. She sighed, taking her tray to the trash can, and setting it up.

'And I am SICK of people staring.' she thought, snapping a cold glare at a boy looking up. 'I know! I know they're big, but that's NOT an invitation, people!'

She turned her nose up at this, before starting out of the food court she was in. People were staring as she walked by...Some were more blatantly ogling her..And well...

'Maybe..' she thought, wincing as she felt her pants squeezing at her more. 'I should..try to get some better fitting clothes.'

It would just be an outfit or two...in case this sort of thing happened again. If it would get people to stop ogling her, and make her more comfortable when she had to be in this form.

"Damn Saril.." she uttered under her breath, pacing down the mall.

Boing....boing..boing.

"Ugh..." Fauxst groaned, looking up at the nearby stores. There was a store specifically for undergarments...One that sold all of the top-of-the-line designer clothes...And then, there was the department store. She looked at the three stores...before shaking her head.

"I just need a fitting outfit." Fauxst said to herself, starting into the department store and glancing around. "Now...where is the women's..."

"And then, he was like.." a familiar voice called lightly, before Fauxst felt something walk into her..endowments.

Boooo-ing!

"A..awhaaa..!" Fauxst quickly sounded, as she backed up into a rack of clothes. "A..Ahhnn."

"O..Ohhh..Ohhh I'm sorry!" the perpetrator called, Fauxst flushing slightly as the girl looked back. "I just..I wasn't looking where I was going, and.."

"It was an accident." Another girl's voice added, making Fauxst blush even brighter. Though her arms went over her breasts, what had really had provoked her response..

Was that she recognized the two. The one that had walked into her was Ellie Troit, from school....And the other..

"Please, forgive her." the other girl called, with a bow. Emerald hair, tied back into a ponytail...A white blouse that cupped a modest, but pleasant figure...And, a black skirt that trailed to her thighs.

"A..Ahh..Don't say it like that, Wynn." Ellie responded. "You make it sound like It was a crime..and I just...kinda.."

"It's...fine." Fauxst uttered, lightly lowering her arms from her bosom. "I was just...surprised, is all. No harm, no foul."

"Ahhh..thank you.." Ellie replied with a nervous chuckle, rubbing the back of her head. "Say..I don't think I've seen you around here before.."

"A.Ahh.." Fauxst remarked, quickly averting her eyes from the girls as they moved in closer.

"I dunno...she seems kind of familiar.." Wynn stated, turning her head a bit to look over Fauxst's figure. "Something about her...."

"I...I just got here.." Fauxst quickly stammered, feeling a light flush. "I'm...Faux...."

It was the dumbest excuse..the dumbest alias...and quite possibly, one of the dumbest moments of her life. Though..

"I'm Wynn." the emerald-haired girl called, holding out her hand. "Wynn Tatsumaki."

"Ellie. Ellie Troit." the lime-green haired girl called, bowing her head. "Sorry for...That."

"Ahaha..It's..fine." Fauxst replied, taking the girl's hand awkwardly, and starting to pace. "I'm..just kind of here to get some clothes. I..had to wear someone else's.."

"Ahhh.." Wynn called, before turning to match her pace. "Well, maybe we could help you!"

"Right! As an apology to...crashing into you." Ellie quickly chimed in, moving to her other side. "I'll buy you an outfit! Just..not one of the super expensive ones, okay? Think of it as a..welcoming present to our town."

"A..Aha..thanks." Fauxst replied with a bit of uneasy gratitude, lightly flushing. She wanted to avoid the two girls, but he didn't want to appear cold, or suspicious. As she paced around the store to look at the clothes though, her face paled a bit.

'G..girl's clothes are expensive.' she thought with a flinch, the lime haired girl reaching over to grab something.

"Ah..! Look! This skirt's on Sale!" the girl called, turning to hold up a Crimson skirt that looked like it's go down to her hips....and maybe pass Fauxst's thighs, if she was lucky.

"This shirt could be cute." Wynn's voice called, holding up an emerald top.

"A..ah..what about this..?" Faust remarked, holding up a purple halter-top. It would show off their shoulders, but...

"Umm..Iunno." Wynn replied, lightly frowning.

"It..could be..?" Ellie replied, in an uneasy expression. Fauxst lightly paused, chuckling nervously.

"I..I'll let you pick for me." Fauxst remarked, moving over. "I'll..go find somewhere to sit for a bit."

"Ah..That's not what.." Ellie started, watching as Fauxst moved over.

'I really don't get this girl thing.' Fauxst thought to herself, finding a bench a short ways away, and sitting down on it. Even in a female form, Fauxst still felt more than a bit masculine...Though, she felt a bit hurt at their reactions.

"A..Ahh..Faux.." Ellie's voice called by the time Fauxst found a bench, pacing over. "I..I just wanted to say I was sorry. I'm just..kinda messing up all over today, yeah?"

"It's..fine." Fauxst replied, lightly shaking her head. "Don't worry about it. I'm not very..fashion-conscious. It's fine."

"Still, I feel really bad.." Ellie started again, Fauxst holding up a hand.

"Just..pick out something....cute for me." Fauxst replied, lightly. "And..don't worry so much."

"Okay..." the lime haired girl acknowledged...before pausing. "O..Oh..! And...One more question..if you don't mind."

"Shoot." Fauxst sounded reflexively. "I mean..go ahead."

A flush could be seen on Ellie's face, as an awkward silence fell over the two.

"Well..it's just...I mean." Ellie started, the air growing tense. "When I...And you...I'll..just say it...."

Fauxst leaned in at this, gesturing wit her hand for her to go on. The girl seemed to be having a lot of trouble enunciating...Before..

"Are you...kinda-sorta-not-wearing-a-bra?"

Bluuuuuuuuuush

"W..Well..It's just...I mean...I.." Fauxst stammered, eyes glancing every other way, but the direction of Ellie. The same kind of expression formed on Ellie's face, the two's gazes constantly darting around.

"Th..that's okay! I..I mean." Ellie stammered, flushing. "There was just.and when I...And some girls don't like..but...I.."

"It's. it's just..I don't have...Because..well.."

"R..right.." Ellie stammered, before gesturing back. "I'll...be right back, Faux! W..Wynn's probably..worried about me."

"O..okay." Fauxst replied meekly, her eyes resting on the ground. It was an...unexpectedly embarrassing topic for the girl...Though, at least the other girl was just as embarrassed.

'About the only Solace I can take in this.' Fauxst thought to herself, sighing. As she tried to busy her mind with something else though...

PANG

"Oh no.." Fauxst thought, suddenly crossing her legs. She'd been drinking soda carelessly at the food court...And, boy or girl..She still had needs. Needs that would need to be tended to. Eyes glanced around for the bathrooms at this, an uneasy flush coming to her face. "I don't even know how it..works...Though, I feel like I'm going to find out, soon enough.'[/i]

Before she could stand up though, the girls quickly moved back over to her side.

"Ah..We've found some stuff for you to try on." Wynn called, the shy lime haired girl hiding behind her. "Shall we go over to the changing room, and try some stuff on?"

"A..Ah..? Sure.." Fauxst replied nervously, getting off the bench with a small wince. She hadn't felt pressure in this way before..But, if it was like in her male form, it wouldn't be too pressing for a little longer. She quietly strode over with the girls to some secluded rooms, where they passed her some garments.

"Just try these on for a bit, and we'll head out." Wynn assured, handing him a few hangers. "If you like any of them, then we can get em, and head out. Okay?"

"O..okay." Fauxst replied, meekly taking the outfits, and starting into the room. She closed and locked the door, before glancing over them.

There was a long, teal Dress...A pair of black jeans, and a crimson top....A purple button up shirt, and a short, blue skirt...

The teal dress went over her shoulders, and came down just above her ankles. It was a long, proper outfit...but, at the same time..

'Too..girly' Fauxst thought, sliding it off to put on the jeans and top. The shirt felt a bit tight around the chest, but it at least covered her better than her previous outfit. The jeans were...less tight on her than the pants she wore previously...But, they gave her bladder a bit of unwanted pressure.

'Nnnngh..I can't wear this right now..' she thought, quickly unbuttoning, and tugging the jeans off as she writhed. Her fingers slid down to the crotch of her boxers, biting her lip softly as she tried to hold herself.

'It'll be fine...I can hold it.' Fauxst thought, before getting to the last one. The shirt buttons were surprisingly firm in their positioning, and it let her adjust how much of her chest was shown. Fauxst's eyes were glued a bit to her ample bosom again...but, she quickly shook her head again, as she buttoned herself up quickly.

'I gotta stop checking myself out.' Fauxst thought to herself, before picking up the skirt. She wrapped the fabric around her, and fumbled with the clasp a bit....Before fastening it.

"You know..this isn't too bad.." she thought out loud, turning around. "It's..a bit...air-y, but it feels nice at least."

She'd be in trouble if there was so much as a stiff breeze, but Fauxst paid it no mind. She undressed herself one last time, before changing back into her previous clothes..Bracing as she fastened her pants button again.

"Nnnn..." she sounded, before grasping the things, and pushing open the door. Wynn and Ellie were waiting for her still, holding bags of their own at their sides.

"Ah..! How were they?" Wynn asked, quickly moving to her side.

"A..Ah..They were fine." Fauxst replied quietly, averting her gaze from the girl again. "Though...Think we could stop by the bathroom in a bit..? I need to..."

"Change? Understandable." Wynn cut off, starting to push Fauxst along. "Let's go buy em up then, and move on."

"A..Ahh..!" Fauxst sounded, unable to fight the surprisingly insistent girl's shove, as they went to the counter. Fauxst didn't have time to pull out her wallet, before Ellie leaned over, sliding a card.

"It's on me." The lime haired girl called, with a smile. "Consider it a welcoming present, Faux."

"A.Ah..thanks." she replied, blushing slightly as she felt her bladder panging a bit louder. She bit her lip softly, taking her clothes with her as she glanced around.

"W..where are the bathrooms here..?" Fauxst replied quietly, as the emerald haired girl took her hand.

"This way." Wynn directed, tugging Fauxst along the Mall. She could feel her urge growing...and dully throbbing....Though..

"Ah.and here we are." Wynn stated, pushing open the door. "Come on, let's get you into one of those cuter outfits."

"A..Aaa.." Fauxst whimpered, starting in as she lightly trembled. Her need was getting..bad...But..

"And here.." Wynn whispered, holding a bag out to the girl. "I got you something for your...Bust. This should help keep people from staring at you too much."

"A..Ah...Thanks.." Fauxst replied meekly, as the group made it into the stalls. There were three stalls....But, before she could think of going into one..

"Dibs!" Ellie stated, quickly moving into the first stall with a rushed pace. No sooner had she taken one, did Wynn take another..Leaving Fauxst the one in the middle. She started to move into the stall, the bags at her side making maneuvering..difficult.

'Maybe I should change out here..' she thought to herself, starting to unbutton and slide off her pants. Hands went over the bags at this, tugging at the skirt that had been bought..and fastened it to her hips. 'Mmmm..Much better.'

One of the other bags tilted to grasp at the button up shirt...Fauxst looking it over. 'Ah...before this..'

She gulped again, before reaching for the bag Wynn gave her specifically. A hanger was lifted up out of it, green fabric in a familiar shape dangling from it.

40DD

"O..Oh.." Fauxst softly uttered, doing her best to put it on, and try to not blush at the knowlege of her..size. Her straps went over her shoulders, her girls hesitantly cupped...and with a slight stretch....

Ka-lick.

The clasp in the back was fastened, luckily.

'Not bad for a first time.' she thought, lightly lifting the bra to make her girls bounce up...and then back down. It took Fauxst a few moments to realize though, that something was missing from the bathroom scene.

'They aren't..' Fauxst thought, before a series of twin hisses rang out in the bathroom. Red formed to her face, before another sensation crossed her mind.

'Drip'

"A...Ahhh..!" Fauxst quickly stammered, warmth spreading into her underwear as she scampered into the stall. Hands fumbled with the waistband, before yanking it down, plopping her rump down on the commode.

'Pssh....GUUUUUUUUUUUUUUSH

"O...Ohhhhhhhhhnnn..." Fauxst groaned, feeling her own waters starting to flood out from her. Warm, clear pee gushed from her nethers, spraying all over the toilet seat, Fauxst's control fading away in moments to the pure..blissful relief. "Ohhhh..Ohhh Gods.."

"Wow...You really had to go, didn't you?" Ellie's voice called, making Fauxst blush bright red. She'd forgotten she went in there with the other girls..And, well...

"I...er..Umm..I've been holding all morning." Fauxst replied with a blush, leaning up to shut the door as she felt her stream continue to gush. A nervous blush could have very well burned itself into her face at this, waiting for the telltale signs of flushing from the other stalls.

"We'll.....give you time to finish changing." Wynn's voice called lightly, knocking on her door. Fauxst struggled to find a proper excuse, before nodding to nothing.

"Sur....I mean.....Okay." Fauxst replied meekly, waiting a few moments for her stream to taper off. Toilet paper was torn, and her sensitive area was wiped..before she eventually made it out of the stall. The button up shirt was grasped and donned, Fauxst grabbing the rest of the bags with a slight flush, washing her hands as she went out. The two green haired girls were waiting for her as she stepped out...Healthy blushes on their faces as well.

"We..well..Sorry about.." Wynn started lightly..

"We didn't mean.." Ellie added, as Fauxst waved her hand aside.

"I..it's okay." Fauxst replied, trying to put on an easy smile. "I'll..Thanks for helping me find something nice."

The girls smiled in turn, Ellie grinning widely.

"No problem." She called, lightly bowing at her. "Hit us up sometime if you wanna hang out again."

"Alrighty, I will." Fauxst replied, nodding. "Hope I see you around again."

"I'm sure we will, Fauxst." The emerald haired girl called lightly, with a wave. Fauxst waved back, and parted ways with the two...Stopping by a convience store on the way home.

========================================================================================================================================

"Wow..the whole day, huh?"

Fauxst was carrying her things in her bags, holding a medley of snacks and beverages...along with the clothes Wynn and Ellie got for her.

The whole attire was a bit..different than what she was used to, but the feeling wasn't unpleasant...As long as the breeze behaved. She had a few close calls with having to keep it down, but all in all, her journey back home was uneventful...Until...

"Ah..? Oh no..Where's my Key.." she thought out loud as she came up on her apartment, her skirt pockets containing only her wallet. Which, didn't seem too bad, until..

'PANG'

"Oh no.." she thought, instinctually crossing her legs...before suddenly doubling down. "Ohhh..God no.."

She had been pacing around for a while, so it wasn't unheard of to have had her urges redoubling....But..

"It..It just snuck up on me.." She weakly whispered to herself, fumbling about. "Ohh Gods...Oh jeez...Where is that key.."

She could use her bathroom in the apartment...IF she could remember where her keys were. A hand quickly found refuge up her skirt, gripping herself tightly as she bounced on her hips.

"Ohhhh No...This is bad...This is bad.." she whimpered, squeezing her eyes shut as she writhed. Feet tapped against the ground as she searched all of her pockets, looking for that elusive piece of metal....Before it suddenly hit her.

"Ah..maybe..!" She thought, reaching into the bag that held her clothes...And feeling a protrusion in one of the pockets. "Yes..! It's just in my old pants."

She quickly yanked the garments from the bag, turning them upside down to get it to fall out.

'Cling..cling..'

The silver key to her bladder's salvation fell to the ground lightly, sitting a small distance away. Fauxst moved over, hunching over to pick it up...

PshPSH

Big mistake..

"A..Ahhnn..! Oh no..Oh fuck.." she softly groaned, as the warmth seeped out. No sooner had her fingers wrapped around the key, did her body's control suddenly fade from her...Positively gushing from her skirt, and warming her thighs. Rivulets of clear fluid cascaded down her thighs, and the material of her blue skirt darkened considerably, the wet patch along her thighs spreading feverishly. She whimpered, groaned, and shuddered as her body Psssssshhhhhed and splashed against the ground, her own lewd waters flowing for the second time that day...And the first time when she wasn't over a toilet. It was like one of the videos she watched so often as a guy...but...

"I..I didn't think...It would happen to me!" she groaned, lightly shaking her hips as the stream eventually tapered off, leaving her legs warm, wet, and sticky. She staggered to her feet, quickly sliding the key into the door, and turning it. Before anyone could catch her in her wet garments, she pushed into the building, stopping long enough to grab her things and slam the door shut.

"So, THAT'S going to have to go in the washer now." she called out in a huff, dropping the bags haphazardly, as she quickly peeled off her garments. The skirt was stripped off, and the now dripping boxers were peeled off, as she started past her laundry room.

"Gotta wash myself off now.." She grumbled, tossing her wet things into the washing machine, and grasping a towel. Since she would be home alone for the rest of the day, she didn't bother grabbing any clothes...Merely striding into the bathroom in a rush.

'It's odd though..' she thought, preparing the hot water and bathing materials, starting into the shower without a second thought to her now bare body. 'That was just...so sudden, and urgent. There wasn't any warning, and barely any desperation. It just...rushed out.'

The thought was a troubling one indeed, though when her hands reached down to rub at her thighs, a warmth suddenly pooled over her.

"Gotta...be tender.." She sounded, scrubbing her inner thighs...and slowly trailing up. Her fingers were careful to avoid her..naughty place....Yet as the water splashed against her, the girl felt another warm shiver.

"Ohhnnn..." she moaned softly, her other hands scrubbing at her body. Soapy hands caressed her hips, and gripped her bottom firmly....Subconciously admiring the sculpted physique she had. The more she rubbed herself down, going up from her bottom, and crossing over her breasts..The warmer her body started to feel. "Ohhh..Ohhh Gods.."

Before she knew it, hands were rubbing at her own breasts, squeezing them firmly. She'd never really felt anything like that with her hands as a guy, but in her current form.

'I..I need to stop..' she thought weakly, as one of her hands started to trail south once more. 'I...I shouldn't be doing this kind of thing..Not..Not right now.'

Soon enough, a solitary finger was rubbing...and her body writhed like she was being branded. The girl could feel her body tensing up once again..And a familiar, pressing need forming.

"O..Ohhhnn..Ohh not again.." she groaned, starting to slide to her knees. "I..I can't..I..I gotta stop..Or I'm gonna..Gonna....."

She moaned sweetly, fingers rubbing at her body in spite of her mind's resistance. She felt was she was sure was her bladder pulsing once again, already having bloated out to a wild level. Yet, every time she tried to hold herself..Every bit she tried to contain, merely ended up with her fingers brushing against her tender opening.

"O..Ohhh..Ohhh.." She whimpered, starting to buck her hips softly. "I'm gonna...I'm gonna pee...!"

The toilet was right there....It was within sight of the Shower....But, no matter how hard she tried to fight to her feet...her legs didn't work.

She couldn't get back up. And after a few more feeble attempts..

'Pssssh.'

Warm fluid spurted into her hand, forcing her to arch her back a bit, and Gasp loudly.

"I..I'm...." she whimpered, before letting out a defeated Waiiiiiiiiiiiiiil, warmth that had nothing to do with the shower gushing and cascading out of her. While it wasn't the same kind of noisy gusher as what she just had, she felt even more relief now than she ever had before.

"O..Ohhnn..Ohhhnnn.." She whimpered, panting softly, before starting to lay back in the bathtub. She'd..she'd catch her breath, and then...And....then....

Whumpf.....

========================================================================================================================================

"..Do you think it worked?"

"Did you see the look on her face? Of course it did!"

"I dunno..it still seems like a prank to me.."

"Well, if you'd have let me test it on you..."

A short ways away, the two green haired girls were conversing among one another, Wynn lightly shaking her head at the girl.

"You Know that would be dangerous." Wynn stated firmly, having a small frown on her face..but otherwise looking more stern than angry. "That's why we used it on her."

"Yeah, but we can't know for sure." Ellie replied, holding up her pen. "Look, if we just walked her home, we could have figured out for sure.."

"True, but that'd just be a bit strange, don't you think?" Wynn stated, her fingers running over a black book. "'Hi, welcome to town! Where do you live? We want to see if we can make you pee yourself with this magic book that fell from the sky, and apparently came from this mysterious woman calling herself the 'Goddess of Lust.'"

"Look, she was real!" Ellie snapped, slamming her pen on the floor. "Sure, she came to me in the middle of the night...And yeah, I just kind of had to get up to pee, and it sounds like a dream, but it's true!"

"Sure it is.." Wynn stated, lightly opening the book again. "Right up there with flying pigs, and the tooth fairy."

"Don't be so skeptical, Wynn." Another voice called, an ethereal woman with ivory skin, and a leather outfit descending from the sky...Brilliant black wings fluttering slightly. "After all, I let you use my eyes without taking anything from you. That should be enough proof to my powers."

"She what?!" Ellie snapped, leaning over. "Why didn't you tell me this?!"

"Because I didn't think you needed to know." Wynn mused, clearly teasing the other girl. "It made picking out clothes her size nice and easy. Though, her name was just..strange."

"Fauxstus Necromina." Ellie remarked, nodding her head. "It sounds similar to Faust's, but you don't think.."

"At this point, I'm not sure..." Wynn stated, shaking her head. "Though, if you want to blame someone for not writing a better description in the book, blame yourself. I'm just keeping the thing, not writing in it."

"Well, we'll just have to try someone else at school tomorrow." Ellie snapped, lightly. "Give me the book tonight, and I'll write you an Epic tale of Lewdity and desire, that results in conclusive evidence that the 'Wet Note' is real!"

"Like how you wrote 'pees herself right outside of her house?'" Wynn quipped, reading the entry. "Or perhaps 'Plays with herself in the shower, until it all flows out?'"

"They're classics!" Ellie protested, Wynn closing the book.

"They're cliche." the girl rebuttalled, sliding it into her bag. "Look, tomorrow we'll meet up, and pick a target. Something that'll be unmistakably more than a regular accident. Something vulgar, and outlandish, that results in something the whole school won't be able to shut up about for at least a few weeks."

The lime haired girl pouted, puffing out her cheeks, before relenting.

"Fine." Ellie relented, before holding up a finger. "But, if it does work...Then I get to use it on you, once."

"And if it doesn't..." Wynn snapped back quickly."You have to wet yourself in front of Faust, and everyone. No pee breaks, No excuses, no hiding behind the school when it gets to be too bad. Just drinking all day, and a full-on soaking of your clothes when it finally comes out."

"...Deal." Ellie compromised after a moment's hesitation, sticking her hand out for the girls to shake on.

Saril giggled quietly at this, glancing at the moon as it shone overhead.

'This ought to make tomorrow...Plenty interesting.' she thought with a giggle, vanishing into thin air once more to return to her 'home.'

A few hours later, Faust awoke from his impromptu nap in the shower, having finally regressed to his male form.

"Whew.." he sounded to himself, shutting off the water and climbing out. "As...unique of an experience as that was, I don't think I wanna be a girl again anytime soon."

Plus, he got some free clothes for the next time something like that happened. Despite the circumstances, the day was...far from bad.

"I just hope they aren't too disappointed to see me again." he sounded to himself, dressing himself to properly get some sleep. "Ellie and Wynn.. They're..really nice girls."

He laid down in his bed, letting his eyes start to flutter closed once again. It was some time after 1 in the morning, but school would start again tomorrow...And he needed to make sure he got some sleep to put up with it.

'Here's hoping for no surprises tommorow.' he thought as he drifted off to sleep, none the wiser to the planned, upcoming incident.

[Chapter 13: Twists, and Turns: End]

*043*2016-07-26 05:42

Faust seems to have a running joke of being slow to update...but, Faust has managed to muster up enough to get people excited, Faust feels...

Faust apologizes for the delays between posts, but Faust is just..a bit stressed from life. But, never fear! Faust is getting back into things...and, alongside the others..Faust has graced with a bit of this, and is showing off his interactive Story thread, in case anyone has missed it!

%https://omorashi.org/topic/32214-interactive-stories-by-faust/?page=3

But, aside from doing that..Faust will delay you no longer! For now..It is time to give a bit of story to the plot Faust is most known for, Another Note!

Chapter 14: Pressed for Time!

The sun's rays came through the window all too soon...And, Faust grumbled as he crawled out of bed.

"Nnn...Yesterday still feels like a weird dream.." He stated to himself, looking down to see he hadn't changed genders again, saying a silent thanks.

"Good, I don't have to figure out how school would be like as a girl." He called to himself, before getting off his bed, and starting around his apartment.

'The question is.....What kind of stuff am I going to have to deal with today?'

He wanted to hope for nothing.... But he had a bad feeling....

A short while later, Faust was nodding off by the bus stop. A bit of waiting on his own left him zoning in and out...before a familiar face showed up.

"Good morning, Faust!" Yuno's voice chimed, clasping her hands together. "Yuno is sorry she couldn't spend a day off with Faust, so she could...explore a bit more with Faust."

Faust's face blushed brightly at this, averting his gaze.

"Th..that's okay.." Faust stammered back, as the girl lightly bumped him with a grin.

"Yuno will make it up to Faust.." She mused, leaning in to whisper. "By holding it until Faust lets her..go."

Faust blushed, feeling himself get excited, as he shook his head.

"I...Erm...Okay.." he stammered back, illiciting a giggle from the pinkette, as they got on the bus to school.

The boy struggled to keep his thoughts clean as the two arrived at the school, Yuno eying the bathroom with a wary gaze...as Faust shook his head.

"You can hold it." Faust stated to the girl in a low voice, prompting a beam...and a nod.

"Mmm..Though, Yuno needs to go pick something up she forgot in Gym." the girl called. "Yuno will see you in first period, okay?"

"Oh, alright then." Faust called, before holding up a finger. "But, No peeing until I say. Or else."

The pinkette blushed lightly, bumping into the boy a bit with her hips, and starting off. Faust smiled a bit warmly, starting along in a daze....

THUMP

That didn't last...

"Oh, who the fuck.." a worryingly familiar voice called, as Faust looked where he was going. A familiar figure with red hair...An angry look, and a disheveled gaze. "Ohh..It's you, Necromonium."

"Hello, Yamakaji.." Faust flatly responded, starting to side step him. "Sorry I bumped into yo-"

"Oh, you're gonna be.." Haoul snapped, grabbing the boy by his collar, and lifting him up. "I had to deal with Miss Emil's torture....And, well..Someone has to deal with all of my aggression from all that."

"Why not a Therapist?" Faust remarked, as the boy casually took him over to a door, and thrust it open. Judging by the tables, and the sinks...It was a science lab.

"I could always just do..This." the Red haired bully snapped, taking him into the back of the room, and tossing him into what looked like a sort of locker. Before Faust could step out of it..

SLAM

It was shut.

'I wonder if he knows these things have unlocking mechanisms on the inside..' he thought, peering through the blinds in it as the boy watched him..and then started out of the room. Faust rolled his eyes, and felt around for the mechanism...Lifting it up and pushing....

Thump....

No response...

"Oh, don't tell me.." The boy called, pressing against it again...and again. He looked back through the blinds, seeing a desk up against it. "Of course...I should have known even he wasn't that stupid."

He sank back into the locker, glancing over his bag..and getting an idea.

"Well, you know.." He called, starting to reach into it. "I could just...write a name, and get out of this. I don't see why I.."

'Thump Thump Thump'

Faust glanced up through the blinds at this, seeing a pair of girls walk into the room at this, shutting the door quietly.

"Ah..Hey..!" he started to call out, before seeing a black book.

"So...we're doing this, then." one voice called, holding out the book.

"Yeah, we're going to give this...'Wet Note' A Try.." Another piped up, sounding far too excited. "Ohhh, I'm so excited! What if this works?!"

"And when it doesn't, I'll enjoy watching you suffer." the other quipped, prompting what he imagined was a scathing look.

"Well, we'll see, won't we?" the chipper girl called, pulling out a pen. "So..which one are we going for? Schnee, or Takagi?"

Faust fell back a bit at this, his face paling at the thoughts. Someone else had...a Wet note? And, by the sounds of their talking..They were about to use it.....

On one of the two worst targets for that kind of thing. His own dabbling with the note had been for his own friends, and a few girls he'd had some lust about....But...

Schnee, was Weiss Schnee. A white haired, modestly endowed girl he never even considered talking to, given her...uppity, standoffish nature. The girl acted like the queen of the world, and was one of the girls that you wouldn't dare look at the wrong way, lest you get expelled. If she'd had her way, she would run the school with an Iron Fist..probably even buy it. However....

That kind of 'Rich girl that could buy the school' trope was broken by another issue....

There were two girls like that in the school. who had such opposing viewpoints it was amazing they hadn't broken out into a wild scuffle in plain view of everyone. If one girl tried to change something, the other would simply get it changed back out of spite...And, what would have been an easy domination of the 'Penniless masses' became a power struggle between the two.

As for Takagi...That was Saya Takagi. Wheras Weiss was an uptight, petite rich girl..Saya was a more modest...But insanely well endowed girl. She had an almost unreal bust size, and her hips were the kind of things that Faust only saw in illicit magazines. In spite of, or perhaps because of this, the girl kept a bit of a level head and a modest nature....But, hoo boy did she have a temper. Faust had seen the girl a few times, but the way she glared at someone for bumping into her, much less commenting on her body that was likely on the minds of most hormone-addled boys at night....

It made the boy shudder in thought of what she'd do to them. But, more importantly...There were two girls, planning to use it on one of them. He...idly thought about staying silent and letting it unfold, but..

"Well, Schnee always wears those perfectly white clothes..." the chipper voice called, with a grin. "But...Takagi's got just such a tasty figure.."

"Keep your clothes on, Troit." The stern girl called. "You're writing an entry in the book, not a smut novel. Just write one of them doing something they'd never do, and we'll see if the book works."

"Hmm...If I can do anything.." the chipper girl called, before grinning. "Ah..! I know! They'd never associate with one of the..'Commoner riff raff' would they?"

"It's very doubtful." The stern girl replied, as he heard the skrit-skritching of pen to paper.

"Then, I'll just write.." the chipper one mused, with a grin. "'Gives...Faustus..A..Lapdance...In the....Lunchroom...At...One..Thirty..Two..PM, and..pees..all..over..him."

A bright, nearly glowing red blush made it to Faust's face, as he suddenly flinched...Now increasingly worried about being found out by the two girls.

"That's..vulgar, and lewd.." The stern girl's voice called, quietly. "Something she'll never live down....She might even be ruined by this.."

"Ah..! W..well, i said it'd be vulgar.." the lime haired girl called, before starting to skrtch-skritch. "I'll just...scratch that out..and.."

Rrrrrinnng..RING.

"Ah..! No..!" the chipper voice called, as the stern girl lifted the book.

"You can try again later, Troit." The girl called, with a sigh. "I hope for everyone's sake, that crossing out the entry will cancel it."

"Yeahhhh..Sorry. I just got a bit..overexcited." the chipper one called, starting out...As Faust held his breath a bit.

"It won't, just so you know." a familiar, sensual voice called. "You can look forward to a nice little show later today."

"Gah..! Saril..!" Faust called, before shaking his head. "What's going on..? Why do they have a note? What can."

"And, seeing as you're mentioned..You're not getting out of it." the Goddess added, with a grin. "I hope you remember your manners, Faust."

"It's not funny, Saril." He replied back, the woman chuckling.

"Well, let's put it this way.." the Goddess called, lightly flicking the door open...The desk barricade moving to the side. "Either you get to the lunchroom at that time...Or, that mystery girl will just end up showing up to Flood, Everywhere. For everyone to see, and mock her for.."

"Hrmmmth.." Faust replied, scrunching up his face. "What if...What if I wrote their names in my notebook first?"

"Wouldn't work." the goddess mused, waving her hand. "When the name is written, their fate is sealed. Oh, but you don't even know which one they wrote, do you? For all you know, your efforts to stall out, and save one...Would go to ruin as the other goes down on you.."

"Stop." Faust stated, sternly. "Is there a power I can trade off for that?"

"Regrettably, No." the Goddess added, with a small pout. "Shame..Cause I know your goody-two shoes personality would just..give it all up, for the sake of another. Even when they're what sounds like an uptight bitch that needs to get laid."

"I...Erm, well.." he started, glancing to the side. "I..can't defend their personalities..But, Surely I can do something.."

Faust put a hand on his chin, before remembering he had a class, starting out of the science room.

'It's 9:40 Now..' Faust thought, closing his eyes. 'So..I've got...Just under four hours to find a way to counteract those girl's wet note....And save the reputation of a girl that not only doesn't know I exist...But would be RUINED by..by..'

Faust shook his head, not wanting to think about it.

'Well, that..Shouldn't be too hard. I could..probably figure out who wrote it too...And find out where that second note came from.'

He paused a bit, rubbing his head as he started into the classroom, getting a bunch of stares, and a glare from the teacher.

"Sorry..Got shoved in a locker." Faust called lightly, moving into the room as Youmu and Yuno looked to him.

"Ah...I see.." the teacher called, before turning. "Well, try not to make a habit of it, Necromonium."

He moved to take his seat, the pinkette pressing against his side tightly as Youmu leaned in to whisper.

"Yuno shouldn't have left your side.." She called, gingerly. "Yuno will just have to stick to you like glue, so nothing bad can happen anymore!"

"Y..Yeah.. We'll stick by you today, Faust." the silverette added, with a nod. "That...should keep them from doing anything again."

.....

'Shit, doing this without being seen might be harder than I thought. '

[Chapter 14: Pressed for Time Part 1, End]

*044*2016-07-26 15:57

[Chapter 14: Pressed for Time, part 2]

Faust wracked his brain for the entirety of First period trying to ponder ways to get out of what was coming.

'If I don't figure out a way to change this...' he thought, picturing the two rich girls....and stifling a blush. 'Then..On top of ruining of their reputations...I have a feeling...'

He thought of both girls in turn, and their reactions afterwards.

'Y..You CREEP! I'll sue you for sexual harassment, you predator!' the white haired girl would snap, and likely make good to her word. He'd be sued out of house and home...Theoretically out of existence, if she willed it hard enough.

'Pervert..!' the ample girl would snap, before he'd...find himself short a very important set of parts. At best case, they'd only be broken, and at worse....

'Ugh...Please no..' Faust thought to himself, slumping over in his chair as the bell started to ring. First period was over, and...

"Come on Faust..Yuno will walk you to second period." the pinkette called, the silverette nodding a bit.

"Please...be careful." Youmu stated quietly. "I'll..see you at lunch then?"

"Ah...I will." Faust assured, as the group parted a bit, and Yuno clung to his arm.

"Yuno can't believe they would do something like that to Faust.." The pinkette called, indignantly. "If Yuno ever finds out who did it.."

"Don't worry about it." Faust assured, walking alongside the girl. "I'm fine, and that's all that matters now."

"If Faust says so.." The pinkette called, leaning into. "Just..don't worry Yuno like that again..okay?"

"I won't." Faust called quickly, thinking to how well he could keep that up. He wasn't entirely sure he could wriggle his way out of it this time...But....

'There has to be..some way..' he thought, as they wandered into their second class. 'To either get the girl away...Or, to clear everyone else out.'

He furrowed his brow, leaning down into his seat some more as he started to zone out.

"Alright class, it's time for a pop quiz!"

Collective groans could be heard through the classroom, as the students all started to close their books, sighing.

"Now now...Don't complain." the teacher chided, quickly. "You all knew this was coming. Now, get out your notebooks, and some scrap paper. I expect to see your work this time...and for everyone to keep their eyes FORWARD."

Faust could see Yuno slump over a bit, looking displeased. Math quizzes were always a problem..And, since he had forbade her from going to the bathroom earlier....

He could see her lightly shivering..Though, it'd completely slipped his mind to let her go before second period.

"F..Faust.." the girl stammered lightly, crossing her legs. "Could..Could you..lend Yuno some...Paper?"

Faust blushed a bit at her pleading, knowing she wanted to ask something else...as he nodded.

"Sure..Hang on." He called, reaching into his bag to tear out a piece of paper from a notebook. "Here, this should do..it."

His eyes suddenly widened a bit, as he came to a small realization. If he needed to use his notebook without being seen....

'I can tear a page out of it.' he thought, reaching up to thumb it open..and pull out a page from the Wet note. 'And...It should still function as such, yeah?'

He just had to...be careful not to write his own name on it. He felt the fine material of the paper, appreciating the quality...Before sliding it onto his desk.

The teacher began to pass out their tests, looking at each of them in turn with fierce eyes.

"Don't let me catch you looking at anyone else's paper." The teacher snapped, looking at them like criminals daring to try something. "Or there will be hefty punishment. You have 30 minutes. Begin."

'Thirty minutes...' Faust thought, closing his eyes. 'That's more than enough time to think of something...I hope.'

Twenty five minutes later, Faust was slamming his head against the desk.

'I'm so stupid..stupid stupid.' he thought, groaning. The test was an afterthought, having been completed in the first few minutes....But, the other issue...

"Eyes front, Gasai." The teacher snapped. "Nothing's gonna come save you from your study-free life."

Faust scowled as the teacher picked on Yuno, seeing a brush of pink on her face. He looked down at his own test at this....Idly considering thumbing it to Yuno, but knew it would end in disaster either way. A few more minutes passed, and then...

"Pencils down." The teacher called, sharply. "The test is over! I expect you all to own up to how well you did.."

"Yuno thinks math should die in a fire." The girl called coldly under her breath, prompting half a snicker from Faust.

"I'll teach you a bit la...ter.." Faust called, before suddenly coming to a realization. "That's it..!"

"What is, Necromonium?" the teacher called, prompting him to blush.

"Ah..no.." he replied, shakily. "Was just...thinking of something..for science class.."

A stern gaze...and a small sigh.

"Please try to keep your outbursts to yourself, Necromonium." The teacher called, starting to head out around the room. "Now, I'll need everyone's papers and tests now.."

Faust quickly clenched a corner of his paper, tearing it sharply into a corner....As he stacked them atop each other.

"Necromonium." the teacher stated, as he handed his over. "Gasai.."

The pinkette handed her test over sullenly, looking like the world was coming down around her. Faust couldn't help but feel a bit bad for the girl...As he started to skrt-skrt into the small piece of paper he tore.

'Almost....got it.' He called, before shoving the piece of paper into his pocket, and closing his eyes a bit. 'Phew..Now, I just have to..hope that things turn out as I hope.'

Faust let out a sigh of relief, as the teacher stacked her tests on her desk...And glanced over the class.

"Well, now that the test has been completed...." The teacher started, tapping at the board. "Let's review what it was over..."

Another chunk of soul-crushing mathematics later, the bell finally rang to end the merciless lesson.

"Alright..Dismissed." The teacher called, prompting everyone to get out of their seats, and start along.

'Yuno is sure she bombed that test.." the girl called, pressing into Faust. "Yuno's gonna need remedial math lessons.."

"It'll be fine, Yuno." Faust called, gently patting her head. "Just...Gotta go with the flow, yeah?"

"Uuu..Faust is teasing Yuno.." the pinkette called, squirming far more openly. "Can yuno...please go piddle now?"

"After lunch.." Faust assured, with a smile. "Then, you can go all you need to."

The pinkette whimpered, but nodded, leaning into.

"Okay..." The girl whimpered, starting along with Faust. The boy glanced up at the clock at this, looking at the time.

'1:05..' he thought to himself, closing his eyes. 'It won't be long now..'

The two met up with Youmu, and started about lunch quietly.

1:10.....

1:15.....

1:20.....

Faust idly nibbled at his food, eyes glancing towards the cafeteria doors. If the notes were genuine, then likely...

"Hrmpth..don't expect me to thank you." an unfamiliar voice called, prompting the boy to turn...Along with just about every other set of eyes. A familiar, curvy figure started through the door held by another boy...Arms folded under her ample bosom.

'....I forgot how busty she was.' Faust idly thought with a blush, letting out a small sigh. He almost wished he hadn't solved the situation...

THUMP

Almost. Though, as the boy tore his eyes away from the pinkette with the little prod, he turned to see a different face looking down at him. Another stern, regal expression, looking down on him as if he were an animal.

"I presume this seat isn't taken?" a cold, stern voice stated plainly. Judging by her tone and the ferocity of the statement...It wasn't phrased like the question it was...It was more like a statement...A fact.

"It's not.." Faust replied quietly, as the white haired girl he'd heard about earlier took her seat. A cold, firm expression....And similar white clothes hugged a modest form. She wasn't shapely, but she had a strangely alluring air about her. However..

"Miss Konpaku, I presume?" the girl called, extending a hand. "My name is Weiss Schnee. You may know me from my family's enterprise.."

"Ah...vaguely.." The silverette replied quietly, taking the girl's hand. "Nice to meet you...Miss Schnee."

"Please...call me Weiss." the girl called, with a small smile. "Now...I have been recently notified of a certain quandary..and something regarding..business between our fathers. Would it be wrong of me to ask for you to.."

"Fathers..?" Faust stated quietly, as the girl snapped a cold glare at him.

"Silence...I am speaking with Konpaku on a very pressing matter." The girl snapped, showing that her polite tone was not for the whole table...But, reserved specifically for the girl. "Now..where was I..?"

"You were telling everyone about your 'Vast wealth and status.'" Another voice called, the pinkette that strode in stopping by the table. "Look, just because you're loaded doesn't mean that you gotta tell everyone about it every waking moment of the day, Schnee."

"Silence, Takagi." the white haired girl snapped back, glaring. "Just because I lead a regal lifestyle does not mean I feel the need to throw around my name and presence on everyone. I was simply..conversing with Konpaku here about a matter concerning our fathers.."

"Oh really.." the pinkette called, folding her arms. "Well, when your money is ALL you have, I'm sure you can see why one would presume you were talking about it. Goodness knows you weren't discussing fashion tips, or seduction methods.."

"You'll have to forgive me.." the white haired girl snapped back, leering up at the girl. "But, I have much more than 'Just money'. Just because I'm not shaped like a pin-up model for the common masses to ogle doesn't mean I lack in other departments."

"You vulgar bitch..." the other girl called, as they matched glares...The situation warranting Faust to sink into his seat out of worry.

"Um..You wanted to talk to something about my dad, Weiss?" Youmu's voice called, breaking the tension as Weiss turned.

"Oh, yes..!" she started, leaning over. "Well..I know you probably can't convince your dad to..well..do something about his job, but..My father is rather ill, and.."

"He's probably sick of dealing with such a stuck-up brat of a child." Takagi called, prompting the white haired girl to nearly snarl...Worrying Faust he would see bloody murder before either note's effects could take effect.

"And...I was just wondering if you could possibly...." the white haired girl called, looking like it was taking every ounce of her willpower to not strangle the girl there. "Maybe..ask your father if...They have any sort of business. I would be so grateful, and I could make it worth your while.."

"Umm..Well.." Youmu started, before suddenly a LOUD sound started to fill the lunchroom. A blaring siren..

BZZZZZZZZT..BZZZZZZZZZZZZT..BZZZZZZZZZZZZZZT...

"Ah..! Fire..!" Faust called, standing up quickly and starting to pull along the girls. "Come on..we've gotta move!"

The lunchroom Erupted in a roar of panicked screams, as everyone started to amass towards the doors...Pushing, shoving, and mashing against each other as they moved.

"Fire..!! Fire Fire!" one voice called, in a shriek as others followed it...

"We gotta get out!"

"Why are there so many people?!"

"H..Hey! Watch where you're touching..!"

The crowd was less like a mass of students, and more like a wave, crashing across the ocean. Faust struggled to keep up with Youmu and Yuno, as everyone waded through the building.....Making their way to the exit. teachers scrambled, people crashed against one another...And yet, Faust had no worried expression..No panicked sprint...

No...

'Good...It worked.' the boy thought, as they got outside, each group gathering a safe distance from the school. Faust let out a sigh of relief, as the pinkette pressed to him, quivering.

"T..That was so scary.." Yuno called, whimpering. "Yuno..Yuno thought she was going to get caught up in the fire.."

"There there, it's okay.." Faust called, patting the girl's shoulders. "It's fine...Everything'll be okay."

The boy waited outside with the two for nearly half an hour as the fire department arrived....And, after a search...exited the building with a shrug.

"There's no fire.." he called, rubbing the back of his head. "It seems someone just pulled a fire alarm."

"Hrmpth..if I find out who did so.." the stern voice of Miss Emil called, tapping at her arm. "Everyone! Get back in the school. Lunch will be extended for a few extra minutes to make up for this, but Not long."

A chorus of relieved sighs rang out, followed up by Yuno whimpering.

"Yuno..isn't sure she can hold out until then.." the girl called, prompting Faust to lean in for a whisper.

"Hold it." He called tersely, making the girl shiver again. "It's just a few extra minutes..You can manage."

"O..okay.." Yuno whimpered, hands pressing against her skirt warily...As Faust's ears suddenly perked up.

"Dammit. Who pulls a fire alarm during lunch?" an exasperated..but familiarly chipper voice cried out.

"Not like it was going to work." The same stern voice called, prompting Faust to turn a bit. Twin heads of green...One that was from his gym class...

And...

"Wynn..?" he called to himself, as they started away..Going off in a different direction.

"Well, let's just do something simpler." the lime haired girl called, tapping her foot. "Like..if you let me use it on.."

"No...After your last little 'test', I realize I can't trust you to keep it normal." Wynn's voice called, flatly.

"C'mon! It was one time, and nobody got hurt.." Ellie's voice pleaded, clasping her hands together. "I swear, next time, I'll be good!"

"..We'll see, Ellie...." The forest haired girl replied, quietly. "We'll see.."

Faust paced back to the lunchroom absentmindedly at this, a hand resting on his chin.

'It's..Wynn and Ellie?' he thought, as he narrowly avoided stepping in a large clear puddle where they had been sitting at. '...Oh..Goodness.'

Saril had warned him they would be wetting in the lunchroom either way....But, there were no telltale signs of who it was. He took a seat to try to finish the remnants of his lunch, one crisis averted...But another thought troubling his mind.

'What do I do from here?' he thought, closing his eyes. 'I had no idea there could be.....Another Note.'

[Chapter 14: Pressed for time, Part 2, End.]

