Another Note: Continued - Page 2

Author: AuthorFaust

*040*2016-06-05 03:14

[Chapter 13: Twists, and Turns]

"It's not funny, Saril!" Faust's voice snapped, the Goddess holding her sides in uproarious laughter, before wiping a tear away.

"O..Ohhh, it's hysterical, hon." she mused, grinning. "Just..your expression..and reaction... I knew this was a good idea."

"YOU did this?!" Faust snapped, stomping her feet at the Goddess in a huff.

"No, you just spontaneously changed genders." The Goddess teased, before brushing the hair off her neck. "Of course it was me, Faust. Well, you're not quite the same Faust.....Perhaps a change of name would be fitting..."

"WHY?!" the boy-turned-girl snapped, the woman shaking her head.

"Because it's fun." The Goddess called, fluttering around. "I've been frankly bored with you the past few days....and thought I'd mix it up a bit. Maybe offer this kind of thing as a temptation, to get you to write more in the your note. To indulge more in your desires..."

"I...Ughhh." Faust snapped, puffing out her cheeks as she turned her head away. "I didn't ask for this. I Like being a guy, thank you."

"And, at midnight, you will return to being one." Saril mused, waving her hands. "But, until then, 'Fauxst', I think you should start exploring your female form. Play around a bit....You might find out you like it."

"Never." Faust snapped, the woman giggling.

"You're just moody." the Goddess mused, fluttering away. "You'll just have to deal with it. Oh, and be careful going out like that. You wouldn't want to give any of the notty boys and girls in the area...ideas, with your shamelessness."

A firm, crimson blush formed on the boy-turned girl's face, as she looked down at herself. Her shirt had been...stretched out in the chest area by a considerable amount, she could feel her stomach being exposed from the fabric being tugged up by her...expansion, and as her hands trailed down her hips...She felt a sizable curve in her figure. Sliding her hands down to the front, she was met with a sizable thigh gap....And the revelation.

"Oh my god...I'm really a girl..." Fauxst sounded, noticing that her masculinity was, indeed, missing. The blush didn't leave her expression as she seemed to take it in for a moment, hands trailing down. "...This is going to be hideously awkward."

None of her clothes were really..fit for the female form, much less one with..endowments like hers. She looked into the mirror, running her hands over her body again.

"Long green hair....Wide hips....Big tits.." she noted in turn, as her hands cupped down. "And..I don't remember my butt being this big."

The initial shock had worn off...But, she was still rather bothered by the turn of events. She'd have to be a girl for the day, before turning back to normal. That..complicated things.

"Well...at least it's Sunday." Fauxst noted with a sigh of relief, eyes briefly glancing down to see her plump chest expanding. A breath in....a breath out...

"Oh goodness.." Fauxst called after a bit, sliding her hands back to her sides. "I.....I was just..At myself..."

She wasn't sure when she started blushing, but she had inadvertently started staring. It was just....there...

"Gotta get my mind off of it." She stated to herself, pacing around to the kitchen. "I'll..make breakfast! Yeah...Yeah, that'll get my mind off of things."

She quickly paced to the kitchen, hands swinging at her sides carefully.

Boing...boing...boing..

"Nnn...That's going to be distracting." Fauxst remarked to herself, opening the cupboard..and paling. "Ohhh no..."

Empty......

Her cabinets were completely deprived of food. Which meant, if she wanted to eat sometime today...

"I'll..have to..." She called with a gulp, a wry expression finding it's way to her face. "G...Go..out like this."

She could feel her heart racing at this, feeling a tightness in her throat. She...was not practiced at all in the art of being feminine...And, if anyone she knew recognized her like this....

"I'll never be able to explain it.." Fauxst stated, going to her closet to try to form some semblance of a proper outfit..and took a deep breath.

"Well..here goes..Nothing."

========================================================================================================================================

'Ugh..this is more troubling than I thought.'

The boy-turned girl was siting quietly at her own table, idly pawing at her food. She'd managed to find a shirt that stretched out enough to cover the majority of her upper body, even if she felt a breeze along her stomach still. She was wearing one of her pairs of boxers with an elastic band...That barely stretched to cup her hips firmly.

'Can feel the elastic digging into me..' she thought with an uncomfortable wince, lightly crossing her legs over one another. Her pants were feeling tight against her because of her wider hips....And, it made her wince to have to bend, twist, and turn.

"Nn...at least I haven't met anyone that recognizes me." Fauxst stated to herself, taking a drink of her soda. She sighed, taking her tray to the trash can, and setting it up.

'And I am SICK of people staring.' she thought, snapping a cold glare at a boy looking up. 'I know! I know they're big, but that's NOT an invitation, people!'

She turned her nose up at this, before starting out of the food court she was in. People were staring as she walked by...Some were more blatantly ogling her..And well...

'Maybe..' she thought, wincing as she felt her pants squeezing at her more. 'I should..try to get some better fitting clothes.'

It would just be an outfit or two...in case this sort of thing happened again. If it would get people to stop ogling her, and make her more comfortable when she had to be in this form.

"Damn Saril.." she uttered under her breath, pacing down the mall.

Boing....boing..boing.

"Ugh..." Fauxst groaned, looking up at the nearby stores. There was a store specifically for undergarments...One that sold all of the top-of-the-line designer clothes...And then, there was the department store. She looked at the three stores...before shaking her head.

"I just need a fitting outfit." Fauxst said to herself, starting into the department store and glancing around. "Now...where is the women's..."

"And then, he was like.." a familiar voice called lightly, before Fauxst felt something walk into her..endowments.

Boooo-ing!

"A..awhaaa..!" Fauxst quickly sounded, as she backed up into a rack of clothes. "A..Ahhnn."

"O..Ohhh..Ohhh I'm sorry!" the perpetrator called, Fauxst flushing slightly as the girl looked back. "I just..I wasn't looking where I was going, and.."

"It was an accident." Another girl's voice added, making Fauxst blush even brighter. Though her arms went over her breasts, what had really had provoked her response..

Was that she recognized the two. The one that had walked into her was Ellie Troit, from school....And the other..

"Please, forgive her." the other girl called, with a bow. Emerald hair, tied back into a ponytail...A white blouse that cupped a modest, but pleasant figure...And, a black skirt that trailed to her thighs.

"A..Ahh..Don't say it like that, Wynn." Ellie responded. "You make it sound like It was a crime..and I just...kinda.."

"It's...fine." Fauxst uttered, lightly lowering her arms from her bosom. "I was just...surprised, is all. No harm, no foul."

"Ahhh..thank you.." Ellie replied with a nervous chuckle, rubbing the back of her head. "Say..I don't think I've seen you around here before.."

"A.Ahh.." Fauxst remarked, quickly averting her eyes from the girls as they moved in closer.

"I dunno...she seems kind of familiar.." Wynn stated, turning her head a bit to look over Fauxst's figure. "Something about her...."

"I...I just got here.." Fauxst quickly stammered, feeling a light flush. "I'm...Faux...."

It was the dumbest excuse..the dumbest alias...and quite possibly, one of the dumbest moments of her life. Though..

"I'm Wynn." the emerald-haired girl called, holding out her hand. "Wynn Tatsumaki."

"Ellie. Ellie Troit." the lime-green haired girl called, bowing her head. "Sorry for...That."

"Ahaha..It's..fine." Fauxst replied, taking the girl's hand awkwardly, and starting to pace. "I'm..just kind of here to get some clothes. I..had to wear someone else's.."

"Ahhh.." Wynn called, before turning to match her pace. "Well, maybe we could help you!"

"Right! As an apology to...crashing into you." Ellie quickly chimed in, moving to her other side. "I'll buy you an outfit! Just..not one of the super expensive ones, okay? Think of it as a..welcoming present to our town."

"A..Aha..thanks." Fauxst replied with a bit of uneasy gratitude, lightly flushing. She wanted to avoid the two girls, but he didn't want to appear cold, or suspicious. As she paced around the store to look at the clothes though, her face paled a bit.

'G..girl's clothes are expensive.' she thought with a flinch, the lime haired girl reaching over to grab something.

"Ah..! Look! This skirt's on Sale!" the girl called, turning to hold up a Crimson skirt that looked like it's go down to her hips....and maybe pass Fauxst's thighs, if she was lucky.

"This shirt could be cute." Wynn's voice called, holding up an emerald top.

"A..ah..what about this..?" Faust remarked, holding up a purple halter-top. It would show off their shoulders, but...

"Umm..Iunno." Wynn replied, lightly frowning.

"It..could be..?" Ellie replied, in an uneasy expression. Fauxst lightly paused, chuckling nervously.

"I..I'll let you pick for me." Fauxst remarked, moving over. "I'll..go find somewhere to sit for a bit."

"Ah..That's not what.." Ellie started, watching as Fauxst moved over.

'I really don't get this girl thing.' Fauxst thought to herself, finding a bench a short ways away, and sitting down on it. Even in a female form, Fauxst still felt more than a bit masculine...Though, she felt a bit hurt at their reactions.

"A..Ahh..Faux.." Ellie's voice called by the time Fauxst found a bench, pacing over. "I..I just wanted to say I was sorry. I'm just..kinda messing up all over today, yeah?"

"It's..fine." Fauxst replied, lightly shaking her head. "Don't worry about it. I'm not very..fashion-conscious. It's fine."

"Still, I feel really bad.." Ellie started again, Fauxst holding up a hand.

"Just..pick out something....cute for me." Fauxst replied, lightly. "And..don't worry so much."

"Okay..." the lime haired girl acknowledged...before pausing. "O..Oh..! And...One more question..if you don't mind."

"Shoot." Fauxst sounded reflexively. "I mean..go ahead."

A flush could be seen on Ellie's face, as an awkward silence fell over the two.

"Well..it's just...I mean." Ellie started, the air growing tense. "When I...And you...I'll..just say it...."

Fauxst leaned in at this, gesturing wit her hand for her to go on. The girl seemed to be having a lot of trouble enunciating...Before..

"Are you...kinda-sorta-not-wearing-a-bra?"

Bluuuuuuuuuush

"W..Well..It's just...I mean...I.." Fauxst stammered, eyes glancing every other way, but the direction of Ellie. The same kind of expression formed on Ellie's face, the two's gazes constantly darting around.

"Th..that's okay! I..I mean." Ellie stammered, flushing. "There was just.and when I...And some girls don't like..but...I.."

"It's. it's just..I don't have...Because..well.."

"R..right.." Ellie stammered, before gesturing back. "I'll...be right back, Faux! W..Wynn's probably..worried about me."

"O..okay." Fauxst replied meekly, her eyes resting on the ground. It was an...unexpectedly embarrassing topic for the girl...Though, at least the other girl was just as embarrassed.

'About the only Solace I can take in this.' Fauxst thought to herself, sighing. As she tried to busy her mind with something else though...

PANG

"Oh no.." Fauxst thought, suddenly crossing her legs. She'd been drinking soda carelessly at the food court...And, boy or girl..She still had needs. Needs that would need to be tended to. Eyes glanced around for the bathrooms at this, an uneasy flush coming to her face. "I don't even know how it..works...Though, I feel like I'm going to find out, soon enough.'[/i]

Before she could stand up though, the girls quickly moved back over to her side.

"Ah..We've found some stuff for you to try on." Wynn called, the shy lime haired girl hiding behind her. "Shall we go over to the changing room, and try some stuff on?"

"A..Ah..? Sure.." Fauxst replied nervously, getting off the bench with a small wince. She hadn't felt pressure in this way before..But, if it was like in her male form, it wouldn't be too pressing for a little longer. She quietly strode over with the girls to some secluded rooms, where they passed her some garments.

"Just try these on for a bit, and we'll head out." Wynn assured, handing him a few hangers. "If you like any of them, then we can get em, and head out. Okay?"

"O..okay." Fauxst replied, meekly taking the outfits, and starting into the room. She closed and locked the door, before glancing over them.

There was a long, teal Dress...A pair of black jeans, and a crimson top....A purple button up shirt, and a short, blue skirt...

The teal dress went over her shoulders, and came down just above her ankles. It was a long, proper outfit...but, at the same time..

'Too..girly' Fauxst thought, sliding it off to put on the jeans and top. The shirt felt a bit tight around the chest, but it at least covered her better than her previous outfit. The jeans were...less tight on her than the pants she wore previously...But, they gave her bladder a bit of unwanted pressure.

'Nnnngh..I can't wear this right now..' she thought, quickly unbuttoning, and tugging the jeans off as she writhed. Her fingers slid down to the crotch of her boxers, biting her lip softly as she tried to hold herself.

'It'll be fine...I can hold it.' Fauxst thought, before getting to the last one. The shirt buttons were surprisingly firm in their positioning, and it let her adjust how much of her chest was shown. Fauxst's eyes were glued a bit to her ample bosom again...but, she quickly shook her head again, as she buttoned herself up quickly.

'I gotta stop checking myself out.' Fauxst thought to herself, before picking up the skirt. She wrapped the fabric around her, and fumbled with the clasp a bit....Before fastening it.

"You know..this isn't too bad.." she thought out loud, turning around. "It's..a bit...air-y, but it feels nice at least."

She'd be in trouble if there was so much as a stiff breeze, but Fauxst paid it no mind. She undressed herself one last time, before changing back into her previous clothes..Bracing as she fastened her pants button again.

"Nnnn..." she sounded, before grasping the things, and pushing open the door. Wynn and Ellie were waiting for her still, holding bags of their own at their sides.

"Ah..! How were they?" Wynn asked, quickly moving to her side.

"A..Ah..They were fine." Fauxst replied quietly, averting her gaze from the girl again. "Though...Think we could stop by the bathroom in a bit..? I need to..."

"Change? Understandable." Wynn cut off, starting to push Fauxst along. "Let's go buy em up then, and move on."

"A..Ahh..!" Fauxst sounded, unable to fight the surprisingly insistent girl's shove, as they went to the counter. Fauxst didn't have time to pull out her wallet, before Ellie leaned over, sliding a card.

"It's on me." The lime haired girl called, with a smile. "Consider it a welcoming present, Faux."

"A.Ah..thanks." she replied, blushing slightly as she felt her bladder panging a bit louder. She bit her lip softly, taking her clothes with her as she glanced around.

"W..where are the bathrooms here..?" Fauxst replied quietly, as the emerald haired girl took her hand.

"This way." Wynn directed, tugging Fauxst along the Mall. She could feel her urge growing...and dully throbbing....Though..

"Ah.and here we are." Wynn stated, pushing open the door. "Come on, let's get you into one of those cuter outfits."

"A..Aaa.." Fauxst whimpered, starting in as she lightly trembled. Her need was getting..bad...But..

"And here.." Wynn whispered, holding a bag out to the girl. "I got you something for your...Bust. This should help keep people from staring at you too much."

"A..Ah...Thanks.." Fauxst replied meekly, as the group made it into the stalls. There were three stalls....But, before she could think of going into one..

"Dibs!" Ellie stated, quickly moving into the first stall with a rushed pace. No sooner had she taken one, did Wynn take another..Leaving Fauxst the one in the middle. She started to move into the stall, the bags at her side making maneuvering..difficult.

'Maybe I should change out here..' she thought to herself, starting to unbutton and slide off her pants. Hands went over the bags at this, tugging at the skirt that had been bought..and fastened it to her hips. 'Mmmm..Much better.'

One of the other bags tilted to grasp at the button up shirt...Fauxst looking it over. 'Ah...before this..'

She gulped again, before reaching for the bag Wynn gave her specifically. A hanger was lifted up out of it, green fabric in a familiar shape dangling from it.

40DD

"O..Oh.." Fauxst softly uttered, doing her best to put it on, and try to not blush at the knowlege of her..size. Her straps went over her shoulders, her girls hesitantly cupped...and with a slight stretch....

Ka-lick.

The clasp in the back was fastened, luckily.

'Not bad for a first time.' she thought, lightly lifting the bra to make her girls bounce up...and then back down. It took Fauxst a few moments to realize though, that something was missing from the bathroom scene.

'They aren't..' Fauxst thought, before a series of twin hisses rang out in the bathroom. Red formed to her face, before another sensation crossed her mind.

'Drip'

"A...Ahhh..!" Fauxst quickly stammered, warmth spreading into her underwear as she scampered into the stall. Hands fumbled with the waistband, before yanking it down, plopping her rump down on the commode.

'Pssh....GUUUUUUUUUUUUUUSH

"O...Ohhhhhhhhhnnn..." Fauxst groaned, feeling her own waters starting to flood out from her. Warm, clear pee gushed from her nethers, spraying all over the toilet seat, Fauxst's control fading away in moments to the pure..blissful relief. "Ohhhh..Ohhh Gods.."

"Wow...You really had to go, didn't you?" Ellie's voice called, making Fauxst blush bright red. She'd forgotten she went in there with the other girls..And, well...

"I...er..Umm..I've been holding all morning." Fauxst replied with a blush, leaning up to shut the door as she felt her stream continue to gush. A nervous blush could have very well burned itself into her face at this, waiting for the telltale signs of flushing from the other stalls.

"We'll.....give you time to finish changing." Wynn's voice called lightly, knocking on her door. Fauxst struggled to find a proper excuse, before nodding to nothing.

"Sur....I mean.....Okay." Fauxst replied meekly, waiting a few moments for her stream to taper off. Toilet paper was torn, and her sensitive area was wiped..before she eventually made it out of the stall. The button up shirt was grasped and donned, Fauxst grabbing the rest of the bags with a slight flush, washing her hands as she went out. The two green haired girls were waiting for her as she stepped out...Healthy blushes on their faces as well.

"We..well..Sorry about.." Wynn started lightly..

"We didn't mean.." Ellie added, as Fauxst waved her hand aside.

"I..it's okay." Fauxst replied, trying to put on an easy smile. "I'll..Thanks for helping me find something nice."

The girls smiled in turn, Ellie grinning widely.

"No problem." She called, lightly bowing at her. "Hit us up sometime if you wanna hang out again."

"Alrighty, I will." Fauxst replied, nodding. "Hope I see you around again."

"I'm sure we will, Fauxst." The emerald haired girl called lightly, with a wave. Fauxst waved back, and parted ways with the two...Stopping by a convience store on the way home.

========================================================================================================================================

"Wow..the whole day, huh?"

Fauxst was carrying her things in her bags, holding a medley of snacks and beverages...along with the clothes Wynn and Ellie got for her.

The whole attire was a bit..different than what she was used to, but the feeling wasn't unpleasant...As long as the breeze behaved. She had a few close calls with having to keep it down, but all in all, her journey back home was uneventful...Until...

"Ah..? Oh no..Where's my Key.." she thought out loud as she came up on her apartment, her skirt pockets containing only her wallet. Which, didn't seem too bad, until..

'PANG'

"Oh no.." she thought, instinctually crossing her legs...before suddenly doubling down. "Ohhh..God no.."

She had been pacing around for a while, so it wasn't unheard of to have had her urges redoubling....But..

"It..It just snuck up on me.." She weakly whispered to herself, fumbling about. "Ohh Gods...Oh jeez...Where is that key.."

She could use her bathroom in the apartment...IF she could remember where her keys were. A hand quickly found refuge up her skirt, gripping herself tightly as she bounced on her hips.

"Ohhhh No...This is bad...This is bad.." she whimpered, squeezing her eyes shut as she writhed. Feet tapped against the ground as she searched all of her pockets, looking for that elusive piece of metal....Before it suddenly hit her.

"Ah..maybe..!" She thought, reaching into the bag that held her clothes...And feeling a protrusion in one of the pockets. "Yes..! It's just in my old pants."

She quickly yanked the garments from the bag, turning them upside down to get it to fall out.

'Cling..cling..'

The silver key to her bladder's salvation fell to the ground lightly, sitting a small distance away. Fauxst moved over, hunching over to pick it up...

PshPSH

Big mistake..

"A..Ahhnn..! Oh no..Oh fuck.." she softly groaned, as the warmth seeped out. No sooner had her fingers wrapped around the key, did her body's control suddenly fade from her...Positively gushing from her skirt, and warming her thighs. Rivulets of clear fluid cascaded down her thighs, and the material of her blue skirt darkened considerably, the wet patch along her thighs spreading feverishly. She whimpered, groaned, and shuddered as her body Psssssshhhhhed and splashed against the ground, her own lewd waters flowing for the second time that day...And the first time when she wasn't over a toilet. It was like one of the videos she watched so often as a guy...but...

"I..I didn't think...It would happen to me!" she groaned, lightly shaking her hips as the stream eventually tapered off, leaving her legs warm, wet, and sticky. She staggered to her feet, quickly sliding the key into the door, and turning it. Before anyone could catch her in her wet garments, she pushed into the building, stopping long enough to grab her things and slam the door shut.

"So, THAT'S going to have to go in the washer now." she called out in a huff, dropping the bags haphazardly, as she quickly peeled off her garments. The skirt was stripped off, and the now dripping boxers were peeled off, as she started past her laundry room.

"Gotta wash myself off now.." She grumbled, tossing her wet things into the washing machine, and grasping a towel. Since she would be home alone for the rest of the day, she didn't bother grabbing any clothes...Merely striding into the bathroom in a rush.

'It's odd though..' she thought, preparing the hot water and bathing materials, starting into the shower without a second thought to her now bare body. 'That was just...so sudden, and urgent. There wasn't any warning, and barely any desperation. It just...rushed out.'

The thought was a troubling one indeed, though when her hands reached down to rub at her thighs, a warmth suddenly pooled over her.

"Gotta...be tender.." She sounded, scrubbing her inner thighs...and slowly trailing up. Her fingers were careful to avoid her..naughty place....Yet as the water splashed against her, the girl felt another warm shiver.

"Ohhnnn..." she moaned softly, her other hands scrubbing at her body. Soapy hands caressed her hips, and gripped her bottom firmly....Subconciously admiring the sculpted physique she had. The more she rubbed herself down, going up from her bottom, and crossing over her breasts..The warmer her body started to feel. "Ohhh..Ohhh Gods.."

Before she knew it, hands were rubbing at her own breasts, squeezing them firmly. She'd never really felt anything like that with her hands as a guy, but in her current form.

'I..I need to stop..' she thought weakly, as one of her hands started to trail south once more. 'I...I shouldn't be doing this kind of thing..Not..Not right now.'

Soon enough, a solitary finger was rubbing...and her body writhed like she was being branded. The girl could feel her body tensing up once again..And a familiar, pressing need forming.

"O..Ohhhnn..Ohh not again.." she groaned, starting to slide to her knees. "I..I can't..I..I gotta stop..Or I'm gonna..Gonna....."

She moaned sweetly, fingers rubbing at her body in spite of her mind's resistance. She felt was she was sure was her bladder pulsing once again, already having bloated out to a wild level. Yet, every time she tried to hold herself..Every bit she tried to contain, merely ended up with her fingers brushing against her tender opening.

"O..Ohhh..Ohhh.." She whimpered, starting to buck her hips softly. "I'm gonna...I'm gonna pee...!"

The toilet was right there....It was within sight of the Shower....But, no matter how hard she tried to fight to her feet...her legs didn't work.

She couldn't get back up. And after a few more feeble attempts..

'Pssssh.'

Warm fluid spurted into her hand, forcing her to arch her back a bit, and Gasp loudly.

"I..I'm...." she whimpered, before letting out a defeated Waiiiiiiiiiiiiiil, warmth that had nothing to do with the shower gushing and cascading out of her. While it wasn't the same kind of noisy gusher as what she just had, she felt even more relief now than she ever had before.

"O..Ohhnn..Ohhhnnn.." She whimpered, panting softly, before starting to lay back in the bathtub. She'd..she'd catch her breath, and then...And....then....

Whumpf.....

========================================================================================================================================

"..Do you think it worked?"

"Did you see the look on her face? Of course it did!"

"I dunno..it still seems like a prank to me.."

"Well, if you'd have let me test it on you..."

A short ways away, the two green haired girls were conversing among one another, Wynn lightly shaking her head at the girl.

"You Know that would be dangerous." Wynn stated firmly, having a small frown on her face..but otherwise looking more stern than angry. "That's why we used it on her."

"Yeah, but we can't know for sure." Ellie replied, holding up her pen. "Look, if we just walked her home, we could have figured out for sure.."

"True, but that'd just be a bit strange, don't you think?" Wynn stated, her fingers running over a black book. "'Hi, welcome to town! Where do you live? We want to see if we can make you pee yourself with this magic book that fell from the sky, and apparently came from this mysterious woman calling herself the 'Goddess of Lust.'"

"Look, she was real!" Ellie snapped, slamming her pen on the floor. "Sure, she came to me in the middle of the night...And yeah, I just kind of had to get up to pee, and it sounds like a dream, but it's true!"

"Sure it is.." Wynn stated, lightly opening the book again. "Right up there with flying pigs, and the tooth fairy."

"Don't be so skeptical, Wynn." Another voice called, an ethereal woman with ivory skin, and a leather outfit descending from the sky...Brilliant black wings fluttering slightly. "After all, I let you use my eyes without taking anything from you. That should be enough proof to my powers."

"She what?!" Ellie snapped, leaning over. "Why didn't you tell me this?!"

"Because I didn't think you needed to know." Wynn mused, clearly teasing the other girl. "It made picking out clothes her size nice and easy. Though, her name was just..strange."

"Fauxstus Necromina." Ellie remarked, nodding her head. "It sounds similar to Faust's, but you don't think.."

"At this point, I'm not sure..." Wynn stated, shaking her head. "Though, if you want to blame someone for not writing a better description in the book, blame yourself. I'm just keeping the thing, not writing in it."

"Well, we'll just have to try someone else at school tomorrow." Ellie snapped, lightly. "Give me the book tonight, and I'll write you an Epic tale of Lewdity and desire, that results in conclusive evidence that the 'Wet Note' is real!"

"Like how you wrote 'pees herself right outside of her house?'" Wynn quipped, reading the entry. "Or perhaps 'Plays with herself in the shower, until it all flows out?'"

"They're classics!" Ellie protested, Wynn closing the book.

"They're cliche." the girl rebuttalled, sliding it into her bag. "Look, tomorrow we'll meet up, and pick a target. Something that'll be unmistakably more than a regular accident. Something vulgar, and outlandish, that results in something the whole school won't be able to shut up about for at least a few weeks."

The lime haired girl pouted, puffing out her cheeks, before relenting.

"Fine." Ellie relented, before holding up a finger. "But, if it does work...Then I get to use it on you, once."

"And if it doesn't..." Wynn snapped back quickly."You have to wet yourself in front of Faust, and everyone. No pee breaks, No excuses, no hiding behind the school when it gets to be too bad. Just drinking all day, and a full-on soaking of your clothes when it finally comes out."

"...Deal." Ellie compromised after a moment's hesitation, sticking her hand out for the girls to shake on.

Saril giggled quietly at this, glancing at the moon as it shone overhead.

'This ought to make tomorrow...Plenty interesting.' she thought with a giggle, vanishing into thin air once more to return to her 'home.'

A few hours later, Faust awoke from his impromptu nap in the shower, having finally regressed to his male form.

"Whew.." he sounded to himself, shutting off the water and climbing out. "As...unique of an experience as that was, I don't think I wanna be a girl again anytime soon."

Plus, he got some free clothes for the next time something like that happened. Despite the circumstances, the day was...far from bad.

"I just hope they aren't too disappointed to see me again." he sounded to himself, dressing himself to properly get some sleep. "Ellie and Wynn.. They're..really nice girls."

He laid down in his bed, letting his eyes start to flutter closed once again. It was some time after 1 in the morning, but school would start again tomorrow...And he needed to make sure he got some sleep to put up with it.

'Here's hoping for no surprises tommorow.' he thought as he drifted off to sleep, none the wiser to the planned, upcoming incident.

[Chapter 13: Twists, and Turns: End]

*043*2016-07-26 05:42

Faust seems to have a running joke of being slow to update...but, Faust has managed to muster up enough to get people excited, Faust feels...

Faust apologizes for the delays between posts, but Faust is just..a bit stressed from life. But, never fear! Faust is getting back into things...and, alongside the others..Faust has graced with a bit of this, and is showing off his interactive Story thread, in case anyone has missed it!

%https://omorashi.org/topic/32214-interactive-stories-by-faust/?page=3

But, aside from doing that..Faust will delay you no longer! For now..It is time to give a bit of story to the plot Faust is most known for, Another Note!

Chapter 14: Pressed for Time!

The sun's rays came through the window all too soon...And, Faust grumbled as he crawled out of bed.

"Nnn...Yesterday still feels like a weird dream.." He stated to himself, looking down to see he hadn't changed genders again, saying a silent thanks.

"Good, I don't have to figure out how school would be like as a girl." He called to himself, before getting off his bed, and starting around his apartment.

'The question is.....What kind of stuff am I going to have to deal with today?'

He wanted to hope for nothing.... But he had a bad feeling....

A short while later, Faust was nodding off by the bus stop. A bit of waiting on his own left him zoning in and out...before a familiar face showed up.

"Good morning, Faust!" Yuno's voice chimed, clasping her hands together. "Yuno is sorry she couldn't spend a day off with Faust, so she could...explore a bit more with Faust."

Faust's face blushed brightly at this, averting his gaze.

"Th..that's okay.." Faust stammered back, as the girl lightly bumped him with a grin.

"Yuno will make it up to Faust.." She mused, leaning in to whisper. "By holding it until Faust lets her..go."

Faust blushed, feeling himself get excited, as he shook his head.

"I...Erm...Okay.." he stammered back, illiciting a giggle from the pinkette, as they got on the bus to school.

The boy struggled to keep his thoughts clean as the two arrived at the school, Yuno eying the bathroom with a wary gaze...as Faust shook his head.

"You can hold it." Faust stated to the girl in a low voice, prompting a beam...and a nod.

"Mmm..Though, Yuno needs to go pick something up she forgot in Gym." the girl called. "Yuno will see you in first period, okay?"

"Oh, alright then." Faust called, before holding up a finger. "But, No peeing until I say. Or else."

The pinkette blushed lightly, bumping into the boy a bit with her hips, and starting off. Faust smiled a bit warmly, starting along in a daze....

THUMP

That didn't last...

"Oh, who the fuck.." a worryingly familiar voice called, as Faust looked where he was going. A familiar figure with red hair...An angry look, and a disheveled gaze. "Ohh..It's you, Necromonium."

"Hello, Yamakaji.." Faust flatly responded, starting to side step him. "Sorry I bumped into yo-"

"Oh, you're gonna be.." Haoul snapped, grabbing the boy by his collar, and lifting him up. "I had to deal with Miss Emil's torture....And, well..Someone has to deal with all of my aggression from all that."

"Why not a Therapist?" Faust remarked, as the boy casually took him over to a door, and thrust it open. Judging by the tables, and the sinks...It was a science lab.

"I could always just do..This." the Red haired bully snapped, taking him into the back of the room, and tossing him into what looked like a sort of locker. Before Faust could step out of it..

SLAM

It was shut.

'I wonder if he knows these things have unlocking mechanisms on the inside..' he thought, peering through the blinds in it as the boy watched him..and then started out of the room. Faust rolled his eyes, and felt around for the mechanism...Lifting it up and pushing....

Thump....

No response...

"Oh, don't tell me.." The boy called, pressing against it again...and again. He looked back through the blinds, seeing a desk up against it. "Of course...I should have known even he wasn't that stupid."

He sank back into the locker, glancing over his bag..and getting an idea.

"Well, you know.." He called, starting to reach into it. "I could just...write a name, and get out of this. I don't see why I.."

'Thump Thump Thump'

Faust glanced up through the blinds at this, seeing a pair of girls walk into the room at this, shutting the door quietly.

"Ah..Hey..!" he started to call out, before seeing a black book.

"So...we're doing this, then." one voice called, holding out the book.

"Yeah, we're going to give this...'Wet Note' A Try.." Another piped up, sounding far too excited. "Ohhh, I'm so excited! What if this works?!"

"And when it doesn't, I'll enjoy watching you suffer." the other quipped, prompting what he imagined was a scathing look.

"Well, we'll see, won't we?" the chipper girl called, pulling out a pen. "So..which one are we going for? Schnee, or Takagi?"

Faust fell back a bit at this, his face paling at the thoughts. Someone else had...a Wet note? And, by the sounds of their talking..They were about to use it.....

On one of the two worst targets for that kind of thing. His own dabbling with the note had been for his own friends, and a few girls he'd had some lust about....But...

Schnee, was Weiss Schnee. A white haired, modestly endowed girl he never even considered talking to, given her...uppity, standoffish nature. The girl acted like the queen of the world, and was one of the girls that you wouldn't dare look at the wrong way, lest you get expelled. If she'd had her way, she would run the school with an Iron Fist..probably even buy it. However....

That kind of 'Rich girl that could buy the school' trope was broken by another issue....

There were two girls like that in the school. who had such opposing viewpoints it was amazing they hadn't broken out into a wild scuffle in plain view of everyone. If one girl tried to change something, the other would simply get it changed back out of spite...And, what would have been an easy domination of the 'Penniless masses' became a power struggle between the two.

As for Takagi...That was Saya Takagi. Wheras Weiss was an uptight, petite rich girl..Saya was a more modest...But insanely well endowed girl. She had an almost unreal bust size, and her hips were the kind of things that Faust only saw in illicit magazines. In spite of, or perhaps because of this, the girl kept a bit of a level head and a modest nature....But, hoo boy did she have a temper. Faust had seen the girl a few times, but the way she glared at someone for bumping into her, much less commenting on her body that was likely on the minds of most hormone-addled boys at night....

It made the boy shudder in thought of what she'd do to them. But, more importantly...There were two girls, planning to use it on one of them. He...idly thought about staying silent and letting it unfold, but..

"Well, Schnee always wears those perfectly white clothes..." the chipper voice called, with a grin. "But...Takagi's got just such a tasty figure.."

"Keep your clothes on, Troit." The stern girl called. "You're writing an entry in the book, not a smut novel. Just write one of them doing something they'd never do, and we'll see if the book works."

"Hmm...If I can do anything.." the chipper girl called, before grinning. "Ah..! I know! They'd never associate with one of the..'Commoner riff raff' would they?"

"It's very doubtful." The stern girl replied, as he heard the skrit-skritching of pen to paper.

"Then, I'll just write.." the chipper one mused, with a grin. "'Gives...Faustus..A..Lapdance...In the....Lunchroom...At...One..Thirty..Two..PM, and..pees..all..over..him."

A bright, nearly glowing red blush made it to Faust's face, as he suddenly flinched...Now increasingly worried about being found out by the two girls.

"That's..vulgar, and lewd.." The stern girl's voice called, quietly. "Something she'll never live down....She might even be ruined by this.."

"Ah..! W..well, i said it'd be vulgar.." the lime haired girl called, before starting to skrtch-skritch. "I'll just...scratch that out..and.."

Rrrrrinnng..RING.

"Ah..! No..!" the chipper voice called, as the stern girl lifted the book.

"You can try again later, Troit." The girl called, with a sigh. "I hope for everyone's sake, that crossing out the entry will cancel it."

"Yeahhhh..Sorry. I just got a bit..overexcited." the chipper one called, starting out...As Faust held his breath a bit.

"It won't, just so you know." a familiar, sensual voice called. "You can look forward to a nice little show later today."

"Gah..! Saril..!" Faust called, before shaking his head. "What's going on..? Why do they have a note? What can."

"And, seeing as you're mentioned..You're not getting out of it." the Goddess added, with a grin. "I hope you remember your manners, Faust."

"It's not funny, Saril." He replied back, the woman chuckling.

"Well, let's put it this way.." the Goddess called, lightly flicking the door open...The desk barricade moving to the side. "Either you get to the lunchroom at that time...Or, that mystery girl will just end up showing up to Flood, Everywhere. For everyone to see, and mock her for.."

"Hrmmmth.." Faust replied, scrunching up his face. "What if...What if I wrote their names in my notebook first?"

"Wouldn't work." the goddess mused, waving her hand. "When the name is written, their fate is sealed. Oh, but you don't even know which one they wrote, do you? For all you know, your efforts to stall out, and save one...Would go to ruin as the other goes down on you.."

"Stop." Faust stated, sternly. "Is there a power I can trade off for that?"

"Regrettably, No." the Goddess added, with a small pout. "Shame..Cause I know your goody-two shoes personality would just..give it all up, for the sake of another. Even when they're what sounds like an uptight bitch that needs to get laid."

"I...Erm, well.." he started, glancing to the side. "I..can't defend their personalities..But, Surely I can do something.."

Faust put a hand on his chin, before remembering he had a class, starting out of the science room.

'It's 9:40 Now..' Faust thought, closing his eyes. 'So..I've got...Just under four hours to find a way to counteract those girl's wet note....And save the reputation of a girl that not only doesn't know I exist...But would be RUINED by..by..'

Faust shook his head, not wanting to think about it.

'Well, that..Shouldn't be too hard. I could..probably figure out who wrote it too...And find out where that second note came from.'

He paused a bit, rubbing his head as he started into the classroom, getting a bunch of stares, and a glare from the teacher.

"Sorry..Got shoved in a locker." Faust called lightly, moving into the room as Youmu and Yuno looked to him.

"Ah...I see.." the teacher called, before turning. "Well, try not to make a habit of it, Necromonium."

He moved to take his seat, the pinkette pressing against his side tightly as Youmu leaned in to whisper.

"Yuno shouldn't have left your side.." She called, gingerly. "Yuno will just have to stick to you like glue, so nothing bad can happen anymore!"

"Y..Yeah.. We'll stick by you today, Faust." the silverette added, with a nod. "That...should keep them from doing anything again."

.....

'Shit, doing this without being seen might be harder than I thought. '

[Chapter 14: Pressed for Time Part 1, End]

*044*2016-07-26 15:57

[Chapter 14: Pressed for Time, part 2]

Faust wracked his brain for the entirety of First period trying to ponder ways to get out of what was coming.

'If I don't figure out a way to change this...' he thought, picturing the two rich girls....and stifling a blush. 'Then..On top of ruining of their reputations...I have a feeling...'

He thought of both girls in turn, and their reactions afterwards.

'Y..You CREEP! I'll sue you for sexual harassment, you predator!' the white haired girl would snap, and likely make good to her word. He'd be sued out of house and home...Theoretically out of existence, if she willed it hard enough.

'Pervert..!' the ample girl would snap, before he'd...find himself short a very important set of parts. At best case, they'd only be broken, and at worse....

'Ugh...Please no..' Faust thought to himself, slumping over in his chair as the bell started to ring. First period was over, and...

"Come on Faust..Yuno will walk you to second period." the pinkette called, the silverette nodding a bit.

"Please...be careful." Youmu stated quietly. "I'll..see you at lunch then?"

"Ah...I will." Faust assured, as the group parted a bit, and Yuno clung to his arm.

"Yuno can't believe they would do something like that to Faust.." The pinkette called, indignantly. "If Yuno ever finds out who did it.."

"Don't worry about it." Faust assured, walking alongside the girl. "I'm fine, and that's all that matters now."

"If Faust says so.." The pinkette called, leaning into. "Just..don't worry Yuno like that again..okay?"

"I won't." Faust called quickly, thinking to how well he could keep that up. He wasn't entirely sure he could wriggle his way out of it this time...But....

'There has to be..some way..' he thought, as they wandered into their second class. 'To either get the girl away...Or, to clear everyone else out.'

He furrowed his brow, leaning down into his seat some more as he started to zone out.

"Alright class, it's time for a pop quiz!"

Collective groans could be heard through the classroom, as the students all started to close their books, sighing.

"Now now...Don't complain." the teacher chided, quickly. "You all knew this was coming. Now, get out your notebooks, and some scrap paper. I expect to see your work this time...and for everyone to keep their eyes FORWARD."

Faust could see Yuno slump over a bit, looking displeased. Math quizzes were always a problem..And, since he had forbade her from going to the bathroom earlier....

He could see her lightly shivering..Though, it'd completely slipped his mind to let her go before second period.

"F..Faust.." the girl stammered lightly, crossing her legs. "Could..Could you..lend Yuno some...Paper?"

Faust blushed a bit at her pleading, knowing she wanted to ask something else...as he nodded.

"Sure..Hang on." He called, reaching into his bag to tear out a piece of paper from a notebook. "Here, this should do..it."

His eyes suddenly widened a bit, as he came to a small realization. If he needed to use his notebook without being seen....

'I can tear a page out of it.' he thought, reaching up to thumb it open..and pull out a page from the Wet note. 'And...It should still function as such, yeah?'

He just had to...be careful not to write his own name on it. He felt the fine material of the paper, appreciating the quality...Before sliding it onto his desk.

The teacher began to pass out their tests, looking at each of them in turn with fierce eyes.

"Don't let me catch you looking at anyone else's paper." The teacher snapped, looking at them like criminals daring to try something. "Or there will be hefty punishment. You have 30 minutes. Begin."

'Thirty minutes...' Faust thought, closing his eyes. 'That's more than enough time to think of something...I hope.'

Twenty five minutes later, Faust was slamming his head against the desk.

'I'm so stupid..stupid stupid.' he thought, groaning. The test was an afterthought, having been completed in the first few minutes....But, the other issue...

"Eyes front, Gasai." The teacher snapped. "Nothing's gonna come save you from your study-free life."

Faust scowled as the teacher picked on Yuno, seeing a brush of pink on her face. He looked down at his own test at this....Idly considering thumbing it to Yuno, but knew it would end in disaster either way. A few more minutes passed, and then...

"Pencils down." The teacher called, sharply. "The test is over! I expect you all to own up to how well you did.."

"Yuno thinks math should die in a fire." The girl called coldly under her breath, prompting half a snicker from Faust.

"I'll teach you a bit la...ter.." Faust called, before suddenly coming to a realization. "That's it..!"

"What is, Necromonium?" the teacher called, prompting him to blush.

"Ah..no.." he replied, shakily. "Was just...thinking of something..for science class.."

A stern gaze...and a small sigh.

"Please try to keep your outbursts to yourself, Necromonium." The teacher called, starting to head out around the room. "Now, I'll need everyone's papers and tests now.."

Faust quickly clenched a corner of his paper, tearing it sharply into a corner....As he stacked them atop each other.

"Necromonium." the teacher stated, as he handed his over. "Gasai.."

The pinkette handed her test over sullenly, looking like the world was coming down around her. Faust couldn't help but feel a bit bad for the girl...As he started to skrt-skrt into the small piece of paper he tore.

'Almost....got it.' He called, before shoving the piece of paper into his pocket, and closing his eyes a bit. 'Phew..Now, I just have to..hope that things turn out as I hope.'

Faust let out a sigh of relief, as the teacher stacked her tests on her desk...And glanced over the class.

"Well, now that the test has been completed...." The teacher started, tapping at the board. "Let's review what it was over..."

Another chunk of soul-crushing mathematics later, the bell finally rang to end the merciless lesson.

"Alright..Dismissed." The teacher called, prompting everyone to get out of their seats, and start along.

'Yuno is sure she bombed that test.." the girl called, pressing into Faust. "Yuno's gonna need remedial math lessons.."

"It'll be fine, Yuno." Faust called, gently patting her head. "Just...Gotta go with the flow, yeah?"

"Uuu..Faust is teasing Yuno.." the pinkette called, squirming far more openly. "Can yuno...please go piddle now?"

"After lunch.." Faust assured, with a smile. "Then, you can go all you need to."

The pinkette whimpered, but nodded, leaning into.

"Okay..." The girl whimpered, starting along with Faust. The boy glanced up at the clock at this, looking at the time.

'1:05..' he thought to himself, closing his eyes. 'It won't be long now..'

The two met up with Youmu, and started about lunch quietly.

1:10.....

1:15.....

1:20.....

Faust idly nibbled at his food, eyes glancing towards the cafeteria doors. If the notes were genuine, then likely...

"Hrmpth..don't expect me to thank you." an unfamiliar voice called, prompting the boy to turn...Along with just about every other set of eyes. A familiar, curvy figure started through the door held by another boy...Arms folded under her ample bosom.

'....I forgot how busty she was.' Faust idly thought with a blush, letting out a small sigh. He almost wished he hadn't solved the situation...

THUMP

Almost. Though, as the boy tore his eyes away from the pinkette with the little prod, he turned to see a different face looking down at him. Another stern, regal expression, looking down on him as if he were an animal.

"I presume this seat isn't taken?" a cold, stern voice stated plainly. Judging by her tone and the ferocity of the statement...It wasn't phrased like the question it was...It was more like a statement...A fact.

"It's not.." Faust replied quietly, as the white haired girl he'd heard about earlier took her seat. A cold, firm expression....And similar white clothes hugged a modest form. She wasn't shapely, but she had a strangely alluring air about her. However..

"Miss Konpaku, I presume?" the girl called, extending a hand. "My name is Weiss Schnee. You may know me from my family's enterprise.."

"Ah...vaguely.." The silverette replied quietly, taking the girl's hand. "Nice to meet you...Miss Schnee."

"Please...call me Weiss." the girl called, with a small smile. "Now...I have been recently notified of a certain quandary..and something regarding..business between our fathers. Would it be wrong of me to ask for you to.."

"Fathers..?" Faust stated quietly, as the girl snapped a cold glare at him.

"Silence...I am speaking with Konpaku on a very pressing matter." The girl snapped, showing that her polite tone was not for the whole table...But, reserved specifically for the girl. "Now..where was I..?"

"You were telling everyone about your 'Vast wealth and status.'" Another voice called, the pinkette that strode in stopping by the table. "Look, just because you're loaded doesn't mean that you gotta tell everyone about it every waking moment of the day, Schnee."

"Silence, Takagi." the white haired girl snapped back, glaring. "Just because I lead a regal lifestyle does not mean I feel the need to throw around my name and presence on everyone. I was simply..conversing with Konpaku here about a matter concerning our fathers.."

"Oh really.." the pinkette called, folding her arms. "Well, when your money is ALL you have, I'm sure you can see why one would presume you were talking about it. Goodness knows you weren't discussing fashion tips, or seduction methods.."

"You'll have to forgive me.." the white haired girl snapped back, leering up at the girl. "But, I have much more than 'Just money'. Just because I'm not shaped like a pin-up model for the common masses to ogle doesn't mean I lack in other departments."

"You vulgar bitch..." the other girl called, as they matched glares...The situation warranting Faust to sink into his seat out of worry.

"Um..You wanted to talk to something about my dad, Weiss?" Youmu's voice called, breaking the tension as Weiss turned.

"Oh, yes..!" she started, leaning over. "Well..I know you probably can't convince your dad to..well..do something about his job, but..My father is rather ill, and.."

"He's probably sick of dealing with such a stuck-up brat of a child." Takagi called, prompting the white haired girl to nearly snarl...Worrying Faust he would see bloody murder before either note's effects could take effect.

"And...I was just wondering if you could possibly...." the white haired girl called, looking like it was taking every ounce of her willpower to not strangle the girl there. "Maybe..ask your father if...They have any sort of business. I would be so grateful, and I could make it worth your while.."

"Umm..Well.." Youmu started, before suddenly a LOUD sound started to fill the lunchroom. A blaring siren..

BZZZZZZZZT..BZZZZZZZZZZZZT..BZZZZZZZZZZZZZZT...

"Ah..! Fire..!" Faust called, standing up quickly and starting to pull along the girls. "Come on..we've gotta move!"

The lunchroom Erupted in a roar of panicked screams, as everyone started to amass towards the doors...Pushing, shoving, and mashing against each other as they moved.

"Fire..!! Fire Fire!" one voice called, in a shriek as others followed it...

"We gotta get out!"

"Why are there so many people?!"

"H..Hey! Watch where you're touching..!"

The crowd was less like a mass of students, and more like a wave, crashing across the ocean. Faust struggled to keep up with Youmu and Yuno, as everyone waded through the building.....Making their way to the exit. teachers scrambled, people crashed against one another...And yet, Faust had no worried expression..No panicked sprint...

No...

'Good...It worked.' the boy thought, as they got outside, each group gathering a safe distance from the school. Faust let out a sigh of relief, as the pinkette pressed to him, quivering.

"T..That was so scary.." Yuno called, whimpering. "Yuno..Yuno thought she was going to get caught up in the fire.."

"There there, it's okay.." Faust called, patting the girl's shoulders. "It's fine...Everything'll be okay."

The boy waited outside with the two for nearly half an hour as the fire department arrived....And, after a search...exited the building with a shrug.

"There's no fire.." he called, rubbing the back of his head. "It seems someone just pulled a fire alarm."

"Hrmpth..if I find out who did so.." the stern voice of Miss Emil called, tapping at her arm. "Everyone! Get back in the school. Lunch will be extended for a few extra minutes to make up for this, but Not long."

A chorus of relieved sighs rang out, followed up by Yuno whimpering.

"Yuno..isn't sure she can hold out until then.." the girl called, prompting Faust to lean in for a whisper.

"Hold it." He called tersely, making the girl shiver again. "It's just a few extra minutes..You can manage."

"O..okay.." Yuno whimpered, hands pressing against her skirt warily...As Faust's ears suddenly perked up.

"Dammit. Who pulls a fire alarm during lunch?" an exasperated..but familiarly chipper voice cried out.

"Not like it was going to work." The same stern voice called, prompting Faust to turn a bit. Twin heads of green...One that was from his gym class...

And...

"Wynn..?" he called to himself, as they started away..Going off in a different direction.

"Well, let's just do something simpler." the lime haired girl called, tapping her foot. "Like..if you let me use it on.."

"No...After your last little 'test', I realize I can't trust you to keep it normal." Wynn's voice called, flatly.

"C'mon! It was one time, and nobody got hurt.." Ellie's voice pleaded, clasping her hands together. "I swear, next time, I'll be good!"

"..We'll see, Ellie...." The forest haired girl replied, quietly. "We'll see.."

Faust paced back to the lunchroom absentmindedly at this, a hand resting on his chin.

'It's..Wynn and Ellie?' he thought, as he narrowly avoided stepping in a large clear puddle where they had been sitting at. '...Oh..Goodness.'

Saril had warned him they would be wetting in the lunchroom either way....But, there were no telltale signs of who it was. He took a seat to try to finish the remnants of his lunch, one crisis averted...But another thought troubling his mind.

'What do I do from here?' he thought, closing his eyes. 'I had no idea there could be.....Another Note.'

[Chapter 14: Pressed for time, Part 2, End.]

