Emma Discovers Church Camp

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2013-01-04 03:51

The children bounded off the bus, glad to be on the ground, after a two hour rise from the city. Most ran to clam choice bunks in the various cabins. Some, including Emma, made a bee line for the bathroom. Too much orange juice at breakfast, and that Coke sneaked out of the basement refrigerator -- Emma always drank too much when she was excited; and Emma was certainly excited. She'd been to Church Camp before, but always with the little kids -- the grade schoolers. At last she was old enough to go with the Jr. High group. That's where Emma belonged, she knew -- with the big girls, teenagers, the almost women, with boyfriends and periods and zits and all those teen things.

"Emma, come on, so we can get bunks together." Alice. Emma really had to go, but she couldn't ignore her best friend. "Coming." With one last longing glance toward the bathroom, Emma races off after Alice.

It was the very best cabin, the one nearest the boys cabins. Dotty, Alice's older sister, said you could actually see through the boy's windows -- that is, if you broke a few strategic branches off the intervening pine trees. She said she had actually seen Dean Moore in his undies. Dean Moore! To die for. A ninth grade god. Maybe Emma, too....Emma shook off the day dream. Thoughts of boys made her have to go worse. Emma didn't need that. What she needed was a bathroom.

Clang, clang, clang. The dining hall bell signalled lunch time. Everyone headed out the door and across the ball field. Emma looked at the bathrooms. O how she wanted to go, to pee, to teetee, as her silly Mom called it, to pee, dog gone it. "I have to friggin pee!" screamed Emma to herself. But the bathroom would have to wait; it didn't do to be late for lunch.

"I bet we can drink more milk than you can." Alice was challenging a neighboring table to the traditionsl Church Camp drinking contest. "Bet you can't! And the race was on. "Alright," said alice, leaning in secretly toward her table sisters. "Everybody's got to kill a quart. Got it? One quart. I think that will skunk them. "What to we get if we win?" asked Babbara, always the calculator. "It's not the winner who gets it, Barbie; it's the loser. Losers have to run around the cabin three times in their panties." Hoots and giggles. "What about bras?" asked Mona. "You don't need one, dear; wait till next year." Uproareous laughter; Emma tightened her thighs together. Gee she had to go! She thought she was going to wether pants right there at the table. Was the crotch of her panties already damp. Emma prayed not.

"Ohhhhhh! Yuk! Suzie Mae at the other was barfing milk like a fountain, all over the floor, even out of her nose. "We win! We win!" screamed Alice, jumping up and down. "Better get your panties ready." Say, how about we invite Dean and his friends to watch the show?" Groans rose from the other table. Then, all sound ceased.

"Congratulations, girls; once again you have drunk two days of milk at one sitting." Miss Hesenhoffer, queen of the camp kitchen -- she who must be avoided, or encountered at one's peril. "Since you sweethearts won the milk drinkingh contest, why don't you get the mops and clean up Suzie Mae's little accident." Groans. But there was nothing for it. Out came the mops.

Finally, they were out of the dining hall, running and giggling toward the ball field. Thank goodness there was a bathroom there! Emma's eyeballs were floating. "Let me make it, pleaseeeeeee!"

"Okay, everyone; choose up teams. We're going to play some softball." Mr. Bowen was the best camp counsellor of all. He always behaved as a mature adult, but with a little mischief in him, too -- nothing naughty, mind you. Mr. Bowen just enjoyed working with children.

"Bee there in a minute. Gotta use the "facilities." Emma quick-walked toward the bathrooms. "They're locked, Emma; sorry. We've had a sceptic problem. You'll have to use the batbhroom in the cabin area." Mr. Bowen shrugged. "If you really have to go, take Alice with you, but come right back." Thank Heavens Mr. Bowen understood!

"She doesn't need to go," spoke up Alice. "Let's play ball!" Emma shot Alice the evil eye. "Why did you say that? I'm about to teetee...I mean, pee my pants."

"Teetee! You still call it teetee, like a little girl," Alice teased. "It's my mother; she thinks I am still a little girl." Do you know she actually told grandma to get me some My Little Pony panties for my birthday. Thank Heavens she couldn't find any in my size!"

"My Little Pony, My Little Pony," Alice chanted. "Come on, girls, called Mr. Bowden, let's play ball."

Emma's team batted first, then took the field. Emma took right field. It was far away and nothing much happened there. Emma could focus on holding. Funny how desperation makes you feel like your bladder is the only thing in your whole body. Why did I drink all that milk? lamented Emma. But she knew why; that was the game, and Emma was a player.

"Yikes!" Pee pressed to the very verge of Emma's slit. She clinched her thighs. Please! Please! Please! Thank Heavens, the urge was subsiding. But it would come again...and again.

Four innings passed, fast by the clock, unbearable slow by Emma's bladder. Her panties were definitely damp. Surrepticiously Emma had turned around and felt up the leg of her pink shorts. Yep, definitely damp. Is ity showing? Oh I hopoe not!

That's when Emma felt the urge begin building, but something was different. Her muscles didn't want to squueze and clinch. It was like her body was actually trying to push the pee out. Sweat broke out on Emma's forehead. O no! Emma felt the unstopple urge work its way down her urethra, to her slit, into her panties with a sizzinmg squirt. Desperately Emma grabbed her crotch. almost, almost...but no. A little pee was still running out. Her hand felt warm. Thern she felt something run down her left leg. Emma's muscles just gave up and let loose a flood of pee -- in her pants, down her legs, soaking her socks and sneakers, running onto the ground. The worst thing ever!

"Emma's peeing her pants." Good old unstoppable Alice. Emma's face burned. She gave a half wave. Mr. Bowen pointed toward the cabins. Emma started walking; no need to hurry now.

