Permanent Urge (aka A Most Unusual UTI)

Author: ashnacamon

*000*2021-10-12 02:18

So, I had a dream where a girl permanently needed to pee because of an impossible condition, but she made lemonade with those lemons (pun intended) and became a bounty hunter/super heroine of sorts. It’s not my favorite hyperwetting possibility, but it was inspiring in the dream, so here’s a test Chapter One.

This is a hyperwetting story. The UTI in question is a fictitious condition that doesn’t cause any pain to the person bearing it, just ignorable discomfort. There may or may not be any urinary incontinence. Will try to include actual wetting of some kind…

“Ms. Claire, I’m sorry to inform you that… this condition seems permanent,” the doctor said slowly as he took off his glasses. “While it does not have any progressing effects as far as we can tell, unfortunately, there’s nothing we can do.” Emily looked down at herself, and then back at Dr. Simpson.

“You mean, I’m always going to be like this?” she asked despairingly.

“Unless a miracle happens, in science or otherwise,” he said in a matter-of-fact way. “We will continue to monitor the condition, on a bi-weekly basis at first, then monthly, assuming nothing goes wrong. But I think you’d better learn to adapt to always feeling the urge to urinate. And, Ms. Claire?” She stopped and turned to look at him as she was leaving. “Please, don’t murder yourself over this,” he said.

“Don’t worry, I won’t,” she said with a forced smile.

Quietly, she left the doctor’s office, ignoring the habitual trigger to stop and take a bathroom break before driving, and went home.

Later on that day, Emily was considering her life choices as she sat peeing endlessly on the toilet (even though it was futile, but why resist?). Eventually, she really made the choice she had pretended to make earlier. “I won’t,” she stated firmly, reflecting the change of heart. “I’m not going to commit suicide, or do anything like that to myself. I’m going to beat this. One way or another…” At that moment, wether it was perceptual or otherwise, her peeing actually seemed nicer. The sound was less annoying, and more pleasant. Regardless, she wanted to stop needing to pee.

She had tried to finish peeing two days ago, and had finally given up after six minutes. But now she wondered: if she was careful not to hurt herself otherwise, could she finish peeing by brute force? Now that she was reasonably sure any pain or trouble would be secondary, she was willing to try. The doctor had assured her that whatever amount that entered her bladder would be kept up with by the hydrogenic protoplasm, so there were no worries about dying of thirst (but thankfully, no problem with drinking iced sweet tea either).

Perry checked her watch, then looked down. “Well,” she said, “let’s give it a try. Humph!…” she said, bearing down on her bladder as hard as she could stand it. Pee jetted into the bowl, hard enough to clean dishes. Little droplets misted up onto her legs. Occasionally gasping for air, she just kept pissing and pissing, and pissing and pissing, and pissing. Eventually, she was just moaning trying to keep going. But finally, she was barely doing anything over normal, and that felt like too much. She had to stop. Shutting of the stream was thankfully not too difficult in this case, but she still had the immediate post clench urge for a few seconds. After panting for another several seconds, she remembered to check her watch.

19 minutes! Man, that was impressive. But not enough, apparently. The whole time, she could feel a small rumble in her belly, like urine was passing into her bladder just as fast as she was jetting it. Oh well. Better luck next time, maybe? That is, if she ever gave it a next time. That was hard! She did, admissibly, kind of like the challenge idea of it, though. But meanwhile, she’d better get ready for supper…

The next morning, Emily woke up at around 7:30. Work was at 8:00.

Man, she wanted a morning pee…

Without even thinking, she stumbled habitually into the bathroom, and had just started to sit down when she remembered. “Eh, might as well,” she said to herself, and pissed as hard as she dared. The torrent of wetting spray would’ve destroyed pairs of jeans two at a time within 10 seconds each. But her bladder remained almost full. Whatever interdimensional gateway was connecting her to an ocean of endless hydration and urine wasn’t seeming to care.

It was like pushing on a large, soft, untied, leaking water balloon to try and squeeze the warm water out of it through its opening, then slowly realizing that the balloon was taller than her, then realizing it was bigger than her house, until finally understanding that it must be infinite. One huge, soft, warm, never caring, never ending, ever yielding, ever giving, giant source of the most ridiculous of things: the pleasure of relief, and as much ammonia scented luxurious golden soaking as one cared to let loose. Finally though, her urethra again became sore, until she had to stop. Then she suddenly remembered her day, and stumbled pantyless to check the clock in her bedroom. 7:52 am.

“Drat, I’ve only got seven minutes for breakfast or I’m going to be late!” She grabbed a couple food bars out of a box in the kitchen, and quickly dressed into her uniform before stuffing them into her pockets. Then she ran out the door.

Wait, was she wearing panties?

*003*2021-10-12 16:21

{{13 hours ago, knockonthedoor said:

Some good ideas here, though the suicide talk at the start was a little off putting. Most of the dialogue is solid, and the descriptions are unique.

I’m sure chapter 2 will be great as well!

}}

Yeah, I agree about the beginning. Actually, the whole story idea seems a little flat to me right now. Especially after your PM. Even though Fons Neptunia doesn’t entirely match everything I like, that cop story was bonkers! I feel like this is just a sleepy echo of that…

*004*2021-10-14 07:25

{{On 10/11/2021 at 11:55 PM, Catboy said:

Good work on the descriptions of Emily peeing. The language makes it fun to read.

Not sur if you purposely called her Perry in paragraph 6, or if it's someone else, just a little confusion there.

Either way, solid exposition and use of descriptive language. Looking forward to more if you end up adding to this.

}}

Thanks. I enjoyed it as well.

That was a mistake. Sorry. It’s the same girl.

I may or may not as mentioned, but thanks for the support.

