Choose Wisely: The Labryinth. My new omorashi story! - Page 2

Author: kyrieelleison14

*025*2015-04-12 06:52

Jeez, almost a year since my last post...well in lieu of just posting when I can I've been busily writing new chapters. So I figured I'd post some to sort of catch up a bit. So this chapter doesn't feature any wetting in it, unfortunately, just a bridge chapter. The next one will feature much more wetting. Enjoy!

Chapter 5: Separate ways.

Anna drifted again through the bizarre darkness, trying to figure out the mechanism of what was going on.

“So, every time we wet ourselves, we end up back in the start area, is it only when we wet ourselves or whenever we pee, and how come we keep needing to pee so quickly” she thought to herself while she slowly drifted through nothingness.

She felt her feet hit solid ground again, and there she was, in the same dimly lit cavern they had all woken up in, staring at Laura, who still looked rather upset.

“You know, you guys really are terrible, I’ve always sort of had a fear of having an accident ever since I was little, I don’t want to be forced to have one so you can do some little experiment” she said angrily, even though Anna wasn’t exactly the one who came up with the idea. She paced around the broken bricks she had been sitting on impatiently “Where did the others go, are they alright?”

“Yeah, they should be back soon one way or another” Anna said, realizing they must have had to pee too. “But more importantly, now that we’ve figured out how this maze seems to work, we need to think about how to get out of here. There are five paths here, and we’ve only gone down one so far.”

“It’s like there’s one for each of us, whoever did this probably wanted us to split up eventually” Laura said, and Anna nodded.

“It’s terrifying, this whole thing was obviously planned to torture us and give whoever did this some sick enjoyment, but we don’t have a choice I guess” Anna said just as Michelle, Nikki and Natalie all seemed to pop out of nowhere very close to each other.

“You guys are back!” Anna said happily, “I thought you would have just walked, what happened?”

“Eh, I don’t really want to talk about it, another time” Natalie said and her cheeks went a bit pink. Nikki and Michelle both nodded.

“Let’s just say that we all peed, and here we are again” Michelle said trying to hurry the subject along.

“So, we realized, there’s a path for each of us it would seem, or at least there’s the same number of us as there are paths” Laura said pointing to each in turn.

“So whoever did this wants us to split up? Or is there only one way out of here out of all of the paths and if we split up only one of us will make it” Michelle mulled over to mostly herself, and she got up to walk to one of the paths.

Nikki stood up as well, “If there’s a path for each of us, is there a right path and a wrong path?” she asked.

“I feel like no matter what path we take, somehow this place will accommodate for us” Natalie answered looking down one of the paths.

Anna shivered at that comment, thinking of how the paths she had taken always seemed to have something that she wouldn’t expect, or would throw her a curveball once she figured out a pattern. If this place was more than just a pre-set maze, they might never make it out, and she couldn’t bear an eternity of wandering, peeing herself and wandering again.

“Fine, at the very least assuming we’re all losing our minds and this isn’t a magical Hogwarts-like maze that changes to suit whoever is walking down it, if we split up we can cover more ground, if we find an exit or what seems to be the way out, we can all meet up back here pretty easily” Michelle said gesturing at her crotch and smiling.

Laura went brick red at the gesture, “I told you I’m not peeing myself if I can help it” she said.

“The point is, if we end up trapped somewhere, we’ll end up back here if we pee, but that also means we sort of have a timer to get somewhere, I can’t be the only one whose noticed even after peeing ourselves we always have to go again shortly after” Natalie said, moving to one of the unexplored hallways.

“Should we really be buying into this whole thing, I mean if we always need to pee after we have an accident, doesn’t that mean whatever has done this actually WANTS us to wet ourselves repeatedly” Laura said, looking around the room as if she might find a camera to reinforce her point.

Anna shifted uncomfortably at that thought; she didn’t like the idea of having an accident in front of her friends, let alone in front of some stranger watching them from somewhere they couldn’t reach.

“In either case, the only way we’ll ever find our way out of here, and or to whoever is doing this to us, is to navigate this stupid maze, if the cost is a few accidents, I’m fine with it, cause sitting around isn’t going to keep our panties dry either” Michelle said determinedly.

They all nodded at that, although Nikki grinned slightly at the “panties dry” line, “So then, shall we all go our separate ways?” She asked looking down the path. They each got up and moved in front of a hallway, not really knowing if this was a good idea, but hoping it would give them something more than what they already had.

“Ready?” said Natalie, “Ready” They all said, and started moving slowly down the halls.

That was the last they saw of each other for a good while, Anna was hoping they would see each other at some point, hoping the paths would cross, but she was also becoming aware of the fact that once she was alone her need to pee become more noticeable….

*029*2015-04-12 22:14

Ok, so here's a more sincere wetting filled chapter. Actually one of the ones requested! So keep requests coming and I'll get to them (eventually). What if Nikki, Michelle and Natalie had taken the "safe" path after they fell? Well that you have to find out!

Chapter 3 Bonus: The Saga of Nikki, Michelle and Natalie Choice B

“I’m dead…I have to be” was the first thought to float through Natalie’s head when she regained consciousness. It felt like what she expected death to be like, she was supported by light, soft, stuff and it was pleasantly warm. As the fuzziness that filled her head slowly faded, she flexed her fingers and shifted what felt like soft sand between her fingers. She sat up, and shook her head before looking around. She was alive apparently, and was sitting on a thick layer of ashes. Standing up, she brushed the loose ash off of her arms and legs and butt, and shook it out of her hair.

“Where am I” she said to herself, wishing it wasn’t the first time today she had said that. Nikki was lying, face-down in the ashes nearby but wasn’t moving, and Michelle was on her hands and knees coughing and shaking her head. Natalie looked around and saw that they were in a chamber similar to the one they had all fallen from, except that the ground that wasn’t covered by ash was glowing slightly and radiating heat.

“Are we inside a volcano” Michelle said between coughs. “I’ve never seen, or inhaled so much ash before” she stood up and walked over to Nikki and began shaking her awake

“I don’t know, but I want out of here, we survived one fall to our deaths, and that’s one fall too many” Natalie said walking over to the two, Nikki was stirring but wasn’t getting up.

“Nikki, are you hurt, get up if you aren’t” Michelle said shaking her shoulder, Nikki’s hand weakly moved to it and waved it away. “Five more minutes…” was what Natalie and Michelle were able to hear through the blanket of ash.

They both looked at each other and nodded, Natalie on one end and Michelle on the other they both reached down and grabbed Nikki by her arms and lifted her up.

“You guys suck you know that, it was a joke” Nikki said irritably, holding her head and wincing, there was a small trickle of blood coming from a cut just above her eyebrow, but she was otherwise fine.

“Lemme see that” Michelle said to her, and she pulled out a tissue from a small pocket on her skirt and began dabbing at the cut “Did you hit your head hard on something” she asked Nikki.

“This was from when I feel I think, scraped my head on a rock, I don’t think I have a concussion or anything like that, it just stings” Nikki said taking the tissue from Michelle and holding it to her wound.

Natalie left them where they were and began walking around the cavern, it was very quiet, there was enough light for them to see, and yet it seemed the cavern wasn’t that large. She began walking along the wall of the cavern looking for a way forward, and as she walked she felt a tingling in her crotch that reminded her of the predicament she had before they fell; she had to pee still. She hastened her pace around the perimeter of the cavern, and as she passed a jagged cliff that appeared to be falling away she saw a sign staked into the ground in front of a jagged part of the wall with a long dark tunnel set into it. She peered into the darkness but couldn’t see much, so she turned to the sign and read it, the writing was faded but it had been etched into the sign so it was still readable, “Beyond one path there is light, but danger, and another is darkness, but safety. Both will lead you outside, but escape is never guaranteed, who do you put your faith in, blind trust or deception?”

Natalie frowned as she read the sign, which was incredibly unhelpful as there was only one path. She kept moving, figuring that maybe she was wrong and there would be a second way out of here, this whole place seemed hell bent on them making choices. She felt a twinge in her bladder again and she massaged her abdomen with her hand to ease the pressure, she loved the shorts she was wearing as they were perfect beach clothing, but they were a little tight on her, especially at the belt. As she was about to finish her circle she saw it, a faint glowing coming from the wall, and as she ran over to it she saw another path, it was rough and uneven but it was lit by torches.

“Guys, come here for a second” She called out, and before long Michelle and Nikki were reading the sign as well, and looking down at the two paths set before them.

“So obviously we should take the safer path” Michelle said simply, looking at the dark and slightly imposing path that was the “safer” path.

“The “safer” path Michelle is pitch black and looks more like a glorified crack than a path” Natalie replied from the entrance to the dark path.

“I don’t care which one we take, we can grab a torch or something, but if one gets us out of here I’m down, let’s just go” Nikki said hurriedly, and to Natalie it sounded like she wasn’t the only one nursing a filling bladder.

Michelle went to the light path, broke a torch off of its brazier, and carried it over to the dark path and held the light up. Inside the path was indeed very much like a natural crack, the walls and the floor were jagged and uneven, but dotted along the floor were stone tiles, cracked and faded, but they were definitely created to make for a usable pathway.

“If this turns out to be the wrong path…” Natalie said under her breath, but they started moving into the path, ducking past hanging rocks and squeezing into tight areas. The stretching and ducking wasn’t helping anyone’s bladders, and even though none of them had had any water, they felt as though they were steadily drinking.

They walked for what seemed like hours, crawling in some spots but never moving far away from the cracked floor tiles that lead them through the gloom. They could hear water dripping down and see tiny trickles of water dripping in and out of the cracked walls. It wasn’t helping Nikki’s bladder at all, she wasn’t at the level of complaining, but ever since they entered the cave she had been growing more and more desperate, but she had to keep moving forward. She stole a glance at Michelle, and saw she was holding the torch with one hand, and her other hand was pressed lightly in front of her skirt.

The path was widening out enough that they could walk side by side although they still had to hop over the occasional rock. Then it opened up entirely into an underground cavern with long stalactites and stalagmites growing into a maw of rock that they had to navigate around. There were also some crystals growing in the rocks, some of them were a brilliant blue color that almost seemed to glow faintly.

“It’s so beautiful in here” Nikki said in awe, looking up at the ceiling and seeing the dots of crystal veins that looked like stars in the faint light.

“It really is rather pretty, kind of calming I think” Natalie said, although her predicament with her need to pee was anything but calming.

Michelle was looking at the crystals rather intently as they walked through, she knew them from somewhere but she couldn’t place where. Her thoughts were also becoming more focused on her bladder, and on other things in that area. “Why do I feel kind of aroused” she thought to herself, she felt her cheeks and realized she was flushed, and as her bladder was filling, so was the plaguing feeling that she wanted to reach down and touch herself, but she shook her head and pressed on into the cavern, following the broken tiles as before.

The amount of crystal veins was growing as they moved on, and the whole cavern was becoming lit up with the glow these crystals gave off. But the more they walked, the more they all felt an odd sensation in addition to their need to urinate.

Nikki seemed to be having a harder time walking than the other two, she stopped occasionally and had one hand in her crotch whenever she wasn’t being watched, but finally she had to say something; “guys, I know it’s probably impossible, but is there anywhere that I can stop and pee, I’ve had to go this whole time and I feel like I’m gonna burst”.

Natalie grinned but she nodded “I’ve got to go too truth be told, and these shorts don’t help” she said grimacing a bit. “A pit stop would be appreciated, even if it has to be in this cave”

So they all stopped for a moment so that they could explore the surrounding area and look for secluded spots to relieve themselves. Nikki was still distracted by the glowing crystals, even if her need was growing substantially. She paused for a moment and stared at a pillar bursting with the glowing crystals, and reached out and touched the smooth surface, surprisingly, it broke apart and she picked up a piece small enough to hide in her palm.

Almost immediately, she felt her muscles spasm and twitch, she gasped as her legs gave out and she yelled out when she hit a jagged rock as she hit the ground. She was panting; her entire abdomen was suddenly focused on trying to keep her bladder from expelling its contents which suddenly felt as though an entire swimming pool was deposited into it. The worst part however, was the confusing second sensation she felt; she felt waves and waves of pleasure and even though she could barely move, all she wanted to do was to reach down and start to touch herself, to bring herself to an orgasm by any means necessary.

Natalie and Michelle heard her yell and came sprinting over to her. Natalie kneeled down beside her “Nikki, what’s wrong, are you alright” but the only response Nikki could get out was “The…the…crystal” before doubling over and panting.

Michelle looked at the crystal again, and suddenly she recognized that pale blue glow, a tiny crystal that her flat mate had brought home from her chemistry lab internship, and that had nearly made her pee herself right there in the doorway when she held it.

“Oh shit, Natalie, help me move Nikki away from this crystal, I think I know what this is” Michelle said, and they both tried to pick her up. She struggled and whimpered as they did “Please, no, I can’t I’ll pee myself” Nikki pleaded, but then she let out a small moan that didn’t sound like pain.

“What are these crystals then Michelle” Natalie said as they tried to lift Nikki and move her away from the crystals.

“My flat mate worked in a chemistry lab on campus, they worked on this crystal stuff that glowed just like it, it was called omorium or something, and they found it on a dig. It’s not like anything they’ve studied before, but it’s a huge diuretic, and also an aphrodisiac, they wore hazmat suits but she managed to sneak some away, and she gave it to me as a joke….and let’s just say I almost wet the floor in more ways than one” Michelle explained, blushing a bit at her last comment.

Meanwhile, Nikki was panting and trying to keep her hands in her crotch without rubbing anything, but her head was reeling. Somewhere she heard “crystal” and “diuretic”, so with some difficulty she dropped the crystal in her hand and it clattered to the floor. Michelle picked it up to throw it away, and felt the familiar feeling of unrestrained arousal hitting her, as well as her bladder filling up like a balloon. She managed to throw it away, and before long the arousal died down, but she needed to pee and she had to go soon.

“Haah……hah…thank…..god….” Nikki said through her panting, she was sweating and was flushed all over her body. She still wanted to touch herself, but she could at least stand.

“Fine, let’s go now I don’t want to stay here any longer than we have to, we’ll pee somewhere else, I don’t even mind” Natalie said holding Nikki up as they walked. Escaping the cavern turned out to be more of a problem than expected. The farther in they went, the more crystals they saw, and the more the feeling of arousal was settling over them. Natalie was trying her best to put up a fight, but Nikki and Michelle seemed to be struggling; Nikki was making little moans and whimpering as they walked, and Michelle was breathing heavily and was flushed red.

“Please, just leave me, I’ve never needed to this badly” Nikki said panting with every step.

“No, Nikki get a hold of yourself, we’re almost out I think” Natalie said pressing on. Michelle walked over and took hold of her too. “Go on ahead Natalie, find the way out, I’ll keep her from losing control, just get us out of here please” Michelle said, she sounded pleading, and Natalie realized that she wasn’t doing well either. “Fine, but keep following where I go okay, don’t stop walking” Natalie said, and she jogged off, wincing a bit considering she still needed to pee badly.

“I hope they’ll be alright, if they’re worse than I am” Natalie said, but she kept moving, her bladder was a bowling ball in her abdomen, and the tight shorts felt like a hand was squeezing her bladder. But she had to find some way out of this cavern.

Behind her, Michelle and Nikki were barely keeping up their pace. Nikki had one hand in her crotch and the other arm was around Michelle, and they had to walk around and over rocks which was slowing their pace considerably. The bumpiness wasn’t helping Michelle’s bladder at all but what was worse was the growing arousal, with every step her legs rubbed together and she would feel tingling all over her body. She gulped and chook her head trying to steady herself, when she tripped on an exposed rock and sent them both tumbling to the ground.

Michelle yelled and hit the ground hard on her side, Nikki went tumbling on top of her and they both ended up sprawled over each other.

“Ah, you ok” Michelle said with a wince, but Nikki had her eyes pressed tightly shut and was rubbing into Michelle.

“Michelle, I’m sorry but I can’t move. This feeling it’s too much now” she said through heavy panting. Michelle tried to push her off, but suddenly she felt it too, the same overwhelming feeling of arousal and weakness as when she held the omorium crystal. She turned her head and saw what they had tripped on; it wasn’t a rock but a large omorium crystal, and its effects were crippling them both. Michelle tried to push Nikki off of her but her arms were getting weak as her thoughts clouded, all she wanted to do was give into both of her strongest urges right now.

Then Nikki started to grind into her, and Michelle felt herself reeling. Nikki moved a hand up and before Michelle could stop her had grabbed hold of her breast.

“Ahh, Nikki don’t do that, we need to…” but Michelle was cut short as a moan escaped her lips in spite of herself. It was too much, she needed to pee so badly, but all she wanted to do now was let Nikki have her way with her. She could feel on her exposed thigh Nikki pressing the crotch of her running shorts into her, and could feel dampness that could have either been from pee or from something else.

Michelle’s bladder was still aching to be released, Nikki’s body was putting extra pressure on it, and even through her arousal she still had the desire to pee somewhere other than in her panties.

“Nikki, come on get off, I’m gonna pee myself, and so are you if we don’t get away from this stuff” Michelle said, and Nikki moaned in pleasure as she said it. When Michelle tried to get up, Nikki forced her back down, and got on top of her completely.

“Maybe….I don’t want you to get to a toilet, or me” Nikki said with a grin. Her face was red but she looked determined. She winced a bit, and Michelle saw a faint wet patch appear on the crotch of her shorts.

“Ohh, I don’t have much time. I wonder who can hold it for longer” Nikki said with another sly grin, she reached down and gave Michelle’s bladder a small squeeze. Michelle gasped as the added pressure almost put her over the edge, and she grabbed her crotch through her skirt.

“No no don’t, I can’t here” Michelle said, but she could feel the pee welling up right behind her urethra and threatening to escape into her panties. She squirmed but she could feel her resolve weakening, she wanted to give in and lose it, and the more she thought about it the more aroused she became.

“If I do….I want you to” Michelle said and reached up to give Nikki’s stomach a small push. Nikki moaned and she saw a dark patch of pee leaking out grow on Nikki’s shorts, but it stopped spreading before long, and Nikki giggled and moved her hand under Michelle’s skirt, and started to tickle her crotch through her panties.

Michelle twitched and squealed, pressing her hands into her crotch and trying to remove Nikki’s hand from her panties. She felt her bladder spasm, and a small spurt of pee escaped her. Nikki laughed “Uh oh, have a little leak there” Nikki said rubbing into her. She felt drunk, her head was reeling from the combination of arousal and desperation; her poor body didn’t know what to do first, succumb and have an orgasm or explode and flood her panties and skirt.

“Come on, just relax and pee, you know you want to” Nikki said as she started rubbing into Michelle’s wet crotch, Michelle moaned and felt another leak escape into her panties, her bladder was weakening steadily and Nikki’s rubbing wasn’t helping.

She wanted to touch Nikki, to return the favor she was being given, and also because she was now hoping that Nikki would lose it too, that they would both end up wet and sopping messes on the cool cavern floor. She reached up and started to rub Nikki’s shorts and was pleased to hear her instantly start to moan and shake. Before long she felt warm wetness leaking on her fingers, and saw Nikki had started leaking again.

“Oh my, looks like I’m not the only one with wet panties anymore” Michelle said with a grin, she wanted to take control, to make Nikki the one who was a wet mess on the ground. They both were now rubbing each other, she felt every stroke even through her black panties, and she wanted to badly to be brought to an orgasm. In the back of her head, she knew that this omorium crystal was completely overwhelming, and she loved every minute of it. Her bladder spasmed, and she felt hot pee shoot into her panties and into Nikki’s fingers, and Nikki grinned while Michelle moaned and tried to regain control. With difficulty, she stemmed the flow and smiled back at Nikki. Nikki was panting heavily again, and Michelle took the opportunity to press harder into Nikki’s crotch. Nikki gasped and briefly lost control herself, Michelle felt the wetness as Nikki peed into her shorts, but she wasn’t going to let her regain control.

“Had a little too much to drink Nikki, wetting your shorts, for shame” she said in mock taunting as she stroked deeply into Nikki’s crotch, feeling the pee splattered out onto her hand. Nikki was moaning, she was at her end, her bladder had been beaten and she felt all of her muscles relax as she started to fully flood her shorts. Her panties were pressed into her by Michelle’s fingers and they clung to her as she peed into them.

Michelle watched the fabric of Nikki’s shorts turn dark and spread across her crotch and down her legs, pooling on the ground below them, and it became too much for her as well. She felt her own muscles giving up and relaxing and warmness spreading from her crotch as she peed in her panties. Her skirt felt heavy as her panties took in all the pee they could and start to soak her skirt.

It was a wonderful feeling, she was lying on the ground of a cave, peeing herself while another woman peed herself right next to her, and they both were rubbing each other and trying to bring each other to a wet orgasm. Little gasps and moans were escaping from both of them as they peed, but neither of them stopped rubbing each other.

“Hah….hah….” Michelle tried to say something, anything, but she could only pant as she soaked her panties. Before long, she felt her stream dying down to a trickle, and finally she stopped. Nikki was smiling at her, her own stream of pee finally having died down. Steam was slowly rising from their puddles, and now with an empty bladder, they both only had one thing in mind. Michelle moved forward and kissed Nikki, she felt her body shuddering with every stroke Nikki made. Her mind was a haze of lust she had never felt before, and the clinging on the wet fabric of her skirt on her butt was driving her even wilder than Nikki’s stroking.

Nikki shifted and placed herself on top of Michelle, the soaked fabric of her shorts dampening the remaining area of Michelle’s skirt that was still dry, and grinned before she started moving her hand over Michelle’s body, drawing long lines with her finger. Neither of them even seemed to care they had never hooked up with another woman before, all they cared about was sating their indescribable lust the omorium had left them with. Nikki seemed to know exactly what to caress, a light touch over Michelle’s breasts, a straight line down the soaked crotch of her panties, and before long Michelle was desperately close to an orgasm.

She was breathing heavily, she was gripping the loose rocks around her and Nikki was increasing her pace. Then she felt herself go over the edge, and with a loud moan she had an orgasm, a wonderful wet orgasm in the middle of a strange cavern, soaked from the waist down in hers and Nikki’s pee from a desperate accident. She was barely aware of where she was, and she didn’t even realize when Nikki stopped abruptly and looked away from her.

“What the hell are you two doing to each other?” Natalie screamed from across the cavern as she came jogging towards them.

Michelle tried to sit up, to save some face but her arms were like jelly and she couldn’t lift herself up.

“Sorry, we got…a bit distracted” Nikki said, she was panting as well, Michelle wasn’t sure if she had had an orgasm either but they both were enjoying themselves.

“We couldn’t hold it, and then things got bit out of hand” Michelle said from the floor “This omorium is intense stuff”

“Well, while you two were wetting yourselves and pleasuring each other, I found a way out, and not a moment too soon, come on let’s go” Natalie said turning and pointing down to another end of the cavern.

Michelle and Nikki both started to get up; Nikki was still grinning at Michelle and was going to try to sneak a little round two in with her, when suddenly she felt an odd tugging at her waistband. It hoisted her up and for a moment she thought she was being dragged by someone by her shorts, but then the ground began to fade away from her, and when she turned towards Michelle she briefly saw she looked as though something similar was happening to her before she faded away into blackness.

Natalie turned around since she hadn’t heard either of them get up, but all she saw was the fading clouds of smoke where Michelle and Nikki had just been. She gasped and looked around frantically, but there was nowhere they could have hidden. Just like Laura they had disappeared without a trace.

She had no choice now but to head back to where she had found an exit, and hope that wherever they were they were alright. She shivered as she stepped closer to a large omorium crystal and put a hand to her crotch, her need to pee had dulled once she got away from the omorium crystals, but now that she was back in the thick of it her aching bladder was all she could think about. She moved forward quickly, carefully avoiding the omorium crystals when she could, and bracing herself when she had to walk over them as she re-traced her steps back to the outcropping she had found. Before long she saw the rock wall again, while Nikki and Michelle were peeing themselves and pleasuring each other she had managed to find a cave lit by electrical lights at the far end of this cave, and she knew it had to lead somewhere.

“Stupid omorium” she said bitterly, her bladder was throbbing and every time she had to clamber over a large rock or tripped over the jagged pebbles on the ground she felt her muscles spasm and she knew she didn’t have much time before she was going to need a new pair of shorts.

She rushed into the hallway and breathed a slight sigh of relief to be away from the crystals, but her bladder wasn’t aching any less and the pressure didn’t seem to be going down. She bent over slightly and pressed her hands into her crotch, trying to give as much room as possible to her swollen bladder in her tight shorts. When she regained her composure and felt the pressure die down enough to walk she started down the hallway. The lights were definitely electrical, and that meant people had to have installed them. The hallway twisted and turned and before long Natalie had no idea what direction she was headed in.

She started jogging, but almost immediately her shorts dug into her abdomen and her bladder spasmed, and a small spurt of pee leaked out into her bikini bottom. She gasped and held herself panting, the damage was minimal but the moisture made the need to pee even worse. She was taking very small steps, but the wetness of her bikini was all she could focus on until she rounded a corner and saw something that made her heart leap.

“A door! Oh there’s got to be someone or something here, maybe even a toilet” Natalie thought to herself, and she broke into a sprint, abandoning her bladders weakening resolve for the prospect of a way out. She had almost reached the end of the hallway when her leg caught on something and she tripped and slammed hard into the ground. She yelled and felt her bladder spasm again from the severe shock, and she felt warm wetness begin to spread out from her crotch. She whimpered and tried to stand up, but her leg was caught on some sort of wire or cord stretched out across the cave. She tried in vain to stem the flow but she knew it was too late; she just laid there as her denim shorts soaked up all of her pee, and felt her bladder empty all over the cave floor.

“What a relief…that felt amazing” she said I spite of herself, she didn’t even care that she had just peed her pants like a child, and now that her bladder was empty she could extricate herself from the wire and move up to the door. She examined the wire and saw it was a computer cable, there had to be some sort of computer nearby then. She dusted herself off and got up, feeling the soaked fabric of her shorts slide across her crotch and squish slightly when she started moving towards the door. But when she reached out and touched the doorknob she felt an odd sensation and was pulled upwards by her shorts. She yelped and looked over her shoulder but there wasn’t anything lifting her, and despite her struggling the ground and the door were fading away to blackness.

“No! No! Let me go, what’s in there please I need to know” Natalie screamed to the mysterious force holding her shorts and dragging her into darkness. Before long there was nothing, and she could only feel the pee still clung to her shorts and bikini as she drifted through the darkness.

*032*2016-07-21 00:24

(So, its been forever since I've written anything, and got a huge inspiration recently that set me back to writing, so here's a new chapter, hopefully you guys have been able to endure my procrastination enough to remember what has happened so far haha, enjoy!)

Chapter 3 Bonus 2: The Saga of Nikki, Michelle and Natalie Choice A, Alternate Ending

Now when Nikki, Michelle and Natalie went down the well-light path in the cavern, they all met a wet end to several traps and the mysterious Omorium mist. But what would have happened if Michelle hadn’t been caught by the rope trap and trapped upside-down? Or perhaps if Nikki hadn’t run too far into the mist and succumbed to its aphrodisiac effects? Well let’s find out shall we? It is a choose-your-own-adventure story after all…

Nikki, Michelle and Natalie clambered over a fallen pillar, landing on tiled floors that reminded them eerily of the hallway with the moving wall.

“Uh oh, not this shit again, watch where you step” Michelle said sliding her feet outward testing each tile to see if it shifted at all.

“Has anyone been able to figure out exactly where we are or why we’re here” Natalie said as they walked carefully down the hallway, trying to take her mind off of her bladder.

“I don’t, and honestly I almost want to find out more than I want to escape” Michelle replied “I hate this, walking down a possibly booby-trapped hallway and we have no idea if this will even get us outside”.

“Let’s just hope we don’t meet anything else” Nikki said “First things first though I wanna find a place to pee”.

The other two girls nodded in agreement, and kept walking. Suddenly, Michelle’s foot caught on a tile that jutted out slightly from the floor and almost fell over entirely. Her yell caught the attention of the others and they turned to her instinctively to find out what had happened.

“Son of a bitch, freaking tile almost killed me” Michelle yelled angrily behind her, as though the tile should feel rightly ashamed of itself for its behavior. The other two girls laughed in relief, and they all kept walking.

Along the walls there appeared to be vent-like openings set into the ancient bricks. Some of them appeared very worn and rusted, as though water had been passed through them for a long period of time.

“I wonder if we could use those vents to escape” Natalie pondered out loud, thinking she might be petite enough to squeeze into them and see if they lead anywhere. After all, where there was technology, there was recent access, and most vents lead to other areas, she would have to keep her eyes out for a broken vent.

“I don’t know if that’d be a wise idea, Nat, if anything you’d probably just end of stuck in a vent, and that would be a very sad way to go” Michelle said having heard Natalie’s pondering.

“It’s just a thought, I mean whoever put us here probably figured we’d take this path after all, and if we’re doing exactly what they want us to do, maybe we should think outside the box for a bit” Natalie said touching the stone walls as they walked.

“I mean, those vents look pretty small, I might be able to squeeze through, and you two Natalie, but….” Nikki began, and looked at Michelle, who realizing the context blushed and folded her arms.

“But what Nikki, you don’t think I could fit in the vents? If anything that should be a compliment, I don’t have the body of a small child, I’ve got some curves in the right places” Michelle said fuming. She was a bit self-conscious of her wide hips, but it gave her butt a nice size and she knew how to turn guy’s (and girl’s) heads with them. Still, wide hips are not practical for squeezing through tight vents, as much as she was loathe to admit it.

“I meant if you got stuck we’d have a problem, or any of us for that matter, but I don’t know how we’d even reach the vents to begin with unless we had a ladder, and probably a hammer to break the covering” Nikki said examining the nearest vent to her. She could feel cool, fresh air coming from the vent and drifting down to her. “Still that feels like outside air, it might be an idea to give it a look see”.

They kept walking down the path for a bit, until they saw a vent covering so worn and rusted that pieces were dangling off at the edges, and they stopped there.

“Right, so if any vent would be breakable it would be that one, but how do we reach it” Natalie said looking up at it.

“We’ll have to boost someone up to the vent, and have them break it and climb in, then see if they can somehow pull someone else up with them” Nikki said.

“Right, well to be honest Natalie you’re smaller than me, so I think you should go in first and explore” she continued, and moved over to the wall below the grating. “Me and Michelle will lift you up, you rip off that grating and check it out”.

Natalie didn’t like the prospect of being the literal “rat in a maze” but she was smaller than Nikki. Michelle nodded and they both moved up alongside the wall, ready to boost Natalie up to the grate.

“Let’s see if it comes off then” Natalie said, and she climbed onto their outstretched hands and got ready to climb up the wall. With a whoosh she was up in front of the grate, just enough that she could reach the bottom of the grating, and began to pull on it. She felt the rusted screws holding it to the wall try to resist the force, but the rock was old and the grating was on its last legs. With a heave she felt the grate come loose and flip up, before finally ripping off the wall entirely and clattering to the floor below.

They all cheered as Natalie hoisted herself into the vent, it was small enough that she couldn’t turn herself around at all, and couldn’t even turn her head around to look behind her, but it seemed to go on for a while and didn’t change size.

“Right guys, I think I can follow along in the vent and see if anywhere leads out, so if you hear me call from a vent head over to it” Natalie called down to them and they called back in approval.

Natalie hadn’t even thought of her filling bladder for a while, but the new position and confined space returned her bladder to her fore mind, and she pressed her legs together slightly with a new aching urge came over her. She fought it off, and started to move forward, crawling on her hands and knees through the vent. The vent was dimly lit by a pale blue light, and she thought maybe there was a nearby exit she could find, and rounded a turn.

She pushed forward and noticed that each covering outside was connected by this one giant vent that went so far down she couldn’t see the end, and several vents on her other side that slanted up at a gentle incline. She moved down the vent and past several of the openings on her right, and then decided to try to clamber up one of the inclines.

She turned at one of the inclines and started to climb up, but for some reason, maybe the new angle or just bad timing had made her need to pee grow worse, and she had to stop for a moment to push her hand into the crotch of her shorts for a moment. After she regained her composure, she pushed forward and reached the top of the incline. At the top there was a round area with a valley in the middle, and a strange, crystal like light source placed in the center.

It looked like a crystal, but it glowed with a strange blue light that made it look either like it was an electric light, or some kind of radioactive material. There were several splintered fragments scattered about it, and she wondered if maybe the other girls knew anything about it. She picked up a small fragment she thought might be able to fit through the vent and started to retreat until she felt the decline. She flattened herself and slide down the vent, feeling an intensely growing urge to pee again, and also a strange arousal that she thought must just be the sliding sensation on the front of her shorts pressing into her.

She moved as quickly as she could, because she desperately wanted to stop for a moment and hold herself, and felt her legs shaking as she crawled to the nearest vent covering and called out to Michelle and Nikki.

“Hey, I’m over here, come to this vent I found something” she yelled pressed against the grating. She dropped the crystal for a moment and jammed both hands into her crotch, trying to ward off the urge to flood her shorts, and found she was still mildly aroused from the slide down. Trying to get a hold of herself she waited for the other two.

Meanwhile, Michelle and Nikki were trying to distract themselves from their own bladder troubles, and were happy to hear Natalie’s voice calling from down the path. They ran over to the vent and looked up at Natalie.

“Well, glad to see you didn’t get stuck, what did you find in there” Nikki asked happily.

Natalie lifted her head, still with a hand jammed in her crotch, grabbed the crystal and fed it through a broken opening in the grating. “I found some vents that might lead out, but I wanted to see if either of you knew what this weird crystal is” she said, and Nikki reached up to catch the crystal as it fell from the grate.

“Oooh, pretty, looks like rock candy or something” Nikki said holding it up to the light.

“Any idea what it might be” Natalie said, still trying to shake off her newfound arousal, but thankfully her bladder urge was faded slightly. Nikki was still looking it over, so with her newfound composure she decided to head past the crystal and see if she could find a proper exit.

“You two figure that out, I’m going back in, call if you need me I should be able to hear it” she said and backed up into the ventilation system again.

Meanwhile, Nikki felt a severe twinge in her bladder suddenly, and felt a tiny spurt of pee leak into the crotch of her panties. It was nothing severe, but the sudden wave of pressure caught her off guard.

“Ah, shit. Hey Michelle do you know what this is, you look it over I got issues to deal with” she said, and Michelle who had been examining the floor tiles looking for potential traps moved over and took the crystal.

“Natalie found this in the vents, probably a crystal that’s growing from some chemical they used to clean it or something” she said matter- of-factly, but almost as soon as she took it she felt a terrible wave of pressure come over her. She almost fell to her knees when the pressure hit, and she jammed her hand in her crotch to stop herself from peeing right there in her skirt.

“That was weird…wait a second” Michelle said, and suddenly she recalled her flat mate coming home from her chemistry lab, rushing to the bathroom and coming out with a “gift” she had for Michelle. That “gift” turned out to be a little blue crystal, that when she held made her incredibly desperate to pee, and incredibly horny to boot, which wasn’t a good combination at the best of times, but her sadistic flat mate locked the bathroom to torture her for a bit, and only let her in when Michelle said she would literally pee on her bed if she didn’t unlike the door. She remembered peeing a torrent in the toilet, and before she could even finish peeing she was masturbating on the toilet, with the door open, right in front of her flat mate.

After finishing, and chasing her flat mate around for a sufficient amount of time she told Michelle what it was.

“It’s this new material they’re calling Omorium” her flat mate explained. “They must have found in at an archeological dig, and gave it to the chemistry department for study, it’s a bizarre material, makes you need to pee and turns you on at the same time, first person to handle it in the lab apparently flooded herself almost immediately, and now we all wear hazmat suits when we handle it, I snuck some back because as we’ve concluded, other than those two effects, its harmless, and I thought it’d be funny to see how you'd react to it”.

Michelle snapped back to reality and threw the crystal instinctively away from her.

“Nikki, don’t go near that stuff, I know what it is, and it makes you need to pee super badly, plus some other unsavory effects” Michelle yelled, and Nikki took several large steps away from the crystal.

Michelle moved to the vent and called out to Natalie, hoping she could hear her “Natalie, stay away from that stuff if you want to keep your panties dry, it makes you pee” she yelled, but Natalie had already made it up the incline and was deciding how she could sidle past the crystal. Michelle called for a period of time, hoping to be heard, but became distracted when she heard a loud clank, a whooshing noise, and then a scream.

Meanwhile, Natalie was indeed trying to sidle around the crystal, unaware of its effects but definitely feeling them. She had no idea why she was so aroused, but the material of her bikini under her shorts was sending wild signals to her brain, and making it hard to concentrate. She simply decided to start moving against the wall, before her need to pee and arousal made that impossible, and before long she had her butt facing the crystal and was heading down another vent tunnel. Before long she reached another similar room with a valley in the middle, but this time there was a strange machine that looked like a humidifier or a fog machine. She looked at it for some time, but decided to continue moving ahead and deal with it later.

She clambered up another incline and the smell of fresh air was growing stronger, and she quickened her pace as her bladder was aching at the bizarre increase and then decrease in her urge to pee, and the unheeded arousal that had not quite left her yet. Before long she could see vent openings on the side of the vent, and she could also see green vegetation through the slits in the openings! She reached one and could see what seemed to be either a forest or greenhouse of some kind, with multi-colored vines hanging down from a canopy of thick vegetation. She could also hear what sounded like laughing or yelling, coming from ahead out in the vegetation.

She quickened her pace and crawled down the vents, feeling refreshing cool air seeping in from the slits, until she saw the apparent source of the laughing in the distance. It looked like a human, suspended in the air by a web of vines that seemed to be moving on their own like snakes. As she moved closer, she could make out the captive of the vines was a girl, and not just a girl she realized but it was Anna!

Natalie moved until she was able to clearly see the struggle happening to her friend, she could see Anna thrashing and laughing, and Natalie could see she was being tickled by the vines. Before long, Natalie saw something trickling down from Anna’s crotch and cascade to the floor, and could see Anna was peeing herself intensely.

“Anna! Anna, it’s Natalie, can you hear me” she called out, but Anna was screaming in laughter, and most likely distracted by her emptying bladder. Natalie watched the scene play out, trying not to think about how watching Anna pee was making her own need that much worse, as well as making her incredibly more aroused than she already was. Before long, she couldn’t help but touch the fabric on the front of her jeans while Anna finished peeing herself, and was slowly lowered to the forest floor. Natalie would have called out to her again, but the sight of the girl wetting herself had really hit a note with Natalie, now fully engaged in rubbing herself through the crotch of her jean shorts, until Anna seemed to disappear into a puff of smoke and vanished.

This brought Natalie back to reality and she realized she needed to tell the other girls what had happened. She started to rapidly back pedal her way through the vent, down the incline and past the strange machine.

She was just about to reach the crystal again when she heard more commotion, this time from where Michelle and Nikki were, and she broke into what she could only think of as a “crawl-sprint”, pushing her way down the path.

“What is going on, I hope they’re okay” she said to herself, biting her lip as the pressure in her bladder grew again.

Unfortunately, she had in her haste forgotten the crystal placed in the tunnel, and ended up ramming butt-first right into it. She yelped as the object made itself known pressing into her shorts, and almost instantly things went from bad to worse. It felt like someone had attached a fire hose to her bladder and started pumping water into her bladder.

Natalie collapsed on the vent floor, holding herself with both hands and wiggling her butt to try to fend off the urge, but it kept growing. Wave, after wave of pee seemed to crash against her exhausted urethra, but instead of coming and going like they normally did, they seemed to compound on top of each other.

She tried to control herself, but every movement she tried to make was agony on her muscles.

Then, there was a sudden rumbling, and the sound of something whirring to life. Natalie felt air moving rapidly against her face, and the odd wet feeling of mist hitting her face. The odd machine she had past had turned on, and was filling the air with a cool water vapor, that when it touched the blue crystal seemed to mix with it, and the mist in the vent began to turn the same blue color as the crystal itself.

Natalie had worse problems, however. She couldn’t move more than an inch at a time, had no way of escaping the vent at that rate, and her bladder felt like it would actually explode in a matter of time.

A small spurt of pee finally pushed its way past and into her bikini bottoms, dampening her crotch and making bringing back her arousal. Natalie whimpered, realizing it was too late for her, she couldn’t move, she had to pee so badly, and at this point she was so strangely aroused she just wanted to pee and start to touch herself.

Another wave hit her, and then another. Finally, she felt all of her muscles relax at once, in a single act of defiance against her dignity.

“No, no, damnit not now” she pleaded, but already she felt her shorts begin to absorb the torrent of pee spraying out of her. She moaned at the wave of relief and pleasure that came with it as she peed into her shorts and bikini bottoms. As it trickled off of her bare thighs it dripped onto the vent, making plenty of noise and forming a puddle underneath her arched crotch and legs.

“Hah….hah….hah” she breathed heavily, as she felt the flood of pent up pee leave her tiny body.

“I don’t even care, this is amazing” she said to herself, and before she had even finished peeing she gave into her other urge as well, and started to rub the now wet crotch of her jean shorts into her. The pleasure sent her reeling and she moaned so loudly it echoed in the vents.

Before long, the peeing had stopped, but it gave her more incentive to peel back her soaked shorts and stick her hand where she could touch herself properly. She had never felt so aroused in her life, and all she could think about it Anna peeing herself, and her own bladder’s lost battle. Before long she had reached an intense orgasm that left her shuddering on the cold vent bottom, totally exhausted. She didn’t even mind as she laid down flat and her already soaked shorts sank into her recently made puddle.

“God that was bliss, total bliss” she said into the vent bottom, still shaking so badly she couldn’t lift herself up. She laid there until the shudders had left her, and she was just about to try to reach Nikki and Michelle when she felt something tug on the back of her shorts, and lift her up into growing blackness.

“What the hell is this, where am I going” she called, trying to look behind her to see who was pulling her, but she could only see the fabric of her shorts pulled upright as though hanging from a hook, and her slightly exposed butt peeking out from beneath her bikini bottoms. Before long she was fading into total blackness….

*034*2016-07-29 22:46

Another chapter! Sort of a part two to the previous post, as putting them both together felt like the chapters were dragging on too much. Enjoy!

Chapter 3 Bonus 2: The Saga of Nikki, Michelle and Natalie Choice A, Alternate Ending Part 2

Now, what had happened to Nikki and Michelle while Natalie was busy enjoying herself in the vents?

If you remember, Michelle had heard a noise behind her, and turned to see what was happening…

Michelle looked behind her, and saw Nikki completely upside-down before her, suspended on a rope of some kind hanging from the ceiling, and wrapped tightly around her legs. Nikki was yelling, trying to right herself, and get at the rope binding her, but she was only making herself swing back and forth.

“What is this, Michelle help me, I can’t get free” Nikki yelled, but when Michelle attempted to reach her she was just out of reach of Nikki’s outstretched hands.

“How the hell did you get up there Nikki” Michelle asked with a hint of frustration in her voice. It did seem a bit ridiculous to go from normal to tied up hanging from the ceiling in a matter of seconds.

“I don’t know! You told me to back away from the crystal, so I did and then something went click and I was being pulled into the air” Nikki said while still trying to pull herself up to reach the rope. The problem really wasn’t a matter of strength for Nikki, it was every time she bent herself that far forward, her bladder ached in protest and it felt as though pee would rush right to the edge of her control, and she would have to flop back down to regain control of her bladder again.

“Crap, you must have triggered a booby trap or something, look can you reach the rope above you? If you can hoist yourself up you should be able to pull yourself free and drop down” Michelle said still trying to reach out to Nikki’s hands.

“I can’t, I need to pee too badly, every time I try I almost pee myself right then and there” Nikki protested, adding a slight wiggle of her thighs to illustrate her predicament.

Michelle bit her lip trying to think of how she could help, but in her head she was coming to the conclusion that Nikki needed to get herself out of this mess. Either that or she’d be a permanent chandelier fixture in this desolate passageway.

“I don’t really know how I can help you, then. There’s nothing for me to climb up with and at this rate you’ll probably just end up peeing if I jump up and pull on you” Michelle said, which caused Nikki to let out a frustrated whine.

“Why couldn’t this have happened to you or Natalie! You guys don’t need to go as bad as I do” Nikki wailed as she placed both of her hands on her crotch and squeezed.

“Who says I don’t have to go to, I’m just better at hiding it” Michelle said with a slight hint of annoyance in her voice. “Besides I’m the tallest, if I was strung up you guys probably couldn’t even hope to reach me”.

Nikki whimpered and started to visibly shake as she squeezed her thighs together. This new position was doing absolutely no favors for her aching bladder, and she knew that the only way she’d be able to free herself would be to wet herself, and then pull herself upright and free her legs, but she didn’t want that to be the only choice, there had to be another way.

Michelle suddenly had an idea, an obvious one at that. “Oh, let’s just have Natalie come back here, she can climb on my shoulders and then we’ll be able to reach you surely” Michelle said, and started to move towards the last grate they heard Natalie call from. Before she had taken more than a few steps however, her foot hit a tile that gave under her weight and sunk into the floor.

Michelle shuddered and waited “Oh no, what did I do” she muttered to herself, waiting for a rope or boulder to make its appearance, but all she heard was a dull mechanical whirring, like a distant lawn-mower coming to life.

But before long, the vent began to shudder, and a fine blue mist began to pour out.

“What’s happening, is that poison gas or something’ Nikki called trying to turn herself around and see the new development in her never-ending difficulty.

But Michelle looked at the crystal abandoned on the ground nearby, and its color matched the mist, and she put two and two together.

“Oh no, this mist has the omorium in it” Michelle said trying to quickly figure out what to do. She ran back over to Nikki and started to jump up trying to reach Nikki’s outstretched hands.

“We gotta move now or we both won’t make it with our panties dry and dignity intact” she said between grunts as she leaped into the air and swatted at Nikki’s fingertips.

“You gotta get me down then Michelle, I can barely hold it as it is, I don’t think I’d last a minute in that weird mist” Nikki said wriggling like a worm on a silk thread, trying to make herself longer in some way.

Michelle was quickly realizing this was futile, and the mist was beginning to fill the cavern and swirling around her feet. She felt chills as the mist glided along the stone floor and she realized what she would have to do.

“Nikki, I’m so sorry, but I can’t help you, and at least one of us needs to get away from this mist” Michelle said biting her lip, but she was already backing away slowly from Nikki, who swung violently forward trying to break free.

“You can’t just leave me here in the mist, what about dignity? You told me what happens in this mist, and what’s worse I’m upside-down” Nikki yelled in a panic, and didn’t even notice a small spurt of pee leak out of her into her panties.

Michelle hated herself for this, but she knew that she couldn’t help Nikki now, let alone collapsed in a horny heap on the ground. She’d wait until the mist had dissipated before coming back.

“I….I really am sorry” Michelle said, and she turned and took off into a sprint down the path, ignoring the aches coming from her own swollen bladder.

Nikki called out to Michelle but she already knew it was futile. The mist was rising closer and closer to her, and she knew it would be a matter of time before she couldn’t hold it anymore.

She bit her lip, and felt another twinge hit her bladder, and another spurt of pee leak out into her panties, and then another. Her bladder ached and her urethra burned with the effort of holding back the flood.

She moaned in frustration, but decided she’d rather actively do it then have it be a complete loss of control. She sighed, closed her eyes and relaxed her muscles. Almost immediately hot pee burst forth into her panties and shorts. Torrents of pee dribbled down the waistband, soaking it profusely and then worming their way down her stomach and past her breasts, following the contours of her body.

She grimaced as the pee ran past her neck and onto her face before finally pattering to the cavern floor below. She felt the wetness spreading across her front and then inch its way around to her butt, flowing down her back as a result. The relief she felt though was all she could focus on, her muscles could relax finally and she had never felt a rush like it.

She didn’t even mind the pee anymore, she just enjoyed the relief, and before long she had emptied everything in her bladder and it had trickled down onto to the cavern floor. She shifted slightly, and felt her soaked panties cling to her crotch and butt as she did, and when she finally opened her eyes she could see her shorts were completely soaked from the crotch down, as was her shirt and bra underneath.

She simply laid back for a moment and enjoyed the relief, not realizing the omorium mist had reached her face, and as she took a deep breath her relief turned into heavy arousal. She shuddered as she squeezed the wet fabric of her panties between her legs, and almost instinctively slid a hand past the waistband of her shorts and began to masturbate. She moaned as she realized just how wonderful the warm, wet fabric felt on her skin, and the more she pleasured herself, the more desperate she became for more.

Before long the mist had engulfed her entirely, and she was surrounded by unending arousal, her libido was growing so high she didn’t think a thousand orgasms would satisfy her, but she kept at it, running her hands across every inch of her body and hitting every pleasure spot she could think of. She came to her first orgasm quickly, and almost immediately had another.

She thought that she would be this way forever, going from one orgasm to another, until suddenly she felt a tug at her waistband, and the rope seemed to evaporate off of her legs. She felt a gentle pulling and she was lifted into the air. She didn’t mind however, as she was far to engrossed in her masturbating to let anything short of a bomb going off distract her. She simply enjoyed the ride, and enjoyed herself as she faded into total darkness…

Meanwhile, Michelle had managed to slightly outrun the mist, but was exhausted from running, and had to stop periodically to deal with a wave of pee pressing against her bladder. She continued to walk as fast as she could, but every so often another vent would shudder to life and produce the omorium mist and she would have to sprint again or else be engulfed by it.

“I hate this, god I have to pee so damn badly” she muttered to herself. She had assumed by this point Nikki was totally soaked and aroused, and she assumed Natalie must have been hit by the brunt of it first.

“I’m the only one left, I can’t outrun this mist forever, and even if I do will I even find the exit before I soil myself as well” she thought out loud, stopping to press her hands into her crotch to stop a particularly severe wave of pressure from causing a leak.

Suddenly, the vents ahead of her and on her side all shuddered to life, and the mists started pouring out onto the floor.

“Shit, shit” Michelle yelled and took off into a run, scattering the blue mist as she ran through it. She could see all the vents ahead of her were running and pumping out mist, and she had to keep up or that would be it.

She ran for what felt like a marathon, her muscles screamed for her to stop, and periodically she would feel a slight spurt of pee leak into her black panties, despite her attempts to stop it. But she had to outrun the mist, it was at her ankles now, and she could no longer see the floor.

She continued her sprint of trying to outrun the mist, until she saw what seemed like sunlight at the end of the tunnel. Clichés aside, she yelped with excitement and quickened her run, knowing she might just make it!

But suddenly, she put her foot down and felt no floor beneath. She screamed as she toppled forward into a pitfall of some kind. Her face hit the covering of mist and she closed her eyes instinctively and put her hands out.

She thought this was it, a bottom-less pit like out of a video game, and she was about to lose, but she suddenly felt something solid, but soft and squishy hit her fingers. She fell into a pile of some kind, it felt cold, but soft like something natural, organic. She had a moment of enjoyment at this soft landing, but then the material tensed, and moved around in a panicked manner.

She opened her eyes, and saw she was in a snake pit. A literal pit of snakes, with the omorium mist drifting slowly down into it from above her.

She let out a panic-stricken shriek as the snakes coiled around her trying to escape this new intruder. She didn’t particularly despise snakes, but when you fall into a pile of unknown snakes, which may or may not be poisonous all of your natural avoidance of these creatures takes over. She shot upright and jumped to the wall of the pit, trying to claw her way up to the surface.

“Oh my god, oh my god” she yelled as she felt snakes coiling around her legs, becoming more curious than afraid by now. She was in a complete panic, all she could focus on was getting out of the pit.

She didn’t even realize that her body had gone into survival mode, and that included making the body less appetizing. Her bladder had completely relaxed, and a torrent of pee escaped into her thin black panties before meeting her skirt. The pee splattered onto the snakes, who recoiled away from her. The snakes slithered away from her until she was standing on the cold earth, still peeing, but now she was becoming aware of it. She was still breathing heavily, but the puddle of pee forming around her was keeping the snakes away, and she could take a moment to actually process what was happening.

Her skirt was completely soaked at the front, and she could feel her thin panties were completely saturated with pee, but she was more focused on the snakes.

She peed for what felt like hours, but before too long the torrent had dwindled to a trickle, and she began to focus on getting out again.

She tried to leap back out of the pit again, knowing there was only mist above her, when she felt a sudden jolt that lifted her skirt band up, like she was caught on a hook. She assumed it was a snake, so she screamed and swatted at the force, but found nothing grabbing her, though her skirt was indeed lifted up and pulling her into the air. Before long she found herself in total darkness, no more snakes, no more mists, and she almost didn’t care about where she was going, just so long as she never had to brave that terrible tunnel ever again…

