The Three Piskateers

Author: Sir-Wee

*000*2013-07-15 12:44

Thought i would post a story i wrote many years ago - this is the first part; if anyone wants me to post the rest i will do so !!!

The Three Pisskateers - First Experience

Lucy, Elizabeth and Michelle had been best friends since like, well forever. None could remember a time when they weren’t friends. They were now in their mid-twenties and did not see quite as much of each other as in their younger days so when they did meet it was always a special time. Little did any of them realise just HOW special their meeting that night was going to prove to be!

They had met at a pub-restaurant not far from where they lived. The evening had been spent chatting, eating and drinking and the time passed without them knowing it. The beers too went without them knowing and the conversation had been so interesting that they hadn't remembered to go to the bathroom until finally, inevitably, they realised that their bladders were dangerously full. The first to notice it was Liz who suddenly said, “Girls, I'll be back in a minute, I need to use the toilet." At this Michelle suddenly noticed the tightness of her jeans squeezing her tummy over her bladder.

"Wait Liz and I'll go with you. I need to go too." and Lucy chipped in by complaining that they weren’t the only ones with several beers inside and that they weren’t to leave her alone. “Ok,” said Liz “but I called it first, which means one of you'll have to wait here to watch our stuff while the other one comes with me." Lucy immediately said, “Michelle, you wait here because I don't think I can hold it much longer." only for Michelle to reply with a stern, “No way. I can't hold it either." “Well hurry up and choose who’s joining me otherwise I’ll simply go on my own,” said Liz. “I’ve a better idea Liz,” said Lucy. “Why don’t we simply settle our bill and then we can all go before we leave!!”

“That sounds like a good idea Lucy,” Liz replied adding, “Let’s get the attention of a waitress and settle up, only let’s do it quickly, hey?”

The next few minutes were spent looking around the room to spot their waitress and get her attention. All the while Liz had a hand under the table pressed against her knickers under her short skirt, while Michelle and Lucy each had their legs crossed and were gently rocking on their seats. Finally their waitress spotted them, brought their bill. Liz immediately flung her card onto the tray to pay the bill telling the others that they could sort out who owes what later.

After the waitress had returned Liz’s card and receipt the three girls got up and headed for the Ladies as quickly as they could without making their desperate predicament too obvious. To their dismay, when they got to the Ladies they found a queue of women all, seemingly, in different stages of desperate need. "Oh, no, this could take forever, I don't know if I can hold it that long..." said Liz and Michelle agreed adding, “We don’t have much choice, we have to hold it and wait." It was at this point that Lucy asked, “And when we get there, ... who goes first?" “Me, of course,” said Liz, “I said it first" “No,” said Michelle, “I’m sure you can hold it much longer than me.” "What makes you think that?" Liz asked, to which Michelle whispered in response "Because I doubt you have never wet yourself as a grown up, but I -" and her voice trailed off.

As she spoke the memory of that event came flooding back (pun intended). Her friends weren't there, that time when she was going to the dentist and had forgotten to go to the toilet before leaving college. She recalled how she was still some way from her destination and feeling that she wasn't going to make it. Then only a couple of streets from the dentist she actually couldn't hold it any longer and froze. She had stood there, half bent and leaning against the wall, as a cascade of pee started to fall from under her skirt running down her legs to the floor and pooling under her feet, from where it flowed in a couple of rivers to the kerbside. She even remembered her humiliation when a woman approached her and asked if she was ok, until she realized what was happening and just kept on walking.

After a few seconds Lucy whispered, “Well, in that case I think Liz should go last, because I also... you know." Yes, she also had wet herself when she was younger, with her younger sister there. They were in a bus returning from a trip, it was a hot day and she had drunk a lot of water and hadn't used the toilet for several hours. The bus was full and she was standing, holding a seat with one hand and her sister Molly's hand with the other. She was desperate and unable to grab her crotch or cross her legs without risking losing her balance and falling from the movement of the bus.

She was whispering to her sister "I'm gonna pee my pants, I'm gonna pee my pants" until she lost the battle and actually peed her knickers. The pee formed a pool at her feet and left a very visible trail on the floor as it flowed up and down with the movement of the bus. These weren't the thoughts they needed right at that minute!! Liz hissed at her two friends, “Girls, stop talking about accidents or you'll make me lose it right here!! Besides, even if I can hold it longer than you, how do you know that I haven't drunk more beers and I'm more desperate?"

"It doesn't matter Liz,” said Michelle, “this is insane, the queue has hardly moved since we arrived and I think only two people have gone in. At this rate none of us will make it! What can we do?"

"I've no idea, but think of something quick, ‘cos I don’t want to pee myself in front of all these people!" Liz replied. “What about heading back to my place? I think I can hold it ‘til then. It’s not really that far Do you think you two can hold it?" suggested Lucy. “I’m not sure,” replied Michelle, “but I don’t think we have much choice.”

“Ok,” said Liz, “Let’s go.”

The three girls left the pub and headed to Lucy’s house. The streets were almost empty of pedestrians although a few cars passed by. The emptiness was quite fortunate as all three were walking uncomfortably, trying to hurry as fast as they were able to. It's hard to walk and grab between your legs to hold your pee at the same time. They were a little under half way when they got to the first major junction avenue and the lights were against them. As they stopped Michelle immediately began dancing on the spot. “When we get there, who goes first?” she asked, adding “It feels that I'll pee my pants any minute. I don't think I can wait for you two to finish."

“Who said anything about one of us going first,” said Lucy. “If it’s really that necessary whilst one of us is on the toilet, the others can wee in the bath,” she added, with a laugh. “I wish these lights would change and quickly, pleasee..." said Liz. At last they did and the girls crossed the road, Michelle starting to run before reaching the other side. She soon turned off the main road and disappeared out of sight. Liz and Lucy were also crossing as fast as they could and they too soon turned off. No sooner were they round the corner than Lucy grabbed herself again between her legs, whilst Liz hurried to catch up with Michelle. Michelle had tried running but the pressure of her jeans and the pounding of the running had caused her to spurt once or twice so she soon gave it up. She also realised that getting to Lucy’s house before Lucy was a bit pointless as she wouldn’t be able to get in anyhow!

She stopped on a corner and had to press her leg together to try with all her inner muscle strength to hold the rest of the wee inside. Once she felt she had regained control she started to walk, but this time taking small steps, crossing her legs one in front of the other. "This slowly I will never get there in time," she thought so tried to take longer steps, but the longer strides meant that she couldn’t keep her legs tightly together and as a result several more little spurts of pee escaped her bladder and wet her panties even more. Her mind was racing. "Oh, I think I'm losing it, what can I do?" Then she realised that she was almost alone in the street. A couple were heading her way, but on the other side of the street. It was no good, she was never going to make it to Lucy’s so walked over to a parked car to block her view from the couple and began to fight with the buttons of her jeans. All the while she could feel another spurt of pee escaping, and then another one...

When Liz finally caught up with Michelle she found her just like that, half bent over, her back towards her and clearly trying to unbutton her jeans. Then she noticed a dark spot extending down from her friend's crotch, half over her right bum cheek and a few inches down her right leg. "Michelle, have you peed yourself?" Liz asked, stunned by the sight. Michelle was still fighting with her jeans as she replied "Oh, Liz, I've peed a little already. I'm really desperate. I’m trying to hold it but it’s hard, and, and these fucking jeans..." “But you can't, not in the street, in public!"

"I don’t care! I am WEEING myself already, do you get it?!. Ah, there they go, finally!" With one quick movement Michelle pulled her jeans down and went to squat. But although she had had a good grip on her jeans she didn’t get a good grip on her knickers, which only came down just a little, exposing her bum but barely getting past the very top of her thighs. But it was too late for a second attempt. She had barely got her jeans down to her feet and was still in the process of squatting when a jet of pee rushed out through her soaked knickers, some of it splashing inside her jeans. Once in squatting position she kept peeing with a firm stream that fell between her feet, splashing her shoes and the bottom of her jeans, while she heard her sister speak.

"Michelle, your knickers! You're peeing your knickers!!" Seeing the couple across the street looking at her while they pass by Michelle hissed "Can’t you keep your voice down? I don't care about the knickers, they were already soaked, most important is that all THAT hasn't ended up in my clothes!" and at this she pointed at the huge puddle forming beneath her. At this point Lucy, one hand still between her legs and an expression of desperation in her face, finally caught up with her friends and was met by this somewhat bizarre scene. Michelle squatting and peeing in the street with her knickers still on, and Liz looking at her whilst holding her crotch from behind under her skirt with her legs crossed. Lucy also noticed something shinning on the inside of Liz’s left thigh, emanating from beneath her skirt. "Girls, what's going on here?" Lucy asked. Michelle turned her head to look at her "Luce, I couldn't hold it, I’d started to pee myself, I had no choice!"

"But, peeing in public? I couldn't do it..."

"Then you better hold yourself better than me Luce!" Liz meanwhile was being driven crazy with her need to wee and listening to the sound of Michelle's pee wasn’t helping! "Michelle, stop talking and hurry up, it's killing me!! I'll pee myself any minute.... oohhh..." Being distracted talking to Michelle, Liz didn’t feel the spurt until it was too late. A long spurt of pee had escaped before she could stem the flow, had passed through her thong, which was really too small to contain anything, and a rivulet of wetness began noticeably running down her thighs to her knees. "OH, NOO!!! I'M LOSING IT!!!" and she started running to Lucy’s house. “Wait Liz,” yelled Lucy and started running too catch her up, still trying to hold her crotch with one hand. "Girls, WAIT FOR MEEE!!" cried Michelle, the last of her wee still trickling out. No wanting to be left behind in such a compromising position she cut off the remaining trickle, pulled up her jeans and ran after her friends.

Elizabeth crossed the street running and headed through the park that was between her and Lucy’s home (and the bathroom!). But with every step she took she felt more spurts of pee coming out and running down her legs. She stopped to allow her friend’s, particularly Lucy, to catch up and leant against a tree. Her legs were crossed as she tried to stop the ever-increasing flow. Her efforts to cut the flow were in vain; there was nothing she could do to avoid more pee escaping, but she didn’t want to just squat like Michelle and expose herself to some pervert that might be around. Then she realized that she didn’t have to. She was wearing a skirt! Her thong was already soaked so there was no point either taking them off or pulling them to one side. With those thoughts and the realisation that she really wasn’t going to make it back to Lucy’s she leant back against the tree, spread her legs just a little, and stopped fighting it.

Within seconds the spurts become a steady stream falling from between her legs and splashes on the dry ground by her feet. She instinctively looked down and saw the puddle forming below her and running around the exposed roots of the tree. Although she could also feel rivers of pee flowing down the back of her legs and wetting her sandals, she congratulated herself because the skirt wouldn’t show any signs of her accident (at least not in the front). She was savouring the relief when she hears Lucy’s voice. "Lizi, not you peeing knickers too?” What she failed to add what that it was almost too late for her too. Her hand that was covering her crotch had been feeling dampness under her fingers for a little while now, but she was still managing to keep most of her pee inside.

"You sure you are going to make it to your place Lucy?” asked Liz just as Michelle finally caught them up. “If not,” she added, “you can always do it here like Michelle and squat; there is no one around." “Yes Luce, do it like me, pull down your jeans and knickers and squat,” Michelle said adding with a laugh, “Its simple." “I do really need to wee but I can't do it in public!!" wailed Lucy. “Well its up to you Lucy but I don’t think you’re going to make it home are you?” said Michelle and Liz added, “Well, I didn’t think I’d do it in public either but it’s not as if there is anyone else around. So go on be a devil and squat like Michelle or otherwise pee your knickers like I did. Go on I dare you!”

Has she heard right? Has Liz just told her to pee her knickers?? It couldn't be true and there was no way that she could have known about her fetish?? Since that time she peed herself on the bus and felt that mix of humiliation and excitement she had played with the idea, peeing through her panties before getting in the shower, and a couple of times even doing it in shorts or knickers when she was alone, playing to hold it as long as she could, but never in front of others and least of all in public!! No, it couldn't be, Liz was only teasing her.

But then, it was very possible that she wasn't going to be able to make it home in time and besides, she was feeling sexually aroused at her own desperate need and from witnessing her friends accidents and curious to see just how much longer she could hold it. “No Liz! What are you saying? I can't do it here - I have to make it..." and with that she started to take small steps. By now Liz had finished peeing and was walking next to Lucy. "No, you won't make it and besides, it's not fair that you're the only one that hasn't wet herself. We won't let you do that to us, will we Michelle?" and she made the sound of peeing with her mouth.

Michelle laughed and said, “You’re very naughty Liz, you know that?” but she too starting making a hissing sound. "No, girls don’t do that or I will pee myself. I’m struggling to hold it as it is. Stop it or I’ll do it.” Lucy cried. Both her friends continued to make the same sounds laughing as they did so. "NOO, OH, NOOOO!!!.... STOP! I'M LOSING IT!!!... I'M PEEING IN MY JEANS!!!!... AAAAAAHHHHHH!" and with that pee started to flow out of Lucy, who had in fact stopped fighting and had began to enjoy the relief and something else.

The liquid flowed between her crossed legs, making a wet spot in the front of her crotch under her hand, falling from her bum down her legs. She could not see her friend’s faces but both were staring with their eyes wide open at her stream that barely made any sound at all when falling to the grass. Meanwhile, out of sight, Lucy’s fingers, still holding her crotch, started to rub it hard, back and forth, back and forth getting soaked with the pee that kept flowing from her pussy. “Aaaaahhhhhh!!... Aaaaaahhhhhhh!!!!... MMMMMMMMHHHH!!!! Her friends couldn’t see Lucy close her eyes, bite her lips and tremble slightly while still holding her crotch, the pee running through her fingers.

They assumed that her noises were of relief, of finally releasing the pressure of her bladder, but Lucy’s trembling was caused by a powerful orgasm that ran up and down her body and eventually made her fall to her hands and knees, still peeing in that position, with the wetness spreading down both her legs and pooling at her knees. Michelle looked at her friend and suddenly felt guilty about what they've done to her. But she stayed where she was, her legs together, because the laughs, the noises she made with Liz, had caused her bladder to release the rest of what had been cut off earlier, and didn’t want them to see how much the wetness in her jeans had just grown.

Liz however didn’t feel bad. Not knowing why, she felt almost as if she had done her friend a favour; maybe because this way she's not suffering anymore? But no, there is something else running around her head. She went across to Lucy and helped her up, then went across to Michelle who, she notices, is somewhat more wet than before and grabbing them both by their hands leads then across the park to Lucy’s house. As they walk, an idea crosses her mind and she smiles. If someone could see them, they’d see two girls who had wet themselves being led by another that could hold it – though she hadn't seen yet the wetness on the back of her mini-skirt! Surely, if someone had ended up winning it was her!

