Alice`s Desperate School day

Author: RedFish3000

*000*2018-02-12 04:25

This is my first omorashi story I've written. I hope you enjoy it.

Alice is a 17 year old highschool girl. She's the best student in her classroom. She was pretty good at all the different subjects such as math, english, history and others, but her favorite subject was science. Whether it was biology, physics or any other science class, she really liked science. She was sure she'd be a scientist in the future, and loved to read books about biology, chemistry and physics during her free time.

Physically, she has a slim body, and long dark brown hair. She used glasses due to her astigmatism. She has an average height.

One day, she woke up and got up from her bed, her hair a bit messy after last night's sleep. As she standed up and looked at the digital clock next to her bed, she was shocked to see what time it was. "7:50 am!? I'm gonna be late for school!"

Alice rushed to get dressed, while she wondered what had happened? Did she not hear the clock's alarm? Did she forget to set the alarm? Alice remembered last night, she had gotten very sleepy, since she had been immersed in her books for hours almost until midnight, and went to bed without setting her alarm.

"I'll have to remember to set the alarm before I get sleepy next time." Said Alice to herself, while she finished getting dressed, and then rushed to the kitchen for breakfast. There, she saw her younger, 12 year old brother, Max. He hadn't seen his older sister so rushed in quite a while, since she was normally very organized with her time.

"Wow, you sure overslept this time". He said, laughing slightly. "Maybe you'll finally be late to school this time." Max kept laughing a bit, but this wasn't funny for Alice. She had never been late to school in the entire year, and she was determined to keep that record. She drank a glass of orange juice, ate some toast and rushed outside to the bus stop. She just hoped she would be able to get there in time.

Luckily, when she reached the bus stop, the bus was arriving there as well, so she managed to catch the bus. Alice entered the bus, then sat down and relaxed as she knew she'd keep her record. However, as she relaxed, she felt a slight twinge in her bladder. It was at that moment that she realized that, with all the rush to get to the bus stop on time, she forgot to pee. Alice tried to think about something else and ignore her bladder for now.

After some minutes, the bus arrived at Alice's school. Alice went directly to her classroom, and didn't stop to use the bathroom. She even walked pass the bathrooms, but she refused to use them. She hated using those bathrooms, and in fact, she hated using any bathrooms that were used by many people. She always thought about how many people used those toilets, and how many germs she could get just by sitting there, so whenever she needed to pee during class, she'd always hold it until she got back home.

Of course, this meant that Alice had held her pee during class several times. In fact, Alice had developed quite the ability to hold her pee because of this. However, usually Alice had her morning pee before going to school, which wasn't the case this time. Still, Alice decided to ignore her full bladder, and walked into the classroom.

As she walked in, she was greeted by two of her best friends: Alex and Tom.

Alex was a 17 year old student that had brown hair, and was slightly taller that Alice. He wasn't the brightest student in the classroom, but he was usually able to get passing grades for each subject.

Tom, usually called Tommy by everyone in the classroom, was a 16 year old student, he had blonde hair and was one of the smallest students in the classroom. Other students usually annoyed him about it, but Alex was usually nearby to defend him. Tommy considered Alex almost like if he were his older brother.

Neither of the two were too bright, but they had become friends with Alice since the science teacher had the three of them work together for an assignment. After that they became friends.

So when Alice entered the classroom, she was greeted by her two friends.

"Hi Alice!" said Alex, in a cheerful tone. "I was starting to think you weren't going to make it. Our first class starts in about a minute."

"I know. I forgot to set the alarm last night." said Alice. "But at least I'm here on time."

"Yeah, that's good." agreed Tommy. "I was worried you'd lose you record today."

While the three friends were talking, someone entered the classroom. It was the english teacher. She was a woman in her early thirties with blonde hair, and would usually wear jeans almost everyday. She was was one the more friendly teachers in the school, and students really liked being in her class.

"Good morning." said the english teacher as she entered the classroom. The students greeted her, and went each to their seat as the teacher sat down at her desk.

As the class went on, Alice started to feel her need to pee increasing. It wasn't too bad yet, and she could still ignore it without much of a struggle, but she was aware that it would get worse later.

Later in the class, Alice looked at the clock on the right wall of the classroom. "9:02 am". Then she starting remembering the last time she peed. It was last night, around 10:00 pm, so it had been about 11 hours since her last pee. She could surely feel the twinge in her bladder getting more uncomfortable, but she was still able to ignore her full bladder.

"Ok class, please open your books at page 136. Read the passage on that page and then answer the questions on page 137." Said the english teacher as she finished explaining. Alice quickly opened her book. She thought that working on something would help her forget about her need to pee, at least for a while.

However, when Alice started reading the passage, she knew it wouldn't be so helpful after all. The passage was about the different species that inhabited the sea at different depths. The passage contained several water-related words: "sea", "ocean", "water pressure", and more. Reading the passage made Alice's need get much worse. The page even contained an image of the ocean. Alice was getting desperate. In her situation, pretty much any other student in the classroom would have asked to use the bathroom, specially since the english teacher was nice and would usually allow them to use the bathroom if they need too.

However, Alice was still determined to not use the school's bathrooms. Instead, she changed the position of her legs, slightly crossing one leg over the other, trying to make it seem like a normal position. Apparently, it had worked, since Alex didn't seem to notice anything strange when he turned towards Alice to ask her about something he didn't understand in the passage.

After a while, Alice had finished answering the questions, and was slightly relieved that she wouldn't have to read that passage anymore. However, Alex, who was sitting at Alice's left, kept asking her for help every now and then, so Alice was constantly reminded of the topic. Still, she managed to last until the end of the class without showing any signs of her increasing need. The bell rang, and the english teacher gave some final instructions to the students before leaving.

So far Alice had held her pee during one class, but she knew this was only the beggining. There were still several more hours she had to wait before the school day was over and she could go home to pee. Still, she refused the idea of using the bathroom toilets. Although she was already pretty uncomfortable, she was still determined to not use the school bathrooms. So she got ready for the next class, and tried to ignore her full bladder.

To be continued...

So, since the story is a bit long, I'm planning to upload it in small parts like this one so it's easier for me to write it, and also so I can see what you all think about it so far. Feel free to give me suggestions. I'll upload part 2 soon!

$$

*005*2018-02-13 02:22

{{

13 hours ago, Dwayne said:

Thanks, the beginning is great! Looking forward to read more!

You may want to tell us something about her clothes?

}}

That's a good idea. I'll be sure to keep it in mind.

*006*2018-02-13 04:40

I'm glad you're all liking the story! Ok, here's chapter 2:

The next class in the day was math. Alice was hoping that working on some math problems would distract her from her increasing need to pee.

The math teacher was a man with black hair in his early forties. He wasn't as nice as the english teacher, but he wasn't too strict either.

"Good morning." He said, and was answered by the students. Alice wanted to hurry and get working, anything to forget about her full bladder. Her need was getting more urgent, and her clothes weren't helping her at all.

Today Alice was wearing a red blouse and black tight pants. Those tight pants did look good on her, but as her bladder was getting fuller, the pants started putting some extra pressure on her bladder. Alice started fidgeting slightly as the class began. As the teacher was explaining some equations, Alice forced herself to pay more attention to the class, but her bladder was starting to distract her more than before. Still, she managed to understand most of what the teacher had explained.

"Alright students, you will form teams of three members each." explained the math teacher. "Then each team will solve the equations on pages 212 and 213. 30 minutes should be enough time to complete all of them if you work together. After that, each team will choose one member to come to the blackboard and solve an equation I will choose at random."

As the teacher explained, Alex turned towards Alice again. "Pst, Alice!"

"Yes?" said Alice, trying to hide her desperation.

"Let's make a team. You, me, and Tommy." said Alex.

"Sure, let's do it." Alice knew that she'd have to do most of the work, since Alex and Tommy weren't very good at math. However, she hoped that solving the equations would make her stop thinking about her full bladder.

"Ok, make your teams and start working. You have 30 minutes." Said the math teacher. Alice, Alex and Tommy sat together to start working. Alice opened the book to start working on the equations, trying hard not to squirm. She had her legs crossed, and was still slightly fidgeting, but she tried to keep it subtle so that Alex and Tommy wouldn't notice.

As Alice was working on the equations, she had forgotten about her need to pee, and was working quickly on the equations. Alex was watching her solve the equations, while Tommy had started drawing in his notebook. Alex noticed his friend drawing.

"What are you drawing?" Asked Alex.

"Oh, this?" Tommy lifted the notebook to show Alice and Alex his drawing, which was a large river surrounded by trees. "Nothing special. Just some random landscape." The sight of the river in Tommy's drawing made Alice remember she needed to pee, and she started fidgeting again.

"Nice drawing Tommy!" said Alex.

"Thanks." Said Tommy. "What do you think Alice?"

"Uhh..." Alice tried hard to sound natural, and hide her desperation from her voice. "It's a nice drawing Tommy, but you know that we're not supposed to draw in math class."

"Oh, right, sorry." Said Tommy.

After a while fidgeting and crossing her legs, Alice had finished solving the equations, and just on time. "Alright, time's up!" announced the math teacher. "Now each team must choose a member to come an solve an equation."

Alice really didn't want to go to the blackboard. She never got nervous about it, but now she really needed to pee, and if she went to the blackboard, it would be easier for her classmates to see her fidgeting and crossing her legs. Maybe Alex could go to the blackboard for once.

"Hey, Alex? Wanna go to the blackboard this time?" asked Alice, hoping that Alex would say yes. Unfortunately, that didn't happen.

"Me? I barely understand these numbers!" said Alex. "Why don't you go? You're great at math. This will be piece of cake for you." Alice turned towards Tommy, and saw him coloring his drawing.

"Oh, forget it." Thought Alice, as she realized Tommy was even less likely to have understood the equations. He had been drawing the entire period! "Well, I guess I'll go then." said Alice. She tried to get up from her seat slowly, to not put too much pressure on her bladder. Her tight pants were already torturing her though, but she was able to stand up and walk to the blackboard.

"Come on Alice, you can do this." Alice thought to herself. "Don't shake, don't squirm... just hold it in... you can do this."

The math teacher wrote on the blackboard an equation from the book for Alice to solve. She started writing on the blackboard, keeping her legs pressed together tightly. She tried hard not to fidget in front of the whole class, but her bladder kept reminding her constantly of how badly she needed relief. She fidgeted slightly as she finished writing the equation, but she was able to prevent herself from doing anything else.

"That's correct. Thank you Alice" said the math teacher, after checking the equation Alice had solved. "You can go back to your seat." Alice walked back to her seat, and waited for the class to end. She crossed her legs a bit tighter than last time, but Alex and Tommy were so busy talking about some videogame they had played, that they didn't notice it at all. After more students solved some equations on the blackboard, the bell rang, and the math class was over.

"Well, two periods done." thought Alice to herself. She needed to pee quite badly now, and there was much more time left before she could go home and pee. Alice looked at the clock: 10:45 am. "Why does time pass so slowly when I have to pee?" thought Alice to herself.

So that's chapter two. I hope you like it. Feel free to give me suggestions for the next chapters!

*011*2018-02-16 04:05

Thanks for all the support guys! Here's chapter three!

Alice's next class would be Art class. She didn't hate this class, but she wasn't really good at it. Every time she had this class, she just wanted to finish soon so she could to something she liked more. And with her growing need to pee, we could only wish time was going faster.

"I'm sure the art teacher will love the river I drew!" said Tommy to Alex and Alice, showing them the drawing. Again, seeing that drawing was making Alice's desperation get worse. Alice was trying to not let Alex and Tommy know of her predicament, but still couldn't avoid fidgeting a bit while Tommy talked about his drawing.

The art teacher was a man that was apparently in his early thirties. He was really passionate about art, and would encourage his students to enjoy art too. He was Tommy's favorite teacher. As the teacher started the class, Alice was getting more fidgety than before. Alex, who was near Alice, started to notice this, but decided to not tell her anything about it. At least not yet. Tommy, on the other hand, who had been very distracted on the other classes, was now immersed in the art class.

"11:03 am" Alice said to herself, as she watched the clock. She calculated her last pee had been 13 hours ago. She was getting worried, as she felt her full bladder making her more and more uncomfortable. And with her tight pants putting extra pressure on her bladder, she couldn't avoid crossing her legs. Before she had crossed them slightly, but now her legs were crossed tighter than before.

Alice tried to ignore her desperate need, and tried to concentrate on the class. Tommy was showing the art teacher his drawing.

"That's a wonderful drawing Tommy." said the art teacher. "Well, today I want you all to paint a natural landscape. See it in your mind, feel the atmosphere of the place you're drawing, express emotions through your painting; be creative!"

Tommy was the first student to start painting. Alice tried to concentrate on her painting, but was getting very distracted by her full bladder, begging her for relief. She uncrossed her legs and crossed them the other way, trying to concentrate on her painting. Alex was noticing Alice's movements, but again, decided to not say anything about it.

As time passed, everyone else was finishing their paintings, while Alice was only half way done, trying her best to not squirm. She was still able to hold her pee without going on a full pee dance, but she was getting more desperate as time went on.

The art teacher started calling some students to show their paintings to the class. Alice wasn't paying much attention to that, as she was trying her hardest to finish her painting. However, when one of the students showed his painting of a waterfall, Alice heard it, and only felt her desperation increase. She was fidgeting more than before, and was crossing her legs even tighter.

"Come on Alice, control yourself." She said to herself. "Stop it before someone notices..." Then she noticed Alex was looking at her, but he turned his head back to his own painting quickly. "I hope he didn't notice my movements." she thought to herself. She was trying to stay still, but she needed to pee so badly.

"Alice, your turn. Show us what you painted." Said the art teacher. This worried Alice. Everyone would pay attention to her when she showed her painting, and they'd surely notice her need this time!

"I haven't finished yet..." Said Alice, nervously. The art teacher went to see her progress, and saw it was true.

"Don't worry." said the art teacher. "Just tell us what you're painting, and show us what you've done so far."

Alice was frustrated that she hadn't been able to excuse herself out of showing the painting. So she tried to keep still, and started talking about her painting. It was a painting of a sunset view with some hills. She was using all her will power to not fidget and cross her legs in front of the entire class.

"It's a lovely painting Alice." said the art teacher. "It's a shame the class is almost over. I would have loved to see how it looks when it's finished."

Alice, on the other hand, was glad this period was over. The bell rang, and the students left the classroom, heading straight towards the school's cafeteria. Alice was walking slowly, trying to not put some unnecessary pressure on her already tortured bladder.

"Oh... I need to pee so bad..." Alice thought to herself. She walked pass some of the school bathrooms, but again, refused to use them. She was definitely very desperate, but she was very stubborn when it comes to which bathrooms she'd use. No matter how much she was torturing herself by doing this, she was determined to not use those bathrooms.

She walked with her legs pressed together, and was biting her lower lip as she tried to control herself. She had already survived half of the school day, but would she be able to last the second half of the school day without humiliating herself?

*018*2018-02-19 18:46

Here's chapter 4! Sorry if it's a bit short:

Alice entered the school's cafeteria, walking with her legs pressed together, and biting her lower lip. However, since she had walked so slowly, there was already a line for lunch. The students were lined up with their trays, getting lunch. Alice would have to stand for a few more minutes before she could go sit down and eat.

Right ahead of her were Alex and Tommy.

"Why did you take so long, Alice?" asked Alex. Alice tries to stand still to not let her friends see her predicament, but she can't help it. Her legs continue pressed together.

"Uh... I was helping someone with a math problem they didn't understand." said Alice with a fake smile. She was lying, but Alex and Tommy believed her.

"Gotta pee... gotta pee..." Alice thought, while trying to control herself. She was trying to stand still in line, but as her desperation got worse, she started a subtle pee dance while in line with her tray. Luckily, Alex and Tommy were talking again, and didn't notice her pee dance.

Finally, after some time waiting, Alice was able to get her lunch. Then she carried her tray to a table to eat.

"Hey Alice! Here we are!" exclaimed Tommy, waving his hand to call Alice. Alice went to the table where Tommy and Alex are, and sat down. Alice tried to look natural, but under the table, she was crossing her legs very tightly, and was squirming slightly.

"I think the art teacher really liked my painting." Said Tommy. Alex however, started paying attention to Alice's movements. He noticed how she was squirming.

"Hey Alice, is everything alright?" He asked. Alice started getting nervous.

"Yeah... I'm alright, don't worry." She said nervously. Alex quickly looked below the table, and saw Alice's crossed legs.

"Alice, are you sure you're ok? It looks almost like if you..."

"I what?" asked Alice.

"You know, like if you needed to pee." said Alex.

Alice starting blushing. She hated when others knew that she needed to pee. But now Alex knew it.

"Well, maybe just a little bit." said Alice, a bit embarrassed.

"Really? You look like you need it a lot." Alex said, teasing her a bit.

"Fine, you win." admitted Alice, while she kept squirming in her seat. "But I'll be fine."

"Uh, you do know there's bathrooms right outside the cafeteria, right?" Tommy asked.

"Yes, I do." Alice said. "It's just that..."

"What?" asked Alex. "You can trust us."

"I hate using the bathrooms here at school, ok?" she said quickly. "So many people use those bathrooms, who knows how many germs they have!"

"But if you're not going to use the bathrooms, what's your plan?" asks Alex, seeming pretty interested in the subject.

"I'll just have to wait until I get home." Alice answers.

"Well, good luck then." says Alex. "I hope you're able to hold it all day."

"Uh... thanks." says Alice, still embarrassed by the topic. Alex wouldn't say it, but he was actually a bit turned on by the sight of girls desperate to pee. He still hoped his friend Alice would be ok, but he knew he'd have something to enjoy for the following hours.

After they finished lunch, the three friends went to recess. There was a half hour recess before the next period. Alice walked while squirming, trying to be as subtle as possible to not get the attention of other students. It was bad enough for her that her two friends knew of her predicament. Alex and Tommy where walking with her, and they passed by the bathrooms yet again.

"Wait a moment." Said Tommy, as he entered the boys' bathroom. As Alex and Alice waited for Tommy, Alice looked at the girls' bathroom, and could only imagine how good it would feel to relieve her overfilled bladder finally. However, she couldn't give in to the temptation. She still refused to use it, no matter how bad she needed it.

