The Girl Who Liked To Hold It - Part 3

Author: pdancefan

*000*2015-11-14 00:02

THE GIRL WHO LIKED TO HOLD IT - PART 3

It was Friday afternoon, and the last bell of the day rang. Kelly headed out the door of the school, anticipating another desperate walk home.  She had held her pee all day so that she could enjoy the naughty feeling of walking home while trying to control a bursting bladder. But, as she exited the school, she was surprised to see her mother waiting in her car. "Come on, Kelly! We’re going shopping."

"Oh No!", thought Kelly. She hopped into the backseat of the car and buckled her seatbelt. "Where are we going shopping at?" she asked. "To the Mall." answered her mother.

After her mother parked in the mall’s parking lot, Kelly quickly got out of the car. Feeling a sharp urge to pee as soon as she stood up, Kelly quickly moved around to the far side of her car from her mother. Using the car as a shield, Kelly grabbed her crotch tightly for a few moments, until the urge subsided. As they walked into the mall, Kelly lagged behind her mother, not wanting her mother to see that she needed to pee. Kelly was walking stiffly and making quick little grabs at her crotch. They continued like this down the hallway of the mall, until they reached a clothing store.

"I want you to try on some summer dresses." announced her mother. They went to the racks to look at the new dresses. Kelly was trying as hard as she could not to fidget in front of her mother, but it was getting hard for her to hide it. At one point, Kelly’s bladder spasmed, and she had to hurry behind a rack of jeans to hide from her mother as she grabbed her crotch hard and stepped from foot to foot. She somehow managed to get her bladder to settle down and rejoined her mother. "Here, go try these ones on." said her mother.

Kelly took the blue, green, and red dresses and went into one of the changing rooms. Kelly hung the dresses and started to undo her jeans. She pulled the jeans down and lifted her leg to pull them off. As she lifted her leg, she felt her pee rush toward her urethra. Kelly grabbed her crotch hard with both hands and squeezed hard. Somehow, she managed to hold her pee in. The same thing happened when she lifted her other leg to pull the jeans off that foot. Kelly danced around in the little cubicle, hand jammed in her crotch, fighting to stay in control. She managed to put the red dress on over her pink panties, and feeling in control of her bladder, Kelly walked out to show her mother.

"Turn around so I can see how it looks." commanded her mother. Kelly walked in a circle, stopping facing her mother, and then crossed her legs as she felt her bladder twitch again. "Okay. I don’t think you need to try the other two on. Go put your jeans back on now." said her mother. Kelly carefully uncrossed her legs and walked carefully into the changing room. Shutting the door behind her, Kelly rammed her hands into her crotch and started dancing crazily as she felt a huge urge to pee. Kelly wriggled and fidgeted and danced around absolutely bursting to pee now. Kelly managed to pull the dress off with much difficulty as she had to keep one hand holding herself the entire time. Kelly realized she couldn’t hold it much longer. Thinking fast, Kelly sat down on the bench in the corner of the cubicle.

Pulling her pink panties to one side, Kelly scooted her bum to the edge of the bench. Just as she finished positioning herself, Kelly’s bladder abruptly let go. A strong, thick, hissing stream of pee jetted out in front of the bench and sizzled on the olive carpet below. Kelly sat there helplessly, as she continued to pee and pee, forming a large puddle on the carpet. Her pee lasted 35 to 40 seconds, eventually diminishing to a trickle and then stopping altogether.

Kelly sat shivering for a few moments, regaining her composure, and then began to feel excited at how naughty it was to pee on the floor of the changing room. She smiled to herself, let her panties fall into place, and then carefully stood up and stepped around her puddle on the floor. Kelly quickly pulled her jeans on, grabbed the dresses, and rejoined her mother. Kelly’s mother paid for the dresses, and Kelly smiled to herself the whole way home, as she thought about her naughty experience in the dressing room.

