Taking Over the Family Business

Author: SashaButters

*009*2015-05-04 16:04

Karin found herself once again wandering the large forest, in search of what, she couldn’t recall in her drug induced state. Even in her dream she felt a bit loopy. Part of her wanted nothing more than to just lie in the lush green field and sleep, but her curious side kept her up and moving. It was like she had been here before and there was something important about this place but she just couldn’t remember.

“Lost again I see.” A woman's voice said while stifling a laugh. “You were just here, have you forgotten your way so soon?”

“Who are you?” Karin said turning around to look but stopped as she had to wait a few seconds for her senses and equilibrium to catch up.

“Try and remember, we just had this conversation.”

“We did?” Karin asked as she followed the sound of the voice nearly breaking into a run.

“Slow down. There’s no rush.” The voice calmly stated as Karin had to lean against a tree for support as her world spinned around. Karin kept moving forward once she got her footing. She wanted to know; No NEEDED to know who that voice belonged to. There was something so soothing about her, whoever she was, that calmed the girl and made her feel at peace. She wanted to be with her so badly as if something deep inside was calling out for her. “That’s it; you’re almost there. Just a little further.” Karin couldn’t help but smile eagerly as she came to a break in the foliage as she peeked around the trees into the familiar looking clearing with childlike curiosity. She whipped her head around at the sound of moving leaves, but lost her footing and began falling due to the foggy sensation and sensory delay.

“Ahh!” Karin cried out until she felt a pair of large arms wrap around her. She looked up surprised when she didn’t collide face first with the ground to find a woman, no a giant, holding onto her. Her eyes bugged open in surprise at the size difference and again once she felt herself get picked up into the giantesses arms.

“You found me. Good girl.” The giant women said as she patted and rubbed Karin’s back as she held the 13 year old up on her shoulder with ease as if Karin was an infant. If the girl hadn’t been drugged she would have fought and squirmed with all her might out of the woman’s arms and demanded answers, but drugged Karin closed her eyes, smiled contently at the physical contact and wrapped her arms around the woman's neck as if it was the most natural thing to do. The woman chuckled as she swayed back and forth in place. “You’re so much more honest with yourself when you’re strung out on pain medication.”

“Hmm?” She mumbled from her place in the woman’s arms. What was she talking about? Pain medication?

“Don’t you remember, honey? You fell and got hurt.” The woman said as Karin’s eyes snapped open with sudden clarity. The hollow, the fight, being unable to be healed. It all came rushing back to her. Her body was lying unconscious in her fathers clinic. If her body was there, how was she here? “You’re here in spirit.” The woman explained seemingly able to read the girls thoughts.

“And where is here exactly?” she asked as she looked around the forest from her high vantage point as she blushed at being held like a child.

“This is part of your inner self and so am I. I am your zanpakuto and partner. Right now in your drug induced state, your heart is not holding back its desires which is why I am in this form.”

“Huh, my zanpakuto? Oh, the fox! Wait, you’re the fox?” Karin asked looking puzzled as she looked into the woman’s eyes which flashed bright yellow just like the foxes had. “What do you mean by my hearts desires?”

“I am. Currently as you are, you are stripped of all your inhibitions and fears. Even if you had never been aware of it, you have the strong desire inside of you to feel loved. How does this position make you feel?”

“I feel like a child and ...safe.” Karin admitted as she re-closed her eyes and snuggled back into the woman’s arms.

“You, who does not know what a mother’s love feels like, wishes to be comforted in a way you missed out on as a child, but at the same time, you refuse to let anyone near. You put on a tough facade to hide the hurt and loneliness you feel.” Karin quietly listened and thought about it. “Your assignment for tomorrow. Conquer your fear of needing help. You must come to terms with the fact that you cannot do everything by yourself and that is okay, child.”

Karin squirmed in the giants arms. There was an odd feeling inside of her that caused her some discomfort, but she couldn’t quite place it. Sort of an odd...pressure.

“What’s your name?” Karin asked.

“That I cannot tell you. My name is my power and that is something you are not ready for yet.”

“Then what do I call you?” she asked as she squirmed and shifted as her body tensed.

“Let’s not worry about that, there will come a time for introductions later. For now, let’s get you comfy again. I can tell you’re uncomfortable. What seems to be the problem?” The woman asked already knowing.

“Huh? I’m not sure.” Karin answered truthfully as she focused on her spirit body. She wasn’t in pain, just felt an odd fullness almost.

“How about I help you this one time, but after this you’re going to have to deal with it while conscious.”

“Deal with what?” Karin asked while yawning.

“You’ll soon find out. For now just close your eyes and relax. It will be over soon.” Karin obeyed without a fight as she closed her eyes and rested her head back on the woman’s shoulder as a wave of fullness hit causing the girl to tense. “Don’t fight it, just relax and let go. There you go, good girl.” the giantess praised as she rubbed Karin’s back and felt the girl relax in her arms. Karin breathed a sigh of relief as she felt the pressure begin to dissipate until the strange feeling was gone entirely. “All better?”

“All better.” Karin agreed.

Yuzu suddenly awoke in the bed next to Karin’s inside the clinic. She told her dad earlier that she was willing to stay the night to keep an eye on her sister incase she needed anything. Her father had looked so tired she immediately shooed him off to bed and stayed in his place. That’s weird thought Yuzu as she sat up and looked around the empty clinic. She had sworn she had heard someone talking.

“I feel like a child and ...safe.” Karin mumbled in her sleep. Yuzu jumped out of bed as she stared at her sister, but quietly giggled when she realized what was happening. “Mmm” Karin mumbled contently as her face twitched into what looked like a smile. Aww Yuzu thought as she watched her sister sleep. Whatever she’s dreaming about it must be pleasant. She stayed by her side and watched over her for a few more minutes as she listened to Karin mumbling nonsense in her sleep.

Suddenly a worried look fell upon Karin’s face as her eyebrows furrowed in what appeared to be confusion, but suddenly relaxed as she let out a huge sigh of relief. Uh-oh Yuzu thought as she lifted up Karin’s blanket to see if she was doing what she thought she was. Yuzu breathed a sigh of relief when she saw the diaper that was taped onto Karin’s waist which slowly began expanding to confirm her suspicions.. At least clean up would be easy. I could probably have her in a fresh diaper without even waking her up Yuzu thought until she heard Karin happily reply with “All better.” Yuzu tried to keep her laughter to a minimum, but it wasn’t enough she realized as her sisters eyes slowly opened.

“Wha so funny?” Karin mumbled.

“I’m sorry! I didn’t mean to wake you.” Yuzu apologized while still sporting a large grin. “Just go back to sleep and i'll take care of everything.” Yuzu dug through one of the medical supply cupboards until she pulled out a small adult diaper, some wet wipes, gloves and baby powder.

The both of them had changed hundreds of diapers before for the female patients of their fathers clinic. Ever since someone sick tried to get up to use the bathroom, collapsed and tried to sue; a new rule had been in place. All patients sick or injured who were deemed unfit to leave bed by their father were to be diapered. No exceptions. It didn’t matter if they had a fever, a broken leg, the flu or a cold. If their chart said “bed rest” in the directions then they were not to leave bed. For any reason. Other than the occasional sports injury or car accident, the Kurosaki Clinic mostly catered to the young adults who attended the primary and high schools nearby.

Many of the kids were sent here after being sent home from school sick or could not attend for the day due to illness and had no one at home to help nurse them back to health if needed. Many of the high school students lived alone while their parents were on business trips so come flu season the place was packed. It was mid May right now so all they really saw were the occasional sprain and bicycle crash. Unless they were either seriously injured like Karin, they were free to get up and use the facilities.

Since most of their patients were sick kids and nothing overly serious, Isshin employed Karin and Yuzu under the table after school to help the patients with things like fetching ice packs, getting water, personal hygiene and helping them feel as comfortable as possible. While Yuzu was a natural, Karin on the other hand seemed to lack in the bedside manner department. Just last month she had fought with a middle school girl about the diaper rule. The patient kept insisting she was fine to get up and begged Karin to allow her to use the bathroom but Karin grew more and more frustrated and told her “Stop being a baby and just piss yourself already.”

Yuzu had found that comment to be incredibly insensitive and oddly ironic. She had tried to explain to Karin that being diapered was incredibly embarrassing, but Karin had simply rolled her eyes and replied with “I wouldn’t know.” It was then that Yuzu was left to deal with the now crying patient who began pleading with phrases like “I can’t” and “Please don’t make me.” Whether it was Yuzu’s gentle coaxing or the girls inability to hold it any longer, the young patient was finally able to relieve themselves in the diaper and whimpered during the entire changing process.

Although Yuzu did feel terrible that her fraternal twin was hurt, she hoped this experience would soften her a bit now that she would be on the other side of things. For whatever reason, the black haired girl seemed more than confident about being up and about in three days time, but Yuzu figured it was probably the pain medication talking since after her statement she followed it up by saying a fox lady told her.

“Try not to move, Karin.” Yuzu whispered as she approached her sister who began lightly squirming in discomfort. “You’ll be dry in no time.” she assured her as she lifted up the sheet and blanket and set it aside to reveal her naked and soaked sister underneath..

“No, my blanky.” Karin mumbled still half asleep as she tried reaching for it.

“You can have it back after I change you.” Yuzu laughed. “Oh shoot, it leaked.” Clearly Orihime had never diapered an adult before.

“What leaked?”

“You did.” Yuzu said as she ripped the tabs off exposing the rest of her sister. Once the sound of the ripped tabs filled the otherwise quiet clinic, Karin’s eyes sprung open as she realized what was happening and quickly covered herself with her good hand on instinct. “Not too bad, no worries.”

“What happened? What are you doing?” Karin asked in a panic.

“You wet your diaper so I’m getting you cleaned up. Nothing to get worked up over.” Nothing to get worked up over?! That’s two nights in a row she wet herself in her sleep. Even worse, her sister was cleaning up after her accident.

“Why didn’t you tell me I had to pee?” Karin growled. She knew the lady tricked her into wetting herself and demanded to know why. That feeling she was experiencing was her needing the bathroom and the fox lady had convinced her to wet herself! Karin heard a laugh inside her head as Yuzu looked at her puzzled.

“What difference would it have made awake or asleep? You would have had to use the diaper anyway.” The fox explained. “Just thought I’d help you out. First time’s always the hardest. Isn’t that what you always tell the patients?” She said with a laugh.

“I didn’t know?” Yuzu said as she looked to Karin for an explanation. After finding none Yuzu sighed and went back to work wiping her sister up with wet wipes. She sure was acting strange Yuzu thought.

“I’m sorry.” Karin mumbled quietly as her face burned with shame and embarrassment.

“”For what?” Yuzu asked confused as she sprinkled baby powder and began rubbing it into Karins skin making her jump a little at the contact.

“For you know….having an accident.” Karin admitted barely above a whisper as her eyes looked everywhere but her sister.

“It wouldn’t have made any difference if you were awake or asleep. It’s not like you would have had any other options. Now let me get this on you right this time. There all done.”Yuzu said as she rolled up the used diaper and tossed it into the trashcan along with her gloves. She then covered her sister back up with a sheet and blanket before sitting on the edge of her bed.

“Thanks.” Karin mumbled still embarrassed.

“I’d lecture you about playing soccer in the street, but I think getting hit by a car is enough of a lesson for one night.” What? Is that what she thinks happened?

“So what were you doing tonight?” Karin asked to see what all she remembered.

“Umm.” Yuzu said thinking back. “I went with dad to the candy shop while he played cards with the owner and his cat while I hung out with Ururu and Jinta. Everyone kept asking about you and that was before you got hit by the car.”

“Oh.” Karin wondered why Yuzu thought she had been hit by a car but she had a feeling she shouldn’t tell her otherwise until she heard the full story from her dad.

“Do you need anything before I go back to sleep?” Yuzu asked before she grabbed Kon off her bed. “You can sleep with Bostov if you want.” She offered holding him out facing her. Kon winked and Karin rolled her eyes. “I was just offering geez.”

“No! I didn’t mean it at you- I mean, yeah I’ll take him. Thanks, Yuzu.” Karin said accepting Kon as the stuffed lion smiled a little wider. “ Try anything and you’re dead.” she whispered to him before wrapping her good arm around him and snuggling him to her chest to make her sister happy.

“I’ll be right here in the bed next to you so just yell if you need anything.” Karin waited until she could hear Yuzu’s deep breathing and light snoring before turning her attention to the stuffed lion.

“What happened to Yuzu? Why can’t she remember anything?” Karin whispered.

“Urahara wiped her memory of the night at your dads request.” Kon whispered back. “She flipped out when she found out you got hurt from the hollow and started yelling at your dad calling him irresponsible for leaving you alone against it.”

“Where did he go? He was right there and then he was gone! If it wasn’t for the fox lady directing me on what to do; I would have died!”

“He said the hollow had some sort of teleportation abilities and sent him on the other side of town. He says he feels really bad because you were lying in your own piss when he found you. Were you really that scared?” Kon snickered.

“I did not piss myself because I was scared.” Karin hissed trying to hide her embarrassment. “I did it on purpose. I seemed to be generating some kind of electrical activity and he had me in his hand while touching the electrical wire so I figured if I got the both of us wet, it would electrocute him. Which it did.”

“Sorry, but it sounds like you just caught a lucky break after wetting yourself in fear. You’re all brawn and no brain, honey.” Kon teased smacking her in the head.

“Ow, watch it! My head hurts.” Karin said ready to throw Kon in the trash can with her wet diaper. “Fine, it wasn’t my idea. I met a uh...what do you call it...inner spirit person. Zanpakuto. It was her idea. She saved my life.”

“You met your Zanpakuto? Then why aren’t you a soul reaper yet. Only soul reapers can travel to their inner world.”

“Hmm, she said I’m not ready yet. She said I have to “overcome my fears” first before she’ll even tell me her name.”

“Well your first step is to not piss yourself at the first sight of a hollow.” Kon said as he fell on the bed laughing. Karin pick him up and tossed him in the trash can by her bed listening to the pleasant sounds of Kon’s anguish before closing her eyes and drifting back to sleep.

###

Karin opened her eyes to find the clinic in full swing, meaning there was two other people in there besides her. She quietly moaned in pain as her head hammered with every sound and the bright fluorescent lighting blinded her. Not only was she in pain, but she knew she was in trouble when she came face to face with the glaring stare of her sister.

“Why was Bostov in the trash?” She seethed in anger as she held him in front of Karin’s face. “He smells like your pee now!”

“Yuzu, what’s the matter. It’s not like you to yell at our patients. It’s usually Karin I need to worry about.“ Isshin joked as he came in to rescue her from her wrath. “Maybe Bostov said something Karin didn’t like.” He said with a wink causing Karin to weakly smile at the inside joke.

“I’m sorry, Yuzu” Karin said faking guilt. “I accidentally smacked him during the night and he fell in the trash. I couldn’t get up and get him because of…” she trailed off looking at her dad for help.

“Because of the car accident.” He finished for her. Karin quickly agreed and sighed in relief when Yuzu’s face softened.

“Oh, sorry.” Yuzu finally said. “Guess it was just an accident then.” she said setting Kon down on the opposite bed who quickly scowled back at Karen. Karin turned her face away and pretended to be listening to Yuzu while she extended her good arm and flipped the stuffed lion off.

“Well, I just came to check on you and see how you were feeling.” Isshin said checking the readings from the monitors that Karin was hooked up to and writing it down on her chart. “I’ll come back later with something for the pain after I check in the other patient. I’m sure you have some business you’d like to take care of first.” He said before walking out and pulling the curtain around the two girls. Karin looked to Yuzu and blushed as she noticed she had a diaper in her hands along with other changing supplies that made Karin aware of her current need.

“Do you think I could-” Karin mumbled into her blanket.

“Don’t even ask.” Yuzu said cutting her off. “You’re not getting up.” Karin sighed, Yuzu was right after all. She herself had refused to let others up for much less injuries than she had; why would she expect any different treatment? Karin never understood how people had such a hard time with this. All they had to do was pee after all, but as Karin tried, and failed to relax the muscle keeping everything in she realized it was easier said than done. Karin felt Yuzu staring at her as she blushed. Normally Karin couldn’t care less if Yuzu saw her naked, they shared a room together all their life after all, not to mention they were twins.

Fraternal twins, but close enough. She had noticed last night this was different. She didn’t like her sister seeing her in such a compromising situation. There was just something about someone else wiping her butt that just didn’t sit right with her. Karin hated people taking care of her, or at least she thought she did as she blushed thinking about her dream the previous night. Was it a dream? It had felt so real and Karin had to admit, the close contact with that woman, whatever her name was, had been just what she needed. At least no one else had to know that happened.

“Ready?” Yuzu asked lifting up the blanket as Karin forced it back down with a blush as she looked away. “I can always come back later.” Yuzu said with a sympathetic smile.

“Thank you.” Karin mumbled as Yuzu slipped out of the curtain. She wasn’t sure what was more embarrassing. Wetting a diaper in front of her sister or not being able to wet a diaper in front of her sister after being a bitch to other patients having trouble with the same thing. Karin guessed this was Karma biting her in the ass.

“Think you’ll be a little more compassionate later?” The voice said in her head.

“It’s definitely not as easy as I thought it would be.” Karin whispered feeling more relaxed knowing the mystery woman was with her...sort of. “Why do I feel better and not mortified that you're talking to me while I’m trying to pee?” The woman chuckled.

“Do I put you at ease, child?”

“Oddly enough.” Karin admitted as she found the woman’s voice and presence soothing her anxiety even in a situation as personal as this.

“I don’t know, last night I helped and you weren’t very grateful.” The woman teased. Karen thought back and realized she really had done her a favor. “Well I guess since you now understand, i’ll help you out again.” Karin smiled but wondered what was going to happen. Was she going to take away her control? The woman laughed again. “No, nothing like that. Just close your eyes and listen to my voice. Think about last night. Imagine you are in my arms once again and I am rocking you as you drift to sleep.”

The woman said as Karin listened as she imagined herself back in the forest and at total peace. She could feel the urge to pee coming as she tried not to fight it. “That’s it, just relax and let everything out.” The woman encouraged as Karin was finally able to start. She put her hand on the outside of the diaper as she felt it grow warm and start expanding until finally she was completely empty. She closed her eyes again and sighed in relief. The pressure was painful against her bruised pelvis and she wondered if that was why she was having trouble going.

“Thank you.” Karin quietly said as she waited for Yuzu to come back. She waited and waited until the wet diaper cooled and became irritable. “Hello?” she finally called out as the mere thought of spending one more minute in that cold diaper was torture.

“Whatcha need?” Isshin called out from the other side of the curtain.

“Where’s Yuzu?” Karin asked.

“She went to school already. Can I come in?” He said popping his head in before she had a chance to respond. “Was there something you needed?” She was about to just say no but she remembered her mission for the day.

“I need a …” Karin mumbled into her blanket.

“What was that?” her dad asked coming closer.

Karin swallowed and a took a deep breath. “A change.” she admitted still looking down.

“A change of wha- oh.” He said as he noticed the supplies left by Yuzu and Karins red face.. “She didn’t take care of this before she left?” he asked annoyed as he ran his hand through his hair.

“She tried to but I couldn’t” Karin began pausing to swallow the lump that was forming in her throat. “I wouldn’t have if I had known she had left. I would have just held it.”

“No, Karin. I’m not going to ask that of you. Even a half full bladder is going to cause you pain right now. If you let your bladder fill too much right now, you’ll only irritate your swollen pelvis and you might have trouble going like you experienced. I should have mentioned something.” Isshin explained. “You shouldn’t have problems if you go at least once an hour, but if you wait any longer than that you could cause yourself unnecessary discomfort.”

“Well, speaking of unnecessary discomfort.” Karin grimaced. Isshin lifted the sheets up Karins legs as Karin protested.

“Don’t worry, I won’t take it off. I’m just going to take a look.” He said feeling the diaper by poking it with his hand. “You’re not in any danger of leaking, don’t worry. You can probably use it a few more times even.” Karin looked horrified by this news. How long was she going to have to sit in this disgusting thing? “We’ll figure something out don’t worry.” Isshin said before he left and later returned with a glass of water and pain pills for her to take. “Try and get some rest.” he said before pulling the curtain closed and leaving her there to wallow in her own bodily fluids.

It grossed her out tremendously, but Karin followed her dad’s advice about going at least once an hour to avoid any pain. By the third wetting she was positive of two things: Firstly the diaper could hold no more and secondly; she was positive she had a rash. Her face felt like it had a permanent look of disgust and discomfort from her raw and itchy bottom. To pass the time she listened to the going ons of the clinic. One sprained ankle during a morning jog, one sinus infection, two pre-employment drug screens, a sports physical, and Karin didn’t even want to know the location of the rash her father was checking out for his last patient. The boredom and pain finally took their toll as she drifted in and out of sleep until a familiar voice caused her to open her eyes.

“Yeah, I’m back in town on a recon trip. There’s been some reports of strange hollow activity again in the neighborhood. Since Ichigo can no longer take care of it and the Quincy’s methods are too brutal, they want me to look into it for a little while. I just came by to say hi.” The girl said.

“Well, it’s nice to see you again. Where are you staying?” Isshin asked.

“I’ll be staying with Orihime this time. I think it’s better if I don’t let Ichigo know I’m in town.” The girl explained. “Although I really am going to miss Yuzu’s cooking. Orihime’s recipes are a little…inedible.” she admitted after a pause. Karin quickly realized she wasn’t the only one who recognized who the voice belonged to as Kon quickly sprung to his stuffed feet from his lying position on the bed.

“Could it really be!” Kon exclaimed as they heard a deep sigh come from the girl.

“What are you doing in here, Kon?” The girl said annoyed as she popped her head in to scold the mod soul. “Oh, I’m sorry! I didn’t know anyone was in he- Karin!”

“Hello, Rukia. It’s been awhile.” Karin said sheepishly smiling at the short raven haired girl.

“What happened to you?” She asked as she pulled back the curtain to get a better look at her. There were bandages all over her and even her neck was in a brace.

“Hmm, I think the rumor is I was playing in the street and got hit by a car.” Karin said as she watched Rukia roll her eyes at her.

“How could you be so irresponsible?’ Rukia scolded.

“Actually, that’s just what we are telling people like Yuzu who aren’t in the loop with everything.” Isshin explained. “Karin’s been leaking spiritual pressure worse than Ichigo. It was only a matter of time before a hollow came. For whatever reason Orihime’s powers seem to have no affect so once she feels better we will be working with her on the possibility of her taking over for Ichigo as a substitute soul reaper.”

“Don’t look at me, I’m not giving any more of my powers to your kids.” Rukia said crossing her arms.

“She has enough of her own thanks, don’t worry.” Isshin said remembering the jolt he got the previous night.

“Oh, yeah so while I was out I met my zanpakuto.” Karin stated as if she had just mentioned what she had for lunch. “She’s a Kitsune.”

“What?” Rukia said ogling at her. “That’s not possible, is it?”

Isshin shrugged. “I wouldn’t be surprised. She had mentioned something about a fox last night and she’s been exhibiting strange electrical phenomenon. It could be possible she’s managed to tap into her soul reaper powers unassisted. It would explain the problems she’s been having.”

“But she’s not even a soul reaper. How is this possible?”

“Soul reapers are found and trained after death, but my kids are a little different. They were born already having those powers inside of them. Ichigo needed to nearly die before obtaining his. Karin on the other hand has shown much earlier development. Karin, do you know your zanpakuto’s name?”

“No, she says i’m not ready for it until certain circumstances are met.”

“Amazing.” Rukia said studying Karin. “I’m headed over to Orihime’s apartment now; it was nice seeing you all again. Good luck with everything.” She said waving to Karin.

“Now’s your chance, little one.” the Kitsune said. “Show me you are not afraid.” Karin moaned internally. She had been waiting for some soccer mom to come into the clinic with 5 kids where she would remain anonymous, not an old friend. The thought of being in this soaked diaper any longer on the other hand was equally unbearable. She saw Rukia head for the door as a wave of panic and desperation overcame her and before she could stop herself she yelled out to her to wait.

“Could you, umm, help me with something, please.” Karin quietly asked as her eyes fell to the floor. Rukia had never seen Karin look so flustered before. Wait, was she blushing? Rukia had never seen Karin show much more emotion than contempt and annoyance. She had even said please. Rukia came closer as her curiosity had gotten the better of her.

“What is it?” Rukia asked a little softer than she normally would once she saw the look of desperation and humiliation on the younger girls face. The lump in Karin’s throat prevented her from coming right out and asking so instead she pointed to the changing supplies still sitting on the edge of her bed. Before Rukia could protest, Isshin had handed her a pair of gloves, thanked her by nearly crushing her in a bear hug and closed the curtain around them. What had she just gotten herself into? She was about to say “no way!” but the look on Karin’s face broke her heart. She slipped on the gloves and sighed. Here the Vice Captain of the 11th Division and member of the Kuchiki clan was about to change a human girls diaper. This had better not make its way back to her brother.

*010*2015-05-04 19:50

Oh ok yeah you're right. It's her brother that's in 11 I think
