Indra vs Kira

Author: holditin

*000*2014-09-29 20:07

Day 5

I awoke with a jolt at 7 am the next morning. Immediately I had to reach down and clutch my crotch for all I was worth. My bladder was like a boulder in my abdomen, round, hard, and aching. I knew at once that I wouldn’t be able to fall back asleep. I also knew that making it through the night dry had been a close thing. My piss holder was nearly ripping apart at the seams, and it was taking me some time to get used to this massive increase in pressure. It was easily the worst I’d had to go on this entire trip, which made sense, as I hadn’t been to a toilet for 34 hours now. I turned over, hands still on my vagina, and saw that Kira was awake as well. And just like the previous night, her legs were still restless, moving up and down, back and forth, with pretty good speed. It was clear she was desperate to relieve herself, just like I was.

“Congrats,” I croaked in a whisper. Our parents were also waking, and I didn’t want them to catch wind of our conversation. Kira rolled over, face grimacing in exhaustion and agony, and replied sleepily, “For what, you sadist?” I managed a small grin. “I didn’t think you’d last the night, Kira.” For a moment all signs of sleepiness left her visage, replaced by pure rage. “Oh, you! I’ll never be outheld by you! Now go and take a piss! I’m positively bursting! I barely got any sleep thanks to this awful balloon in my gut. Do you know you long it’s been since either of us peed?? Give this up!” I shushed her, trying to make sure our parents didn’t hear anything, before telling her, “I’m not giving up yet.” With that, I sat up (slowly, mind you. My bladder was nearly the size of a watermelon!) and began getting my stuff together for the trip to the airport. Kira could only glare from the bed.

The four of us prepared our things to leave. Kira and I could hardly keep still as we packed, pee dancing with increasing franticness as the urge to pee threatened to overwhelm us. Our bladders were rock-solid, adding untold inches to our waistlines. Once, around 7:45, Kira had whispered desperately to me, “No bladder, however big, is meant to contain this much piss! Go and let it out!” At the thought of release, my bladder cramped urgently, and I had to stop and nearly drop to my knees to fight the spasm down, but still I refused to quit. Kira moaned at me and shoved a hand in her crotch briefly.

Our parents had noticed our desperation, but it wasn’t until 8 am, when we were ready to leave, that my mother truly realized how badly we had to go. Both mother and father had just returned from the bathroom, and as our mother looked us up and down she realized that, not only were we pee dancing on the spot, but our tight t-shirts and sweatpants were doing nothing to hide the insane bulges we were sporting. Our 35 hours worth of pee had swelled our abdomens out to ridiculous degrees. “Girls! What are you doing?? You’re both clearly masters of controlling yourselves, but for goodness sake you can’t expect to go out like that! Not all the way to the airport!” She turned to me, “Indra, dear Indra, please, I have kept my mouth shut for all this time, but please, go and make yourself comfortable again.”

She pointed towards the open bathroom door, but I held my ground and my urine. After ten seconds our mother went to Kira, “Kira! How about you? You’ve always been strong, but show some sense!” But my sister’s face was a mask of determination, even moreso than mine. “If Indra doesn’t need it, then I am certainly comfortable enough to get to the airport.” She replied icily. My mother looked to our father in a last ditch effort, but he could only shrug and say, “If they say they’re fine, then let’s go. What are we waiting for?” And so, with half our number in an extreme state of desperation, we all made our way out of the hotel and hailed a cab. It was only I that noticed Kira’s last, longing glance at our hotel room’s toilet before the door swung shut.

The ride to the airport was quiet. Kira and I were much too focused on keeping our pee from busting out of ourselves to make small talk, and I think my mother way in a state of shock over the whole thing. By 8:30 we were at the airport. Thank goodness there was no line to check in for our flight, because if Kira and I had had to stand still for a prolonged period of time, that might have been the end of things. As it was, we were able to move around the desk area, squirming, fidgeting, and trying our hardest to pass off our intense desperation as excitement for our flights to the airport employees surrounding us.

After checking our luggage and beginning the walk to our gate, I saw Kira’s eyes looking everywhere for a restroom sign. She even had to hold herself while walking now. I knew she was close. Heck, I was close myself, as a quick series of bladder spasms reminded me. I stopped for a moment, legs turned inward, hands on my thighs, squeezing with everything I had. I had shut my eyes to concentrate better, and when I opened them, I saw both my parents were staring at me. Kira was not. She was too close to having her own urinary disaster, and was concentrating on nothing but remaining dry a little longer. I waved my hands to my parents as if to say, “Ah well, it happens,” and we continued on. Going through airport security may have been the hardest thing we’d had to do yet, but with unmatched resolve and willpower, Kira and I both managed to put our hands to our sides and walk normally past the airport security guards.

Our desperation was reaching new and unforeseen levels, levels I didn’t even know could be reached by a girl’s bladder. When we got to my family’s gate, my bladder was in a constant state of spasm. I clenched with everything I had, using nearly all the sphincter strength I had left, and managed somehow to calm my pee urgency down to the point where I could function, if not well. Kira, on the other hand, was at the end of her rope. Pacing, nearly marching on the spot, she enthusiastically waved her arms in the direction of a women’s restroom sign. “Indra! Look! A bathroom! Go there! Please, please, go there!” My sister’s control was mighty, prodigious even, but it seemed her ponderous load of pee was finally getting to her. I gave my phone a quick check and saw that it was now nearly 10 am.

It had been nearly 37 hours since either of us had let a single drop out of our stretched, tortured bladders. Smiling wide, I shook my head at my poor, desperate sister, relishing the fact that I was still in control while she was finally losing hers. It was the first time I had ever had the upper hand in this matter, and I was savoring it. “Kira, you should go,” I told her with an air of superiority, “Your belly looks ridiculous. You’re gonna pee yourself.” Kira’s eyes were fearful and she nearly shouted back at me, in total denial, “No, no, no, I’m the bladder queen of the family! I never have to go before you! I can wait as long as you can! If you haven’t gone yet, I won’t!” She said these words even as her bladder bulged ominously, as her sphincter tired itself out, as she slowly but surely came to grips with the fact that her enormous bladder was in a fight it couldn’t win.

“Now boarding, Gate 72A!” The announcement came over the loudspeaker of the gate, our gate. As the clock struck 10 am, it was time for my mother, father, and Kira to go back to India. My flight left at 10:30 am, giving me just enough time to see them off and rush to my own gate. My parents were shooting looks of horror back and forth as they regarded their pee dancing daughters. The time when we were in firm control of ourselves seemed a distant memory. Now we could be mistaken for school girls with teacup-sized bladders…unless someone actually looked at our amazing bladder protrusions.

Neither of us would have fit in anything but the stretchy sweatpants we were wearing. I hugged my mother goodbye gingerly, then the same with my father, being careful not to bump my round bulge against them. One wrong move and it could be all over. Kira was last, and I could tell it was taking every last ounce of energy and willpower she had to stay in place and hug me. I pulled her close, then whispered in her ear, “I’m not going to pee. I’m going to board my plane to Houston without going. The only way to outlast me is to get onto that plane, sit in the seat, strap that seatbelt over your bladder, and keep holding all the way back to India.”

With a desperate shout, Kira pushed me away. One hand was clutching her crotch in a death grip, the other was holding her face. I saw that she was near tears, hair flying all over her face, panic in her eyes. Her legs were scissoring back and forth at a rapid rate even as she stood, but it was no good. Her final sphincter clenches were not enough. After all this, I had come to learn what it took to defeat Kira’s monstrous bladder: 38 hours, half a lake of drinks, and the prospect of holding on for hours and hours to come. It was too much for her, and Kira’s iron bladder began to rebel before my very eyes. Her strong, perfectly-trained dam of a sphincter started cracking, as I saw first one rivulet of wetness snake down her sweatpants, then another, then another, before she cut it off, breathing deeply.

“I can hold it….I won’t lose…I can hold it…I…I…It’s coming out!” Kira’s bladder suddenly exploded, gushing piss everywhere. The floor was drenched and her sweatpants were waterlogged in seconds. With a shout of despair, Kira began half-running half-hobbling to the women’s restroom she had so astutely pointed out to me minutes before. The battle was over. I had won. I grinned, reveling in my victory, my bladder pain momentarily forgotten. My mother looked me in the face, saying, “Ok, Indra. You did it. You can go now.” But I looked back with a sparkle in my eyes and replied, “Oh mother, I don’t have to go. I’m a grown woman after all. I can hold it.” With that, I turned on my heel and headed for my gate. As I walked away, I knew that, despite everything she had said, my mother had never been prouder of me.

Epilogue

I strode onto my plane and took my seat next to an attractive guy who seemed about my age. For the first half hour of the two hour flight we made very little conversation. The adrenaline had worn off from my victory over my former bladder queen of a sister, and the intensity of my urge to pee seemed to be tripling. I was hell bent on lasting the flight, however, and ended up squirming in my seat to stay in command of my load of piss. The boy, Ryan was his name, glanced over at me as I wriggled.

“Do you have to go too? I can get up if you’d like,” he offered. I smiled wanly, “No thank you. I’m actually quite capable of waiting, thank you very mu….did you say you had to go too? Why not go? You have the outside seat. The lavatory is open. I can see the sign.” He gave me a slight laugh and his cheeks reddened, but after a half minute of silence he lifted his shirt, showing me what was obviously a stretched and aching bladder, and replied, “What the hell, I’m never gonna see you again after this, so if you must know I’m testing myself. I haven’t gone in a very long time. It’s actually been 24 hours. I don’t want to go until I can’t wait anymore.” My jaw nearly dropped off of my face, and I had to jam both fists into my crotch to stave off my hardest bladder spasm yet. Finally I managed to tell him, “I haven’t gone in almost 40.” It was his turn to stare at me in amazement, and his gaze instantly turned downwards to my incredible bulging bladder. “That’s amazing…” he breathed.

We spent the remainder of the flight aiding each other in coping with our piss struggles. I had originally planned on peeing at the airport bathroom in Houston, but found resolve I didn’t know was possible to have now that I had a partner in pee holding. As we got our luggage I could tell Ryan was on the verge of losing control, even moreso than I was. But I wanted to prevent him from darting off to the airport bathrooms, as I saw his eyes flick that way more than once.

So I invited him to my place. He was unsure, clearly going out of his mind with desperation, but then I took his hand, placed it ever so gently on my rock-hard bladder, and told him, “You can watch me pee.” Without another word we collected our bags, hailed a taxi, and desperately shuffled into my apartment at 1 pm. I was sure we were going to explode the minute we were in the door, but instead I found myself overcome with horniness at the thought of our predicament and instantly wrapped him up in my arms and started forcefully making out with him, even as our aching bladders tried to forcefully spew out our loads of pent up pee.

We resisted the call of nature for another hour, hands roaming each others’ bodies but staying mostly on the other’s massive bladder. We moaned, crossed our legs, danced while holding each other, squatted down low, and did everything we could think of to last. I even tortured myself further by downing a glass of water while he looked on in amazement.

But finally we were well and truly at our limits. The pee had to come out, and after 41 hours of pristine control my sphincter finally couldn’t clench hard enough to keep the oncoming spurts back. In total desperation I rushed to the bathroom and grabbed the measuring jug I used for just such occasions, convinced that this had to be some sort of holding record for myself. When I returned to the living room, Ryan had his hand clenched over his bare penis. “If I let go it’ll all come out!” he cried desperately, so I did what any good, true lady would in this situation. I let him go first. With the last of my power I clutched myself and held on as he pissed long and loud into the giant jug.

After 3 minutes his pee ended with 2200 ml in the jug. I was very impressed, because that was not a total I was used to beating often. But today I felt as if an entire lake was residing in my enormous, hurting bladder, and after dumping his load out in the toilet, I squatted over the bowl, ripped down my sweatpants, and finally let loose. The pleasure of this piss was out of this world, and I nearly lost myself in it as the pee poured out of me. I was like a tap turned on full, and it felt as though I would never stop.

Ryan’s eyes were bugging out of his head as he gaped at my naked pussy unleashing a river into the filling jug. This pee took over 5 minutes of forceful peeing to finish, but when it did I proudly lifted the jug and showed him that 2700 ml was residing in it. It was a total I was sure my sister Kira, even with her amazing bladder capacity, had never bested, and I knew that I was now the true Bladder Queen in the family. And from the look I detected in Ryan’s eyes as I breathed in relief, this Bladder Queen wasn’t going to get much sleep tonight.
