A Young Prince's Selfish Desire

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2011-06-01 02:54

Warning: Dressing older girls (women) by a the command and word of a 12 year old boy who is to be a lord one day. 16 year old girl and 28 year old lady are tortured by the boy. They must do everything he says... and that leads to some humiliating situations for them. Peeing may follow soon, but for now, no pee as of the 5th? post. I know it's a little strange for a story, but if you bear with me, some of you out there might like this twist on (Loli? is it).

The Chronicals of Ach’knach (awk nawk)

By ishigreen

The twelve year old boy looked up at his mother his eyes moist with humiliation and sorry. She was a haughty woman of influence within Ach’knack, and was very proud of her heritage. Nine houses were powerful movers among the council, and her house was one of them.

“It’s okay, Charlie,” she said assuring him that his shame would not be long lived nor far spread.

To a guard at her side, she yelled. “Get me that tramp that did this to my son.”

The boy sat by his mother, his tears unable to stop. He was the oldest of his three siblings, and he had been tested in one of the many areas as a potential lord of the council. The test, however had been humiliating, and he felt like a failure.

Moments later, a woman in her late twenties was brought before the leaders of this house. Among the leaders were the haughty and prideful mother who sat next to her twelve year old son, the grandfather on the mother’s side, and the grandfather on the father's side, and a great uncle. The boy’s father was not present.

“Do you know what you have done, tramp?” the mother sounded very quiet and reserved, but her eyes held hatred in them.

“Done?” the woman looked up at the lady of the council with confusion and fear.

“You have dishonored my son.”

“But I have done noth…” and she remembered him. He was the boy that had been at her fifteen year old daugter’s right of passage. He had been the one to dishonor her daughter at what he had said. He looked up at the lady, still clearly fearful of speaking this.

“Where is your daughter?”

“She is taking her test for higher education,” the woman said in tears.

“You told my son that he dishonored her. Now, you have the chance to tell him that you repent of your mistake. Then, you and your daughter will be hour guests for the weekend while your daughter makes it up to him.”

“But, if she does that, she’ll miss her chance to go to the Council training.”

“My son requires retribution. If she does not come this weekend, she will not get in anyway. I will speak with the council about her trampy home and her manners.”

“No. Please. Anything but that.”

“Then go and bring back your daughter. Let her miss the training for one year, and next year, if she pleases my son, I will make sure she gets in.”

“Yes, my lady.”

The woman left and the mother turned to the son. “We will have retribution today, but I must know son, if you said anything inappropriate to her, or did anything at all that might have caused this unfortunate situation.”

“Mother, I just told her that she was the most beautiful girl in the world, and that … um… I would like to see her do something. I didn’t tell her to do it. I just mentioned it.”

“What did you want her to do?”

The boy looked down not sure he should answer her.

“Charlie, I cannot help you if I do not know what you want. If you are to lead the house one day, you cannot be scared of or ashamed of your requests.”

“I wanted her to spend a night with me… and to… not do anything without my permission.”

“Don’t lie, did you want to touch her?”

He nodded. “But that’s not what she got mad about.”

“So she was interested?”

He nodded. “She said she would even spend the night with me, until I told her that she wouldn’t be allowed to do anything I didn’t want.”

“What did you want to deny from her?” the woman asked the slender brown hair green eyed boy.

“Well… I was thinking about seeing how long she can go without going to the bathroom,” he blushed his eyes looking down.

“Did she know that you wanted that?”

“No. She got upset the moment I just said she wouldn’t be allowed to do anything without asking first.”

“You are going to be a great leader someday,” his mother whispered in his ear. Never worry about what kind of orders you give, or people will not listen to you. I will make sure that both the woman and her daughter do whatever you ask of them this weekend.”

“The mother too?”

The lady smiled and he smiled back.

*003*2011-06-01 10:43

Later at school, Lisa was called to the office in the middle of her test.

"Yes, Madam Professor," Lisa addressed the head council member in charge of the school.

"Do you know who Charley Agnok is?"

She shook her head.

"His family is the ninth house of the order of the council."

"I'm sorry, but I still don't see how that..." the blond blue eye girl started.

"You had him over for tea the other day."

"Oh, that little boy?" she brought her hands to her face in horror.

"He is not such a little boy. He was being tested, and you discouraged him."

"Tested?"

"Yes. Now, you will continue with the test with him, or your family will be challenged by the court of the council."

"I... um... Yes high professor."

"Your test is finished for this year."

"You mean... I... I can't continue school this year?"

"You may try the tests for next year."

Lisa looked down at the floor.

[A few hours later]

Lisa and her mother were take from their home by some guards of the council. The father was given a note that they would be returned after the weekend to pay for slight on the honor of the ninth house of Council, the Agnok house. It was a serious crime that they were accused of, and the father would well be in his rights to disown his beloved wife and daughter for such a crime, but Lisa was sure he would not.

The guards were dressed in red armor and carried only small daggers. The women did not resist, and they were loaded into a red transport truck that had a soft red cover over the back of the army-like vehicle. Inside the back, four guards rode with the two ladies, and in front, two soldiers sat, one obviously driving.

As the truck pulled out away from their house, curious neighbors gave suspicious glances or stared in horror. No one had known anyone in their community to have ever been taken by the Red Scorpion Force before. Several people whispered, and pointed. They were nervous until the truck disappeared out of their neighborhood.

The truck pulled up next to another transport that had the Purple coat of arms of the ninth house. The prisoners were escorted from the army-like truck to a more comfortable luxurious vehicle with soft velvet seats in the interior. Two of the red scorpion sat in the royal carriage with the two scared ladies. Then it continued on a journey that neither woman knew the destination of.

Several hours later, the two women were escorted from the car, from where they were comfortably seated and offered food and drink of choice, which were not so much offered as forced upon them.

Lisa actually found it a nice change from her family's usual normal diet. She had never tasted things with such flavors. The drinks were fun and somehow, made her very giddy. Her mother was almost as crazy, and it suddenly became very easy to talk to her about anything.

Now, they approached a hide away cabin that didn't have much around.

Lisa and mother were directed into the cabin by two guards that stayed. The two guards were Michelle and Lacy, in their early twenties and very loyal to the ninth house of Agnok. They closed the door behind Lisa and her mother and waited outside.

Inside, Charley waited at a wooden table. He looked at Lisa and her mother as they came in with a smile. He rubbed his hands as he looked at them. His mother was not there. It was, after all, a test for him. He was supposed to show that he could control one person, but because the mother had almost caused him to fail this test, and because he had almost allowed her to fail him, he now had to control two instead of one, and it was no accident that they were older than he.

"Please sit down at the table," Charley invited them.

Lisa looked at her mother and her mother looked back at Lisa, concern on their faces. The mother, Her black flowing hair soft and shiny, her eyes green and bright, proceeded forward to sit first. She was in a modest dress with hose and black high heels as all refined ladies wore, though it was for appearances only. She was only a servant of the ninth house, and she knew it.

Lisa's green eyes stared down at the floor, her hands folded and placed down the front of her dress, pressing the cloth in near her crotch, but casually. Her dark brown hair and light freckles were considered something of a disgrace among their people, but Charley didn't care about that. He had always liked the brown hair personally and didn't understand why it was such a disgrace for a woman to have it.

"What is your name?" Charley asked Lisa's mother.

"Um... Sarah," she responded her face blushing because young boys, even those of the council members were not supposed to address their elders by name. It somehow, made her feel, more like a child that he knew her name.

"Do you two know why you are here?" he asked them his smile twisting into an evil joyful gleam.

"Because..." Lisa looked guilty at her mother. "I told you to go to ... well, because I didn't like where your mind was going?" she asked.

Charley nodded. "My mother says there was nothing wrong with what I wanted to do, and to prove it, your mother will have to obey the same rules. Your mother is no longer considered an adult until the weekend is over."

Sarah nodded. She knew it was something like this the moment he had asked her her name.

Lisa, however was shocked. However, she only gasped and refrained from saying anything that would get her family further dishonored.

"Now, as I was saying at your party the other day, Lisa, you will now have to ask permission or wait for me to allow you to do certain things you want. No matter what you want to do, you have to ask me. You no longer have any rights. Your mother, will of course, be in the same situation. You will also obey me without fail. If, for example, I don't like those dresses, you will change them."

"We... um... I didn't bring many clothes with us," Sarah spoke softly.

"It's okay," Charley looked at her with tender eyes as though he saw another child and not a woman. "I have had styles and colors that I like brought here for you in your sizes."

Lisa looked at her mother. She was feeling more and more nervous by Charley's plan, and she knew that there was nothing they could do to get away.

*006*2011-06-02 05:05

{{:

I really like the unique setting of the story, and I kind of like the plot as well.

Although I kind of wish that Lisa was the only one being "controlled" but I still like where it is going.

On an interesting note, I just noticed that the mother technically had Lisa when she was around 13-14, because she's in her late 20s and her daughter's 15, just had to point that out.

}}

You are very quick. However, remember that this is a different place than Earth, and things might not be what they appear on the surface.

Thank you everyone for your input. I am trying to put some thought into how to do this so it's not just slapped together, so forgive me if the posts are not coming as fast you'd like.

I may also write a prologue so you can understand a bit more about the kingdom later.

*007*2011-06-02 22:57

Some Culture of Kingdoms of Ach'knach

The kingdom of Ach’knack was ruled by nine overlords who fought over the land and resources with valor and savagery that the world had never known. Then, ten years ago, the generation of the greatest warlords, an agreement was reached.

Each overlord established a house within the upper council, who were the law enforcers as well as the law head. Nine were chosen, so that there would never be a tie in votes and so each overlord would only have one vote in the upper house.

The overlord council then created a lower house, where all the minor lords and two representatives of the greater overlords would work together to advise the overlord council in what the people wanted, and then they would rule not only with strength but also with the wisdom of the people.

Within the ten years, the Nine Houses of Ach’knache have found that experience and temperament training made the caretakers of the future and also the best teachers. Therefore, not five years before, they enacted the family pact laws where children would be protected from abusive parents at younger ages, and tempered at older ages by the system of a “chosen” family.

A person goes through three phases of childhood with a test that accompanies each end. In this way, children grow to become close not only to a brother and sister and one parent, but to a community of people within their peer group.

In the first stages of a child’s life, they live at home with the mother that birthed them. Until the age of eight, they are considered young children. At the age of 8, 9, and 10, they may take the test once every six months until they pass into the age of student. If they have not passed by the age of 11, they automatically become a student of the ninth order.

As a student of the ninth order, they are immediately assigned to a secondary mother who is but twenty years old. This woman normally makes the choice of a boy or girl with her husband’s approval, but as most men are too busy running the family’s business affairs, he often allows the woman to choose either with his blessing. A family is only ever allow two students, and while they are housing student-children, they may not conceive their own children. The way the law works and the condition of this training, it is unheard of for anyone to birth their own very young until the age of 35.

Children then are students progressing from the ninth order to the eighth, and so up to the first. However, they do not pass automatically, and those students who not reach the second order by the time they are sixteen years old, will often take the adult competency test, and if they pass, they will be treated as though they are young adults. Those that made the second order at sixteen, will be allowed to continue school until they are 18 or they pass the first order, which will open their adult career far wider than those that do not complete the first order.

Students who are then graduated by completing the competency test will become adults who can take responsibility. They until the age of twenty to pass this test, at which time, if they find they cannot, then they will not be given any positions of responsibility to include, they will be denied children period.

Those adults that are competent, will receive their first “student-child” at the age of 20, and it will be their job to raise the child to be successful. If they are found to fail with both children they are entrusted with, they will not be given a permit to have their own children.

Children births are not allowed until the couple raise two student-children, and this law is enforced by implanting a small device in the girl’s body that makes a medicine that both kills all her eggs until it is removed, and prevents her from experiencing her monthly cycles. This is believed to make things much more comfortable for younger girls so that they can better think about what they are doing.

The biochemical is removed from her system after she raises two student-children and she passes a parental competency test. One of the steps of this test, does include a visit to the doctor to check that she is healthy enough to bear children.

This law is for all common houses beneath the great lord houses.

The Great lord houses have their own laws and procedures for which they agree to abide by.

A Great lord’s birthed children will be raised in the Great house because no peasant would know how to deal with such people that would be leaders. In some cases, certain Generals and very respected community members may petition for such special conditions because they would be viewed as best training their own children to adulthood to become great, if they themselves had been able to become so great. This power is very sparingly given, however, and only a very notable member of society would share the privilege of a lord’s house.

In a lord’s house, or a valued member of society, the child would be considered a very young until the age of ten. At the age of 11 or 12, they would be tested in a different way, to make sure they would make good leaders of the community. Once it is determined that they are ready for leadership training, they would enter a special academy, where they would further their skills as community or lord leaders until they reach 20 years.

After the age of 20, they would not be given a child right away, but they would be given a leadership role over a group of their peers for five years. Once they demonstrate their power of command, they would then be allowed to choose any one of the age 20 graduating to mate with, and they would be given their first child.

Marriage is very ceremonious, but it is always set in the first year a girl turns 20. A boy may, by choice wait until he is as old as 27, but he may also, during that time, sample among those of 16 to 20 to become better at fathering a mate and child. He is forbidden to continue after the age of 27 in this practice. After that, he must either marry, or do without any form of sex. He must always marry a 20 year old, regardless of his age that he decides to marry. Those women that are widowed after the age of 20, and have been faithful and good to their husbands are given special status and may even lead their own houses. Those that not good wives until the death of a husband, will be put to death within the same year her husband dies. Women that have earned this special status my “play the field” with the younger 16 to 20 year old boys, and may even remarry a 20 year old boy.

A 20 year old, rarely ever has the choice of who he or she marries. If an older male wants a 20 year old woman, she usually must accept unless her family has enough resources to appease the offended denial. A 20 year old male must accept for one year, the marriage proposal of a woman given special status, but if either finds the other unsuitable, he may leave her and the status of the marriage will not be officially recorded saving him the grace of choosing another later. Indeed, the older women often like the practice of marrying a 20 year old male for 2 years at a time, releasing him, and then getting another because a 20 year old has more energy and is stronger to take care of her until her demise.

Males that take their first wives who are of 20 year old group, are not permitted to divorce nor leave until either she has committed an offense against his house that he can prove, has been slain, or has been claimed by another and he agrees to it. The occurrence of a man claiming another’s wife, is extremely rare and is considered near dishonorable, and so is not invoked often.

I don't know why these combined. I had not put these two together at the start because the top of this post is a bit of the culture of Kingdom for those that asked about how it was that someone who is 28 would end up with a 16 year old child...

The bottom of this post, originally a different post: Is the continuation of the story started above. I do not think it should be combined, but as I am stuck with the rules of those that want to splice these together, all I can do is add these lines to show you they are not meant to be read together in this order.

Charley's Game

"Now," Tommy rubbed his chin. "Mother and daughter, and I'm younger than both. Lisa, you choose. Do I get to see your panties all the time or your mothers?"

"You can," started Sarah. Tears were in her eyes as she whispered.

"I didn't ask you," Charley interrupted her. "Lisa is older than me, so it's up to her. Either I get to have her wear something that lets me stare at her panties all day, or I get to look up your legs. It's up to Lisa."

Lisa gulped.

"Don't you want to choose?" Charley asked her.

She shook her head.

"Well, if you don't choose, how about I just make you both go without even panties?"

"No," she whispered.

"Then whose panties do I get to watch all night?"

"Mine," she sighed.

"Lisa, no," her mother started.

"It's Lisa's choice," Charley said. "Besides, do you want me to tell your husband that you were willing to show me your panties or your vagina all night?" Charley asked her.

Sarah shrugged, but Charley didn't look at her long enough to notice the sarcasm.

"Lisa, tell your mom to take off her dress and put on this floral blouse and these faded jeans."

Lisa looked at Charley like he was crazy. She had never told her mother to do anything in her life, except to go to the infernal, and that was only when she was angry and didn't mean it.

"Lisa, I won't ask again. Tell her, or..."

"Mom, put on," she was interrupted.

"Call her Sarah."

Tears in her eyes, Lisa said what Charley wanted her to say. "Sarah, take off that dress and put on these clothes."

Sarah looked at her daughter with pity. She knew how it hurt because it was humiliating her to be told by her daughter to dress in front of a twelve year old boy, but she had no choice. If she went against Charley in anyway, the powerful house would not only do something worse, probably to her daughter, but it would destroy her daughter's life.

Sarah started to reach behind her back to unzip the zipper at the base of her neck.

"Help her," Charley commanded of Lisa.

Lisa strolled over aimlessly taking as much time as she dared to reach her mother. "Let me unzip that," she whispered.

Lisa pulled the zipper down so that the material of the young woman's back peeled away from her back. only a strap of a bra covered her silky smooth skin, and her back was without blemish. The zipper went down to the middle of her ass, so that Charley could glimpse her pink heart panties.

Lisa pulled the sleeves of her mother's dress down her mother's shapely feminine arms revealing her mother's pink heart bra that hid the true shape of her boobs. The dress fell to the floor at Sarah's feet. Her panties were covered in hearts around the back and sides, but the front had a solid pink cloth that covered where her vagina sat. Charley watched the view hungrily as Lisa fumbled with the blouse trying to get it straight and on her mother right so it would cover her bra.

Charley approached the girls, and Lisa looked at him wondering what he was going to do.

"Don't mind me. Get her blouse on so I won't see her titties." He blushed as he said these words, his ears turning red, but instead of becoming quiet, he said it again. "Titties--titties--titties," trying to get the sound to roll around his mouth. Still he blushed at these words. It wasn't long before she had her floral blouse on.

Sarah reached for the jeans, but Charley shook his head no. "I told Lisa to help you. If you don't do as you are told..." he left that thought to linger in the air.

Lisa picked up the jeans that were to be put on her mother, her hands shaking. She would never have thought it would be her job to dress her mother. It made her blush and her eyes filled with moisture. She pulled the pant legs over her mother's nicely shaped appendages with shaking arms and weak knees. She knew that this would only be the beginning. And with a good tug, she brought the seat of the jeans over her mom's nice round ass. She looked at Charley.

"Zip her pants up," he looked back at Lisa. "You don't want her to go around showing her panties to me all day, or do you?"

Lisa shook her head no, and zipped her mother up and buttoned her pants with out instruction. Finally, her mother stood there, in a very nice purple, yellow, orange, and pink floral blouse and light blue faded jeans.

"Your turn," Charley told Lisa.

She nodded.

"Come here," Charley called to Lisa as he took the clothes from the foot of his bed. "I want to help you undress."

"Um... do you have to?" she was feeling more and more nervous.

"If you don't let me, things will be difficult for your family."

"I understand." She closed her eyes and just let him do as he liked while she tried to shut it all away.

Charley unzipped her dress, pulled it down over her bare back and admired her white panties. He then helped her slip on a t-shirt, and on second thought, decided she didn't even need the skirt.

"You are finished," he smiled at her.

"But I don't have anything to cover my panties."

"I know. I want you like that. I mean, it's not like you are not covered."

"Fine." She blushed. She had remembered that he had waned her in just her panties before. That really didn't bother her.

"Please start making dinner, Sarah."

Sarah eyed him, and then shrugged and went to the kitchen to see what they had to make for dinner.

Will start the next part not as an add to this post. I hope that's okay, Mods.

*010*2011-06-07 00:28

Dinner Time

The two women worked on preparing the dinner while Charley went out the back door to play some horse shoes in the backyard. (Horse Shoes: For those of you who do not know, is a game where you have a pin in the ground, and you throw horseshoe shaped rings to try to hook the peg. If you are close, you get one point and if you ring it, you get two. I was played a long time ago, so don't know how many youth know this game).

Inside, the two ladies prepared a lavish meal for the prince, spending nearly two hours at it. Lisa began to feel her eyes closing against her will because the ride to the cabin had been long, she had been forced into clothes or a lack of clothes that she really didn't want, and now she was forced to cook for his lordship too?

Sarah knew her daughter was getting tired, and she tried to do as much as she could without her, but she kept watch on the door worried he would open it at any moment.

Finally, the small table had three plates with roast chicken, mashed potatoes and chicken gravy, green peas and cooked carrots, and a couple of freshly prepared biscuits. A glass of apple juice was pour for Lisa and a glass of Grape wine was measured out for Sarah. She left the prince's glass empty waiting for Charley to tell her what he wanted to drink.

"Lisa," Sarah finally asked her sleepy daughter. "Can you go get the prince?"

Lisa stood up swaying slightly and walked in a trance to the back door. She had no fear of opening it or of anyone seeing her as they were so far away, that she was sure that only the prince and who he had meant to look at her would be there.

Indeed is was just Charley outside, and as she opened the door calling for dinnertime, he stood from where he had been stooped to collect his horseshoe rings.

The First Issue

They sat around the table, Charley mostly taking glances under the table trying to act like he was being clever about it, but honestly not caring if they knew he was checking LIsa's panties. He loved the smooth tan skin of her legs that reach up towards the pantie-leg holes. He also stole peaks at Sarah's crotch even though it was covered by a pair of tight jeans.

"Is there a reason you are looking at my daughter's crotch every five minutes?" Sarah asked him hoping he might feel the slightest bit of shame at being caught.

"Not really," Charley shrug obviously not bothered. "I just like the smooth tan legs she has."

"I see. Lisa is really tired. Would it be possible for you to let her sleep?"

"Sure. She can sleep on that bigger bed on the right side."

Sarah had to practically carry her fifteen year old daughter to bed which was something that had not happened for nearly five years. She didn't mind though, and once she had Sarah on the bed, she took off her blouse and slipped on a long T-shirt over her head which Charley had conveniently provided them.

"I would like to use the bathroom," Sarah then told Charley once she had Lisa covered up and in bed.

"I thought ladies were not supposed to say such vulgar words," Charley looked up at her his eyes looking innocently into hers.

"Really? And what am I supposed to do if I'm only allowed to go if you let me."

Charley shrugged.

"Well, am I allowed to go or what?"

"Yeah, just a minute. I have to get something for you to go in ready."

"What about the outhouse in the back?"

"You can't go there! It's too filthy for a lady to use."

Sarah blushed. "It has to be cleaner than having an accident or going outside in the bushes."

"You aren't going to go outside, and if you wait a minute, you won't go in your pants either."

Sarah stood and waited for Charley who went back outside reaching around the corner. When he came back into the cabin, he had a small five gallon wood bucket.

"You can use this."

"Where?"

"Right here, where else?"

"I can't pull off my clothes and pee in front of a twelve year old boy," she said nearly pouting.

"Don't say bathroom and pee," Charley told her. "Now, you can either use the bucket, or you can use your jeans. It's up to you."

Sarah sighed. "Fine, let me have the bucket please."

"So you are going to freely show me your pussy?" Charley asked her.

"You don't have to name it," Sarah blushed. "I don't want to, but what choice have I?"

Charley shrugged.

Sarah took the bucket to as far to one side of the room as she could away from Charley, but then noticed that he wasn't even interested in looking at her. This was obviously just a game to get her to feel uncomfortable about going. He had, instead of following her, gone to lie next to Lisa in bed. Sarah sighed.

The Middle of the Night

Sarah went back to where the beds were, and saw that the smaller cot had been left for her. She was glad that at least he wouldn't for her to sleep with him, but she really hated to have anything to feel good about. He had just humiliated her by making her practically pee in front of him, and he didn't even show any interest in watching. It was obviously about control and nothing else.

She took off her jeans knowing he was already asleep, and she removed her blouse to put on the long t-shirt that he had prepared for her on her bed. As she lie down, she heard crinkles of plastic and knew that he had prepped the bed for peeing accidents, but there didn't seem to be any reason to have bothered with that since he had let her use the toilet just before she went to bed.

The light magically faded out as she lie down, just as it was always meant to do when the last person was in an assigned bed, and Sarah rolled over to go to sleep.

In the big bed, sometime later between the late evening hours and the wee-hours of the morning, some restless sounds and movement originated from the double bed. There were whispers of desperation and heart pounding panic attacks in the rustling of the blankets. The other person snored deeply unaware of the other person's dreams. Sarah started to wake and sat up looking towards the bigger bed, but as she sat up, she realized that the light didn't come on automatically as it would in her own house.

Suddenly, one of the figures on the bed, barely noticeable in the darkness, sat straight up and seemed to look around as though frightened of something chasing her. Lisa moved the blankets quietly and carefully away trying not to disturb the prince next to her. She slid her legs over the side of the bed and carefully and ever so softly climbed out of the bed.

Once standing, she looked around the room to find her mother sleeping on the other bed.

"Mom? Can you help me?"

"What is it, Lisa?"

"I need to ... um... where's the ...?"

"Oh, um... we aren't supposed to just go without permission. There is a bucket way over there by the sink, but if he catches us using it, before he lets us, he might decide that we'll be punished in someway."

"I don't care. If I don't go right now, I'm going to wet myself."

"Okay..." and Sarah went back to sleep.

*012*2011-06-08 10:32

The Next Morning

Charley woke up and looked to his left to see that Lisa was still sleeping there, her hair all over the place. Some of her hair was over her face hiding her left eye, ear, and down to her mouth. Some of it was spread out over the pillow under her head, and some of it was strung out to her right in a nice straight noodle serving.

Charley sat up and looked over at the sleeping mother, then carefully climbed off of the bed making as little noise and movement as possible so as let the girl continue sleeping.

Charley went off out of the cabin, just as careful to close the doors quietly behind him as he went out to the outhouse. He was out there for sometime and when he finally re-entered the room, Sarah was already up.

"Oh, good, you are awake," Charley smiled. "Can you please make breakfast?"

"Well, I'd like to use the bucket first, if I may."

"I'm hungry. I think you should make breakfast first."

Sarah sighed. "Are you sure I can't use the bucket first?"

"If you do, then I'll tell my mom you didn't do what I wanted."

Sarah walked to the stove to prepare to get it hot enough to start making their breakfast.

Lisa started to make some faint grunting noises from the bed as she started to stretch her arms over her head and then up in the air straight out from her body. She started to sit up.

"Oh, you are awake," Charley walked towards the bed. "Are you ready to get up?"

Lisa nodded.

"You'll need to change your clothes."

Charley was already dressed in a black t-shirt featuring a snow-leopard and a pair of Brown shorts. He walked to the bed and pulled the blankets back revealing her panties and her T-shirt which was wrinkled and sweaty from her disturbing sleep. He smiled at her and placed his hand on her stomach.

"Do you want to wear these sweaty panties?" he asked her.

Lisa shrugged...

Breakfast

Charley handed Lisa a pair of pink panties out of the trunk he had. There was not even a blush upon his face, and he seemed to even smile as though he found something rather funny.

"Here, wear these."

Lisa pulled the blankets back over herself, and tried to change her panties under the blankets. Charley shrugged. He figured she's cover herself up, struggled under the sheets, and get her panties on without showing him anything. It was something he had clearly expected of her.

At the stove, Sarah was now mixing raw egg, milk, and sugar into a bowl to dip some bread into.

Charley watched her carefully, but Sarah didn't show any signs of needing anything important.

Suddenly, Lisa gasped as she pulled the blankets away from her middle having the strange pink panties on.

"What are these?" she screamed across the room at Charley.

"They're panties," he grinned at her showing all his teeth.

"No, they are not. Well, they aren't regular ones anyway," she pouted.

Indeed, the panties were very thick in the back making her bottom look bigger, and the extra cloth around them made her feel like she was wearing toddler training panties. They also had a pink bear on the front of them, and on the back, it had a pattern of several pink, blue, and purple hearts. Against her clitty, they felt extra padded and soft in the middle.

"If you keep pouting, not only will I have you wear a diaper, but I'll make your mom put it on you and take if off of you every time you need to have it removed."

Lisa became quiet.

###

About an hour later, Lisa was dressed, as specified by Charley in a short sleeved casual shirt with a picture of a kitten on the front playing with yarn and a short skirt that when she moved her legs apart, he could see her pink panties.

"Breakfast is about done," Sarah called to the two kids sitting in the sofas. "Would it be alright if I used the bucket now?" she asked a little worried he would still refuse her.

"Why not?" Charley shrugged. "Just go over there where you went last night."

"But that's so close to where we are eating," Sarah shook her head.

"It's either that, or you wait," Charley smiled.

"Charley?" Lisa mumbled.

"Yes?"

"If you let her go out in the outhouse, I'll let you watch closely every time I have to go."

"You will?"

"No," Sarah said. "I'll go in the buc...."

"Sarah, please be quiet or maybe I won't let you go at all. Lisa, will you only go in the manner I ask so I can best see, and can you even not go until I think you are about to pee on your pants?"

Lisa blushed. "If you don't make my mom pee in the bucket anymore or watch her when she has to go, I'll do anything you ask."

"Deal. Sarah, if you say one thing, you'll pee your pants."

Sarah looked down.

"Go to the outhouse. I'm going to be watching Lisa. She's the pretty one anyway, and so she is the one I want to see naked, or treated like a child."

Sarah mumbled something as her face grew red, but she didn't linger. She ran out the back door to the outhouse finally feeling relieved to not be watched by the little tyrant. She wondered if there was something in the law about how they were being treated even if it was by a lord. Surely she could complain to someone that would make sure a prince didn't abuse his power like this again.

She felt a little pee escape into her panties just before opening the outhouse door. On the inside, she had been screaming to use the toilet since she got up, but he was working extra hard to remain composed trying not to give any sign of weakness to Charley because she didn't want to let him see her begging for something that she had thought until now, was a right.

Inside, the two kids sat at the table, Lisa looking down at her french toast shifting nervously in her seat. She promised Charley exactly the sort of thing he wanted that got them in this mess in the first place. She had not wanted him to tell her when she could use the bathroom or watch her when she peed. The only thing he had not said anything about yet, but she was sure was coming, was he had wanted her to hold it long enough to have a potty accident. He could tell her when she was allowed to go now, so that was definitely one of the things he would likely ask her to do. He would ask her to wait and keep her waiting, and when she could wait no longer, he would still deny her. She knew it and the thought made her face hot and her ears burn.

"What are you doing?" Charley brought her back to the moment. "Your breakfast will get cold. Let's eat."

"We aren't going to wait for my mother to come back?"

"She's a big girl. She can eat when she gets back then you can do the dishes since your mom cooked."

"I would rather...."

"Lisa, do as I say. No back talk...."

She looked down into her plate and cute off a piece of sweet egg-bread smothered in syrup to stick in her mouth.

Lisa's Promises

After they ate, Lisa stood by the sink washing plates, Sarah gathered some dirty laundry, and Charley turned on the television to watch it. By then, Sarah had already dressed, partially in front of Charley, into some jeans and a nice green blouse.

*015*2011-06-12 22:50

Lisa's Promises

Some time in the afternoon, the two ladies and Charley were talking and watching television somewhat relaxed. Since the morning, nothing had gone strangely enough to remind the two ladies why they were there being held prisoner, and other than the idea that they couldn't leave, and neither lady was allowed to use the toilet without asking, it felt more like they were just visiting someone important.

"Lisa? Wouldn't it be good to get some fresh air?" Charley asked her as a television program finished.

"Yes, I supposed it would."

"Why don't you and Sarah make us a picnic lunch and then we can go up into the mountains a bit further where I can show you a special place?"

"Sure, if you like," Lisa trembled a bit. A cold chill, like an ice cube, slipped down her back.

"Sarah, make a picnic lunch for Lisa and me, please."

"aren't I going?"

"No. You can stay here and relax. Oh, and I supposed since I can't watch you, that means you can get away with using the toilet without asking while we are gone."

"Well, thanks a lot," she made it sound as grateful as she could, but there was still a bit of sarcasm in her feeling.

"Lisa," Charley turned to the younger girl. "Why don't you put on some shorts so that you can feel somewhat decent outside until we get to where we are going?"

"Sure," she blushed.

"And wear the skirt too because you may want it for where we are going."

"Okay."

Charley looked through the Clothing trunk for the swimming trunks and extra shorts he had for himself and for two extra pair of panties for Lisa plus an extra t-shirt for her.

Charley took Lisa by the hand with his free hand he carried a bag with their clothes in the other hand. Lisa carried the basket with their lunch in it in her free hand, and they walked up behind the cabin on a trail towards one of his favorite places.

Sarah watched the two of them walk out the door, and through the window, saw them progressing up a a trail behind the cabin. She gave them a good lead before following behind trying to keep hidden so that she wouldn't be noticed.

"It's a rather nice day for a picnic," Charley commented as though he was on a casual date with a girl that had wanted to join him.

"Yeah," Lisa agreed looking down at her feet a little nervous but at the same time glad it was Charley that had her in this position and not someone else at their school.

Ordinarily, Lisa would not go with Charley willingly because her friends would call her a baby-lover or something, but like this, alone, she really liked him secretly. She sometimes did fanticize about him taking her somewhere secret and they could talk and maybe even grow fond enough of one another that he'd ask her to show him more of her, or they'd end up in an embrace or even with their lips touching.

Lisa smiled subdued-like because she wasn't sure about her feelings. This young boy was forcing her mother and her to do strange things, and yet, she had always liked the way he could say and do most things without seeming to feel regret. She knew that he was going to get her alone, and maybe ask her to do something really embarrassing or scary, but then, she'd be alone with him, and he looked so strong the way he walked along her side.

Charley felt her hand trembling.

"What are you scared of," he whispered.

"No-nothing," she stammered.

"I won't hurt you," he whispered once again.

"No, I don't guess you would," she whispered back unable to keep the stutter completely out of her voice.

He relaxed his hold on her hand, and she replied by squeezing his playfully before relaxing her hand, though it shook, and she kept it in his hand which made him smile.

7:00 a.m. NY/ 4:00 a.m. California/ 8:20 p.m. Japan Time...

Adding to the story... (for the sake of those of you who get lost and want to know where you left off)

Part 2

The walk took nearly an hour, and the light breeze among the trees and the grass swayed nature with a rhythm. The air was calming and nice. Lisa felt her heart breathing in the calm of nature and couldn't help feeling that a part of the peace she felt was within the boy next to her.

(Continue soon--writer's block)

*017*2011-06-15 07:57

River Fun

Arriving at the riverside, Charley dropped the bag with things he wanted to take with them a short ways from the bank and he had Lisa also put down the picnic food.

"Isn't it peaceful out here?" he asked as he pulled a blanket from the bag he had. He laid the blanket out under some trees, careful to remove any sharp rocks from underneath. Lisa could see partly into the bag and saw a few girls' garments as well as some swimming trunks for himself.

"I don't see anything for me to use to swim in," Lisa commented with a smile.

"I know." Charley shrugged. He continued getting four pillows out of the bag and arranged them comfortably on the blanket. "I don't have any girls' swimming suits, so I guess you can just go in the water with your panties and an undershirt on."

"But...."

"You promised. You are supposed to do anything I ask or I get to be mean to your mom and watch her pee every time she has to go."

"I know. It's just... if I wear my panties, then I'll be wet all the way back to the cabin, won't I?"

"No. I have brought you a few changes of panties just in case you were too lady-like to pull your panties down outside when you need to pee." He smiled. Of course that was just his excuse to make her hold it or wet. If she was going to change herself, what was the difference, but she had to obey him anyway.

"Well, I guess you thought of everything," Lisa smiled at Charley. "What do you want to do first?"

"First, I want to just lie down on the blanket and talk with you after we get into our swimming things."

"Um... so you want me to take off my shirt and skirt then, right?"

"Why not? You don't want to wear a wet shirt all the way back to the cabin do you?"

"No."

Lisa took off her shirt revealing an undershirt with straps that didn't even cover her shoulders, but her chest was mostly covered in white and her bottom was covered in lavender panties.

"Come and lie by me," Charley patted the blanket once he had his clothes stripped, even revealing his johnson, and redressed only in swimming shorts. (Lisa had looked away politely when he started to pull off his clothes).

Lisa sighed.

"Come on, don't be scared," the twelve year old patted the blanket next to him looking up at the sixteen year old body that now showed freckles down her neck and over the base of the hill that started her breasts.

"I'm not scared," Lisa smiled down at him.

"Then come and sit."

They sat there for what seemed a good few hours though only minutes had passed. Charley just rubbed her arms at first, and as she consented and relaxed, he moved up her arms towards her neck.

Still Lisa relaxed.

Charley felt encouraged to continue, and he started rubbing over the space between the base of her "hills" and her neck. All the while, he was saying nice complimenting remarks.

"You are one very beautiful rose. Anyone would be blind to not see that."

Though his words were lame and came from the lips of an immature twelve year old, the young woman felt like a princess and relaxed further as he said things that pleased her about herself. He was very observant, and he used those skills to tie her eyes to the color of spring. He noted how her undershirt seemed to slip over her silk like skin, and he noted that her legs and hips were a perfect pocket for her unseen fruit of joy.

Before she knew it, Lisa was lying her head on his lap completely mesmerized by his seemingly wise words that melted her fears away. Her legs shifted a bit and her breathing deepened as he continued. She had no strength in her body, but the relaxation was soothing. Lisa could not hear the outside world though the birds sang and the wind lightly breezed by some shrubs and trees. Nothing existed outside of the bubble of her peace in Charley's arms.

Not knowing how much time had passed, Charley shifted causing Lisa to awake from her dream-like state of bliss. The sounds of birds fully found their way through her peaceful bubble. The light scent of the stream, the trees, and nature penetrated her world, and she was still feeling peace from it.

"Excuse me," Charley whispered. "I need to go pee, and then I think it's time for a swim."

"Oh, good idea," Lisa whispered back. "I kind of need to...."

"Um... are you telling me you'd pull down your panties out here, where anyone can see you?"

"Oh, um... I mean, you did say that after we swim I'm going to change, aren't I?"

"Sure, under your skirt so people don't look at you."

"I thought you wanted to see?"

Charley blushed. Of course he wanted to see, but he didn't want her to realize he was peaking at her. It was more fun when he thought she didn't know.

"Well, I don't think a lady should want to be watched."

"But you'll watch my mother and I pee anyway?" she blinked at him, her hands on her hips.

"Well, yeah, I mean... I'm a boy. Boys are supposed to be... um... dogs, right?"

Lisa laughed.

"I knew you were going to say something like this," Lisa admitted to Charley. "You were hoping I wouldn't know what to do, weren't you?"

"I guess," Charley replied as he stood up and started to walk off to do what he needed.

"Do you want me to do it in front of you, or do you want me to doing it more privately in the river?"

"Why are you asking me?"

"Because it's important to please you so that you'll leave my mom alone."

"Well, I don't want you to just do it. I want to see you hold it until we start to leave."

"How long are we going to be here?"

"I don't know."

"What if I can't wait that long then?"

"What does it matter? We'll be swimming soon, so I won't even know if you wet unless you accidentally do it outside of the river, right?"

Lisa nodded.

Charley, however, pulled his trunks down over his hips and sprayed the nearest shrug without even thinking whether Lisa was watching or not. Lisa blushed and turned away the moment his little pecker came out of his drawers.

Lisa walked into the river while Charley continued his business, not really interested in his yellow junk. She acclimated herself with the water's cool temperature, and then she started to swim.

No more than a few moments passed before there was a 'cannon ball' splash not far from where Lisa was swimming and as she gained her foot hold to stand up, she saw Charley coming up for air not far away.

"Well, if you have to announce your arrive, prince, you could at least say something like look out below to give fair warning."

"Aw, come on! I was more than ten feet from you. There was no way I was going to hit you!"

"You still splashed me," Lisa complained.

"Girls!" Charley shook his head as he started swimming himself.

Lisa shrugged and went back to swimming.

After about an hour of swimming, Lisa and Charley walked through the river upstream until they found several currents of water pouring off of different rocks downhill giving the effect of a tranquil paradise.

"This place is so feminine," Charley said suddenly breaking the silence and Lisa looked up at him.

"What do you mean by that?"

"It's so peaceful, but there is still background noises coming from the waters falling off the rocks and the unseen birds in the trees."

"So you think girls just talk even when they have nothing to say?"

Charley nodded.

Lisa giggled. "You are such a pig. Girls aren't the ones making strange sounds with their bodies to impress girls and half killing themselves for the same reason."

Charley chuckled. "I thought girls liked that kind of thing."

"Girls might think it's noble if a boy is willing to do things for her sake, but just to show off and especially make some interestingly gross sounds, normally turns us off."

"That's not what I heard," Charley smiled at Lisa. "I heard that girls are just more- 'lady-like' about the way they do it."

Lisa blushed. "Maybe we are, but if you really wanted to impress me, you would skip the gross sounds and the fake displays and just treat me with respect and talk to me like you do your friends."

"Really?"

"Yeah."

Charley came up from behind her as she struggled to climb upon a rock, and he pushed her bottom up. It could have been on purpose that he decided to push there, but it also could have been accidental since he was just trying to help her up. Lisa didn't take too long to think about it. It really didn't matter since he could look at her naked anytime he said the word anyway.

Once they were both upon the rock, Charley sat down and look up at the sky. Lisa copied him.

"Don't you like the way the clouds float carelessly and freely along as though having no worry in the world?" Charley asked.

"It is romantic," Lisa whispered back, the words not even affecting her.

"Don't you wish we could spend some days like that?"

Lisa looked at him, and he smiled at her. He reached his arm around her shoulders, and she let him hug her and she moved so that her head was against his chest.

"You want me to do it, don't you?" Lisa asked Charley.

"Do what?"

"To pee in front of you... maybe through my panties?"

Charley gulped. "Well, a girl shouldn't pull her panties down without good reason."

"And going pee isn't a good reason?" Lisa asked him as she looked back smiling.

"Well, it... um... you should try to keep yourself covered even if you have to pee your pants unless you know it's private," Charley said shaking.

"Don't be scared," Lisa teased. "It's you that wants me to do it. Don't be scared if you are going to ask me to do it."

"I'm not s...s... scared." Charley stuttered.

"You sound nervous to me," Lisa giggled.

"No. I'm just, um... a little excited that you are ready to do whatever I asked of you."

"Well, I have to don't I? You'll tell your mom we weren't obedient if I don't do whatever you like, right?"

"Well, I can, but..." he trailed off. Honestly, he wasn't sure if he would or not.

Lisa leaned against him more, so that now her head was in his lap and he was looking down at her. She just smiled up at him as she held her legs together a bit longer, kind of jiggling them to emphasize what was about to happen. Her head was sweating a little, but she didn't look scared or uncomfortable. She was smiling up at Charley basically just waiting for permission to let go, but she didn't ask for permission either.

Charley reached his left hand down to her neck and his right hand down to her stomach which still felt rather flat and yet smooth. Her dreamy eyes were looking up at him like a lost puppy, and her mouth was slightly parted for the longest time.

Charley rubbed her stomach, his fingers very close to the top band of her panties. He shook with anticipation at what the girl was going to do as she lie there, and he wanted so much to move his hand closer, but hesitant to do so. His left hand rubbed the space between Lisa's neck and her chest, and the 'massage' across the ascending hill below her booby tops made her feel a bit excited.

Lisa pulled Charley's hand down towards her panties bottom, putting his hand directly on the crotch of her panties.

"There, that's the best place if you want to feel it come out," Lisa whispered to him though her face flushed as she did this. "I could tell you wanted to touch there."

"Are you sure it's okay?"

"You are allowed to touch anywhere you want. That is one of the things I have to learn, right?" Lisa smiled up at him not even bothered by this.

"I don't understand, then," Charley looked down at her, his eyes narrowed. "If you really don't mind, why did you make such a scene at the castle?"

"I was scared that," she faltered a little nervous to say what really bothered her.

"Scared of...," Charley encouraged her.

"That you were going to have me to it... um... where people would see me do it. And I'd have to wear wet pants home and then my mother would have yelled at me for it. I really don't mind it in secret between the two of us, and now, my mom will think you forced me to do it, so she can't yell at me."

Charley smiled. "You naughty girl."

She smiled back and started to try to relax her legs which still bounced still keeping the yellow liquid inside her.

It seemed to take an eternity before Charley felt the first little heat of her body juices. The girl lay there breathing heavily trying to will her body into submission and give Charley what he wanted.

Lisa gasped when she first felt it because she had been so young the last time she let anything like this happen to her. It seemed to close as quickly as her pee hole opened to let out just a small squirt of pee. She blushed brightly, and Charley smiled at her as he touched her panties.

"Come on," he whispered. "You didn't even do anything yet."

"I know, I'm sorry," Lisa whispered. "I'm trying."

Charley then rubbed at her panties with his hand, and his other hand almost forgot about her generous mounds of breast beneath it. He rubbed at the front of her clit through her panties thinking that that was where her pee hold should be, and hoping to make her feel a sensation that would make wetting herself easier.

Lisa lay back feeling a different sensation as he rubbed her clit though, and she started to moan from pleasure. It was just at that point, that she her pee hole could no longer take the pressure, and Lisa felt a squirt as she also felt other stirring feelings deep within her girlhood.

A bit more encouraging by Charley, and his touching her privates as well as her breasts was really having the opposite effect of what he wanted. It was making it take longer for her to pee herself, but she was enjoying it. The feeling was heavenly as she felt herself getting hot and funny feeling below. It was a strange almost unknown feeling, but she knew what it was. He was making her cum... and the cum was thick and oozing down into her panties.

Not more than a few minutes after the cum had filled her panties, she finally peaked in her pleasure, and as she finally sighed in relief and bliss, the girl started to properly pee through her panties and all over herself. She smiled as she did so, and Charley smiled back completely happy at her obedience.

End of this story for now... May post another Auk Story later though... maybe.

