Sam Fisher's Limits (Splinter Cell Omorashi)

Author: SilverJackal

*000*2014-08-13 18:31

I pushed myself with writing this one for Sam Fisher. Out of his perspective. Enjoy!

###

Pushing Sam Fisher's Limits

It had been several weeks since I had my accident. I wasn't going to lie when I said it was quite arousing. I never told anyone at Third Echelon, but how much longer would I keep such an experience to myself? I was now getting curious if I could push my limits with my new found limits. Why was I feeling turned on by this? I could continue to question.. or...

It sure beat the boredom of sitting through Irving Lambert's speeches. This time it was just your typical. I found myself growing anxious. I couldn't help to get a hard on. Am I really being... Oh.. wow. I was being turned on. Could this really be a new found fetish? I had grinned to myself.

"Fisher, you know what we need you to do." Lambert broke my thoughts. In truth I didn't, but I nodded.

Several hours passed since I had felt this desperation. I skipped the restroom and ended up paying for this, but even if I didn't like feeling uncomfortable, I couldn't help to feel aroused. It was way too long since- !! What? There was a Third Echelon Employee looking at me with hungry eyes. It was a woman. I pretended to ignore her.

The woman who was eying on me did look quite attractive. At least for her age. Long blonde hair in a ponytail, deep blue eyes and the standard office outfit, but she wore a dress skirt. I leaned myself forward in my chair, getting myself to ignore her. Yet this was difficult. I could see her inch closer. I saw her write a note and pass it to me. What was this? High School?

My eyes skimmed the note. I know you're desperate. That's a turn on for me. I raised an eye brow, continuing to listen to Lambert. Grim also came into my sights, making several places on the map. The woman next to me didn't delay a moment longer. Upon writing another note, she slowly crept her right hand to my leg without breaking eye contact with Lambert or Grim.

Was I to move away? No. It's not like anyone would see us. As long as she didn't arise suspicion or anyone would drop a pen to look under the table we were sitting at.... Last time I went was about an hour ago. We have awhile before this meeting is over. You know how long his speeches last. I wanted to chuckle at the note. I needed to keep quiet.

Another wave of desperation hit. Damn. The woman had written her name as she started rubbing my bulge. It felt good. Maybe she could help me keep concentrated. I looked at her name that was written on the paper. Lynda. I wrote my name back in response. Did this allow her to make her move.

If I was lying to myself, then her groping me was helping me sit through Lambert's speech. I felt pale. I felt myself sweating bullets. I kept a straight face as much as I could. My breathing turned hallowed. I needed to do anything to cross my legs. Maybe pushing my limits through Lambert's speech wasn't such a good idea after all.

Drop your arms. Lynda wrote to me. I know a way you can occupy yourself. Though I was tempted to grab myself. I felt her hand take my left. The pressure she released made my pain worse, but where she was leading me now had me turn my head a bit. I need to pee. She wrote. If we occupy ourselves. We could make it to the bathroom.

Lynda had placed my left hand in her pussy. She was beyond wet. Yet I could feel her growing desperate. Her pulse and body wanting to relieve itself; the pressure. This had me forget my pain I was inflicting upon myself for if not a little while. Lynda didn't hesitate on placing her right hand outside my pants again; rubbing my bulge.

My legs had began shaking. I wasn't going to last. Not only was I aroused, but I was going to wet myself. Let a damn kid. I shoved my right hand into my pants without warning. It even caught Lynda by surprise I could tell. I was going to pee. I clinched myself. No. no no no.. not here. Please. Lambert is almost done.

I could feel Lynda placing her own needs aside to focus on me. I know she continued writing notes, but I couldn't concentrate. I needed to cut in the middle of the meeting. Lambert was going to hate- It was in that instant that upon releasing my own grip, Lynda had assisted me with her hands. Thank you. That feels good. I didn't want to say this aloud though.

Instead of moaning or catching attention, I wrapped my left leg around her right, resuming to rub her pussy. Lynda was squirming. As my fingers got deeper, she gripped harder. Her breathing increased, but she knew it wasn't right. She too would need to keep quiet.

My thoughts turned into a panic as I could feel pressure building in my dick. Rather it was now sweat over her hands, or pee. I felt myself wet. I held myself back as much as I could to work against the stream that would gush out. If I was to release now. I wouldn't only make an embarrassment of myself, but Lynda too. I am not going to lose this battle.

My needs became desperation, but I could tell that Lynda wasn't making it any easier for herself. Not only was she being turned on, but she couldn't hold back any longer as myself. I could tell she was growing impatient. She had crossed her legs with my left hand still motioning inside her. This had made my hand go deeper. Is that what she really wanted?

I had gotten my answer as her right hand moved against my dick. I swallowed hard. Just wait... The thoughts and willpower weren't working by now. They were just getting worse. I keeled over in pain as my bladder was dying for release. If it had a voice. I am sure you could hear screaming.

Pressure again was building. At least now I wasn't wearing my stealth suit. It would have just made things worse. As her legs got tighter, so did her grip, which allowed me to spread my legs more. Normally with a woman like her groping me the way she was in a meeting like this would make me uncomfortable. Desperate times. called for... NO NO NO. Her grip was loosening. I was about to piss myself.

"Fisher!" It was Lambert. We quickly readjusted ourselves as like nothing happened. "Can I speak with you?" I gave a small nod in response.

Walking to Lambert as everyone departed only made my situation worse. This also gave the opportunity for Lynda to leave. Good at least she would find relief. I pretended to continue ignoring my urges, walking to Lambert as normal as I could. I was given paperwork. To be honest I didn't really pay attention. My goal was to get out. FAST.

I waited as both Grim and Lambert returned to matters at hand before I bolted out the door. I was nearly sprinting. It was when I was running down the hall to the nearest bathroom, I felt myself get pulled aside. To my surprise, it was Lynda. Did she wait for me? I felt her guide me to a private bathroom. Locking the door behind us.

There was an evil smirk on her face. "Sam. Not yet."

"Please, I've been holding this all day. I didn't think it would get this bad." I could hear myself begging.

"You can hold yourself for awhile longer. Can't you?" Lynda asked. She had pressed against my body. "So can I you know. I have been waiting for you."

This. Got me hard, but I knew this moment wasn't going to last if my desperation clouded my thoughts. "Lynda. Can't we talk about this.. after I pee?"

Lynda had kissed me in response. "Be a big boy, Mr. Fisher. I know you can be. With so many stories I heard about you.." She was now rubbing her whole body against me. "I know you can push yourself beyond your own limits."

Again I was being turned on even more. It had been so long since I had sex, but I didn't want to have my barriers down like this. My desperation was getting me hard to focus. Lynda had giggled as she shoved her hands down my pants. Sensitive to her touch and aching for release I had pissed myself a bit.

"Naughty." She said to me. I couldn't help it. "You are supposed to be a good boy. Don't pee until I tell you to. Do you understand me? You are going to help me first." Lynda pulled just her panties down, revealing she had a wet spot. "You know where turning me on. Even if I have to pee real bad." She got close to my face again. It was in that moment we kissed.

She smelt to sweet. "All right. You first." I was convinced.

Lynda sat me down on the toilet as she sat on top my leg. Wha.. warm pee had soaked my pants. It felt good. She was not only making a wet spot for me, but herself as well. Her moan of relief was enough to get me going. It was at that moment I couldn't hold myself any longer.

My pants had became soaked as I gave out a moan. My breathing got loud as the wet spot on my pants spread down the left side of my pants. I didn't care at that moment if anyone or even Lynda was looking. I felt revealed. Amazed that I was capable of holding out as much as I did without breaking.

I had gotten turned on as if I could cum with just Lynda's touch at this point. All she did was rub my legs through my wet pants. "Feels good, doesn't it, Fisher?" She asked in a seductive tone. I gave a moan in response. Yet as I thought about finishing up, I felt her grab my dick. My head jerked. "You aren't to finish. I only allowed to relieve pressure because I gave you permission."

"What are you going to do to me?" My bladder was trying to allow the stream to continue, but Lynda blocked it off. This was going to make me squirm.

"I want to hear you beg, Fisher." What she was doing was painful. I needed to empty the rest of my bladder, but what was she doing? Lynda had something within her reach. A water-bottle. She must have acquired it before or I was just too damn arrogant to notice. "Drink this, Fisher. All of it. You are a fish, Aren't you?"

For the first time I was refusing. "Lynda I can't. Just please let me finish peeing. I will do anything-"

"Drink it, Sam." Her voice was commanding. I tried breaking free of her, but I was soon forced against a wall. "Naughty." She said again. Pinning me down, she forced me to drink the water. The water did its job getting straight to my bladder

Sitting on top of me, Lynda gave an evil smile. "How much can you hold before peeing again, Sam?" She massaged me as I felt pressure once more. I wouldn't be able to holdout if that's what she really planned on doing with me. "Let's experiment together." Her famous last words as she drank the rest of the water-bottle. "You're free to leave.. if you can get the door unlocked."

Lynda got off me, now walking over to the sink. "However... you must comply to certain conditions." Would I have a choice? Was I to tell my coworkers? "If you run now. Secrets. Sam. Secrets will be out that something like this.. turns you on. Everyone at Third Echelon will know." Was she planning on do this all along? "What shall it be, Fisher? I know your reputation is beyond valuable here."

Damn it. She was right. Lynda had filled the water-bottle. "You were expecting me to break under your will? Fine I will play along with your game."

"It's not so simple, Fisher." She approached me. "You have been experimenting to push limits. I have been noticing. Do you think our meeting like this is... coincidence?" Lynda handed me the water-bottle. "Your choice, Sam."

Not knowing how much she was capable of destroying my reputation; I didn't want to take my chances. Not like this. I stared at the water-bottle, downing the water. Lydia had smiled, giving me a small kiss on the cheek. I could almost hear her whisper "Good Boy."

The sound of running water wasn't helping the fact I was downing the water I was receiving. Down to the fifth bottle I was aching terribly. Lynda was giggling again. "How bad, Sam?" I couldn't respond. "I asked you how BAD?"

"Pr-pretty bad. Please. Let me.." I was given another water-bottle. "You do know what you're asking of me is dangerous." Lynda didn't seem to care. Damn it. This was a mistake I could have just... ran. It was getting terribly harder to move with a full bladder.

Lynda had laughed more. "Sammy Boy. Don't be caving in now. You're Ex-Navy. I know you can hold out just a bit.. longer." She had wet herself again in-front of me. The sight of it was making me almost to the brink of begging. "What's wrong, Sam?" Lynda had put me up straight now seeing my bladder. "Can't hold it anymore?" Her hands gently pressing against my bladder. I grunted in pain.

As Lynda stripped me of my pants, I could feel the pressure being revealed. This was bad if I were to get punished by her. "Lynda. Please. Let me.. pee... I need to pee."

"What was that, Fisher?" She asked. "Did you ask me of something?"

"I need to pee." I said in a complete sentence. "I am going to burst if you don't let me empty my bladder."

Lynda had denied my request as she slipped my pants back around my waist. "The pressure added from your pants will assist you." She walked over to the sink. My brain knew what she was going to do... she was going to fill the water-bottle. As the water ran I was dying. "Think again, Fisher." She laughed.

The water was kept running as she filled the bottle again. I keeled over. Now in pain. "Lynda, please!" I was starting to sound more desperate than before. I held my dick, knowing I was going to wet myself. I caved into my knees, gripping as hard as I could. I felt like a child. "I can't!" I was screaming. "I can-" Lynda forced me to drink the bottle again. I took a deep breath. "Please! For the love of God! Let me pee!"

Lynda smiled. "That's what I want to hear, Sam." She forced me back, sitting on top of me again. "It's good that you are needing it.. because.." Lynda had wet herself again. Wetting her skirt and wetting my pants. "It won't be any fun watching you piss yourself in front of your coworkers." She didn't move. "What are you waiting for, Sam? You know you can't move. Go ahead and pee."

By then I couldn't. This was bad. I needed to pee and I couldn't stand. "I can't push it out." I admitted to Lynda.

"Do you need assistance?" I was bound to cry any moment. "Good Boy." She said as she took my dick out of my pants. It was instantaneously that I had burst. I had gotten pee all over Lynda, but I don't think she cared. "Feels good, doesn't it, Sam?" I began to moan in response. "Knowing your barriers are down. That we all get desperate. You are no better than anyone else. You're just a human being with needs."

I couldn't respond to her as much as my moans seemed to have turned her on. There was a puddle that formed, soaking me and her completely. My breathing eased as I rested. Lynda finally decided to turn off the running faucet. It was within moments she climbed back on top of me. "Don't tell me you didn't feel wonderful in your moments of desperation, Fisher." There was another laugh from her. "You see it wasn't as hard as you made it. All you needed to do was beg. To ask for permission. I would have simply give it."

Lynda was generous to clean up the mess I had made. Even drying up my pants as best as she could. At least to her ability. "You are free to leave, Fisher." I zipped up my pants, getting to my feet. As I reached to the lock. "Oh and Sam." I turned towards her. Lynda had kissed me. "I'll be available if you ever want to have fun again."

With a giggle she allowed me to leave, staring at my ass before parting ways. If I didn't know any better. That was an amazing experience. Something I knew I would be crawling back for more... I would count the days.. the hours... before I would see Lynda again.

*002*2014-08-14 04:46

Thank you! Trust me, Sam is my victim. I love it how open of a mind he can have. And the women he's with. I was debating on creating another topic, but I will just post another chapter here instead of going through the hassle of a "new topic". =)

*003*2014-08-15 09:46

Chapter 1 - I Don't Know You

I must have woken up late. Sure I was used to it being dark, but I remembered Lambert saying he wanted me at Third Echelon 0400 hours. DAMN. Which meant I only had a matter of twenty minutes to hurry, get dressed and out the door. I hate this feeling because it never makes the rest of your day right. It rather makes it impossible to be on time or you're missing something.

I saw my OPSAT was buzzing as I picked it up. I didn't bother to read what was sent to me however, because I knew it would be rather Lambert or Grim bothering me saying that I was late. Come on guys, this wouldn't be the first time I was late. But, I still had a reputation to keep.

Within all the panic and hurry out the door. I forgot to use the bathroom. I should have went before.. I don't have time. I'll just have to go at work. I thought. My urges would have to wait as I found myself speeding down the nearest highway. I ran on into a break-room upon arrival, making a bagel with cream cheese.

Within my reach I also grabbed a paper cup and orange juice. So like anyone within the Echelon office, I would obviously be late. "Hey Fisher! Lambert was expecting you in his office ten minutes ago! What's with you this Morning?" I know I KNOW. Don't remind me. I rushed into his office, now seeing Lambert and Grim as usual.

"Good Morning, Fisher. Good to see you." Lambert introduced my entrance. "We need you to suit up. I would brief you, but there's no time. You are to depart on plane in thirty minutes."

Great that would give me time. I headed down to the lower levels of Third Echelon to get changed. Heading into a changing room, I was stopped in my trail. A familiar face showed in light. Lynda. Silence was short between us as she approached me. She practically leaps into my arms, kissing me. Her and I both knew we didn't have a real relationship.

"Hello, Sam. It's nice to see you." Her voice rang into my ears.

"Lynda. What are you doing here?"

"I have been thinking about our last meeting. I saw your schedule that Lambert wrote. I... wanted to see you."

"Look, you and I both know what happened with out last meeting wasn't real..."

"Why does that matter?" Lynda had asked.

In truth it didn't. I pushed her aside as I stripped my clothes, getting into my suit. "Lynda, please.." I was about to take off my pants through my request that she leave. I rolled my eyes upon her not taking my request. I wasn't in any mood to argue. As I slipped on my Lower Echelon Stealth suit, I could feel her arms wrap around my waist.

"Lynda. Please. I got work."

What happened was unexpected. She tied my hands behind my back. "Not like you have a choice. I know you have time, Fisher." My hands were duct taped together as she brought my face into view. "They will need their agent, but you.. I know you've been naughty. Excuse me for a moment..."

Lynda had left the room and again I was forced to play her game. Was I considered a hostage? She had shortly returned with two backpacks. "Sam, conditions have changed. Unlike the sink, we don't have a direct source in this room for water. Nor... for a bathroom." Should I have told her? That I had to pee already? From experience I knew to keep quiet.

"I didn't really have time to arrest you. You need to be punished. The duct tape will do for now." Lynda had climbed on top of me. "Did you know you look sexy with your stealth suit?" She gave me a sweet kiss. "However, you won't be heading anywhere until I'm done with you."

I shifted uncomfortably. Bracing for what she might plan for me next, I awaited my so called "punishment". She unzipped one of the backpacks, revealing several filled water-bottles. My eyes couldn't count how many there were. "Don't worry, Fisher. I sense the fear in your eyes. You won't be enduring this alone." She downed the first water-bottle.

Opening a second bottle, she sat me up. "You don't need me to tell you to drink. You are at a disadvantage. You can't hold yourself when and how you process the water. Got me? You beg, you ask. You plead." Lynda had kissed me. "As screwed up as our relationship is.. it's better than you can ever ask for.."

"Damn you Lynda..." I was hungry for her attention. She was right. It had been too long since I had a woman like her appreciate me. I wouldn't pass these moments. Lynda continued kissing me; allowing me to submit. "There is something you need to know." She started rubbing against my body. I didn't delay. I was aching for her for the first time. That I wanted to make her cry out for my name.

Lynda had rubbed the outside of my suit. Mmmm yes. Keep going. Keep.. "Turned on again are you, Fisher? That was fast... Hmm." There was a giggle from her. It was then when she stood up, locking the door or any access to the changing room. "My guess you haven't gone yet, Sam. Too bad for you. Yet as I said, you won't have to endure this alone."

The second bottle she had met my lips as she forced me to drink. "Come on, Fisher. Endure this." If I could feel her hands against me. Her hands softly pressing against my chest. Lynda kissed my cold neck as I continued drinking upon her command. "Breathe." I did so. I didn't care what I had to experience to allow her to say. "Now, the rest of the water."

Few minutes had passed as she forced me to drink a few bottles. "No more, Lynda. Lambert needs me on a mission. I will..." Ugh... the water filled my bladder even more. "I will join you after."

Lynda laughed. "You're a bad liar when you're desperate. You won't survive." I was allowed to breathe as she continue to seduce me. "You didn't survive with me last time you know..." I could feel her, rubbing her hands on the hard exterior of my stealth suit. "This will be worse for you seeing your current position."

I was forced another few bottles of water down my throat. I was needed to hold it back. Lynda could tell she needed to step up her game. Taking out my dick, she started to massage. It felt good. "I need you to.. grip. I am going to piss myself. Please."

"I'm sorry, Fisher. You will need to keep holding. If you pee, I will just keep you here longer."

I was losing this battle. If I wouldn't be able to grip myself, there would be no way I would continue. Wrapping her legs around my waist, she had volunteered to drink another water-bottle in front of me. I was aching. No. Please dear go nooooo... There was a smile on her face.

Taking another bottle, she had poured it into my stealth suit. I gave a small sound, shocked as the water soaked me. I was bursting. Lynda reached inside my suit, making the water warm as she started to pee. It felt so good, but she knew that it was torture. Lynda had moaned as she gripped my dick. "You won't be wetting yourself yet, Sam." Her whole hand now blocking my release.

Come on, Sam. You can't let her win. I thought. Lynda continued to massage me as she emptied her bladder. "Keep your mind off the pain, Sam." She laughed. "You could give into my pleasure." I was getting close to an orgasm. Something I knew my body wouldn't be able to withstand. If I came, I would piss. If I pissed.. I would lose her game.

"Do you need to pee?" Her voice was whispering in my right ear. I was concentrating on not wetting myself. My head had fell into her shoulder. "If you give into your pleasure. You won't feel this pain." I sunk my teeth into her neck like a hungry crazed vampire. Through my moans I breathed deep.

"I can't stay. I'm sorry. I have.." I felt my bladder now releasing a bit of pressure. I saw starting to pee. "I have a mission." I was able to say.

Lynda felt her hand get wet as she laughed. "Naughty." Gripping my dick, she was able to stop the flow of my pee. How was she able to know that secret? "Now now, Fisher. You're just keeping yourself here longer than need be. You could have held out, but I guess you aren't as tough as others wish to believe."

I was in extreme pain by now. "Lynda!" I was almost yelling. "Please, let me ... pee." She didn't budge, she just gripped my dick even harder. "Please, I can't stay here. Damn it. I need to cum!"

"I knew I was giving you pleasure, Fisher. If you don't submit now. You will never know true pleasure. True... pain." She massaged my dick several times as I started thrusting. I leaned into the pain as best as I could. "You need to learn, Sam. Now or never." She had grabbed another water-bottle, cooling off my body as it drained down my neck and chest. I was too preoccupied to realize I was sweating and my body temperature rose.

The cold water made me want to pee more. My bladder was beyond recognizable pain. If only I had the strength to break from the duct tape. Run into the nearest bathroom and pee the longest I would ever experience in my life... Lynda grabbed another water-bottle from the bag. How many more did she have in just one? Yet how many more?

"Drink to replace what you lost, Fisher. If you don't. You know the longer I will keep you."

If I had a moment where I would cry. This would be it, but I didn't want to show my weakness. How much I was aching or even how much pain I was going to endure. I was already well passed my limits. I continued to drink as she commanded. Not even my thoughts wanted the pain. I imagined releasing my aching bladder. Even if it meant continuing to wet myself.

There was that moment where Lynda knew I couldn't hold back anymore. Her gripping and grinding my dick had me moan. The more pressure she applied got me to hold on more than necessary. This wasn't going to end well. She would continued to endure as much pain. Keeping her word.

I felt myself getting pale as my body ached for release. Lynda had moaned. She was gaining pleasure from my pain. "Do you know how good you can make me feel, Fisher? You haven't even experimented with me yet. I am waiting. All day.. everyday. Instead I have to chase you." She continued to massage me as she kissed my lips. Her touch was tender. "What you feel is how I ache for you, darling."

"I don't even know you." Another wave of urgency from my bladder. "Why don't we have a normal date? Me .. take you out to dinner." My bladder was throbbing in waves. "You have been.. approaching me wrong..."

"Then why allow me to torture you?" Lynda asked, kissing me. "Why endure this pain?"

"I have been trained in.. several techniques. Torture was one of them." I squirmed. "Don't stop gripping. I'm going to.. lose." My breathing became more deep. Why did I just ask her to...? This couldn't be happening. It was a response I wasn't wanting to give to her. I was dying.

Small spurts had finally escaped. Releasing more pressure. I moaned. Fighting back. "You could just ask me, Fisher. This could all end if you beg."

Through my pain, I had been given an idea. I grinned at her. "Release me. I can give you what you want." She seemed to agree with my words, cutting the duct tape off. I stroked my dick a bit, now pushing her to the ground. My hands went quickly to work. shoving them into her pussy. "You say you have been tortured, aching for me... yet, here I am. Me, submitting to everything under your commands."

Lynda was now moaning as I moved my fingers inside her. "Truth is, Fisher." She purred like a kitten. "I haven't been peeing a lot. I wouldn't allow myself to..." Another moan. "See you in such pain if you needed to pee yourself." I could feel the pulses inside her desperation. It wasn't long after as she cried in pleasure in release. Did she also orgasm among all this?

Her panting had continued as I finally released. My own pee gushing as I moaned in pleasure. I sat back, watching as my bladder emptied itself. Pain through pleasure indeed. My moaning continued as Lynda got on top of me, kissing my neck. "So, do you really want to end this day? Or do you want me to keep going?"

Was this going to turn into watersports? Would I be a sucker if I submitted to an employee that knew my secrets like this? I was empty again. sure but I could tell she had more planned with the other backpack. Lynda started playing with me again. My body wanted more. Her face got close to me as I kissed her. "Maybe after my mission? I can take you out to dinner and.."

Lynda climbed on top of me. "You are going to reject me, knowing how close you are, Sam?" Did she detect I needed more than what she was willing to give? I could feel my bladder fill up again. Maybe that's what she was waiting for...? "Last time it was just water.. this time I added something.. more."

"What did you place into the water?" I asked.

"You are allowed to pee all you want now Fisher, but now you're going to have a hard time holding yourself back. The whole world is going to know..."

There was no time to contemplate her words as I released the second floodgate. I didn't want to believe she would be that sinister to poison me. Lynda had cleaned up the mess we made as I got fully dressed into my stealth suit. This conversation would have to wait until after everything was done for Third Echelon.

Lynda approached me, kissing my cheek. "I will see you after your mission.. Fisher."

I was now in a state of panic. How long before more damage could be done? Was I really now a victim of her games? What was she hoping to get out of my results?

*004*2014-08-17 17:45

All right, this will be my last post unless more request more chapters. I don't like triple posting. So this one will be short, but this one should be enjoyable! =)

Chapter 2 - True Intentions

Upon arriving back on to Third Echelon Headquarters, I knew that Lambert wanted to debrief. I couldn't. What Lynda had done hours before I felt myself needing to pee. Desperately. What did she put in that water? This was bad. I was running, rushing into the changing room so that I could reach the bathroom. I was beyond bursting.

My legs were wanting to collapse here and now, but this wasn't the place. Small wet spots were going to appear on my stealth suit and I didn't need that. Being as discreet among the people I rushed passed, I had no choice but to shove my left hand into my pants. My desperation grew obvious and I was pale. Sweating again.

My dick was growing stiff again. I had gripped my dick harder as I felt bits of pee escape. I ran quicker, getting into the changing room and into the nearest bathroom. As my right hand pressing against the door. This was my time to panic. The door was locked. I keeled over in pain. I wasn't going to make it.

"Looking for something.. Fisher?" I turned to see Lynda. with the keys. Giggling them in front of me. "I knew you would be back."

"Give me the keys, Lynda." I demanded. "I also what to know what you placed into that water."

"Not until we have some fun." Lynda slipped the keys into her back pocket. "You can't concentrate enough to get them I bet you." She took her time to observe me as her approach was settle. "You can't wait any longer. Can you?" Her right hand met my left. "You're at your peak, Sam." She was breathing down my neck practically. "If you really didn't want me around. You would have already taken the keys."

I could barely concentrate. I doubled over in extreme pain. If I wasn't to pee now. I was going to lose myself. Lynda got me to stand straight up, rubbing my overextended bladder. "What did you put in that water?" Repeating the same question as if she poisoned me. Her left hand, rubbing over mine and the head of my dick. A wet spot was going to form. Pee had escaped, wetting her hand. "I.. I'm sorry. I need to-"

"You seemed to have been training yourself." Lynda was breathing pretty heavy by now. She started rubbing my bulge, breaking my grip I had on my dick. "Go ahead, Sam. If you believe I am not worth your time. Take the keys." Taking both her hands, she fondled me. I could feel the pressure again. I was feeling beyond good. I began to moan. "Hmmm. That's what I want to hear..."

My arms dropped as I slid against the wall to the ground. "I don't even... know you..." I fidgeted though her massage. I could feel my bladder pressing. A few more spurts had escaped, wetting her hands and my suit. "Please Lynda, I need to pee. I am begging. PLEASE."

"Fine, I will allow it, but not without agreeing to my terms." Lynda had let go of me, standing to open the door to the bathroom. "Go ahead, Fisher."

I had rushed into the bathroom, releasing the pressure from my bladder. I had moaned, standing there for what seemed to be more than five minutes. It was the greatest five minutes. I must have came a little through the pleasure. Lynda had shut the door behind us, indicating she was watching me the whole time.

Tucking myself back into my pants, I tuned to Lynda. "What are your, terms?"

"Don't pretend you didn't enjoy that, Sam." Lynda smiled, feeling the bulge through my suit. "I saw you cum. No man can deny that pleasure." She continued rubbing. "You have been so submissive to me, Fisher. I want to.. reward you." Her lips met mine. "There are two paths I present to you... We can rather have fun.. or.. you can walk through that door, never speaking to me again. You have my word that your secret is safe with me."

I brushed passed her, reaching for the door. I could have walked away. I could have just continued with life and act like this never happened. I stopped myself, locking the door. "Rather if I am going to regret this or not..." I spun Lynda around, now kissing her. "I know there won't be another chance for a man my age."

"You're lying to yourself, Fisher. You're very attractive for your age." Lynda continued kissing me. "Let's discuss the terms." She forced me to the ground. I didn't hold her back. For once, I didn't feel pressured into our situation.

"Feel me, Sam. Let me feel your hands." I groped her body, gingerly feeling her soft skin. "I'm getting desperate. Been wait since you departed on your mission." I could feel my own bladder filling up again. "I need to pee, Sam. And I am to allow you. I will submit to anything you command."

She sat straight up on me as I made my way to her pussy. As my fingers slipped inside her, I could feel she was beyond wet. Lynda gave out a small moan. Her whole body was aching. "Why don't you pee?" I asked her. "It can be dam-"

Lynda had leaned in, kissing me. "Shut up, Fisher." My dick had throbbed. Every inch of my body was screaming to give her everything. We had more than one encounter, but my body was already ignoring the repulsion. She was willing to have every.. inch.. "What are you willing to place me through, Master?"

I was in full command. As much as I knew the dangers of holding, this was going to be a new experience. There was a grin across my face as I took my fingers out of her pussy. "Very well. You aren't to release until I tell you. I will have you experience EVERYTHING you placed me through."

I was now on top. I could see her delicate eyes staring upon me. Lynda wasn't lying. She was allowing me to see a more gentle side. "Don't hold back on me, Sam Fisher." Making out with her was beyond my main desire, but I was getting harder with every moan she gave. I rubbed her pussy more as she squirmed. "MMMmmm Sam.." She moaned, trying to cross her legs. "Maybe this wasn't such a good idea after all."

A warm spot. Lynda had peed a little, quickly trying to stop her stream. "I know your willpower, Lynda. Now hold it." She obeyed my command. My hand was trapped as she crossed her legs. "Good Girl." Being in power finally gave me the upper hand. Speaking of hands, the right one that was trapped in between her legs now moved deeper within her pussy.

I could feel Lynda trembling. "Your hands feel so good, Sam." Her moaning got louder as I moved faster. I could feel her needing to release again, but she was a trooper; holding herself back. "I'm going to cum. I just.. can't..."

"No, Lynda." I commanded. "Hold it in." I was feeling warm pee drenching my fingers. I got deeper, blocking off her option. I could heard her call my name through her moans. She was going to start crying if I didn't allow her release. I was feeling terrible, but if this is what she wanted... I was going to proceed.

"Sam.." Lynda's breathing got faster, deeper. Her legs got tighter. I was forced to stop moving. I tempted to get her mind off the pain as I had kissed her.

"Do you want me to tell you a secret?" I whispered into her left ear. "I need to pee again." My statement must have turned her on as she smiled.

"Do you want to release?" Her question was permission. She slipped her hand into my stealth suit again. groping my dick. With one hand, unzipping my suit and taking it, she had started thrusting. Are you kidding me. I thought. You're just dying to have me. A shiver chilled down my spine. I released, allowing a second stream.

Lynda didn't move much as she had felt my pee run down her arm. This made her tighten her legs even more. I had never realized how great the second release truly felt. I gave a soft moan, but I could also hear her, but hers was more pain filled. "Lynda. Pee. You are just.."

"Just a little longer." Her cries of begging were hungry.

I wasn't going to allow this. "No Lynda. Pee." This was an order.

My right hand got flooded as Lynda had released her stream. I was getting hard as she moaned through her release. I had continued fingering inside of her as she finished. "That felt amazing." She responded as her own breath was playing catch up.

Laying next to her, I had laughed. "Dinner. On me... Thursday.. how about 8 PM?" Maybe then we can work at a normal "working" relationship. No more of these awkward meetings.

