Two stories in one topic

Author: RoTracksuitWet

*000*2018-01-26 18:02

There will be 2 stories in this topic, the first one is the aftermath of the previous one and the second one is about the fat guy's POV(but this one I will write in the replies)

THE AFTERMATH

''The movie was over. When I came back home, i took my pants off and put them in washing machine and I took a shower. I really have to admit that i enjoyed the good relief even though i was in public.''

So as I said before, I peed my pants at cinema because of a stupid fat guy who didn't let me go to the washroom. I put my trackpants in washing machine and then I took a very long shower. I washed my legs more because they smell so bad from the urine. It took me 35 minutes to wash and then I get out of the bath tub and put my pijamas on. Later i checked the washing machine to see if my trackpants were fine, so I could put them in the dryer next.

I was so sleepy that I can't wait for my pants to dry, but i had to wait. OK, my trackpants are now dry, thank goodness I can go to sleep. While I was sleeping, i kept thinking about my incident at cinema but I wasn't very very worried not only because the pee stain will vanish, because there were just a few people watching the movie. I was like an idiot cause I could jump behind my seat if you ask me and then i could find my way to the restroom. But I didn't have this idea. Don't get me wrong I'm also into Omorashi but not in public.

Next day. I woke up and I looked at my watch and I saw it was 9:10. I realized I had some courses with a 32 year old teacher at her house (oh, i forgot to say that I am 18). Her house is a bit far so I only have time to eat something, drink some coffee and get dressed. I put some blue T-shirt, the same trackpants and another shoes on cause i forgot to wash those snickers as well, yesterday. I left the house and I walked on foot cause I don't have any car. It takes almost 30 minutes to arrive at her house, the courses starts at 10:00. Now guess what, i realized I didn't pee in this morning AGAIN. ''Ohhhhh, why do i always forget to pee in the morning?'' Probably I drank that coffee too fast and my bladder already filled up. I was a bit scared cause this teacher, when she teaches at school, she doesn't let anyone to go pee. Well it doesn't happen always, but what if i'm the unlucky one.

I arrived at her house and she greeted me nicely. She was wearing some black sportscoat,a black skirt,pantyhose and some black shoes. Even though she is a ''DENIAL RELIEF'' person(a person who doesn't let someone to pee), she is very kind, even to me. Then she gave me some exercices to solve, which were from history,geography,maths etc. First, I started to solve some maths problem but I couldn't concentrate cause I really had to pee afterwards. I didn't say anything in the first place so i continued to solve the problem while i started fidgeting,squirming and holding my crotch. 

The teacher saw me and asked if I was OK and I said ''yes, i'm fine''. I couldn't ask her because i was shy, too and i was scared that she wouldn't let me using her bathroom. I tried to concentrate on my exercices and forget about my pee break and i was just holding my crotch in silent so she couldn't hear me. The course takes 2 hours from 10 to 12 and my fidgeting and squirming took almost 1h 25 m. The next exercice was about waterfalls(at geography). ''OK, now this is torture, i can't take it anymore'', so i stayed there for like 5 minutes squirming again. 30 m left.

When finally I decided to ask my teacher, probably she will let me go to the bathroom since is her house not the school, i wasn't sure about it. So I raised my hand and asked her:

Me: excuse me, miss!

Her: yes?

Me: can i ask you something?

Her: sure, what's the problem?

Me: can I use the bathroom?

End of this part. The third part COMING SOON. Oh and the fat guy's POV will appear in the replies!

So, what do you think is her answer: she will let me go and have a good relief or she will make me stay in my seat to pee my pants and the chair?

*001*2018-01-26 19:03

Now this the fat guy's POV

Point of view of the big fat guy from the cinema:

Hello, I'm Stephan and I am into Omorashi since i was a kid. At kindergarten, i had bad teachers who didn't let me or the others to pee during periods, and I'm the one who ended up pissing himself all the time and I started to feel an arousal since then. But when I started school, do you think I was lucky?, i guess not. Also here i met some mean teachers who didn't let me pee and again I ended up peeing myself several times until the 5th grade.

And my arousal started to grow very quickly until it became the thing i can call now: fetish. But since I was denied for years and watching a lot of videos about this, I think i also became a denial relief person. From now on anytime when I see people needing to pee, i find an excuse to make them waiting until they lose control or just denying their request. I'm also a student teacher, so for me is like a opportunity to do that to the other students. I don't care if that person is or isn't into Omo, it's still more fun for me. I will feel a bit bad about the situation but I will feel better next.

From the age of 4, I always like to eat very much, that's why I'm so fat now. I'm 26 now.

One night, i was going to watch a movie at cinema but unfortunately I was at college that day and I had to stay there for 4 hours + 3 hours as a student teacher and it takes me one more hour to go home and the movie started at 18. And i didn't have time to watch the beginning so i came there at 20:40. I lost 2h 40m from the film. Initially I didn't have a plan on my mind to find someome who is desperate for the bathroom and do something to fool him like out of order toilet or stop him asking questions I don't know. OK move on.

When I entered the auditorium, it was almost 21, so I can watch the last remaining hour from the film. When I took my seat, I saw a guy wearing some tracksuit and noticed that he was squirming and holding his crotch. So i already realized that he needs to go to the restroom. And then I said ''this is another opportunity for me'', but I was thinking what should i do to make him wetting his pants. Oh i got it. I started by stretching my feet to the front chair so he can't pass and I pretend that I take a nap. Let's see what i got.

I heard him getting up and walked by asking me:

Him: excuse me, dude! Can you put your feet down so I can pass?

Me: (I ''woke up'') why?

Him: because I have to pee so bad since the beginning of the movie.

Me: sorry dude i'm too lazy, go in the other way

Him: there is a ''dead end street''. don't you see it?

Me: then you should've gone before. So my answer is NO

Him: but I really have to go

Me: I don't care

When I heard that he couldn't go in the other way, either, I was happy. He couldn't escape, and now is my opportunity to see him peeing. I stayed there for like 40 minutes in order to see his accident. I saw him squirming,holding his crotch,tapping his feet until he loses control. I could see a bit how his pee was going down his legs until he fully wet his pants and his snickers , and then I started to leave. When I got out of the cinema i started to scream with joy, luckily no one heard me.

As I said before, i felt a bit sorry about that but aftewards I feel better. And now I'm waiting for my next ''pee victim'' soon. I am so lucky that there's no law against denying someone to use the toilet, or else I would be in jail now. HA HA HA HA!!!

*002*2018-01-27 15:06

One mistake: *EXERCISES

*003*2018-01-27 19:31

{{On 26.01.2018 at 8:02 PM, Răzvan2000 said:

Black pantyhose

}}

By pantyhose, i meant tights

