Summer with Snape - Page 19

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*453*2012-07-23 06:00

I procrastinated with this chapter..I dont like writing about Quidditch lol...I tried my best, but oh well. I so cannot wait until the massive Christmas chapters. Alot can happen in 3 weeks..and its going to be Harry/Sev bonding all around. I'm super excited about that...Holiday for them will be starting chapter 78...since the next one is already written..enjoy guys.

Chapter 76

Harry woke up the next morning with excited butterflies in his stomach. It was his first game where he would have Snape as his dad and he was glad they weren’t playing Slytherin. He really wanted to make him dad proud and he hoped this would be the way to do it. Especially since he was good at flying and catching the snitch; he knew it wouldn’t be that hard. They were playing Huffelpuff and he hurriedly got dressed, waking Ron up in the process. After they had gotten dressed they went down to the common room and collected Hermione before heading to the Great hall.

The Hall was buzzing with excitement in anticipation of that day’s game and Harry grinned happily. As he sat down to eat he was more nervous and he found himself forgoing his normal breakfast of pancakes and drunk mostly his milk. He chanced a look at the Head table to see his head of house smiling but Snape was scowling. Harry shrugged, that wasn’t unusual in itself, so he didn’t worry about it. He absently drank his milk before switching over to pumpkin Juice. Sooner rather than later, the twins came to get him and they headed to the locker room.

“Are you excited Harry?” Fred asked as they walked into the locker room.

“Definitely,” he replied with a grin, trying to ignore the nervousness the closer it got to the game. Would Snape be cheering for him on the inside since he couldn’t show that he liked him? What if he messed up or something?

“You’ll do fine, and Snape will be proud whether or not we win,” George said quietly after staring at him for a moment.

Harry beamed at them before getting dressed for the game. As he listened to Katie’s pep talk he grabbed his broom ready for anything. He took a breath before mounting it as they exited the locker room and took to the sky. Harry hovered in the air, as Madame Hooch released the snitch.

“I want a nice clean game,” she said looking from both teams. But she had nothing to worry about; the lions and badgers weren’t a hostile group when they were together, unlike the lions and the snakes.

Harry took off as the game suddenly begin, dodging bludgers as he searched for the elusive golden ball. He was unsure of how much time had actually passed when he started to feel the familiar pressure in his stomach. Looking towards the scoreboard he saw that Gryffindor was ahead of Huffelpuff buy 70 points. He grinned, now all he had to do was find the snitch and the game would be over.

About 25 minutes when by and he still couldn’t find it, and he was shifting on his broom. It was uncomfortable, knowing that he could do nothing about it. He whined to himself as he slowly scanned the field looking for the snitch. The broom had added pressure on his stomach and all he wanted was the game to be over. Ducking out of the way of bludgers he dove up down and spotted something gold out the corner of his eye. Turning towards it, he shot after the snitch. He was focusing on nothing but catching that tiny ball.

His legs were crossed tight under his broom, reminding that if he didn’t want to disgrace himself in front of everyone he had better hurry up and catch it. As the ball lurched down, he followed in a risky Wronski Feint right after it. He reached out with his hand to grab it, but he couldn’t it was just out of reach. Groaning in frustration he hurried after it, his movements frantic now. He sighed loudly in relief as he hand closed tightly around the ball.

“Harry Potter had caught the snitch! Gryffindor Wins,” Lee Jordan yelled excitedly.

Harry smiled; unaware that it came out as sort of a grimace. He hurried down to the ground, holding the snitch up proudly. Harry handed the ball off to the Hooch and dropped his broom. He danced around as his teammates congratulated each other his hands balling into fists.

“I’ll meet you guys in the common room,” he finally said stiffly as his bladder contracted.

“Harry wait…”

“Don’t you want…”

“To celebrate…”

“With us?” Fred finished.

“I will in the common room,” he repeated before taking off towards the locker room.

He couldn’t grab himself, and though he wanted to see Snape’s face he couldn’t afford to at the moment. As he neared the door, he sighed in relief only to squeak out in shock and fear as he felt himself grabbed from behind.

“Harry relax mate, it’s just us,” George said happily before they lifted him on their shoulders.

“Put me down, I need to get down now,” Harry yelled loudly as he squirmed. He was so close to the toilet and yet he couldn’t go because the twins had him in their grasps.

“What’ the rush Harry? Snape will still be there,” Fred asked curiously.

“I gotta get down, please,” Harry whimpered all this jostling wasn’t feeling very good. He closed his eyes, willing himself to hold on longer.

“What’s the matter Harry? You can’t honestly think we’ll drop you?” George asked, looking appalled at the whole idea.

“I know you won’t please, I need to get down,” He repeated, tears filling his eyes now as he felt his boxers get warm and wet.

“Harry, what’s wrong?” Fred asked looking at him in concern.

“I have to get down,” he wailed before his body trembled as his bladder forcibly released itself.

“Harry why are shivering…” George trailed off as he felt something warm roll down his neck and then the back of his shirt.

He sighed softly, everything starting to make sense now. The way Harry was dancing when he landed, how he quickly ran away, and why he was heading towards the locker room. They gently set him down, George sighed softly, knowing Fred had figured it out as well.

Harry stood there sobbing as he wet himself, his pee spreading out in a puddle around him. He looked at the twins angrily, this was all their fault.

“I hate you,” he whimpered out before looking down at his wet state.

“We are so…”

“Sorry mate, we didn’t…”

“Realize that you needed…

“The loo, though we should have.” George said guiltily.

Harry sniffled, his good mood vanishing. He didn’t care about the party in the common room, or anything else. He just wanted to go lay in his bed, his real bed the one in his father’s quarters.

George pulled out his wand, flicking it at Harry, cleaning him up, before doing the same to him and his brother.

“Fred, you thinking what I’m thinking?” He said quietly.

“Yea, let’s go,” Fred replied, picking up Harry who immediately stiffened in his arms.

Harry didn’t say anything as he was picked up, he hoped they wouldn’t run into anyone. He didn’t want to explain why he was crying, or why he couldn’t stop the tears. He buried his head into Fred’s shoulder and sobbed quietly.

George sighed tiredly; they really hadn’t meant to make Harry have an accident. They were just super excited about the game. He led the way into the dungeons, glad they hadn’t run into anyone. Knocking on Snape’s office door, they had a sense of déjà vu as they were let in. He didn’t say anything until his Professor had spelled the door.

“What happened to Harry? Was he attacked again?” Severus asked, eyes narrowing in concern as he reached for his child.

“We um…we accidently made him have an accident,” Fred replied softly as he handed the boy over.

“When was this?” Severus questioned pulling a calming draught from his pocket.

“Just now, like right after the game. We just thought he was trying to get away from the party. We didn’t know he needed the loo,” George said, shaking his head in regret.

“I see, we’ll I’ll take it from here,” Severus said gently.

“Again, we are really sorry Harry,” Fred said before making their way out.

Harry didn’t look up until they left, his grip on his father never wavering.

“Harry, it’s alright it was an accident,” Severus said gently.

“I peed on them,” Harry whimpered out.

“What do you mean?” Severus asked softly.

“They had me on their shoulders and I peed on them,” Harry repeated softly.

“It was an accident and their fault Harry. No you don’t get to feel bad about this,” Severus said sternly.

“But I was the one who peed,” Harry weakly protested.

“Yes, but you were heading to the toilet, you were just intercepted.”Severus replied.

Harry sighed softly but he didn’t answer, he was still feeling ashamed.

“I was proud of you today Harry,” Severus said softly.

“You were?” Harry asked in shock.

“I was, you did very well.” He replied.

“Thank you,” Harry beamed happily.

“You’re welcome,” Severus replied. “Where do you want to spend Christmas Harry?” He asked.

“Could we go back to the Manor?” He asked shyly.

“If you’d like,” Severus said easily.

“I want to have a real Christmas,” Harry said softly.

“Then a real Christmas you shall have,” Severus said gently.

Harry grinned happily; he couldn’t wait until he told his friends. This really was turning out to be the best year ever, now he just needed to know what Snape wanted for Christmas.

*455*2012-07-23 09:26

{{:

Lalalalalalalalalooooooove <3 DUNDUNDUNDUN! Sirius is COOOMING!

}}

Yea he is defintly coming...they better prepared lol

{{:

This has really become a great epic tale!

}}

Thanks dude, I'm glad your stil enjoying it so much

{{:

Awesome.

}}

Glad you think so...thanks so much for reading

{{:

Poor Harry, alwasy getting into situations and good ol' Snape helping him out! I love the pairing. You know that.

}}

Still..its great to hear it every now and again..really glad that everyone still loves the story.

*460*2012-07-24 23:28

Hi bet this a surprise, but I felt like it...kinda bored at the moment, so I figured why not. Enjoy and all that, Christmas begins..Next Chapter..and yes..Sirius is making an appearance next chapter its gonna be fun.

Chapter 77

Harry frowned as his bladder once again sent urgent signals to his brain but there was nothing he could do for it. Last night Sirius Black had tried to get into Gryffindor tower and everyone was freaked out; his dad the most. Even though he tried not to let Harry know that he saw through his mask. He groaned silently as he looked to his head of house. If you needed the toilet, you had to be escorted by a teacher, and there was no way he was asking.

He mused it was very similar to last year when the Chamber of Secrets were open. He had double potions after lunch today and he hoped that he could hold it until then. He knew his dad would let him use his office toilet. At the moment lunch was after Transfiguration and usually he would make a stop with Ron but unless he wanted the whole class to wait on him he was screwed. He tried to keep his fidgeting to a minimum and he did but the downside was his stomach felt like it might explode.

As it neared the end of class Harry's lower stomach was hard and exceptionally full. He walked to the great hall with his class and he found himself seeking out the toilets but he couldn’t go. Sitting down next to Ron who was loading his plate, Harry didn’t feel as hungry. How could he eat if he had this kind of pressure coming from his stomach? He more or less played with his food, ignoring the gaze behind him and his friend inquires as to what was wrong.

"I’m not very hungry is all," he murmured finally.

"Are you feeling sick again?" Ron asked.

"No, I’m ok just not hungry like I said," he repeated.

"Well if I were you I would try to eat something. Snape is scowling more than usual," Hermione said casually, knowing Harry would catch on.

Harry grimaced before turning to some soup and pouring some in his bowl. The liquid was good, and he found himself finishing it quickly. He grabbed some bread turning to glance at Snape to see a subtle nod. Harry turned back to his friends happily. He had forgotten about his bladder until lunch was over and he stood up. He grimaced at the unbelievable pressure in his tummy but didn’t say anything.

Harry kept his gaze down as they walked with the snakes down the dungeons. As the neared the classroom and passed the toilets Harry wished that someone else had to use it as well, but no one did. He didn’t speak up, and soon enough they had arrived at the classroom. Harry walked in with his classmates, feeling wretched as he took a seat. He was unaware that his face was the picture of misery and more than a few people had noticed.

"Harry, what’s the matter?" Ron whispered, not oblivious that Snape was also paying close attention as well.

"Nothing," he lied, his stomach was hurting. Was it possible for your bladder to explode?

"If that’s true, then why do you look like someone hurt you?" He pointed out.

"I don’t," Harry weakly replied.

"Yes you do. Do I need to get Snape?" He hissed.

"No, don’t do that Ron," Harry said quickly.

"Then spill, “he said firmly.

"I didn’t get a chance to use the toilet yet," Harry whimpered out.

"When’s the last time you’ve gone?" Ron asked with dread in his stomach.

"This morning when I woke up like you," Harry replied painfully.

"No I went during Herbology." Ron said sheepishly.

"What do you mean? Why didn’t you tell me?" Harry asked a bit hurt.

"Because it was spur of the moment. Professor sprout sent me and Neville to her office. You remember? And we both took advantage." Ron replied softly.

Harry turned his gaze away from his friend, blinking back tears. He wasn’t sure from what they were from. He bent to get his quill and hissed in pain from his stomach.

“Harry it wasn’t like that, you weren’t done with your assignment,” Ron tried to explain.

“Leave me alone,” Harry replied resignedly.

Ron looked at his friend, he didn’t know Harry had been suffering, but he should have. He sighed loudly trying to figure this out, when he felt Snape behind them.

"My office Potter," Severus said sternly. He had figured that Harry wouldn’t speak up, especially if the whole class had to wait on him. He knew that Harry would rather hold then have someone find out, Damn Durselys. Severus was angry at the whole situation. If Black thought he was getting Harry he had another thing coming.

Harry slowly walked to his dad's office gingerly taking a seat. A minute later the man himself walked in and stared at him.

"Harry go use the toilet," he said wearily.

He didn’t bother asking how the man knew, before hobbling into the loo. He unbuckled himself quickly and positioned himself, feeling his stomach fuller then he ever felt. As he lifted himself out he heard his father go back into the classroom. That was fine with Harry, as he sighed in relief at the thought of being able to let go he suddenly looked up in confusion. He really had to go, but nothing was coming out.

"What’s going on?" He said in confusion and fear as he tried to push his pee out.

Why couldn’t he pee? He groaned, taking a few more minutes trying to relax but he couldn’t. He could have cried as he walked back into the classroom. He took a seat, sniffling to himself. He had a chance to go and he couldn’t. He looked down at his book, as his Professor talked.

"Harry do you feel better?" Ron murmured carefully, wondering if Harry was still feeling hurt.

"Yes," Harry lied, his voice wavering as he spoke. He didn’t want to talk to Ron; he was just tired of everything.

Ron looked up at his friend and frowned.

"Liar, why didn’t you pee?" He said angrily.

“It’s none of your business,” Harry retorted.

“You’re my best friend, that makes it my business,” Ron replied with narrowed eyes.

“That doesn’t mean anything, stop talking to me,” Harry hissed out.

“Tell me, or I’m getting Snape,” Ron threatened.

Harry glared at him for a moment, before ducking his head. He stomach was so full; it was actually hurting more now. He felt like he might explode, though he couldn’t. Why couldn’t he go?

"I couldn’t, it wouldn’t come out. It really hurts too," Harry admitted tearfully.

"Oh my Merlin, you’ve held it for too long." Ron said knowingly.

"What do I do? I have to pee," Harry whimpered.

"It helps Ginny when Bill or Mum massages her stomach," Ron replied.

"But no one can help me," Harry pointed out with a groan, as he wiggled around in his seat.

Harry hadn’t even been able to button his trousers back up; his stomach had made that impossible.

Ron didn’t answer that though he stood up and walked to his teacher’s desk.

"Mr. Weasely," Severus drawled with narrowed eyes.

"I need to talk to you, outside." Ron said swallowing fearfully as those dark eyes gazed back at him.

"About what? Trying to flake out on your assignment," he taunted.

Ron flinched but shook his head. "I need to talk to you," he said again.

"I fail to see where that’s my problem," Severus said though inwardly he was thoroughly curious.

"It’s an emergency," he pleaded.

"Weasely’s gotta pee!" Someone yelled out, before the class laughed.

Ron blushed but his gaze didn’t leave Snape’s.

“Is that true?" Severus asked softly.

I just really need to talk to you sir," he replied tiredly, he said bouncing slightly. He hoped the man would take the hint and think he did.

Severus nodded before walking out the classroom, expecting the boy to follow suit. Outside the classroom he spelled a privacy charm and looked at the redheaded boy.

“Ronald do you need the loo?” Severus asked immediately.

"No it’s Harry that’s dying to go," he said quickly.

"That’s not possible; he was using the loo when I left." He replied.

"He tried. But he held it too long and he says it hurts but he can’t pee," Ron said stressfully.

"He’s going to hurt himself," Severus said in shock.

"Not on purpose, he said he tried to force it out but it didn’t wanna come. He’s gonna cry, I think it’s really painful now," Ron said softly.

"Thank you Ronald I will take care of it. 10 points to Gryffindor go take your seat."

Severus said canceling the spell and walking back to the classroom.

Harry swiped at his eyes angrily. Wishing he could go pee. His stomach was taut and super full.

"Mr. Potter, my office now," he said sternly.

Harry winced at the tone but hurried to comply. He stood rather then sat once he arrived sniffling as he held himself with two hands. Snape came in a few seconds later.

"Let’s go to the toilet," Severus said before walking to it.

"I can’t go," Harry cried softly.

"I will help you go," he promised.

"How will you do that?" Harry asked curiously.

"I'll show you, unbuckle your trousers," Severus instructed.

Harry did just the pulling them down and staring at his father sadly.

Severus sighed before pulling the boxers down as well and setting Harry on the toilet.

"No dad I’m a boy," Harry said trying to get off the toilet.

"Trust me Harry I am aware," he said dryly.

"Why do I have to sit then?" He asked in confusion.

"The relief is going to weaken you," he murmured before gently massaging Harry's stomach. He leaned over and turned on the faucets.

Harry trembled on the toilet closing his eyes as his bladder contracted painfully.

“Oww, oww, daddy owwie,” Harry whimpered squirming as he tried to unconsciously hold it all in.

"Don’t fight it," Severus muttered

"It hurts though," Harry cried out, trying to pull his dad’s hand away.

“I know it does, just relax for me ok child,” Severus said speaking calmly, as he continued his motions.

“Oh…dad…I…,” Harry tried to speak before shuddering once more as his pee poured out of him forcibly.

Severus continued his massage, not wanting Harry to accidently clench up.

"Ahhh," Harry sighed out as he peed.

"Never are you to hold it this long again." Severus said sternly.

"I would’ve gone but everyone was gonna know," Harry weakly protested.

"Why didn’t you go when Longbottom went?" He asked quietly.

"Because I was still working on my plant and she told him to get a certain book. I didn’t know they were going to use the loo," Harry sniffled.

"Alright I’ll take that. You should have gotten me at lunch or Minerva," Severus replied.

"I’m sorry dad," Harry said softly as his stream still going strong.

"Don’t let it happen again," Severus said enunciating every word.

“I had to go a lot,” Harry said in awe as he listened to it hitting the water.

“Yes, I daresay you would have nearly flooded the classroom had you wet yourself,” Severus replied wryly.

“I don’t want to have an accident,” Harry said shaking his head.

“I know that silly child, I was just stating a fact,” Severus replied. “Are you almost done Harry?”

“Yes, I think,” he said closing his eyes to hold in the rest. He didn’t want his dad to get annoyed that he was taking too long.

“Stop that Harry, not at all what I meant,” Severus said feeling the clenching of his muscles under his hands.

“Sorry,” Harry said sheepishly as he released the last of his wet.

“Good boy,” Severus remarked before standing up as Harry finished.

Harry stood up and pulled his clothes up before flushing. He felt so much better.

"Wash your hands and come back to class," Severus said before walking out the loo.

Harry nodded before shaking his head. "Wait," he called.

"What do you need Harry?" Severus asked leaning on the door.

"Can you…clean my face?" Harry asked, his eyes were red, obvious that he was crying.

"No, sorry Harry We need it as proof. You’re going to walk out of here like a sullen child," Severus instructed.

"But dad I don’t want them to laugh at me," Harry said quietly, his eyes filling up again out of hurt and the humiliation his dad obviously wanted him to have.

"They won’t, they all know how I can be," he promised before turning around and walking out his office.

“Dad,” Harry cried out, before quieting. He tried to wash his face with cold water, but it was no use, Resigned to his fate, Harry walked out of the man’s office with his head low, as he made his way to his desk.

“Took you long enough Potter, do I need to remind you of how to tell time in detention?” Severus said snidely.

Harry’s head snapped up, as he looked at his father sadly. His expression was sad but he shook his head slowly.

“No sir,” he replied softly before taking his seat.

Draco looked at his Head of house in confusion, why was Potter crying? What had the man done to him? Could no one else see the Lion’s red face? He looked at the other boy uneasily before shaking his head; he still had to give that letter to Potter. He frowned, before turning back to his potion.

Harry didn’t say anything to anyone as class ended, it wasn’t like he could run out like usual. He had to stay with the whole group, while Snape escorted them to the great hall, or something. It sucked all around. He couldn’t wait until next week, it was winter Holiday and he was ready for it. At the moment, he was tired of pretending, he hated that he had to pretend to hate Snape and vice versa.

As Snape walked out first, Harry frowned deciding to be in the back this time. He didn’t want to see his dad, though no one was making fun of him he didn’t like the glances he was getting. He sighed before pulling from his friends, and straying towards the back. He was thinking about everything when he realized that Malfoy had lingered back as well. He fingered his wand as his heart picked up, but he glanced up to see Theo not too far from him and he relaxed a bit before turning towards the blonde boy.

“Can I help you Malfoy?” He asked quietly.

Draco was uncomfortable, one about being this close to the boy and the other he was completely out of his element. Malfoys didn’t apologize, yet he had done it to the Weasleys and was about to do it to Potter. What was the world coming too?

“I wanted to give you this,” Draco said with a sigh before holding out the envelope.

“What is it?” Harry asked warily.

“A letter,” Draco replied, resisting the urge to be sarcastic.

“From who?” Harry asked in confusion.

“Me,” Draco answered.

“Why?” Harry asked carefully.

“I owe you an apology,” Draco said formally.

Harry colored as he remembered the incident before seeing red. He got in trouble for retaliating for that, and Malfoy got nothing. Harry sighed; it was the story of his life. He didn’t say anything but he did take the letter. Shoving it into his pocket, he shook his head and hurried up towards his friends.

*466*2012-07-27 04:37

Hey guys, you guys rock...reviews always make me want to update faster..Give me a moment, I will reply to each one..im just kinda tired at the moment. Anyways here is the begining of the Christmas Chapters..This one is super long...but as someone said up above, not to apologize for it so I wont. Enjoy though :)

Chapter 78

Harry was excited, it was finally Christmas Holidays and he and Snape were going to head back to the Manor as soon as everyone had left. He had wished his friends goodbye, they were taking the train back but he wasn’t. He was waiting near the castles door watching his friends take the carriages to Hogsmead. Harry smiled as they left and was in the process of turning around and going back into the castle when he saw it. It was a big, black dog and it was just staring at him.

Having no experience with dogs, not unless you count that menace Ripper, Harry was a bit wary. Still he found his Gryffindor courage and walked towards it slowly. As he walked towards it, he was hoping this didn’t turn out to be a bad idea as he didn’t want to get bit. His dad would not be happy about this that’s for sure. Harry stood still as the dog walked over to him and sniffed him. He relaxed when he saw the dogs tail wagging and Harry sat down next to him and petted him.

“Sorry I don’t have any food,” Harry whispered softly as he ran his fingers through the dogs fur.

Harry noted it was really thin; probably a stray and he had an impulse to keep him.

“Do you want to come live with me? I’m sure my dad won’t mind maybe,” Harry said excitedly.

Harry looked at the dog as he whined, but he didn’t know why. Harry stood up about 15 minutes later not wanting to get left or something and prodded the dog up as well.

“Come on, let’s go see if my dad will let you stay with me,” Harry said walking towards the castle.

Harry wished he had a leash or something as the dog didn’t seem to want to come to castle with him. Harry frowned as he looked at it before looking sadly at the ground.

“That’s ok; you don’t want to come with me. I get it,” Harry said sadly before turning and walking towards the castle alone. He didn’t bother to turn around to look for it, as he walked through the big doors he felt something bump into his legs. He turned around to look at the dog in shock.

“What are you doing? You don’t have to come with me,” Harry said pitifully.

The dog just stared back at him but didn’t say anything so Harry shrugged before walking into the castle. He could hear the animal behind him but he didn’t care at the moment, as he headed to the dungeons. The dog was pretty silent and he soon reached their quarters, where he let himself in. He didn’t bother to take off his coat, knowing that they would be leaving in a few moments anyway.

“Dad are you in here?” Harry called out, looking back at the dog curiously.

“I’m in my lab Harry, I’ll be just a moment,” Severus replied.

Harry turned towards the dog in horror as it started growling when it heard Snape’s voice and Harry quickly reassured him.

“Quiet, that’s my dad, if you bark at him he probably won’t let me keep you.” Harry said frantically.

Thankfully the dog quieted and Harry took a seat on the chair the dog at his feet. As his father came out of his lab he quickly made his way over to him.

“Dad, can I talk to you?” Harry asked quietly.

“Of course Harry, is something the matter?” Severus asked concern in his voice.

“No, but I found something. And dad he was so skinny, and he remind me of how I looked at the Durselys, and can I keep him?” Harry said quickly.

It took Severus a moment to decipher exactly what Harry said and he got a sense of dread in his stomach.

“Keep what?” He asked carefully.

“I found a dog,” Harry said proudly, before patting his thigh and said dog walking towards him.

Severus kept his face neutral as he stared at the dog, who looked pretty menacing from where he was standing. He was all set to say no when he got a look at Harry’s face and sighed.

“Enough with the puppy dog eyes Harry,” he said warily. He was a sucker to Lily’s eyes no matter whether her son had them or she did.

“Can I keep him? Please daddy, I’ll take care of him and everything,” Harry promised.

“You may care for him for the remainder of the holidays, but he’s far too obedient to be a stray. I think he may belong to someone, after Christmas break we will see and then we will go from there,” Severus explained.

“Ok, thanks so much dad,” Harry said happily. “Are we flooing now?”

“We are, go get your things so I can shrink them,” Severus said.

Harry nodded running to his room and grabbing his duffel bag, he didn’t need to bring his trunk, and there wasn’t a point.

“Dad; can you take me Christmas shopping this week? I have to get presents for everyone,” Harry asked excitedly.

“Of course child, “Severus said allowing a small smile to grace his face.

“Could we also…maybe get a tree?” Harry rushed out.

“It wouldn’t be a proper Christmas without a tree now would it?” Severus said with a nod.

“My first Christmas with my dad, I’m so excited,” Harry beamed.

Severus grinned before picking accioing the floo powder.

“Did you want to try to floo by yourself now Harry?” Severus asked casually.

“No,” Harry said quickly.

“But I need to floo with the dog,” Severus explained carefully.

“I can come with you both,” Harry said his eyes worried.

“It’ll be a tight fit,” Severus replied, trying to push Harry to floo alone.

“Then come back for me.” Harry pleaded his eyes filled with fear.

Severus sighed before nodding his head in defeat. “Come on boy,” he said gesturing to the dog.

Harry frowned, knowing his dad was probably disappointed in him. He bent his head down, his lower lip trembling. He was a coward; he didn’t deserve to be a Gryffindor. He couldn’t even floo alone, he was so weak.

Severus looked at the dog, which looked like he dragged himself to him before conjuring up a collar and putting it on him. He looked up to Harry to find his son on the verge of tears.

“Hold on Harry, what’s the matter child?” Severus asked in a concerned tone.

“I’m sorry daddy, I’ll floo alone,” Harry said blinking the tears back.

“It’s alright child, I shouldn’t have pushed you,” Severus replied with a shake of his head.

“But I’m a Gryffindor, I’m supposed to be brave,” Harry replied tearfully.

“We will talk about the definition of bravery when I return. I want you to go pee before I get back,” Severus said firmly as he grabbed the dog and climbed into the fireplace.

Harry didn’t say anything as his father disappeared into the fireplace. He angrily wiped the tears from his eyes. He didn’t see the reason to use the toilet, not because he didn’t feel like going but because they were only going to the Manor.

Not much could happen in like 5 seconds could it. Harry waited patiently for about 5 minutes until his dad came back. He didn’t say a thing; he just grabbed the man and silently held onto him as they disappeared in the flames. He opened his eyes and was just about to head upstairs, when his father called him back.

“Not so fast Harry,” Severus said casually.

“Is it time for our talk?” Harry asked quietly.

“I’m holding that off until tonight, for the time being I would have thought would want to pick out our Christmas tree today.” Severus explained.

“Omigosh, really dad?” Harry said excitedly.

“Yes really,” Severus said before ushering him out the floo room and towards the front door.

“We’re going into the muggle world to get a tree, it’s by far the best experience,” he said simply.

“That sounds great dad, can…can I bring the dog?” Harry asked softly.

“If you must,” Severus said quietly. Truthfully he didn’t want the mutt around, when he had flooed in without Harry, the dog had growled so severely at him Severus was afraid he would attack him.

“Come here boy,” Harry called, laughing as the dog nearly knocked him over.

“You can’t keep calling him boy, name him if you will. That however doesn’t change a thing on where he stands,” Severus warned as he got into the car.

“Dad how far is tree place we’re going?” Harry asked as he put the dog in backseat, climbing in next to him.

“About 2 hours away or so,” Severus replied as he started up the car. He didn’t think to ask if Harry needed the toilet because he had assumed the boy had listened to him back at Hogwarts.

“Wait, I need to go get something,” Harry said quickly. He wanted to get his game boy, but most importantly he wanted to use the loo. He hadn’t gone when his dad told him and he didn’t want to get his father angry.

“You’re talking about your game right?” Severus asked.

“Yes sir,” Harry replied.

“I got your game bag,” he replied passing it back as he pulled out of the driveway.

“Thanks dad,” Harry replied before pulling out said item. He leaned on the dog, allowing the warmth to sooth him as he started his game up. Losing himself in the game, he barely noticed the time going by and soon enough they were there.

“Come on Paddy,” Harry said as Snape parked the car and Harry got out. Harry looked at the dog curiously as he sat on the seat looking at Harry. He mused silently that if dogs could look shocked, Paddy would have.

Severus handed Harry a leash he had conjured up, and Harry nodded his thanks before attaching it to the dog’s collar. Harry laughed as Paddy licked his face and turned and reached for his dad’s hand.

“Do we have ornaments at home?” Harry asked softly.

“A lot, you will be surprised by how many decorative items we have, and that’s not even including the magical ones,” Severus said leading Harry towards the tree lot.

Harry gasped audibly as he looked at the many trees, he couldn’t wait to decorate it. This was barely the first day of break and already they were getting a tree. He had no idea what Snape had planned but that didn’t matter, he trusted the man whole heartedly.

Severus prodded Harry forward trusting the dog to protect him; he wasn’t blind to see how the dog watched the boy. At times, Severus was sure that the dog was trying to refrain itself from attacking him. He couldn’t figure it out, but since the animal had yet to do anything ill towards them he would let it go. It was already overprotective of Harry, and he found himself hoping that it didn’t belong to anyone.

“Dad how about that one?” Harry asked, pointing to a small scrawny tree.

“Do you really want that tree Harry?” Severus asked plainly. “I can afford the best for you; do not simply pick something because you believe it is too much.”

Harry embarrassedly shook his head; he still had times where he could barely believe this was real. Sometimes he found himself pinching his arm just to be sure he wasn’t dreaming.

“Use your words,” Severus said patiently.

“No dad I don’t want it,” Harry said softly.

“Then go find a one that you do,” Severus said kindly.

Harry grinned before tightening his grip on Paddy’s leash and hurried ahead of Snape so he could properly pick out a tree. He spent about 30 minutes picking out one and by then he was subtly shifting from foot to foot. Ignoring the warning voice in the back of his mind he looked around for Snape.

“Dad I found a tree,” he called loudly, looking around.

“I’m here Harry,” Severus said looking across from him as he gestured to one of the workers that they were ready.

“Dad is it to big? Do you think it will fit in the Manor?” Harry asked excitedly.

“Of course it will fit you silly child,” Severus said easily.

“Good,” Harry replied happily as he watched the man setting the tree up.

“Come on along Harry, so I can pay for it and you can have a treat,” Severus said reaching for his hand.

Harry grabbed his father’s hand as they headed to the front of the tree lot. He grinned as his dad handed him a cup of sweet hot chocolate, and he nearly moaned in pleasure. It was yummy and it warmed him right up; which was good as the snow had nearly frozen his nose. Harry took a seat on the bench as he waited for his dad, sipping his hot drink in delight. He couldn’t ignore that he needed the loo anymore, especially as he was adding more liquid to his bladder.

Harry leaned against his father as the man took a seat, not wanting to ruin the moment. They watched as the men loaded the tree on the top of the car and secured it before informing Snape that it was ready.

“Finish your cup of cocoa and we’ll go,” Severus said, it was getting dark and he wanted to be home before it got too late.

“Yes sir,” Harry replied trying to drink quickly, which he nearly got a scalded tongue for his troubles.

“I didn’t mean rush,” Severus gently admonished before spotting to go cups near the stand. Grabbing one and putting Harry cocoa in it, he gave it back to his child.

“Thanks dad, this is brill,” Harry replied as he looked over the cup.

“I know, let’s go child,” he said as the snow lightly started to fall again.

Harry nodded before getting back into the car. He buckled up and absently drank his cocoa as he looked out the window.

“Harry, why did you name the dog Paddy?” Severus asked curiously.

“Well I was going to name him Padfoot, but my doggy is already called that. So Paddy works,” Harry said simply. He looked curiously at the dog who had gone silent at his explanation. Harry looked at him warily unsure of why he was so quiet now.

Severus shrugged as he got back on the roadway, well he didn’t have to answer to that silly name so it didn’t bother him much.

“We need to stop at a store to get him some food,” Severus said.

“Can we do it tomorrow?” Harry asked quietly.

“We can, but any reason why?” Severus asked curiously.

“No,” Harry said weakly, his left leg bouncing as he placed his empty cup in the cup holder.

“Is the something the matter child? Are you feeling ill?” Severus asked worriedly.

“I drank too much cocoa,” Harry said softly.

“You feel sick then,” Severus said misunderstanding as he handed Harry a paper bag, along with a vial of stomach soother.

Harry swallowed the contents of the vial but he set the bag on the floor, as he tried to discreetly hold himself. He whimpered softly, attracting the attention of Paddy who nudged his leg softly. Harry looked up, wondering if Snape would be mad, but he knew already wetting in the car, on their first day was a way to get grounded. He really didn’t want that, especially as they had a tree to decorate.

Harry wiggled around in his seat constantly as the urge to pee got stronger. It got to the point where he couldn’t even keep still and more than once he could feel his father's eyes on him.

"What’s the problem Harry?" Severus finally asked.

Harry didn’t want to admit that he had foolishly disobeyed his father by ignoring his request for his own good. He didn’t want to have an accident either that was a sure fire way to be grounded. He had to speak up.

“Umm…,” Harry trailed off trying to think on his feet.

“What is it Harry?” Severus asked glancing in the front mirror to look at his son’s worried face.

“I…I think Paddy’s gotta go pee,” Harry said anxiously, his hand tightening in Paddy’s fur by accident.

“What makes you say that?” Severus asked, inwardly groaning. He was already looking for a place to pull over as soon as he could.

“He was moving around a lot, and he keeping looking at the door as if he wants to get out,” Harry said half lying.

"I see," Severus said with a sigh.

"Are you gonna stop dad?" Harry asked quickly.

"As soon as I can," Severus replied honestly.

Harry ignored the gaze in Paddy's eyes. He could see in those eyes that there was disapproval at his lie. Having been raised with muggles, Harry didn’t think this was unusual. He didn’t know enough about animagus to know that his dog was one. His father wasn’t paying that much attention so they were both unawares.

"Dad, are you going to stop?" Harry asked again unable to stop himself. His desperation was driving him crazy.

"I am, though I am curious about something. You said Paddy was in need of relief, but how come you failed to mention that you needed to relieve yourself as well?" Severus asked casually as if he was discussing the time.

Harry stared at his father in horror before looking down at his lap and shrugging. He thought about denying but that would be pointless not to mention a waste of time. It was only his dad and he wasn’t embarrassed.

"I thought you’d be mad," he finally admitted.

"Now; why in the world would you think that Harry?" Severus asked curiously. “You just consumed a large amount of cocoa, and the last time you used the loo was hours ago." He said easily.

Harry nodded before wincing. "Where are you going to stop dad?" He asked.

"At this upcoming rest stop, is that gonna be ok Harry?" Severus asked, trying to judge on how bad his son had to go.

"I think so," Harry whimpered as he moved around.

Harry sighed before burying his face in the dog’s fur again. He had his legs crossed tight when his bladder started to contract.

"Daddy," he moaned loudly.

"I know Harry, give me a few minutes," Severus said speeding up a bit.

"Oh I need the loo, I need the loo!" Harry yelled out desperately.

"Just hold on about 10 minutes more," he said gently.

"I can’t, I gotta go now!" He said sniffling.

"Harry I don’t understand why you have to go so bad so soon," Severus mused, starting to get more and more concern.

"

I forgot to go when we left Hogwarts. You didn’t give me a chance to go at the manor," Harry explained.

"Because I thought you took my advice and gone at school." Severus said frowning.

"I know I’m sorry, I didn’t know we were getting a tree right away." Harry whispered.

"That’s quite alright," Severus said as the rest stop came into view.

Harry groaned as he held himself between his legs, the dog's eyes turned to one of concern. As the car parked Harry had just unbuckled himself when his door opened and his father was soon lifting him out.

"Come on Paddy," Harry whimpered out, the dog obediently following them.

Severus didn’t comment on it, locking the door and hurrying towards the single restroom. He was in the process of shooing the dog towards the trees when Harry tightened his hold on him.

"What is it?" Severus asked.

"What if he leaves? What if he thinks we'll leave without him?" Harry said his right hand unconsciously squeezing himself constantly as he asked.

"He won’t, come on before you pee on yourself," Severus said firmly as he opened the door.

Harry wiggled down watching Paddy run for the trees before his dad shut the door. He bent at the waist before walking the quick distance to the toilet. Crossing his legs he tried to unbuckle his jeans, getting freaked out the more he struggled.

Severus was watching from the door, waiting for Harry to ask for help if at all.

"Daddy help; I can’t do it," Harry finally called out as he jumped up and down.

"Calm down child," Severus said bending doing to undo the trousers.

"Hurry up, please," Harry begged.

"Alright," Severus said undoing everything and quickly turning Harry around.

"Oh thank Merlin," Harry said sighing in audible relief as he slid down his boxers and started peeing.

Severus was waiting patiently by the door for Harry to finish. He was deep in his thoughts and was a bit startled when Harry's voice suddenly pierced them.

"Dad am I in trouble?" Harry asked softly as he finished up.

“Have you done something I don’t know about?” Severus asked with a wryly smile.

“No, but for almost not making it,” Harry said sadly.

“You’re fine Harry, I for one should have been clearer on why I needed you to use the loo in the first place.” Severus explained. “Wash up so we can go get that mutt,” Severus said affectionately.

Harry grinned before doing what his father said and running outside. He called to Paddy and they all got back into the car and headed home.

*474*2012-07-31 07:37

{{:

I just read this and let me say this is amazing!!! It's well written, has an amazing plot and Harry Potter. WOW. So good please please continue!!

}}

Thanks so much :) I'm glad you enjoyed it, dont worry I am :p

{{:

Loved these past few chapters--so great! Love that Harry and Snape have some time to spend together over Christmas, and it's so interesting how you've stuck them with Sirius as well! Two characters who both are like fathers to Harry under the same roof will surely lead to some drama, even if Sirius is stuck as Padfoot for the duration of his stay. Great work :D

}}

I know so am I..I love Harry/ Snape bonding too :p...I just needed Sirius to see Snape in a loving role..so when shit hits the fan with Peter..Harry wont be in danger of being taken away from his dad..But I am so glad that you're still interested in this..I'm totally paranoid that I'm writing for myself lol

{{:

I AM FREAKING OUT RIGHT NOW! OMG OMG OMG OMG THAT WAS AWESOME! Please update soooooon!

}}

I'm so glad you liked it...I figured bringing Sirius would get reactions lol..:)

{{:

Omg I can't believe how you worked Sirius into this that is utterly brilliant! :D I can't wait for more!

}}

Thanks I'm glad it came across as well..I'll update in a moment :)

