Doctor Wet meets May Frond - A sci-fi watersports adventure

Author: misslunaswift

*000*2014-02-14 21:14

A glimpse at my latest story. Let me know what you think. May Frond meets Doctor Wet when he invites her into a portaloo that's bigger on the inside than the outside. Oh and it also travels through space.

More details here.

Chapter 1 - May Frond and the Wet Doctor

“Your name is May Frond? Seriously?”

“That’s what you want to focus on? We’re about to die and you want to talk about my name?”

“We’re not going to die. I’m going in here. Coming?”

The gate splintered. We had seconds at most before the dogs made it through. I wanted to know who this stranger was who seemed to have appeared from nowhere but I was more concerned by the animals that seemed intent on tearing me to pieces.

“Are you going to join me or what?”

I turned to see him disappear inside a portaloo, the door swinging open as he leaned back out. “I knew a May Frond once. It was a while ago now. Met her at a party. Anyway, are you coming? Only I’ve got to get going.”

The gates bent inwards and the head of a huge dog lunged through the gap, teeth bared as it struggled to reach me.

“Is there room for me too?” I asked as I ran to the portaloo, stumbling as I stepped inside, falling and sliding along a steel floor. A steel floor that shouldn’t have been there.

I looked up. “Where the hell am I?”

“Ah, yes, should have said. It’s not a normal portaloo.”

“You’re not kidding.” We were inside some kind of huge room, walls towering up above us. Consoles and levers lined the walls and a number of archways led off into darkness. It couldn’t have looked more like a spaceship if Patrick Stewart had appeared in front of me with a phaser in his hand.

I climbed to my feet and moved to the door, stepping back outside, trying to work out what was going on. I ran round the portaloo as the dogs continued hurling themselves at the gate. It gave way with a crash and they hurtled towards me as I leapt back through the portaloo door, pulling it shut behind me. I leaned against it, panting for breath and trying to calm myself down as the man pressed buttons and turned a ship’s wheel sticking out from the wall.

There was a rumbling sound and the floor began to shake.

“What’s happening?” I asked, grabbing onto a handrail and hanging on to save myself from falling.

“We’re taking off of course. So tell me, how you end up with the name May Frond?”

“Why, what’s your name?”

“People tend to call me the wet doctor.”

I burst out laughing, unable to control myself. “You’re mocking my name when you’re called the wet doctor? Grow up in a pond did you?”

“I like wet things.” He glared at me, the smile slipping from his face just as a roaring sound filled the air.

“Hang on Frond!” he called out, pressing buttons beside him before running to the other side of the room. “We’re stuck. No, no, no! The engine needs reconstituting. I’ll be back.”

He ran down a set of spiral stairs into the depths below us, leaving me alone. I took the chance to think over out what the hell had happened to me in the last hour.

I’d begun the day with one job. I’d been booked over the phone for a stag party at lunchtime. Standard stuff, or so I thought. I turned up in my usual policewoman uniform, pretended to arrest the groom and then handcuffed him to his chair. I stood on the table above him, pulling open my white shirt but leaving my hat and tie on. When I buried his face in my chest, he gagged and for a moment I thought he was having a heart attack. Turned out he’d just come, I mean I was only topless and he’d lost it already. I felt sorry for his bride to be. His eyes looked vacantly at me, almost as if he was hypnotised.

I carried on the act, wanting to make sure I still got paid. I planted a kiss on the groom’s cheek and then got to my feet, towering over him whilst the others cheered. I lifted my black miniskirt to reveal my lack of underwear. The groom gasped and I thought he might have been about to come for a second time. But he managed a smile, even as his cheeks burnt bright red.

I planted my feet on the edge of the table and thrust my hips towards him, trying to remember the lines of the poem I’d been told to recite.

“Mickey, Mickey, you’re about to marry

Here’s a memory for you to carry

You need the lipstick gone from your last kiss

So Constable hotpants will wipe it with piss”

It wasn’t a great poem but then I hadn’t written it. I spread the lips of my pussy and tried to shout above the drunken noise. “Are you going to come quietly?”

I was about to pee on him, not the normal way I end my act but they’d paid me an extra hundred to do it and I really needed the money. At that point it all went mad. The man started thrashing, trying to escape his handcuffs, an inhuman scream emanating from his throat.

A tiny spray of pee escaped me, hitting his face and making him scream even louder. A sparkly gold dust seemed to pour out of his throat and then I noticed a gleaming dot in the air, hovering by his mouth before a drop of my pee hit it and it darkened, vanishing forever. At that moment the door at the end of the room opened and a furious woman appeared, holding two massive dogs at the end of chains. They growled at me as she screamed for silence. I managed to clench my muscles and hold in the rest of my pee, no longer sure what the hell was going on.

“Stop! Don’t you dare pee on him!”

I pulled my skirt back into place, ignoring the slight ache from my bladder as it struggled to hold back the piss I’d been about to let go. I climbed down from the table as I buttoned my shirt back up, not an easy thing to do.

“Where’s the wet doctor?” the woman asked as I walked the length of the table. The silence around us was deafening. I stopped at the end of the table and faced her, trying to avoid the snarling dogs.

“I said, where’s the wet doctor?” The woman was struggling to hold the dogs as they strained to reach me, ready to tear me to shreds.

“I need my fee,” I said, looking down at the guy who’d hired me. He refused to make eye contact. “And I’ve no idea who you’re talking about.”

“Maybe this will help you remember him,” the woman said. I looked down to see the chains slip from her hands. The two dogs raced towards me and I turned and ran, almost tripping over my feet in my haste as I jumped out of the open window and into the yard. I pushed the window closed behind me as the dogs crashed into the glass. I noticed a length of wood leaning on the wall and managed to lean it against the window, helping keep it shut. The dogs took one last look at me and then disappeared back into the pub. I sighed with relief, thinking the woman must have got them under control.

“Good afternoon officer.” I turned round to see a man emerging from a portaloo. “Care to join me in here?”

There was a growling sound and something slammed against the gate to the yard. I realised the dogs had run round to try and reach me again. I swore under my breath as the man came to stand beside me.

“What’s your name?” he asked, straightening his tie as he stared up at the clouds, seemingly indifferent to the sound of growling and snarling.

Chapter 2 – Amy Frond and the Goldazoids

Thinking back, maybe he came along at just the right moment. At least I was safe in here, although where here was, I still didn’t know.

I could hear hammering coming from far below me as my breathing slowly returned to normal. My bladder reminded me of its presence, sending painful signals to my brain as I paced round the room. I wondered if there was a toilet somewhere I could use. The tunnels leading away from the room all led to locked doors when I checked them. Here I was inside the only portaloo in the world that didn’t seem to have anywhere at all for people to pee.

“Frond, come down here,” the man shouted. I headed down the stairs, desperation increasing with every step. By the time I reached him, I was absolutely bursting for the toilet.

“I should explain,” he said, his head appearing from under a mass of wires, screwdriver in hand. “They weren’t people and that wasn’t a real stag party.”

“What was it then?” I asked, crouching down to talk to him as he worked.

“That was a goldazoid in there. Well a pair of goldazoids actually. Nasty creatures.”

“What?”

“Goldazoids. They’re about the size of a full stop but when they get inside a host and take over it’s only a matter of time before everyone on the planet gets infected. I found out about them just in time. Tracked them down but couldn’t risk them recognising me. I needed someone to bring them out of hiding.”

“Me?”

“Exactly. I hired you for the party. Sorry about that.”

“How did you know your plan would work?”

“Goldazoids have one major weakness. Urine is fatal to them. I hoped you’d find the goldazoid but you found two of them. And killed one. Well done. Now brace yourself. I think this should do it.”

He twisted a green and red cable together and then climbed back out, leading me up the stairs back to the console room. “I’m going to need your help Frond. We’re about to disturb the remaining goldazoid. She’ll be back at her office by now. But I need something from you.”

“I need something too. Is there a bathroom in here anywhere?”

He pushed a lever and a rumbling sound began. We were moving once more. “Perfect.”

“I said…”

“I heard you.” He grabbed my hands in his and looked into my eyes. “We’ve got five minutes to save the earth and it’s vitally important you hold in your pee. Can you do it Frond?”

There was an enormous bump, the whole place shook and I fell into his arms. He held me for just a moment too long, our eyes meeting. “We’ve landed,” he said, pushing open the door. We stepped out into an office. I had no idea how we’d got here but there was no time to ponder things. The portaloo looked quite out of place in here. We seemed to have interrupted a meeting as everyone turned to look at me, including the furious woman from the pub.

“You,” she hissed, running towards me. “You killed my love, my all.” She lunged at me but the wet doctor pushed me aside with lightning reflexes. The woman stumbled into the portaloo and the wet doctor grabbed me, pulling me in after her and slamming the door shut before anyone else could even move. He flicked a switch, there was a rumble and we were flying again.

The wet doctor was on his back and the woman was straddling him, holding his arms against the floor. “Help me Frond,” he called, panic flashing across his face. “Piss on her, now!”

It was the order I’d been dying to hear, my bladder ready to burst. I lifted my miniskirt, revealing my bare pussy to the wet doctor, his eyes widened at the sight.

To be continued here...

What do you think so far? Can you tell I watch sci-fi?

*002*2014-02-15 09:26

{{: 

Wow, I really liked this story. I can't help thinking it's a shame Frond will get to pee already 'though. I love the concept of having to cut off a much needed pee and would have loved to see Frond struggle to hold it longer.

}}

Consider it done! Here's the redrafted version based on your wonderful feedback. Hopefully it brings out more desperation for you along with her struggle to hold it in. If nothing else this'll show the difference between first and second draft!

Chapter 1 – May Frond Meets the Wet Doctor

“May Frond?” Seriously?”

“That’s what you want to focus on? My name?” I winced as the dogs headbutted the gate again, desperate to reach me. “We’re about to be torn to pieces, I’m about to wet myself and you want to talk about my name?”

“It’s just I knew a May Frond once. Long time ago now. Well, for you it is. It was last week for me.”

“We’re going to die!” I grabbed him by the shoulders and shook him back and forth. He gently removed my hands and brushed his jacket back into place.

“We’re not going to die. We’re going on a trip. Care to join me?”

A wooden panel in the gate splintered. We had no more than a few seconds before the dogs made it through. I could see the whiteness of their teeth as they gnawed at the rotten wood.

“Join you where?” I asked, backing slowly away across the yard.

“In here.” He disappeared into a portaloo, the door swinging open as he leaned out. “Are you really May Frond?”

A portaloo was just what I needed. I had been desperate for the toilet ever seen being forced to stop myself peeing about five minutes ago. The hinge of one of the gates broke freeze, bending the whole thing out of shape. The head of a dog lunged through the gap, teeth bared as it snarled at me, still fighting its way through.

I ran for the portaloo, stumbling as I stepped inside. I winced, expecting to bang my head on the chemical toilet inside but instead I found myself sliding along a steel walkway. A long steel walkway that couldn’t possibly be in there. I looked up and couldn’t believe what I was seeing.

“Where the hell am I?”

“Ah yes,” his voice came from somewhere nearby. “Should have said. This isn’t an ordinary portaloo.”

“You’re not kidding.” I climbed to my feet and tried to take it all in. I was in some kind of huge room, walls towering over me to a ceiling twice as high as the pub I’d just left. Consoles and levers lined the walls and a number of archways led off into dark corridors. It couldn’t have looked more like a spaceship if Patrick Stewart had stepped into the room with a phaser in his hand.

I leaned my head out of the door, still struggling to comprehend what was happening. Had I passed out when I fell? My bladder ached for relief, that felt real enough. The dogs were still forcing their way through the gate. With an awful rending sound, the gates collapsed to the ground and the dogs lunged for me.

I screamed, stepping back and pulling the door shut. There was a thud as the dogs hit the other side.

“Is there a lock for this thing?” I asked, holding the door shut in my hand.

“Doesn’t need one. Nothing gets through nano-glue.”

There was a rumbling sound and the floor began to shake under me. “What’s happening?” I asked, grabbing a handrail to keep myself upright, my knees rubbing together as fear added to my urgent need to pee.

“We’re taking off. So how did you end up with the name May Frond?”

“I was born in May and my dad studied botany. Anyway, I don’t even know your name.”

“People just tend to call me the wet doctor.”

I burst out laughing, unable to stop myself. “You’re mocking my name when you’re called the wet doctor?”

“That’s not my name. It’s just what people call me.”

“Why?”

His head appeared from round one of the consoles. “I use wet things to save the world.” The smile slid from his face as a roaring churning sound filled the air, black smoke pluming from under my feet.

“Hang on Frond,” he called out, frantically pressing buttons as he ran to a set of spiral stairs and sprinted down them out of sight below us, leaving me alone. “Just need to reboot the engine matrix. Won’t be a mo’”

I took the chance to pace up and down, moving my hand up my miniskirt to press it against my crotch, dancing around in my desire to hold in my pee. I wondered why the wet doctor hadn’t commented on my police uniform. Especially the tight black miniskirt and bare legs. Or the too tight shirt. Did he know I was a strip-a-gram?

My mind ran back over the room I’d been in what felt like a lifetime ago. Had he been in there? It had been dingy, a back room in a pub in a decidedly dodgy area of the city. I’d been booked over the phone for a stag party. Standard stuff. I was to turn up, tie down the groom, strip and go. But then the guy on the phone had offered me an extra hundred to pee on the groom. It wasn’t my normal kind of thing but I did need the money.

I turned up at the pub in my usual outfit. I’d drunk a bottle of water on the way over there, not wanting to get stage fright and be unable to perform for them all. By the time I was shown into the room, I was bursting to pee, my bladder overfilled.

I tried to ignore it as I started my act.

“Michael Jones?” I asked, frowning and folding my arms.

He nodded from the end chair, his face looking vacant. Just how drunk was he?

“I’ve come to arrest you for having the smallest cock in the county.”

Everyone cheered round the table but he looked strangely uninterested. I didn’t worry too much, I’ve performed to people almost unconscious before. I handcuffed him to his chair and jumped onto his lap, grinding against him as my skirt rode up to the delight of the rest of the audience.

I climbed onto the table and pulled open my white shirt, exposing my breasts to him before bending down to rub them in his face. He still didn’t react. Was he ill? He gagged once and I thought he was having a heart attack or maybe choking on his food.

“He’s already come,” someone shouted. “She’s only showed him her tits and he’s lost it already. I feel sorry for Lori!”

Lori? I knew that name. Where did I know that name from?

I carried on the act, wanting to make sure they got their money’s worth. I planted a kiss on the groom’s cheek. His skin felt strangely cold and clammy. I suppressed a shudder as I got back to my feet, lifting my miniskirt to my waist to reveal my lack of underwear.

The groom gagged twice and I wondered if he’d come again as I planted my feet on the edge of the table, balancing with my hips thrust towards him. I tried to recall the lines of the poem I’d been told to recite, my bladder crying out for me to let out the lake of pee inside me.

“Mickey, Mickey, you were going to marry

Lori, the lost memory, wrong for you, I suggest Larry

From the wet doctor, sealed with a kiss

Here’s Constable hotpants with a great big piss

It wasn’t a great poem and it made no sense to me but then I hadn’t written it. I spread the lips of my pussy apart and tried to make myself heard above the din. “Are you going to come quietly?”

At that point, everything went mad. I was just relaxing my bladder when the man went mad, thrashing in his handcuffs, fighting to escape, an inhuman scream emanating from the back of his throat. A tiny spray of pee escaped me, hitting him in the back of his mouth and making him scream even louder. A tiny gleaming dot of something seemed to fly out past his tongue, hovering in the air by his nose. All this happened in less than a second.

A drop of my pee hit the dot and it dimmed. There was a tiny shriek the like of which I’d never heard before and then the dot vanished. At the same moment a woman threw open the door at the end of the room and screamed. “Stop!”

I turned to face her, the rest of my pee automatically held in at the sound of her voice. I felt my bladder screaming at me and I squirmed on the spot as she strode round the side of the table and stood next to the groom. I recognised her. Was that…Lori?

“How dare you piss on a goldazoid?”

Her voice sounded strange, deeper than I remembered. It was as if she could barely speak English, struggling to get the right words out in her fury. She whistled and two enormous dogs trotted into the room. They flanked either side of her and sat back on their haunches, growling up at me and baring their teeth.

I stood on the table, feeling very exposed all of a sudden. I tugged my skirt back into place and began doing up my shirt buttons as she glared at me. “Where is the wet doctor?”

“I’ve no idea what you’re talking about,” I said, climbing down from the table and hoping the fear I felt wasn’t visible to her. “But I’m not leaving without my fee.”

“Where is the wet doctor?” she repeated. “Tell me and you will live.”

“I don’t know any wet doctor,” I repeated.

The woman clicked her fingers and the dogs lunged for me. I stumbled backwards, past the table and out of the open window, falling into the dingy backyard outside. I clambered to my feet and managed to push the window closed as the dogs crashed into it, cracking the glass and fighting to get through to me.

“Here, use this.” Someone passed me a wooden board and I was able to wedge it against the window, keeping them at bay, for now. The sound of snarling stopped. They’d gone. I was almost jumping up and down with nervous energy, fighting to prevent me wetting myself.

I turned to see who had helped me. There was nobody there, just a portaloo that looked very out of place, surrounded by broken picnic tables and empty beer barrels. The door to the portaloo creaked open and a man leaned out, smiling at me.

“Good afternoon officer,” he said, glancing at my police uniform. “Care to join me in here?”

There was a growling sound and something slammed against the gates leading into the yard. The dogs must have run round to try and reach me this way instead. I swore under my breath as the man came to stand next to me.

“You look as if you need the toilet,” he said, straightening his tie as he stared up into the clouds, seemingly indifferent to the snarling and yelping as the dogs fought to get through. “Care to use mine?”

“What?” I asked, hardly believing anyone could be this calm. I felt a drop of pee escape me and clamped my hand between my legs to stop anymore escaping.

“What’s your name?” he asked, running his hand through his hair as I winced at the sensation of another drop of pee leaking from me.

Chapter 2 – Amy Frond Meets the Goldazoids

Good points. I’m safe. Sort of. The risk of being torn limb from limb is still present. We couldn’t stay in this portaloo for ever after all. But at least for now I was safe. Bad points. Black smoke is still spreading round the room. I’m in the company of someone who’s clearly mad and I’m absolutely bursting for the toilet.

I could hear hammering coming from far below as I paced the room. I tried walking down the corridors to find a toilet but they all led to locked doors. I seemed to be inside the only portaloo in the world that had nowhere for people to pee. I considered going on the floor but the steel walkways were covered in holes and who knew where it might drip down to.

“Come down here Frond,” the man shouted up to me. I ran down the stairs, feeling the pee inside me sloshing around, fighting to escape. By the time I reached him, I would have given all the money in the world for a bucket, a pot, anything to pee into.

“I should explain.” His head appeared from under a mass of wires, screwdriver held in his hand as he looked up at me. “That wasn’t a real bridegroom up there.”

“What was he then?” I asked, squatting beside him to talk. In this position I gained a little relief from the pain I was in but I noticed the wet doctor kept glancing down, no doubt noticing my lack of underwear. I kept my knees stuck together, protecting my modesty.

“He…it…that was a goldazoid. Well a pair of goldazoids as it turned out. Wasn’t expecting the other one. Nasty creatures. Glad you could help. Ow!” He winced as a spark flew out from a wire near his head. At last the pluming smoke began to dissipate from around us and the air smelled fresh again.

“What’s a goldazoid?” I knelt down, tensing everything I could to hold in my pee for just a little longer.

“Goldazoids? Think of them as tiny little fleas. They sit at the back of the throat of a host and take over. Takes a long time at first but then it’s only a matter of time before they infect others around them. A few more days and the planet would be brimming with them. I found out just in time. Managed to track them down but couldn’t risk them recognising me.”

“Why not?”

“Hold this.” He passed me an oil covered bolt as he screwed something into place. “They’d have gone into hiding. It took long enough to find this one. I’d noticed it at a party. There was a May Frond there. Steve Markingham’s 21st. Do you remember?”

“I…that was ten years ago. You were there?”

“I nearly caught one but it escaped. I took Lori with me to try and protect her when he infected her. I thought it had worked but I was wrong. I should never have let her go. Now we have to find her, get the goldazoid out before it infects anyone else. We have to kill it.”

“How?”

“Goldazoids have one major weakness.” He pressed a wire into a console by my feet and smiled as it fizzled out. “Typical. Anyway yes. Urine is fatal to goldazoids. Well sort of. It has to be female urine and it has to come from someone who loved them.”

“But I didn’t love that man in the pub.”

“He’d not been infected long. Lori has been in the thrall of that goldazoid for years. And you love her don’t you.”

I almost collapsed to the floor. How could he possibly have known how I felt about her? It had been years since I’d even spoken to her. In fact the last time we were together was at Steve’s 21st.

The wet doctor twisted a red and green cable together and then climbed back out, running up the stairs to the console room. “I’m going to need your help Frond,” he called down to me. “Want to help me save the world?”

“Can I use a bathroom first?” I called back as I followed him up the stairs.

“Perfect,” he replied. “You’re bursting to pee, right?”

“How did you guess?”

“That’s why I’m called the wet doctor. Anyway, hold it in for a moment. We’re nearly there.”

“Nearly where? We’re still in the yard aren’t we?”

He grabbed my shoulders and looked into my eyes, unblinking, deadly serious. “We’ve got five minutes to save the planet and it’s vitally important that you hold in your pee. Can you do it Frond? If we don’t stop her, she’ll call down the rest of the goldazoids and the planet’ll be overrun. We have to get to that transmitter!”

There was an enormous bump and the whole thing shook. I fell into his arms, gasping as a trickle of pee ran down my legs. I wasn’t going to be able to hold it in much longer.

“We’ve landed,” he said.

“Landed? Landed where?”

Running over to the door, he pushed it open and I gasped. We weren’t in the pub’s backyard anymore. We were in a house. We were actually in someone’s front room. And was that…Lori?

*005*2014-02-27 00:00

{{: 

I'm with Ola93, the 2nd version is awesome. Just bought it, you are amazing, please keep it up!

}}

Glad you liked it!

