Equestria Girls (My Little Pony) Wet-a-Thon - Page 3

Author: Slater

*053*2018-09-16 01:14

The time I put into my creative projects are kinda limited, and time is important to me. So I just have a hard time justifying doing something without knowing it'll have some kind of audience outreach.

*056*2018-09-28 07:35

Oh yeah. I came up with 3 different stories but don't know which to use. Yes, in one story, Diamond or Silver Spoon (but not the other) have an accident that isn't really seen by anyone but the other "makes" it and likewise gets away scotch free.

Plus my laptop had some huge problems from the stupidass new Windows 10 update and I'm having to reinstall everything and rescue all my stuff.

These stories I write I pretty much do in one go, in the middle of the night. Then I come back the next night (or later after a break), read it over once to clean up a little, and then post. But the last in particular had to be typed on my phone. I knew there were probably errors.

I'll be working on the next chapter, on my laptop, I'll try and make it cleaner.

*058*2018-12-17 10:54

STORY 7: SILVER TIARA SHOW

The next day, the school was a buzz of discussion about the students who had already wet themselves. Haughty spirits above it all, Silver Spoon and Diamond Tiara came to school with the new outfits for the upcoming talent show. They decided to do a "quick change" magic show, putting on different layers of clothes and, only partially or briefly hidden from the audience, change into brand new outfits instantly. Today was another practice day.

They went to their first three classes as per the regular schedule, and then met up for practice before heading off to lunch. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary. On their way to the storage area backstage, they gossiped and talking about things they overheard or saw in text messages. Behind the curtains of the stage, they moved into a closet to change.

Diamond and Silver Spoon had luxurious taste in everything they owned, including their expensive, designer clothes inside and out, like the tight but smooth silk satin underwear and bras they had. Diamond wanted to look her best, even in the locker room, so she preferred red velvet with a complex glitter design. Silver Spoon had blue boyshorts with a light rainbow sequin trim around the waistband and matching sequins on the straps and outline of her bra. The expensive undergarments were probably worth more than three or four entire outfits for anyone else.

Both of their core pieces were junior circus tuxes. They had small top hats and white gloves, but the colors differed. Diamond’s tight bottom shorts were gold sequins and her tux was gold trimmed while Silver Spoon’s was silver just the likeness to her name.

After getting changed, they pulled out a rolling box as part of their show, which included an escape act. They went through the motions and discussed how they could improve. Meanwhile, they both began to feel the need for the bathroom. While neither would admit it, both would have to go a little urgent before lunch. Soon, they couldn’t stand much longer and a few minutes till lunchtime, it was a perfect stopping point.

“Hey, I think we should probably call it a day,” Diamond suggested.

Silver Spoon nodded as she began to step side-to-side. “Yeah, good idea.”

But they heard voices coming in. Nobody was supposed to be there! Their secret act could be revealed! They both pushed the rolling box into the storage room and hid inside. They listened to the discussion get louder, accompanied by about three pairs of footsteps. Someone was in the auditorium and moving towards a side door leading to backstage.

“Naturally, the Gr-r-r-reat and Powerful Tr-r-r-rixe should require optimum staging preparation if she is to win the talent show! She needs the dimmest of lights, and must ensure that she can prepare the auditorium in absolute secrecy!”

Trixie was walking around the place with Vice Principal Luna and Microchips so she could ensure making her preparations without interruption or discovery. But the principal spoke up. “Trixie, you do understand that it is required for all magic talents to explain and demonstrate their trick beforehand so that we know nobody is in danger? In short, all acts have to be preapproved.”

Trixie gasped as if offended. She pointed a finger to the sky. “Trixie does not reveal her secrets!”

“Well then,” Luna folded her arms. “I guess Trixie won’t be performing in the talent show.”

“Fine then, Trixie accepts your requirement.” She looked around. “But first, we must make sure there are no eavesdroppers snooping about to ruin Trixie’s greatest performance!”

Luna rolled her eyes as they walked backstage. There would be just enough room in the rolling box for Diamond and Silver to stand together and be barely comfortable, but part of their set had a little shelving inside. Diamond had a leg crossed between Silver Spoon’s as her head was cramped up in a corner while Silver Spoon unwillingly cradled her friend in her arms. For stability, her left hand gripped the handcuffs chained inside for the act.

Principal Luna huffed an annoyed sigh as she saw the escape box on wheels lying out in the open with the closet door behind it swung open. She mumbled, “I thought I told them to clean up after themselves when they’re done practicing.” She walked up to it and pushed it back into the closet and shut the door. As she did so, Silver Spoon was jerked around and in readjusting her hand, accidentally snagged it in the handcuff.

The two girls trapped inside could barely hear the voices, but it was Trixie explaining how she needed to prep the auditorium. An argument ensued followed by Trixie sighing in anger and opening the closet. She began pulling things out that weren’t on a shelf or box marked to reserve for another student's act. Diamond Tiara and Silver Spoon tried to stand still and quiet. Trixie found a large assortment of cords, dragged them out, and began preparing the stage and, with help from Luna and Microchips, the rest of the auditorium. The closet door was shut again.

“Get us out!” Diamond hissed.

“I can’t! The top is locked, I’m handcuffed in, and the key is outside. Why don’t you open the trap door?”

Diamond pressed and strained. “I would, but the closet door must be closed on it.”

Silver Spoon wiggled herself and felt Diamond’s knee dig into her crotch. “Maybe—maybe we can shift the box away—from the door!”

Diamond shook her head. “It’s no use, one of the wheels are locked! We’re stuck!”

After a long thirty minutes or so, Trixie begged Luna to continue finishing the preparations, but Luna insisted on waiting for safer ladders to be brought back and that she needed to return to other duties. Trixie hoped to get out of algebra, but in her pout admitted she was tired and they left the auditorium. Silver Spoon bit her lower lip as she began to tense up and shake her legs, extreme desperation kicking in. On their normal, daily pee schedules, the two of them would’ve relieved themselves half an hour ago. Their bladders were objecting to this unusual strain.

“Diamond? I have—I have to go to the bathroom.”

Diamond Tiara flicked her hair as she pressed a palm into her own crotch. “Yeah, me too.”

“What if we can’t get out?”

“We’ll get out. We better. Come on, maybe we can shift the wheel lock off.”

The two girls began slamming themselves to and fro in attempt to accomplish something. If Vice Principal Luna had come back there without Trixie, they would’ve been content quietly making their presence known and asking for a secretive escape. But such didn’t happen and they were struggling to get out of the cramped compartment.

Diamond began to sweat in her tux costume, gripping the edge of the handle and pushing and shoving with greater and stronger effort, almost ready to break their most needed prop. She felt a sting of warmth slip into her expensive, red velvet panties.

Silver Spoon kept fidgeting with her ponytail laced over her right shoulder while nervously adjusting her glasses. She tried moving her legs around to close them tighter, but the way she was bent over, there wasn’t a lot they could do. She felt a spit of warmth exit her young slit and make a tiny puddle on the near waterproof material of her blue boyshorts. “D-d-d-diamond?” she whimpered, "Can you let me cross my legs over yours? It’s getting really hard to hold!”

Diamond was super reluctant. To twist her body to allow that would mean spreading her legs dangerously wide. Their desperation was quickly escalating. “Well, I—I don’t think so. I have to keep this position, and I think this is a good—compromise!”

Silver Spoon started crying. “I have to go so, so, so bad! Omigod, I have to—I…”

“I swear, if you pee on me you will regret it!”

Silver Spoon kept shifting her weight in a desperate attempt to do something to alleviate the throbbing urge bulging against the waistband of her tight blue boyshorts and silver bottom half of her outfit. She was blushing and trembling profusely, tucking the white-gloved fingers of her free hand up into her clothes as the other was jammed in the handcuff. With what little light was shining through, she was looking down at Diamond’s thin, light lavender leg which was also shaking about, her heel rapidly rattling on the floor.

Suddenly, Silver Spoon bent over and started squealing as she tapped both feet. “Oh, it’s coming, its coming, no, no, no, no!”

“Silver Spoon! Don’t you dare!”

Silver felt a sickly lurching sensation rise up. She pinched her face, closed her eyes. “Ah, ah, ah—ah—ahhhhh!”

It was over. Pee popped out of her, the steaming liquid filling up in the luxurious, satin silk blue boyshorts. She was still trembling for a few seconds as it was exiting, but she stopped and started breathing deeply, continuing to whine and huff and plead. She moved her free hand up against her chest, feeling her developing breasts under her tux and sequin-lined bra rise and fall, reminding her she was too old for this. “No,” she whispered, “no—no.”

Diamond Tiara closed her eyes and waited for the inevitable sound of pee splashing on her leg and the bottom of the box, but no such sensations came in touch or hearing. She dared to open her eyes. Silver Spoon’s tight blue boyshorts and their material, along with the tight hemline of her bottom piece were like a waterproof barrier holding in the liquid perfectly and cupping it against her private parts. Silver gasped and put the gloved hand to her mouth as she felt the rising, hot piss angrily press against her expensive underwear and outfit, creating a monstrous puddle around her crotch and butt. Her pee stream was rushing directly into the secret, hidden lake like hose inside an overflowing bucket.

When Diamond realized what was happening she saw the rising expanse press and squeeze against Silver Spoon’s delicate legs, but then her bottom piece was starting to sag, showing the sequin lining of her underwear’s hemline, which shortly also started falling down.

“Silver! Your underwear! Pull it up before it goes everywhere!”

Silver Spoon reacted quickly, gripping the partly soggy edge of the hem with her free hand and yanked upward, sloshing it about. She was still forcefully peeing and she felt a little streak escape down her left leg, then a little trickle down her right leg from the strain. She watched on as the outfit continued filling up like a balloon filling with water, it was now reaching the top of her waistline.

“Stop it!” Diamond demanded.

“I—I can’t stop! Hmmmmm!” As she whined, it began to barely trickle over the waist of her hem, her fingers feeling the warmth licking her nails.

Then the bottom hem of her underwear split and a second later so did her bottom piece. Pee literally exploded. It was like a second line of relief that she was no longer sitting in her own warm, diapered bathtub around her crotch and butt, but it gushed and went everywhere instantly. Diamond gasped as she felt it smack onto her leg, hearing Silver’s hot liquid splash with the sound of a falling pot of water, hammered hard and strong onto the bottom of the box and quickly patter out onto the floor of the closet. Silver’s legs and Diamond’s left leg, their white socks and black shoes were over-drenched in just seconds.

But she wasn’t finished, her feminine, light grey slit freely spit its contents onto the floor in a continuous hard splatter like a rain gutter. On and on she peed, stiff and sniveling, continuously for another forty seconds, as she kept whispering the word “no”.

When she finally finished, Diamond was still struggling to hold onto her load, her leg bouncing rapidly as she squeezed her thighs shut, feeling pee not her own wiggle down that wet leg in drips. “Silver Spoon!” She yelled before slapping her friend in the face, then backhanding her, then slapping her again, causing the girl’s glasses to fall off into the puddle below. Silver Spoon cried, but Diamond berated her. “Serves you right, you baby! I told you not to pee on me!”

“Bu—bu—but I couldn’t help it! I’m so sorry!” Silver Spoon put her wrist up to her eyes and tried wiping her tears as she sobbed.

They heard a muffled voice from outside. “Hello?”

Tiara’s eyes filled with diamonds of hope as she heard the voice get closer. “Oh, golly, I think I was right! The auditorium is haunted!”

“Derpy? Is that you? It’s me, Diamond Tiara! Let me out, it’s an emergency!”

Silver Spoon held her breath and gasped a bit at the prospect of being seen in her current state.

Derpy trembled and stepped back. “Oh no, the ghost sounds like Diamond Tiara! It wants me to think its Diamond Tiara! Unless, huh, uh,” her eyes were straightened a moment in a shock of horror. “Diamond Tiara IS the ghost!”

“I’m not a ghost! Open the door!”

Derpy gingerly opened the closet door, allowing Diamond to in turn open the door to the box, filling it with light and exposing Silver Spoon who blushed a hard pinkish-red glow. She twisted a leg to try covering up her exposure as Diamond Tiara ran out. But Derpy didn’t even seem to notice Silver Spoon and grabbed Diamond Tiara by the wrist and pulled her back.

“Wait, we first have to make sure you’re not a ghost so you can't go on haunting other students!”

The school bell rang. Diamond was in panic mode and hit Derpy on the arm as she was being dragged out of the auditorium. But Derpy didn’t seem to notice much. She pulled Diamond Tiara down the steps, where one shoe was still filled with Silver Spoon's pee, squelching with every step into the hallway which was now filled with students.

“Hey, can somebody help me?” Derpy looked left and right trying to stop someone.

Bulk Biceps was nearby and noticed his friend trying to get help. He marched up beside her and shouted. “QUIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIET!” He looked around. “Yeah!”

Diamond’s eyes grew as her pupils dimmed. She was trembling and shaking with a huge number of students looking directly at them. She was beginning to regret leaving Silver Spoon behind. Her urge was so desperate, she was afraid she would pee just from taking a few steps. She was stunned in place, her golden bottom piece and red velvet silk underwear could fill with pee any moment.

“Oh, uh, hello everyone! I need to know if Diamond Tiara, or what uh, looks like Diamond Tiara, is a ghost or not.”

Applejack laughed. “Derpy, if she were a ghost, you wouldn’t be able to touch her.”

“And besides,” Twilight Sparkle added tipping up her glasses, “ghosts have yet to be scientifically proven to exist. Even if they did, their manifestation wouldn’t be anywhere near as solid or colored.

Derpy let go. Diamond composed herself and took two steps forward.

Derpy looked puzzled. “But why are you dressed like that?”

Diamond stopped. Her lip quivered. “Uh—uh—what?” she looked down. It was happening.

Derpy poked her in the shoulder. “You weren’t wearing that earlier today, I’m pretty sure I would’ve noticed.” She giggled and flicked her finger up and down the edge of the tux’s collar and its sequins. “It’s pretty.”

Applejack walked up. “Something the matter, Sugarcube? Cat got your tongue?” As she bent down she noticed Diamond’s gaze and followed it to below her waist. Diamond grasped the bikini-like bottom of her outfit with both hands as they were swelling with her urine steaming up around her waist. She was still as a statue, feeling the pee begin licking down her legs. Applejack saw the expanding bulge. “Huh?”

With the white gloves, Diamond lost her grip, the golden bottom split at the seams on the side and fell with a water balloon ker-SPLAT! The crowd of students gasped and backed away as her shining, super soaked red velvet panties were exposed, pee gushing all over her legs from the sagging, frilly hems as the wet swirling glitter design shimmered extra bright in the light. Her mouth gaped open and she put a hand to her cheek and another on her forehead.

While she continued peeing and flooding and soaking her legs and adding to the pee between her feet turning into a lake on the tile, students started speaking, some were laughing, and several were pulling out their phones to take pictures and video. The uproar was so loud, Diamond couldn’t even hear the multiple streams jettisoning out around her legs hitting the ground and her shoes anymore.

When she finished, Diamond dared to look up and around, the students still laughing and taking video. She whimpered and started crying so hard she couldn’t see their faces anymore. She turned to run.

Derpy felt bad. In fact, she felt like it was her fault. She believed she should be punished. “Oh no, what I have done?” She began to rack her brain, literally by hitting her head, trying to figure out how to make it up. She could try collecting all the cell phones, but that wasn’t practical; she couldn’t hold them all. And the other students might not like that. Then she remembered Silver Spoon and went to go check up on her.

“Oh, oh, I know how to make it up to her! Why, I can wet myself embarrassingly.” She let out a goofy chuckle. “I haven’t done that in a while. Ooooh, this is going to be so embarrassing! I just started a list of guys I might ask to be my partner on the camping trip, and I’d probably lose every single one of them.” This made Derpy so sad, but she was determined to do this.

