Pokémon wetting

Author: CharliAce

*000*2011-08-24 18:05

Note: Charlie is a male Charmander and Ace is a male squirtle

First post, critique much appreciated! :)

###

It wasn’t long before Charli was fidgeting and squirming as him and his partner Ace trawled through the dungeon. He had to use the bathroom already, as he’d drunk so much beforehand. “Stupid, stupid mistake…” He muttered.

“What’s the matter?” Ace asked, noticing Charli’s obvious discomfort.

“Nothing, I just had an itch. Aren’t we supposed to be rescuing scyther anyway?” Charli snapped.

“Yeah…Sorry I asked…Hey, the stairs are just there!” Ace exclaimed, avoiding the subject.

Ace bounded towards the stairs, Charlie shuffling behind, now crossing his legs slightly. By the time they’d cleared a few more floors, Charli’s desperation was apparent. He had his legs tightly crossed with his hands jammed between them, claws pressed tightly against his crotch. He was now bent over, slowly taking baby steps to avoid leaking. He’d nearly reached his limit, and they weren’t even half way to finding the lost Pokemon…

Several floors later, Ace decided to settle the matter, he couldn’t stand seeing his friend in such discomfort.

“Charli…uh…do you have to…go?” Ace timidly asked, tilting his head inquisitively at the poor struggling Pokémon.

“Y-yes, actually…pretty bad…how many more floors did you say until we find Scyther?” He stuttered.

“Let’s see…Oh, only 1 more now!” He chirped “Can you make it that long?”

“Yeah…I sh-should be able to” he stammered, as he was hit with an urge that forced him to jam his claws even tighter into his crotch, holding back the flood. “Let’s just hurry…I don’t think I’ll make it for much longer”

By the time they reached Scyther, Charli was a state. His muscles were clenched so tight he was shivering, sweating and barely able to walk, the urge was so strong he was surprised he’s made it even this far. He crossed his legs tightly, trying to soothe his aching bladder by sitting down.

They turned to find Scyther doubled over in what looked like pain, legs tightly crossed.

“Oh Gosh, are you hurt!? Don’t worry, we’re here to help!” Ace shouted, rushing towards the apparently injured Scyther.

“N…not quite…” scyther murmered “I’ve been in this dungeon for so long, and…I erm…I need the bathroom…pretty badly” He managed to stammer out. Unlike Charli, Scyther didn’t have the pleasure of jamming his hands between his legs or he’d damage himself, and as he tried to stand some pee escaped, jutting onto the floor in a warm splash. The sight of this made Charlie do the same, as he felt warm pee escape between his claws and trickle onto the floor he tightened his muscles and doubled over. Tears filled the Scythers eyes as he said “I-I’m so sorry, I didn’t…Oh God what will I do”

Ace placed a comforting hand on the Pokémon’s shoulder and said “It’s OK, my friend’s pretty desperate too so you’re not the only one in this situation. And who’s here to see anyway? Everyone experiences this sometime.” He smiled reassuringly, but jumped back suddenly as he felt warmth at his feet. Scyther sobbed dejectedly as pee gushed out, forming a wide puddle on the floor. This lasted at least a minute, Scyther sobbing the entire time.

When he was finally finished, he looked up at Charlie, tears still in his eyes. Charlie was at the point of bursting after watching that display, lay on the floor curled in a tight ball.

“I-It’s no use, I have to go NOW” He snapped. Slowly standing up, he shuffled to a deserted corner of the dungeon. “Don’t follow me!”

When he was sure no-one was around, Charlie finally opened the floodgate. A warm stream gushed between his legs, as he threw his head back in pleasure at the final feeling of relief. When he was done, he turned around to see Ace and Scyther staring. Ace turned a vivid shade of pink as he exclaimed “I..ER…I Didn’t…I…I’m sorry!! I just….”

“Let’s just head back” Charli sighed. This was the last long dungeon he’d ever visit, even if it held the team back…

