How to Summon the Water God

Author: Quackduck

*000*2021-12-27 08:43

Sila squirmed uncomfortably as she worked in the mine, anxiously feeling the end of her shift coming soon. Having drank almost a full jug of blessed water, her bladder was really full. It was the first time in a long time that she wasn't thirsty, that she had a surplus of water rather than dirty rations of it.

As soon as the sun went down, her and the other miners put down the pickaxes and left, Sila a little quicker than the others. Instead of going home, she headed into the village towards the church. Closed down shops and homeless people were not a rare sight. The draught had hurt her village deeply.

She knocked on the door the specific way they instructed. Within seconds, it creaked open and she was cheerily welcomed by a brown haired girl in a dress into a candlelit room.

"You're Sila!" she said.

"I am. Who are you?"

"Oh, it doesn't matter who I am. Come with me!"

The sick and injured were everywhere. The deeper into the chapel they went, the less there were. Sila cupped her crotch when it felt like she was going to leak, but she tried not to let this woman see her do it. She really had to go. After what felt like an eternity of walking down steps and through hallways, just when Sila was about to ask if she could let a little bit out to ease her discomfort, they went into a room with candles arranged in a circle. There were two women in there: one stirred a pot over a fire and the other was reading a huge book. Neither of them were inside of the circle.

"Here she is," the brown haired girl said. "The vessel."

"Right on time," the reading girl said. "Please stand next to my collegue over there."

She went over to the stirring lady, who smiled up at her. "You're doing a great thing," she told Sila. "My name's Alice."

"When is the last time you passed urine?" asked the reading girl.

"This morning," Sila replied. "I really have to go."

"Good. I see no reason in prolonging this. Shall we get started?"

Sila knew everything she had to do, but she still turned pink when she pulled her pants and underwear down. She kicked them to the side and stood with her hands held in front of her exposed vagina, shifting from side to side. She was too shy to look at any of them.

"Spread your legs, sweetie," Alice said, dipping her fingers in the concoction she was boiling. Sila forced her legs apart, trying not to think about her intense urge to urinate or the embarrassment of stripping in front of three complete strangers.

Sila jumped as she felt Alice lather her nether regions with hot goo. She used the mixture liberally, getting more every couple of seconds. Sila could feel it dripping down her thighs. Her fingers slid between her pussy lips, inhaling sharply as she penetrated her slightly. She tensed up as she felt the woman's fingers slather the mixture in between her asscheeks. Sila had never felt more exposed.

The woman with the book began chanting in some bizzare sounding language. The inability to hold herself was beginning to get to Sila and she started squirming.

"Stay strong, sweetie," said Alice, still rubbing hot, thick fluid between her legs. She pushed part of her finger further into her pussy, then went back to slathering it between her vagina and butt and over her taint.

"Oh!" Sila cried out as the woman forcefully pushed her finger into her butthole for a second. A cold look from the chanting lady made her turn even pinker than she already was, trying not to urinate as a stranger felt up her privates. "Mm...!" she groaned as a finger went up her asshole again, throbbing from expansion. She rubbed the mixture back and forth again for a minute before putting her finger back into her pussy for a second. If she wasn't so exposed, and if she wasn't bursting at the seams, she might have enjoyed the stimulation. Alice's hands actually felt good.

She had to pee so badly. Time dragged on and on, Alice becoming more and more invasive with the mixture and Sila's bladder only getting fuller. She bit into her knuckle as her bladder spasmed and it felt like she was going to leak, tensing her ass and thighs trying not to let herself leak. It was so difficult to hold it in like this. She put her hands over the urine bump sticking out of her belly, cradling the source of her intense discomfort.

The temperature in the room dropped. The woman's chanting got louder and more energized. In the center of the circle of candles, Sila could swear she could see something stirring...

*002*2021-12-27 19:36

{{2 hours ago, orangelion said:

I'm loving this so far! I feel that Alice is being more invasive than necessary taking her fingers in and out of her butthole and vagina multiple times instead of just once

I always love your stories!

}}

Thanks

*003*2021-12-27 20:06

Stirring turned to swirling, a display of mist in the shape of a humanoid. Sila squeaked as Alice shoved her thumb up her ass and her middle finger in her pussy, the reading girl chanting louder than ever. Alice put her hand in the mixture, rubbed around Sila's privates some more, then penetrated both holes again even rougher. Sila scrunched up her face in discomfort, feeling the smallest dribble leak out of her bursting bladder. When she opened her eyes, she saw a tall woman in a blue robe levitating in the circle. She almost peed from the shock of the sight. Alice gently slid her fingers out of Sila, who stepped back and forth and held her hands in fists by her head. She felt like she was on the verge of leaking.

"C-can I--" Sila stuttered quietly to Alice.

"Hold yourself all you want," she said, returning a smile. Immediately, her hands shot to her crotch, stepping side to side and lifting her knees with every step.

"Water god!" the reading woman said, "we have--"

"I know why you have summoned me." Her voice was booming. "I'm aware of the predicament surrounding your village. Understand before we begin that my aid comes with a price. There are ways you can strengthen my kingdom, as well..."

Between the awe of seeing a god up close and the strenuous task of not pissing herself, Sila barely heard the exchange. She crossed her legs and bent over, filling her cheeks with air. She had to pee so bad it hurt.

Alice touched her gently on the arm. The trembling girl looked at her, then looked up. The Water God stood in front of her.

"Vessel," she said, "I thank you for your service to the people of these village. Not many people can undergo the ritual to summon me. In time, you will be stronger. For now, I feel our time is coming to a close."

As she said the last word, Sila whimpered as she felt urine begin leaking out against her clenching hand. Leak became jet, and the spectre before her vanished. Liquid gushed between her fingers and splattered to the ground between her shaking legs. She bit her lip to keep from moaning as her bloated bladder deflated, finally emptying its contents.

She peed a little more as she bathed in the chapel baths and went home, instructed to return at the same time the next day, and was given more compensation than she'd ever recieved in her entire life.

*005*2022-04-22 19:25

Sila was woken up by a knock at her door. Dressed only in her nightgown, she shouted "just a minute!" and frantically pulled on a pair of underwear and tied a linen wrap around her breasts. She opened the door to see two church people, one of which was holding the familiar jug of blessed water. She felt the ache of a morning piss as she noticed it.

"Sila!" one of them greeted, the cheery girl who'd led her to the room the day before, "our vessel. We've come with a preposition."

"Oh?"

"A full time job at the church," the other one said, "including designated living quarters. Three meals a day, unrestricted baths access, all under the requirement that you're available to perform the ritual at any point in the day."

Sila could hardly contain her excitement. The service of being a vessel was an amazing oppurtunity, but she'd never dreamt of rising to the lofty class of someone of the church. She immediately agreed and, not having many belongings, was able to accompany them back to the church immediately.

"I just need to grab my things, and a quick break to the pot..." she said.

"I wouldn't advise that break," the girl said, "they're planning a ritual very soon. You'll want to be prepared."

Sila danced as she threw her clothes into a case, stepping around and pressing her thighs together. She hopped from foot to foot and her morning pee sloshed uncomfortably around inside her, eagerly pressing against her urinary sphincter. As soon as she had everything together, she rushed downstairs and accompanied the two churchworkers on their walk through town.

They helped with her belongings, but it was still hard to keep up with them with such a full bladder. She was starting to sweat from the effort of keeping it in. Every step was a pulse of urgency.

"You may as well drink from this on the way," the worker handed her a jug, "make sure you're really full."

"I'm full already," she told him, "I'd be doing a potty dance if we weren't walking so fast!"

The two churchpeople glanced at each other. "It's easier to channel the spirit when your urine has been blessed," the girl said.

Sila reluctantly took the jug. "Maybe I should empty my bladder and get to drinking?"

"There's no time. It's almost midday," she said. "Skip that first part, just get to drinking."

She took a deep breath before her first sip. It was a third of the way drained by the time they got there, exercise and the sun keeping her eager to stay hydrated. Sila was really desperate by then. When they stopped to open the church doors, she was hopping around and jerking her hips back and forth, side to side. The dams were ready to bust open the second she relaxed herself.

"My colleague will take your belongings to your room, and I'll take you to your room after the ritual."

"Okay!" Sila said, pacing and marching back and forth.

"You should probably finish the jug before we get down there," the girl told her as they entered.

"But there's so much left! I have to go so bad!"

"It won't hurt you. Can't be too prepared, you know?"

"Ohhh..." Sila forced herself to keep drinking as they travelled underground. They stopped in front of the door to the ritual room. She was almost done with it.

"If you're going to be a part of the church, it's okay that you know my name. It's Mirabelle."

"Mirabelle, okay..." she stepped side to side, bringing her knee up to press her thighs together with every step. She cringed as she downed the last of the jug.

"Ready?" Mirabelle asked. Sila nodded, doubling over and squeezing her pussy.

The door opened and they entered the familiar room. Sila rushed over to Alice, mixing her concoction.

"Hello, Sila," she greeted. "nice and full? Ready to start?"

"Nothing nice about how I'm feeling right now," Sila replied, dancing and squirming. Her cheeks turned hot as she pulled her pants and underwear off and stood, legs crossed and holding herself, waiting for the ritual.

"You gotta spread your legs, sweetie," Alice said.

"Fuck," she forced her legs apart, clutching at her exposed vagina. "I feel like I'm gonna leak," she muttered, tensing her trembling thighs.

She winced as the hot mixture was slapped onto her privates and rubbed in like moisterizer. She bit her lip and cringed, the heat almost scalding her pussy lips. Alice dipped her hand in more of it and spread it down Sila's taint and through her asscrack. Front to back, back to front, over and over like last time. Then she was penetrated a bit, and she jerked her butt trying to keep her pee in.

"Try to keep still, okay? You're doing great," Alice told her as she pressed her thumb into her asshole.

"Mmph!" Sila cringed and put her clenched fist up to her mouth before shaking her hands at her sides. She had to go so bad. The poor girl was seriously bursting to piss this time. Her full bladder was a round, taut bulge sticking out just above her pubic bone.

The process dragged on until the fantastic sight of the Water God appeared in front of her, magically powered by Sila's overfull bladder, agonizingly filled with urine. They got right to work with her, talking, planning and writing. She was gobsmacked by the sight of her, but often squeezed her eyes tight and winced or groaned, overwhelmed by her rapidly intensifying desperation. Sila was absolutely dying for a toilet.

A small amount of urine leaked out of her. "Ohh! Huhn--" she whimpered, jerking her trembling legs closer together. Her cheeks turned an even deeper shade of red as some of the churchpeople glanced over at her.

Time dragged on. Her bladder was a huge, tight bulge sticking out of her lower belly. Sila was panting, on the verge of sobbing, overwhelmed by her intensely urgent need to urinate. She rubbed a couple of tears off her face and then held her trembling hands in tight fists above her head. Alice was really invasive with the mixture, and the stimulation was a small relief to her unbearable need to piss. Although she was still a bit uncomfortable with the whole mixture thing, normalcy in what was happening gave room for arousal to really materialize in the experience. She bit her lip, feeling ashamed for enjoying the feeling.

Liquid squirted out for a second as a pang of pain and pressure rocked her tortured, urine-filled organ, causing her to jolt her butt back and grab at her thighs. "Mmmmm!" she moaned, starting to not care about the churchpeople's awareness of her. She could barely think.

"Stay strong, sweetie," Alice told her. "Keep as much of that in as you can."

"I have to go really bad," she whispered almost pleadingly.

"I know, baby, but you're doing so well! You're holding in a lot more than the first time."

She jerked forward again. "It hurtsss..." Sila cradled her busting bladder. It was hard, and sensitive to such touch. She started stepping from foot to foot a little, a subtle but frantic movement to hold in her direly overfull bladder.

"Stay still, Sila..."

"I can't!" she blurted, starting to cry. She needed to pee so much it was driving her crazy. She couldn't take it anymore. It was so intense. A bit of pee seeped out and she felt it drip down her thigh. She jolted her butt around, her legs trembling beneath her, unable to keep composed with the insanely uncomfortable urge to urinate. Every time she was penetrated, it put extra pressure against her overfull bladder.

Suddenly, the fantastical woman was addressing her. "Your commitment and growth has allowed me to communicate with impressive clarity. Thank you, vessel." As the last words left her mouth, Sila's muscles gave out and released the huge amount of pent up urine she had been retaining. "Huhnnn-" she moaned, buckling to her knees as she urinated hard onto the ground. The Water God flickered and dissappeared. Her torrent went on and on, splattering against the ground, soaking her legs and her butt with the splashback. It travelled across the room, where some churchpeople were already cleaning up.

"Wonderful job, Sila," Alice congratulated her, holding her hand out to help her up.

"I-I'm still..." she started, but her friend pulled her to her feet, despite her still urinating hard. It streamed down her legs and pooled at her feet. She bit her lip from the bliss, cradling her draining bladder.

"Come on, let's get you cleaned up."

Then she was walking and pissing, following Alice. She didn't finish until she was at the baths. They bathed, and afterwards she was shown to her room. It even had a balcony. She stepped onto it and, shockingly, she realized it was raining a bit. For the first time in years, her village was blessed with rain.

