I Pee my pants

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-09-06 17:15

I know what you are thinking, this has been done before. But by request of Vexer6 I am exploring one of the many possible omorashi situations that could occur through out the series. In this story the iCarly gang are filming their Hundredth webcast by taking suggestions from five viewers that were within reason. Enjoy:)

"The posts are in." Freddy smiled from behind his laptop.

"What are we doing?" Carly asked, obviously excited.

"First suggestion is... make the webcast two hours."

"That isn't so bad." Sam muttered from the couch.

"Keep going." Carly ushered.

"Second suggestion is to... hold your pee?"

"What?" Carly laughed.

"That's not all... we have to set a timer similar to the random dance where you have to drink water over the course of the show till you have consumed a liter and a half." Fred's face was scrunched up trying to figure out the logic behind the suggestion

"Whoa, whoa whoa! Mamma doesn't like to hold her pee." Sam said rising to her feet.

"Sam, we already agreed to do these... besides it's not like we can't hold it. We're in high school." Carly pointed out, though she wasn't entirely sure she liked the suggestion either.

"Carly's got a point." Freddy shrugged.

"Fine! But if anything bad happens, it's on you Freddy." Sam said threateningly.

"Ok, ok." Freddy said. He continued down the list of less controversial suggestions. When everything was said and done the three friends disbanded till the next day when they would start the webcast.

The next day the trio met up in the iCarly studio in Carly's apartment. Sam and Carly were practicing lines for a skit, both dressed in skinny jeans and penny tee's Carly's reading: "Elbow Rage" and Sam's reading: "Bacon Farm". Meanwhile Freddy was calibrating his camera and computer before checking on both pitchers of ice water.

"Ok, you guys ready?" Freddy inquired.

The two nodded their heads and positioned themselves in front of the camera.

"Ok then in, Three, Two" He made a gesture with his hand to symbolize one before the webcast began.

An hour into the webcast and roughly a liter later, Carly and Sam were showing signs of visible desperation. Carly tried to remain discreet and mostly jiggled her legs, whereas Sam had both hands stuffed into her crotch and constantly voiced her desperation to the audience as they tried to continue on with the show.

As they neared the end of their webcast even Carly was holding herself, they were both bouncing in place, hoping from foot to foot, standing doubled over. They tried to act through their final skit but had to keep stopping to hold themselves desperately. Somehow they managed to finish up the skit. However as they began to sign out the inevitable occurred.

Carly attempted to stand up straight only to have her bladder give out. A dark glistening stain began to form on the crotch of her jeans, spreading down her legs as the hot pee poured from her urethra, soaking her legs and jeans. The stream wrapped around to the back of her legs, running down her calves and pooling around her feet in a large puddle.

Meanwhile Sam lost control of her bladder after witnessing Carly's accident. There was a loud hiss as pee gushed out, her legs spread ever so slightly allowing a veil of urine to fill the space, the stream transiding from the left thigh to the right before soaking the fabric of her jeans, racing to the ground in a series of streams before forming a puddle beneath her feet. The puddles began to mingle into a much larger puddle. Freddy stood their gaping at their predicament.

"Don't just stand there! Turn it off!" Sam demanded. Freddy obliged and no sooner than that Carly rushed from the room in utter mortification.

Ok, so this was terribly short... Well as I wrote this I quickly realized I haven't watched iCarly in roughly two years and had no idea what to do for the webcast. So I just skipped to the end basically. I apologize:/

*002*2012-09-06 22:16

{{:

No need to apologize, you captured the characters pretty well, and I like that you got to the point quickly. If you want I can offer you a few suggestions on expanding it.

}}

I don't think their will be much expansion to it:( Thanks for the kind words though.

*004*2012-09-07 01:22

{{:

I'm conflicted lol. The scenario and everything is well played out props to you. But wow I feel bad for knowing the real show and who everyone is... I blame it on my youngest sister for watching non stop!

}}

It's not that bad of a thing:P

