MLP Discord Fic

Author: Lythe

*000*2012-12-26 18:36

Oh how the mighty have fallen. Encased in stone, yet again, his brief stint at freedom brought to an abrupt end by six young ponies and their magic jewelry. If he hadn’t been covered in stone, he’d have sneered sarcastically. Instead, however, he could do none of that. He sat, his face frozen in a ridiculous pose. He had nearly unlimited power, and had been brought down by a group of school fillies. It was nothing short of unbelievable.

The most frustrating thing about the stone though wasn’t the lack of freedom of movement itself, as trying as that was. It was that his body still felt everything as it had promptly before being frozen. An itch seemed to be permanently on his nose, and nothing he did would ever let him scratch it. He thought he felt a bug on his neck, and he had no method of swiping it away. Perhaps the most frustrating thing of all though, was that he, Discord, the Lord of Chaos, the Spirit of Disharmony, had neglected to use the restroom prior to being encased in stone.

He had to pee. Badly. This wasn’t a case of ‘Oh, well, I’ll find a bathroom later.’ He had been about to go prior to being ‘frozen’ so to speak, because it had finally become too strong of an urge to ignore and even the embodiment of Chaos was subject to basic needs. If it hadn’t been for Twilight Sparkle and her lousy lot, he’d have been able to quietly (or maybe loudly, with fireworks and fanfare) relieve himself and then get back to his beloved disorder and disarray. Instead, however, he’d been trapped in stone, his bladder stuck in its impossibly full condition for Celestia only knew how long, desperate for some relief from the ache.

Not that he was in any danger of an accident, by any means. He was in stone, after all. But the urge was incessant and unending. He couldn’t grab himself, couldn’t go, couldn’t even change positions. Anything to make it slightly easier to bear was out of his reach.

Days would bleed into weeks or months, maybe even years, he had no way of knowing, but his urge never lessened. He wished desperately to at least squirm, to shift positions, to do something, anything to make holding back all the urine that had been in his bladder at the time of being coated in stone feel a little more bearable, but to no avail.

The worst thing of all though had to be when it rained. It didn’t even rain chocolate milk like during his short reign. It poured down water, torrents of it, dumped onto his body, taunting him. He could feel the cool liquid falling all over his body, running down the stone, between his legs and… IT WASN’T FAIR! EVEN THE BLASTED SKY GOT RELIEF! The sky got relief whenever it wanted (or at least whenever the Pegasus weather teams deemed it appropriate, but at least it got that release in some form!), the animals in the garden could go whenever they pleased, even the guards disgraced themselves in such a manner from time to time, thinking no one was around (but he saw, oh, he saw.).

Discord, however, got no such courtesies. He was made to bear the watching the others, feeling it on one occasion when a guard got particularly cocky (He’d remember that guard too, for when he got out.), and he could do nothing about his own urge. The worst part of being encased in stone wasn’t any of the things one would have thought. It was that simple need to pee that he had no method of fixing.

More time passed, his need for release seeming to be a permanently uncomfortable state, when he felt an itch on his left ear. His first instinct, of course, was to twitch it, try and flick off anything that had landed there. So he did.

And then he blinked.

Stone fell away from his ear and eyes. He twic

The stone on his ear came off. He twitched his other ear. The stone on it fell away as well. He went to crack his neck, and more stone cracked apart from his body. This continued down his body until finally, even the last of the rock on the end of his tail came off. The Lord of Chaos shook himself, dust flying in all directions. For one glorious moment, he breathed in deeply, absorbing all the world had to offer as he gazed almost lovingly at Celestia’s garden, when that oh so pressing urge that had plagued him in the stone reared its head. The Spirit of Disharmony did the only thing he could think of. His hands flew to his crotch, applying pressure, as he skittered off to the bushes to relieve himself in, not caring how undignified it was for a creature such as himself.

This was precisely how he realized that despite all the other rock coming off his body, some of it hadn’t. The slightest bit of himself had been protruding when he’d been encased, and that slightest bit on just the tip was still there, preventing him from the pee he so badly wanted. Cursing, he set about attempting to gingerly break the stone off. He found this to be much more difficult than he’d anticipated, at least without hurting anything, not to mention whilst constantly moving.

At last, the stone came off the end of Discord’s cock, and he stood still. All his muscles relaxed as finally, FINALLY, after however long he’d been trapped, he was able to just let go. His stream started weak, but quickly gained speed, falling upon the bushes and ground. The Embodiment of Chaos moaned in relief as urine gushed out of his body, in what was very likely the most relieving pee of his incredibly long lifetime.

Minutes later, he stood in Celestia’s royal garden, with just the slightest urge left as he closed in on finishing his desperately sought relief, when he heard hooves on pavement. Instantly, Discord ducked down and cut off his flow to his great distaste, having no desire to be seen should it prove to be one of the royal sisters. Likely Luna, given that it was night, but it could have been either. When the pony came into sight, the Draconequus grinned. It was the guard that had thought it so appropriate to urinate on he, the Lord of Chaos. Discord snapped the fingers on his chicken hand, appearing right next to the guard.

“Why hello there, my good gentlecolt. How goes your rounds this evening?” He asked, grinning evilly. He snapped again, taking himself and the guard back to where he’d just peed, and threw the pony to the ground. The guard attempted to get back up, his training coming to him just a split too late as Discord’s lizard foot came down on his chest, pinning him to the urine-soaked ground.

“Let’s see how you like it.” Discord murmured, as he released the rest of his pee onto the other pony, covering the entire body. The guard member was quite quickly drenched from head to hoof in the last of Discord’s urine.

The Spirit of Disharmony chuckled. “I’m normally not one for such petty revenge, but you seemed like you needed it. Now, I’m going to be on my way. Feel free to go tell whoever you need to tell that I’ve escaped, but you might want to wash off first.”

He snapped his hand again, and disappeared before the Guard, leaving the bewildered pony struggling to his hooves and staring in shock, whilst simultaneously trying to shake some of the pee from his coat and mane.

What now? Mused Discord. The Everfree was the natural choice. It was huge and easy to hide in, somewhere he was unlikely to be found while he plotted his revenge. This time he’d be smarter. This time he wouldn’t get caught in stone. Perhaps most importantly, however, was that he’d need to get even with those damned ponies that had done this to him in the first place, and he had a pretty good idea of how.

(( I'll add more to this depending on reception to this first chapter. It'll also be subject to edits. This is very much the first draft stage.))

