Family Guy's new horse

Author: Marin

*000*2012-04-07 08:18

I can’t believe I’m doing a Family Guy fan fic. Some one requested this so what the heck. I just watched an entire episode of Family guy for some ideas. Well, here goes nothin’.

You know, it seams today that all you see is violence in movies or sex on TV, but Peter Griffin is here to bring back those good old fashioned values we used to rely on. Give it up for the family guy, Peter griffin. So Louis is giving him some money to go shopping one day. “Now remember Peter, don’t touch this money ‘til you get to the grocery store.” She began as she pined some cash to his shirt. You could see the annoyance in his eye. “then buy one can of beans and come strait home. Do you understand!”

“Louis, I’m a guy you can trust with a task.” He assured, but then he goes off about how he almost conquered the dragons layer. Louis gave him a weird look as he stood their recalling some fantasy of his. “Now what does that have to do with anything?” She put her hands on her hips and looked up at him while he spaced off. She snapped her fingers in front of his face. “I hate it when he does this. He’s got the whole family doing it now except for me and Chris. Brian is the worst.”

“Hi Louis.” Brian greeted, startling her.

“Oh, Brian.”

“He’s doing it again huh!”

“You do it too you know.”

“I do not.”

“Well, I’m off.” Peter said when he finally woke up from his flash back. Louis huffed it off.

For the remainder of that day she tidied up around the house waiting for Peter to get home with the beans. Stewy sat next to Brian watching the Star Wars trilogy, fidgeting a little. He felt the uncomfortable need to use his diaper. He didn’t feel like soiling it just yet. They didn’t own the movie, they were watching it on cable. He decided to wait until commercial break.

Louis sat down next to them, exhausted from cleaning all day and waiting for Peter. She wanted to make burritos for dinner. Louis had everything she needed except the beans she was waiting for. Stewy’s urge for relief grew quickly since his bladder and bowels were smaller then a tennis ball and he couldn’t quite make it to the bathroom yet, being as young as he was. He new if he soiled himself too quickly, his mother would either have to change him now, or later. He didn’t want to miss the movie, but he didn’t want to wait in a dirty diaper either, so he waited to pee and poop. His squirming and wiggling made it obvious.

Louis didn’t take notice at all. She never notice her baby boy talking in full sentences with an outrageous vocabulary and devious intentions unless he spoke directly to her, let alone noticing his predicament. Brian was perfectly aware though. He usually talked to him when his family members weren’t around. He couldn’t help himself this time. “Hey, Stewy.” He whispered into his ear. “What the hell are you doing.”

“What dose it look like I’m doing?” Stewy snapped.

“Being a total dush bag.”

“Yah, screw you too. I’m just watching the Star Wars trilogy.”

“All right.” He watched TV with a smirk while Stewy pressed his hands in his crotch, double crossed his legs and groaned and moaned and farted periodically. Brian kept his eyes facing the TV quietly and smiled about how stupid he sounded farting and groaning. “Shadup!” Stewy snapped. Brian laughed at him.

His bladder felt rock hard and his bowels were about to burst. Stewy bounced in his seat and rocked violently when suddenly, he winced as he squirt in his diaper. The wet fluid spilt down to his crack as the wetness caused another squirt to pierce his opening. He gripped his penis and pinched his but cheeks as hard as he could, but to little prevail. He shivered in desperation as the pee kept penetrating his weakening grip in spurt after spurt.

Finally, his muscles collapsed, allowing the stream to jet through to the padding of his diaper. Poop forced it’s way out to pile up in the back. He felt his butt getting soaked as his diaper expanded and a yellow stain formed on the front and bottom. Tired, he just let it go in his pants and sighed. At first, he felt mortified that he actually had an accident in front of Louis and Brian like a little baby. Wait, I am a little baby. He recalled. Immediately he stopped caring, except he felt extremely unclean now. The commercials hadn’t come on yet so he had to wait to be changed. His diaper bulged in the back from his mess which pressed against his skin as he sat there trying to enjoy the movie. The sloshy padding bulged on the out side and made his skin feel soggy and sting slightly. Stewy couldn’t concentrate on the movie.

At last it was commercial break. “Mom.” He called. “Mom. Mom, Mom, Mom.” He taunted. “Mamma, Mamma, Mamma, Mamma, Mamma, Mommy, Mommy…”

“Don’t start that again please. What do you want?” She said exasperated about her husband. She wasn’t very confident that he’d actually come home with the beans, or at all for that matter.

“Can you change me.” He requested shamelessly. “I made a Darth duty. I Sithed, my pants. My diaper’s gone over to the dark side. I’ve got pages of these I could go on.”

“Stewy, those weren’t even funny in the Star Wars parody we did for that company.” Brian criticized while Louis carried him off to the bathroom. “Yah screw you too Brian!” he waved his fist at him as he entered the bathroom with his mother.

Louis placed him down on the changing pad she laid out on the bathroom counter. She pulled down his pants to revel the yellow stained, bulging mess he’s made. Louis undid his diaper, dumped his small turds into the toilet and rolled up the diaper into a squishy ball to throw away. As she saw the pee drip from the sides, she had a crazy thought. What would it be like to have an accident. She wasn’t too interested in finding out, so she got out a clean diaper and contemplated on the matter.

When she was about to put it on him, he suddenly squirt on her, getting pee he had left over on her face and her shirt. “Oomph! Dam it Stewy!” He laughed and pointed at her. Brian poked his head around the corner to point and laugh as well. They pointed and laughed at her together as she growled.

“Okay! Okay.” He giggled. “Go ahead.” She lifted his legs to get the diaper underneath, and he squirt on her again. “Stewy!” Again, the baby and the dog burst out in laughter. She gritted her teeth, clenched her fists at her sides and began to loose her temper. “Sorry! Sorry. That’s it, I’m done. That was the last of it.” She took a deep breath and tried again to be sweet and put the diaper on him. Once again, Stewy squirt her in the face. Again the boys laughed their heads off.

She abruptly grabbed the baby and held him over the toilet. “Just finish all ready!” Sensing danger, Stewy obeyed as she heard a light trickling of urine hit the toilet water. It slowed to a stop quickly, then he pinched off the last two drops of pee he had left. “Okay, you done now?” Louis said sweetly.

“Yah, I’m done. It’s not funny any more.” She put him back on the changing pad to finally put his diaper on, but the baby squirt her again. As they burst out in laughter one more time, Louis lost her temper. In a flash, she blew up and started pounding on Stewy’s butt. “OWOWOWOWOW!!!!!OW!!OW!!OW!!AHAHOW” Stewy cried as her hand slapped mercilessly against his butt. Brian fell over laughing, gripping his ribs with his arms. “YOUR NEXT MUT!!!” She shouted, throwing her shoe at him. He bolted out of the bathroom. “Oh god OH GOD!” He yelped.

At last Louis put on Stewy’s diaper and taped it shut. She then pulled up his suspenders, set him on the floor and smacked his butt one more time to get him to bug off. He darted out of the bathroom giggling about the whole thing never the less. Louis’ went to her room to change her shirt. It had pee on the breast area. She slipped it off to expose her black, lacey bra and slipped on a green shirt.

Her eyes lit up when she heard the door bell ring. “Peter!” She cheered. Of all the stupid thins he did, she loved him, and she missed him when he left for that long. Her smile disappeared when she found out it was just a delivery man. “Special delivery for Peter Griff…” SLAM!!! The door smacked his face and bloodied his nose as he dropped the package full of shattering glass, cursing and groaning about his nose on his knees. Louis was heading back to the living room when the front door suddenly opened. To her wonder, it was Peter.

“Peter, where have you been? You left for the market six hours ago! Did you get the beans?” Louis cursed herself for saying something like that after her beloved husband got home after that long.

“Louis, I got something better. You know how you always wanted a real diamond wedding engagement ring?” Her face lit up and a great smile bloomed on her face. “Oh my God!” She gasped.

“That’s right, I bought a horse!” The smile completely dropped from her face and fell back into the deep pit of her heat, replaced by a scowl. Sure enough, a big, smelly horse cam walking through their front door.

“You bout a HORSE! Why the hell did you… I didn‘t even give you that much money!”

“That’s what I thought Louis!” He recalled the auction he attended in Louie Ville.

“Sold!” The auctionist shouted out to the crowd. “To the gentlemen from Quahog (Co-hog) Road Island.” Every one clapped and cheered. “Congratulations sir, what brings you down to Louie Ville?”

“I don’t know!” He said simply.

Louis examined the horse he purchased. His eyes didn‘t come into focus. His face didn’t make any eye contact, interaction with the humans or acknowledgement of their presence whatsoever. His off centered stare creaped her out. “Peter, there’s something off about that horse.” She worried.

“You have an eye for animals Louis. This horse is brain damaged. That’s why I got it so cheep.” The horse started bashing wholes in the wall with his skull for no apparent reason, as if to demonstrate his stupidity, giving himself a minor concussion and causing him to collapse on the floor.

The whole family stood their watching as Peter and Louis discussed the matter.

“Peter, I don’t think it’s wise to have a brain damaged horse as a house pet.”

“Shadup! You don’t know nothin’, ‘bout anything.”

“What ever Peter, fine!” She huffed. “Keep the horse!”

“Good. This family works much better when we’re unified. You’ll see this horse will be a fine addition to this family.” Peter assured as he stood the horse back on it’s feet.

Suddenly they heard water splashing against the floor from under the horse, pooling into the ground under his feet. It formed a massive puddle that almost reached Peters. “You know what, I don’t want him to feel self conscious. Everybody pee.”

“Peter!” She protested. “We’re…”

“Every body pee, now!” He inserted. The family stared at him for a long awkward moment.

“We’re an unusual family.” Stewy commented.

“I wanna pee!” Chris cheered, throwing his hands up. At that, he let urine trickle through his pants and onto the floor, forming a wet spot on his pants. Peter joined in, praising him. “Good, good. Now if we can get the rest of you to join in I thing he’ll feel comfortable about the whole thing. He wont be alone, ya know?” Louis blushed. It was truly an experiment she wanted to try, but she didn‘t fell comfortable doing it in front of Megan or even Peter himself, who had already peed himself. Brian shrugged and got down on all fours as a dog should, then lifted his leg to add to the large puddle formed by Peter and Chris.

Louis finally gathered the confidence to join the family. She let go in her pants. The pee sprawled throughout her panties and drizzled down her pant legs. It soon leaked onto the ground. It took a half a minute to form a wet spot in her crotch and pant legs as the puddle grew under her feet. Megan gawked at her in shock that she joined the men. Finally she decided “Eh.” and she let it go in her pants as well. Her pants were quicker to form a wet spot at her crotch. It sprawled throughout her pants and soaked her rump. Her urine reached the floor and formed her puddle as it grew to fuse with the family puddle.

Soon the whole floor under them became wet from the horses pee and every one else’s pee, and it just got bigger. Pee streamed from the crotches of every family member except Stewy. “Thanks every one.” Peter praised. Then he looked at Stewy, who still looked dry. “How come you’re not peeing.” He asked him. Stewy stalled for a moment. He abruptly undid his suspenders, yanked his pants down, and squirted on Peter. “Oh! God DAMIT Stewy!” Stewy ran off with no pants giggling down the hall way as the whole family burst out in laughter and pointed at him while he spit out some of the pee that hit him in the mouth.

Here's a link to see the episode I got this from. http://www.cucirca.com/2009/03/02/family-guy-season-7-episode-8-family-gay/

*002*2012-04-07 09:10

Well now you know.

*004*2012-04-08 01:33

Thanks. That's the first positive comment I've ever gotten.

