Surprise birthday party makes her wet her pants

Author: gopssgirl

*000*2024-09-02 00:15

It started out as a pleasant birthday. i was happy to be another year older and didn’t expect anything huge in terms of celebrations. i was sorely mistaken. I went out shopping for the afternoon and had a large soda and some coffee. I desperately needed to pee by the end of the trip, but the line for the women’s bathroom was insane, so i figured i’d have just as good a chance getting to my own apartment just a couple minutes away. I drove home as quickly as I could with my hand absentmindedly stroking my clit to numb the acute urge to piss my seat right then and there.

The closer I got to my apartment the more overwhelming the sensation of needing to pee was becoming as I anticipated my much needed relief. I was not about to wet my pants as a fully grown adult, that would be beyond embarrassing. I pulled up to my apartment complex and parked in my spot as i pressed my fingers into my pussy. “fuck fuck fuck i need to piss so bad,” i whined to myself. Quickly I grabbed my bag, jumped out of the car and slammed the door behind me. I ran up to my apartment with one hand grabbing my pussy for dear life. When I got to my door, it took all of my strength to keep holding while I fumbled through my purse for my house keys. When I finally got my door open, I could feel my pee about to burst out, my bladder was distended and aching. I flicked on the light switch, and,

“SURPRISE!!!!!!!!!”

Oh god. Oh fuck. Fuck.

My whole group of friends, everyone I know, is in my apartment, here to celebrate my birthday.

They didn’t mean to startle me. They didn’t know I needed to go so badly.

But I couldn’t help it, the shock of it, I started flooding my pants instantly. My body just couldn’t bear to keep holding on for one more second after they scared the piss out of me. It just kept coming, as all my friends and family stood in shock while I wet myself. My best friend had her camera out to record my reaction to the party, and she was too stunned to look away or stop filming.

My friend paul actually started laughing at me, “sorry,” he said, “this is just too good!” I could have died of embarrassment in that moment. Other people started to chuckle a bit too, and try as I might, I couldn’t stop pissing myself in front of everyone. I finally got my wits about me enough to push through the the crowd and get to my bathroom, but to my deep horror, it was locked. someone was inside. i live in a studio apartment, so there was truly no where else to hide or turn to. my best friend laura saw how red i had turned, and she came to wrap her jacket around my waist. She said quietly to me, “it’s okay, let’s just get out of here. i’m parked out back, ok?”

I was humiliated but I just nodded and let her guide me out to her car.

When we got there, I was shaking with embarrassment, and she just buckled me in and turned on some soft music.

“that was so fucking embarrassing” i finally muttered.

“it’s really not a big deal,” she said.

It’s then I noticed her left hand was between her thighs, her breathing heavy.

“do you… like this?” I asked her, curious and maybe a bit turned on.

“is that crazy?” she said

“i don’t think so,” and I could feel myself getting wet in another way.

On instinct, I reached over and started tickling her. She laughed and began playing with her pussy under her skirt.

“if you keep tickling me i’m gonna pee myself!! please!! oh my god”

She didn’t say stop, though.

I kept tickling her until I saw a puddle in her seat welling up around her, and even then, I didn’t stop.

I still had to pee a bit myself, which laura took full advantage of when she retaliated and tickled me back. I flooded my jeans once again as she squeezed my thighs and sides.

I started to rub my clit in my wet jeans, which prompted laura to do the same. we sat next to each other in this parked car, furiously rubbing our pussies in our own piss puddles, moaning and screaming.

We finally orgasmed at nearly the exact same time, and then came a few more times each for good measure.

When all was said and done, sitting in my piss and cum filled pants next to laura, she said, “i’m sorry we startled you earlier, seriously.”

“no, this was the best surprise i’ve ever had.”

