The Decameron

Author: satyr

*012*2014-06-21 18:29

I walked outside into the rain. The outhouse was only a silhouette in the distance, obscured by the drizzle and the darkness. She followed me awkwardly. Fiona took a few tentative steps towards the outhouse. She turned to me and said, 'This is what you wanted to see, right?' Then she spread her legs slightly. She stood there, legs trembling, for a short beat, and then a stream began pouring from underneath the hem of her skirt. It began as a thin little ray pointing to the dirt below her, then developed into a downpour. 'Ah,' she sighed. Something in my pants strained against the denim. Fiona turned toward me, blushing. Her knees buckled slightly. Goosebumps.

She continued to wet herself. Her hair was slicked against her temple by the rain. I took a step toward her. I had to piss like a madman, but my boner made things difficult. I felt eyes on my back, but didn't turn around. I took another step toward her, and was that a smile on her lips? I walked the last few steps toward her and held her shoulders. She grabbed hold of my crotch as the last few drops fell to the ground. I slipped a hand under her skirt, felt warm panties clinging to her skin. A moment of hard arousal. Raindrops dripping from my hair into my eyes. Blurred vision. She gently pried my hand loose from her ass, gave me a kiss on the cheek, and started walking inside.

I watched the way the silhouette of her hips swayed, and then I turned around, unzipped my pants, and let loose myself. The relief was enormous, but I was still hard, and if not for my tubes being occupied by the piss I might have blown a load right there. Despite the plague, it seemed like things could only go uphill from here. My thoughts were far away from wheezing, dying poor bastards, monopolized by accident prone girls and wet lingerie. I realized I was drunk. My plan to take it slow had been short-circuited at some point by arousal and exciting stories and breasts and shapely, dripping ass. This piss might be a personal record. When I finally zipped up and headed back inside, I was so drenched I might as well have pissed my pants.

'Did you enjoy yourself?' Fanny asked, slurring words.

'I... did,' I said, unsure what she'd seen or inferred. She winked at me.

It was getting late, but it seemed like I was among the least intoxicated in the room, and I was drunk. It wasn't like we had anything planned for the morning. I glanced around and saw that Phil and Pam had both snuck out, presumably to pee—I hadn't exactly seen any chemistry to suggest passionate lovemaking between the two. One was a drunk frat boy, the other a frowning old lady in a young woman's body.

I sat down beside Fiona and Elisa. It was time for another story. One more to seal the night. 'It's your turn,' I said, looking at Fanny.

She blushed deeply. Interesting.

'I... uh, I don't have any good stories.'

'Then why are you blushing?'

Imagine the deepest shade of red possible, then imagine it deeper. Fanny's cheeks were approaching infrared. 'You—you're all going to think I'm disgusting.'

'I promise you, no one thinks you're disgusting. I think we can all agree you're quite lovely.' Drunken bravado, here we go. Both ladies at my flanks were giving me disapproving stares, but Fanny's cheeks were into the visible spectrum again.

'Promise?'

'Pinky swear.'

All right. This happened last summer, and it might be my most embarrassing memory, like, ever.

I was at a rather lovely beach resort—which shall go unnamed, as I've tried to repress this whole memory—with a group of friends. There was a long sandy beach and then the hotel and, crucially, the toilets were up there as well. The beach was fenced in and only accessible to hotel guests and locals who knew were you could climb under or over the fence, so the nearest bathrooms were all the way up in the hotel lobby. We had been swimming and splashing in the water for a few hours while the sun was at its height. It was way too hot to stay out of the water, even in the shade. When the temperature came down just a notch from boiling, we lathered ourselves in sunscreen and decided to sunbathe.

The image was doing unspeakable things to me.

We were drinking plenty of water, of course. I didn't think much of it. After an hour or two, having spent the better part of the day away from the bathroom and hydrating, I felt the need to pee, but shrugged it off. I could always go in the water later, right? One of my friends had fallen asleep in the sun earlier in the week, and after a while, we decided to move her into the shadow so she wouldn't get sunburn. Instead of waking her up, we decided it would be fun to carry her. She was just a few paces from the parasol. So I grabbed her feet and another friend grabbed the hands, and we hoisted her into safety. She didn't stir. When I put her down on the towel, I couldn't help but notice her crotch was wet, even though the rest of her was dry. I suspected she'd peed herself, maybe even in her sleep, but I didn't say anything. By the time she woke, she was dry, so if she did have an accident, I was the only one who knew. Isn't that funny?

Anyway, none of were exactly shy about peeing in our swimwear. It didn't seem like a big deal, they were clothes made to get wet and you could just go in the water and wash it off immediately, so it wasn't gross or anything. I wasn't concerned. I simply enjoyed the sun and got my tan on.

After a while, however, the need to pee was getting hard to ignore. I would have gone, if not for a knotted feeling in my stomach. I was reminded that I hadn't been to the bathroom other than to pee in two days, and that I couldn't do in the water. It would be too embarrassing, too icky, too unclean, you know?

She blushed deeply again at her own foreshadowing.

So I had to pee badly, and it was getting hard to sit still. But I also had to. I had to... You get the picture. And I thought I could hold that in until we got to the hotel, but I wasn't sure what might happen in the back of my bikini panties if I peed. It was a purple bikini, very form fitting.

She pushed her breasts upwards with her hands to indicate, then realized what she was doing, but by now everyone was looking at her and had gotten a good idea of what was hiding under her shirt. God, how could I not have taken more notice of this Northern beauty before now? She was without a doubt the most attractive person in the room, at least if you went for the model looks. Slender, tall, blonde, blue eyes and a motherfucking toothpaste commercial of a smile. And those breasts. Fiona was breathing down my neck, and I don't think it was a romantic gesture. Thankfully, Fanny descended the pedestal of the godess to remind us of her predicament before my stare could go from unseemly to downright creepy.

My favorite, naturally. These things always happen like that, don't they? So I was getting desperate to pee, and I had to poop, and I didn't know if I could do one without doing the other, and there was no way I was going number two at the beach. I was still hesitant to go back to the hotel by myself, still hoping maybe the others would get tired of the beach soon and we could all hurry back together. But I really needed to pee. It didn't take long until I simply had to sit up, and then I was crossing my legs, rocking back and forth. Soon I had to put my hands in between my legs, and I couldn't hide my need anymore.

'Fanny, what is it? Do you have to pee?' asked my friend, the one we had lifted into the shadow. I nodded. 'Why don't you just go in the water?'

'Eh, I don't want to go in the water,' I said, a bit sheepish. 'Will you come with me to the hotel bathrooms?'

She shook her head at me, more of an 'oh, you're so silly' rather than an answer to my question.

'I'll be okay,' I said. But I wasn't okay. I was about to wet myself. The feeling in my stomach had supplanted itself down to my butt, and I knew it was near an emergency. Fifteen minutes went by. I checked my phone. Four minutes of real time had passed. I couldn't do this anymore. I had to suck it up and go back to the hotel. I told my friend and then started back up the beach.

I didn't take anything with me, I just ran. I was only a few yards away from my towel when I had to stop and hold myself and realized running was never going to work. I would get to the hotel faster at the expense of an accident on the way. My bladder was heavy as lead, bouncing with every step, and my intestines seemed to be experiencing supernatural gravitational forces. I felt something sticky on my butt and realized I was losing. Someone walking behind me would be seeing something start to poke into my bikinis. I was breathing heavy, and my whole body was slick with sweat.

Somehow I passed the beach without further incident. I got onto the gravel path and realized I'd forgotten my sandals in the rush. Fatal mistake. I had to slow down to half speed so as not to mutilate my soles. If only I didn't forget those damn sandals.

Somehow, a pretty girl recounting a shameful, embarrassing experience makes her more attractive. Do I get off on vulnerability? Is that wrong? Such questions were beyond my drunken intellect to answer.

I had to bend over just as a couple of British tourists passed by—a father and a teenage son, by the looks of it. The father gave me a puzzled look and the son pitched a tent in his shorts. I was making a spectacle out of myself and I was powerless to stop it.

Finally the cursed gravel gave way to smooth stone, and I was able to pick up a brisker pace. I was only a minute from the hotel, and then I was passing through a garden, and then I was at the entrance. The lobby was inside, and on the other side of it, if only I could make it there, was my salvation. I had to slow down as I entered the lobby to avoid bending over and attracting more attention to myself. I shouldn't have. I was about to attract every pair of eyeballs in the room.

Halfway across the lobby, my body betrayed me. The churning, downward pressure in my butt was too much. My whole lower body cramped, and then it just... came out. Everything I had been holding in. It was surreal. I wouldn't have believed it if not for the very real sensations in my panty region. First I began to shit myself, just a coil out my butt, and then that contraction caused a chain reaction in my bladder, and I started to pee.

And so my bikinis drooped lower and lower in a tell-tale bulge while my bladder gave out and I felt warm liquid running down my thighs, just down the inside on both sides, slowly but surely picking up steam, so much, as I shudded and emptied out, dirtying my panties, my legs, and I began to fear my panties wouldn't hold everything and thinking absurdly that I should have worn a freaking diaper to the beach, fearing it would start coming out the sides and fall on the floor or my whole panties would unknot and fall between my legs, exposing everyone to my vag... So many things were going on and yet I still had space in my mind to register tourists looking up from newspapers and bags and briefcases and bellboys and receptionists also looking on in disbelief or dark disapproval.

I did what any respectable adult would have done: I began to sob, loudly. I was stood in my own pee, felt my own mess drooping down between my legs, and I realized I didn't have either my phone or my room key with me. I needed to get out of there, fast, to save myself any more embarrassment, as if there was a deeper level of embarrassment to be had in this situation, and although I was only ten steps from the bathroom and a sorely needed cleanup, that would mean probably fifteen minutes at least, and in that time, the whole hotel would have heard and I'd probably have to exit still dirty to be received by a crowd. No. I couldn't. Before anyone could say anything out loud, I shuffled out of there and headed back down to the beach.

You don't know the true meaning of the term walk of shame until you've walked down a crowded beach in poop-filled bikinis with your legs stained with piss.

I still hadn't faced the harshest jury: my friends. All these people I could leave behind and never see again, but would I ever be able to live this down with my friends? Surely everyone would know, and then everyone back home, and then my life would be over.

'Oh. My. God.' That was Maya, my friend who'd told me to go in the water. Luckily, the rest of my friends were in the water.

'You just pooped your pants. Really.' She was in disbelief.

'Are you going to make me cry more, or can we, like, skip that part and get to the part where you're a good friend and help me out?'

'Oh. Sorry,' said Maya. 'It's just, that's kind of hilarious. But it's a little much of me to expect you to appreciate the humor right now.'

'Fuck you.'

'Love you too. Here, take this.' She handed me a towel. 'Wrap it around yourself and go into the water to get the worst out before anyone else gets back. Then you and I go back to the hotel.'

I wrapped myself in the towel and walked down to the water. The waves licking at my feet felt purifying. I waded until waist height, then crouched and slipped off my bikini panties, balling them up and disposing of them under a rock. My butt still felt dirty, but I didn't feel like cleaning it by hand, smearing myself further with crap, so I sat down in the sand and rubbed against the seafloor a bit to get rid of the worst of it, then quickly wrapped myself in the towel and ran back up. Maya had packed my things and called out to my friends that we were tired and heading to the hotel, and so we did.

'Uh... Do you know if the hotel has a side entrance?' I asked.

'Why?'

'There may be some cleanup happening in the lobby.'

'Oh.'

Luckily, there was a side entrance, so I avoided the reception and the crowd. Only about half the whole resort saw my shameful double accident, but at least the rest of my friends never knew. Maya comforted me by telling me about the time she'd peed herself—this was not the time on the beach a few days earlier—and the rest of our friends even heard a rumor going around the hotel about the young woman who'd pooped herself in the lobby, but we simply laughed, and they were none the wiser. Luckily, the rumors couldn't agree on what color my bikini had been: some claimed white, some blue, some purple, some black swimsuit. All of them claimed D cups.

'That's disgusting,' said Pam. Oh, great. She was back.

'I'd have to agree with you there,' said Phil. The two of them were sitting close together. Maybe they had been out making passionate love after all (missionary, naturally).

Fanny looked at me with pleading eyes. I had promised no one would be disgusted. Of course, I hadn't known what she was going to tell us. I was going to have to figure something out.

'Come over here and sit with us,' I said, patting a space beside me. I had Fiona scoot out to make room, which she did, with a look that seemed to be part pity, part... jealousy?

'Elisa, are you disgusted?'

She shook her head. 'No, dear, I feel so bad for you.' Fanny blushed.

'Fiona, what do you say?'

She looked me in the eyes when she answered, but addressed Fanny. 'No, dear, not at all.'

'Don't be ashamed,' I said. 'I told you, everyone in this room has an embarrassing story to tell. Can't fault you for being brave enough to tell us about your most embarrassing moment. Some in this room are too ashamed of being human to admit to any weakness.' I shot a telling look in the direction of the frat boy and the nun of the high order of propriety and Victorian ethics.

'I'd like to hear about your friend's story,' said Elisa. Clever girl. She was deflecting away from Fanny, allowing her to take the spotlight off her own shame.

Fanny looked at me as if to ask permission, and I nodded for her to go ahead.

Oh... If you want to hear it, I'll see if I remember. Mostly I remember just feeling relieved and a little emotional that she would embarrass herself in order to make me feel better about my own... embarrassment. That's my strongest memory of her story, just the soothing feeling. We were on my bed and she was stroking my hair, she's really sweet. And she was right: after she told the story, I realized that it was kind of hilarious, in its way. Well, I guess I feel that way when we talk about the story now, anyway. Still embarrassing to tell that story to strangers, it's not exactly cocktail party material.

So here goes. This is what I remember of what she told me:

My boyfriend and I went downhill skiing. Of course, we had to dress in full winter gear, with a heavy alpine jacket and snowpants. The ski boots are really stiff and hard to walk in if you remove your skis. (She didn't tell me that, it's something you'd know if you've ever been alpine skiing. But I'm just telling you to set the scene.)

So we were up in the mountains, skiing all day. For the better part of the day, we were doing the pistes, and towards the end we walked a bit out of the way and sat down halfway up the mountain to drink some cocoa and relax. Hot chocolate always gets my bladder going. Now, my boyfriend at the time—I'm sure you've met him—he and I have split up. He was a really macho guy. Very hot, a very muscular guy, but I think he was doing some heavy juicing to get there. He was big, but not that big when I met him.

And whatever it was he was doing, whether it was simply his personality changing or whether it was an excess of testosterone, he became this very dominating, macho guy. So he dragged me up to the top of the mountain under the pretense that we were going to ski down the hardest piste on this face of the mountain, which was already way too scary to me and I only went along because he'd call me a little bitch if I didn't. I'm an experienced skier, but I don't feel like I need to prove it by racing the fastest I can down the hardest path possible. And by this point I had to pee, as well.

But when we got up there, he'd changed his mind. Or maybe this was his plan all along. He told me we were going off piste, skiing in the powder off the trail. This is exponentially more dangerous than skiing on piste, and much more demanding as well. I was scared to death, but I was too scared to go down the piste alone, so I had to follow him into the powder. And he set off full speed, too, so I had no choice but to speed up as well, afraid I'd get lost halfway up the mountain, unable to get either back up or safely down. I've never been that afraid in my life.

And then, I shit you not—sorry, I didn't mean it like that—halfway down, a freaking avalanche started. I couldn't have known, but it was actually off to the side of us, so we weren't in danger, but I squatted into position to go as fast as possible, convinced I was going to die. And so I was hurtling down the mountain far from any prepared trail, about to lose sight of my boyfriend's back, fully believing I was trying to outrace an avalanche—unlike in James Bond movies, this is impossible—and going so fast if I made one wrong adjustment of my weight, I'd probably break half the bones in my body and then I'd certainly be done for.

We made it down the mountain without breaking anything or being buried by a thousand tons of snow. Miraculously. I had tears in my eyes, I was coughing so hard I was afraid my lungs would fall out, and if not for being out of breath, I would have cursed my boyfriend to hell and back.

You can probably understand why it took me a few minutes to come fully back into reality. I realized the avalanche has passed several hundred meters off to our side. Not considered a safe distance by any means, but it meant we had never been in real danger of getting caught up in it, as long as we followed a straight path down. And then I realized I no longer had to pee. My woolen underpants and my panties under my snowpants were hot and wet. I'd been so afraid I pissed my pants and didn't even realize it. My mind had been so far off my bladder, it had released all on its own. I've never before or after been so scared.

Then there was the drive back home, several hours. I didn't dare tell my boyfriend. I knew how he'd react. I was thinking the relationship was over anyway, but I needed to get home first before I made it official. But after about an hour in the car, the pee had cooled and it was an old car with a faulty heater. It was getting so icky and cold that I had to ask my boyfriend to stop at a gas station.

'Why?' He asked.

'I have to change.'

'Why can't it wait?'

'Because I pissed my fucking pants on the last run when you almost got us killed! Okay?'

He didn't take it well. He called me a baby and a bitch and many other things. I started to cry. I told him to go fuck himself and he got so mad he drove off and left me at a gas station in the middle of nowhere, and I had to call my mom and get her to pick me up, sitting there with a plastic bag full of peed clothes for almost two hours. So don't feel bad about pooping your pants, honey. At least you weren't almost killed by an avalanche.

'Man,' said Elisa. 'What a cunt that boyfriend was.'

'Absolutely,' said Fiona.

Fanny seemed to have regained her spirits. 'Yeah, she has a knack for finding those guys, Maya. Unfortunately. After she told that story, I felt like she was the one in need of comforting. I think that was the point.'

'That's what friends do,' I said. 'They lift up those who fall down, they don't step on them and push them further into the mud.'

'Aww,' said Elisa. 'Was that a Disney quote?'

'I don't appreciate your sarcasm.'

She stuck her tongue out. I appreciated her tongue, if not all the words that passed over it.

The candles were burning down, and it was about time everyone headed to bed. The bed arrangements were not four star, exactly. Two bunk beds, that's space for four people. Eight if two people squeezed themselves into each bunk. Still two left to sleep on the hard wooden floor. Oh, well. I was sure I could get something out of that situation.

'I'm going to bed,' I said to Fiona.

'Might as well,' she said.

'I'm so sleepy,' said Fanny. 'But I need to pee first. I really need to pee first.' When she stood up, she stumbled. Poor girl could hardly walk. I stood up and caught her just as she threatened to plant her face on the floor. Being the horny gentleman that I was, I took her arm and steadied her as she stumbled into the night. I was disappointed to see that her crotch appeared to be perfectly dry still, but then again, I had seen and heard about enough accidents for a lifetime tonight, so I guess it was a bit much to ask for even more.

We made our way to the outhouse, and I added a modicum of taste to the scene by remaining outside as she peed—loudly. At this point, she was so drunk I'm not sure she would have cared if I had entered with her, and I was just barely not drunk enough to do so. When she finished up, she stumbled back into my arms, and I walked her inside. We made our way into one of the two, small bedrooms. Elisa and Fiona, perhaps feeling spurned by my saving yet another maiden in distress—or perhaps just not that interested in me—had taken the upper bunk. Which suited me fine, I guess, since that meant I could take the lower bunk with Fanny. We were short on beds, so was there any reason for her not to jump in bed with me? I let her climb in first and then I climbed after. She seemed to tense for a moment, and then she relaxed, and I knew I was in.

I put my arm behind her neck. 'So, are you going to pee the bed tonight?' I whispered. Always whispering to girls, you sly fucker.

'No. Are you?'

'I don't plan on it.'

'I never plan to, either.'

*016*2014-07-08 17:55

'I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.'

I woke up to find Fanny on top of me, clambering to get past and out of bed. She was whisper-shouting and clearly in a hurry. Unfortunately, in her haste she didn't allow me to move out of the way, so instead she crawled over and fell face first onto the floor, too disoriented to break the fall. Her head audibly bounced off the floor.

'Oh my god, are you okay?' I said. It wasn't far to the ground, but the sound of it had been nasty. I looked down and was rewarded by a sight that eclipsed every joy I'd witnessed thus far in my journey. In the dimness of the room it was hard to see, but I made damn sure to soak in every detail. Her face was buried in the floor. She'd shyly slipped off first her jeans, and then her bra when we went to bed, explaining that 'I just can't get to sleep any other way.' Now I could see the side of her bare breast as her chest was crushed to the floor, while her flat tummy arced upwards, her knees slightly elevating her ass, which was almost thrust in my face as I peered down. She had on cotton panties—which I had always preferred, the kind that accentuates the slight curve of what, to me, is the perfect bottom—and in the crack between her legs, I saw a spot form from a pinprick to a coin to two as the impact of the fall made her begin to wet.

I clambered out of bed myself and attempted to help her to her feet, but she would only get into a sitting position, trying to cover up her face and breasts. I took hold of her face and lifted it into view. Her forehead was a little bumped, and her eyes were red and watery, but otherwise, she appeared to be fine.

'I'm a little dizzy,' she said. Her eyes appeared unfocused, but it was hard to tell in the dark. 'I... need to go outside.' I helped her to her feet. A panicked look shot across her face as she realized how exposed she was. 'No, no, no... Please... I need my clothes.' I handed her a shirt I saw lying around, which may have belonged to either of the girls sleeping peacefully in the upper bunk. She quickly pulled it on. 'My pants, I can't go out like this, what if someone sees me?'

There were jeans on the floor, so I picked up a pair of those as well. Fanny struggled to get them on, but needed to hold herself between her legs to keep from peeing more—pushing the wet cotton into her pussy. I decided to take action. If nothing else exciting happened before we (hopefully) were rescued from our disease-imposed exile, I needed to see this to the end. So I took the pants from her and bunched them up so that she could step into one foot at a time, then pulled them to her waist like a child. She attempted to button them, but yelped and quickly repositioned her hands in her crotch, trying to cover up a pee stain with her hands. I buttoned the pants for her and took her by the arm.

I was still in my boxers, which were sporting a hefty boner, and reflected for a moment, now more sober than a few hours earlier and with the beginnings of a headache, that my enjoyment of helpless women was almost pathological. But after all, I'd done nothing to make this situation come about, nothing to deliberately torture someone against their will—I was simply getting enormous enjoyment out of the torture someone else put themselves through, and perhaps more so, by the ability to make it all right once they could bear the torture no más.

I pulled her through the living room, her still frantically massaging her nether regions in a manner far too naughty for me to take, and got her past the squeaky door onto the porch. Then the floodgates burst. 'Neeeeeeeeeej...' Fanny exclaimed. 'Snälla!' I didn't know what it meant—well, I could figure out the first one—but I assumed they were cries of desperation. I looked down to see her crotch rapidly darken and a stream developing down her left thigh, and then she let go of my arm and sat down on the porch, burying her head in her hands. My eyes now adjusted to the darkness, I could see the planks below her jeans butt darken, a pool of pee emerging both between her butt cheeks and from the sides, wetting the lower half of her shirt, her thighs, everything. Man, this girl could piss. All the while, she sat there silently, her hissing and the occasional cry of a songbird heralding the coming morning the only sounds.

'I'll be right back,' I said, giving her what I hoped was a loving touch on the shoulder. I walked inside, put on some pants and a shirt, and rummaged around for a dry towel, but couldn't find one, so I simply headed outside again and decided emotional comfort would have to do.

Fanny still sat in the same spot, except now her face was up from her hands, and she was staring into empty space. 'Don't worry,' I said.

'Don't worry! Fuck you! That's your answer to everything? How can I not...' She yelled, and then realized she'd wake up everyone and alert them to her disgrace, and settled for silently weeping. 'I'm such a baby. I couldn't even manage a night without peeing myself.'

I put my arm around her shoulder. She didn't object, so I used my other arm to wipe the tears off her face, then pressed her head into my shoulder and began stroking her hair. Oh, god. The caretaker fantasy incarnate. It felt so wrong to be sporting a boner in a moment like this, and yet I couldn't do anything about my physiology. I could no more help getting turned on by seeing a girl embarrassed and wet than she could help from being—I assumed—accident prone.

'You're not a baby. Babies are tiny humans that drool and can't speak and crawl on the floor, remember? You are a grown woman who did a little thing. There's nothing wrong with that. Remember the story about my girlfriend—my ex girlfriend—who peed herself in front of everyone at the mall?'

'Uh huh.'

'Would you like to hear what I told her when we got home and got into bed?'

'Uh huh.'

So I whispered some soothing words into Fanny's ear that shall remain between us two as night turned into dawn around us. There was mist in the air, and the light had a mysterious quality to it—like I imagine it inside some troll-infested haunted forest to the North of Sweden. But I barely paid it any mind, preoccupied as I was with the wet girl in front of me. She was shivering, probably uncomfortable in the cooling puddle she had yet to move away from, so I started rubbing her shoulders. Once she had calmed down sufficiently, I felt I had to come clean.

'Full disclosure: I feel naughty for it, but seeing you like this is turning me on.'

Fanny separated herself from me far enough so that we could see each others' faces and chuckled. 'Full disclosure, then: I kind of figured. I've been eyeing your boner all night. I mean—not like that. Only I noticed it, is all.'

'So you don't mind?'

She had a pensive look. 'You did make me feel better. And you never judged me. So I suppose it's a small price to pay.'

Shit. This wasn't at all what I wanted to hear. I let go of her, and to my surprise she seemed disappointed. 'I don't want you to feel obligated. If you want to be left alone, I'll leave you alone. I'm not really a nice guy. I mean, not the kind who pretends to be nice to girls just because he secretly hopes somehow it'll get him laid. Fuck that. I got my boner proudly on display, but if you think the kindness came from my dick and not from my heart, I'm out of here.'

Fanny looked hurt. 'You're mean,' she said.

'Yes, that's who I am. Are you going to cry again? Because I really don't want you to be sad. I mean that.' And then, a smirk: 'But I also have a raging boner.'

'I... just want to feel good,' she said.

I put my hands under her armpits, and once she didn't object, I helped her sit on my lap, felt my own pants get wet from her still soaking jeans. 'I can make that happen,' I said.

'I'm such a little girl,' she said.

'A naughty little girl.'

'A naughty little girl,' she agreed.

'But if you're my naughty little girl, I'm going to make sure you're not sad.'

'I only just met you,' she said.

'True. And the world only just ended. And you're only just now on my lap.'

I played with her hair. Then I tightened my grip and drew her head back a little. Her breathing grew deeper. I put my other hand on her chest and felt her heart beating harder. Cupped her breast, gauging the reaction. She moaned. 'Would you like some help getting cleaned up?'

'Yes.'

'Then you wait here a minute, and I'll just go get something real quick.'

'But it's cold out here,' Fanny complained.

'Don't be a pouty little girl. Turn that frown upside down.' I leaned forward, tilted her head back, and kissed her. Held it, opened my mouth, held it again. She made a purr of the kind that is perhaps my favorite sound in the world—aside from the hiss of piss through denim. I lifted her off me and ran inside to get some supplies.

Then I lead her to the back of the outhouse, where I lowered her pissy pants and her panties and cleaned her up so properly she was biting into my neck to keep from screaming.

Once inside—after she obliged me with a pirouette so I could once more admire the sight of her accident—and in bed, entangled naked under a thin blanket, she said: 'I was never the girl who always made it to the bathroom.'

'I figured.'

'I mean, my parents would never trust me on car trips. Did you remember to go, Fanny? It was embarrassing. I was fifteen.'

'Have you ever worn diapers?'

'Not since I was, like, really young. Maybe eight.'

'Eight isn't so young for diapers.'

She punched my arm.

'We should make that happen.'

Fanny murmured.

'You know what? Let's go on an adventure tomorrow. Would you like that?'

'I would.'

*019*2014-08-30 00:11

'What the fuck?'

I was woken up by Elisa, stood beside our bunk, holding a pair of very wet, stinking jeans. The same ones I had buttoned Fanny into, Fanny who was still asleep beside me.

'Someone pissed my pants!'

I didn't know what to say. I'd dressed a desperate girl in another girl's clothes, and she'd had an accident in them, and we were ensconced in a little shack hiding out from a deadly virus. This situation does not occur more than once in a man's life.

'You did, silly!' I was saved from above. Fiona, in the bunk above, had woken up. 'You must have wet yourself last night. I'm... pretty sure I remember you peed yourself.'

Elisa looked at me, dumbfounded. 'But I have two pairs of wet clothes.'

'You were drunk,' I offered.

She blushed. I felt bad for her, I really did, but I felt worse for Fanny. I sensed that out of the two girls, Elisa would take the news of a drunken accident, another drunken accident, better.

'I've got a pair of wet panties myself,' Fiona offered. 'I'm more than a little embarrassed. But it happens. Let's just get over it. It's all that little prick's fault, anyway,' she said, jumping off the bunk and gesturing at me. 'If he hadn't started talking about bathroom accidents, none of this would have happened.'

I was caught red-handed. So I did what one does. I fucking owned it. I went all in. You ever hear of The Naked Man? Barney's move from How I Met Your Mother. Surprise your date with nakedness and hope it goes well. Either she tells you to get the fuck out, you creep, or you receive sex. Shock and awe, it's called. Well, I wasn't about to whip out my dick literally, but I did go with a metaphorical all-in.

'And you liked it. You fucking loved it, Fiona. It got you hot and bothered.'

As predicted, she was shocked. She blushed, not knowing what to say. Elisa dropped her pee-soaked jeans and looked on in disbelief. This was the moment of truth. Either they were all going to label me a creep and chase me straight into HRIV and an early grave, or this adventure was going to turn even more interesting.

I'm still telling you the story.

Fanny groggily peered out from under the covers. 'What's going on?' she inquired.

Fiona had got her wits back and answered, 'This creep is telling me I get turned on by wetting myself.'

'Well,' Fanny said, sitting up, exposing her breast, subconsciously upping my sex appeal—sorry, that's just how I think sometimes, I've been brainwashed to analyze any interaction with women in terms of is it getting me laid or not, whatever happens—by suggesting that she had indeed jumped into bed with me. 'Well, do you?'

Fanny's face grew crimson.

Elisa sat down on my bed. There really wasn't room for two, let alone three, but she sat down, and I extended a hand to Fiona as well. Reluctantly, she took it, and somehow, we all managed to cuddle and muddle into a bunk fit for one. I could feel three sets of breasts pressing on my chest. Fanny lay her head on my shoulder, all girlfriend-like. I was in heaven. I was in a story. The story of my life had become a sexual fantasy.

'I lied, earlier,' Elisa said. 'About not having had any accidents before.'

'You did?' I said.

'You like naughty girls?'

I nodded.

I was a real naughty girl once. You know, I didn't realize discover masturbation until I was fifteen. But I made up for it in spades. As I grew older, I started getting bolder. Getting off in inappropriate situations became quite the turn-on. I'm a little ashamed to admit it, but I was getting off everywhere. School bathrooms, weekly. But then I grew bolder still.

There was this one day I went shopping with a few friends. I was about seventeen or eighteen and still living at home with my mom. So we spent the morning and early afternoon chatting, window shopping, and regularly stopping by the water fountain. Then, because we'd been good girls and hadn't succumbed to the temptation to spend what little money we had on clothes we couldn't really afford, we celebrated by eating dinner at a nearby restaurant. I'd had some tea at a café earlier, and then we'd been gulping down water, and I had several glasses of wine at dinner.

As we chatted over food, I started noticing two distinct feelings. For one, all that liquid was filling up my bladder and I knew I should stop by the bathroom soon. But more importantly, I was really, really fucking horny. So horny I was even considering excusing myself to the restroom solely to get off. And remember, this was just a day out with my girlfriends, and I'm no lesbian. I wasn't turned on by anything in particular, I was just hormonal I guess. As I swirled my wine glass, all I could think of was my vibrator, of tongues swirling rhytmically down there. I didn't end up going to the bathroom, though. I feared I'd simply be too naughty, and even for me I felt it was a bit too naughty to excuse myself from dinner with friends to go masturbate. Instead, I settled for subtly kneading myself against a table post. We finished dinner, and I still hadn't either peed or come. I said my goodbyes and caught a cab home, by this time quite drunk on both wine and hormones.

In the cab, I realized I really needed to pee. Now my kneading down there was as much to avoid peeing in the cab seat as it was for sexual reasons. By the time we arrived at my doorstep and I had to pay the cabbie, I was having to hold myself, and the moment the guy, he was quite attractive too, a young stud driving a cab for pocketmoney to spend on girls and alcohol and drugs I imagine—but maybe I'm just being judgmental—at the moment he turned around, you know, I had to maintain some propriety and remove my hands from my crotch, and hold on with my spinchter alone. Lemme tell ya, it was pure torture. I could feel a whole day's pee pushing to get out, and I was tensing every muscle in my lower body to hold it in. Finally, I managed to find some cash in my purse and threw it at the cabbie and got out.

As the story progressed, everyone was getting progressively closer. By the time Elisa was approaching the climax of her story, I had six breasts pushing against me, I had slender legs around mine, I had three girls practically jumping my bones. Regrettably, this story does not end with a four-way orgy. But to be fair, Elisa's story was pretty damn fucking sexy.

I ran for my front door, only thinking of the bathroom, my horniness momentarily forgotten. But then I had to stand there in front of the locked door looking for the key in my purse, it had to be there somewhere, I had no idea if my mom was home or not and I really didn't want her to see me in this state. I was jumping from foot to foot, crossing my legs, stopping my search for the key to squeeze my crotch, pee-pee dancing like a little girl on my front step. Finally I found the key and got inside. Didn't even remove my shoes, which we always did in my house, that's how I was brought up. I was wearing a dress, but thankfully no high heels, since we'd been walking all day I'd been a bit more sensible in my choice of footwear.

To get to be bathroom, however, I had to pass the door to the living room. The hall was dark, but I could see and hear the TV on in the living room. Regretfully, I peered inside to see my mom sitting on the couch watching, well, let's just say, it wasn't porn, but it was pretty close. It was one of those arthouse films—my mom always liked alternative cinema, she was into all those Russian and Japanese and Korean and other weird directors—one of those films that have some deeper meaning to them, supposedly, but still don't shy away from a sex scene or twenty, not trashy like a Hollywood film, but really, really sensual.

I guess they know they'll never get wide distribution anyway, so why not show some skin? And my mom, she was never shy about that stuff. She'd sit through a sex scene like it was nothing. It was just part of the film's overall story to her, I guess. But at this point, seeing a girl and a boy slowly undressing each other on the TV, standing there in the doorway, my horniness returned with force.

My mom noticed me in the doorway, and I hurriedly removed my hands from my pants. 'Hey, honey,' she said. 'You're late, but I guess you're grown up now. I'm just watching this film, you really should see it from start to finish, but I'd really enjoy it if you sat with me and just watched the ending. I don't see a lot of you these days.' On the table beside the sofa was an empty bottle of red wine. My mom was possibly drunker than me, and she tended to get both lovey-dovey and philosophical when she got drunk.

She wasn't a drunk, mind you, she drank responsibly, but like everyone, sometimes she drank a bit more than perhaps she should have. She wasn't a bad mother by any means. I love hear, I really do. I actually liked it when she got in this mood, because when I was younger, but still too old for it really, she'd take me on her lap if I woke up when she sat there drinking and watching some arthouse film, and she'd stroke my hair and tell me how I was the best thing that ever happened to me, and sometimes I needed to hear that.

But anyway, I was about to piss myself and also about to pop from sexual frustration, so I kind of stumbled or shuffled over to the sofa and sat beside my mom, who draped a blanket over me. She kissed me on the forehead, and then she leaned back and concentrated on the film again. And the boy and girl were still going at it, they had—in arthouse style—spent five minutes of screentime removing one item of clothing, and now he was, well, you get it, he was getting ready to do her. I still to this day have no idea what that film was really about, but I do remember there was a sex scene.

So I sat there with my hands deeply buried under the blanket, in my lap, squirming, clenching my buttocks and sphincter and everything else to hold in my pee. And then I started watching, and I became unbelievably aroused in that way you only ever get when you're nearing the end of puberty and you still haven't had sex. And so I did the naughtiest thing I'd ever done up to that point. Squirming under the blanket—my mother oblivious to my plight, drunk and totally into the movie on another plane—my hand crept under my dress, into my panties, and I started to massage myself down there. Soon, my hand took on a life of its own—I still can't believe I was masturbating right next to my mom, but in my defense I was drunk and hormonal—and I was pleasuring myself to the rhythm of the fucking going on in the movie.

I grabbed a pillow in anticipation of the climax, and when it finally came, my whole body exploded in pleasure, I was positively shaking, and I bit down on the pillow to muffle my scream. I really had never had an orgasm like that before, and it was right beside my mom. The naughtiness added somehow to the sexiness.

But then. I'd forgotten all about my need to pee, and in the moment of climax, all my muscles clenched and released—including those surrounding my bladder. As I was sailing onto cloud nine in ecstastic pleasure, I began peeing myself. And once I got started, there was nothing I could do. In the post-orgasmic bliss, I could only sit there as I felt a whole day's worth of pee soak my panties, gather around my bum, build a puddle in the sofa, warming my ass, warming my pussy, getting all over my fingers, soaking my dress, seeping into the sofa. I could even feel a stream going down one of my legs, trickling down to the floor. I had just orgasmed in front of my mother and then peed myself. The warm feeling, I can admit it now...

Yes! Was I really converting all these pretty ladies to my fetish?

The mixture of post-orgasmia and warm wetness around my bum and pussy was pretty hot, in its way. But more than that, it was incredibly embarrassing. It would have been embarrassing enough if my mom had caught me masturbating right beside her, but now I'd fucking wet myself like a child too.

The movie ended, and my mom turned to me. 'Did you like it?' She asked.

I mumbled something. She gregariously asked me to speak up, tried to get me to engage in a conversation about the film, but I was just sitting there in a cooling pool of piss and getting hotter and hotter in my cheeks as my asscheeks were getting colder and clingier and smellier. However was I going to get out of this conundrum? In my drunken state, I had no idea. There was no way I was getting out of this with my dignity intact. Even if I got away tonight, my mom would surely discover the gigantic pee spot on the sofa tomorrow, and we had no pets I could blame it on.

Tears were forming in my eyes.

Finally, my mom was catching onto the fact that something wasn't aright.

'Honey, what's wrong?'

'I...' I didn't know what to say.

'Did I say something wrong?' My mom was concerned.

'No, no, it's not you... Please, can you just... Can you leave me alone? Please? I don't mean to be rude...'

My mom took hold of my shoulders. 'Elisa, I want you to know that you can tell me anything. I'm supporting you, whatever it is. Come, let's get you to bed and we can talk about whatever's bothering you in the morning.' She gently tried to raise me from the sofa, to release my grip from the protective blanket that was the only thing between me and my accident.

The blanket fell to the floor. In the dark, it was hard to see the pee, most of it was under my bum, hidden by my dress, even if the dress had also gotten wet and there was a little spot on the floor as well. I saw a chance to get away, so I rose quickly, grabbed the blanket and tried to escape.

But my mom saw. 'Elisa!' I turned around, tomato red in the face. 'Elisa, honey, did you have an accident?'

Those are some of the most embarrassing and belittling words you can ever hear as an adolescent or as an adult. Your own mother asking you if you didn't make it to the bathroom in time, with that admixture of concern, motherly love and disappointment in her tone.

I started to cry. She closed the gap between us and surveyed the damage. 'Oh, my. Why didn't you go to the bathroom, Elisa honey? Didn't you notice you had to go? Did you put it off?'

'I'm kinda drunk,' I stammered. It was the best excuse I could come up with.

'Elisa, it's OK for you to have a little wine, but I'm worried for you if you're so drunk you can't tell you're peeing your pants.'

I was full-on crying now. But inwardly, I was also thinking of that moment when I climaxed. My first serious, head-exploding full-body orgasm. And while I was shaking, tears drowning my makeup so my face looked as if through a rainy afternoon café window, I was also sort of aroused by the situation. Or at least enjoying the feeling of someone taking care of me. I just sort of gave up on being grown-up for a moment and allowed my mom to toddler me around.

She cleaned up the sofa as best she could, and then she led me to bed. 'Go to the bathroom right now,' she commanded me. I stripped, took a quick shower, and came out again wrapped in a towel. While in there I couldn't resist directing the showerhead down south, but I couldn't quite reach the heights of my previous climax.

As I came out, my mom put me to bed. She made me sleep on the towel, just in case I had any more accidents, she said, because clearly I was too drunk to be in full possession of my years of potty training. It was all horribly embarrassing, but looking back, so fucking hot too.

I was speechless. I had misjudged Elisa: I'd thought I needed to convert her to the dark side, but it turns out she was naughtier than me even and would rather have to convert me to the evils of masturbating in front of your parents and peeing the couch while coming.

'Well,' said Fiona. 'I don't know what to say about that story.'

'I think it was hot,' said Fanny. 'But it sounds too good to be true. Did it really happen?'

Elisa nodded, but she was also blushing. 'Uhh, well maybe not exactly like that, but the general gist of it. I got drunk, I hadn't peed all day, I masturbated under a blanket next to my mom, and I peed myself when I climaxed. But that story isn't as exciting as the one I told, is it?'

I shook my head. 'Elisa, honey, come here. You're the naughtiest girl I've ever met and I love it.'

We were all jumbled together, and I was still entertaining the possibility of a watersports foursome with myself as the stud in the middle.

But then Fanny stepped in. She leaned over and kissed me deeply on the mouth, and as I reciprocated, the other two women dispersed. Apparently I was a marked man. Fanny was marking her territory, and as if her tongue hadn't been enough, I felt a familiar warmth spread underneath me as she emptied herself onto me.

She was literally wetting on me to mark her territory.

And I was getting a boner.

(Apologies, guys. Things have been going on in my life and I haven't had either the inspiration or the will to write anything. To get this story going again, I'm launching into a wild fantasy that I'm fully aware is entirely unrealistic. But don't worry, I intend to reel it in a bit so it doesn't appear the main character is magically going to sleep with every woman he encounters. Just keep in mind this is really just a vehicle for me to tell the hottest, weirdest, wildest omorashi stories I can think of. I want every variety of the fetish represented. But also, editor's note: I do not intend to suggest incest with the scene above. Nothing of the sort is going on there, we're just talking a horny teenager being naughty and a mom putting her apparently blackout drunk daughter to bed.)

*023*2015-12-03 03:26

I promised an update.

###

I decided that we might as well do something useful to pass the time, so I suggested we get a group together and explore the surrounding countryside. 'Who wants to come?' I asked our little group over a late breakfast.

'I'm coming,' said Fanny, 'and you don't get a choice in the matter.'

'That's fine.' More than fine. With any luck, no one else would want to come and we could have some fun in the woods. But of course, the last twenty-four hours had been a perfect, dirty hailstorm, and it wasn't going to repeat itself this decade. Phil said he would come, and I was surprised when Pam said she would come as well. I thought I'd seen them go out together the next before. Maybe they'd hit it off? But it would surprise me if Pam got along with anyone. She'd looked at us, and especially me and the dirty stories I told and coaxed out of others, as if we were dirty philistines. She was stuck with us in the apocalypse, but damned if she wasn't going to make her displeasure known.

'Make sure you stay out of any towns you see, and if you meet anyone else, be very, very careful,' said Elisa. I nodded. It was a risk to leave our safe space, but on the other hand, it seemed like a risk not knowing anything about the area surrounding us, either. We might need to restock on food, or for all I know, the world would descend into madness, laws would break down when the police forces and politicians started dying down, and a roaming band of bandits would attack us. Nothing would surprise me anymore. Well, maybe it'd surprise me if I somehow managed to befriend Pam. Since we were going to be spending the day together, and possibly weeks or months to come, I thought it prudent to take a stab at it anyway.

'So, Pam, tell me about yourself,' I said. 'I didn't get a chance to speak with you much yesterday.'

'Too busy shagging pretty women, I imagine,' Pam said, but Fanny shot her an icy stare, and she let the matter go. Everyone loves to talk about themselves, and soon, she was telling me her life story. She was in her mid-thirties, but looked more like late twenties. Pam had grown up in the Midlands of England, with a wealthy father who fell on hard times—here it was implied that he leaned too much on the bottle, but I wouldn't pry—when Pam was just entering puberty.

She went from getting everything she pointed at to having to count pennies, a change, she said, that ultimately did her good. I wanted to tell her that she'd clearly not put away the snobbish attitude, but I held my tongue. We were strolling leisurely on a wide forest path, and things almost felt like a vacation. Occasionally, Fanny would grab my hand and tug on it, like a jealous little girl. I whispered in her ear that I wanted us all to be friends so we wouldn't start eating each other, and that's why I was giving Pam so much attention. Fanny giggled.

For someone so straight-laced, I would have expected Pam to be the sort of person who knew what she was going to do when she grew up from the moment she left the womb. But she had clearly taken a meandering path through life, studying ecology and pharmacy before finally landing in nursing. But drawing blood and wiping old people's butts didn't suit her, so she ended up getting a degree in accounting and went to work for a private firm. She'd probably spent more time in school than anyone else in our group, and yet she still only held undergraduate degrees. Suddenly, she stopped walking. I looked over and could see that she was getting misty-eyed. 'I'm just thinking about my dog,' she said. 'Who's going to take care of him now? I left him with a friend, and I don't even know if she's still alive.'

'Was it… Uh, what kind of dog do you have?' I said, trying to redirect the conversation to happy memories.

'A corgi,' she said. 'She's very lively.'

'I heard the Queen of England has corgis,' I said.

'You know anything about dogs?' Pam asked.

'Sure. I'm a dog person. Had dogs throughout my childhood. Various hybrids. One was mostly German Shepherd, but he was scared of tiny dogs. One was tiny, a Miniature Pinscher bastard, and would rule the streets. She walked with a swagger like you wouldn't believe.'

We had started walking again and were approaching a clearing. A little stream ran alongside the path, and I bent down to fill my bottle, which I'd already half drained in the heat.

'Hey, careful,' said Phil. 'What if someone sick is, like, lying dead up the creek? Or even just took a whizz in the stream?'

'Don't say things like that!' Fanny yelled. 'I don't wanna think about dead people.'

'I figure it's a safer chance to take when we need to refill water than to travel into a town, and there's no reason why a water reservoir that's plugging into the grid couldn't also be infected. A man has to drink, right?'

'Do you have any dogs now?' Pam asked.

'No, not since I moved out. It's too much responsibility.'

'Look at this guy,' said Fanny, teasing. 'Can't even commit to a dog. What's a woman gotta do to lock you down?'

'You don't have to walk your woman every day and take her outside when she has to go to the bathroom. Most women I know can even feed themselves.'

Pam laughed. It was the first time since I'd met her she'd cracked a smile at anything. I realized that her uptight demeanor might just be a coping mechanism. She was scared, just like the rest of us. Perhaps my dirty stories were just my own particular way of coping. Pam was all right. She just needed to set herself above this, to see herself as being apart from the rest of us, to distance herself from the plague. If she didn't bond with our group of survivors, she wouldn't have to think about being a survivor herself. But being around someone like that is highly unpleasant, and could maybe even become downright dangerous. We needed to be able to work together if we were going to survive, and the first step was being able to stand each other.

'I couldn't help but notice that you were rather disturbed by our stories last night. And I couldn't help but think there's a story behind that.'

Pam blushed. 'No, I just think it's disgusting. I don't need to hear about your toilet habits.'

'That's just the thing.' I am very much interested to hear about yours. She had a nice figure. 'We're going to be living in close quarters, ten people in a little hut, for the foreseeable future. We're going to fart and stink of sweat and generally be dirty together, and I don't mean that in a naughty way. We have to get comfortable with each others' human needs and smells and all the rest of what comes with not being in civilization. I think if we can just admit we're all on the same level, then it's easier to forgive each other for not living up to the standards of polite company. We don't have that luxury anymore. I'm sorry, but that was taken from us by a horrible virus and we'll just have to make do with our lot.' Baby, I'm so smooth, I'm zero friction. I was, of course, mainly interested in hearing about dirty exploits, but I wasn't about to admit that.

Pam didn't have anything to say to that. Phil gave me a nod like, 'Nice speech, bro,' and Fanny sent me a mischievous smile.

'I told you about the time I pooped my bikini,' Fanny said. 'I can't believe I told you about that. What could you possibly have that's worse than that?'

'I told you, I don't have any stories like that.' Pam said. 'I'm sorry that happened to you, but it's not exactly something that happens to everyone.'

'You were a nurse,' I said. 'Surely there were times when you had to work long shifts with no breaks?'

'Oh, god, yes,' Pam said. 'Long hours. Shitty pay. Sure, I had to pee, but I stuck it out. And I don't think my former patients would appreciate it if I told you any embarrassing stories about them.'

'They're not here, we'll never know their real names,' I said.

'It's not terribly exciting stuff. I've changed geriatric patients' diapers. I've changed little girls' wet beds. I've had to carry or support countless people to the bathroom when they were too weak to get there on their own. Unlike all of you, these are sick people, they can't help it. There was nothing they could have possibly done different in order not to be so unfortunate.'

'Surely, spending all that time around human waste, you'd have grown a tolerance?' Phil said.

'No, I've rather had quite enough for one lifetime. Shall we walk on?'

We got going again, and said nothing more of the matter. Instead, we resumed our discussion of dogs and pleasant things. Slowly, the canopy overhead got thicker, until it was as dark around us as a moonless night. Fanny grabbed my hand tight. It was eerie, to be going from bright sunshine to a crypt. It felt as if the dark clouds over humanity had somehow become tangible. We could hear the sound of birds dying down around us, and the few sounds there were, were oddly distorted. Fanny was wearing a sundress and shivering. She had goosebumps on her arms, and I stopped for a moment to rub them. 'Will you little lovebirds get going?' Pam said, a bit up the path (a path which had shrunk to be almost undetectable).

'She's cold!' I yelled. I expected a response, but got none, so I kept rubbing until the goosebumps were gone. I looked up to see Fanny with a bewildered look on her face. Wisps of fog were snaking around the bottom of the tree trunks. I looked further up, but couldn't see Pam and Phil anywhere. We walked up the path, but we hadn't gotten more than a hundred meters before there was nothing left to follow. Only trees as far as we could see, which wasn't far in the darkness. We hadn't brought any lights with us, of course. We hadn't expected to be stuck in the dark. Fanny was shivering again. 'Don't be afraid,' I said. 'We'll just wait here for a bit, and when they realize we're not behind them, they'll come back for us. Then we'll go back. The trail is right here, and if we don't stray from it, we'll find our way back into the sunshine in no time.'

'I kinda have to pee,' Fanny said.

'Then just go. There's nobody around.'

She hiked up her dress and dropped her panties, squatting. I could get a good look at everything, but I don't have much of an interest in nude peeing. When she was done, she didn't bother wiping. I did bring a roll. When her dress fell into place, I took a longing gaze at the hem, then brought my hand to her bare thigh, and traced it upwards. In between her legs, her panties had a small, wet spot. 'Is this from before or after you peed?' I asked.

'After. I didn't wipe.'

'Tell me a story. Let's pass the time. Surely that time when you pooped your bikini wasn't the only time you were unlucky, was it?'

'Nuh-uh,' she said.

'Nuh-uh, what? You don't wanna tell me or there's nothing to tell?'

'No, it wasn't the only time.'

'What happened?'

There's a house on the hill in my home town. It's called the Jönsson house. A family lived there long ago, and the father murdered everyone, or something like that. I don't know if it's true. Maybe it's just a spooky story that kids tell each other. But it looks like a ghost house, alone on a hill, kind of run down two-story house. We used to dare each other to spend the night there, and one time, my friend tried to convince me to go. We were about twelve or thirteen years old. I could tell my parents I was staying over at hers, and she'd tell her parents she was staying with me. I told her there was no way. She called me a chicken. Her name was Anja. So, I said, okay, it's only afternoon. We can go there right now, while it's still light out, but we're out of there before it's dark. She went white as a sheet. I think she'd be banking on the fact that I'd chicken out. But now it was too late. No going back.

We took our flashlights and snuck up there. Sometimes the local police, who don't have much to do anyway, patrol the area to make sure the kids aren't up to no good in that old house. We were both more than a little scared, but neither wanted the other to know. We made our way through the fence, then up the grassy hill. When we stood before the big, white house, I grabbed her hand. She insisted we were too old to be holding hands, and I shot back, 'Well, that's all right with me!' And let go, and she grabbed my hand again.

We knocked on the door, absurdly. No one was home. The door was locked. 'Well, that's that, then,' I said, relieved.

'No, no, we have to go around back and see if there's another way in. How else did Lars and the gang get in that time they spent the night here?' I doubt that Lars and the boys every stepped near that house. As far as I know, me and Anja were the only ones who were ever brave enough. And certainly after we told everyone about our experience, it didn't get any less scary.

We walked around the back of the house, and wouldn't you know, there was an unlocked door. We switched on our flashlights and headed inside, still holding hands. We were in a dark hallway. Cobwebs hung from the corners. We walked on. At the end of the hallway was a door, and it opened into the downstairs living room. It was a large room, filled with dusty old furniture, and we split up to explore different corners of the room. I walked over to one of the corners, shining my flashlight on the wall. Then I saw it: there was a message written in blood on the wall.

'Wow.'

Yeah. I screamed and dropped my flashlight on my toe. Anja ran over to see what was up. I was screaming incoherently about blood on the walls. Anja shined her light on the wall. 'Silly. It's just graffiti.' But by then it was too late. I could feel my panties warming up. I was too afraid to speak. The pee rushed out of me, soaking through my jeans and dripping onto the floor, like blood off a butcher's knife. I was too scared to be embarrassed. I could just stand there, looking at the message on the wall, and when it registered with me what it said, I lost all control over myself. I was crying, and my bladder just let completely go. It ran down the insides of my thighs, warming them, then out the holes of my legs into my sneakers. I could feel my socks get wet. It was awful.

The message read: JAG SER DIG.

I SEE YOU.

'Fanny, are you seriously wetting yourself?' Anja asked.

I couldn't take my eyes off the walls.

I realized that telling a ghost story when we were stuck alone in a dark forest, having lost our friends, was perhaps not the smartest move. I could see that Fanny was scaring herself with her own story. She was shivering again, and I grabbed her shoulders and held her. Then I snuck a hand under her dress again and gave her a rub between her legs. 'Mhmph, stop it,' she moaned.

'It's just some kids messing around with a spray can,' Anja said. 'I can't believe you peed yourself.'

I ran out of the haunted house. Anja followed me at a leisurely pace. 'You're too old to be wetting yourself like some little girl,' she said.

'Oh yeah?' I blinked the tears away. 'I bet you can't spend five minutes in that room alone. I bet you'll be so scared you'll poop yourself!'

Anja shrugged. 'Five minutes is nothing. I'll spend ten minutes, at least. I wanna explore the rest of the house. If you wanna stand out here by yourself in your pissy pants—' they were chafing against my skin, by the way—'then be my guest.' She headed into the house again. I yelled at her not to leave me alone, then I yelled for her to at least pick up my flashlight for me. Then I was alone. Being alone outside the house was almost as scary as being with Anja inside it.

I couldn't stop thinking about the message on the wall. Who's watching? Who sees me? I looked up at the house, and in the second floor window, I thought I saw something. I felt another trickle of pee rush into my panties. What was even the point? I thought. I was already soaked. My shoes made squishy noises when I moved. I didn't bother holding back, and felt another five-second spurt escape. It heated up my cooling panties. I looked up again and could see that there was a figure in the window. It was Anja, squeezing her face into the glass and grinning an evil grin.

Then I heard a scream, and Anja appeared at the end of the hallway, running toward me. I'd calmed down somewhat from the fear, and I figured it was just an old house. I wanted to get back at her for making fun of me, so I closed the door and held it shut with my body weight. Anja pounded on the door. 'Please! Let me out! There's someone after me, I swear!' I took pity on her. It was probably a rat or a spider she'd seen, but I let her out. 'Run!' She yelled, and took off down the hill. I ran after her.

At the bottom of the hill, on the other side of the fence, we stood, panting. I looked down and saw that there was a small wet patch between the legs of her capris, too. 'Hah! You wet yourself too!' I said, pointing.

'I did not!'

'I can see it, right there.'

'Well at least I didn't completely piss myself like you.'

'One minute you're making faces and scaring me through the window, and the next you're peeing your pants and screaming bloody murder. You're just as much of a pussy as me.'

'What window? What are you talking about?'

'Upstairs.'

'I never went upstairs.'

I gave her another rub, and she bit down on my other hand. 'You're pretty good at ghost stories,' I said.

'I'm afraid,' she said. We were now enshrouded in fog, and could barely see our hands in front of each other. I tried to yell out to Phil and Pam, but they never responded.

