Fullmetal Fanfiction- Winry

Author: FateAndFire404

*000*2014-03-04 05:08

"Come on, Winry, hurry up!" Ed yelled from the front porch of the Rockbell's home, tapping his foot against Winry's suitcase.

"I'm coming, Ed!" Winry gracefully breezed through the front door, her eyes shining and her long, blonde hair flowing behind her. "I'm ready, let's go."

Winry and Edward began the walk to the Resembool Train Station. They were traveling to Central, where they were to meet up with Al, Ed's younger brother. It was very warm that day, and Winry was sipping on a bottle of pop.

"You'd better not drink too much, Winry. There aren't any toilets on the first train, and you won't get to go for at least an hour and a half, at the first stop over." Ed warned her.

"Oh no, why didn't you tell me sooner? I uhm..." Her voice trailed off and she screwed the cap back on the soda bottle.

"You what?"

"Nothing, shut up, Ed."

Ed shrugged, and still lugging Winry's suitcase, continued their trek to the station.

After a short walk, they arrive, and Ed notices Winry looking around the station, almost panicked.

"Winry, what are you doing?"

"Nothing, Ed! Just shut up!" She doesn't stop scanning the train station though.

Just then, their train pulls up, and Winry boards while Ed puts her belongings in the luggage car. He then joins her on the train, where she is sitting in an empty row. The train is nearly empty; not many people travel to and from the small area of Resembool. Ed sits across from Winry, who is sitting with her legs crossed, looking out the window.

The train begins to move, and Ed yawns, thinking of the impending boredom of an hour-long train ride with nothing to do.

"Want to play a game of cards?" He asks Winry.

She nods, and Ed takes the deck of cards from his pocket. As they play a few rounds, Ed notices Winry getting fidgety- almost looking as if she is in pain.

"Winry," He begins, in a serious tone that he doesn't use often with her, "really, what's wrong?"

Winry bites her lip and whispers, "I forgot to go to the bathroom before leaving Granny's." She then blushes a bright red.

"Oh, I uh. You can hold it, right?" Ed stammers.

The thought of how long she must wait increases her needs, and Winry squirms in her seat. "I hope so."

They continue playing cards for a while, when suddenly, Winry gasps and leans forward quickly, thrusting her hands up her navy skirt.

Ed, upon seeing this, involuntarily feels a movement in his pants. "Dead puppies. Granny Pinako. Gluttony. Teacher's lessons." He thinks to himself, moving his jacket to cover his lap.

When Winry looks back up, there are tears brimming in her eyes. "Ed, how much longer?"

Sympathetically, Ed replies, "I think about 45 minutes, maybe an hour."

Winry bites her lip again and whispers, "Ed, I really need to go." Her hands were still in between her legs.

Ed felt more pressure in his pants, and cleared his throat. "I'm sorry, I don't know what to do." He then asks if Winry wanted to play anymore cards, to keep her mind off of it, to which she shakes her head.

Time passes slowly, with Winry still holding herself. After a while, she cannot sit still, either. She and Ed make eye contact, and she blushes as tears begin to run down her face. "Ed, stop looking at me, it's embarrassing."

He puts his head down a bit, but enough that he can still see the lower half of Winry's body. He notices there is a small wet patch on her skirt.

Eventually, the spot grows a bit bigger, and Winry whimpers, "Ed, I can't hold it."

Ed feels very bad for his childhood friend and moves to sit next to her, where he lightly rubs his left hand, the human one, on her back. "If you really need to go just...go. You look like you're in pain. I won't look, and you can wear my jacket when we get off the train so no one can see."

"I'm so embarrassed!" Winry cries, arching herself on the bench train seat. She didn't want to have an accident in front of Ed. Sure, she had before, but that was when they were children...She hadn't wet herself since she was at least six.

"Come here." Ed reaches out and puts his automail hand on Winry's lower stomach. "Your stomach is swollen. We've still got a way to go. Please just go, I hate seeing you cry."

Winry shakes her head and tries to hang on. Ed moves his hand to Winry's thigh without thinking, and Winry doesn't ask him to move it.

"Oh, no..." Winry's body suddenly got very tense, and Ed could see a small puddle forming around her bum and thighs. She began to cry harder as she pressed herself against the seat as hard as she could, trying to hold back the flood. As hard as she tried, she couldn't. Her body finally relaxed as her bladder finished emptying itself, spilling onto the train floor loudly. "Ed, I'm so sorry."

"Don't be. It's okay." He told her as the last bit of her pee dripped onto the floor. When she calmed down, Ed helped her stand and tried to wring out her skirt the best he could onto the wet floor. She tried to pull away, but he was stronger, and wrung it out. He knew that her panties must be sopping wet and uncomfortable also, but there was nothing he could so about that. He moves her across the aisle, to a new seat, and sits her down so her skirt isn't under her bum, that way it might dry a bit more.

"Thank you, Ed." Winry whispered. "For taking care of me."

As he promised, at the stopover station, Ed gave Winry his long, red jacket, and Winry was able to clean up in the restroom and change into clothes from her suitcase. Ed did not mention this to anyone, not even Al, and he and Winry never spoke of it again

Yeah sorry this is really shitty, but oh well haha.

