Elsa and Anna through the ages

Author: omofan77

*000*2015-03-19 04:07

Elsa was in her room when Anna snuck in. "What do you want, Anna?" asked Elsa. "I'm bored," said Anna. "Play with me."

"I was going to read," said Elsa. Then she saw the hopeful look on Anna. "I guess that could wait." So the sisters played many games together. During a game of dolls, Anna stopped. "I have to go the bathroom," said Anna. "Then go," said Elsa. Anna smiled and lifted her dress over a chamber pot. "What are you doing?" asked Elsa. "Going to the bathroom," said Anna. "The bathroom is too far away. This way, we have more time for fun. Besides, you just said I could go to the bathroom. You didn't say where."

Elsa was surprised to see her sister peeing. Elsa lost control and shot ice from her hands, hitting the chamber pot now full of pee. Anna jumped back. Both sisters looked surprised. Elsa tried again and snow came from her hands. "You're magic!" shouted Anna. Elsa didn't know what to say. Anna walked to the chamber pot and saw it contained yellow ice. "That looks interesting," said Anna. "Why don't you try it?" Curious, Elsa went to another chamber pot. She started to lift her dress and saw Anna looking. "Could you look the other way?"

"Why?" asked Anna. "We're sisters. Besides, I let you watch me. It's only fair I get to watch you. Now go. I want to see what happens."

Elsa guessed she had no choice. Trying not to notice Anna, Elsa peed into the chamber pot, then after cleaning herself with a blanket and dressing, shot from her hands ice, which turned Elsa's pee into yellow ice, just like Anna. "I thought of something fun we can do," said Anna. She told Elsa her idea. "You sure you want to do that?" asked Elsa. "Why not?" asked Anna. "It's something new to try. I think it'll be fun." Elsa smiled. "Maybe it will." After drinking plenty of water, they went to a large room, which Anna, after experimenting with her powers, was able to cover in snow. "You came up with the idea, you should pick what we do first," said Elsa. Anna remembered the yellow ice, then got the idea.

Anna began peeing on the snow, turning it yellow. "Freeze it now," said Anna. Elsa shot a blast of ice and Anna's stream froze, a yellow icicle leading from her vagina onto the snow. "That's cold," said Anna, breaking the icicle and finished peeing. Elsa did the same. "It doesn't feel cold to me. Maybe it's because of my magic." Elsa broke off her icicle as Anna held her's. "En guard," said Anna. They had a short swordfight with the icicles before they broke. Then they drank more while Elsa thought what to pick next. Then they made a snowman. "We'll go on the snowman," said Elsa. "Will the snowman mind?" asked Anna. Elsa went behind the snowman and spoke, acting like the snowman. "It's ok. I could use a little color and warmth. You can just give me a warm hug afterward."

Anna laughed and she and Elsa stood side by side and peed onto the snowman, making two yellow spots at the bottom of the snowman. Then they thanked the snowman and hugged him. Then it was Anna's turn. At her suggestion, both started peeing in the snow. "We can give your magic a break and try to hit each other," said Anna, splashing her pee on Elsa. Elsa got some of her pee on Anna and both used their streams to block and hit each other. When it was Elsa's turn, she followed up on Anna's idea. "Tell me where you're coldest," said Elsa. Anna indicated her feet, which Elsa peed on.

"That tickles and feels warm," said Anna, enjoying the feeling. She peed on Elsa's feet. "I don't need the warmth, but the feeling is still nice," said Elsa. They continued peeing on each other, hitting spots on their legs, finishing with hitting each others vagina, both enjoying the sensation of pee hitting such a sensitive spot more than any body part. Then Anna finished the game by having both of them write their names. When they examined the writing, Anna had written her name in simple letters while Elsa wrote her name very elegantly. After awhile, the snow was gone and both sisters went out the room, never having so much fun before.

In the middle of the night, after some days, Elsa woke up to find Anna walking around. "I was looking for the bathroom," said Anna. "I may have went the wrong way."

"If you have to go, you can use a chamber pot I have," said Elsa. Anna considered. "I have a funner idea. Why don't you make some snow and I'll go on that."

"I don't know," said Elsa. "Our parents said I should be careful with my magic."

"Just make a little snow," said Anna. Elsa thought a little snow would be alright. She made a small patch large enough for Anna to walk around on. Anna thanked her and lifted her nightgown, pulled down her underwear and peed onto the snow, a yellow spot spreading from her feet to the edges.

Elsa remembered how fun peeing on snow was and joined Anna, both sisters making the yellow spots reach the edges very quickly. Soon the entire patch was yellow. Finishing, they cleaned themselves and went to bed, the snow dissapearing later. The next day, Anna asked Elsa to make more snow to help thank Elsa for the night before. Elsa saw how Anna wrote Elsa's name in the snow, in more neat writing. Elsa returned the favor and wrote Anna's name, not bothering to make the writing as neat as she usually did. They finished by writing "Sisters" together.

Years later, Anna was walking through the woods covered in snow. After awhile, she felt the urge to pee. "Great. I have to use the bathroom and I'm stuck in all this snow." She tried to move on, but the feeling got stronger. "I'm not going to make it," said Anna. "I'll have to go here." She went to a tree. "How did I do again? I haven't done this since Elsa and I were kids." Anna tried to remember how it was done. She lifted her dress and pulled down her underwear. "I forgot how cold it was," said Anna, as her vagina was exposed to the cold. "Now what position did we use again?"

Anna bent her knees. "I think it was like this." She relaxed and sighed in relief as a strong stream flowed out and turned the snow at her feet yellow. "I forgot how fun it was," said Anna, relaxing more and able to enjoy the freeing sensation of peeing outside. "I wish Elsa was here to make it more fun and that we practiced more when we were younger." Anna started to lose control of her stream and as she tried to control it, fell over, pee flying all over, leaving yellow spots all over. Anna got up and cleaned herself with her hankerchief, adjusting her clothes. "At least no one saw that. I should have practiced more when we were younger. Maybe Elsa can help me get back in practice just before she thaws the city." Slightly hopeful, Anna continued her search for Elsa.

With Elsa's return later, she and Anna were by themselves in the palace. Anna, showing how close she wanted to be with Elsa again, told her of her attempt to pee in the woods. Elsa laughed. "You were so good at it when we were younger," said Elsa. "I never did it again when I didn't see you anymore," said Anna. Elsa was slient for a minute. "I didn't like being apart from you. I'll try to make up for the lost time." Elsa made a snowy room. "You can practice here as much as you need to."

"Then will you join me as we once did?" asked Anna. "When you get the hang of it again," said Elsa. "I may need you to help me remember as well."

"Then I'll practice every day," said Anna. It was after her many attempts when she could remember how they once did it and Elsa, keeping her promise, joined Anna, who had to help Elsa a little bit. After both peed together, Elsa suggested they meet up later and in the meantime, think of ideas to combine Elsa's magic and peeing. Anna looked forward to the overdue fun that awaited them.

