The Sphere - Page 11

Author: SashaButters

*251*2016-03-19 23:11

{{:

I certaintly think you should drop the spp point of viewi found it dissapointing knowing what the evil company are doing rather than the story progressing and then being like oh so it was planned for april to stab her I was left thinking yeah I knew that was going to happen because I wad told it would

}}

Hmm good point. It kind of does the same with crystal. Maybe I should just stick with one point of view and only reveal things when sasha learns them

*253*2016-03-20 03:30

{{:

Nooooooooooooooooooo....

God damn it... i really, REALLY need to stop reading the stories you people post, they bring me so much anguish when theyre done...

Personally, i think you should keep it like it is, but if you have to change it, have the partswith crystal/the spp have no names or actions, simply dialogue. If youve read ender's game, you know how at the start of each chapter, there's only conversations with nothing else? Sort of like that.

}}

Yeah I know exactly what you mean. That's kind of what I was going for with aspen and briggs

*254*2016-03-21 11:33

The next time Becca awoke, she was staring up at the ceiling of the local hospital. It took her a minute to realize where she was. At first, she thought it had all been a dream. Her rescue. Her mother’s voice telling her she was safe now. It had all been a wonderful dream. She thought she had awoken back on the table at sickbay, still at the SPP’s mercy- until she got a good look at the ceiling above her. She knew that ceiling well. She had spent a month of her life staring up at that same square tiled ceiling. Then she noticed the oxygen tube in her nose.

It was utter agony turning her neck to the side. Her muscles protested with every inch she forced them to move. Her mother was there, sleeping in one of the chairs beside her bed. It was like déjà vu. It was so similar she wondered for a brief second if she had only now awoken from the gunshot. Except this time, it wasn’t her back that was in pain; it was all of her. It felt as if she had been run over by a truck- who then put it in reverse, backed over her and then ran over her one more time for good measure.

She wanted to call for her mother. To let her know she was awake. To let her know she was alive. But the words wouldn’t come out. All that came out were strangled croaking sounds. It did the trick regardless. Becca watched her slowly come to life. Her eyes flickered for a moment before they rested on Becca.

She wanted to ask her what happened, but even her throat hurt too much. It was as if she had lost her voice along with the ability to use her muscles. She wanted to know why. Why did she hurt? Why couldn’t she speak words? How had her mother known she was in danger? She tried to speak anyway. Nothing but different pitched moans.

Heather smiled sadly as her eyes ran up and down Becca’s body. “Hi, honey.” She whispered. “You were in there for six days. It probably felt like a lot longer to you.” Becca blinked in agreement. Her eyelids were all she could move. “The doctor said you might not be able to move for a while. Looks like he was right.” Becca blinked again signaling for her to go on. “Your lactic acid levels were dangerously high when we found you. If we were any later, the doctor thinks you wouldn’t have made it. Your heart would have given out.”

Ah, so that explained it. All those work outs her brain believed were real. Her body couldn’t keep up with them. Four months of exercise crammed into six days. No wonder she hurt.

“Sa’ ‘’em.” Becca croaked. Heather looked at her confused for a moment before bending down closer. “Save ‘’em.” The others were still in danger. She had to save them. Becca was powerless in her current state. She couldn’t even speak properly.

“I’ll be right back; I’m going to get the nurse.” Heather said. She gave her one last sad smile before stepping out the door.

Becca let out a quiet moan. This wasn’t supposed to happen! Why her? Why was she the only one saved? Is that what they had meant by lone survivor? What could she have possibly done though? What would Crystal do? No! Crystal couldn’t save her now. She WAS Crystal.

Becca rested her eyes. She wanted to go back to sleep, but she couldn’t. She had to know what happened. So she fought the urge as long as she could. She opened her eyes again when she heard the door open. In walked her mom, followed by the same nurse who had taken care of her last time.

The nurse looked at her, and in a singsong voice said, “Look who’s awake!” She wheeled a cart in front of her. On it rested a machine with a single black wire protruding from the solid black box. She turned to Heather and asked, “Has she been able to speak?”

“She’s trying to, but I can’t make out what she’s saying.” The nurse nodded her head in understanding. She knelt down in front of Becca and scanned her chip. “Looks like she’s still running a high fever. Poor thing almost went into septic shock.” Becca let out an audible moan. The nurse’s icy fingers hurt on contact. “Sorry, hon, let me just plug you in here and then you can say what’s on your mind.”

Becca let out a cross between a growl and a whimper when her head was lifted in order to put the cord into her ports on the back of her head.

“Stop! You’re hurting me!” a voice said. “Where did that come from?” Her eyes fell on the box. “Thought to speech translator.”

The nurse seemed surprised she recognized it, but nodded her head and smiled. “Yes, that’s right.”

“What happened?” The voice from the box asked. “The others…”

The two women in the room paused. A thick, heavy silence filled the room. Heather was the one to finally break the silence. “Don’t worry about that right now. Let’s just focus on you getting better.”

“What happened to the others?”

“Becca…”

“What happened to the others?”

Heather sighed before finally admitting, “Samantha and Tom didn’t make it. That’s why you’re in the condition we found you in. No one was there to take care of you. There was a break in-“

“NO! That’s not what happened! How did you find me?”

“I went to the center to ask someone a question, and I found the place had been broken into. They were both shot to death. The police said it was a robbery gone bad.”

“NO! They were executed! The whole program was a lie! Everything from the psychiatrist to what happened when I was little. They were experimenting on kids to make psych medications! The others in the SPP are still in danger! They were going to kill us all!”

Heather and the nurse exchanged glances for a moment. They sent one last look to Becca before stepping out to talk. The box let out a string of curses. Here she had thought her mother had put the pieces together and had rescued her. The whole thing was nothing but luck. She should be grateful, right? So then what was this she was feeling?

The pair came back in a moment later. “What about the others?” Becca asked through the box.

Heather sat back down in the armchair. She looked at Becca with a sympathetic smile before replying, “I think you’re confused, honey. No one was in danger, but you. But you’re safe now.”

“No! I’m not lying! The-“

“No, honey, I don’t think you’re lying. That’s not it at all.” Heather said. She lightly brushed Becca’s- now longer and unkept- bangs from her face. “It’s just the fever. You’re sick is all.”

“Mom, no, please!” Why wouldn’t she believe her? Had they done something to her mom? Was she really back in reality, or was this just another experiment? The box beside her gave voice to her worries, even when she hadn’t wanted it to. It made it sound even crazier than normal. Heather pretended she either wasn’t worried or hadn’t heard. Instead she continued to pet Becca’s head. “My mom thinks I’m delirious.” The box said.

Her eyelids were getting heavier and heavier. She was afraid if she fell asleep she’d wake up back at the SPP. So she fought to stay awake.

“Why didn’t you tell me about Crystal?”

“Who’s that?” Heather asked.

“The green haired girl.”

Heather’s hand stopped abruptly. Becca heard her breath catch before she slowly exhaled. She couldn’t see her face, but she knew she had gotten her attention.

“So she’s back.” Heather said. She sighed. “I thought she was gone for good.”

“But she was a part of me.”

“Yes, but a part of you that knew too much. I was told you only split off in virtual reality, so getting rid of her wouldn’t affect you in any negative way.” Heather sighed again before sliding her hand down her face. “That day I met her; I’ll never forgot. I knew something happened to you, and I never wanted you to learn what it was. I never wanted to know what it was. I was afraid she’d tell you and you’d remember. Whatever it was you saw changed you. You were never the same after that day.”

Becca let the words sink in. It was true. Her mom had known all along.

“I remember you on the floor all covered in blood. That’s what she said to me. It had nothing to do with ponies. I thought something evil had been born as a result.”

“You’ve seen too many movies.” The box said. Heather chuckled darkly. “I wasn’t split between good and evil, or right and wrong. Each avatar represented what the other had lost from the split. Crystal was more mature, and used her head. And Sasha, she held a childish innocence I had lost. She acted more on impulse and emotion.”

“I don’t really understand. Aren’t you Sasha? You talk like she’s a separate person.”

“I think I had three personalities; not just two. Becca, Sasha, and Crystal. When I went into VR, it was like Becca didn’t exist anymore. When you go into the Sphere, you’re only supposed to change bodies, but my personality changed as well. What makes me, me, separated into two different sentient beings.”

Heather sat quietly trying to process it. “So, who are you now?”

“I’m Becca, mom. Crystal’s back where she’s supposed to be. I’m just…me now.” They sat in silence for a while longer. Becca could tell her mom had been uncomfortable with the topic even though she couldn’t see her. She had heard every hitch of breath; every anxious movement caused the chair she sat in to creak, and every deep sigh never went unnoticed. But there was one thing they had never really talked about. She had never been able to before, but now, thanks to Crystal, she was ready.

“I lied that night. The night Brian died. I knew why.” Heather didn’t respond, so she kept going. “Brian was making a generic version of the time altering drug.” Becca heard a slight gasp.

“Y-y-you mean…he was the one…he made Euphoria?”

“NO! Euphoria was a lie! There is no Euphoria! These people are evil, mom. Please, listen. They took his research and killed him. Then they spread rumors of a fake drug killing people. Those people that died were the group of ‘cadets’ being experimented on before me in order to make pharmaceuticals. That Sacrio accident was them! They tricked me into believing Brian was still alive by using Crystal.” Becca sat in silence waiting for her mom to respond. She waited and waited, but it never came. A powerful wave of drowsiness over took her. “Didn’t you want to know what Brian died for?” she thought before she could no longer keep her eyes open. Unable to fight it, Becca let herself drift off to sleep, hoping she’d still be in the hospital when she woke up.

###

Heather sighed deeply. It was too much to take in. Had her daughter officially lost her mind, or was it just the fever talking? She sat in the chair watching Becca’s deep even breathing. The nurse had told her she might be delirious due to shock. So she was supposed to take everything she heard with a grain of salt. But she couldn’t believe what was coming from her daughter.

Heather was deeply concerned. Becca was experiencing severe paranoia. Government experiments? Split personalities tricking her into handing over her brother’s research? Was this really the fever? Heather bit her lip and leaned forward in her chair. She nearly jumped when the box began talking again.

“Crystal, what do I do? She doesn’t believe me.”

“You have to save them Sash, just keep trying.”

“What if they come after my family?”

“You’ll just have to stop them before they do.”

Heather sat and listened. A chill ran down her spine. Her daughter’s split personalities were talking to each other. She watched Becca’s deep and even breathing one more time to make sure she was asleep. Please just be dreaming.

“I don’t know what I’ll do. I don’t think I could live with myself with any more blood on my hands.”

Heather hurriedly shut off the box. She couldn’t listen to this anymore. What had she meant by more blood on my hands? A dark thought crossed through her mind. What if… Becca had killed Brian? What if one of her split personalities had taken over and they had killed her son? Her eyes began to water at the thought. Don’t think that way, Heather; you’re just scaring yourself. Your daughter wouldn’t hurt a fly. But would Crystal…? All those hours she had spent locked in her room playing those violent video games… What had they done to her psych?

*259*2016-03-22 04:30

{{:

Ugh, parents, they never understand. If your child's saying someone wants to get everyone killed, that's because they probably are right. You investigate it. The weirdest possible reaction to this is to mentally accuse her of murdering your son.

No wonder Heather has been seeing a doctor about her mental issues. To be fair though, she's been through a lot latelg, hasn't she?

I'm starting to think it was all Becca's imagination, but my main theory right now is the following: The 'real' world is actually inside the Sphere, or rather, a primary Sphere, and when they enter the Sphere, that's actually a secondary one, a Sphere inside a Sphere. Now, everyone inside this primary Sphere was severely injured, and so their only hope was to live inside virtual reality. I say this because it would explain the contradictions surrounding the dead bodies on the floor. After that happened in the true real world, they were all taken to the big Sphere.

Also, Brian is alive, because you never truly die in virtual reality. He just hasn't been able or allowed to come back in yet.

}}

Sphereception.

*261*2016-03-23 08:57

Heather jumped again when her phone rang. She took a few deep breaths before pulling it out. Trevor. “Hi, honey. Becca’s awake.”

“Is she?” Trevor said. The relief was evident in his voice. They had been so worried she wouldn’t pull through the night. “Can I talk to her?”

“She’s sleeping right now. And she can’t talk. They have her hooked up to a TTS box. It’s a little hard to differentiate between her thoughts and what she’s trying to say. The fevers really messing with her mind.”

“Is she stable now?”

“Yes. They believe she’ll pull through.”

“Oh! I’m so happy! That’s great news! I’ll come by as soon as I get off work! Oh, hey, honey, what was the name of Becca’s psychiatrist? Wasn’t it Finnick?”

“Yes, that’s him.”

“Check the news. He died last night.”

“What? Are you serious? How?” Heather asked.

“They said he died from Euphoria. Can you believe that? Someone like him buying illegal black market drugs.”

Heather had been in a daze the rest of the day. She had gone home while Becca slept. She sat on couch watching the news in a trance, no longer hearing what the news anchor had to say. The same story seemed to be circulating through all the channels. How could such a well-respected child psychologist stoop so low as to buy a dangerous drug on the deep web? And why would he want to? It’s not like he was short on money like all the other young adults who had died from it. If he wanted the real thing, he could have certainly have bought it, couldn’t he?

“Hello, thank you! I’ve been trying to get through for most of the day.” Heather said on the phone as she paced back and forth. “My daughter was involved in an accident at the Sphere Center. She has been seeing Dr. Finnick for her depression…yeah, yeah, I know about that. I was hoping I could get a copy of his notes on her. I’m worried about her mental health since the accident. I’m not quite sure how much of the fever is to blame for her current behavior and how much was a pre-existing condition. Oh? She was being treated for delusions? Uh-huh…Yeah. No, I appreciate it. Thank you.” Heather said before hanging up.

She sighed as she plopped back onto the couch and hung her head in her hands. She had been afraid of this. The fever was only exaggerating the problem; it didn’t create it.

His secretary had agreed to send her Becca’s file. When her phone buzzed, she picked it up and pointed it at the coffee table in front of her. A light shone from her phone as pages began to materialize. Five pages. Ten pages. Thirty pages. Just how many notes had he taken about her daughter? Finally after fifty pages, her phone shut off.

She picked up the first page.. She frowned as she scanned through the report. Most of it was about when she was younger. Post Traumatic Stress Disorder and nightmares. Then came her later diagnosis of Dissociative Identity Disorder. Finally she came upon a more recently written page.

1856, Becca Strokes, has returned. This time she was the sole witness of her brothers’ death. The patient has been showing growing signs of hostility as well as exhibiting delusional and paranoid behavior. Even though reports say she witnessed the attack, the patient refuses to believe her brother is gone. Instead, she clings onto the delusion of a government conspiracy. When questioned further, Becca stated her brother was on the run for creating an illegal substance and has gone into hiding.

It is unknown at this time how much truth there is in her statement she gave police. With her wild accusations and growing paranoia, I’m beginning to suspect Becca is beginning to show signs consistent with a schizoid personality disorder. When presented with the facts of her brothers’ death, the patient grew hostile. Given the patients history for memory repression, I am beginning to suspect foul play.

With no other witnesses to the crime, I am from here on stating for the record Becca Strokes be listed as the primary suspect for the murder of Brian Strokes. Motive is unclear at this time. It is possible, given the patients previous statements of wanting to join the police force, that the brother showed her something illegal. The patient may have either tried to take justice into her own hands, or a memory re- surfaced causing her to snap. I am unsure if the wound she received was self-inflicted or not. In my professional opinion, I believe involuntary institutionalization maybe necessary if psychotic behavior continues.

- Doctor Greggory Finnick

Heathers hands shook as she read the file. No! It couldn’t be true! Her daughter wasn’t a murderer! Becca loved Brian! She wasn’t crazy! And yet… all the signs were pointing that way. Delusions of a governmental conspiracy. Paranoia. She wanted to believe her daughter, she really did. But this was too much. The nurse said her behavior was due to her fever, but she held proof in her hands this had been going on for quite some time. How had she not noticed?

Becca spent all her time in her room. How was Heather supposed to notice anything?

She lay down on the couch and covered her face with her hands. What happened to you, Becca? She needed to be rational about this. The police had said there had been signs of a struggle. But there were no signs of forced entry. Becca had been injured too! Someone had shot her too! But her file said it might have been self-inflicted. She had been shot at close range in the back. Could someone shoot themselves in the back? Was it possible?

She stood up and put her arms around her back as if she were holding a gun. It could be done. Why? Why would she do that? This wasn’t the work of someone delusional. Only someone in their right frame of mind could stage the house to look like a break in. The word premeditated flashed through her mind, but she quickly shook the idea away.

What am I thinking? Becca would never hurt Brian! But what about Crystal? The more she thought about it the more likely it seemed. Crystal took over Becca’s body and attacked Brian. But it would still mean she was a danger to herself and others. She thought of the last line written in her file. Involuntary institutionalization. No way she was going to lock up her daughter! She had no proof it was Becca- just a nagging suspicion. It’s not like Becca could even move. She wasn’t a danger to anyone in this state. But what about when she gets better? There was still no proof. What would she do if there were solid evidence that Becca was a danger to others? Would she really have to commit her? She’d just have to wait and see how this played out.

###

When Becca opened her eyes again, relief washed over her when she realized she was still in the hospital. She had never been so happy to be in the hospital before. Her pain level had decreased dramatically. She wondered if they had given her something in her sleep. Becca looked around the room to find the empty chair beside her. She felt a little saddened to be here alone. Where had her mother gone? How long was she asleep for?

She wobbled as she tried to slowly push herself up into a sitting position. The room spun as she held onto the table in front of her. Her body broke out into a cold sweat. She worried for a moment if she would pass out. But soon the vertigo stopped and she was able to open her eyes and let go of the table.

“Are you dizzy?” The nurse asked. Becca looked to the doorway to find the nurse named Sinna standing there with a concerned look on her face.

“I’m a bit weak.” Becca said. She was relieved to be able to talk, although her voice was quite raspy.

Sinna nodded her head before coming over to check her vitals. “How are your body pains? Has the pain medicine kicked in?”

“Better.”

“Good, glad to hear.”

“Have you seen my mom?”

“I think she went home a few hours ago.”

“Oh.” Becca felt her heart sink a little. What if someone from the SPP came after her? What if they put something in her I.V. to silence her?

“Don’t look so down; she’ll be back.” Sinna said. Becca noticed her cart of rags with a plastic pink tub of water on top. She sniffed herself and wrinkled her nose. The nurse chuckled. “Want to get washed up?”

Now that she thought about it, she felt like she was coated in a layer of sweat. And it almost felt like she was sitting on a pile of sand in her shorts. “Yes, please.” She laid back down while the nurse helped her out of her hospital gown. She eyed the open door uneasily before Sinna noticed what she was staring at. She pulled the curtain around the bed blocking them from view. It was awkward at first; it always was, but as soon as Becca felt the warm washcloth on her back she lost all resistance.

“Is my back still healing?” Becca asked. She wasn’t sure if the wound was still there or not. She had gotten used to it not being there.

“Nope, it looks good. There’s just a small scar there now. At least the time in the pod was good for something.” Becca winced as her stomach cramped and tried her best to ignore it. “I’m sorry, am I hurting you?”

“No, it’s not you. My stomach’s upset.”

“Anything I can get you?” Becca winced again, but shook her head. “I gave you something to help flush out the toxins earlier since you seem to still be fighting off a virus. You’ll feel better soon once it runs its course. It’s a new medicine they made to help you drain the excess acid out of your body.”

Becca moaned in response and curled up in the fetal position, her fists clenched into her stomach. Her body broke out in a cold sweat again making her feel like she had not been bathed at all. She barely even registered the feeling of a hand rubbing small circles on her back. Her mouth began to water as a wave of nausea hit. She clenched her body down tight hoping it would blow over. Sinna seemed to recognize her plight. She dumped the majority of the water down the sink and set the basin in front of her and rolled her over.

“You’ll feel better as soon as it works its way out.”

Becca whimpered in response as her stomach continued to churn. She wasn’t sure if it was coming or going. “Not sure…what…end…”

“Doesn’t matter what end. If it wants out, let it. It’s the only way you’re going to feel better.” Sinna said. After another ten minutes of agony, its route was finally making its self known. Her eyes widened in panic.

“Bath…room.” Becca pleaded. “Help.” She looked across the room. The bathroom door seemed so far away. She wasn’t sure if she’d make it. She tried to sit up, but Sinna moved her back down.

“Where do you think you’re going? Lay back down. It’ll be over soon.”

“B-But-“

“You’re not ready to be walking around yet.” She took in Becca’s panicked expression and followed her eyes down to her shorts. “Its just like before, you know the drill.”

“This isn’t what I was wearing before!” Becca said. She looked like she was wearing thin, navy blue biker shorts, not the puffy butt sponge from before. She doubled over as another powerful cramp struck her.

“I’m sorry, hun. It’s the same concept, just a different design.” Sinna explained. “It’s more discreet for our patients. They’re called dehydrating underwear. They turn waste into a fine powder. It’s more hygienic.”

Becca moaned her acknowledgement, but made no effort to eliminate the toxins from her body. Sinna sighed and sat down on the bed next to her. “You’re just making this harder on yourself. I know it’s not fun, but lets not go through this again.” Becca knew she hadn’t been the most well behaved patient when she learned of her limited mobility the last time- even going so far as to shout obscenities and throw a pitcher of water at her.

Becca whimpered in embarrassment as a noise on par with the breaking of the sound barrier escaped despite her clenched body. Like a 5.0 on the rectum scale. “I’m sorry!” She quickly blurted out. It was bad enough she had to do this, so why did it have to sound like a off key marching band practicing for the fourth of July?

Sinna scowled at her causing Becca’s face to redden. Why was she mad at her? She was the one just telling her to let go! “Don’t apologize, Becca! Is this the reason you’re holding it in? I’ve done way worse than sit with someone with diarrhea. I’ve been pooped on, spit on, peed on, puked on, and bled on. I’ve had to scrub off every bodily fluid you can think of. I have seen things coming out of places they shouldn’t. This is nothing. You do what you need to do to get better.” Her gaze softened seeing Becca’s upset face. “You want to stay on my good side?” Becca slowly nodded her head. “All you have to do is stay in bed when I tell you to and keep those shorts on. You need a change? Just ask. You have no idea what kind of mess I’ve had to clean up after people try to take them off.”

Becca mumbled an apology between the waves of contraction like cramps. She really shouldn’t have thrown that pitcher at her. Or that cup. Or that vase of flowers.

“Do you want me to take this, or are you still feeling nauseous?” She asked. Sinna was pointing to the tub sitting on the mattress by Becca’s head.

“Leave it.” Becca mumbled into her pillow. She didn’t trust her stomach enough. The pain was coming from every different angle.

“I’m getting a page from another patient, but I’ll come back with some more warm water to wash you up again.” She looked down at Becca as her face grew serious. “If I leave, can I trust you to stay in bed?”

“Yes.” Becca mumbled. It seemed her intentions were all too obvious. She really had seen it all.

“And will you take care of business while I’m gone so I can finish with your bath?” Becca nodded again. “I know it’s far from pleasant, but I promise you’ll feel better.” She patted Becca’s head before turning to leave, but stopped to add, “If I catch you with a single foot out of this bed, you’ll never have a private moment for as long as you’re here.”

Becca sighed once the nurse walked out the door and out of her line of sight. She looked at the bathroom door one last time. It sat there, so close but so far away as if it was teasing her. Another especially painful cramp left her in the fetal position one more time. She couldn’t take it anymore! Becca closed her eyes tight and unclenched.

###

Mrs. O’Connor sat in room 408 –one of the rooms that shared an adjacent wall with a girl who had been brought in on a stretcher the previous day. She hit the call button on her remote again and again. Where was that nurse with her water? They sure liked to take their sweet time here. She furrowed her eyebrows when a strange noise came through the wall. What in the world was that? A percussionist? A marching band? No, It almost sounded like a dying animal.

The thought left her mind once she heard the approaching footsteps. Finally.

“Sorry about the wait, Mrs. O’Connor, what can I do for you?” Sinna asked as she stood in the doorway.

“Some cold water, pl-“ There was that noise again! She stared at the wall. It persisted growing louder each time with more frequency. She looked to the nurse, who smiled sympathetically and shrugged before taking a step in. “Ah, I recognize that sound now from my time on the farm in Switzerland. The cats would get in the barn and go at it all night! I think you may have some stowaways in the attic. It’s a little early for feline mating season, no?”

Sinna whimpered as she tried her best to keep a straight face. Laughing at the patients tended to be frowned upon- the poor girl had enough on her plate. She’d probably die if she knew people in the other rooms could hear her.

Mrs. O’Conner frowned. “That’s not cat, is it?” Sinna shook her head and pursed her lips together as she tried her best to hide her smile. “What is it?” The old lady looked puzzled.

“Just some Frequency Actuated Rectal Tremors. I’ll be right back with your water.” Sinna said as Mrs. O’ Connor cocked her head to the side.

“OH MY GOD THAT’S COLD!” Came a scream from the other side of the room.

“What in the world…” Mrs. O’ Connor said.

“Looks like someone’s found out why we call them dehydrating underwear.”

###

“Why are my butt cheeks frozen together?” Becca moaned into her pillow when she heard her nurse come back into her room.

“Because they freeze the moisture out of their contents when you’re done using them.” Sinna said covering her mouth with her fist.

“I can’t feel my butt.”

“That’s kind of the point.” Sinna said. “Would you want to feel all that acid coming out?” She set down another bucket of water and a few washcloths. “How’s your stomach now?”

“Better.” Becca mumbled. “Never. Again.”

“Sorry to do this to you, but it’s a seven day regimen. The detox doesn’t happen in one go.”

Great. Just great.

“I can put you in VR next time and let your body take care of it for you.”

Becca’s eyes went wide with fright. “NO!” She shouted. “No VR.” Sinna looked at her puzzled for a moment before realization dawned on her.

“You’re right, I’m sorry. You’re probably still shook up from what happened.” Sinna said. Becca nodded her head in agreement. She didn’t know what would happen if she went back into VR and she wasn’t ready to find out.

*264*2016-03-25 12:42

Becca tossed and turned drifting in and out of sleep throughout the rest of the day. Odd scenes played in her mind as her brain made up stories to explain her body aches.

In one dream, she had crashed the hover bike and was trying to come up with an excuse for her mom. Heather dangled the keys in front of her, before making a show of flushing them down a toilet. Why there was a toilet in the middle of the forest was lost on dream Becca.

Another plausible explanation, her brain decided, was she had been injured while piloting a six story, blue and gold mecha, while she had fought in a war against sheep with harpoon guns wrapped around their wool coats. She kicked and punched her way through the flock sending the barn animals flying in the air with a distressed, “Baa!”

She had almost fought her way thru- her goal in sight on the horizon. A giant six-story porcelain toilet large enough for the mecha. She had almost made it, but at the last stretch the sheep made one last stand. From the toilet emerged two hooves, followed by a white face and large poofy coat of wool. It slowly pulled itself out. Becca sat in the pilot seat stunned. Before her now stood the sheep king. With a mighty battle cry of, “BAA!” the sheep fired their harpoon guns simultaneously all into the robots body, tipping it over towards the ground.

The sensation of falling awoke Becca with a start. She gasped as she clung onto the beds railing. Her heart hammered in her chest. As her eyes adjusted to the lighting, the realization of her strange dream dawned on her.

What was up with all the toilets? A pang from her bladder told her why.

She internally groaned when she remembered she had to stay in bed. A silent debate waged war in her head- pee in the shorts or sneak to the bathroom. Sinna’s warning rang in her ears. She tried to sit up- but a wave of pain rushed to greet her. Getting up was a definite no. Becca grumbled at her only available option. It was the 31st century! Couldn’t people come up with something better than forcing bedridden people to soil themselves? She imagined a device to open up a portal in the bed that emptied into the toilet- until she remembered they had tried that before. Imagine someone’s surprise when they sat on the toilet only for them to get an unexpected gift from the other room.

She felt the shorts. Soft spandex greeted her fingertips- not an absorbent material in the slightest. She tried to relax, but her brain shut her down during every attempt. What if they were only meant for solid waste? As far as she was aware, she hadn’t had to pee since coming here. Did she have a catheter before? She couldn’t remember. All she could picture was Sinna scolding her for making a mess of her bed sheets. Sinna wouldn’t do that, even if I did wet the bed.

A memory played in her mind reminding her it wouldn’t be the first time. When Becca was recovering from the bullet wound, she had awoken one morning still in a daze and had forgotten she was supposed to get up. She had grown a little too accustomed to just going when the urge hit. She hadn’t even realized she had done anything wrong -until she felt wet in an unusual area.

Becca had sat in it, too embarrassed to speak up. When her mother had pulled back the covers to walk her to the bathroom, she freaked out when she saw she had already went. Heather accused her of being lazy and made her apologize to Sinna for giving her extra work.

Sinna’s face was not of anger, but of sympathy when Becca- with tears in her eyes- told her what happened. Sinna assured them it wasn’t unusual, and took care of the mess. Now that Becca thought of it, she wondered if the sympathy was geared towards her having an accident or her mothers’ behavior.

Maybe Becca should call her and ask just in case. She reached for the call button but stopped when she heard someone speak.

“Good morning,” She turned her neck despite her body’s protests. Her father sat in the chair by the bed seemingly amused by something.

“Dad!” Becca squealed. She had missed him so much! It nearly made her cry out in pain, but she reached her arms out towards him. He smiled and gently knelt down to hug her. “I missed you!”

“I missed you too! You really had us worried there.” He said as he sat back down.

“I thought I’d never get out.” She looked at him feeling slightly confused. He seemed to be smirking despite the heavy topic. Clearly something else was on his mind. “What?”

“Oh, nothing.” He said sounding suspicious as he pretending to look away- large grin stretched across his face. Becca narrowed her eyes. She wiped at her face. Did she have a booger hanging out of her nose or something?

“What?” She persisted. It was obvious he was laughing at her over something. Oh god, was she farting in her sleep? She thought she had gotten the last of that medicine out already. Had it come back for another round? She pulled the blankets back and took a peek at her shorts. She couldn’t tell if she had used them or not. They seemed the same as before. That wasn’t it, she figured. The cold would have woken her.

“That was quite some dream you were having.” She looked confused for a moment. How had he known? She followed his gaze to the thought to speech box sitting on a table next to her. She felt the back of her head to confirm her suspicions-she was plugged in. Her face reddened as he chuckled. “Man, if I had known we could do this, we would have gotten you those full dive implants years ago!” He deepened his voice like a movie reel announcer. “From the deep dark depths of the sewer emerges unimaginable terror- harpoon sheep. Ruled over by the ruthless and awe inspiring Emperor Ewe, humanity must turn to its last hope. Mecha Becca.”

Becca clutched at her side as she continuously laughed for a solid minute despite the pain. Every time she managed to calm down, her father made things worse by making her laugh again. She lost it at the part where he pretended a drop kick a sheep and made pitiful, “Baa” noises.

She let out a startled,“eep.” All the laughter mixed with her weak body was too much for her bladder. Sorry, Sinna. She had half expected it to puddle under her. What she had not expected was for the shorts to bulge out like a water balloon.

“What’s the matter, Mecha Becc- woah!”

So much for being more discreet than diapers.

She was too stunned to cover up, so she just sat there watching her shorts growing bigger and bigger. It even levitated her butt a few inches off the bed. She worried they were going to pop, but she also kind of wanted to poke at it. Was she ever going to stop peeing? At long last it stopped. Now what? They weren’t going to stay like this, were they? And then Becca felt it. The cold began to seep in. Her shorts began to quickly deflate, but they hadn’t sprung a leak. Instead a thin layer of white fog began to emerge from the fabric like warmed dry ice. It floated around her for a second before disappearing. And then it was like she had never used them at all. She stared up at her father before they both burst into laughter.

Becca leaned fast that she preferred her fathers’ presence to her mothers. But she had always been more of a Daddy’s Girl to begin with. Brian was a Momma’s Boy. Heather had taken his death especially hard. Ever since that night there had been a wedge in Becca’s relationship with her. She wondered if her mother knew the truth and blamed her. She supposed she had every right to- even if it was just an accident. She could see him squirm out of the corner of her eye.

She looked up at her father wondering what he was doing. He pressed several buttons before holding his phone out. Images began to appear on the table before they began to take a solid form. He was printing something. After a few seconds, Becca recognized what they were. She laughed as little plastic sheep figurines began to appear. Sheep figurines with harpoons strapped to their backs. Next came a bigger robot, which he named Mecha Becca, followed by a larger sheep with a crown. Emperor Ewe.

They played with the figurines for a bit, before he had a better idea. He cleared off her table before printing a large black and white checkered board. Thus began the battle of mecha’s vs. sheep. Little lambs were made for the pawns, followed by goats for rooks, pigs for bishops, and with a mischievous glint in his eyes, he printed two ponies to take the place of the knights. Becca stuck out her tongue. Lastly, he made a ram to take the final place on Emperor Ewe’s Team.

He handed his phone to Becca so she could design her own pieces. She printed out different sized robots. She wasn’t feeling particularly creative at the moment, but when she made her king, she made the robot green.

This time I’ll protect you.

“Check mate.”

Or not.

“You’re taking advantage of a sick girl.” she said. She curled her lips in a fake pout. He beamed with pride.

When a tray of breakfast came for Becca, they put the game away. She looked over her meal of French toast, eggs, and bacon before picking up the silver utensils and taking a bite. She chewed for a second before nearly gagging. She forced herself to swallow before mumbling. “Gross.” Everything had a dried rubbery texture that tasted of dirt. “Don’t let me down, bacon.” She could hardly get even that down.

“Not hungry?”

“It tastes bad.”

“Hospital food.” He said with a shrug. She frowned. She didn’t remember the food tasting this bad the last time. She watched him take a bite of the eggs, expecting him to spit them out. Instead he shrugged.

“Tastes fine to me. Maybe your taste buds are off.”

“Stupid spp.” She mumbled as she realized what was wrong. She had been so spoiled by cooked food that the taste of capsuled meals was nothing short of revolting. How would she ever be able to eat this stuff again? She looked down at the plate as her stomach rumbled. She sighed before picking up her fork. There was only one way to get over this. She’d have to re-acquire a taste for it. She cringed with every bite. She gave up halfway through. If she ate any more she was certain she’d be sick.

“How was that?” Trevor asked. A moment of silence passed between them as she tried to find the right words to say. She remembered her mothers’ reaction when she tried to tell her the truth. Would he think she was crazy too? She thought of the Sacrio and all the horrible things they had done. She thought of Barkley yelling at her and thrusting a mop into her face. She thought of the fear chamber. She thought of cuddling up with Crystal at night- as odd as that sounded. Lastly her mind fell on April, Andrew, Samantha, and Tom. And of course Brian. Their lives had been taken, and for what? An experiment? To make drugs? To torture them for the hell of it? If only Brian hadn’t made that stupid drug. He’d still be alive! Then she wouldn’t have…

Trevor seemed to squirm uncomfortably. She figured he was scared he had touched a raw nerve and upset her, so she said the first positive thing she could think of. “The food was better. It wasn’t for me though.” She didn’t want to ruin the light mood. He didn’t answer. She turned her head to look at him, but he seemed deep in thought. His face became sullen as if a deep sadness had taken over.

“Becca, what ha-“ He tried to ask, but stopped and shook his head. “Never mind.”

“What?”

“It’s not important right now.”

“No, you were going to ask something. What?”

He sighed, before fidgeting uncomfortably again. “What happened that night?” She frowned. He was referring to the night Brian had died. Another topic her mother didn’t trust her on. “Your mother trusts you, she’s just worried about your mental health after everything that’s happened.”

Great, My mom thinks I’m crazy.

“She doesn’t think you’re crazy, Becca. She’s just…you know how she gets.”

“I guess s-“ She stopped mid sentence. She looked to the box and then felt the back of her head. Her blood ran cold. Trevor shifted again in his seat. She hadn’t said that out loud. Neither had the box, but the orange light was on. She stared up at him, an obvious hurt expression written on her face. He looked guilty.

“I’m sorry.” He mumbled looking away. She saw the earpiece in his ear. Her eyes welled up with tears.

“Why?” She choked out. He was listening to her thoughts, and he hadn’t wanted her to know. The wire hadn’t been in her head when she had fallen asleep last night. He had plugged her in. Who told him about the Thought to Speech box? Did her mom want him to listen to her thoughts? She wanted him to see just how crazy she was!

“It’s not like that, Becca. Please, I can explain. Your mothers just… Did you really…?”

Tears streamed down her face. “It was an accident. I was fighting over-”

“Oh god, Becca!” He tore the piece out of his ear and leaned forward with his face in his hands. They sat in silence. She could hear her father sniffling. “Why, Becca, Why?”

“The drug, he-“

He started to sob. And then he began to bawl. She sat perfectly still too stunned to speak. He rocked back and forth in his chair.

“Dad-“

He looked up at her, tears streaming down his face. She had never seen him like this.

“I’m so sorry.” She said.

“I hope that one day you’ll forgive me for this.” He said. He picked up his phone and said through his sniffles, “She did it.” Her heart sank. Who was he calling? What was going on? He broke down in more sobs. “Do we have to? We just got her back.” His voice rose in pitch with every word. ”OK…OK… I’ll wait with her.” He hung up the phone.

Wait… wait for what? …

“I’m sorry, baby…” He said. Now she was crying. She was so confused! He wouldn’t answer her questions. He just kept repeating over and over that he was, “sorry.” So she did the same. He moved from the chair to her bed and held her hand. He took a crumpled piece of paper out of his pocket and handed it to her. She looked it over and gasped.

“It wasn’t like that!” She said as she hiccupped. He couldn’t be serious! He couldn’t believe this! All she had done was fought for the gun! He knew that, right? She hadn’t purposely shot him! She opened her mouth to explain but no words would come out. And the next thing she knew there were several people in the room. “Dad…” she whimpered. They surrounded her. The flipped her over while she cried out in pain and shoved her arms into something. “DADDY! NO!”

He stood to his feet. “Is that really necessary? She can hardly even move!”

“Standard procedures.” One of the guys said.

“Be careful! You’re hurting her!”

“DAD! GET THEM OFF ME! DAD!” Becca screamed. They forced her legs in and snapped it in place. The flipped her roughly back over and crossed her arms. “Daddy…” She cried as they wheeled the bed out.

“I’m so sorry…” He said. “Please forgive me.”

*268*2016-03-26 05:51

{{:

31st Century? I thought an earlier chapter said the story took place in the 2200s.

}}

I'm indecisive…and bad at math XD

{{:

Treacherous bastards...

Back when she had just entered the full dive, I jokingly predicted her parents would be dead by the time she got out. Now, I wish it was true.

}}

{{:

I loved all of the latest chapters! Especially the "dehydrating underwear" part!

}}

Thank you guys ^^ I really really really appreciate all your feedback!

*271*2016-03-29 00:52

Trevor and Heather Strokes sat at the kitchen table across from each other picking at their food. Tension filled the modest three-bedroom house. It was so thick, it hung in the air like an invisible fog that no matter how many deep lungful’s of air they took, it felt as if it was never enough. All that could be heard were the deep, frustrated sighs of Heather, the nervous cough from Trevor, and the clanking of silverware as they moved the food around their plates uneaten. The house had not been this quiet and awkward since they had first moved in together.

Unable to take the eerie and uncomfortable silence, Trevor finally spoke the words that had plagued him all day. “Why?”

Heather set down her fork. She stared off into the distance seemingly lost in thought. Trevor examined her face. She looked exhausted. Wrinkles were beginning to appear on her cheeks and forehead and her light brown hair began to show the first signs of graying. Her brown eyes held a sort of dead look in them, but they had for quite a while now. Ever since Brian’s death she had lost the spring in her step and the light in her eyes. But now, they seemed even more hollow and lifeless.

He was beginning to think she wasn’t going to answer his question, but at long last she spoke. “We had to. They were asking questions.”

Trevor didn’t respond. He knew the they she was referring to. The police. A detective had stopped Heather on the walk from the hospital to the car in order to question her about Becca. He had wanted to know if there was any connection between Brian’s death and the deaths at the Sphere center. She had answered no. She put the encounter out of her mind- until she had read Becca’s file. Then she realized there was one connection. Becca.

Trevor had come home to find her in hysterics. The anxiety had consumed her. It took him a while to get her to calm down enough to get her to explain what had happened. She showed him the note. He was baffled. Why in the world would they be wasting time suspecting Becca? Becca was kind. Becca was gentle, and caring. Becca was capable of emotions that were lost on the older generations. Even Trevor himself had not known how to love, or what love even felt like, until he had held Brian in his arms for the first time.

Becca on the other hand… she had known how to love from the very beginning. Many people did not know how to love even after they had kids. Technology raised their children for them. And marriage, well, marriage was not based on love. Marriage was based on the ability to tolerate your partner for long periods of time, and if you were lucky, one day you would even come to like them. And he did. He liked his wife. A lot. Marriage was for the purpose of repopulation. That was it.

It had been ingrained in every person from a young age. Repopulate. Repopulate. Repopulate. It was taught in schools. It was advertised on tv. “Do your part,” they all said. He had even heard on the news the government was thinking of passing a law that mandated marriage and at least two children. There were even rumors spreading of a decree that if you were not married by twenty- a partner would be assigned to you. He thought it funny in a sad way. At first he thought civilization had gone backwards, but now he realized that wasn’t it. Humanity had gone forward. Humanity was always moving forward. Expect they were not going forward in a straight line. They had gone forward in a circle; in a sphere. And now humanity was back where it started hundreds and hundreds of years ago.

The roles of women were now nothing more than baby makers once again- scoffed at for wanting a career. How could you be so selfish, they would say. How could you put your own wants and desires above the needs of humanity? Their job was to bring children into the world. He had never really thought twice about it until Becca was born. She was strong. She refused to conform to what the world wanted her to be. She wanted to be a solider and nothing was going to stand in her way. He couldn’t be prouder.

Now the world’s political agenda made him sick to his stomach. How dare they tell his daughter who she had to be. How dare they cast her dreams aside. The scariest thing about this wasn’t what they taught women, it was what they taught men. Not men, but boys in school. He had once had to sign a permission slip for Becca’s sex education class. He had flipped through the class outline briefly. It was fairly normal things: menstruation and hormones and what not. But when he got to the boys section, his stomach dropped. Even just the name of the program sent him in a rage.

No doesn’t always mean no.

It was the mans job, the pamphlet said, to impregnate the woman. Even if she didn’t want to. He was in utter shock when he had read that. He didn’t believe his eyes. He was nauseated. Were they really encouraging what he thought they were… Maybe he had just read that out of context? He read further. It continued on about how women didn’t always have humanities best interests at heart. They sometimes had selfish desires. Not all of them wanted kids, and that, the pamphlet explained, was selfish. They even encouraged impregnating multiple partners at once.

Trevor was devastated. It wasn’t just what he was reading; it was the fact that he was seeing what it meant for the first time. The message had been there even when he was a boy- just not so blatantly. If you read between the lines, it was there. Now it was the main points on a school brochure. What made him even more sick was the fact he probably wouldn’t have noticed if he had not had a girl. They quickly pulled her from the public education system and home schooled her. They had even gone as far as moving away to a more remote location for her safety. A small village in Alaska.

He owed a lot to Becca. She had opened his eyes to the truth. He had taught her how to love and she had taught him how to think for himself. And what had he done? Locked her away. For her safety, he tried to remind himself. But that look in her eyes haunted him. The look of deep hurt and utter betrayal. Their relationship would never be the same again, he knew. Every time he closed his eyes, there she was. Screaming for him. And he just stood back and let them take her away.

“Why would she do something like that?” Heather said. She pushed her still full plate forward signaling she was done.

“She said it was an accident.” He did the same. He could feel acid rising and falling in his throat. The stress was getting to him too. She shook her head.

“If it was an accident, why would she try to cover it up?”

He didn’t have an answer for that. It made her look guilty. He could only assume she panicked and acted in the heat of the moment. So they had to hide her from the police. If they put the pieces together and saw that Becca was already in an institution, maybe they’d go easy on her. It would make an insanity plea so much easier.

“I think, I’m going to go to bed.” Heather said. She stood up; leaving her untouched dinner on the table and made her way to the back of the house without another word.

###

Becca slowly opened her eyes barely making out the blurry outline of a figure standing over her. Where was she? What happened? She wanted to close her eyes and go back to sleep. She felt funny. Sluggish. Drugged.

“Wake up.”

She moaned. She didn’t want to wake up. She didn’t care if she never woke up again. The right side of her neck throbbed drowning out her body’s aches. Bits and pieces were coming back to her. Her fathers tear streaked face as they took her away. The ride to wherever this was. She vaguely remembered biting someone. And then nothing.

“Wake up.” She heard again.

Becca opened her eyes as the room around her spun. Once the vertigo subsided and things came into focus, she searched the room for the voice’s owner. A middle-aged man with a neatly trimmed red beard stood over her. His hair, a mixture of brown and red, coated the top of his head as if he had spray painted it on in patches. Becca thought he had more hair on his face than he did on his head. He wore a white lab coat over a pair of green scrubs. In his hands was a tablet that he scrolled through.

She watched him for a moment as he read something before his eyes flicked over to hers.

“Where am I?”

“Sunny Shores Sanitarium.”

She scowled at the name. Sunny Shores. It sounded so happy, but not a real happy. A faux happy. A type of happy, pleasant name that raised red flags. And what was a sanitarium? Was that a type of insane asylum? She figured that’s where she was, given the jacket treatment when they picked her up.

“So they did commit me.” Becca said in a low depressed tone.

“This is not an asylum. This is a sanitarium.” He said. He lowered the tablet and looked her over. Becca squirmed under his gaze. He made her uncomfortable.

“Same thing.” She mumbled under her breath.

“We are more of a resort for convalescing patients. We offer drug rehabilitations, cancer treatments, long term care, and yes, psychological evaluations.” He said. “We offer both regular and virtual programs.”

Becca looked up and grimaced. A virtual reality helmet hung from the ceiling.

He went on to introduce himself as Dr. Bernard, one of the psychiatrists on staff. He then confirmed her fears. She was on the psychiatric floor. He said it would be better than being put with the other injured patients, but she wasn’t so sure. Instead of voicing her concerns, she let him talk.

He said she would still receive treatment for her injuries. She wasn’t thrilled to learn she’d be on the same experimental medication as she was in the hospital. Side effects and all.

“We are more equipped to handle your treatment than your small town hospital.” He said. He must have sensed her reluctance to be here because he added. “I think you’ll find this program much more to your liking.” She resisted the urge to roll her eyes, but more because she lacked the energy to do so.

Becca felt a trail of drool roll out the side of her mouth. Even though her brain told her to wipe her face, it seemed to take her arm a few more seconds than normal to respond. “Sorry we had to sedate you. You bit me when we came here.” He held up his hand to show the bandage wrapped around his fingers.

“I would have punched you, but you had me in a straight jacket.” Becca half mumbled and half laughed. He scowled.

“You’re here for me to deem whether or not you’re a threat to yourself or others. You’re not off to a good start. If you want to go home-“

“You said I’d like it here. Why would I want to go home?” Her voice was thick with sarcasm. ‘”I felt someone taking off my pants. I’ve heard stories.” She closed her eyes again. She could feel herself drifting off, but he told her not to sleep yet.

“An orderly was changing you. They didn’t realize you were incontinent until the jacket…” Becca chuckled weakly. Not here even a full day and she already had a record. At least she got to ruin a straight jacket in the process. All she probably did was claim it as her own though.

“I’m not incontinent; I just can’t walk.” Becca said. Her voice was getting hoarse again.

“So they put you in diapers?” He seemed a dumbfounded so she tried to explain.

“I couldn’t roll my body over to use a bed pan.”

“Bed pan? What year do they think this is?” He shook his head. She seemed confused. As much as she wanted to get up and use the bathroom, she couldn’t. He handed her a remote by the bed. She looked at it confused. It only had three buttons on it. One said half, one said full, and the other said open and close.

“What’s this for?” Becca asked.

“The toilet.” He said. He looked at her a little surprised. “Press the open button.” She did as she was told and let out a startled eep. She heard a motor running. Part of the bed cushion was sliding out from under her. The bed itself was raising her to a sitting position. When she was done moving she threw the blankets off and looked underneath her to find a porcelain bowl full of water under the bed that was rising up to meet her.

“Press the half button for liquid waste and the full for solid.” He explained.

“It flushes?” She asked in surprise.

“A bidet too. And you don’t have to worry about not being in the correct position. It senses where you are on the bed and will automatically move under you.”

Becca looked up at him. Her eyes were full, not of contempt, but of pure admiration. “I am so so sorry I bit you.”

