The All Day Girls (Part 3 & 4)

Author: JeffreyStein

*000*2013-08-28 18:38

Hi all

I have got some time, so I decided maybe it was a good time to post chapters 3 & 4 of Paul Tester's series.

Chapters 1 & 2 have been posted at that place.

===

Chapter 3 : Competition Time

The All Day Girls used to meet every Sunday in one of the senior girl's studies. Hardly had the 24 hour group been established when those girls started wondering just how long it was possible to wait. Janet suggested they double the liquid intake and try again for 24 hours, but this was considered to be impossible, and the subject was dropped. The next week five girls, including Erica, admitted that they had tried to last 24 hours with double liquid intake, but all of them had given up in desperation during the afternoon.

Their competitive instincts were aroused, and each of the five began asking when the others had given up, and how badly had they wanted to go. Each was implying that they had not tried that hard to wait, and could have lasted much longer if they had really wanted to. Pauline said there was only one thing to do, have a waiting contest and see who could last out the longest. Nine girls, the eight 24 Hour Girls and the one who had not quite made it, said they would enter the contest.

Some basic rules were formulated; the girls would compete in three groups of three, and drink 300 ml of water or other liquid of their choice every hour from 8 am onwards, after having their last piss at 7 am. A standard liquid intake had to be maintained the previous day to avoid anyone being too dehydrated. The competing group would meet in a study after lunch and keep drinking until there was a winner. Once he competition started in earnest in the study, liquid intake had to be doubled to 300 ml every 30 minutes.

This time, a girl could use any method she liked to hold out, but all would have to follow a standard routine of ten minutes sitting, fifteen standing and five minutes walking about in the half hour. Since the competition was taking place in private, all the girls would wear closely fitting grey leggings that would show any leaks, and "standard" knickers without an absorbent gusset, which one member had bought a bulk supply.

Finally, it was added that the winner had to wait at least 20 minutes longer than the second place girl. The winner of each group would then compete in a final to find the Champion Bladder of the school. The groups were selected at random, and the first competition was set for the Saturday, and another on the Sunday. The third heat would be the next weekend, and the grand final the weekend after.

The competing girls were:

Alison, just 18, average height but thin with red hair, and one who was struggling at the end of 24 hours. Caroline, 17, a full figured Sloane Ranger type, with dark hair. She had been desperate after 24 hours, but in control. Diana, the second youngest, 16, and only just able to make the 24 hour group. Average height but plump with blonde hair. Erica, the youngest and not yet 14, but with a huge bladder capacity. Average build for her age, short brown hair.

Michelle, 18, an elegant French girl with long dark hair and slim figure. One of the favourites to win. Pauline, the group leader, 18, and another favourite to win. Tall, well built, with long blonde hair. Rachel, 18, easily made the 24 hour group, a tiny girl with dark hair, suspected of having hollow legs because she could wait so long. Susan, 17, a big girl in every way, with short auburn hair. Tracy, 17, a short plump girl with brown hair, and the only one who was not a 24 Hour Girl, but intensely competitive and determined to do well.

It was thought that the winner would be one of Michelle, Pauline, Rachel or Susan, with Erica possibly also in the running, but after some vigorous discussion it was decided not to attempt to "seed" the competitors but just to draw the names out of a hat. The results were:

Heat one.

Alison, Michelle, Tracy.

Heat two.

Diana, Erica, Susan.

Heat three.

Caroline, Pauline, Rachel.

Michelle was considered to have got an easy heat, and expected to make the final, while heat three was expected to be the closest. In heat two, Susan had considerable support as many of the girls considered that Erica was an upstart and could not bear the idea of so young a girl being able to wait longer than they could. Susan herself was not so confident, as she knew how much she had wanted to go after 24 hours. Heat three was going to be the real contest, and many considered that this should have been the final, as Pauline and Rachel were the two favourites to win.

===

Chapter 4 : Heat 1

The result of this heat was considered by most of the girls to be a foregone conclusion, so there were only the two appointed judges and one spectator present in Michelle's study when the competition started at 1 o'clock. Already the girls had drunk 1.5 litres, and both Alison and Tracy were bursting and constantly crossing their legs, while Michelle was in considerable need of a pee. She was confident of winning without having to strain her bladder too much, and the real interest was to see who would come second. To make the competition more interesting, it had been decided that the first girl to give up in each group would have to pay a fine of £10, which would go into the prize fund for the winner.

The surprising thing about Heat One was how long Tracy was able to hold on. She was thought to be the sure loser of the heat, but she was determined not to come last. By 2 o'clock both Alison and Tracy were holding between their legs when they were walking, and at least part of the time when they were standing. Tracy was sitting on her heel, while Alison was still able to hold on with just her legs tightly crossed. Forty five minutes later, they were both holding themselves all the time, and struggling to wait.

During the walking time, Tracy was holding herself with both hands, pressing her fingers hard against her pee hole, and the spectators expected her to give up soon. However, she was determined not to come last, and gritting her teeth, she said she was never going to give up voluntarily. She was not going to stop until she was physically incapable of holding her pee any longer, and it started leaking past her fingers. No-one had expected any girl to make herself hold out this long, so Erica, who had just joined the spectators, quickly got a bucket from the cleaners' store, so no girl would have to walk to the loo with wet leggings.

Even sitting down, Alison and Tracy were now struggling to contain themselves, squirming about in the chair and pressing hard between their legs. Tracy was silent, with a grim, determined look on her face, while Alison looked more worried and kept groaning with the effort of holding back her pee. When they stood up, Alison almost doubled over, pressing both hands hard up between her legs to try and control a sudden even more urgent need to pee.

She kept control for almost five minutes before the pressure became too much, and gasping out "I give up, I can't stand it another second!" she ran out of the room to the nearest loo, about 20 yards down the corridor. When she returned some minutes later she had a small wet spot between her legs. Once she had taken her hands away from her crutch to bolt the cubicle door and pull her leggings down, she had not been able to hold it in, and had allowed a small leak before she had her knickers down. She reported that she had been going for ages, but in her panic to get her knickers down, she had forgotten to time herself from the start of the pee.

The big question then was whether Tracy would be able to wait the extra 20 minutes to claim second place. She looked to be more desperate than Alison had been, but she was absolutely determined to hold as long as it was possible for her to do so. She was hardly able to walk, but with both hands pressed into her crutch she was able to stagger about the room sufficient to satisfy the judges. Even when the 20 minutes were up, and she was officially second, she carried on holding it, trying to give Michelle some competition. Michelle had been trying to act as nonchalantly as possible, pretending that she hardly wanted to go, but in fact she was far more desperate that she appeared. She was still not holding between her legs, which gave her a tremendous psychological advantage.

@@Now, as she was standing up and drinking yet another glass of water, she was having to use every ounce of her strength to avoid leaking. Her legs were crossed and she was rubbing them together and hopping up and down in an attempt to hold it. Then the pressure became too much to bear, she twisted round in a circle, almost doubling over to avoid letting go in her knickers. Erica and Alison saw how desperate Michelle was, and began encouraging Tracy to hang on a bit longer, telling her that she had a real chance of winning. Tracy now was so desperate that she was almost beyond hearing their encouragement, concentrating only on holding back her pee for another minute. Standing, she was doubling over, both hands jammed between her legs, twisting herself in to all sorts of positions in the hope that one would help her hold her pee a bit longer. Then the walking time was too much for her, and after a couple of minutes of shuffling round the room, groaning "I must wait, I am not going to give up," she let out a gasp and stood still, trying to press even harder between her legs. All to no avail, as she had been unable to stop herself letting go a spurt of pee, which soaked the gusset of her knickers and spread to her leggings.

"Oh no!" she cried, "I must hold it," but another leak made it clear that she could not hold it any longer.

"Quick! Quick! I can't stop it! Give me the bucket before I flood the room."

She was still trying to stem the flow with both hands, making it impossible for her to pull down her leggings, so she just sat on the proffered bucket and let her pee come pouring out through her leggings. Her pee was timed at 1 minute 10 seconds, and for most of that time she was going like a tap turned full on. The volume was estimated at about a litre, but nobody had brought a measure. Even when she had finished, Tracy remained on the bucket, holding her stomach and complaining that it still hurt as much even after she had let go.

Eventually Alison helped her to a chair and gave her a towel so she could take her wet clothes off. Now all attention turned to Michelle, who was shaking with desperation as she walked, but still not holding herself. As she sat down and drank another glass of water, she shuddered and pressed one hand between her tightly crossed legs. Obviously she had been given a far harder contest than she had expected, but she waited the extra time without any great drama, before thankfully retreating to the loos. Rachel, one of the judges, accompanied her, and timed her pee at 1 minute 56 seconds, but reported that Michelle had produced a steady stream instead of the great blast of pee from Tracy.

*006*2013-08-29 16:59

Yes mesquka, it actually comes from Thomas' Water Page, by Paul Tester. I post it here because I find it very good, and because TWP is now closed :-/

{{

Why did you make a separate thread for this? In fact, why not just link to where it's already available, or post the whole thing at once (preferably properly typeset)? We'll read them just fine at our own pace, thank you.

}}

I only thought about the length of the chapters ... they will actually be growing in size, and one huge thread might have been quite repelling, don't you think ? Otherwise yes of course, I can post it all in one thread ! ;-)

*008*2013-08-29 18:32

OK, it will take me some time to gather everything in one file. Then I will post it in one piece if it is best !

I don't seem to be able to delete the two first threads though ...

*011*2013-08-30 16:20

First of all, would it be possible for a moderator and/or an admin to delete the "(Part 3 & 4)" part of the title please ? I can't edit the first post anymore ...

Anyways, here come chapters 5 and 6 :-). I am re-typesetting the others, it takes time, sorry ! :-/

======

Chapter 5 : Heat 2

This was expected to be a much closer contest, and so many girls wanted to watch that a rota of spectators had to be drawn up. Sara and Katrina were judges, and the contest was held in Pauline's study, as this was the biggest room they had access to. Alison and Tracy had appointed themselves Erica's chief supporters, and had arranged the rota so that at least one of them would be there to encourage her. Almost all the sixth form girls were supporting Susan, as they could not bear the though of a much younger girl being able to wait longer than any of them. So great was the rivalry between Erica and Susan, that Diana was almost forgotten, and it was soon apparent that her heart was not in the contest. She retired after only an hour of the contest, as soon as she was too desperate to walk without holding between her legs. This left the two main contestants to fight it out for the rest of the afternoon.

Erica knew that she was the under-dog in this contest, and was determined to do well. Her plan was not to give any indication of how badly she wanted to go until it was impossible to disguise it. Thus she spurned such aids to waiting as crossing her legs while sitting or standing, and had no intention of holding between her legs. When Diana gave up, Erica was feeling very full, bursting in fact, but was going out of her way to prove that she hardly wanted to go. She was making a point of standing and sitting with her legs apart, just to show Susan that she didn't want to go. Susan, who was in a similar state to Erica, was keeping her legs tightly crossed while sitting, and her thighs were pressed together all the time she was standing or walking. Erica's tactics were working, as Susan was really bursting, and becoming worried about how long she was going to have to wait if she was to win.

Two more drinks later, and Susan was twisting her legs together in desperation, and having to press between her legs occasionally as she walked, when the urge to pee became almost unbearable. She was becoming resigned to losing the heat, but continued encouragement from her supporters made her determined to hang on until as long as she could. Already her bladder was throbbing, and felt very swollen. What Susan did not know was just how badly Erica actually wanted to go. She was still not even crossing her legs, though a close observer would have seen that she was having difficulty walking normally.

@@In fact, she was absolutely desperate, having to use all her strength to hold back her pee, and very close to letting some dribbles go into her knickers. It was only her determination to follow the tactics she had planned that was preventing her from either crossing her legs or holding her crutch. This was nearly her undoing. During the next walking time, she was hanging on with every ounce of her strength, fighting so hard to control herself without showing her desperation that she was hardly aware that Susan was holding herself all the time. Then, despite the effort she was making to clench her bladder shut, she felt her sphincter giving way and about to let a spurt of pee escape. Panicking, she grabbed between her legs with both hands, pressing her fingers hard against her pee hole, desperately trying to stop herself leaking and losing the contest. Somehow, she wasn't sure how, she managed to stop herself, and then carried on shuffling round the room, keeping both hands pressed between her legs until she felt she had control of her bladder again.

When she was able to sit down, she carefully removed first one, and then both hands, just able to control herself with plaited legs, and thankfully noting that she had not actually leaked, or at least not enough to show and lose the contest. Susan had been close to giving up, but was now heartened to realise that Erica was far more desperate that she had thought. Susan and her supporters guessed that Erica had come very close to wetting herself, and expected her to give up after the next drink. Both Alison and Tracy were encouraging Erica, telling her that Susan was about to give up, and Tracy whispered to her that she should not be ashamed to hold her crutch and take some of the strain off her bladder muscles. Erica replied grimly that she didn't have much choice, as she could hardly manage to stand up unless she did hold herself.

Despite her earlier plan, Erica held her crotch most of the sitting period, and all of the standing and walking time, while Susan managed to survive for part of the time with just crossed legs and walking sideways. Two more 300 ml glassed of water, and both girls felt they were reaching their limit. Susan was now frantic, holding between her legs all the time, often using both hands and doubling over in a last despairing attempt to hold on. Her bladder seemed to her to be so swollen it was sticking out about 6 inches, and she thought she was going to explode if she didn't pee soon. Erica was also holding all the time, often using two hands while walking, but was feeling more in control now the earlier crisis had passed. Her bladder felt enormous and very painful, but she knew she could wait if she really had to.

Walking was too much for Susan, and ultimately she lacked Tracy's determination to hold on until she started leaking. She doubled over, pressing both hands hard between her legs, twisting her legs together, trying everything she could to hold back her pee, but finally she could not stand it any longer. She gasped "Sorry! I can't hold it any longer, I give up!" and staggered to the loo, helped by Carol and accompanied by Katrina to time her pee. Erica was elated, because she knew that she could manage to wait the extra 20 minutes, even if she held herself all the time. In fact it was harder than she thought, and as the time approached, she suddenly became incredibly desperate as she anticipated the pee. But she made it, finally walking to the loo with Sara to time her.

Susan had been timed at an incredible 2 min 15 sec, but Katrina reported that she had not produced anything like the pressure she had expected, describing it as a very long normal pee. Erica had taken only 1 min 12 sec to empty her bladder, but Sara said that she had started with more pressure that she had ever heard anyone pee with before, gradually reducing to a more normal stream. Whatever their volumes, there was no doubt that Erica was the winner, and once again she had amazed the older girls with her capacity.

Because of this difference in their peeing times, it was decided that all the girls would have to pee in a bucket behind a screen in the contest room, so pressures could be compared and volume measured.

===

Chapter 6 : Heat 3

After the epic struggles of the first two heats, all the All Day Girls wanted to see the last heat and the final, so a strict rota of viewing times was drawn up, and each contestant was allowed a 'second' to be with her all the time. Now most of the girls were admitting that they found these contests erotic, even though none of them had any known leanings towards lesbianism. The judges for this Heat were Tracy and Janet, and the 'seconds' were Emma for Caroline, Tamzin for Pauline, and Sara for Rachel. Once again, Pauline's study was the venue.

When the contestants assembled at 1 o'clock they were all trying to give the impression of having no interest in wanting a pee, though in fact all were already needing to pee, and Pauline, despite being marginally the favourite, wanted to go quite badly. Just before the contest started in earnest, she had admitted to Tamzin that she was worried how badly she wanted to go, fearing that her bladder was mis-behaving as she had been wanting to go since 9 o'clock that morning. Though they might not admit it, almost all of the All Day Girls had tested themselves privately as if they were in the competition. Pauline had done this twice before, and had never wanted to go anything like as badly as she did that afternoon

After two hours of steady drinking, all three were at the leg crossing and leg twisting stage, and none of them wanted to be the first to go to the next stage, either sitting on their heel or holding between their legs. The spectators were trying to gauge the desperation level of each girl, and making guesses as to who would be the first to hold their crutch. Much to everyone's surprise, it was Pauline who succumbed first, pressing her hand between her legs several times while standing, and then holding for most of the walk. She now wanted to go really badly, and was far from confident about winning. However, having seen how Erica had nearly slipped up the week before by not holding herself until it was nearly too late, she was holding herself before it was really necessary. Caroline was the next to hold, just before the walking period finished, leaving Rachel the moral leader at this stage.

Annette and Janet, the mathematicians of the group, had made approximate calculations of potential bladder volume by estimating the pelvic volume of the girls, hip measurement times distance from crutch to waist. Since two of the three largest, Susan and Tracy were already out of the contest, and the joint smallest, Erica still in, this was not considered to be a very relevant study, and Rachel's state at this stage seemed to be more proof that bladder size was not proportional to body size.

Half an hour later both Caroline and Pauline were holding themselves virtually all the time, while Rachel was still only at the crossing legs stage, though by now her legs were very tightly crossed, and towards the end of the walk, she was having to press her hand between her legs a few times to ease the strain on her bladder. She was actually absolutely bursting to go, and her bladder was really aching it was so full. The reason she was not holding herself was that she had found that it did nothing to relieve the pain in her bladder, and she was not yet at the frantic urgent stage when she would be fighting to avoid wetting herself. She could feel the hard, tender swelling of her abdomen which told her that her bladder was full to bursting point, and had no more room to expand internally.

Pauline and Caroline were in a completely different situation. They both wanted to go desperately urgently, and needed all the help they could get to hold back their pee. For Caroline, this indicated that she was not going to be able to wait much longer, because despite having a large bladder, which had enabled her to join the 24 hour girls, she was lacking in the will power and competitive spirit that would have made her hold on until she simply could not contain herself any longer.

She knew she could not wait as long as either Pauline or Rachel, and she was reaching the point when she simply did not want to suffer the misery of a bursting bladder any longer. She decided that she would hold on until it was time to walk again, and then give up, but thinking about being able to pee was the worst thing she could have done, and very quickly the urge to go seemed to become unbearable and she thought she was going to wet her knickers, even though she was holding between her legs as hard as she could. Emma, her 'second' realised she was approaching a crisis point, and tried to encourage her to hold it and get control again, but Caroline had reached then end of her tether and gasping

"I can't stand it any longer, I'm so desperate I've got to go," she dashed behind the screen to relieve herself in the bucket. Both Pauline and Rachel winced in desperation as they heard the force of Caroline's pee hitting the bucket. 'Like an elephant peeing,' 'Like a bath-tap full on' were the expressions that the girls later used to describe Caroline's huge blast of pee. She finished in 41 seconds, keeping the pressure up almost to the end, producing 1180 ml. of pee.

This sound was almost too much for Pauline, who had to press between her legs with both hands to stop a spurt of pee escaping in sympathy with Caroline's blast.

"I can't hold it much longer, I'm absolutely frantic," she whispered to Tamzin. "I might as well give up now, I'm almost wetting myself and Rachel isn't even holding herself seriously yet."

"Hang on, you must hang on, you're going to win this. She's far worse that you think, her stomach is really swollen up, her bladder must be stretched to its limit and almost exploding." Tamzin, who was also a small girl, had been watching how Rachel had been protecting her bladder, and, based on her own experience when desperate, suspected it was absolutely bursting. She realised that Pauline was so desperate that she probably could not concentrate on anything except her bladder, and had missed the signs or Rachel's desperation.

Sara, Rachel's second, had just managed to overhear Pauline saying she could not last much longer, and passed this on to Rachel as encouragement.

"You are going to win this easily, she is almost wetting herself and you hardly want to go yet."

"Sara, I'm in agony, I think my bladder is going to burst if I don't wee soon. Can't you see how swollen it is, I have never been in this state before. It hurts so much I don't think I can bear it much longer."

Rachel was hurting more than she had ever done in her life before. The pain from her distended bladder was worse than toothache, and it was a test of her will-power to withstand the pain and keep waiting. She could still hold back her pee relatively easily, but it was hurting her so much to do it. She kept holding her crutch, not because she was frantic, but in the vain hope that it would stop her bladder aching so badly.

For a time it seemed as if both girls were on the verge of giving up, but then, encouraged by their seconds, they both decided that the other was even worse than they were, and fought to hang on a bit longer. To her surprise, Pauline survived the next half hour without getting any worse, in fact, she felt more in control than she had immediately after Caroline had given up. Rachel, on the other hand, was considerable worse, and had an increasingly urgent need to pee to cope with, on top of her throbbing bladder. Whereas Pauline's bladder seemed still to be able to expand to contain the pee flowing in, Rachel's could get no bigger, and the internal pressure was rising rapidly.

The next session of walking was almost the end for Rachel. She had to hold her crutch with one hand to hold back the ever increasing pressure in her bladder, while with her other hand she was pulling her leggings away from her stomach, as even the slight pressure from them on her bladder was becoming too painful to bear. She was more or less shuffling along, hardly able to walk properly as every step was jarring her bladder and increasing the pain. Sara was doing as much as the judges would allow to help her, but short of actually carrying Rachel, there was not much that was really going to help.

"Hang on, it's only another minute or so, then you can sit down again," Sara was trying to keep Rachel in the competition, but every body has its limit, and Rachel's was nearing hers. She managed to survive until she could sit, but this did not offer the relief that Sara had promised, as sitting with her legs crossed seemed to hurt her bladder even more.

"I'm sorry Sara," she said, " I simply cannot bear it any longer, it hurts so much I have just got to wee before I injure myself. Even if Pauline gave up now, I could never wait another 20 minutes to win."

Sara tried to hold Rachel back, pleading with her to try and wait another 5 minutes, in case Pauline gave up, but Rachel had reached the point where she just could not bear to wait another second.

"I give up," she gasped, conceding defeat and staggering towards the screen and bucket and the glorious relief that she had denied herself so long. Sara had to more or less carry her there, as she was holding with both hands to avoid the indignity of wetting herself at the last second. The listening girls were expecting another great blasting pee, with even more pressure than Caroline, but after two initial, high pressure spurts, Rachel peed at a normal, steady rate, but just went on and on, as if she was going to pee for ever. She finished after 2 minutes 25 seconds, beating Susan's time from the previous week, and 1.45 litres of pee, an incredible volume for so small a body.

The moment Rachel had conceded defeat, Tamzin had told the judges to start the clock to time the extra 20 minutes that Pauline had to wait to win. She knew just how desperate her charge was, and secretly doubted her ability to wait even another ten minutes. Pauline was doubled over in desperation, holding herself with both hands, as the sound of Rachel peeing was only making her even more frantic. Tamzin was doing everything to help Pauline except actually holding her crutch for her, and she would have done that it the judges had allowed it.

She was even holding the glass for Pauline's last drink, so she did not have to take one hand from between her legs. Once Rachel had finished peeing, Pauline was able to regain some semblance of control, at least enough to be able to wait the extra time with only one hand between her legs for most of the time, though the surge of anticipation as the last minutes approached was almost too much for her to control. She was right on her limit, and was almost standing over the bucket as the time expired and she was declared the winner. Sara, doing her job to the last, insisted that she remain standing in the 'arena' until every second of the 20 minutes was up, as she was still hoping that Pauline would not be able to last out.

If Rachel's pee pressure had been a disappointment after Caroline's, then Pauline's was even less impressive, as after an initial spurt, she seemed to have trouble getting going, sometimes going at normal pressure, sometimes just a trickle, but like Rachel, she just went on and on, not finishing until 3 minutes 8 seconds, producing 1.45 litres, the same as Rachel. Both girls admitted that they had never before wanted to pee so badly as they had that day, and Rachel said that her stomach was still hurting so much that she thought she must have strained her bladder forcing it to hold so much pee.

*013*2013-09-02 15:42

Here comes the final ;) Sorry for the delay I am ... quite busy lately.

===

Chapter 7 : The Final

The number of girls crowding into Pauline’s study to see the last heat had attracted the attention of other girls and staff, so they had to postpone the final for four weeks to avoid having to explain what was happening in there. Susan had jokingly suggested that they register themselves as an official school society and thus be allowed to use a proper meeting room, with enough space for all the spectators, to hold the final. During these four weeks there was immense speculation as to the outcome, with no clear-cut favourite emerging. Tracy was Erica’s second, and leader of her group of supporters, who in true British fashion were backing the perceived underdog.

However, many of the girls still found it difficult to believe that she could wait so long when only 13, and did not rate her chances against two 18 year olds. The Europeans felt obliged to back Michelle, as the only non-English contestant, and the only contestant who had not been really stretched in the heats. Karen was Michelle’s second. Pauline kept Tamzin as her second, and as leader of the All Day Girls, she had considerable support, many girls considering it her right to be the Champion Bladder of the school.

During the three week run up to the competition, all three entrants were practising seriously, normally trying to stretch their bladders as much as possible for the big day. Tracy was the leading advocate of bladder training, and tried to make Erica hold to desperation level at least once a day. Both the other contestants had also adopted a policy of not going until they absolutely had to, to prepare their bladders for the contest. Erica had wanted to try a solo ‘dummy run’ of the contest the week before, but Tracy would not agree, suspecting that it would be difficult to really hold on with no competition, and that the result would only demoralise Erica. She was probably right, as both Michelle and Pauline tried this alone in their studies, and Pauline had not been able to contain the volume she had in winning her heat, something that was worrying her as the day of the final approached.

To avoid anyone getting an unfair advantage, there was a prescribed liquid intake for 24 hours before the contest started, but despite this, all three entrants had drunk virtually nothing for the day before this, to get as dehydrated as possible. The contest was so popular with the All Day Girls that the number of spectators had to be limited, and for 45 minutes at a time only, and tickets allocated by ballot. Only the two judges, Susan and Caroline, and the three seconds, would be present throughout the contest.

The contest started with all three girls trying to display a confident air, though all were more nervous than they had been for their heats. Michelle knew that she had not been stretched to the limits that the other two had, and was worried that she would not be able to find the strength or will-power to win. Pauline was still conscious of only being able to hold one litre the previous weekend, and knew this would not be enough to win. For the first time in these contests, Erica was aware of how much younger that the others she was, and despite encouragement from Tracy, could not help feeling over-awed in the presence of so many older girls, particularly as most seemed to be supporting her rivals.

All three contestants were wanting to go when they met in Pauline’s study, but each was trying to give the impression of being totally relaxed and at ease, deliberately standing about with their legs apart. Mindful of Erica’s mistake in the heat, Tracy had counselled against such tactics, and when she saw how the other two were behaving, she told Erica to act normally and concentrate on minimising the strain on her bladder. She was happy to comply, as at this stage she wanted to be as comfortable as possible for as long as she could. Pauline quickly realised that the initial deception had not worked, and went to the other extreme and began to pretend that she was more desperate that she was, frequently twisting her legs together. After 30 minutes, it looked as if Michelle was leading, but nobody could tell how much the other two were bluffing.

It was not long before Erica started to ease the strain on her bladder by occasionally pressing between her legs while she was walking, not because she really had to, but her need to pee was bad enough to make it a strain to wait without. Next time they were walking, Pauline was doing the same, though not as much as Erica was. Michelle, who never normally resorted to holding her crutch however desperate she was, was still walking fairly normally, though she was sitting and standing with her legs either crossed or pressed tightly together. In fact, if it had been possible to measure the girls’ bladder pressures, hers would have been the highest of the three, but her years of training in France, learning how to hold on for ages without giving any indication of her need, were giving her an apparent lead in the competition.

@@Three-quarters of an hour later, and all three were getting really desperate. Michelle was still managing to wait without holding, but the pressure in her bladder was reaching desperation level, and she was having to fight for control the whole time, and when she was walking she was almost shaking with the effort it was taking to hold on. She might have been the only girl still not holding it back, but she was actually the closest one to wetting her knickers at that point. She had been educated at convent schools in France, where she had been taught that touching between her legs for any reason at all was absolutely forbidden. Even when she was reaching desperation level, and in danger of losing the contest, she had a block against holding between her legs. Only when she was walking round the room and felt her sphincter give way and a spurt of pee about to escape, did she press one hand between her legs in a last frantic effort to stem the leak. To her horror, she felt a dribble escape her bladder and trickle into her knickers, but the pressure for her fingers at least managed to stop any more leaks. She dare not remove her hand , and she was afraid there would be a wet patch on her leggings. Only when she was sitting, legs knotted, did she take her hand away, and found that while it felt warm and wet between her legs, nothing actually showed.

This near disaster for Michelle indicated that her bladder was full to its absolute limit, and within minutes she was holding herself again, knowing that there was no way she could wait unaided. Even holding, and using both hands when she stood up, Michelle was hardly able to wait, so full was her bladder, and when she had to walk the pressure was too much for her to control, and despite pressing as hard as she could, more pee slowly leaked into her knickers this time the wetness began to show on her leggings. Knowing she had lost, Michelle simply ran for the bucket and the relief she desperately needed, unable to prevent another leak as she pulled down her knickers. The force of her pee in the bucket showed just how much pressure there was in her bladder, and this thin, high pressure jet continued for 2 minutes 35 seconds, and 1.40 litres. Never, she told Karen, had she wanted to pee so badly, and never could she remember going with so much force or for so long.

For two girls as desperate as Erica and Pauline, the sound of Michelle’s pee was agony, and Erica doubled over with both hands between her legs, fearful that she might lose control in sympathy. Knowing the problem, Tracy clutched her arms and encouraged her to wait. The two remaining contestants were on opposite sides of the room, both holding with both hands and just about managing to keep walking enough to satisfy the judges. Thankfully, there were soon allowed to sit, when they tried to get their bladders under control again for the final stage of the contest. Both felt that their bladders were being stretched to the limit, but they were still in control, just.

Another 35 minutes and Erica was almost ready to give up. Her bladder was agony, and so swollen that she could see her abdomen bulging, and feel the pressure of her knicker elastic cutting into her. Never had she wanted to go so badly, and she confessed in a whisper to Tracy that she was not going to be able to hold on much longer. Tracy did all she could to encourage her, almost getting them disqualified when she came too close to actually helping her hold between her legs.

Responding to this encouragement, Erica somehow managed to hold out for another 20 minutes, but standing put even more pressure on her bladder, and the desperate need to pee, coupled with the agonising pressure in her bladder, was too much for the young girl to bear. Tears were running down her cheeks as she struggled with all her might to wait, exhorted by Tracy to just hold on another five minutes, but the pain was more than she could stand. The thought of the relief that was just behind the screen was irresistible, and without saying anything she hobbled across the room and conceded the contest as she pulled down her leggings and almost collapsed on the bucket. Her huge blast of pee as she let go left no-one in any doubt as to her desperation, and she kept up the pressure for most of her 92 second pee. The volume was a new record, 1.65 litres, an unbelievable amount for such a small body to contain.

The sound of Michelle peeing had given Pauline the most frantic desire to pee, and she had been fighting with all her strength to avoid wetting herself for the next five minutes. Never had she pressed so hard between her legs, and never had she clenched her bladder shut so tightly. Tamzin saw what a struggle she was having to hold it, and stood between her and Erica and Tracy, who were engrossed in their own struggle, and did not realise how desperate their adversary was.

Because Erica was so desperate, and Tracy was trying so hard to encourage her to wait, neither noticed how badly Pauline wanted to go. Even when she was sitting, the frantic urge to pee would not go away, and while she no longer thought she was about to wet her pants, Pauline still wanted to go more urgently than she had ever done before. No matter how she pressed her fingers against her pee hole, or twisted her legs together, nothing would take away the frantic need to pee. She was clenching her bladder shut with all her strength, only just able to prevent her pee leaking out. She survived in this state until Erica finally gave up, but by this time she was also near to the end of her tether. She was having to put so much effort into keeping her bladder shut, despite the pressure for her fingers, that she knew that if the need to pee go any worse she would not be able to hold it.

When Erica gave up, Tamzin was telling her that she had won, all she had to do was wait another 20 minutes and she was champion, but Pauline was so close to her limit that 20 minutes seemed an impossible time. She clenched herself shut with all her might, and closed her eyes, telling herself she would take it five minutes at a time. When she next looked at the clock, only two minutes had passed, yet it had seemed like hours and she wanted to pee even more frantically, so badly that she could feel her last vestige of control slipping away.

Despite all the encouragement from Tamzin, she was losing control of her bladder, and after another frantic minute there was nothing more she could do to prevent a long dribble of pee slowly leaking past her fingers and into her knickers. Once she had let go, it was only a few seconds before another leak happened and the wetness was spreading down her legs, revealing that she had lost control. Another big leak soaked the crutch of her leggings before she could pull them down and crouch over the bucket. After her initial blast of pee at tremendous pressure, her stream slowed down and then almost stopped, as it had at the end of her heat. She continued her stop and start pee for 3 minutes 32 seconds, finishing with a long spurt at normal pressure. This was the longest pee ever recorded, but her volume was 1.55 litres, less than Erica’s, though this did not include the initial spurts in her knickers.

As Pauline had not managed to hold out the required 20 minutes after Erica had given up, she was not officially the winner. Tamzin claimed that as Pauline had waited longer, she was the champion bladder, even if she had not managed to wait that much longer, but Tracy countered this by claiming that as Erica had held more pee, she should be champion. The contest was declared a draw, and there was to be a re-match three weeks later, just between Erica and Pauline. Both contestants were suffering from severe bladder ache after stretching themselves to such limits. Pauline collapsed into a easy chair in her study, while Erica, who was too young to have her own room, went with Tracy to her room, where she could stretch out on the bed and allow her bladder to relax. Tracy was trying to hide how furious she was that Erica had given up when Pauline was so close to wetting herself, thinking that they could so easily have won.

Before she could say anything, Erica burst into tears, "Oh Tracy, I could have won if only I had made myself wait a bit longer. I never realised how close Pauline was to breaking down, Oh if only I had tried to wait just a bit longer. It hurt so much, but I was still holding it, and I could have stood the pain a bit longer. Pauline went right to her limit, until she was leaking past her fingers, just like you did, while I gave up just because it hurt."

Tracy tried to comfort her, "I should have seen how bad Pauline was, I should have guessed that there was something wrong , the way Tamzin was blocking my view. The main thing is, we now know that Pauline can’t last as long as you, and she can’t hold as much pee, so you should win next time."

"I shall have to start training tomorrow," said Erica, regaining her resolve with Tracy’s encouragement, "I am going to stretch my bladder to its limit every day until the rematch, so I should be able to hold 2 litres and win easily, even if Pauline trains as well."

