Shot in the dark - a story/fanfiction

Author: Little Widow

*000*2012-12-06 04:00

So this is a story I am writing about my favorite band! :) I'm in it too, and this is the very first time I've ever shared my omorashi fiction with anyone, so feedback is extremely welcome! and later on there will be some bed wetting. Enjoy!

Chapter 1:

It was the day Katie had been waiting for all year. She was FINALLY leaving to spend the whole summer in Florida with Carlos at his beach house. He had invited her, Katie's best friend Thomas, and his friends as a birthday present, and finally, they were leaving!

"Now be careful," Katie's mother reminded her as Carlos pulled into the driveway. "I love you, text me, all that good stuff."

"I will Mama," Katie said, hugging her mother.

"Hi Mrs. Kopp," Carlos said as he walked over to them. "I promise I'll take good care of Katie." Katie let out a titter, she always felt tingles when Carlos wrapped his arms around her.

"I know you will," Katie's mom said. "And I know you two won't be sleeping together, RIGHT?"

"Moom!" Katie whined. Carlos chuckled.

"I promise, no sleeping together," Carlos fibbed easily. He actually had packed a box of condoms at Katie's request, unbeknownst to her mother. Katie gave her mom one last hug as Carlos loaded her stuff in to the car.

"I'll see you at the end of the summer," Katie promised. And she ran off to the car. As she buckled up, Carlos popped in a Taylor Swift CD, and they were off.

"Carlos I can't thank you enough for this," Katie said as they got on the Highway.

"Anything for you babe," Carlos smiled. Katie sang along to every song on the album, only interrupted as the album ended and Carlos' phone rang.

"Hellooo?" Katie answered.

"Someone's had too much Taylor Swift this morning," Logan chuckled. "We were gonna stop for Starbucks at the next exit. y'all wanna come?"

"Let me ask Carlos," Katie answered, turning to her beau. "You wanna grab some starbucks?"

"Sure," He said. He was feeling a little sleepy, so he figured some caffeine would help.

"Yeah, we'll meet y'all there," Katie said.

"Sweet," Logan said, and he hung up. Carlos pulled off the highway and followed Logan's red truck to the starbucks parking lot.

"Morning beautiful," Kendall said as Katie hopped out of the car. Carlos followed behind her. "Where's your other friend?"

"He's stuck at home finishing up school for the year," Katie explained. "He'll fly out next week."

"Ah," Kendall answered. Suddenly James pulled up in his silver Ferrari with his girlfriend Halston, pulling up in her tan Honda behind him.

"We gonna get coffee or what?" He asked, flashing his perfect smile. Everyone went inside and ordered their coffee. Katie remembered that she had medicine she was supposed to take for her bladder, but not wanting to draw attention to herself, she left the pill in her bag. That one choice though, would become her undoing.

###

Everyone got back in their cars and got back on the highway. Everyone stayed in a sort of line, but Halston texted Katie that she and James were gonna stop soon for a bathroom break and they'd meet the gang in Florida. Katie then became aware that she needed a pee too.

"Hey Carlos? Can we stop at the next exit?" She asked.

"But we're making such good time baby," He sighed.

"Well then just keep going," Katie smiled. She knew that wasn't gonna end well, but maybe she could make it. it wasn't even an hour later and she knew she couldn't.

"You okay sweetie?" Carlos asked.

"Um," was all Katie could manage to say. It felt like she was about to burst. "Carlos we need to stop."

"But baby we're in the middle of nowhere," He sighed. Why didn't she just tell him sooner? "I promise next exit we'll get off, okay?" Katie nodded, but she knew she wouldn't make it that long. She was rocking back and forth, trying to be a lady, but ended up grabbing her crotch. Carlos popped another CD in the player, this time a Jonas Brothers one, hoping it would distract her.

"Hold on baby, just a little bit longer," Carlos said, rubbing Katie's back. She gasped, and suddenly there was the sound of liquid dripping on to the floor. Carlos was on the innerstate, so he pulled the car off to the side. At this point Katie wasn't even trying to hold anything back. She had her eyes closed and tears were falling down her cheeks. It didn't take her long to get to empty, and when she did, she let out a sob.

"I-I-I'm so sorry Carlos!" Katie blubbered.

"Baby it's okay," Carlos said, hugging her. "I should have listened to you." Katie just laid there in his arms, sniffling and feeling beyond mortified. Then Carlos had an idea as a wave of desperation hit him too.

"Would it make you feel better if I pissed myself too?" He asked honestly.

"Y-you would d-d-do that for me?" Katie asked. Carlos nodded. "Then sure." It didn't take him long. All he had to do was think of the waves at the beach and his bladder let loose. Soon you could hear the liquid hitting his side of the floor, and Katie let out a giggle. Carlos smiled.

"Let's go get some gas and clean up, okay?"

"Deal," Katie giggled.

*002*2012-12-06 23:24

Well, I guess this is off to a good start.... feedback is more than welcome!

Chapter 2:

Katie reached in to the back and grabbed her bag.

"I'll be right back," She said to Carlos, and she kissed him on the cheek. She went inside and changed into a mini-sundress and some clean undies and shorts, and shoved the wet clothes inside a plastic bag she had originally intended for her swimsuit. When she walked out, she grabbed a gigantic bottle of raspberry tea and a thing of corn nuts. Being desperate like she had been always made her thirsty. She paid for the things and walked back out to the car.

"My turn," Carlos said, grabbing his bag from the back of the car. Katie hugged him and walked around to her side of the car. He really was the best, he had somehow managed to clean the car seats up while she was gone. She sighed. How did someone as undeserving as her get in a relationship with someone as loving as Carlos?

"You ready baby?" He asked, walking out in a different pair of shorts and the same top.

"Yeah," Katie breathed, smiling. She wanted to get to Florida already! She popped her favorite Taylor Swift CD in and Carlos started the engine. Katie fell asleep shortly after, but when she woke up, they were about an hour from the house.

"Where are we?" She asked.

"We're almost to Miami," He said, grabbing her hand. "You need me to stop?" Katie became aware of the pressure building in her pelvic regions.

"Please," She whispered. Carlos smiled at her.

"Anything for you baby," He said sweetly. Katie sighed happily. Her phone went off.

Y'all almost here? Logan said via text. Katie sighed.

Every1 else is here, where you at? James Chimed in.

"Everyone else is at the house," Katie sighed, unlocking her phone to answer Logan.

"Tell James there's a spare key buried in the pot by the front door and that everyone needs to pick a room, but we get the master suite, okay?" Carlos instructed.

"Done," Katie said. Carlos pulled in to the gas station.

AT THE BEACH HOUSE.....

"Katie says that the key should be..." James' fingers stumbled upon the key hiding in the dirt. "Aha!"

"I CALL DIBS ON THE MASTER!" Kendall and Logan shouted out.

"That's the other thing," James said sadly. "Katie said that Carlos already claimed that room for the two of them."

"Dammit!" Logan shouted a little too loud. Halston rolled her eyes at the three guys she was stuck with all summer. At least she had James, who would rock her body all night, and Katie.

"Alright, there we go! Everyone in!" James shouted. They all piled inside.

BACK WITH CARLOS AND KATIE........

"You ready to enter paradise?" Carlos asked teasingly as Katie climbed back in.

"Are we gonna hook up in the back of the car?" Katie asked skeptically. Carlos laughed at her.

"No, but a lot of people we bring to the beach house think it's like paradise, and we have the best room in the house, so..."

"Do we have a big beautiful bed?" Katie asked as she buckled her seat belt.

"With a canopy," Carlos answered. "And a balcony with a view of the beach, and the pool down below. You'll love it." Katie smiled. She couldn't wait until they got to go to bed that night. She knew Carlos well enough that she could easily make him all hers.

