Kitty Pryde's Distress

Author: mhenslowe

*000*2012-05-29 20:46

This is based on a scene in "Excalibur" #6--some of the dialogue from that issue has been preserved here, but most of it is original to this story.

Kitty Pryde had to pee so badly. She was bundled up in furs, her green aviator glasses reducing the wind on her face, and yet she was still freezing as Meggan held her as they flew through the air. She knew that Meggan’s skin was very durable, but psychologically she still couldn’t reconcile Meggan’s bare feet. Kitty’s own feet were freezing in her boots—all of her socks had been dirty, so her tiny little feet were bare within the boots. She could barely wiggle her toes. And the cold was shearing right through her bladder. The shivering was making her overfull bladder ache. God, she had to go so bad!

“Meggan…” she whispered.

“Yes, Kitty,” Meggan said sweetly.

“I…ummm…I’m going to need a break soon.”

“Oh, are you cold?”

“Well, yes, but also…I have to go to the bathroom. Kind of badly, in fact.”

“Oh,” Meggan responded in a worried voice. “I should tell Brian, and we can try to find somewhere to stop.”

“No!” Kitty whispered loudly. “I’ll die of embarrassment. We’ll stop eventually…”

“Think we’ll die of old age before we get there?” she asked irritably.

“Katzchen!” Nightcrawler protested.

“I’m sorry, Shadowcat,” Captain Britain apologized. “Meggan’s and my speed is limited by the physical punishment you and Nightcrawler can endure.”

“This settles things—we have to get back our Blackbird,” Nightcrawler said resolutely.

Kitty squeezed her legs together and gritted her teeth. The cold was making her shake, and the shaking was threatening to make her bladder release. It was throbbing, and she was becoming very worried that she was going to wet her pants. Since being toilet-trained, she had probably only full-on wet herself maybe…twice? Three times? She wasn’t counting the close calls, when perhaps a little sort of, you know, escaped before she had gotten to a toilet. No, she was thinking that she had peed herself three times, which wasn’t a lot in the grand scheme of things. Kitty couldn’t count the number of times that Meggan had flown into the lighthouse with her legs crossed tightly, so in need of relief that even her toes were scrunched up in desperation. Of course, at this moment Kitty’s thighs were locked together, and she was wiggling her own bare toes within her boots, trying to keep it all in.

All her squirming obviously alerted Meggan to the urgency of Kitty’s plight. “Nightcrawler?”

“No c’mon Meg don’t ‘s’ okay ‘m alright really…”

“Kitty has a rather urgent problem…” Meggan began.

“Send up a flare why don’tcha tell the whole flamin’ world!”

“Pit stop?” Nightcrawler asked.

“Why didn’t you…uh…before we left?” Captain Britain asked.

“I did—that was four hours ago!” Kitty had made sure to take a pee before they left the lighthouse.

“Well, couldn’t you…er…phase--??”

“Captain, that’s disgusting!” Yes, it was disgusting, but she had done it once. Their lighthouse had only one bathroom, and each of them in turn had danced outside of the bathroom door, hoping that they could hold it until whoever was in there got out.

Each of them had also in turn simply run or flown down to the rocks and squatted unseen. The problem was that since they were right there on the ocean, sometimes it was incredibly windy and rainy, and sitting out there to go pee (or…the other…she knew for a fact that Rachel had taken an urgent dump behind the rocks) was just absolutely out of the question. One morning, Kitty woke up with the previous night’s tea crying to get out. It was bad, almost as bad as how terribly she needed to relieve herself right now. She had looked outside, saw the driving rain, heard Meggan taking a shower, and Kitty had no choice. She ran downstairs in her long T-shirt, no panties, already a little damp. No one was down there, so she simply pulled up her shirt, squatted, and phased her pelvis out of the wall and immediately began peeing outside. The relief was almost orgasmic.

“Wouldn’t mind a break myself, actually," Captain Britain reasoned. “There—salvation—a ship!”

Indeed, below them was a tanker of sorts, plodding its way through the choppy waters. As they flew down, Kitty was red with embarrassment. They were stopping at this boat for the sole purpose of her peeing, and everyone knew it. She wanted to die. She wanted to kill them all. She wanted them to please, please, please hurry up before she burst. Kitty had already felt it—the ominous first trickle. A tiny spritz of urine had escaped her aching loins. She had a feeling that even if she wasn’t bundled up, it would not be visible, but very soon…Very soon, she would be a whole hell of a lot more embarrassed.

As they landed on the ship’s deck, Captain Britain said, “Beg pardon—in the neighborhood, just passing by—wondering if we might use your…ahem…facilities?”

The sailors were all men, a nice enough lot, dirty and in the midst of a lot of work. Kitty was scarlet with embarrassment and wouldn’t meet their eyes. Knowing that they all knew that she had to go to the bathroom was mortifying. Still, though, she was maybe, if she was lucky, a minute or two from completely soaking herself. Two more little spritzes had already released, and it was everything she could do not to cross her legs and dance around in little circles as one of the sailors pointed down some stairs and said, “Down the steps, Missy, third door on the right. Ain’t the fanciest, but it’ll get the job done.” If she had been given a little privacy, Kitty would have settled for a bowl in the corner, so great was her need.

And yet, hurdling down the stairs, her bladder sending very clear emergency signs, she still pulled up short when she saw the toilet. There was a crust of filth covering the entire toilet, the floor was covered in dark wetness…and the toilet was absolutely unflushed, perhaps for decades. She couldn’t hesitate, though. She was out of time. Kitty pushed her coat of the way and ripped her pants and underwear down. Already, the leakage was intensifying. No sooner was she hovering than she began peeing. So forceful was it that at first it shot straight out, over the rim of the toilet and onto the floor. Then, she was simply peeing, endless streams of urine rolling out of her. She peed for a full minute, the crushing pain in her abdomen subsiding. Her eyes rolled up in relief and she sighed. It felt soooo good. It was enough to dispel the feeling of disgust that she had for the toilet.

When the stream finally ended, then started again, and then was finally done, she noticed that there was predictably no toilet paper. At least she hadn’t had to poo. She wiggled a little and quickly surveyed the panty damage. Not too bad. There was a spot a little larger than a silver dollar in the crotch. She had made it. She pulled up her pants and left, still feeling embarrassed when she got back up to the deck—they still knew her plight—but knowing full well that having an accident in her pants while Meggan flew her through the air would have been mortifying.

After they thanked the sailors, and Captain Britain lifted her to fly away, he asked, “So…er…ah. Kitty…did you…ahem?”

“Don’t ask. Not now. Not ever.”

*002*2012-06-02 03:02

Thank you very much! I appreciate your kind words.

