Star Wars: Leia`s Ordeal

Author: Dragon

*000*2011-04-09 21:16

Authors Note-

Hello everyone this is a story I have been working on for a few weeks and although the build up is very slow and the story itself is very lengthy I hope you will still find it enjoyable. Please feel free to leave any suggestions as to what direction you would like to see the story go or any comments regarding how I should improve it. Thanks and enjoy.

Warnings: Wetting, Nudity

Chapter 1-

Nearly a year had passed since Cloud City, and Leia still felt trapped. Although she wasn't the one who had been imprisoned in a carbonite tomb, she often wished their positions had been reversed. She wished it was her that Vader chose to test in the carbon freeze chamber, and that Han would have been in her position. For if it were Han coming to the rescue, Leia knew that the scoundrel would conjure up some insane plan that no one in his right mind would attempt. And Han somehow would have pulled it off... as he always had.

Unfortunately, Leia didn't have the luxury of waiting to be rescued, for the prison which trapped her was one of her own guilt. Despite her every desire to rescue Han from Jabba in the last year, after having failed to stop Boba Fett on two occasions, other matters in the galaxy emerged of which took greater priority. Still an important figure within the Alliance, Leia knew that she couldn't just drop her responsibilities so she could rescue one man. Much more was at stake than one life, even if it were Han's.

But that did little to ease the pain in her heart. Leia couldn't remember the last time she had a restful sleep since that terrible day. His voice continued to echo in her mind. She could not escape that moment. Far from the uncaring smuggler she mistook him for on the Death Star, he turned out to be one of the most honorable people she would ever come to know. In its own way, that moment on Cloud City was the first time she felt a loss greater than of Alderaan.

And despite her best hope that time could ease that pain, the sight of Han's likeness etched upon his carbonite prison only seemed to torment her further... some wounds didn't heal with time. For Han wasn't dead, but Leia sometimes almost wished that he were... so that she could accept his loss and then move on. To lose Han in that manner was like having a knife embedded in her flesh and having to leave it alone until she knew it was safe to remove it. And despite her better judgment, Leia felt that she couldn't wait any longer. The plan was for her and Lando to wait for Luke before either of them acted, but Leia didn't know how else to keep her sanity while she stared an opportunity right in the eye. She was determined to save Han the first chance she got.

Leia knew that releasing him from the carbonite didn't follow the plan they all agreed to follow, but just being in Han's presence again seemed to overwhelm her mind. It became unbearable to just wait when she knew she could save him. So while everyone else slept, Leia graced the hallways of Jabba's palace.

Hidden behind the guise of the bounty hunter known as Boushh, She carefully navigated a clear path from an exit all the way back to the throne room. With each passing step, her anxiety and her excitement grew. Having found no guards standing between Han and his freedom, Leia entered the throne room. Carefully scanning the chamber, she wanted to confirm beyond any doubt that their path was clear before committing herself.

Suddenly she heard a loud clatter against the back of her helmet. To her shock and surprise, Leia realized she had run into a set of decorative chimes dangling from the ceiling. The helmet offered great visibility for the wearer in the low light and infrared spectrum, but its peripheral vision was horrible. She desperately extended her hand to grab hold of the pieces, as to stop them from rattling.

Having realized her own anxiety, Leia froze where she stood. Fearing that the noise she had created may have drawn unwanted attention, the young woman braced herself for whatever came next. If those chimes had alerted anyone in the palace... she heard nothing. Very gently and quietly, she sighed in relief, only to turn her focus upon the dreaded block of carbonite suspended on the far side of the chamber.

She took only the briefest of moments to acknowledge Han's presence, almost as if to silently tell him that she was there. Leia went for the control panel on the wall, lowering the block to the floor. When the carbonite prison hit the floor with a hard thud, it suddenly slammed into the wall with an even louder clash. Leia realized she had made a mistake, but had committed herself to saving Han. From the enhanced audio input of her helmet's ear piece, she heard commotion.

Although she couldn't make out exactly she stirred up in that moment, the sounds weren't much louder than a normal conversation. Leia almost believed she heard repressed voices, whispering, and shushing noises from just outside the chamber... but she was determined not to let this opportunity get passed her. If they were quick, both she and Han could escape before anyone realized what had happened.

Having been briefed by Lando on configuring the life support controls to bring the victim out of carbon freeze hibernation, Leia punched in the right keys and stepped away. She watched a screen which flashed red to indicate Han's heart rate... pulsing ever so slowly. Leia watched as Han's heart slowly came back to life, stimulated by the prison's life support system. Lando said that if the thawing process hadn't started within 30 seconds, that it would abort and put the victim back into hibernation.

Watching as the screen pulsed ever so slowly made Leia's heart ache. If Han's vitals couldn't be restored within 30 seconds... her anxiety grew with each passing second. If the life support couldn't restore Han, then the only chance of safely reviving Han would have meant getting him to a Republic hospital. And that would have taken days. She eagerly watched in the hope that his heart would start beating on its own.

After the seventh pulse, Leia saw only that green screen again. Just as she was about to close her eyes in despair, the screen turned red again, almost a full second before the last pulse. Her excitement only growing as the pulse rate steadily escalated, Leia sighed with great relief, for Han was soon to be free of the carbonite.

Once the computer determined his vitals were stable, everything after that happened automatically. Leia stepped back and watched as Han's figure began to turn red, a sign that the carbonite casing had begun breaking down. Leia suddenly began to fear, as the red glow became ever brighter to the eye, that the thawing process might inflict serious burns upon its victim. Leia feared that the Empire might not have considered the injuries of the thawing process, as they merely sought a means to freeze someone alive.

But as the red glow diminished, and the carbonite dissolved, there was Han... alive and well. As he seemingly jumped right at her, Leia caught him, lowering the Correllian smuggler to the floor. Although she had wanted to embrace him right there, Han actually proved so heavy that both he and Leia met with the floor. Sitting up, with most of Han's weight upon her legs, Leia held him in her arms at long last.

It didn't surprise her to find him shivering, as his body temperature remained far below normal. From his disorientation, Han wrestled to get away. Leia wanted to assure him not to panic, having forgotten to remove her helmet. "It's alright, Han. You're free of the carbonite. It's disorientation from hibernation sickness, it'll pass."

"I can't see." He expressed with great concern.

"Don't worry. Your eyesight will return within a few days." She told him.

"Where am I?"

"Jabba's palace." She answered.

With her head just behind Han's shoulder, his face rubbed up against the helmet. Unable to see, he instinctively extended his arm out in a vain attempt to identify his rescuer. Finding no one he recognized, Han naturally asked who it was.

Leia smiled from under the mask with great anticipation. With her right hand free, she grabbed the helmet and leaned her head forward, somewhat letting gravity do the work of slipping it off. Setting the mask on the floor right next to her, Leia realized that they were both free. Leaning her chin upon Han's shoulder, she answered gladly. "Someone who loves you."

"Leia!" he exclaimed, her voice like a glimmer of light at the end of a long tunnel. With her head so close to his, Han twisted himself around and shared a brief, but very intimate kiss.

Leia wished so much to savor his lips for longer, but Han was just as quick to break the kiss. Despite how she felt in that moment, the young princess accepted that it genuinely wasn't the best time for love. She had waited for almost a year... and could wait a little while longer. Leia quickly slid herself back and wrapped his arm over her opposite shoulder. "Come on; let's get you out of here."

Despite his weakened state, Han didn't need too much getting to his feet. It gave Leia something of a minor relief, as Han was too heavy to carry out all on her own. Unfortunately, just as Leia learned to smile again, her newfound pinnacle of joy quickly plunged into the most extreme depths of horror.

Freezing where they stood, Han and Leia only heard the sound of a deep, dreadful chuckle that echoed throughout the chamber. "What's that?" Han asked.

Bellowing another laugh, they both came to the unpleasant realization that it was Jabba's voice, although it came as a greater shock to Leia. Convinced there could have been no way for her to miss a one-ton slug, nor any of his palace guards, it truly came as an unwelcome surprise to discover a hidden door installed behind Jabba's throne.

Almost at the same time that the chamber lights came alive did a massive slab of stone slide open from behind the space where Jabba's throne resided. It was not long before at least a dozen palace guards poured in through the secret passage, preventing their escape. Only after Jabba's throne rolled in through the passage did Han turn to confront him... facing him as if he were able to see.

"Jabba, I had to say that I was surprised when I realized you still had a bounty on me. I recall that my debt to you had been dealt with in full. That's usually when you're supposed to call off a bounty, isn't it?" Han began, somewhat absent of any deserved anger towards Jabba.

Jabba snickered, seemingly proud of his terrible deeds. "Perhaps, but I'm not like most debtors, am I?"

Han didn't care so much whether the bounty on his head were fair or not; the last thing anyone in the galaxy wanted was to be left on bad terms with Jabba. "It doesn't have to go this way, Jabba. I'm still your best smuggler... even when I lost cargo; you got back everything in full from me. You have nothing to gain from this. If you still had a problem, we could have worked it out."

As Jabba began chortling at the Correllian smuggler's attempts at reason, his mind was already made up. "It's too late for that, Solo. Although you are a born smuggler, I'm afraid that both you and your companions have since interfered with my other affairs all too many times. I have a reputation to keep and it looks very bad for me if I were to just let you slide for it. Suddenly everyone else will be demanding much more than they deserve. My other clients will start thinking they're you... its business."

Han tried to confront Jabba more directly, but a pair of guards had held him back. "This is bad business, Jabba! Don't give me that!"

Laughing, Jabba simply instructed his guards to take Han away.

Despite being dragged away by two guards, Han desperately pealed to the only thing which Jabba seemed to care for... money. "Don't make another expensive mistake, Jabba! You know I'm good for it! You're throwing away a fortune here, don't be a fool!"

After having just gotten Han back, Leia watched again as another example of evil and villainy exacted his wrath upon the man she came to love. Although he had been taken away, she had every expectation to see him again. For Han had many friends, one of whom was a Jedi. And although she had failed to free him, she knew their rescue operation was far from over.

Unfortunately, that did very little to comfort Leia in that moment. She had anticipated that she'd be in Han's arms that very night, but all that had been deprived in an instant. Of all the thoughts racing through her mind in that moment, perhaps the one which affected her the most was a sense of disappointment. Leia had gotten so far ahead of herself that she let her personal feelings get in the way of her judgment. And rather than wait another day or two as one of Jabba's guests, she would have instead spent that time in a dungeon. And having lost her cover as one of Jabba's favored bounty hunters, Leia had gone from being an asset to a liability.

But Leia didn't have much time to think about Han, nor even the next stage of their rescue mission. To her confusion, only Han was ordered to the dungeon. Leia turned her head around and wondered why she wasn't to accompany him. Jabba gestured to his guards and ordered them to bring her to him.

With two guards forcing her forward, Leia certainly didn't expect to be lifted onto the throne in front of the Hutt. As the guards gave her to Jabba, she quickly realized that she wasn't destined for a prison cell. A part of her knew it was futile, but Leia denounced him. "We have powerful friends. You will regret this."

Almost amused by her threat, Jabba just took her upon his throne and returned her warning with a sardonic reply. "I'm sure."

It was then that Leia realized that nothing she could do or say would have any impact on Jabba. He clearly underestimated Luke's Jedi abilities; otherwise he might have headed her warning. Leia wished she could take comfort in knowing that Luke would soon be there to save them, but after having a slimy tongue brushed against her face, Leia shuddered convulsively. She really REALLY would have preferred that Jabba hadn't called her bluff.

C-3PO may only have been a droid, but even he could appreciate Leia's feelings in that moment. "Oh... I can't bear to watch." Although he didn't feel emotion like an organic being, he knew that what Jabba intended to do would only hurt Leia.

If the interest of the Hutt wasn't bad enough, Leia heard a small, sadistic laugh from a creature that Jabba kept on his throne beside him. The Kowakian monkey-lizard known as Salacious Crumb was little more than a pet that Jabba kept for the sole purpose of amusing himself at least once a day. Much like his master, Crumb had a sadistic sense of humor when it came to the suffering of others.

Leia soon came to regret what she had done. If she had simply laid low and waited for Luke to arrive... but that was a mistake she couldn't take back. And she came to accept she had no means to escape the consequences that were soon to follow. What she dreaded most was facing the realization that her problems had only just begun.

*001*2011-04-09 21:32

Chapter 2

Jabba was renowned for hosting some of the liveliest parties in the galaxy. Often he'd just randomly throw one together because there hadn't been a reason to celebrate in a long while. He made reasons to celebrate, to gather his friends, and to show off his power. Although many of his guests were already asleep after celebrating that previous night, Jabba demanded everyone in the palace be awoken and invited to his throne room for a special event.

As the minutes went by, Leia could only watch as events unfolded before her. Having been put aside and ignored for the time being, Leia knew that Jabba was planning something very special for her. What Jabba called special usually turned out to be something of the most dreadful nature to others. Leia knew exactly what was going to come, and she braced herself for it. But she hated the waiting even more.

After taking a moment to examine his new pet, Jabba found it difficult to get a full appreciation for Leia under that suit of armor. "I must admit you had a good disguise... would've fooled even me. But you didn't cover your tracks too well, princess. Now that everyone knows, you might as well remove that ridiculous disguise now. Why don't you let everyone see who you really are?"

Bib Fortuna tapped Jabba on the shoulder. "Master, shall I have her fitted with more... proper attire?"

Before he could answer, Salacious Crumb started screeching in his native language. Between Bib and Salacious, Jabba twisted his head to address Salacious. Crawling up the body of the great Hutt, the little creature took a position near Jabba's ear and whispered his suggestion.

Leia couldn't make out anything the creature said, but they both started arguing over what to do with her. It seemed that Jabba wasn't all too interested in the idea, but then started chuckling. When Salacious looked at her, he laughed devilishly with anticipation.

Jabba gave Leia another malicious look and then rubbed the side of her face, as if to comfort her. She shrugged it off, but Jabba twisted her around and sat her upon the cushion that had once belonged to Oola. Rubbing her shoulders as if to prominently show off his newest possession, Jabba finally answered Fortuna's question. "That won't be necessary, Bib. I have something better in mind for the princess, and I happen to be in the mood to celebrate. I would like for you to have all my guests in the palace awoken. Let them know that we'll be hosting another party... right now. Tell everyone that I'm personally extending an invitation and expect them to come. Those that miss this will be in for a great disappointment. For everyone here... this is cause for celebration, so celebrate!"

Only after Jabba made such an announcement did many in the chamber break out cheering... although most had no idea what exactly the Great Jabba had been planning for them.

Leia found herself on the verge of tears, but realized that she had too much integrity to just break down in despair. The act which lead to her capture was a mistake, but the young woman was determined to keep her mind on the task at hand. Han was still a prisoner and in need of rescue. Unfortunately so was she, but despite what had just happened, Leia was determined not to give up until both she and Han were in each other's arms.

Although her situation changed drastically, she was still an important part of the mission. It did give her some small measure of comfort to know Han was safe, at least for the moment. And for what little time they had together, at least it was enough that Han knew she hadn't given up on him... somewhat alleviating the guilt she felt.

As Jabba released her, he gestured his closest two guards to take Leia into the center of the room. For some strange reason, she actually felt quite confident in herself. After having withstood dozens of interrogation sessions with Darth Vader himself, she had no doubt that Jabba couldn't be any worse. And unlike her time on the Death Star, she wouldn't endure the ordeal alone.

The guard on her right side just happened to be Lando. Upon seeing that familiar glint in his eyes, she somehow managed a smile. Even in the most dreadful of moments, just having a friend nearby... made it much easier to endure. The most that Lando could do was give her a friendly nod, as he couldn't risk exposing himself as well. As long as they had at least one person on the inside, Leia felt they still stood a good chance for rescuing Han.

Once Leia had been moved to the center of the floor, Jabba laughed sadistically and then announced his orders so that his gathering audience could watch. "Guards, remove that silly disguise. I want to see my new servant for all her beauty."

Everyone else in the throne room roared in approval, save two. Leia, for obvious reasons. Lando also couldn't say he was fond of the situation. As any human male might have, he certainly was interested in seeing Leia without clothes, but certainly not like that. Some thoughts were best left to the imagination.

She and Lando briefly looked at one another, both equally uncomfortable with what they had to do. Leia originally figured that Lando was the kind who'd have been all too happy to oblige, but she then saw a look in his eyes that was completely absent of any enthusiasm. As the Gamorrean on the left began by removing the shoulder strap, pulling it over her head, Lando hesitated. Leia looked at him and nodded, silently giving him permission to proceed. Actually the movement of her head was more like trembling than actual nodding, but Lando saw she wanted him to follow through with Jabba's order.

A more primordial part of him might have admitted that his heart pounded with anticipation, maybe even that those were the best damned orders he'd ever received. However Leia was a friend and the last thing he would have wanted was to violate a friend. That certainly sapped all the pleasure from it.

The bounty hunter disguise Leia wore consisted of an outer layer of thick armor protecting her chest underlined with a kevlar jacket. The metal backpack and the armor plates made up one piece that rested upon her shoulders. That was removed first and tossed to the floor. The jacket soon followed.

Although Leia appeared to have a very delicate figure, even with armor, its removal gave a much clearer indication of how slender she really was. Although still fully clothed, Leia's ears echoed the growing approval of the spectators who came to watch as she was stripped of her garb. Her torment grew with each layer they removed. She wondered how such people could take great joy at her expense. Leia almost hated them almost as much as she hated Jabba.

When the other guard sought to remove the final layer of her garment, he was far from gentle. She resisted the Gamorrean and pulled herself away. "Back off!" Leia screamed, delivering a powerful blow to the Gamorrean's snout.

To her surprise, the guard didn't squeal in pain, as she had hoped. It was as if her fist didn't even hurt him, but it certainly made him angry. He went at her again, aggressively ripping away at her garb.

Leia screamed and drew back again, this time tripping and landing on her butt just in front of Jabba's throne. From the commotion, Leia didn't realize that her rebellious attitude only proved all the much more amusing to Jabba. He had been laughing with that guttural voice she really started to detest.

When he came at her again, Lando, determined to protect Leia, threw himself in front of the charging Gamorrean. And although he easily overpowered Lando, it was Jabba's hand that halted him. The room soon fell silent, broken only by the high-pitched laughter of Salacious.

Jabba addressed his Gamorrean servant. "Now now, I don't want my property harmed... unless I'm the one to order it." Leaning as far forward as the Hutt could, Jabba had extended one of his short, stubby arms in a vain effort to reach Leia, who sat just beyond his reach on the floor. Frustrated that he couldn't grab her, Jabba sat himself back up and simply ordered Leia to stand before him.

With her shirt torn across the midriff, Leia held it together as she stood up and faced Jabba again. Swallowing her pride, Leia just did as the Hutt demanded.

"My my, you are a feisty one." Jabba seemed quite fond of his new possession, as he often enjoyed breaking new slaves. He certainly had higher expectations of Leia than he did from his previous slave girl, Oola. He also liked demonstrating his ability to control people, especially in coercing powerful individuals like Leia and treating them as he would a common slave. "If you should feel more inclined to obey my orders, then you may do it yourself. It's your choice, but those robes are to be removed... now."

As Leia looked behind her, she realized that it was all about public humiliation. Jabba simply wanted to put on a show of his authority in front of his guests, which was what Leia had to do. Terrible as it sounded, Leia reluctantly accepted that he was in control... at least for the time being. And it wasn't like she really had a choice.

Starting again with her belt, the gesture brought much excitement and cheer from the guests who'd gathered to see Jabba's new pet.

Reluctantly, she continued by slipping off her boots and trousers. It was then that she twisted her head around and looked back at the audience, whose cheers and applause actually died down as more of her became visible. It was then that she noticed that many of them weren't human. Apparently many didn't find alien species especially alluring. She didn't know it at the time, but the majority of them were applauding more for Jabba than for Leia. Somehow both his guards and guests held great reverence towards people who possessed the power to control others through fear.

Watching Lando as he refused to take any pleasure in her humiliation, it gave Leia some small comfort to know at least one other person took no joy from her torment. Actually Lando was rather excited at what he saw, somewhat ashamed for taking any level of pleasure from such a sick display by Jabba. Lando most certainly wished Leia were somewhere else, but it didn't stop him from staring. It wasn't like he would pass up a chance when it presented itself... of course he displayed no satisfaction of any kind to Leia.

Having removed the tattered remains of her shirt, she was down only to her underwear. Obviously they had to go as well, but Leia needed a moment to prepare herself emotionally for facing Jabba in that condition. When he made a hand gesture, it wasn't hard to figure out what he wanted.

She just sighed and then unfastened the straps to her bra. It enticed Jabba to watch it fall to the floor, her panties following in short order. Brushing them aside with her foot, Leia gave Jabba a sour look and placed her hands upon her hips.

Although completely naked, Leia didn't attempt to cover herself. She didn't want to give Jabba the sense that he had humiliated her. Although that was far from true, Leia maintained her dignity and allowed Jabba to gaze upon her. Only her body was left fully exposed, but she wouldn't let him see her mind as well. Leia displayed nothing to indicate her embarrassment.

From the sound of Jabba's chuckling, he seemed quite satisfied with his new possession. "What a lovely human you are, my dear. You've exceeded my expectations... that's not easy." He waved his hand and barked out another order. "Now why don't you turn yourself around and allow my guests to have a look at you?"

Rolling her eyes at him, Leia dropped her arms to her sides, rotated a hundred and eighty degrees, and her heart sank when she realized that she stood fully exposed before so many people. She subtly positioned her hands in front, just enough to conceal her crotch without making the gesture too overt.

Lando probably felt more awkward than Leia, but certainly didn't pass up the chance to satisfy his curiosity. Seeing her like that... he hated himself for taking such a perverted pleasure, yet couldn't withdraw his eyes from something so beautiful. Leia certainly turned out to be everything he'd imagined.

Everyone else roared their approval, but just as quickly fell silent as Jabba raised his palm. Just the movement of his hands seemed as commanding as his voice. "My friends, I would like you to welcome Princess Leia Organa. Daughter of former Republic Senator, Bail Organa of Alderaan. Heir to the once-proud Ancient House of Organa. Sole survivor of that house. Renowned leader of the Alliance to Restore the Republic. Rebel. Traitor to the Empire..."

As Jabba kept listing the deeds she was known for, Leia twisted her head around, realizing that Jabba had known about her since she first entered his palace. It allowed her some little comfort, knowing her sad attempt to free Han hadn't cost their mission. Unfortunately it also meant they grossly underestimated Jabba's resources.

Her eyes on him, Jabba extended his arm and gestured Leia back to the throne.

"Unfortunate that she destroyed my favorite decoration, I've decided to replace Captain Solo with someone better." He patted his hand upon the empty cushion in front, gesturing Leia to sit on it.

Again, Leia reluctantly obeyed, climbing onto the throne, and perching herself upon the cushion. Not even allowed a moment to sit up straight, Jabba grabbed the poor soul and pulled her against his soft body. She struggled to escape his grasp, but even Jabba's feeble arms were strong enough to keep Leia firmly pinned where he wanted her.

Cuddling her, placing his hand to rub the underside of her neck, Jabba nestled her in his arms. "I will give the princess a great honor. Since poor Oola had to be put down, I've been in need of a new personal servant. Twi'leks make great dancers, but I'm not looking for another dancer. I want a princess, and one just so happened to stumble into my little trap. I've arranged a celebration for this event, in honor of my new servant. Royalty certainly deserves a momentous ceremony... and I intend to celebrate all night." He then pointed to his musical group, who had since been setting up their instruments. "Start the music! Something exciting! Bartenders, break out the drinks! I don't want anyone in this palace to miss this occasion!"

It was only then that Jabba finally released Leia of his slimy clutches. The young woman just sat in horror as deafening applause overwhelmed her senses. It got even worse when Salacious crept up from behind and latched onto her hair. Leia twisted her head around and brushed the obnoxious little creature away. He withdrew and got just beyond Leia's reach. "If you ever touch me again, you little gargoyle...!"

As Leia extended herself in an effort to strangle Salacious, Jabba grabbed her to keep both his pets apart. As the monkey-lizard started laughing again, Jabba used his tail to whip Salacious off of the throne. Plopping onto the floor, Salacious began protesting. It was then that Jabba made it explicitly clear to him that he wasn't to touch Leia again... not without explicit permission.

Salacious responded, but Leia again couldn't make out his language. When Jabba answered, she got some sense as to how her life was going to be from then on. "Yes, but this one is special. And your typical behavior won't be likely to provide any amusement with her. Besides, I have my own ways of harassing the princess, as you shall see."

Curling herself into a ball, Leia brought her knees up to cover her breasts and wrapped her arms around her legs desperate to block everything out. It was this moment as Salacious laughed again and climbed back onto the throne, right when she thought things couldn’t get any worse that she felt the first signs of nature calling. She started imagining the terrible existence she might have been doomed to live for the rest of her life. From her convulsive shaking and the tears in her eyes, there was little doubt she ever had a more humiliating moment in her life as she sat there curled up naked trying to ignore the steady urges from her filling bladder.

