Another Note, Redux

Author: AuthorFaust

*011*2014-06-23 04:23

[Chapter 4: Testing Wills]

Faust's hand quietly took the pen, trying to avert his gaze from the otherworldly woman's undergarments. He wanted to outright deny her, to act like the bigger man. However....

"Just...One?" he asked again, glancing down at the paper, and the pen. The material had a strange texture to it, and the pen gave him an otherworldly chill to grasp. Saril smirked, shaking her hips provacatively as she stretched up from the sink.

"Just one." she cooed, floating to where his eyes moved, giving him a flash of her black, lacey undergarments again. "And You can have these garments of mine..All soaked like you like em."

Faust bit his lip lightly at this, closing his eyes to think for a few moments, before a thought occurred to him.

"Not here." he sounded, quietly.

"Ah?" The Goddess sounded, raising an eyebrow at his partial denial.

"Not here...I don't want you to soak them here." Faust clarified. "I'd have a hard time explaining where I got a mysterious pair of pissed-in panties. Is that acceptable?"

Saril paused at this, before closing her eyes, and pulling her skirt back down to cover herself.

"I had a feeling you'd be smarter than the others." she called, floating back behind him. "I agree to these terms...and I'll give you a little hint, since you've already proven yourself deserving."

Faust smiled lightly at this, a little pleased at the praise from the ethereal being. He laid the pen on his hands as she mentioned a little hint.

"I'm listening." He sounded, as the woman leaned in close to drop her voice to a whisper.

"Whatever you write, will become reality." she whispered, softly. "If you just write the girl's name, she'll piss herself after forty seconds. No muss, no fuss. But if you write something more elaborate, Well...."

Faust paused at this, flushing at the thought. There was only one girl whose name he was sure of, and the thought of making her soak herself....

It excited him, but the thought of her having to hobble off to the nurse's office with wet panties and a skirt...It made him feel a bit bad.

"Whatever I write, will become reality?" he mused, pressing the tip of the pen to the paper. "So, if I write her..."

"You could write her sitting on your lap, and wetting all over it." Saril interjected, grinning at his inevitable blush. "She'd do it..And her own body would rationalize it, however it could. You can make her do...Anything. You. Desire...."

Faust's mind began to wander again, before he took a deep breath.

"Alright..." he called, as his hand started to write at the paper. "I'll..write it. I'll..Tell you when I want..that other thing."

Saril giggled, as she moved back behind him, peering over his shoulder as he wrote.

Yuno Gasai: Feels her urge after returning to class. Throughout the school day, she finds herself unable to get to a bathroom, no matter how hard she tries. Before she can think about getting on the Bus home, she runs off to find a quiet place to pee.

"Oh my..." Saril cooed, grinning. "Quite an intricate session, for a first time."

"H..hey!" he called, pulling the paper to his chest. "L..let me write in peace." As he tried to cover it however, he was suddenly reminded that he had someone waiting for him, outside of the bathroom.

"Faust? Are you okay in there?" Yuno's sweet voice called out. "Faust's been in there for a long time. Does he need Yuno to come in there?"

Faust quickly shoved the paper into his shirt at this, and darted towards the door, sticking his hand out to quickly grasp the door.

"No, No!....S..Sorry." He snapped, before apologizing as he saw the pink haired girl's worried expression. Thankfully, her worry seemed short lived, as it quickly melted to an easy smile, followed by a giggle.

"S'okay." She called, grabbing onto his arm. "Yuno was just a little worried, is all. Faust is very, very important to her, and if something strange or bad would have happened to him..."

Faust felt a quick pang of guilt for thinking of her as he had a few minutes ago, the paper in his shirt feeling heavy. It was likely some kind of elaborate hoax. It was harmless to have those kind of feelings.....Right?

However, as they passed into classroom, he felt the slightest of flinches from her arm. His gaze turned to see her mouthing something quietly to herself, prompting him to prod around a bit.

"Are you okay, Yuno?" he asked, his heart starting to pound a bit. Maybe there was something to the Note, after all?

"Yuno's..Yuno's fine!" she quickly piped up, a light flush across her cheeks. "Yuno just..doesn't want to go back to class, is all. Next class is so boring..."

Faust smiled lightly, as they walked through the door, squeezing her arm lightly.

"Well, you sit next to me, at least." he called, as they moved over. "That's a positive, right?"

"Yup!" Yuno called, as they settled down into their seats.

As class resumed, Faust himself kept stealing glances at the girl beside him. Math class had been long normally, but with the girl lightly shifting every few minutes, it seemed like it was ending all too soon. As the bell for the end of class rang, Yuno sprang from her seat.

"F..Faust.." She started lightly, pressing her fingers together. "Yuno needs to.. go powder her nose really quick."

"She's lying, naturally." Saril's voice called, matter-of-factly like honey. "But, I don't need to tell you that, now do I?"

Faust didn't need her to point that out to him, but rather than show any tells of answering her, he figured he'd try something he'd seen before.

"Ah, but I think you look fine as it is." he mused, innocently. "And I think your nose looks good as it is."

The pink haired girl paused at this, blushing. Whether it was from the compliment, or from his feigned innocence in regards to what she meant. He held his breath as the girl stood for a bit, before sitting back down in her seat.

"If Faust says so, then Yuno'll be fine." she responded in a pleased tone, leaning her head on his shoulder. "Yuno dislikes Math..And it wore her out today."

Faust smiled lightly, moving his hand around to squeeze her side gently, his eyes watching her legs lightly tense up.

"I'll help you after school." He assured her, gently rubbing her sides. She gently nuzzled against him for a bit, as time slowly passed. The bell sounded again, ending their relaxing break in a flash, and starting to pile up the work on them anew. Faust's eyes kept glancing to the girl next to him, her hands lightly trembling as class went on. He felt his heart starting to pick up the pace again, before the unthinkable happened.

"M..Miss Emil!" Yuno's voice called, as she lifted up her hand. "Yuno...Needs to visit the bathroom."

Faust felt his face flush a bit at how direct she had been, his eyes glancing down her side. Yuno had crossed her legs over one another, and she seemed to be biting her lower lip. While one of her hands was lifted in the air, the other trembled on the desk, giving Faust no alternatives to what she needed. Her eyes seemed to be deliberately avoiding his, as their red haired teacher turned around at this.

"Miss Gasai, there's only five minutes left in school today." the teacher stated, sternly. "Surely, you can wait for that long.."

"Yuno..Really needs the restroom!" the girl pleaded, her hands having pressed to her skirt openly. "P..Please, Miss Emil! Yuno doesn't want to....to.."

"A..Alright already." The teacher replied averted her gaze at this, and gesturing at the door. "Go, Go! And don't forget tonight's assignment!"

Faust politely stared at the chalkboard at this, while Yuno quickly gathered her things and hobbled out of class. It was truly a lovely sight for him to behold, and add to the day's count of lewd instances. Though, even if he'd managed to get her to hold off as long as she did, it wasn't quite what he wrote in the book yet. He started to pack away his things after some mild resignation, the teacher reminding everyone of their assignment. Saril seemed to be stifling some giggles at this as the bell rang, clearly enjoying the show.

"Well, that was interesting.." he called to himself as he rounded the corner to the nearby bathrooms, expecting to see the pink haired girl waiting on him, lightly red. However, as he looked up, he was greeted with something that quickly dissuaded that expectation.

Out of Order

His heart skipped a beat at this, glancing against the fierce wave of students daring to escape from their scholastic prison, and up towards the other bathrooms. He could barely make out a pink head of hair ducking into the bathrooms from afar, and as such, he quickly started to make his way towards them. He could almost picture the girl staggering in, barely able to hold all of her things straight as she moved into a stall. Her shaking hands would likely make it difficult, and if she wasn't careful about how she handled it, things would end up quite damp, quite quick.

Not like I expected the note to actually work, though. he thought as she shook his head, the line starting to thin out from the bathrooms enough for him to make his way. I wrote her finding a quiet place, but I suppose if I wanted something specific I could have...

Suddenly, before he could call out to let her know he was there, the shade of pink exited the stall, a small, tensed frown of anguish present on her face.

"Y..Yu.." he started, as she practically buried one of her hands in her skirt, gripping it tightly. Before he could move to her side to ask her why she hadn't gone, the ethereal Goddess quickly shoved him to the side, and pressed a slender finger to his lips.

"Quiet." Saril stated, gesturing around the corner to show Yuno starting out of one of the side doors of the school. "Show's about to start."

Faust flushed at this, his mind starting to race, as Yuno pushed her way out of the door with her shoulder, hand still buried in her skirt. Faust waited for a few moments for the crowd to thin out, before darting as well, quietly nudging the door.

"Ohhhh...Ohhhhh....Ohh.." He heard coming from outside, as he risked a peek through it. He saw the girl moving over beside one of the high bushes of the school. "Ohhhh...Yu...Yun...Yuno can't hold herself any longer.."

A..Ah? Is it really... he thought, feeling his face light up anew.

"Y...Yuno needs to.....Yuno's going to piddle in her panties if she doesn't go r...Right now..."

He could feel his pulse racing, as he peered around, seeing her fumble about with her bag.

"Ohhh..but Yuno's things..." she whimpered, softly. "Yuno can't hold her things, and her pee.....Yuno almost wishes Faust were here...So she could...Could.....Ah!"

A quick gasp was enough to make Faust's expression turn beet red, as the girl started to fumble with her bag, her things falling on the grass.

"Yu..Yuno can worry about that in a bit!" He heard her cry out to herself, as her hands slid to her skirt. "Yuno's peeing right now, whether she wants to, or not!"

If Faust could get any redder, he would have at that comment, his own lewd thoughts quickly drowned out by what sounded like a sink turned on full blast. A loud, relieved moan followed soon after, as he dared to push the door open a little more.

"Ohhhh...Yuno's f...feeling....." the girl cooed as Faust peeked around, seeing the smooth, bare bottom of the pink haired girl, along with a certain, polka dot material just under her thighs. He could make out a spot where it was darker than the rest, and as the clear stream continued to gush from between her legs, he could feel his body tense up.

"I...It works." he called quietly to himself, as he felt himself staring at the prone, peeing girl. It had been just as he'd written. She'd held it through classes, she'd found a quiet place to go, and there she was, peeing in front of him. "It..actually works."

The Goddess giggled at this, apparently enjoying the show of the boy watching the girl. However, a devious look crossed her lips at this, her hands moving up to the door. Despite Faust having been barely leaning against the door to peer out, it suddenly seemed to offer very little resistance to him, causing it to slam open against the outside wall, and force the pink haired girl to flinch and turn in a reflexive motion

"W..Who's there?!" Yuno's voice called quickly in a panic, her hands moving to cover her exposed areas.."D..Don't Look at Y.Yuno!"

Ohhhhh....Shit. Faust thought, as he laid on the ground, too embarrassed and worried to get up right away, to find out what caused his untimely, ungraceful fall. I'm screwed...

[Chapter 4: A Test of Limits, End]

*018*2014-07-07 04:49

[Chapter 5: Exercising Control]

Even with his face in the dirt, Faust could hear Yuno's soft whimpers, and her sputtering stream. His face had been glowing bright red, as he heard her continue.

"A..Awuuuu....Yuno can't stop..." Yuno's voice whimpered out, every attempt at containing herself having been thwarted by her body. Faust hazarded a sideways glance at this, watching the pink haired girl rise and fall with each step, exposing her gushing stream and shapely rump to him again. The girl's eyes wandered back at this once more in a hasty, panicked motion. However, as her eyes got a better look at him, he could feel his heart sinking as a look of recognition came across her face.

'Well, if I'm going to die anyways...' Faust thought lightly in a snark, starting to push himself up. Better that she knew it was him, and not someone else that had stumbled upon him

"S..Sorr.."

"K..Kyaaaaaaaah!" Yuno yelled out, before her hands hooked at her polka dot panties, starting to hastily tug them up, despite her gushing stream. "D...Don't look at Yu..Yuno, F.Faust!"

Despite her protests, Faust couldn't turn his gaze away from the pink haired girl, watching as her polka dot panties were quickly darkened with a clear stream. Even after her skirt fell back down to cover herself, (Which darkened in a flash, for it's efforts) he could see her pee glistening down her thighs, and splashing all over her legs. By the time he'd been able to form coherent thoughts again, she had scampered out of his view, and out of sight.

"Well...That went better than expected." Saril's voice sounded, with a light chuckle as she floated back into his peripheral vision. "Was it everything you ever hoped for, and then some?"

"N..No." Faust retorted quickly, trying to banish the blush from his face, and the image from his thoughts. "It....It wasn't." A quick chuckle escaped the Goddesses lips, as she floated back in front of him.

"Oh? Not lewd enough for you?" Saril inquired as she bent over, reminding Faust just how shapely her figure was. "But it looks like you were...Quite pleased with that."

"H..Hey! Where are you looking?!" Faust snapped at this, quickly turning and darting past her. A few bemused giggles told him all he needed to know about her opinions on what happened, though he was thankful she didn't press on the matter.

'So...now what am I gonna do?' he thought, sighing loudly to himself.

The boy made his way around the building and towards the buses, feeling a pit in his stomach. He may have enjoyed the scene before, but he did not want to face Yuno so soon afterwards.

"She probably doesn't want to see me anymore.." he mused to himself, glancing around the bus. However, he was surprised to see....

"Oh, the darling's not here." Saril's voice pointed out, reinforcing what he already believed was the case.

'Yuno isn't here after all..' he thought, feeling a pang of guilt once more. However, before he could get too lost in his angst, he felt his phone buzzing. He went to check his phone immediately, before feeling the eyes of the Bus Driver leering at him lightly as he stopped.

"R..Right." He called, suddenly remembering he was holding up the other students. "S..Sorry."

He then quickly started down the bus to an empty seat, and dove his hands into his pockets. He flipped out his phone at this, and let his eyes dart to the screen.

You have 1 New Message.

As he pressed the button on his phone to reveal it however, another figure slid into the seat next to him. A girl with dark green hair tied in a ponytail, and emerald eyes that shone brightly in the lighting. A small polite smile could be seen on her face, as she looked at him.

"Sorry....Is it okay if I sit with you?" the girl asked sweetly, still holding her things in front of her as she stood. Faust quickly patted the seat, and returned her smile.

"Sure, go ahead." he answered, the girl smiling a bit wider as she plopped down on the seat.

"Thank you." the girl called, letting her things rest in her lap. Even if Faust's eyes moved towards the window, he couldn't shake the uneasy feeling in his stomach.

'Bus hasn't even started moving and I already feel sick....' he thought, before glancing down at the phone he'd closed hastily in reflex from the girl joining him. He hesitated a bit, before flipping it open, and going to his messages.

From: Yuno

Yuno is sorry about earlier...Yuno isn't going to be riding the bus today. Yuno will see you tomorrow...

And please don't think any less of Her after....that.

"Oh, that's a relief." Saril called, positioning herself on top of the seat in front of Faust, and giving him an eyeful of her long black stockings, covering the majority of her ivory skin, and the same pair of black lacey panties he'd seen before. Faust averted his gaze once more outside of the window, trying to calm his blush.

It really is though.. he thought, feeling a weight lift off of his shoulders. He really shouldn't have worried about something like that shying her away forever, but he couldn't help but worry.

"S..So...What did you think of Math today?" the girl that he was sitting with asked, clearly trying to break the air of silence between them. Faust turned his head to look at her again, the same pleasant smile on her face as when she asked to sit with him.

"It wasn't so bad." He answered lightly, keeping his gaze from diverting towards the Goddess floating above them.

"I've never really had trouble understanding the FOIL method, but I suppose.."

"Ah, First, Outer, Inner Last." the girl interjected. "I've never really had trouble with math myself. I just...Oh...I'm sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt you."

Faust raised an eyebrow at this, the girl seeming to be practically bursting at the seams to talk. He quietly waved his hand, and closed his eyes as the bus started up, the doors closing.

"It's not a problem. Don't worry about it too much...." he assured, letting the conversation trail off, as an invitation.

"Wynn." The girl answered, picking up on the cue immediately. "Wynn Tatsumaki. I'm in class with you and Yuno."

"Oh?" Faust sounded lightly, as he returned her smile. "I'm Faustus Necromonium....Faust, personally."

The silver haired Goddess grinned slightly at this, her same mischievous smirk forming on her face again. Faust had to hide his uneasiness at this, before brushing his hair with his hand slightly. "Nice to meet you, Wynn."

"L..Likewise!" the girl called with a smile, as the bus continued to move along.

The two had a bit of healthy conversation about class in general, and before too long, he was at an all too familiar stop.

"Ah, this is my stop." Faust called to Wynn, gathering his things as Saril floated a bit ahead of him. The girl nodded at this, before standing up with her things.

"A..Ah, okay." Wynn answered, moving out of the way for Faust to get out of the seat, waving slightly. "It...It's been great talking to you, Faust."

"Likewise, Wynn!" Faust replied, as he strode out of the bus with his things in tow. As he started along the path home alone, Saril floated up beside him.

"Mmm..You're quite knowledgeable about Formulas, and equations." she commented, the same devilish grin on her face. "I can think of a few that you'd be interested in..."

"Not right now." Faust stated flatly, as he reach into his bag. He'd been having a pleasant time speaking with the new girl, but with the knowledge of what had happened earlier in the day, he couldn't quite relax. His hands pulled out the ominous black notebook at this, and glanced at a nearby gutter.

"Are you really going to do that?" The Goddess called, cutting off his train of thought. "Are you willing to give up such a power? Such an opportunity? To give up our little deal, from earlier?"

Faust winced at this, averting his gaze from the woman. True, he had used the Note on Yuno, and it had worked better than he could ever have imagined...but....

"I....I don't know." He answered, glancing to the side. "I'm guessing..If I toss this, someone else'll just pick it up?"

"And they'll get that power...Those opportunities...And Me." Saril called bluntly. "And, I have no objection to that. I'm not here to force anything..I'm just here to enjoy the show, and...stir the pot every now and again."

Faust hesitated at this, before sliding the book back into his bag and moving along.

If nothing else...If I hold onto it, no one else can get it. he thought, before eventually coming up on his apartment, and starting up the stairs. The very same ones he and Yuno'd walked up and down so many times...

"I'm getting a bit sentimental, all of the sudden." he stated to himself, before pushing open the door and tossing his things aside on the couch. As he flipped open his phone to re-read the message Yuno sent him (and type an apology), the Goddess floated up beside him once more.

"Going to have a busy night?" the woman called with her same, sultry tone as always, always sounding like it was peppered with a second meaning. Faust couldn't help but feel uneasy whenever she spoke like that..And as such, closed his phone without responding.

"Not really. Only a few assignments." He started, relaxing in his chair for a bit to prepare himself with the busy work he'd need to get his mind off of the day.. "And since I'm so good with Equations and formulas.."

Saril gave a small smirk at his sarcasm but fell silent at this. He could only hope she had to give him a rare moment of peace in between what was likely to be several lewd, vulgar, and other teasing plans.

Time passed, and Faust eventually finished his assignments, letting out a long pent up sigh.

"Well, that's everything I needed to cover today." he stated to what normally was himself, before he was reminded that he had a rather persistent house guest.

"What about your reward for using the note?" Saril called, starting to pull up at her tight skirt. "Now that you're at home, all alone with no one to question your activities or goods.....Surely you don't have any objections to me being a woman of my word?"

A quick flash of lace prompted yet another blush from Faust, before he stood back up, and grabbed his bag again, putting away his books hastily. As he was nervously attempting to avert his gaze, the woman let out a pleased, if mischievous laugh.

"For a boy with such lewd desires, you're cutely shy." she teased, running her hands along her sides. "Or maybe...You want something more prominent than just a quick soaking?"

An uncomfortable silence filled the air, as Faust's gaze averted once more. He muttered out something quietly, as the Goddess grinned wider. "Ohhhh, I think that can be arranged...If you're willing to write in the note...One..More..Time."

Faust paused a bit at this, wrestling with his own inner thoughts. Though the idea of writing in the note seemed harmless enough...He couldn't help but still wonder that it was all some kind of practical joke. She'd handed him a random sheet of paper in the school, after all. Would the notebook be the real thing, or was it just a trap? He closed his eyes, as the Goddess cleared her throat.

"I...don't have anything to lose, I suppose." he stated quietly. Worst came worse, he could probably dispose of the sheet he'd wrote on. It was at this he was reminded of the paper he hid in his shirt, and he quickly pulled it out, reading over it once more. Saril merely floated behind him once more, providing him with a pen once more.

"Write just one more scenario for me..." she cooed, lowering her voice to a whisper. "And...I'll let you decide exactly How I soak these. Wetting a bed like a human girl? Holding it all day and losing it on the side of a street corner? Drinking your human beverages until I pop...The choice is yours."

Her words were like honey in his ears, despite the obvious risks that came with these kind of offers. He took the pen quietly and looked as if he would start writing on the paper again, before setting it on the corner of the desk.

"Alright...." he answered quietly, before reaching into his bag to pull out the black notebook he'd found this morning. "But, I should probably use this...Wet Note for it's intended purpose, now shouldn't I?" The words made him blush slightly as he recounted the day. Part of him hoped it was still some intricate joke, before he flipped it open to the first blank page. The pen slowly hit paper to begin the process, and at that...

Nothing.

His mind drew a blank on the girls he knew. He'd hung around Yuno so much that he'd forgotten the names and faces of the others in his classroom. He'd been so preoccupied with the way the day had been going, that he couldn't find any names to pin with faces. There was the sleeping girl on the bus, the squirming one...the ones in clubs...But, what were their names?

"A little performance, Anxiety, Hon?" Saril teased, prompting him to glow a few shades brighter than he would have liked. "Can't write in front of someone? Or, perhaps you can't think of any subjects?"

"Please, let me concentrate.." He groaned, starting to quickly lose his nerve. It became less about indulging in his own desires, and showing that he wasn't scared to try it out. And yet....

"Why not try something with that girl you met on the bus?" Saril hinted, with a small grin. "I'm sure you could think of something with her..."

Faust paused at this, his mind flashing back to the bus.

'Of course!' he thought, remembering the girl's smiling face, and her sweet demeanor. 'I could use her! Oh...but, what if it turns out like It did with Yuno? Hrnnnn...'

"Need I remind you, it'll go exactly as you write it?" Saril pointed out, grinning. "Mind you, trying to do something physically impossible will just result in their wetting forty seconds after you write. And any little detail you leave unfilled, Will be determined by the person's own free will, as you learned earlier today with that Darling Gasai..."

Faust flinched at this, a small flush along his cheeks as he recalled how that turned out.

"Thank you for the information, but.." he called, before he started to write hastily. "I...Think I have a better idea of what I'm going to do this time."

"Oh? You do?" Saril inquired, raising an eyebrow. After a bit, she softly smiled again, and floated off to the side. "Well, by all means then..Don't mind me."

Faust ignored the woman at this, writing away at a quick pace, his letters curved slightly, but still appropriately legible.

'Now...Her name was...' he thought to himself, as he moved about with the letters. 'Wy...nn....Ta...Tsu...Ma...Ki And she should...'.

A few short moments later, he put the pen that Saril gave him down on the table, and closed the black notebook

"And now, we wait." he stated to the Goddess, who had leaned over his shoulder when he put down the pen.

"Oh? Not going to let me see what you wrote?" she noted, pouting slightly. "I'm hurt, Fausty. I wanted to see what kind of detailed plot you've come up with this time."

"Oh, you'll see." Faust stated plainly, as he flipped out his phone. "In about...Five Minutes. If this thing works as you say it does." He was still a bit skeptical on the idea, but he'd get his answer, in time. He'd made sure to be careful with what he'd written, and as the minutes ticked down, he could feel the hairs on the back of his neck standing up. The moment of truth was coming along.....

'Five....Four...Three..' he thought, counting down on his phone. 'Two.....One.......Zero.'

A long silence seemed to fill the air, as nothing seemed to have happened. He bit his lip firmly, and turned towards the Ethereal woman that had been following him. His eyes were about to glare the sharpest of daggers into hers for tricking him...Before suddenly, he felt his hand buzzing. Saril paused, but gave a slight smirk at this, as Faust looked at the screen.

Incoming Call from: XXX-XXX-XXXX

Faust's fingers tensed up at this, before he hit the little green button on the side of his phone and pulled it to his ear.

"H..Hello?" he called quietly, before hearing a soft moan from the other line.

"Hello...Faust." a familiar, but far sultrier voice mused out to him, between some soft, excited pants. "It's Wynn..from the bus? I'm sorry to bug you so late in the night but...I figured you ought to know."

Faust's heart seemed to practically lunge into his throat at this, realizing what this meant, but trying to play it off in case it was part of the trick, or some coincidence.

"K...Know what?" he stammered, still in disbelief. Was she really...

"That I'm...Ohhhh." the girl's voice groaned, a slight echo coming from her phone. "I'm...in my bathroom. Alone...In naught but my favorite little pair of green striped panties...And I really need to pee."

Faust's face started to glow bright red at this, the image floating to his mind. He may have just met the girl earlier in the day, and wrote her in as a joke...But, as he heard her whimper and whine, he knew it wasn't anything to laugh about.

"I don't know how long I can hold it for you, Faust..." the girl's sweet voice moaned over the receiver. "I've drank so much today...and I feel like I'm going to pop any second now.....Aghhh....It's really starting to hurt..."

Faust bit his lip hard enough to draw blood at this, trying to control himself. A sudden, if short splashing sounding over the receiver, followed by a needy moan made him let out a small squeaking noise in shock.

"Ahhhhhnnnnn~~~" the girl's voice cooed, letting out a soft whine. "I can't hold it anymore Faust....I've got to piddle...I've got to piddle so bad I can't stand it....I'm going to piddle all over myself."

Faust had to choke back his own urges at this, coughing slightly to mask his own slightly labored breathing.

"D..Do it." He choked slightly, his own impulses getting ahead of him for a bit. Though he immediately regretted saying it, he was answered with an affirmative moan.

Before he could properly prepare himself though, he heard a loud hissing, followed by some echoed splashing. Soft Moans filled the air between splashes, over the course of a whole minute. As the sounds started to taper off, the girl's voice lightly cooed back to him.

"Wubbles Yew, Master. I'll clean this up, and get off."

The sound of the other line hanging up almost seemed to echo throughout the apartment building, as Faust seemed frozen in place. Even as it droned on, the boy didn't move, prompting for the Goddess to float over and tap his shoulder.

"Faust?" she mused slightly, before watching the boy fall over and out of his chair. His face was bright red, his breathing was deep and even....And as she looked at his now closed eyes, it was clear what had happened. "Passing out, huh? I suppose everyone's got their own coping mechanisms...Heheheh..."

She gently opened the book with her pen, and glanced over the paper that he'd written a surprising amount on.

Wynn Tatsumaki: Strips down to her favorite panties, walks into her bathroom, and calls Faust at XXX-XXX-XXXX at 7:45 PM. She describes herself to Faust, mentioning a need to pee. She fights her urge admirably, commentating to Faust all the while about her situation as she gradually loses her pee. She tells Faust that she's about to lose it, using the term 'Piddle', as she lets it flow. Before she finishes peeing completely, she tells Faust she Loves him in as cutesy as voice as she can manage, referring to him as "Master", tells him she'll clean it up and get off. Then, she hangs up and deletes her call history before she finishes peeing herself. She also has no recollection of the events that occur afterwards.

"Oh my..." Saril called, licking her lips slightly. "He is an intricate one."

[Chapter 5: Exercising control, End.]

*022*2014-08-28 17:44

Faust sincerely apologizes for the Significant Delay in chapters. He has been rather tired lately...

However, Faust has finally managed to produce a new Chapter. It may not be as great as usual, but Faust will have the next chapter be even better. So, without further delay...Faust presents...

[Chapter 6: Chasing Dreams]

"Good Morning, Master~ Faust~" a voice called out to Faust, prompting his attention. He moved from his spot in the hall, and rounded the corner to his kitchen. To his surprise, someone was waiting for him...but not just anyone...

"Y..Yuno..!" he stammered, feeling a bright red flush to his face. "You're...You're...."

"Wearing the maid outfit." she called, twirling ever so slightly. "Just as the master commands. And, Yuno has refrained from taking her breaks too...Just as you like~" She gave off a telltale fidget, one of her hands straying to the apron of her outfit. Faust could feel himself brighten a little more, before the girl turned around, over the stove.

This...This can't be real.. he thought, as a lovely smell filled the room. The smell of....

"Breakfast will be r...ready in a bit, Master." Yuno's voice cooed out, as she tensed her legs. "Yuno will bring it to you as soon....As soon as it's done." Her words were sparsed with some telltale pauses, and he could watch her tense up more and more. She bent her knees slightly, and leaned over the kitchen counter slightly. As Faust's eyes trailed downward, going along her shoes and thigh high white socks...his face flushed even brighter.

She's...She's not wearing any.. he thought with a flush, before he heard the girl letting out a small gasp.

"M..Master!" Yuno's voice shakily called. "C...Come qui...quick! Yu...Yuno Can...Can't hold...Hollllld..."

Faust's eyes darted to the girl's tensed thighs as she started to squat down, her outfit riding up in the back.

However, before he could start to appreciate the view, his vision grew dark.

A short pause later, and Faust's eyes opened to find himself in his apartment once again.

I...must have been dreaming. he thought, hearing a light humming from the kitchen. As he moved his legs, Faust realized something was covering his body, and his head was resting on something soft. Pillows...and covers? But who...

A question quickly answered, as the humming grew louder, and a familiar pink haired girl came around the corner of the kitchen, holding a plate with pancakes, hash browns, some cereal, and a tall glass of orange juice. The girl's eyes seemed to light up a bit at seeing Faust, her smile warming Faust's heart.

"Good morning, sleepyhead." Yuno cooed, walking over to him, and setting the plate on his lap. "Yuno found you laying in the floor, so she put you on the couch and covered you up. Is that okay?"

Faust flushed a bit, remembering why he had been in the floor the previous night, before his eyes glanced to the side.

"O..Oh, it's okay Yuno." he muttered. "Th..Thank you. Is all of this for me?"

Yuno let out a small giggle at this, palming a fork, and sticking one of the pancakes.

"Of course." She mused, twisting the fork lightly to tear off part of it. She then held it up towards his mouth, and leaned in. "Say 'Ahhh', Faust."

Faust's flush waned a bit, but smiled, opening his mouth for her.

"Ahhhh." he sounded, as she pressed the pancake into his mouth. It was sweet...warm...and fresh. His hand moved towards the glass at this, lifting it up for a quick drink of the juice. "You're an exceptional cook, Yuno."

"Ohhh, Yuno's not that great." She mused, one of her hands moving up to her cheek, as she slid off the couch.

"Faust is just really kind to compliment her like that."

Faust smiled, and was about to assure her that she was genuinely good, before the ethereal figure floated up from the halls.

"Morning, lewd boy." Saril's voice called, her honey like tone sending a shiver through his spine. It was almost uncomfortable after so long, but it brought along a whole new slew of memories he'd forgotten. Yuno, before school...Yuno after school...and Wynn....

His face flushed, as he went to raise his hands up to shush her. However, Yuno didn't react to the figure's words, reminding him that only he could hear, or see her. He breathed a small, silent sigh of relief, before he noticed Yuno's body tensing up, as she closed her legs.

"A..Ah...One moment." Yuno's voice quickly piped up, as she moved over. "Yuno is...Yuno is going to the bathroom..."

"Ah...okay." Faust responded, blushing lightly, as he went back to eating his breakfast. It's refreshing to know that she's still willing to so much as look at me after yesteday. I was worried...

He returned his mind to his food at this, eventually hearing a loud flushing from the bathroom, before the sound of a running sink. Soon enough, Yuno returned from the bathroom, as he carried the plate to the kitchen.

"Yuno...Hopes you don't think badly of her..." she mumbled, softly. "After....After yesterday. Yuno...Won't expose herself like that again....So..please don't think any lesser of her...."

Faust paused at this, before walking over to her, and wrapping his arms around her in a firm hug. prompting a squeak from the girl.

"I'd never think any less of you, for that." Faust assured her, lightly rubbing her sides as he hugged. "Sometimes these...Kind of things happen. So, don't worry about it too much, okay?" The pink haired girl flushed lightly at this, before her own hands wrapped around him.

"O...okay." she mumbled sweetly, merely holding him in their embrace for a bit. Faust's eyes glanced up at the Goddess, expecting some kind of witty, snarky remark. Thankfully, she kept her mouth shut during the moment, as Yuno eventually pulled away from him, her pink eyes looking into his with a noticeable warmth.

"We..should probably head to school soon, huh?" Faust sounded, turning back to the plates. "After we finish breakfast, of course."

"R..Right." Yuno responded, moving to the kitchen again to gather up the rest of food for them.

After a quick breakfast, the two made their way out of the building towards the bus stop. Thankfully, there was a bench for them to sit on, which meant they could sit back, and wait in silence. Until.....

"Quite a heartwarming scene.." Saril's voice teased after a while. "A cute girl, and a lewd boy...Bonding over an accident."

"Shut up..." Faust's voice mumbled, lightly flushing.

"Ohhh, but I've behaved all morning." She cooed, floating around in front of him, and twirling around. "A woman like me has needs...and, it's your job as the man to satisfy them."

Faust barely had any time to register what she meant by that, before she leaned back into him, settling her soft, warm rump into his lap, and leant back against him. He could feel himself light up as she lightly ground her rump into him, his sense of smell was filled with a pleasant, rosy scent. Even as he tried to lean away from her, the otherworldly woman leaned herself back against him, pinning him to the bench with her body.

"Faust? Are you..feeling okay?" Yuno's voice called, causing Faust to turn his head towards the girl, and wave his hands up.

"Y..Yeah, I'm fine." he called, as the Goddess grinned, glancing downward. "It's just a little warm out h..HERE!"

Any facade he may have manifested was quickly dispersed, as Saril touched a certain part of him. He could feel Yuno's disbelieving glance on his face from his reaction...But, thankfully, the bus was arriving.

"Yuno's unsure.." She muttered, Faust thankful now more than ever that Saril was only visible to him.

"Hehehe...You've got such a naughty mind." She cooed, also making him thankful no one else could hear her. As the bus pulled up, Saril slid off of his lap and giggled, resuming her usual spot behind him. Faust quickly moved up from the bench, and moved to the door.

"Someone's Enthusiastic this morning." The driver teased, as Faust stepped on.

"You have no idea." saril's voice teased, as Faust suppressed his flush. As he climbed up to find a seat for him and Yuno, the boy noticed the green haired girl from yesterday looking up..and then away from him.

"W..Wynn.." He muttered slightly, before striding along to the back of the bus and quickly taking his seat. The pink haired girl quickly moved beside him, a skeptical if worried look on her face. Faust quickly averted his gaze from her, and leant against the window. He tried to push out the recent, vulgar thoughts he'd had more prominently lately, and the floating Goddess. She seemed a bit more...direct lately, as if he'd quite piqued her interest.

"Yuno is worried..." Yuno's voice sounded, lightly breaking him out of his trance for a moment. "Faust seems...a bit strange this morning." Faust could feel himself tensing up a bit in anxiety, second guessing if Saril was truly as invisible as she mentioned to the others...and he still wasn't entirely sure that all of this wasn't a very elaborate set up.

"I'm fine.." he called, closing his eyes. "I'm just..a little tired, is all."

Saril floated in front of him again, her legs slightly spread apart to show off the same, black lacey material. However, as his stomach lurched, he could be less concerned with the view.

The bus ride was thankfully quiet otherwise, and before he knew it, they were making their way to class.

"Yuno's going to head to the potty before class." the girl gently cooed, starting away. "She'll see you in class, Faust."

"Okay, Yuno." he responded, as Saril floated around him again. "I'll see you there."

The pink haired girl darted off at this, leaving him alone with the silver haired goddess, who dipped down in front of him again.

"Are you going to write her name in the note again, today?" Saril inquired, with her teasing, taunting smirk. "You could still make her wet after..."

"No, I'm not going to write her name in the note." Faust called, flatly.

"Well, is there another person you're going to write in the notebook?" she cooed, twirling around. "I'm certainly looking forward to whatever you do next."

"I'm not going to write anyone's name in the note." he stated, just as flat as before, pushing into class.

"Oh? Well..are you going to cash in on my..generous offer?" she cooed, floating in front of him, and gripping at her skirt.

"Maybe..." Faust called, rubbing his head. "I don't know right now...I'm still recovering from the bus." The Goddess floated around him again, and grinned.

"Well...maybe you'll be more interested if I tell you about a special deal I have for you, for today Only." the Goddess called, watching as Faust's eyes widened a bit.

"Ah? What kind of deal?" he called, as he moved over to take his seat.

"A fun little deal indeed.." the woman called, as she descended towards him. Her eyes seemed to shimmer with an otherworldly lavender tint to them. "How would you like...the Eyes of a Goddess?"

[Chapter 6, Chasing Dreams, End.]

