The Wet Look - A lesbian desperation story

Author: misslunaswift

*000*2014-09-19 08:03

The Wet Look

- A salon with a desperation obsessed stylist and a bursting customer...

At the Wet Look salon Paris enjoys watching her clients squirm while she deliberately takes her time cutting their hair. Add some free coffee to the mix and its a recipe for public desperation and ultimate humiliation. It might also be the chance Kelly has been looking for to try out lesbian sex for the first time in her life...

Chapter 1 –Desperate for a Haircut

When my hair was bad enough for Ginger to comment I knew it was time to go to the salon. Her hair exploded from the top of her head like a mad scientist with a hand in a wet plug socket. I’ll admit I had been putting it off for a while but only because I couldn’t really afford it at the minute. University seems designed to suck money from you and I was into a second year of textbooks that cost more than gold bullion and lectures costing three figures a time.

So it had been a while since I’d last had a proper haircut but I thought I’d hidden that fact well, styling it every morning before classes started. But as I walked into the kitchen to get my wake up coffee fix, Ginger reading her Morning Marxist or whatever cause of the week newspaper she was into at the moment, I was shocked by what she said.

“You really need a haircut you know?”

Not a good morning, not a how are you today, just you need a haircut. I walked past her to the mirror on the far wall and looked at myself. Maybe she was right.

“I can’t really afford it at the minute.” I opened the fridge and leaned past the tubs of indeterminate mush to find my labelled milk hidden at the back. Two days past expiry, this better be the last coffee I make with it.

“There’s a new place on Church Street. The Wet Look. They use trainees in there, I’ve heard it’s pretty cheap.”

“How do you know so much about it? You told me you haven’t been to a salon since you were about seven.”

“Oh, they do other things in there too.”

I didn’t think to ask her what she meant. I assumed she was talking about tanning or a nail bar or something like that. If I’d known just what other things they offered, I never would have gone no matter how cheap it was. Still, it’s too late now. I rang to make an appointment whilst walking to uni and to my surprise they said they could fit me in that afternoon. I grabbed a quick lunch after the dullest lecture in the history of the world and then headed into town. By the time I’d made it to Church Street I needed a pee so I bypassed the salon and made my way to the public toilet at the end of the road. Just my luck that it was closed, a lopsided sign dangling from the door said ‘Shut for maintainence.’

There was a part of me that wanted to dig out a marker from my bag to correct the spelling but I resisted. What difference would it have made? Turning on my heels I walked back to the salon thinking I should be able to last until after my hair cut. How wrong I was.

As soon as I pushed the door open I was pounced on by a teenage girl with jet black hair and too much make up. “Can I help you?” she asked, standing far too close to me.

“Yes, I’ve an appointment. 1.15.”

“What name is it?” She turned to pick up a clipboard, running her finger down the list.

“Rhodes. Kelly Rhodes.”

“Take a seat Miss Rhodes and we’ll be with you in a minute. Can I get you a free coffee?”

I sat in an oversized leather armchair and leaned forward to flick through the dog-eared magazines as I sipped an awful black coffee. I was shocked when I noticed the fetish magazines, front covers showing women tied up or spanked and some even had dark patches on their trousers as if they’d been photographed whilst wetting themselves. I put them down in disgust and stood up. “Excuse me, I don’t suppose you’ve got a bathroom I could use at all?”

“I’m afraid not Miss Rhodes but there is one down the road. If you’re quick you could-“

“It’s shut,” I replied, cutting her off mid-sentence.

“Oh well, we won’t be long.” She smiled a reassuring smile and sat back behind the desk, flicking through a magazine. I caught a glimpse of the contents before I sat back down, a photo of a woman’s face, mouth open, as water poured into it. At least I hoped it was water.

As I sat there, I felt my need to pee growing stronger. It didn’t help that I had nothing to distract me while I waited, making me shift in my seat and repeatedly cross and uncross my legs. The clock on the far wall ticked off the minutes. It reached half past and I was about to stand up and go, my bladder pressing into my belt as it bulged outwards, when the door behind the counter opened and a tall woman stepped out, smiling at me. “Miss Rhodes?”

“That’s me.”

“Hi, I’m Paris. Lovely to meet you. Come this way.”

She pointed at a chair near the window and I climbed into it, looking at myself in the enormous mirror as from the corner of my eye I saw the blur of traffic passing by outside.

“And what are we doing today?” She began combing my hair as she spoke, making me wince as she teased out knots I didn’t even know were there.

“Oh nothing too crazy. It needs a tidy up, maybe take an inch off the bottom.”

“I think your bottom’s just fine,” she giggled to herself. Trust me to get a reject from a seventies sex comedy for a hair stylist. “Now I think I know what I can do with this. The question is, do you trust me?”

“I guess so. You won’t do anything too crazy will you?”

“No, of course not. Let me get my weapons. Zara, would you mind?”

The girl behind the counter came round and wrapped a towel round my neck, passing a selection of scissors and clippers to Paris.

“It’s very important you keep perfectly still until I’m finished, do you think you can do that for me Miss Rhodes?”

“I think so. It won’t take too long will it?”

“No. Be done in a jiffy.”

She took my head in her hands and positioned it so I was staring into my own eyes in the mirror, sitting bolt upright. As she began to work on me, I felt the sudden urgent need to squirm. Keeping still was the last thing I needed to ensure I didn’t wet myself, I wanted to wriggle, to shuffle in my seat, to jump up and leave and find a toilet before it was too late. But I also didn’t want the embarrassment of leaving half way through a haircut and looking an idiot until I could afford to get it fixed. So I stayed still. I found that scrunching up my toes and releasing them helped for the first few minutes. After that I began to feel more and more uncomfortable. I was starting to shuffle my knees up and down, humming to myself as Paris snipped away at me.

If she’d made conversation that might have helped but when I tried she just asked me to keep quiet so she could concentrate. “It’s the first day I’ve been allowed to cut unsupervised,” she said at one point which didn’t exactly help to calm my nerves about the whole thing.

After an eternity she stepped back and looked me up and down. “Are you done?” I asked, ready to sprint for the door.

“Not quite,” she replied. “I’ll be back in a second. Just need a bottle of something. Zora, make sure she doesn’t move. It’s really important.”

I heard a bell jingle and the door opened. Two women had walked in, chatting to each other as they sat behind me. I could hear them flicking through the magazines and could just see the tops of their heads in the mirror. I was trying to keep still but my bladder was feeling incredibly full, making me increasingly anxious that I might not have time to make it to a toilet when I finally did get out of here.

“Please keep still,” Zora said when she saw me shuffle on the seat. I forced my legs to stop moving and at least under the towel my hands were hidden. I managed to shove them between my legs and clamped down on them, cupping my pussy and pressing hard with my fingers to try and help hold in my desire to pee. More time passed and there was still no sign of Paris coming back, my hand kept rubbing up against my clit as I squeezed my knees together which sent unwanted tingles of arousal through me.

I was getting closer and closer to panic as I fought off the urgent need for the bathroom. In my distress I unbuttoned the top of my trousers and squeezed a hand inside, pushing them into my panties and against myself, holding a finger to the very spot where I knew all the fluid in me wanted to escape. To my surprise I found myself damp down there, my panties warm and wet to the touch after my clit had been teased for so long.

My finger brushed over the aching nub to try and calm the growing itch I felt there and I almost gasped at the sensation, it felt more sensitive than it ever had before, perhaps the naughtiness of my public location was turning me on more than I’d realised.

At last Paris came back, holding a spray bottle. She began squirting water onto my hair, droplets forming on the back of my neck and running down my spine. The sensation sent my bladder over the edge and I momentarily lost control. I felt a squirt of pee hit my fingers, soaking into my panties as I squeezed my muscles, stopping any more from coming out.

Paris kept spraying my hair and it was torture, making me squirm on my seat, my legs jiggling up and down. “Please keep still,” she said. “Otherwise I might mess this up and it’s the most difficult bit.”

She leaned closely over me, her breasts almost touching my chin as she snipped round the back of my head. She leaned further and they squashed up against my face, making it impossible to breathe. It was only for a second and then she was moving on but I could have sworn I’d felt the hardness of her nipples through her top.

She leaned towards my ear, her mouth close enough to kiss me. My earlobes have always been sensitive and feeling her hot breath on them sent a shudder of pleasure through me, making me lose control again, another squirt of pee managing to escape. I fought to contain the rest but I knew any more escapes and it would start soaking through my trousers and then I’d not be able to keep it hidden from the world anymore.

“Nearly done,” Paris said, leaning closer and whispering quietly so nobody else could hear her. “I want you to watch you wet yourself.”

I'll post chapter two if you like the start but if you can't wait to read the rest you can find the whole story here

.

