Pokemon Omorashi Requests

Author: Sammy Raeh

*000*2014-09-04 00:01

Not too sure how this whole forum thing works but I'm willing to crack my hands at writing short Pokemon omorashi fanfictions. I will write about the Pokemon themselves, not trainers. I don't have anything to show on me at the moment so I was wondering if anyone felt like leaving me a request?

Some things to know are the species of Pokemon must be at least understandable so nothing like Magnamite. (Robots and such) Muk. (I mean how is that even possible?) and other such things.

I will accept requests not just based on the species but the situation as well so feel free to request a situation if you want to. This could be something like a public wetting, holding contests or maybe even something a little kinkier. I do want to keep this fairly softcore though so please go easy on me.

I am new to writing stories. I have only ever written a few personal stories onto paper and I may not be very good at this but I'm still willing to give it a shot. All I ask is please do not expect too much out of me, my English grades were bad so sentences might not be structured properly and punctuation may be wrong at times.

Now that that's out the way please feel free to leave me a request or two and I'll hop right too it. These will just be one chapter short stories to start with, in the future if I think I have improved enough I might start an actual full length story that will be released in chapters.

*001*2014-09-04 17:29

I'll happily take a shot at it. I don't know how long it'll take me to write it but I'll make sure it's at least before the week ends. Thank you for the request and get ready to see my first ever publicly posted story.

*002*2014-09-05 13:58

{{ 

How about something involving a desperate Kirilia who use to be accident prone when she was a Ralts and doesn't want her streak of staying dry that began with evolution to end. Of course, she ends up wetting, and despite her best efforts to conceal her accident, her Gallade father finds out and his reaction includes both scolding here for wetting at her age and being a concerned father who helps her clean up.

}}

(Please keep in mind this is my first story. It may not be very good. I will be using the PMD world or closer unless specified otherwise.)

Story 1: Exploration Mishap

I shuffled around in my bed as I awakened with a start. I was panting as I looked around my small room. I quickly took deep breaths in order to calm myself down. It was the same nightmare that had been plaguing me recently, it was always the same nightmare or similar, always about when I was a little ralts. I stood up as I remember the shameful events which occurred back when I was a ralts. I was always accident prone and I had issues with controlling myself, I am a lot better now that I'm a kirlia though and haven't had an accident since I evolved.

My name is Zara and I'm a young female kirlia who lives with both my mother and father. They're both really nice but my dads a little strict though. I don't know why I've been having this nightmare lately but it's really put me on edge, even today when I had made plans to explore a nearby cave that I found a couple days back, it might be one of those mystery dungeons I heard so much about. I quickly jump out of bed and quickly put my arm under the bed before pulling out a small bag. I needed to be prepared if I'm going to explore this cave. I notice a small twinge from down below. I'm not cocky enough to push my luck so I walk over to my door and put the bag on the handle before leaving my room and heading for the toilet.

After quickly emptying my bladder I went and grabbed my bag before heading down stairs, my mother had cooked some delicious smelling breakfast and my dad, a tall gallade, had sorted something out on the table. He quickly looked at me before gesturing me to come over to the table.

“Zara dear. I've sorted out some supplies for you today, they should last the entire day if you conserve them like I taught you.” My father said to me as he showed me some oran and pecha berries, two bottles of water, a parchment with some drawing tools small cloth and a bottle of some green liquid. It's was his home made medicinal drink. Tastes awful but it works a treat as a good painkiller.

My mother walks over with the breakfast wrapped up for me. “Now come on dear, I'm sure she's more the capable of sorting it our herself.” She hands me the food with a smile before sitting down on one of the chairs.

“I guess I'm just worried is all. Remember to stay safe. Succeed and like I promised, I'll help sign you up to the nearby guild okay?” My father said handing me the remaining supplies which I promptly put into my bag. It was slightly heavy but nothing too extreme. Today was the day I make my own path in the world.

“Thanks mom, dad. I'll be back before you know it!” I exclaimed cheerfully as I stepped outside into the bright sun. This day was a fantastic day for an exploration. I quickly walked down the beaten path before turning into a small be dense forest. I quickly pushed through the foliage as I reach a small cave not to far from my home. Dad told me on so many occasions that it wasn't a mystery dungeon but just a normal cave, but we can always have our little fantasies now can't we? My job for today was to map the small cave out before returning home and giving my dad the, he would then inspect it and give me a rating on how accurate it was. This was my ticket to joining a guild.

I quickly enter the cave as I take a bottle of water out of my bag, quickly drinking over half of it before putting it back away and taking the parchment out. I wander through the cave jotting down the systems I spotted all the way through until I reached the end. It was a long but fairly straight cave by the look of things. I use my psychic skill to see how long I'd been down here, a few hours so it seems. I quickly take the half full bottle of water out before finishing it off. I sit down on a rock not noticing the small twinge of my bladder as I take out my packed food. I quickly dig in happily before sighing in content. I quickly check the map I had drawn. It looked accurate from what I could tell.

“Might as well go home now.” I mentioned to myself as I stood up and stretched before beginning my accent back to the surface, about half way out I notice the small pressure building in my bladder but I simply ignore it as I finish off my other drink and take a couple oran berries as something to snack on. I kept on walking through the cave, the map hovering in front of my as I used my psychic to hold it, the pressure on my bladder constantly building up. It was only once I'd reached the entrance that I regretted my decision to wait. I was getting fairly needy now. I was just about to go back inside the cave to relieve myself before a couple Vulpix walk into the cave, both male from what I could tell, they both gave me a small smile as I slowly continued to walk outside, not letting my increasing urge embarrass me in front of them. It was only a short walk home...

“Dammit...” I quickly started moving forward back through the forest, the urge getting worse with every step. It wasn't long until I'd reached the road back to my house. I was regretting drinking all that water now as I quickly lean forward putting one hand between my legs in order to hold myself. Suddenly recollection of the nightmares struck me, they weren’t just nightmares but future warnings. I screamed at myself within my own head for my own stupidity as I quickly walk back home. I don't know why I didn't just go in the forest but it's probably my fear of getting spotted.

Once I reached my house I was happy to know that relief was just up the stairs. I take a step forward before gasping as a squirt escaped me, I blush profusely as I slam my other hand between my legs. I couldn't lose just yet, I quickly compose myself and made myself look as normal as possible before walking over to the door. I gasp once more as another squirt escapes me, without my hands to support me it was so much harder to hold it. I quickly go into the house and I don't notice anybody around, I was overjoyed at the fact that dad wasn't here to question me on how it went. I quickly dash up the stairs whilst one of my hands continued to hold it in. Once I made it up the stairs a large spasm shoots through me as some more urine shoots out of me. I quickly ran towards the bathroom, my bladder on the verge of bursting open.

“Come on...” I whispered to myself as I reach for the handle as I go to open the door. All hope leaves me as the door would not open, it was locked.

“One minute please!” My fathers voice shouted from behind the door. I quickly take two steps back before slowly walking towards my room as I tried to hold it. I made it into my room as I look around desperately for something to relieve myself in. Suddenly a massive spasm tears through my body as I lose control. Tears quickly brim up in my eyes as I quickly fall onto my knee's unable to hold it any longer. Pee quickly starts gushing out of me and onto the floor as I fruitlessly try to hold it back. I was so embarrassed as I emptied my bladder, the warm liquid forming a large puddle. The stream slowly become drops as I stand back up and examine the mess I'd made. It was bad...

“Zara?” My dad said walking into my room. He goes silent suddenly as my eyes widen.

“D-Dad...” I said quietly waiting for what was to come next. He quickly frowns as he shakes his head.

“Zara! What in the world is this!?” He yelled at me, obviously angry. I flinched at the volume and intensity of his voice as he continued his rant.

“You're way too old for this now, didn't you shake this problem off when you evolved!?” He yelled back at me once again. I couldn't help my breakdown into tears at this point as I started bawling my eyes out. His face quickly softened as he goes quiet.

“Z-Zara...” He said. He quickly leans down and puts a hand on my shoulder, calming me down somewhat. He gives me a small comforting smile as I slowly stop crying.

“Zara, I'm sorry for getting angry okay? Want me to go get you a towel?” He asked nicely as he smiles at me. I nod at him as he quickly exits the room and reappears with a towel in hand. He hands it to me before walking back towards the door.

“Dad?” I asked him, wondering what'd happen from here.

“Don't worry. This won't affect your overall score. I was just worried is all... Go get cleaned up and I'll assess you then.” He said kindly as I listened to him go down the stairs. I cleaned up the mess I made before wiping myself down as well. Afterwards I think I'll go get a bath but for now this'll do. I go downstairs and see my dad sitting at the table waiting patiently for me. I walk over and hand him my bag, he quickly took the map out before handing me the bag once again. He examine it before smiling.

“This is next to flawless, only a couple minor mistakes but beyond that this map is perfect.” He said as excitement built up inside me. I didn't think I'd done that well!

“Does this mean I can join the guild?” I asked waiting for the good news. I knew I was joining the guild after the reaction he just had.

“With skills like these, why join the guild around here. If you want I can set you on your way to the famous wigglytuff guild if you want?” He asked me as he stood up, a smile on his face. Happiness flooded through my body after hearing that news. I quickly nodded my head as he smiled once again and gestured for me to leave him alone. I went back upstairs to my room, all memories of my accident slipping away as I happily wondered what adventures would take place in this new land.

(Tell me what you think... My oath I'm so hesitant to post this thing... )

*003*2014-09-05 19:32

{{ 

I don't have much experience at critiquing another's work, but I quite enjoyed it, and I wouldn't have guessed it was your first attempt at writing fiction for others to see if you hadn't admitted to your inexperience. Considering how quickly you filled the request, I'm actually a bit impressed with your writing speed. Grammatically speaking, there weren't any flaws that jumped out at me. Overall, I'd say job well done.

}}

You have absolutely no idea how much those words mean to me. I don't need my work to be perfect or the best, all I wish is for it to be enjoyed by those around me. This has given me a massive confidence boost. I'm more than happy that you enjoyed it and honestly most of my skills would purely be from reading other stories. Once again thank you so much for the amazing review and have a great day, I know I am.

*005*2014-09-06 16:41

{{ 

Well, the grammar could use a bit of work, but that isn't unexpected when only the writer looks over the story. The speed was excellent, and barring the grammar the story was well written.

I'll add a request... say a trainer and her braixen make their way to a legendary, get desperate along the way, and both wet themselves, perhaps in fear, when they encounter the legendary.

}}

More than willing to give this a shot. My grammar should improve in time, hopefully.

*007*2014-09-11 08:01

{{ 

I'd say you're doing good at writing the stories so far. I actually have a request of my own in mind but I'll wait until after you finish the current request. That way you'll only have 1 to worry about.

}}

Thank you, it's really hard to write during the weekdays with college and all. Got tons of binary homework to get through... Not to mention I accidentaly cleared my pc of most of it's data meaning I have to re write it now. :<

