Salt - One shot

Author: addictwithapen

*000*2013-01-30 19:40

It's a chapter I slipped into my longer fanfiction that doesn't otherwise contain omo. I mean, you can go read it at http://m.fanfiction.net/s/8671693/1/

But it doesn't affect understanding or context.

~~~~~~~

Lewis Brindley, Simon Lane and Hannah Rutherford went to visit Lewis' dad, Allen Brindley's new house with Duncan Jones, their co-worker. They piled into the car with Lewis sitting himself in the driver's seat. Simon pulled him out of the car and sat him at the back. He pushed Duncan to the wheel and gave him the directions to the new building. When questioned, Simon recalled the incident when they went from Reading to Bristol and Lewis missed the turning three times. Hannah swiftly agreed with this decision and plonked herself in the left, next to Duncan. Simon sat directly behind Duncan and Lewis begrudgingly took the remaining seat.

A short while after they had gotten onto the motorway, Lewis began to fidget. This quickly turned into squirming. "Are you okay, Lewis?" Simon whispered to him. "I-I am fine. Really," the younger replied. "You do not sound it." But he let it drop.

Another ten minutes later,Lewis felt as if he were about to burst. He began to grip his crotch tightly. Simon had not spoken in these ten minutes but by now he was sure of what Lewis' predicament was. However, he chose not to say anything to avoid embarrassing the man further. Simon noticed the dark partition between Lewis and himself and the front. A few moments later,Lewis ceased squirming and a small dark patch began to grow around his crotch. Similarly, the man's face grew redder at about the same rate. Simon is at a loss of what to do, so he asks Duncan to pull into the nearest Sainsbury's. "Will Tesco's do?"

"Yeah, sure," Simon replied hurriedly whilst Duncan pulled into the car park of the store.

As Simon exited the store, he made sure that the spare pair of trousers, packet of pull ups and baby wipes couldn't be seen under the crisps he used as an alibi or through the thin, white plastic. Simon got into the vehicle once more and shared out the crisps; he handed the remaining contents to Lewis, watching as bewilderment crossed his friend's face before being replaced with an intense frown. However, Lewis was happy to note that the new trousers were the same colour as his were previously.

"I am not wearing these," Lewis whispered. "Not in a million years."

"Well it's either those or you go commando; you can't wear your wet undies, can you?" Simon replied quietly. Lewis huffed and turned his back on his friend.

After a while, Lewis fell asleep. Simon took this as an opportunity to change him into the pull-ups and new trousers after wiping him down.

An hour later,they arrived at Allen's house. Lewis was out of the car first and knocked on the door. When it opened, they were greeted by an elderly man and woman. They were invited inside and were shown to the new sofa. Lewis was glad that no one had seemed to notice the pull-up and new trousers he had found himself in when he woke up from his unplanned nap. He knew that Simon had changed him whilst he was asleep; but, to be honest, it was kind of comfortable.

The group of four attempted, but failed to squeeze onto the small sofa. In the end they decided that having two of them on the sofa and two at their feet would be a better plan. After some squabbling and excuses, Duncan got the right seat with Hannah at his feet and Simon got the left seat with Lewis at his feet; Lewis and Hannah were holding hands, almost as if to prove they were together even as their heads rested on their friend's laps.

After the group had looked around the new house, had lunch and said their goodbyes, they formed a line to the one bathroom. Hannah got there first, followed by Lewis, Duncan and, lastly, Simon

Oops the links for the mobile site. Oh well :3

