Hades' Prank

Author: Axis

*000*2013-02-20 02:46

Disclaimer: I put Chapter 26 because there are 25 chapters in the game. Get it? Also, this post may contain spoilers.

Chapter 26: Hades's Prank

Pit, ecstatic about Hades's defeat, ran up to the door of Palutena's temple with a bright smile. The door opened to his presence and revealed the beautiful land of Skyworld, the Godess of Light's utopian domain. The excited angel ran out the door and jumped of the ledge into the sky. At that moment, Palutena activated the Power of Flight, allowing the normally flightless Pit to soar through the air for five minutes on a controlled path. His wings shone blue as he hurtled through the sky.

"Good morning, Lady Palutena!" he shouted, unable to hide his excitement. From her temple, the godess responded.

"Good morning, Pit."

"So, remind me again, what is my mission exactly?"

"Some of the Underworld Army survived, and you need to wipe them out."

"Understood!"

Suddenly, the sky and clouds turned red and black, signifying that a great evil was approaching. Sure enough, it reared its ugly head.

"Why, hello there Pitty Pat! Did you miss me?"

Pit and Palutena both said, astonished,"Hades!?"

Hades replied,"the one and only." He gave them a mock salute. "I was hanging out in purgatory, trying to think of how to get back at you for killing me. Then it hit me..."

Pit cut him off,"Don't you talk to Lady Palutena that way, you monster!"

Hades snickered,"Tough words, little angel. If you're going to be rude, I'll just let you figure it out." With that, Hades left.

Lady Palutena groaned suddenly. "Ooohh, what's going on? My stomach feels weird..."

Concerned for her safety, Pit asked her,"Are you alright, Lady Palutena?"

"Yes I'm...I'm fine." Palutena was not fine, however. Hades had just made her desperate to pee and, being a godess, she had no clue as to what was happening to her body. In her lack of focus, Pit's flight path started going all over the place.

"Woah! Lady Palutena! Help me!"

Realizing what was happening, she immediately straightened out his flight path, but it was still a little wobbly.

"Paaluteena?" whined two girls' voices. They were Viridi and Phosphora, godesses of nature and lightning.

"What's going on?" Viridi complained, hands up her skirt, grabbing at her panties.

"You too?" Palutena said back, in a similar pose.

Taking note of Viridi's awkward position, Pit stuttered, blushing, "Umm...Viridi? Your hands...er...skirt...umm"

"Shut up, Pit. And quit gawking at me!" She was obviously not used to the situation either.

Phosphora, thankful to be wearing more desperation-friendly shorts, asked Palutena, "Do you know anything about what's going on?"

"Yes," she answered, "Hades is back, and I think he's the one behind all this."

Phosphora and Viridi both turned pale. "WHAT?!?"

Pit chimed in, "He was just here talking about revenge or something."

Then, Hades reappeared out of nowhere. "You gals put on quite a show! I love the wiggling Phosphora, too cute."

She tried to stop doing so, but she couldn't help it.

"Hades!" Viridi shouted, "What did you do! My...va", she looked over at Pit, who was now turning even redder, "my, umm, area is on fire!"

"Sorry dear, but you did assist Pit in his little killing spree so you must be punished." He gave her a smile fit for a con artist.

Palutena interjected, "The least you can do is tell us what's going on." She then gased and shoved her hands even further into her dress.

"OK, OK. You win, pretty Palutena. It's called omorashi. Liquid builds up inside you, until you are forced to release it, spilling it everywhere. It's a gift I gave to the humans, but unfortunately only a handful took it as it was intended." He then turned towards the viewer, "A big shout-out to the fine folks at omorashi.org for understanding me. Keep it cool, you guys!"

Pit and three godesses all looked at each other and shrugged, then all except Pit immediately went back to squeezing their hands between their legs.

"Wait, so what are they supposed to do?" Pit asked, more curious than angry now.

"Beats me. Try to find a good spot to let loose I suppose. Well, that's all from me, ladies. Ta-ta!" Hades then vanished once again to watch the desperate godesses from the comfort of the Underworld.

"What a creep!" said Viridi, starting to hop from one foot to the other. "It's getting worse!"

"For me too." Palutena responded. She had come down from her pedestal and was sitting on the floor of her temple, rubbing her crotch furiously. She then realized what she had to do, even though she really didn't want to. "Pit, I'm bringing you back. I can't focuse on controlling your flight path anymore, and I don't want you getting hurt."

In a flash of holy light, Pit warped back to Palutena's temple, only to see his master in serious turmoil.

"Oh, Pit." she said to him softly, "I'm sorry you have to see this."

Pit cocked his head, confused. "L-lady Palutena?"

All of a sudden, a strange sound filled the temple. It started with a soft dripping, but quickly escalated to a torrential splashing. Pit could only watch, amazed as Palutena peed for all she was worth. Her liquid began pooling below her bent legs, forming a perfect yellow circle around her. She sighed in relief as her newly-formed bladder emptied itself for the first time.

"Lady Palutena? Are you OK?" Pit kneeled down into her puddle and grabbed her hand, hoisting her up. The back of her dress was soaked and dripping with pee. Each drop made the puddle below shake and shudder as Palutena had been not a moment ago.

"I...I'm alright Pit. Thank you. I'm starting to see why this was a gift. Such release, such pleasure..."

Pit looked at her and lowered his brow, skeptical. "If you say so. Come on, let's get you cleaned up."

Meanwhile, in Viridi's temple...

Viridi and Phosphora were laughing hysterically.

"Look at her, she's soaked!" screamed Viridi.

"I know! She looks ridiculous!" Phosphora replied.

Viridi was doubled over laughing, "I can't believe she..." Her face suddenly turned sour. "Uh-oh." She shut her eyes and squeezed her sphincter shut as hard as she could, but the inevitable trickling sound told her that she was done. "Don't look at me!" she screamed as pee poured from between her legs onto the floor of her temple. She turned red as her stream came to a dribble, then finally stopping.

After a moment of silence, Phosphora once again burst out laughing. "You look even more ridiculous than Palutena!"

Viridi was quiet, embarassed, until she noticed something odd. "Hey, how come you didn't have an accident? You're not even holding it anymore!"

Phosphora shrugged. "Maybe I'm just more mature than you. You should really learn to hold it. You're a big godess, aren't you?" She then walked away, swinging her seductive backside behind her.

Viridi was steaming. She couldn't believe Phosphora had upstaged her like that. Then she noticed something else. Was Phosphora's butt always that big? Viridi didn't want to ponder on it, she needed to get cleaned up before anyone else saw her like this.

As Phosphora walked away, she giggled to herself, and she patted her very wet diaper. She had slipped it on behind Virid's back. She kept all sorts of odd things in her chambers in case of emergency, and today it had really payed off.

The end. Hope you enjoyed it. Please feel free to message me or leave a comment with criticisms, story requests, or praises. Thank you!

*002*2013-02-20 17:18

The location thing was due to the fact that they can sort of 'appear' wherever they want. As soon as I finished I thought about Amazon Pandora. I'm gonna write another one with her and Medusa. Thanks for the feedback!

