The Tale of a Sorceress

Author: RosaE836

*000*2015-01-08 01:27

Caryinea was an average kingdom, not being the most prosperous, but definitely living better than most other kingdoms of the world. With the capital being Dybamius, one of the strongest castles in all the world, Caryinea could defend itself rather easily. The stones of the city's walls were reinforced with raven-steel, a metal that, with its signature black shimmer, was stronger than regular steel and also more resistant to magic. The largest and purest deposits of this metal were regularly mined in one of Caryinea's fiefs named after the ore: Ravensteel. The fief of Ravensteel was known for exporting its rare black steel, and for its blacksmiths skilled enough to forge weapons from the ore.

The fief grew incredibly wealthy, but the only problem with using raven-steel is the extra time required to temper it compared to conventional steel. This is why raven-steel weapons cost so much, and why entire garrisons equipped with such weapons were rare if existent at all. But with such ready access to the material, Ravensteel's soldiers and guards had such weapons, and for the higher ranking soldiers, armor.

In fact, such ready access to a metal that was practically magic resistant tended to make some question the use of mages. This hadn't turned into hatred, but mage guilds disbanded from lack of new recruits, and while kingdoms like Caryinea made it mandatory to have at least one mage at a time occupy each fief, willing recruits were rare. Mages later became popular once more, and this is was all because of one mage in particular. The story of her is called:

~~~~~~

The Tale of a Sorceress

~~~~~~

It was late in the day when the guards first saw signs of movement outside the castle gates. The movement was definitely not an army, and a castle as big as Ravensteel was certainly in no threat from a single person. Either way, the guards were trained to never underestimate an unknown person, so they lowered their spears at the new figure.

"Must you always point your sticks to me every time I arrive? I'm the castle's lead mage, and yet you always treat me like the king of Ugredia." The man said, pulling down his cowl.

The guards instantly stiffened, bringing their spears vertical.

"Aye," said one. "It's force of habit is all. After all, anyone can be a turncoat, especially a sorcerer."

The mage flinched at the sentence, especially with the mention of the word 'sorcerer'.

"Must you call me a sorcerer? I'm a mage, not some heathen that sits in the woods brewing potions-"

"That's an alchemist-"

"That's not my point!" the mage yelled, silencing the two guards. He sighed. "Well, I'll just head to my quarters before nightfall, I'm preparing for recruitment tomorrow..."

The guards exchanged glances with each other before one of them coughed, bringing the attention of the mage.

"I, um, hate to break it to yuh, Tejjun, but recruitment day is today."

Tejjun stopped in his tracks, mind racing as he processed the information. He then started sprinting into the castle, using a blink spell to quicken his pace.

"I should have known today was such an important day, it's the first time those oafs listened to a word I said."

~~~~~~

Chapter 1: Recruitment is Nerve Wracking

~~~~~~

Alys awoke, shielding her eyes from the sunbeams emitting from the nearby window. She rolled out of bed, getting out of her nightdress and slipping on a short, intricate dress she had laid on the bed frame. Last night Alys had prepared, after all, today was the most important one of her life. She was to become a knight.

Or, at least, that's what Alys hoped for. She wasn't very tall, even for a girl, and the only sword she could wield was a rapier. When Alys thought about it, she wasn't really fit to be a knight, but she was determined. Alys' father, arguably the best blacksmith in Caryinea, became a blacksmith after becoming a well-known freelance knight for years. A few of his competitors called him a sell-sword, but Alys knew otherwise. Either way, there was no arguing that her father was well-known. Alys simply wanted to prove herself as being a worthy daughter of a man many strive to be. She looked at the silver mirror she had, making sure her long brown hair was in order.

Alys walked out of her room, seeing bread and a knife sitting on the table. On closer inspection, it wasn't just any normal knife, it was a steel dagger, one with a black shimmer to it.

"A raven-steel dagger, and one with my name on the blade." Alys noted. Seeing a note on the table, Alys picked it up.

The note read, "Whether or not you are recruited, here is a dagger I made especially for you. I forged it from the purest deposit near Ravensteel castle. Remember, if you aren't recruited, I'll take you as an apprentice blacksmith, and I know you have the potential to forge the best swords, even if you can't swing them all. Best of luck, your father."

Alys' cheeks burned at the mention of her inability to wield most weapons. Alys simply assumed she could eventually build up the muscle to wield two-handed weapons, yet her father's doubting words didn't help. Cutting a slice from the loaf of bread, Alys angrily munched on the slice, found the sheath to her dagger nearby, and grabbed a belt from her room, strapping the dagger around her waist. "I need to sew a sheath into all of my dresses if I'm to keep this dagger." Alys thought.

Alys put on some boots before walking outside. She saw her friend Maria outside, waiting on her porch. Maria was messing with a strand of her blonde hair before she noticed Alys.

"I thought you'd never wake up, Alys. I was waiting outside for our recruitment."

She soon noticed the belt wrapped around Alys' dress. "Ooooh, is that a dagger?" Maria asked, pointing to the sheathed weapon.

"Aye." Alys answered before unsheathing it, showing it off. "My father made it for me, isn't it the best?"

Maria nodded. "You're so lucky, my parents own the nearby inn, and they won't even let me sing for tips there!"

"That reminds me." Alys said. "Aren't you trying to recruit yourself as a bard?"

"Aye, but everyone looks for apprentices today, and I will become a bard, you watch!"

Alys noticed that a few other people were heading towards the training yard where recruitment was to take place. Alys' heart beat faster. "What if I'm not chosen?" She thought. To her, it used to be incomprehensible, yet with recruitment being today, it seemed like the most likely outcome to occur. Reaching the training grounds, the two girls saw a collection of teachers and to-be-apprentices.

"I wonder where we wait." Alys asked.

"I assume we're about to find out." Maria replied, pointing to a man clad in armor. It shimmered black, and the man wearing it had taken the helmet off. The armor had so many scratches and chips in it that it was made very clear it had seen more than a fair share of battles.

"Is that-"

"Aye, Lord Walter is apparently in command of this. Unusual for a nobleman of his rank, but it is his fief."

A hush fell upon the crowd as Lord Walter raised his sword. The sword caught the light, and the blade seemed to be well oiled to prevent rusting. Noticing he had their attention, Walter spun his sword before pointing to the the different teachers, listing off their professions.

"These men and women will be recruiting whoever they deem ready and willing to have their own profession." Walter shouted over the crowd. "If you don't get the profession you want, try another teacher. Who knows, you may have wanted to cook and realized the sword and shield are calling you more than the oven." With that, Lord Walter sheathed his sword and extended his arm to the side, gesturing everyone to talk with the trainers.

"Well, I'll be heading to Elicia, wish me luck!" Maria told Alys, who glanced towards Lord Walter. Lord Walter said that he was to recruit those wishing to be knights, much to the chagrin of the knight originally told to recruit. Since there were plenty of people wanting to be soldiers, two lines were formed, and the knight still helped recruit. Yet, he noted with frustration, his line was shorter.

"I'll follow you." Alys told Maria. "My line is rather long."

Maria smiled back. "Well, I hope you enjoy the show."

Maria walked up to Elicia. Elicia had long green hair, and she wore a red cloak around her red dress. The two girls noticed that the last person she was with was rocking forward and back beside a wall.

"What happened with her?" Maria asked. Elicia simply chuckled.

"Stage fright, but I can tell she has potential, so I recruited her." She then pointed to Alys and Maria. "You two a duet?"

While Alys backed up, stammering, Maria quickly cut in. "She's just waiting for her teacher to free up, I'm here to become a bard."

Elicia lifted up a lute that was lying beside her, "Then you've come to the right person. Best bard in the world, I call myself. I'm not aware of too many people calling me that, but that's besides the point." She strummed a few chords to a common tune before saying, "Know any songs in particular?"

"I know quite a few, why not start playing one and I'll jump in if I know it."

Elicia seemed hesitant at first, but shrugged and started playing a rather common folk song. Maria waited a few measures before jumping in, practically putting Alys in a trance. It was as if the song of lost love was etching itself in her soul with the way Maria was singing, and even Elicia seemed to be affected, tripping up on one of the chords. When the song finally ended, Elicia waited a moment before saying, "Well, apprentice, meet me at my quarters tomorrow. Here is a written piece of parchment that gets you into the castle, and on the back are instructions to my room."

Maria was ecstatic, and hugged her teacher before backing away, apologizing and thanking her at the same time. Elicia held up a hand to stop the barrage of emotions radiating from Maria.

"So, you're a fantastic singer, but can you play a lute?"

Maria looked away. "Well, I'm not the best, but I'm willing to learn."

Elicia nodded twice before asking one more question. "So, how good are you at fighting with daggers?"

Maria was caught off guard, saying a feeble, "I don't know any song called 'Fighting with Daggers'..."

Elicia pulled out two concealed knives from her dress, saying, "I mean these pointy things, not a ballad."

Maria looked around, wondering if this was some sort of joke. She carefully said her next words. "I... don't quite know what you mean."

"I mean what I'm saying. We have plenty of bards, but we need more spies, and a spy that can sing isn't always thought of as a spy."

"I-I..." Maria stammered. Elicia simply shrugged.

"Take your time to think about it, we can talk tomorrow."

"Wait." Alys said. "You are aware you just told me you're a spy, right?"

Elicia raised an eyebrow in response. "Did I?"

"You just said 'we need more spies'."

"But just because our kingdom needs more spies, how does that make me a spy?"

"B-because you just tried recruiting my friend as a spy!"

"But does that mean I'm a spy?"

Alys was absolutely speechless, no longer able to comprehend what she had just been talking about. She finally replied, "I guess not. I... I'll go see if I can get recruited before you confuse me even further."

Elicia smiled, waving a goodbye. Alys simply turned away, trying to find Lord Walter. The two lines had shrunk from the last time she checked, and upon entering the line in front of Lord Walter, the knight beside him audibly grumbled. It was mostly simple drills that the recruits were going through, so it wasn't anything too difficult or that would take much time. Even still, the line was thinning at a rather slow rate. While Alys waited in line, she started to notice something; most of the people trying to be recruited were male. This wasn't very surprising as most well-known female knights in Caryinea were infamous. With so many female knights having an evil reputation surrounding them, most girls were reluctant to be recruited. But if a girl were to have a famous father, she would have nothing to worry about.

Except, maybe if they weren't that strong, or not very tall... Alys shook her head. She was in line, so there was no turning back now. Before Alys even realized it, it was her turn, and Lord Walter seemed a little surprised at seeing Alys.

"My, have you grown since last I saw you, Alys." Lord Walter said, his hand extended.

Alys smiled and shook his hand. "Aye, last time I saw you was when my father retired from being a freelance."

Walter nodded, looking off into the distance as if he could see the past. "Ah, yes, we even clashed swords a couple times, and the last few times were a little embarrassing for me." A smirk formed on his face. "Heh, it was so embarrassing I asked him to be in my personal guard, but he had other plans. Said he had a dragon to tame at home."

Walter laughed as Alys' cheeks turned red in embarrassment, and despite her protest of not being a dragon, she was rather enjoying the conversation. When Walter finally calmed down, he picked up two drill swords, handing one to Alys.

"Well, let's see how good you are."

When Alys grabbed the sword from Walter, she almost dropped the sword as its weight caught her off guard.

"It's a little heavy..." Alys said, struggling to keep the tip pointed upward.

Walter had a concerned look on his face. "Aye, it should, that's weighted to be a little less than the weight of our real swords." Noticing the tip dipping every few seconds, Walter decided to hurry up with the training. "Try a slash, any direction is fine."

Alys complied, and was left slightly off balance after her swing, unable to entirely cope with the weight. Walter frowned, but continued. "Now try a stab."

Alys thrust her sword forward, but the heavy drill sword caused her to fall forward. Her cheeks burned as those who watched the poor display chuckled. Walter quickly hushed them with a glare, yet Alys could already feel tears forming in her eyes as she pulled her legs up into her arms. Walter, sitting next to Alys, put his arm around her.

"I know you must have tried to gain some muscle for this training, but I can't give you a lighter sword, it's just too fragile in combat. Why don't you try being a blacksmith instead, I heard you're great at th-"

"I don't want to be a blacksmith!" Alys interrupted, catching him mid-sentence. "I want to fight, to prove I have guts and courage and honor like my father..."

Walter sighed, dreading the words he had to say. "Well, I hate to say this, but... I can't accept you."

Alys sniffed, nodding before Walter helped her up. She walked dejectedly to a nearby bench, placing her head in her hands. "Why was I cursed with such a frail, weak body?" Alys thought to herself, trying to cope with what just happened.

"Why are you so sad?" a voice beside her asked. Alys quickly turned around, noticing a man in a long-sleeved robe. It obscured his face from view, and his robes were black, with an intricate, dark blue pattern on it.

"What do you want?" Alys said curtly. The man simply looked away and sighed.

"Why doesn't anybody trust a mage." He mumbled to himself before turning to face Alys once again. "You know, I noticed you were down and tried to be nice."

Alys looked away. "I don't need a stranger's pity."

"Even if this stranger heard your conversation with Lord Walter?"

Alys' face once again turned crimson. "W-wipe that out of your mind, o-or I'll-"

"Or you'll what, stab the lead mage of Ravensteel with a knife which, I assume, would ironically be made out of raven-steel?"

Alys looked at Tejjun, understanding dawning on her face. "You're a sorcerer?"

Tejjun threw up his arms in frustration. "Must everyone say that word? Mage is more accurate and is easier to roll off the tongue!"

"I'm sorry, I didn't know that it was such a... heavy word."

"Nobody ever knows." Tejjun grumbled. Coughing, Tejjun regained his composure. "Anyways, I wanted to ask you something."

"What is it?"

"Would you want to be my apprentice?"

Alys instantly hopped up from the bench. "You want to make me a knight?"

"Aye- wait, what? No!"

"Then what are you asking?"

"Maybe this was a bad idea." Tejjun thought to himself. "I'm a mage, so I'd be training you as a mage, not some spear wielding-"

"Knights use swords-"

"Must everyone correct me!" Tejjun shouted. After the few seconds of silence, he continued. "...The point is you'll be a mage, so do you want to or not?"

Alys thought it over. If she denied the request, what else could she do other than blacksmith? She knew archers were usually not freelance, often being a defending and attacking force. She didn't know how to sing, play an instrument, cook, or even take care of horses.

"I... will."

"Good, then here is a piece of parchment that should get you into the castle."

"What do you mean by 'should'?"

"Well, if the oafs at the front gate can read, they might not let you in."

"Why not?"

"Even if they can read, I doubt they could read my name." Tejjun got up from his bench, dusting off his robes. before heading towards the castle.

"Wait, I have one more question!" Alys called over, and Tejjun turned around.

"What is it?"

"Don't I have to be born to a sorcerer to become one?" Alys couldn't help laughing at the angry words that came in reply.

~~~~~~~~~~~

"Hmmmm... I still can't seem to make it out."

"Me neither, but it does say it grants her access to the castle, so it must be true."

"Aye, let's just let her in."

The two guards that had poured over the piece of parchment for a half hour handed Alys her note back, and the two stepped aside. Alys sighed. "And I thought Tejjun was joking." She thought, walking into the castle walls. On the opposite side of the wall, men and women were up and about, continuing with their day to day lives. It was a very busy place, and a large tavern proved just how many people it catered to. Alys had to step out of the way as a cart full of supplies went by, almost colliding with her. Brushing off the dress she was wearing, Alys proceeded to shout a very unladylike word to the cart driver.

"And after I took the time to pick out this dress." Alys grumbled. She checked to make sure the sheath she had sewn into her red dress had survived, and the stitching seemed to have held. "I guess I could have become a tailor." She thought absentmindedly.

Looking around, she noticed a large stone building with black steel doors. "That must be the place." Alys said, approaching it. Getting closer, she could see that there were a huge amount of stairs that led up to the entrance, most likely used to give the defenders a small height advantage. The door had two guards with spears, and looking up, she realized that sentries were posted on the walls. The thing that struck her as odd was the fact that there were no torch sconces on the outside of the building. Thinking about it, she realized that torches would ruin the defender's night vision, possibly making it more difficult to see an intruder. Alys decided she was making herself look suspicious from her careful observation, so she proceeded to the entrance.

"Halt." The two guards boomed in unison.

"State your business." The one on the left asked.

"I have a pass to let me in to see Tejjun, I'm his new apprentice."

"Ah, yes, no need to show us, Tejjun told us to let you in to his room right away." The guard on the right said, and the two opened the doors.

Alys looked at the directions that were scribbled on the back of the parchment before heading to the top of a spire, one of the tallest the castle had. Reaching the top, she saw a metal door. Knocking on it, the door swung open.

"Come in." Came the voice of Tejjun, who could be seen looking over the balcony of the tower. His hood was down, and his black hair was messy, as if it had been blown by a gale and he'd chosen not to brush it afterwards. He had a small beard which, to Alys, looked more like Tejjun accepted that it would grow than wanting it there. All of his hair at the ends, despite how black his hair was, looked like it was singed off, as if Tejjun didn't feel it worth the trip to go find a barber in this castle whenever his hair got too long. Walking up beside him, Alys peered down, seeing the grandeur of the castle.

"Wow, what a great room! Didja get this from doing something special?" Alys asked, and Tejjun chuckled.

"I guess you could say that. Lord Walter thought it best I'm at the tallest tower we have, that way if one of my spells goes wrong, there's less to repair."

"What if it's such a powerful spell that the entire tower collapses?"

"I think that thought is the reason I don't cast very dangerous spells up here."

Tejjun turned around to see the door to his room was swinging on its hinges freely. "Well, I know you're definitely not nobility, you left my door open." Tejjun said, moving his hand forward and then to the side. The door slammed shut, and Alys jumped in surprise.

"What, you've never seen magic before?" Tejjun asked, walking into his room.

Alys shook her head. "You're the only mage I know." Alys looked around the room, taking in the surroundings. All of the doors were made of raven-steel, and the walls and floor, while ornately decorated, showed signs that layers of the black steel were placed to keep any magic mostly contained. Despite the hints of steel showing, the room looked more like the room of some nobleman than the room of a mage. Paintings hung from the wall and a giant red rug encompassed the entire floor. The paintings in question seemed to shimmer, as if they were simply conjured. The walls they hung on had a thin layer of white paint to counter the black steel that lined the walls. Two chests were against a wall, and they were both made of black steel.

A fireplace was placed across from the balcony, and the center of the room contained a table with two chairs. While they were made of raven-steel, the chairs had cushioning on the seat and back. The table itself was the ugliest part of the room, being charred from what Alys assumed were a bunch of failed spells. Three doors that Alys hadn't taken notice of until now were left open, two of which being bedrooms. The beds were made and looked much comfier than the one Alys had at home. Each room had two wardrobes against the walls and a footlocker at the end of each bed. The last door contained a bath and a chamber pot.

Alys tilted her head in confusion. "How do you empty a chamber pot from all the way up here? Wouldn't it be a pain?"

"Actually, it's as simple as can be, I had it enchanted, and now it teleports any waste to the castle of Ugredia. I don't know where in the castle, but does it really matter?" Alys chuckled in response.

"I wonder, could you transport spells wit-"

"I already tried that, only waste. I attempted to blow up the king of Ugredia, Yungora, with an explosive spell by sending it through."

"I'm guessing it didn't go well?"

"Actually, it was the best decision I ever made!"

"But I didn't hear of any explosion in Ugredia castle."

"What about the explosion at this castle?"

"Yeah, I heard it destroyed half..." Alys paused, smiling. "You didn't..."

"I did, blew up half the castle and got this place specially made so it would never happen again, isn't it amazing?" The two laughed, sitting down.

"How did you survive?"

"When I got ready to cast the spell, I equipped the heaviest raven-steel armor I could find. Brand-new too. It was so dented and scratched up afterwords that I'm surprised I wasn't killed."

"From the explosion?"

"Nope, from Lord Walter! He chased me with his sword for an entire day before the guards could stop him!" They both howled in laughter, Alys almost falling out of her chair.

"I saw him yesterday and his armor looked like it saw a hundred battles!"

"It might as well have, that's what Walter tells everyone!"

After one more laugh, the two finally calmed down, both of which wiping away tears.

"I have more stories to tell, but I'll leave those for another time. Now you told me you never saw a mage before today, is that correct?"

"Aye, only heard stories."

"Well, you might as well forget what you heard, I'm going to tell you the basics. Anyone with a high enough concentration can cast a spell, they just have to have determination to learn, and the intelligence to keep learning. In other words, the eggheads that guard the front gate to the castle wouldn't be able to bend a spoon if they tried... I take that back, their way of trying is by grabbing both ends with their hands and pushing their thumbs in the middle as their hands pulled back." As Tejjun was talking, he pulled out two water flasks and a candle.

"But none of those are a spoon." Alys pointed out.

Tejjun rolled his eyes towards the ceiling. "Well, bending metals takes a little bit more effort than what I'm about to do, so watch."

Placing the candle upright, Tejjun took one of the flasks and drank from it before sitting down. Staring at the candle, he pointed his hand at it, palm facing downwards, before turning his hand halfway around. The wick quickly glowed to life before an entire flame was formed. After a few seconds, Tejjun blew out the candle and a thin trail of smoke headed towards the ceiling.

"Wow, how did you do that?"

"Well I- I said watch, did you see my hand gesture?"

"Yeah, you kinda pointed at it like this," Alys stuck out her hand, miming the pose. "...and turned it like this."

"Yes, but you forgot the most crucial part."

"And what was that?"

Tejjun lifted the water flask. "I drank some water."

Alys blinked a few times, registering what he just told her. "You drank..."

"...some water, yes."

"..."

"..."

"...HOW IS THAT SUPPOSED TO MAKE A DIFFERENCE?!" Alys screamed, sending Tejjun to the floor.

Righting his chair, Tejjun dusted himself off before sitting back down. "Well, in order to conjure, you use up water you drank as energy. If you have insufficient water, your spells are more likely to fizzle out, and those you do cast could very well kill you from thirst."

"So by staying hydrated, I'm actually able to be a sorcerer?"

"Well, technically, yes, but there are more rules to it. First off, when you mimicked my hand motion, why didn't the candle light up once again?"

"Because I haven't been staying hydrated?"

Tejjun slapped his face. "Forget the stupid water for a second! Why do you think the spell didn't cast?"

Alys sat there, thinking. "Did I have to say some words or something?"

"But I didn't say anything."

"Was I not supposed to have said anything?"

"Jeez..." Tejjun thought the answer was so simple that she should have guessed it on her first try. "think."

"I was supposed to think?"

"Yes."

"...THIS MAKES LESS SENSE THAN THE WATER!" Alys shouted, this time Tejjun was prepared and didn't fall over.

"I said earlier, it requires concentration, you have to think of what you are going to cast before you do." Tejjun handed Alys a water flask. She drank from it, noticing a niggling feeling from down below, but ignored it for now. Trying to imagine the flame in her head, Alys thought she was ready to cast the spell. Pointing her hand forward, she turned it, getting nothing.

"Don't worry, it takes time, although at first you might need a lot more water than you're used to for it to work. Go ahead, drink some more."

Being the impatient type, Alys drank the whole thing in one go.

Tejjun shook his head. "This is why I keep tons of extra water up here, you'll just drink through it as if it's wine."

Tejjun would refill Alys' flask and Alys would try to cast the flame, but nothing would work.

Jiggling her legs, the pressure was slowly but surely building in between. Finally, a fizzing noise came from the tips of her finger.

"D-did I just cast a spell?"

"Almost, but it fizzled out. Give it one more try."

Trying her best, Alys concentrated, palm facing downwards. She was thinking of the flame she was to instantly form on the candle. Suddenly, her bladder leaked, and Alys squeaked as her left hand shot downwards, yet her right hand had open up entirely, palm facing down.

Realizing just in time what was going on, Tejjun ducked under the table, and Alys' hand sprayed a flamethrower down at the table. The force of it shot her hand up, spraying the wall in front of her with fire. Closing her hand, Alys stopped the torrent of fire from being cast from her hand and stuck both hands against her dress.

"S-sorry. I really have to pee, and I kinda... yeah."

Tejjun got out from under the table, looking at the entirely melted candle. "Jeez, you know how expensive candles are?"

"S-s-sorry." Alys replied meekly. Tejjun sighed, pointing to a door behind him.

"You might as well empty yourself in there, that way we don't get another flamethrower."

Alys nodded before quickly standing up, rushing to the bathroom.

A few minutes later, Alys came out, relieved. She sat back in her chair.

"You know, you could have just told me it was getting cold in here and I would have lit the fire for you." Tejjun said, pointing behind him at the lit fireplace."

Alys smirked at the joke. "Well, you had me so concentrated on lighting the candle, I decided to kill two birds with one fire spell."

Hearing a knocking sound from the entrance to the room, Tejjun opened the door with the swing of his hand. A black-haired girl carrying a tray of food jumped, almost dropping it on the floor. She was wearing a maid outfit, and from her constantly darting gaze, she was afraid someone or multiple people she knew would see her. Looking around the room, the girl's gaze settled on Alys and her face turned a shade of red as she trembled.

"Ah, you're the new servant, sorry to scare you like that. What's your name?"

The girl looked at the food, as if her name was in it. "A...Anna." The servant said in a whisper. Alys looked at the girl, feeling as though she knew her.

Tejjun stood up, walking to the girl. "Sorry, I couldn't hear you. What was that?"

The servant looked away, trying to hide herself from sight. Handing the tray to Tejjun, she whispered her name before quickly running away.

"I wonder what that was about." Tejjun said, closing the door and putting the food on the table.

"Did you happen to catch her name?"

"Yeah, she said it was Anna."

Alys now realized who the person was. "She lives near me, Anna always wanted to be a cook, but was reluctant because training as a chef meant having to serve the castle occupants for the first few months before cooking for a few. Those who want to stay servants stay and learn that, and those that are able to cook cook. Sometimes A noble will hire a maid that does both, which is why the training is clumped together like that. She's the shyest person I know, and I bet that dress isn't helping matters."

"I can tell, the poor girl almost fell down the steps trying to avoid being seen by you."

The two started eating their food, yet something was on Alys' mind. "Why did I cast a flamethrower spell anyways?"

Tejjun seemed reluctant to answer, yet he said, "Well, you know how I said water is used up to cast magic?"

"Yeah, what of it?"

"Well, it's instantly converted... into pee."

Alys stared directly at Tejjun, who raised up his hand. "I swear I'm telling you the truth. It's embarrassing, but it's true."

"And what's this have to do with the flamethrower?"

"Well, you know how you had to pee?"

"...yeah."

"Well, you finally were about to cast the spell, but since you thought of a torrent of... whatever... you cast a torrent of fire."

Alys' face was red in embarrassment, yet she nodded. Finishing up their meal, Tejjun handed Alys her water flask back.

"Ready to try that spell again, this time without a flamethrower?"

Alys reached for the water but stopped short. Finally making up her mind, she took the water flask. "What the heck, sure."

*004*2015-01-09 06:50

Thanks for the comments everyone, I'll post chapter 2 on the Wednesday after next. I'm going to start posting chapters for my stories every two weeks, and if I have a short story I'll probably post it inbetween. This schedule is so I don't end up rushing and just spitting out an un-finished work.

*006*2015-01-15 07:13

Thanks, Dragon, and I'll definitely be writing more.

I have it on my profile, but I might as well have it on somewhere where more people will see it, I will post story chapters every other Wednesday. So, chapter two is next week.

*007*2015-01-22 01:56

~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 2: Bard Class is the Best Class!

~~~~~~~~~~

Maria had taken a different path than Alys that day. Instead of heading up a tower for her training, Maria had to take a slight detour. Opening the door to the room in question, Maria couldn't help but look up; the ceiling was higher here than other parts of the castle, and the windows it had were purely decoration. If Maria didn't know better, she would have mistook the room for a chapel, if not a small one. Looking around the room some more, she noticed a couple benches were present, but only a few, and they angled to face a desk and chair that, guessing from the size and materials, could be moved to the side with ease.

Walking forward, her boots clopped loudly on the cobbles before she finally reached the nearest bench. All of the furniture was placed on a circular rug. It didn't extend too far, and seemed rather small in comparison with the room, even if the room wasn't necessarily large, just tall. Looking at the desk, Maria saw three lutes placed atop it. One was wooden, and from closer inspection, it was in much distress. The wood looked as if it were chipped in every place imaginable, even on the inside somehow.

Plucking at a string, a dull note emitted from it, way flatter than it should with how taught the string was. Looking at the other lutes, they were both made out of raven-steel, and they had this fiefs name engraved on the inside in red. She assumed some form of paint was used to color in the engraved name, as it was a rather odd sight to see dark red letters on a lute. The two were works of art, each with a different design on it. Plucking the string of one of them, a perfectly tuned C sounded, a stark comparison to the wooden lute.

"You know musicians don't appreciate others touching their instruments." A commanding voice called from behind Maria, making her jump. Spinning on her heels to see who it was, Maria slipped, colliding with the table. She toppled to the ground, landing on her butt. Rubbing her injured rump, Maria looked up, and the green haired Elicia had her hand out. Grasping it, she was heaved up to her feet, and Maria dusted her clothes off the best she could.

"Lesson number one and two, don't touch someone else's musical instrument unless allowed to do so, and don't be clumsy." Maria frowned at the jab at her.

"Well, I'm surprised this rug was so easy to slip on."

"Don't expect everything to be as you expect at first glance."

Maria nodded. "Words to live by."

"Or die by." Elicia replied, bringing a darker tone to the room. Maria glanced to the lutes on the table and back at her teacher.

Pointing, she asked, "May I?"

Elicia smiled, handing her one of the black steel lutes. "Sure." Maria cradled it in her hands and spun the lute around, taken in by its craftsmanship. It felt as though it weighed only slightly more than the wooden lute placed before her, and without the comparison, she would have simply assumed it was rather light for a lute made of black steel.

"Who made this?"

"I'm not at liberty to say."

Glancing at her teacher, Maria shrugged. Placing it down and lifting the other lute, she realized this second one weighed more. The metal didn't look any thicker, and to her both lutes might as well have been this heavy. Looking inside, she realized it displayed more light than normal, and comparing with the other, it wasn't that it let in more light; the second lute simply had a little less room in it. Plucking at it, the second lute sounded just like the other, and its shape was largely unaltered. She did notice the strings and neck were a slightly different length, as if to compensate for the slightly shallow interior. Putting the lute back down, Maria looked at her teacher, a question on her face.

"So you asked yesterday if I wanted to be a... spy... and I decided I might want to know a little more before I decide."

Elicia smiled, as if she expected the question. "Well, you'll learn how to sneak up on people like I just did, even though I'm wearing boots." Elicia said, pointing to her feet. "One more thing before I refuse to tell you any more unless you accept, you will be going from fief to fief as a traveling agent, gathering information for our king. You will also travel to other kingdoms, but always in the guise as a travelling minstrel."

Elicia, letting Maria think upon her words, moved her hand forward. "So, what will it be?"

Maria seemed reluctant to make up her mind so quickly, but seeing the outstretched hand, her heart raced. By shaking that hand, not only was she able to play music to her hearts content, making a living off of it, but she also was to live a life of excitement, of intrigue, and of honor to her kingdom. With such compelling reasons, Maria grasped Elicia's hand, shaking it once and saying "I'll join."

Elicia's smile widened. "Then I guess it's settled, you will start training as a cloak and dagger starting today, and your training as a Bard will be mixed in. I can't have your talents getting rusty, right?"

Looking over Maria one last time, she walked to the entrance of the room, opening it. "You can come back in now." Elicia called, and the girl from yesterday walked behind her. From closer inspection, the girl was almost as small as Alys, and her hair was the same brown. Her hair, however, was cut short, and the eyes were a solid blue instead of the preternatural green and blue mixture that seemed to change on a daily basis.

"So, did you accept as well?" The girl asked Maria when she finally reached her.

"Aye. By the way, my name's Maria, and you're...?" Maria asked, leaving the question hanging.

Taking a little longer than normal to reply, the girl gave out a rushed "Sarah, I'm Sarah."

Looking between the two girls, Elicia clapped her hands together, attracting the attention of the two. "Well, let's get started, shall we?"

Elicia approached the table, pointing to the two lutes. "I had the wooden lute on the table so you two could get a comparison of it with the two other lutes, it's a little obvious I don't take care of it. As you both probably know, while forging instruments out of raven-steel is uncommon in many other fiefs, it's a symbol of status to own one. Almost all of the raven-steel lutes are made in this fief, so having one doesn't necessarily mean you're from this fief. On the other hand, it just means you have enough money to own one." Lifting up the lighter of the two, she strummed a quick tune before holding it by the neck. "This one is a rather light lute. I'll give it to you, Sarah, but first you might find this interesting." Thumbing at a part of the lute, she pulled a hidden catch before two blades jutted out of the sides, surprising the two girls.

"Are those... axe blades?" Sarah asked, leaning forward to get a better look. The blades had holes strategically cut out of it to save weight without sacrificing durability.

"They are, and they lock in place as soon as that catch I showed you is used. You can fold it back in like this..." Elicia said, demonstrating the method. "...and then it's back to a simple lute."

"That's amazing!" Maria said, impressed with the creativity of it all. Handing the lighter lute to Sarah, Elicia pointed to the second lute.

"This lute is one of my favorites. I have my own that's a bit heavier, but this one is yours Maria." Elicia lifted it up before pulling the clasp on it. This time, the two blades that came out looked more traditional, and the blade itself seemed thicker. It still had holes in it to save weight, but they were further from the center.

"We have found out that the holes seem to help the axe not get stuck when cutting. This does sacrifice the weight needed for a powerful axe swing, so yours is thickened to compensate for that. You won't feel much of a difference with yours compared with a real axe, but it does get stuck less often." She demonstrated how to close the blades on the lute before handing it to Maria. Looking at it carefully, she could barely tell there were axe blades concealed in it. Looking inside it once again, Maria noticed that the blades were the reason the inside looked more shallow than normal. The holes in the blades couldn't be seen unless she placed a candle inside it, and nobody would do that. Ejecting the blades once again, Maria held it by the neck, feeling the balance.

"We have these specially made by two of the best blacksmiths in Ravensteel fief, they're great at hiding their constructions from prying eyes. The two you're both holding are made by one and assembled and decorated by another." Elicia pulled a third lute from her desk, and while it seemed a little scratched up, the scratches were in places that wouldn't harm the instrument.

"I have a question." Sarah asked. "Why are there dark red letters on the blades?"

Elicia's smile turned wicked. "That's from testing."

"Of what kind?"

"Of the killing kind." Elicia said, shocking her apprentices. Maria took a step back.

"B-but doesn't blood dry brown? Why is the text red?"

"Well, after a raven-steel blade is finished, they usually aren't engraved. Those that are tend to collect blood. While it does wash out, the red color will stick."

"So if you don't mind me asking," Maria said. "who were killed by these blades?"

Elicia grew confused before smiling once more, laughing it off. "They weren't used on humans, they were just used to get some meat and hide from some cattle!" She pointed to the red name. "We try to color it ahead of time, that way if you show people your lute before killing someone with it, they won't notice the change in color." Elicia realized something else, pointing to her red cloak, red dress, and then finally pointing to her black boots. "To hide any blood, we wear the red cloak and short, red dress. The dress is kept very short so it doesn't get caught on lose nails or the such, and we can easily run in it if we ever need to. The reverse side of the cloak..."

Elicia showed the side that faced into her dress. "...is black, so we can hide at nighttime more easily. It's longer than the dress as well. Finally, while red boots don't exist, black leather boots do, so we get those instead. They're less of a give away at night as well." Spinning around to show the girls, she pointed to the door. "I'll be back in a moment, We have a tailor that specially makes our clothes, that way you'll get clothes that are very durable. We'll teach you a little needlework just in case it rips and you can't get to a tailor, but otherwise you really wouldn't need to worry."

Elicia walked away, the only sound she was making was a faint humming. When the door closed behind her, Maria and Sarah decided to take their seats. "So, did you sing in front of Elicia yet?" Maria asked. Sarah gave her a nervous smile. "Not yet, even when we're the only two in a room, it seems like I can't even talk without tumbling over the first syllable." Maria giggled, and Sarah blushed in response. "D-don't laugh!"

"Sorry, I just never heard of a bard that couldn't even say what song they were playing."

"W-well, at least I can play the lute, how about you?"

It was Maria's turn to blush now. "I'll have you know, I've played a little before I asked to be an apprentice!"

The two quickly silenced as the door behind them swung open, admitting Elicia and a new woman. The woman must have been the tailor, and from the looks of things, she was rather wealthy. Her dress had so many symbols and patterns that it was absolutely gaudy. "​She may be a good tailor, but she has awful fashion sense." Maria thought. The tailor seemed to have a distant look in her eyes, as if she were deep in thought. Elicia was carrying a box, which most likely contained fabric, thread, needles, and other sewing supplies. When the tailor spoke, her voice was so high pitched it made Maria flinch. "Aw, yes, I'm a genius." She said. Sarah was the first to respond.

"What do you mean, Lady..."

"Lady Lunet, a famous tailor. I'm the lady who met the requirements without failure." Her rhyming tone barely seemed forced, as if she had been talking in rhyme since birth. Like some sort of play, Lady Lunet had been making gestures as she talked. With only a short pause, she continued without faltering. "I was told that you two required a dress, you also need ones with finesse." Maria wasn't one to enjoy rhyming, so the whole conversation was a headache. Bowing, Lunet continued. "While I am at your command, I've already made the clothes you demand. We already have your measurements, don't ask how we got them, I crafted these clothes with expertness, I insist both of you to try them." Lunet spun around, grabbing the box as she continued spinning, stopping only when she faced the two girls once again. Opening the box, one side had a note labeled 'Sarah' and on the other labeled 'Maria'. The two girls picked out the clothes, holding them up to their body to check the fit.

"Try them on." Elicia said, and Sarah instantly protested.

"What are you saying!? I'm not stripping in front of anyone!"

"But Lunet insists to make sure everything is in order."

"T-then get a screen or something; unlike some of you, I have dignity."

Lady Lunet giggled before shuffling her hands through the box, unfolding the entire thing. "I knew you would want a screen, so made the box one. There's no need to be mean, you can use this one." The box had unfolded into multiple poles connected by cloth, and the cloth barely let any light through. Grabbing it, Sarah quickly went to a corner of the room before hiding behind it, quickly changing. When she walked out, the signature red cloak and dress seemed to fit her perfectly. Maria also got changed, noticing how it fit loosely, yet it was obvious that, if it were any smaller, it would be too tight. The cloak, upon draping over her shoulders, seemed to weigh down more than it should. Walking out from behind the screen, she realized that her new boots made less noise than her old ones.

"These clothes are beautiful!" Sarah said, spinning around on the spot.

Lunet chuckled. "I make sure the clothes are elegant and versatile, it's made for the court and for the bar. The cloak conceals raven-steel chainmail, the cloak will make sure you do not scar." Pointing to the backs of the boots, inside the sleeves, and finally the sides of her dress partially concealed by the cloak, Lunet ended the conversation with, "One last thing before I take my leave. There are daggers in your boots and your sleeves. There are also daggers hidden on your side, so if someone searches you, you have more that you hide." Maria checked the aforementioned places, and she had two heavy daggers on her side, with lighter ones in her boots, and then even lighter ones in her sleeves. Between the daggers and the lute-axe, Maria felt like she was a walking weapon. Maria was actually rather glad about that, feeling much safer with seven weapons on her person. By the time she looked in front of her once again, the lady had left the room, even taking her box/screen with her.

"Now that she knows they fit perfectly, Lady Lunet will make a couple of sets for the both of you." Elicia said before walking in front of the girls. "Anyways, since we talked a lot about weapons, let's go to more... 'bard-like' aspects. Sarah, let's start with you."

Maria could see Sarah stiffen up. "M-m-me?"

"Yes, you. Sing a song, any song!"

As terrified as Sarah was, she wouldn't get to sing the song, for a knock at the door stole Elicia's attention. "Well, I guess that's the servant here to bring us food." Sarah heaved a sigh of relief, yet Elicia turned around, stating, "You'll sing right after we eat, so don't stop worrying just yet."

Walking to the door, Elicia made no sound, and upon reaching the door, opened it quickly. The black-haired girl stepped back, glad she wasn't startled to the point of dropping the large tray.

"Oh, hello, Anna."

"Wha... I... H-how did you know my name?" Anna asked, trying to look past Elicia.

Elicia leaned to the side, keeping Anna from looking behind her. Elicia grabbed the tray from Anna's hands. "A bard should know everyone's name. Anyways, why are you trying to peek at my new recruits?"

Anna blushed, covering her face. "I... I just wanted to know who got picked as bards this year. I'm so sorry for being so nosy..."

Elicia's smile melted away Anna's worried expression. "Well, why not look for yourself?" She gestured for Anna to come in. Approaching the table, Anna looked over Sarah, feeling jealous about the dress's design.

"Y-you know, maid outfits look pretty, too." Anna said, trying to make herself feel better.

"It does look rather good on you." Maria put in, and Anna's eyes widened.

Spinning around and confirming in an instant who it was, Anna instantly started blathering nonstop. "M-Maria! This isn't my... I mean, I'm only- no... I... Servants have to wear this, and-"

"Calm down, it's just me. There's nothing wrong with being a servant, it's mandatory for the first few months anyway." Anna had calmed down, but she was still shaking. "If it makes you feel any better, it looks cute on you." Maria told her, and Anna blushed in return.

"T-thanks..."

An explosion shook the ground, and, like a startled rabbit, Anna bolted from the room. "Wait!" Maria called back, but it was too late. Anna had already left.

"She's a shy one." Elicia said, putting the tray of food on the table. "But I do wonder what that explosion was."

~~~~~~

Anna was halfway down the hall before she stopped running.

"That was so embarrassing, I can't believe I was assigned two of my best friends, and I'll be serving them every month in this." Anna said to herself, gesturing to her uniform. She heaved a sigh. "Okay, so back to the kitchen to get one last tray of food, it goes t-" Anna froze, her mind racing. Sure, it was a huge honor to do what she was about to do next, but Anna didn't dare. After all, it was one thing to serve a Prince food while wearing a maid outfit. It was another thing entirely to serve food to her crush while wearing a maid outfit.

Anna paced for a minute, debating in her mind what she should do. "Maybe I should get someone else to do it... But then the head chef will think I'm not cut out to work here... but then I wouldn't have to risk making myself look like a village idiot..." Anna shook her head, her mind set. "I have to do this, otherwise I'll never be head chef." Anna quickly ran to the kitchen, remembering to slow down in case anyone was leaving it, and stepped in. Anna could instantly smell all of the delicious food, and despite this being her third time here, she couldn't stop her mouth from watering. Spiced meat, boiling vegetables, and many other scents filled the room. She had eaten before she had to hand out the food, but she longed for more, its divine taste had almost stolen her heart. Almost, because there was another that had.

Taking the tray of food meant for the Prince, she quickly rushed out, heading to the Prince's quarters. Reaching the door, Anna saw that it was guarded by two soldiers. Stopping short, she looked at the door, thinking of the person beyond it.

"Ah, you have the Prince's food, come right in." One of the guards said. But Anna did not come right in. Anna's feet were stuck in place, unable to move. She was shaking horribly, unable to control her fear of meeting the Prince eye to eye.

The guards looked at each other, realizing that Anna was too scared to go in. "I'll take it to him for you, don't worry." One said, easily plucking the tray from Anna's hands. Time seemed to slow down as he walked to the door, tray in hand. And possibly her job.

And possibly her husband.

Anna shut her eyes and balled up her fists. "I can do it myself."

The guard stopped, hearing Anna for the first time. "What did you say?"

"I-I said I'll do it myself!" Anna said a bit louder than she intended, face scarlet. She opened her eyes, realizing what she said. "I... sorry, it's just that, I'm a servant and all, and you're supposed to guard the Prince, not feed him."

The guard smiled, handing the tray back. "Well, if you insist that you'll be okay."

Anna accepted the tray back, nodding. "I'll be fine, just inform the Prince I'm here."

The guard knocked on the door, calling to the Prince that his food had arrived. Getting a reply, he motioned for Anna to go in while he opened the door.

The room was more for a scribe than a Prince, books lined the walls on every side, even over the fireplace. Every inch of the floor was carpeted, hiding the cobbles beneath. The only windows in the room had the drapes drawn, and bookshelves crowded around it. If the fireplace wasn't lit, the room would have been pitch-black. Shadows were scattered along the walls from the fireplace. A massive pine desk was stacked with books, and a young man was hiding behind the stack, dissecting one of the books in front of him. A candle was lit beside him, as the fireplace's light was mostly blocked by his desk. From the uncertain light, it was hard to tell that his hair was blood red. Anna heard the door shut behind her, and looking around the desk, she could find no room to place the tray.

"U-ummm... P-prince H-Henry... y-y-your food is h-here..." Anna stammered, taking a few cautious steps forward. The Prince looked up from his book, observing Anna intently. After what seemed like hours to Anna, Prince Henry looked away, placing a few stacks on the floor to save room. Taking that as her cue, Anna stepped forward, placing the tray on his desk. With her current job complete, all she had left was to take back the trays. Well, after that, she also had to stick around here to see if there was anything else the Prince needed, but Anna didn't want to think about that just yet. She stepped back, watching as he bit into the loaf of bread whilst still keeping his eyes on the book. Possibly noticing Anna's steady gaze on him, Prince Henry looked up from his book.

"Is there anything else?"

Anna blushed, putting up her hands. "N-no! I just... found it weird..."

Henry's curiosity was piqued, and, placing a feather in between the pages, closed the book. He clasped his hands together, elbows on the table. "And what is it that you find weird?"

"Well... I just heard the rumors that you were a..." Anna paused, and seeing Henry wave to go on, continued. "...that you were a Prince that cared more about books than his subjects." Henry nodded, frowning.

"I se-"

"But I don't think that's true!" Anna blurted before covering her mouth. "I'm sorry, Prince Henry, I didn't mean to interrupt you, I don't know what's come over me."

Henry grinned. "It's fine. Much to the contrast of that rumor, I love to hear people's opinions. I simply have nothing better to do most of the time than read books." His smile widened. "And when I do have something better to do, unless it's urgent, I'd still rather read books."

Anna gave a nervous smile. "Well, I need to collect trays before I come back, so unless you require any more services at the moment, I'll see myself out, Prince Henry." Anna noticed the pause, and she turned away, heading for the door.

"I have one." Prince Henry said, and Anna turned around. "Just call me Henry, sticking Prince in front of it drags out conversations."

Anna smiled once again, but this time it was no longer feeble. "Then Henry it is. I'll come back to collect your tray in a bit, and then I'll be in here until you command otherwise."

Anna walked out of the room, an aura of satisfaction radiating from her. "He's letting me call him by his first name! I can't believe this!" Anna hugged herself and spun in place before she looked beside her. The two guards were still there, guarding the door, and at the moment, looking at her. Anna blushed. "I, um... I'm still on the job, so see you two in a bit!" Anna told the guards before running to the tower. Nearing the top, she slowed. "Wait, Alys doesn't know I'm serving her room yet..." she thought. "Well, I guess this is a better time than any to tell her."

Reaching the door at the top of the spiral stairs, Anna paused, trying to calm herself down before knocking. Finally slowing down her breathing, she gave a few lighthearted knocks before she heard a "Come in." Opening the door, Anna's jaw dropped, witnessing the devastation. The entire room was charred black, the logs from the fireplace lay scattered around the room, some still flaming. The table was on its side, and the chairs against the wall. Smoke seemed to linger on the roof, and the balcony doors were open to help let it out. The only things left untouched were the paintings, which seemed to shimmer when her eyes were not concentrated on them. The carpet was singed beyond belief, and it would have to be replaced.

"What happened?!" Anna yelled, and Tejjun walked out of his bedroom, a red robe on.

"I'll tell you what happened." Tejjun said. "Alys over there tried to light a candle. Simple, no?" He gestured towards Alys, who was sitting on a chest, kicking her feet. Her skin had ashes all over it, but she was wearing a new dress.

"She could light it, but it wasn't always working. Wouldn't you know it, ten minutes later she's complaining that she couldn't light the candle consecutively." Tejjun calmed down for a second, turning to Alys. "I have to admit, Alys, you started catching on faster than I did. Took me a couple days to learn that spell." Alys smiled back, but she continued looking down at her feet.

"Well, I don't know if she wanted to over compensate in her thoughts so even her fizzling spells would be a success, but she cast a fire spell so powerful it became unstable, resulting in an explosion."

Alys looked up, laughing. "I bet you didn't cast THAT on your first day of training."

"Shut up." Tejjun shot back, but he couldn't stop a smile from breaking out. Turning to Anna, he asked. "So, what are you here for?"

"Oh, well, I was here to collect the tray."

"Sorry to break it to you, Anna, but you'll have to go back empty handed." Alys said

Anna faced her, less worried that Alys already knew she was wearing a maid outfit and more worried about not getting the tray back. "Why not?"

"Well..." Alys said, putting her fingers together. "We decided to place the candle on top of it to stop the wax from dripping on the table."

"Oh no." Anna said faintly, putting a hand in front of her mouth.

"Aye, it was at point-blank range." Alys told her, holding the silver tray up. Not only had it melted from the heat, but it also dented so much from the explosion that it was practically a bowl, with the interior being blackened. Anna grabbed the tray, frowning.

"What am I going to tell the head chef?"

"Tell him Tejjun did it. That's how I get all my servants out of trouble." Tejjun said.

"Will it really work?"

"If it doesn't, tell them I'll light their stove for them."

Anna nodded, taking the tray and running down the stairs. Anna was nervous about showing the results of an explosion to her superior, but Tejjun was nonchalant. According to Tejjun, the chef should learn to expect it.

~~~~~~~

"Thanks for not telling her the truth." Alys muttered.

"I wouldn't tell her that, it'd mortify you."

Alys nodded. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have drunk so much water."

"I don't think it's the water that did you in, I think that final spell did."

Alys tilted her head. "How so?"

"Well, from how much water you'd been drinking, I'm guessing you needed to pee rather badly, right?"

"Yes, I did."

"You figure out the rest."

Alys sat there for a minute, juggling the evidence around in her head. "I remember that I really needed to pee, and..." She blushed. "I leaked a little for a second. I thought I could hold it for one last spell, but my mind kept thinking of me wetting myself. I kept thinking-" Alys stopped, understanding dawned on her face. "I kept thinking 'If I don't pee soon, I'll explode'!"

Tejjun nodded, a grim look on his face. "And then you cast the explosion spell."

Alys' blush deepened. "And then the spell consumed so much of my water that I couldn't hold the enormous amount of pee any longer, and I..." Alys stopped, as they both knew what remained unsaid. "Thanks for getting a change of clothes for me. I'm just glad she didn't think I changed clothes because they were wet, otherwise I'd be more shy around her than she is around me. Speaking of which..." Alys said, pointing to the floor. "I used your black rug to clean up the mess, you're going to throw it out anyways."

Tejjun grumbled. "I thought a black rug suited the charred walls." Alys chuckled at his joke before they tried figuring out how to clean the mess up.

*008*2015-02-05 01:30

I was going to add on to this chapter, but I decided to keep it short, as I am submitting another chapter from my other story at the same time. The next chapter will be longer, I promise!

~~~~~~~~

Chapter 3: A Day in the Snow

~~~~~~~~

"Time to wake up, I can't have you sleeping all day."

Alys slowly sat up in bed, rubbing her eyes as she yawned. It had been two weeks since she started training, and yesterday she had taken a break.

"Mages need a break every so often from training, especially early on." Tejjun had told her. "If they work to hard, Then all sorts of things could happen."

"Like what?" Alys got a blank stare in response.

"Maybe it's best you didn't know."

After hearing that, Alys happily took the day off. That was yesterday, however, and today she was back to training. Or, at least, she thought she was, until she heard Tejjun's next words.

"You get another break tomorrow, because today we have your first test."

Alys cocked her head to the side. "Test? What do you mean? I've been learning fire spells and ice spells for a bit now, what test could I possibly take if I have only gone into two trees of magic?"

"Well, we have only gone into two trees, but I thought it best we try using some magic where you can't accidently blow up my room."

"I keep telling you it was a one time thing, give it a break already." Alys huffed, crossing her arms over her chest.

Tejjun ignored the last sentence and simply started filling a bag with certain objects in the other room. Alys took the hint and rolled out of bed, the floor was cold from winter's approach, and she didn't like it one bit. Closing the door, she grabbed her arms, shivering. Warm as the fireplace may be in the other room, it didn't reach her room as quickly as she wanted, and she was debating on having the castle masons build one for her. Taking off her nightdress, Alys quickly put on a long, thick, woolen dress, before pulling a thick hooded robe over her. Alys usually didn't wear mage robes, but since she was going outside today, it would be a bad idea not to. Alys chose to wear fur lined boots and then looked around, making sure she didn't forget something. Noticing a dull gleam from her nightstand, Alys picked up her knife, sheathing it in her concealed sheath. "How could I almost forget my dagger after working on its sheathes for so long?"

"Finally decided to leave your room, I see." Tejjun noted as he watched Alys open her door.

"What, can't I take my time? It's not like you told me anything about this test, so why do you insist we hurry?"

Tejjun dismissed the question with the wave of his hand. "It's more of a surprise if I wait to tell you, isn't it?"

"But is that a good thing?"

"Hey, enough with the questions, are we leaving or not?"

Alys looked around one more time, trying to make sure she didn't forget anything else. Feeling satisfied, Alys nodded her head. "I'm ready, let's go."

~~~~~~

"I did forget something." Alys thought glumly, trying her best to keep up with Tejjun. "I forgot to use the chamber pot, and now I really have to pee..."

Tejjun looked back, noticing Alys' slowed pace. "Anything wrong?"

Alys lifted her hands, the small blush on her face being concealed from her cold, already reddened cheeks. "N-no, everything's fine!"

Tejjun raised an eyebrow. "Then why are you trailing behind me when I'm at walking pace?"

"I just... hurt my leg yesterday, so I'm trying not to over-exert it."

Tejjun seemed satisfied with the reasoning, so they continued their walk. They had already left the castle walls a few minutes ago, and within that time snow had started falling from the clouds. The snow stuck, and in no time at all, their path was covered in an inch of snow.

"Why can't Ravensteel be located somewhere that doesn't snow as much? I'd give anything for a warm winter." Alys thought aloud.

"Well, you wouldn't be able to do what I'm about to let you do if it wasn't snowing. I saw the clouds darken yesterday, so I knew it'd snow sometime soon. Trust me, you'll love this." Tejjun said over his shoulder.

Alys didn't doubt she'd enjoy it, but she despised the cold. The fact that it was snowing didn't make her feel any better, instead, it just proved how cold it was. Sighing, a cloud of steam exited her mouth in the cold winter air. "Just tell me when we get there."

"I really have to pee."

They walked on, and Alys seemed to slow down even more. She hoped that the building snow would help draw away suspicion, although she now kept a hand gently pressed on the front of her dress. Trying to take her mind off her need, Alys spoke up. "So, I've been wondering something."

Tejjun turned around and Alys quickly moved her hand away from her dress, crossing them at her chest. "What is it?" Tejjun asked.

"Well, I noticed you've said the word 'jeez' a lot, is it short for something? I've never heard anyone else use that word."

Tejjun looked off in the distance, as if recalling a far off memory. "Well, it all started-"

"Wait." Alys cut in. "Is this going to be a true story?"

"No. Anyways, before you so rudely interrupted me..."

Alys shook her head, smirking at Tejjun's immediate response, and his willingness to continue his false tale. It was only a few minutes later before Tejjun stopped, pointing to a bump jutting from the snow. Upon closer inspection, it was a tree stump, although the snow was starting to hide its existence. "Here we are, you see that?"

"Yeah, it's a tree stump, what of it?"

"Well, I'm going to place snowballs on it, and you're going to shoot fireballs at them."

Alys gave a wan smile. "Sounds like fun." Alys said, yet her complexion showed she could think of other things she'd rather do at the moment, something a little more private, for example. Luckily enough for her, Tejjun didn't seem to take notice, too preoccupied with making snowballs.

"Well, I have a couple done, I'll place them on the stump now." Tejjun then shoved as much snow off the tree stump as he could, placing the snowballs on top. "While you practice, I'll make more a short distance away, I'd rather not roast like a chestnut."

Alys didn't have much trouble disintegrating the snowballs, and she alternated between casting with one hand and casting with both. The difficulty increased when Tejjun decided to toss the snowballs in the air (a good distance away from him, of course,) and Alys had to shoot them while they were in flight. Luckily they were far from any nearby village, otherwise the fireballs would have easily ignited the thatched roofs. Alys accuracy seemed to improve, but a short time after, it stagnated, as her mind was starting to sway from focusing on hitting the snowballs and now focusing on her ever-filling bladder.

The constant snowball making and tossing seemed to be tiring Tejjun out, so he eventually called for a break. Alys greatly appreciated the rest, as the constant shooting had worn her out as well. Both of them sat up against the tree stump, which was now slightly singed. Tejjun had lay to the left of her, cloak over his head. Alys felt a small spasm escape her bladder, and without thinking, she used both hands to stop any more from coming through. Luckily, she managed to remove her hands before Tejjun turned her way.

"So, you seem to be doing pretty well, I'd say after a few dozen more I'll be able to determine if you passed or not." Tejjun said, and Alys couldn't help but grin.

"If I'm doing pretty well, why don't you just pass me now?"

"Because it's not whether you are good now, it's if you are good later."

They sat in silence, not even a bird was chirping. It was so peaceful, Alys wished she could lie there and sleep. If it wasn't so cold, that is. She hadn't forgotten how cold it was, and now she wished she was casting spells instead of waiting for Tejjun, the fireballs at least kept her hands warm. The wind picked up, and feeling the chill, she could hear the trees and bushes nearby rustle.

A dry tree branch snapped, and it caught her attention. Casually turning to her right, Alys' eyes widened as she tumbled backwards, sinking into the snow. Standing in front of her on all fours was a large snarling beast. It stood at around five and a half feet tall. The beast's fur was a blotchy pattern of black and white, along with the occasional streaks of red. Its legs were well-built, and at the ends of its paws light glinted off razor sharp talons. The beast's face was the color of pitch, and its eyes had an orange glow. Sharp black teeth crammed its mouth, and its ears were laying flat on its head.

It was obvious the beast had no intentions of parley. Trying her best to end the fight before it started, Alys shot a fireball with one hand while supporting herself with the other. Much like tar, its face burst into flame, yet it only seemed to make the beast angrier.

"W-what is this thing?!" Alys cried, crawling backwards. She could feel her pee quickly escaping her, yet she didn't stop moving. The beast was keeping in step with her, and if she stopped moving to keep from drenching her dress any further, it could easily bite into her.

Tejjun was already standing shooting large icicles at it. The beast dodged with ease, closing in on Alys in the process. "It's a Voryete, they're weak to ice attacks, so you might want to use those."

Alys lifted up a hand, and as she saw ice start to layer upon itself in the air, the Voryete leaped, pinning Alys to the ground. Her left hand was stuck, but her right scrambled for her dagger. She unsheathed and slashed at the beast's feet. It cried in pain in an ominously low tone before jumping away. Alys stood up, and she saw that the beast was eyeing her dagger. It barely dodged another icicle spell from Tejjun before lunging, tearing and singeing Alys' mage robe. Alys cut thin air, just missing the beast and it retaliated, pushing her back to the ground.

The Voryete's head reached for her neck, yet Alys stopped it short with her raven-steel knife, her dagger pushing against the sharp teeth. Alys could feel the heat from its burning head, and perspiration formed on her forehead. The drooling maw of the beast inched closer, breathing heavily in anticipation. A loud "Thunk Thunk Thunk" was heard. The Voryete's head snapped back when three icicles hit its side, and they instantly started to smoke at the wound, the beast wailing in turn. Alys took that moment to slice at it, blood spilling onto her dress, staining it. The beast howled in pain, rolling away from Tejjun and Alys. Alys looked to her side, seeing the beast stand, blood dripping from a jagged cut. Alys shakily stood up, and the beast inched forward once more. Alys took a pace back, her mind racing.

"If it can dodge Tejjun's shots, there's no way I can hit it with an ice spell." The beast took another step forward before dancing away from Tejjun's icicles. "But I can hit it with my dagger..." The beast leaped forward, so Alys had to make up her mind now. Sidestepping, the beast turned its head, re-singeing her robe as it flew by, spinning as it landed. Alys leaped forward while ice formed on the dagger's blade. The Voryete was not expecting such a move from Alys and didn't dodge, taking the hit in its side. Steam spewed from around the blade, and the beast's originally famished eyes were now terrified, and it turned its head, desperately trying to keep Alys away. Alys concentrated, and ice spread across its pelt, all of the ice sizzling as it formed. The Voryete's cries slowly died away before it fell to the ground, limp and half-covered in ice, a plume of steam trailing towards the sky.

Alys was panting, absolutely exhausted from the random encounter. Alys wriggled the knife free, and wiping the blood off on her robe, she saw her name in red on the side of the blade. Alys continued breathing heavily, adrenaline still pumping, and her breath shown in the air. Alys was on her knees looking up at the sky, and she shivered as the sweat cooled on her skin.

But she was alive, and that's all that mattered. Looking back down, she saw that the snow around the Voryete was darkening in blood, and only then did she realize what she had done. Alys had just killed something, and not just a deer or some harmless animal, but a feral, savage, aggressive beast. Alys looked around, and she saw the path of the battle imprinted on the snowy field. She also saw the tree stump that she had first encountered the beast, and the snow there had a trail of yellow. Looking down, Alys could see the faint signs of pee obscured by the blood that now covered her lower body. Alys didn't care, though, she just wanted some well earned rest. She stood, looking to Tejjun, who was drinking from a water flask.

"That was close." Tejjun said. "If it had lasted any longer, I would have killed myself from thirst." He then motioned towards the beast. "Nice job, by the way."

"'Nice job'?" Alys replied, straightening up, a hint of annoyance in her voice. "I just killed a Voryete by stabbing it and turning it half to ice, and you give a simple 'Nice job'?"

Tejjun shrugged. "I mean, very good thinking and all, and Voryetes are rather tough, but that was just one. We're lucky it didn't come in a pack, otherwise we'd be fighting up to twenty."

Alys jaw dropped. "They come in packs? How does anyone defeat them?"

"Well, it's advised to fight them four to one to minimize casualties, so up to eighty men."

"That's the size of a small army!"

"And that's why we try to keep them in check. I'm guessing that one escaped our hunters."

Alys shook her head. "I'd hate to fight anything like that ever again."

"Yeah, so I think it's best we hurry along."

~~~~~~

"So how about a reward?" Alys said, and Tejjun turned to look at her.

Alys and Tejjun had walked back to the castle, and those who had seen the blood coated Alys stared wide-eyed, wondering what that small girl could have killed. The two sorcerers decided that they would stop by the tavern to get something to eat. It wasn't as good as the castle's food, but Tejjun had told the chefs he'd be gone and would not require food delivered. They arrived back late, so even if food was delivered, it would be cold by now.

"A reward?"

"You know, a medal or something to commemorate my first kill."

"But I hadn't planned on us fighting a Voryete."

"But I still killed one."

Tejjun was silent for a moment, the noisy tavern filling in the silence. Tejjun came up with a response and continued. "Well, I guess your reward is that you passed your first test."

"How is that a reward?" Alys protested.

"Well, technically, you still hadn't finished, so unless you want to go back out there..." Alys shook her head before bundling up in her robe.

"It's too cold for that, I'll just sit in here."

*009*2015-02-19 08:31

~~~

Chapter 4: A Short Conversation Can Hide Many Things

~~~

With the passing weeks, Anna had gotten used to the routine of serving the rooms. That didn't mean she particularly enjoyed doing so, and she would still blush whenever someone mentioned her uniform, yet her stutter had quickly vanished over the passing days. In fact, it seemed to disappear much more quickly around Prince Henry than her two best friends, which shocked her. When Anna thought about it, however, it made sense. Henry was rather informal for a prince, preferring to get right to the point than beat around the issue with formalities. Yet even then, when it came to things of little importance, Henry seemed to contradict his earlier attitude, ready to dress in the most formal attire and appear like most nobles, head held high while dragging out every sentence.

On this day, when Anna had arrived, she noticed something different. An inkwell was placed on the desk, and the many books he would have were replaced with multiple sheets of parchment. Henry was holding a quill in his hand, and from the balled up parchment paper surrounding the desk, it appeared as though he were failing at his task. Henry looked up, and for a moment he didn't recognize the figure at the door. Realizing it was Anna with food, he moved some papers aside, cursing as he almost knocked the inkwell over. He grasped the vial with both hands, steadying it. Anna placed the tray on the table and walked behind the desk, looking over Henry's shoulder. "What are you working on?"

"Resource allocation." Henry said, gesturing to the papers in disgust. "I thought we had a scribe for this."

Anna chuckled. "I thought you were the castle's scribe." Henry smiled in turn.

"Anyways, our scribe simply sorts the data, I still have to choose where everything goes." Henry placed the quill back in its inkwell, deciding to take a break for now.

Anna looked around the table, some of the papers hadn't been crumpled up, instead tossed to the side. The papers each were labeled with a header of a generic term such as "Building Materials" or "Food Stockpile" with more specific names underneath. Picking them up, she placed the papers next to the kindling near the fireplace; the papers would be used in replacement to help start and maintain the fire. Passing by the table to get more, she brushed past a paper, knocking it to the floor.

Anna said a quick "Sorry." before reaching down to pick it up. Out of all the papers on Prince Henry's desk, this one had a title she had not seen in the papers scattered around the floor, titled "Armies and Garrisons". Anna looked down the list and was surprised to see that the army number was huge compared with the Garrison number. A smaller Garrison than army was usually expected, but this number seemed astronomically high! Placing it on Henry's desk, she saw Henry looking at her, an inquiring look on his face. Anna decided she might as well ask. "Why is there only one copy of the 'Armies and Garrisons' paper? Did you burn the rest?"

"No, that's the only copy, and it was the first one I wrote down."

"Then, if it's okay with you, could you tell me why the numbers are so large?" Anna knew the answer before the question left her lips. Most people in Ravensteel could feel the tension between their fief and that of the country of Ugredia. Despite the country being smaller than Caryinea, its population was much greater, and land disputes were raging behind the scenes, Ugredia carving out Caryinea as it saw fit. Rumors were also passing that the neighboring country was planning on invading Caryinea, forcing the army to be split up. This neighboring country was known as Regnevis, and its fiefs circled a massive lake.

The lake made troop transport between fiefs easy, and an army could arrive at the border in a matter of days. Anna heard all this from a man who's friend was a general, so it was obviously the most trustworthy source. Trustworthy sources or otherwise, Anna knew it was true, as the ongoing conversation with Prince Henry revealed as much. Of course, it left out the rumor that Ugredia had an army of acid spewing dragons that were as tall as mountains, but seeing as a drunk soldier had told her that rumor, it was quite clearly common knowledge by now.

"In any case," Henry continued from where he left off. "We'll be going to war sooner or later, and at the moment the former seems like the case." Henry saw concern show on Anna's face, and Henry couldn't help but utter a small laugh. "I'll be fine, my father forces me to practice with the sword and shield first thing in the morning. I'm quite adept, if I do say so myself." Anna's concern faded, but it was still present.

Anna realized the tray was empty, so she quickly took it back to the kitchen before going to collect the one remaining tray. Tejjun had told the chef not to make food for them today (much to the delight of Darrison, the head chef), so there was no need to check the tower. Elicia had told her personally that they would require no need for her food to be delivered, and that they would get some themselves.

"I'll just tell the head chef that, that way he doesn't bother himself with making any." Anna had stated. She was about to head back when she saw the glimmer of a coin in Elicia's hand. It sparkled as it caught the light, and the gold was obviously displayed.

"You won't tell the head chef that." Elicia said, and tossed the coin Anna's way. Anna caught it, and turned it around in her hand. The things she could buy with it seemed like a much more compelling thing than being told off by her boss. Anna nodded. "Sure."

This is why Anna was surprised when the Darrison had thanked her for bringing the last tray back. "I was wondering when you'd bring the one for Prince Henry back, that's both of 'em" He said. The man wore a tall, white hat, along with a white apron. The clothes underneath were casual, most likely in case the long apron didn't catch everything. This was a recent change, as a recruit had spilled a whole tray of food on the head chef's back one week previously, and said recruit had gotten quite the ear full. The face of the chef was aged with experience, and a few grey hairs were present in his black hair from attempting to teach new recruits. His hair was cut short, and he had a close-shaven beard.

"What do you mean?" Anna asked, confused. "When did I bring the other tray back?"

The head chef shrugged. "Must 'ave been a few minutes ago, although I didn't see you bring it in yourself. The tray seemed to 'ave showed up out of nowhere, because I 'ad just looked on that counter not a second before I looked once more, and poof!" The chef opened up his hands suddenly to exaggerate his point. "Fact is, I didn't even see you take the tray for them in the first place. You're right quick, Anna. Keep up the good work."

When Anna had finally arrived back in Henry's quarters, she had to stoop to pick up the collection of papers around the desk. Anna smirked upon reading it; it was payment for the chefs, and one of the items listed was "Reforging of silver platters".

~~~

Alys and Tejjun had arrived back at the castle. Alys was more than happy to get her blood soaked clothes off, and she heated up some water with a fire spell before taking a bath. Alys normally would have had a servant clean her clothes, but she was planning on cleaning them herself tomorrow. The clothes not coated in dried blood were yellowed from her earlier accident, and if the whole castle knew about that... Alys didn't even dare think about it. When she finally put on her nightdress and left the bathroom, Tejjun wasn't in the tower.

"I wonder where he went." Alys thought, double checking all of the rooms as if she somehow could have missed him, yet he was nowhere to be seen. "Jeez, the least he could have done was tell me he was going to leave... Ugh, and now he has me saying jeez!"

Alys fell backwards on her bed, causing the mattress to lift on the other side slightly before hitting the bed frame once more, and a loud thump followed. This, however, wasn't from the bed. Looking to the other side of the bed, she saw Tejjun sprawled on the floor.

"What are you doing down there?" Alys asked. She could have sworn she checked there at least once. Tejjun stood up, rubbing the back of his head.

"Well, I was waiting for you to see an impression in your bed and wonder what is was, but because you paid no heed and tossed yourself on the other side of the bed, I went right onto the floor." Tejjun was dusting himself off as he was talking. "It would be the best introduction to invisibility, I thought, until you ruined it."

Alys looked on in wonder. "Invisibility? So are you saying you were invisible just then?"

"Yes, it's quite the trick. It barely uses up any water, although there are some drawbacks." Tejjun then punctuated the sentence by turning completely transparent for a second before quickly turning back.

"I don't see any drawbacks to invisibility..." Alys said, and Tejjun ignored the unintended pun.

"Well, it's drawbacks are only truly shown once cast. I'll have you practice the day after tomorrow as you look rather tired." Tejjun walked towards the door, but he could sense the question Alys had. Tejjun looked over his shoulder at Alys. "I'm guessing you're wondering what that drawback is?"

Alys nodded. "I'd rather not be surprised, I've had enough for this month from earlier."

Tejjun pointed to his eye. "Well, mages haven't been able to figure out exactly why just yet, but sense the eyeball turns invisible, we can't see while the spell is being cast."

Alys thought it over, yet she couldn't understand why. Tejjun waved his hand in dismissal. "Don't puzzle over it today, you need rest. Take a break for now." Tejjun grabbed the door's handle as he walked out of the room, slowly closing it behind him.

~~~~~

When Tejjun reached his room, he changed into a robe more suitable for night time. Tejjun lay on his bed, looking at the ceiling. "You deserve a night's sleep after today." He said, but there was no way Alys could have heard.

*011*2015-02-21 08:16

{{:

This is rather interesting. I'd personally lik to see more

}}

Well, unless something changes, more is still to come! I'm glad you're enjoying it!

*012*2015-03-05 06:16

A month had past since Alys fought the beast which burned when ice pierced its flesh, and she had improved in that time. It took Alys awhile, but she managed to learn how to turn invisible. She found out that any major movement would practically make her a beacon, as it shimmered so much that it would make the user almost glow. Of course, it wouldn't be easy to move with any ease while casting it, as it's near impossible for the sorcerer to judge whether they are even still standing, so long as the spell is still in use. To Alys, the spell's flaws made it rather situational, but she saw no harm in knowing another spell.

Later into the month, Alys had made it a habit to visit her father to learn some swordsmanship. She had learned a little before the recruitment, as she was planning on becoming a Knight after all, but that was now only a dream. Tejjun thought it not all very necessary to be handy with a sword if she was to become a mage, but Alys insisted she should have something to fall back on, especially considering her battle with the Voryete. During one of her visits, Alys noticed her father had a raven-steel rapier lying around.

He was reluctant to hand it over, but seeing as the person that purchased it hadn't shown for months, he knew he would have a hard time getting rid of it, especially with how light the sword was. No garrison would really need a sword as light as it, and most Nobles already had their own. So, with a sheath and belt to go with it, Alys had taken upon herself to keep the weapon in her possession. Of course, she wasn't very willing to be in another battle any time soon, but peace was only an interlude to another war.

~~~~~

Chapter 5: Signs of Trouble

~~~~~

Castle Ugredia's main halls were ornately decorated. Violet banners hung from the walls, each one stitched with a blue falcon in the center. A purple carpet stretched from the entrance to a throne, which stood atop a few stairs. The blue and black throne was empty, yet a man stood in front of it, pacing. This wasn't the pacing of a man who was worried; this was the pacing of a man waiting for results. This man wore a blue cloak over his shoulders, and he had a black shirt and breeches. These clothes were stitched with purple string that seemed to weave in random directions, but not in a way to make it unappealing. His black boots were muffled as he paced on the carpet, and at one point he stopped to look at the tall scepter in his right hand.

It was rather large, and it was made of raven-steel. Violet gems gleamed as they caught the light from the windows that illuminated the room, and it sparkled as he turned it in his hand. Using the staff to push up his raven-steel crown (which was also adorned with a violet gem), the king of Ugredia, Yungora, continued his pacing. Yungora wasn't handsome in the slightest, his face scarred with previously fought battles. He had long black hair that seemed to almost be an extension of his crown, as the coloration was so close. The entrance to the front of the room opened, and the pacing king stopped once again. The doors admitted a man clad in armor, and the king seemed to be pleased with his arrival.

"Ah, Duke Terius, so happy to see you." Yungora said. Duke Terius nodded. He made no attempt to kneel, and was obviously unwilling to stand there for longer than was necessary.

"I bring great news, Yungora, our armies will be ready for action within the fortnight. As we speak, they are assembling at the border of Caryinea, and we've hidden siege weaponry in the surrounding forest."

Yungora smiled. "Good, and I assume you'll lead the charge on RavenSteel castle?"

The knight nodded once more. "Aye. I wouldn't have it any other way."

"Has our... diplomat finished his duties?"

"I haven't heard back from him yet, but I'm positive we will in a couple days. He's not expected back until the 'morrow at the latest, so there's no need to be so restless."

Yungora nodded. "Soon we'll equip our army with the finest raven-steel weapons and armor, and then we take a short walk to Dybamius before all of Caryinea kneels before me." He lifted up his staff, and the large gemstone's glow intensified. "Let's see how ready they are for war!"

~~~~~~~~

Nighttime was quickly approaching, and this was around the time any sensible traveler would rest. A blonde haired girl trekked through the snow, her cloak blowing in the wind. She wore black boots, a short red dress, and a red cloak. She had the hood of her cloak on, and she held the rest of it around her. The only difference from the usual attire of a female bard was the black leggings she was currently wearing, for obvious reasons of course. With how cold it usually was in RavenSteel, it's surprising that it's even known as being uncommon, but that's just how it was. Luckily for the blonde haired girl, the wind was kept at a minimum, and the only snow that existed was already on the ground. An inn was within sight, and it was rather large for most inns. It was as to be expected from an inn that sat in the middle of the busiest crossroads of RavenSteel. It had two stories with plenty of windows, all of which closed with shutters to keep the heat in.

The girl pushed the front doors to the inn open and instantly felt the heat pour over her. She quickly closed the doors while looking around the inn. The room was very busy, and those closest to her (that had most likely regretted their choice of seats, being that the cold wind blew directly towards them,) were the first to notice her profession. If the red garbs hadn't given her away, the lute case most certainly did. Her eyes focused further across the room, where a group of armed men flanked a single man with a purple cape. A blue falcon was stitched into the purple cape, an obvious symbol of Ugredia. The man was most certainly the messenger she was told of, yet the saber hooked to his side screamed 'noble', she knew no messenger that carried a weapon so freely as the man across the room.

The innkeeper had seen the Bard enter, and his face lit up. While it wasn't uncommon for his tavern to get a bard or two every so often, it was always a welcome sight to have one around. Any songs the bard would sing would keep any guests there for more food and drink, which would only prove to increase his income. The balding innkeeper took no time in reaching the girl, and he extended his hand out, a smile on his face. "Nice to see we 'ave some entertainment for tonight!" he boomed.

Maria nodded, shaking the man's hand. "The least I can do, considering this is the closest inn for miles that I can put my feet up in. Speaking of which, how much are the rooms?"

"Only three copper for you, consider the discount my advance pay to you for being here."

"And it also pays for some water to help me sing the right pitch?"

The innkeeper nodded, pouring a tin cup full of water. "Water's free anyways, but if you want some ale-"

"Water's fine, thanks." Maria interrupted. She sat beside the fire, warming her hands as she tuned her lute. Those closest had an expectant gaze, yet Maria felt no need to rush the process. Nobody wanted an off-key song, after all.

Maria felt she needed no introduction, and taking a sip of her water and humming softly, she started strumming the first few chords to a common folk song. The song had a small amount of speed to it, and Maria prepared for the lyrics.

"I heard the town of Ladderstow

Had bustled with people I'd want to know

But I lacked patience to get to know

The people of good old Ladderstow."

Maria's voice seemed to move with the chords, and she could see she was drawing the attention of those seated farther away.

"The Yenoroze tried to raze it one day

Taking every bolt and nail.

But someone retook old Ladderstow

And it was quite the tale.

Old Harold was his name they say

And fight he did that very day.

Two Yenoroze he soon did slay

Their bodies lay there this very day."

Maria could hear the beat being driven by the customers as the long remembered song was played. She could even here a majority sing with her during the chorus.

"I heard the town of Ladderstow

Had bustled with people I'd want to know

But I lacked the courage to get to know

The people of good old Ladderstow."

"Old Harold had owned a farm nearby

He was famous for his apple pie.

He rushed to face the army there

But Yenoroze bodies laid everywhere.

Old Harold was a couragous man

Showing no mercy when the fight began.

The last two wanted to off him there

But Old Harold easily dispatched the pair"

"I heard the town of Ladderstow

Had bustled with people I'd want to know

But I lacked the kindness to get to know

The people of good old Ladderstow."

"The two Yenoroze had their heads cut off

Harold victoriously held his scythe aloft.

How did he dispatch the two you say?

By the apple pies he made that day!"

After that last verse, almost everyone had joined in on the final chorus.

"I heard the town of Ladderstow

Had rebuilt easily before the snow.

Harold's apple pies we still know

Had saved the people of Ladderstow."

The last chord Maria played she sustained, and those closest tossed a few coins into her lute case. With the warm-up song out of the way, Maria placed the lute beside her, taking a quick sip from her water before standing. Maria had played the first song to get the attention of her audience. It was one of the most popular folk songs she knew, and it was a slim chance anyone would leave after hearing that. Her next song was to gain the attention of the Ugredian. She paused, trying to remember the lyrics to the next song before starting, and soon she began.

"The wisps of eastern Yitter Woods

Wore cloaks of black and blood red hoods.

They hung from trees when they did not fly

And they killed any and all passerby.

"Beware the wisps of Yitter Wood"

Is what I heard and probably should."

"I heard a dead man had been found

He was thought to be killed by a hound

But that was obviously not the case

It was the deadly phantom race.

"The wisps can kill with a single word."

That's, at least, the tale I heard."

"I went to check to see if they're real,

And soon found the woods turn teal.

Those ghosts saw me before I sensed it,

I was unconscious without being hit.

When I awoke I fled the woods,

As I looked back, I saw their hoods."

"I will beware east Yitter Wood

They let me live to warn you how,

I am alive when I really could

Be dead in Yitter Wood right now."

The lyrics were okay, but Maria rather disliked the song. Either way, some people were fans of it, and a few were entranced by her voice alone, caring less about the about the lyrics.

The Ugredian noble was the loudest person to applaud, with one of his guards being second. Maria excused herself for some food and drink, and the noble soon left his seat, going to greet her. The smile on his face showed his enjoyment, and he kept his hands well away from the hilt of his sword. "You played amazingly, lass." The man said, his voice thick with his accent. Maria had to force a smile, as his reference to her young age seemed more an insult to her than a compliment.

"Thanks, although a bit of coin could go a long way for a bard like myself." Maria said, gesturing to her lute case. Already it had plenty of coins from other customers, yet the man seemed to hesitate as he pulled out a high value coin. He then looked at her once again, spinning the coin between his fingers.

"Sure, but I have a question, where did you learn such an uncommon song? It's only really played in Ugredia, and even then not much."

"Well, any wise minstrel has plenty of songs at their disposal, and they also know their audience."

The man smiled, flicking the coin in the case. "Well, you certainly played well enough for me." He then leaned forward, and the cheap ale served at the inn was carried in his breath. Maria tried her best not to cough. "If you want, we have an opening for a musician at my castle. We pay well enough, much more than you'd get from traveling."

"A castle." Maria thought. "So he really is a noble. And I bet the sword strapped to his belt is not just for show, either." Maria looked at the man, and (trying not to gag from his ale-breath,) gently denied his request. "I'm sorry, but I much prefer the traveling life."

The man frowned, seeming dissatisfied with her reply. "Well, that's a shame... You're positive you don't want to come with me back to Listelton Castle after my mission is complete?"

Maria had to hold herself back from giving too speedy a response, instead hesitating to make the man think she was actually thinking over the option. "No thanks."

The man didn't like the answer, but felt he could get his way in another matter. "Well, I do wonder if you could play a few songs in my room, I'm about to head off to bed, and a couple gentle tunes help put me to sleep."

Maria stuck out her case. "Well, if you make it worth my while..."

The Ugredian felt like he was being mocked by a simple musician, but as he stood up, he realized ordering his guards in a busy place like this to do anything would most certainly spread bad word of him. Flustered, he tossed a few coins in, and seeing no reaction on Maria's face, sighed, and dumped some of his coin purse into it. Maria smiled, emptying the case into her own coin purse and placing the lute in. "I'll finish eating first, I can't play on an empty stomach."

The man was impatient, yet he waited for her. He had no say in the matter, so he had no other choice but to wait.

Finishing off her food, the man led the way to his room, yet Maria could sense trouble was already brewing. His guards were following just behind her, blocking her from running back the way they came. When they reached the room, the door was locked behind them. A guard leaned against a wall just across a low table where the noble sat. This one had chosen to discard his chest piece, and he stretched. The man had probably been roasting in the armor, as it was lined in wool. His shirt told the same story, being drenched in sweat. The other guard was across the room, sitting in his own chair, leaning backwards. He kept his armor on, but he had a bead of sweat rolling down his face.

Tension filled the air, and the Ugredian's next words did nothing to resolve the matter. "So, I've decided that you shall be my personal minstrel."

Maria cocked her head to the side. "Pardon? I don't recall agreeing to those terms."

"Ah, but you didn't have to. I have some important business to attend to at RavenSteel castle, one which Walter would would very much like to prevent, but he has no say in the matter. From the looks of things, if you don't give us a reason to kill you, you'll be singing tales of my courage as we leave RavenSteel Castle, Walter's head in tow." He then smiled wickedly. "And I, Lord Riyone, will leave a guard to watch you as the other joins me in our negotiations. If I can't reach with a vial of poison, surely my sword will do."

"I bet you'll leave me tied up the whole time as well. If I don't do something soon, I won't even be able to spread word of this."

"Now..." Lord Riyone said. "About that tune. I think a good Ugredian love song will do. Fitting, if I do say so myself. Maybe I'll even pay you if you plant a kiss on my cheek, or release you if on my lips."

Opening her case, Maria hefted her lute. She was going to enjoy this, and not for the reasons Lord Riyone was expecting. Maria made sure the guard closest to her was the one without any armor. While an axe stroke could easily pierce leather, her daggers would have trouble, and what she had planned would require one of her smaller knives, especially since the ones on her side were confiscated.

Maria started strumming a few chords, and she nodded her head to one of the guards. It was the guard who was sitting across the room, and she remembered him clapping earlier with Lord Riyone. He obviously knew his Ugredian music, and the one Maria was currently playing usually had a male singer. The man started to sing, his voice uncertain as he tried to remember the lyrics. Walking closer to the Lord, she saw an expectant look on his face, and Maria prepared for what she was about to do.

Maria, leaning her body and lute forward, could see Lord Riyone tilting his head while closing his eyes. His lips seemed to curl slightly, and as Maria got closer, her right hand stopped playing the lute, moving so the side of the lute was a little away from her and pressed gently in the man's abdomen. She pulled the catch, and the man's face distorted in pain as he felt the axe blade suddenly dig into his body. Maria quickly pulled a knife from her sleeve, cutting the man's throat in one clean motion, blood quickly spilling out in turn. She spun herself and the knife around, balancing the dagger by the blade between her first and second finger. Maria threw it at the guard closest to her, the fine blade quickly spinning in the air twice before piercing through to his heart, and the man fell with a thud. During this time, the man across the room had stood up quickly, the chair tumbling back. He had only just drawn his sword by the time the second man was dead.

Maria pulled the axe free and spun around to block his sword stroke, the steel rasping together. Quickly breaking free of the parry, Maria spun around, hitting the man in the side before pulling it free to hit him in the shoulder, and then finally in the head. Maria was breathing heavily as the still guard's knees buckled, and Maria had to pull backwards to keep from falling onto the dead man. Tugging her axe free, she surveyed the scene. The sight of what she had done affected her rather quickly. Feeling her stomach turn, she dropped the lute, covering her mouth with both hands as her face paled. Maria spent a few minutes calming her stomach, which spent those few minutes convulsing, and Maria came close to fainting.

Maria's head was swimming from killing another human for the first time, amplified by the fact that it was three of them as well. After her head stopped spinning, Maria gained her composure and wiped her lute off with her cape, getting all the blood she could off. She retracted the blade and stuck it in its case. Walking across the room, she took the knife buried in the man's chest before cleaning and re-sheathing it. With everything she needed to get done in this room complete, she turned to the Ugredian diplomat in disgust. His clothes were drenched in the blood that spilled from his neck and abdomen, and he was leaning drunkenly to the side of his chair.

"That's what you get for trying to steal my first kiss." Maria muttered.

~~~~~~~

Maria was lying in her bed in the inn. She had purchased a room earlier, and not using it would draw suspicions, especially after the three men were killed.

Maria would catch her breath every time she heard someone walk by her room, and she would sigh in relief whenever they had walked away. She started in surprise when she heard a knock on her door, and putting on her cloak over her nightdress, she approached the door. Maria was uncertain how to proceed, her mind saying "You've been caught. You're done for. All your hard work is for nothing." Maria tried her best to push these thoughts out of her mind, trying to slow her breathing, and eventually her heart rate slowed down a bit. The knock on the door was heard once again, and Maria opened it. A short, bald man was standing on the other side, his face as pale as the snow outside the inn. Maria recognized the bald man, he was the owner of this inn.

"Is something the matter?" Maria asked, keeping from speaking at her normally loud voice for fear her worry would mix in.

"Do you remember the men that hired you to play for them?" The innkeeper asked, and Maria nodded.

"They just had me play a few songs before the man in the cloak asked me to leave. Said something about it being important information that I shouldn't hear. I went straight back to my room." Maria lied through her teeth. "Why do you ask?"

"Well, the men were all found dead in their room, an assassin must 'ave got 'em."

Maria's heart beat faster. She was aware the short man was eyeing her with slight suspicion, so she thought it best to do a little acting. Putting her hand up to her mouth, she gasped. "Th-that's terrible!" Maria stuttered, hoping it was believable. "Is the assassin gone? Is it safe to sleep here?" The last question struck a cord in the man. Suspicious as he might be of her, he knew that if word got out that his inn was unsafe, his profits might drop, even if just a little.

"There's no need to worry, ma'am. The assassin must 'ave fled through the window, the same way he got in." Maria subconsciously sighed in relief. She had opened up the window just before she left, thinking it might help divert suspicions from her. The room's window opened up to the road, so any tracks that supposedly would have been left in the snow would be concealed. The innkeeper continued. "Just so long as you lock your room tight, he shouldn't harm yuh."

Maria nodded. "Thank you for warning me, I'll lock up my room before bed, then."

The innkeeper nodded before turning away. Maria closed the door, and when she was sure nobody was near her room anymore, Maria sighed. "Elicia is going to be so proud of me."

~~~~~

"What the hell were you thinking!" Elicia screamed, throwing Maria off balance. Maria had left the inn at first light, making her way back to RavenSteel castle in no time at all. She had been expecting praise from her teacher, but this emotion had been one she was not expecting. "I send you off on a mission to gain Intel from a diplomat, and you end up gutting him and his guards like pigs!"

"Well, he tried to kiss me..." Maria said sheepishly, and Elicia threw up her hands in frustration.

"Oh, I'm sorry, if you had said that sooner, I wouldn't be so upset! Gods forbid a filthy Ugredian, diplomat or not, place his filthy lips upon a Caryinean!" Elicia retorted, sarcasm dripping from every word. "The least you could have done was tortured him for information!"

"Well..." Maria tried picking her words carefully. "He was going to murder Lord Walter. He even stated that he'd hang on to me until the task was completed, just so I wouldn't forewarn anyone."

Elicia calmed down just as quickly as anger engulfed her earlier. "Is this true?"

"He told it to my face, so..."

Elicia started pacing. "Did he mention anything of Prince Henry?"

Maria shook her head. "Nothing at all."

Elicia kept pacing, racking her brain for what this may mean. "He's the only heir to the throne, so killing him along with Lord Walter would completely cripple the castle... Unless it was too risky to get both, after all, they only were a group of three..."

"What about the rumors of Prince Henry?" Maria suggested, and Elicia's eyes lit up.

"They must have heard some rumor of his waning popularity, and thought him a pushover, not even worth the time. With Lord Walter dead, it would already leave the castle in a short state of disrepair, so we-" Elicia was cut off as the door to the room opened, and Sarah stumbled in. Maria and Elicia both could sense the tension in the air, and it was confirmed by Sarah's worried expression. "What's wrong?" Elicia asked. Sarah took a minute to catch her breath. It was obvious from the sweat on her forehead that she had been running all the way back.

"Ugredia is amassing an army at the border, bigger than the army of the Caryinean-Ugredian war half a century ago, and it's getting bigger."

Elicia was speechless at the news, and she sat into a chair. Sarah and Maria exchanged worried glances. Elicia had put her head in her hands, and she said, "Maria, go get Lady Lunett, I need to speak with her." Maria nodded, although a little confused, and ran to the door.

She was stopped by the furious Lord Walter who was stomping into the room. Maria knew this could only mean even more bad news, and she thought she may as well stick around to find out before getting the tailor.

"Regnevis is under attack, and they are preparing to go to war! I thought you and your spies were supposed to tell me before the common stable hand knows of this!"

Elicia looked up in worry. "Don't tell me, it's those damned insects, isn't it?"

"Yes, the Yenoroze are cutting through Regnevis like a thrown javelin. They are destroying anything they see, but they seem to have a destination in mind. The Crown of the Blood Soaked Wings herself is leading the tireless charge."

*013*2015-04-02 04:03

Sorry for not posting earlier! I didn't want to post on April 1st (although, for some, I'm technically doing so, but I'm using Eastern time, so I may as well go by that). Anyways, I'm going to be adding more omo back in the next chapter.

Chapter 6: A Taste of Real Combat

~~~

Alys followed behind Tejjun, wondering what had made him so nervous. It was unlike Tejjun to show any signs of unease, yet Tejjun was nervously thumbing his sleeve as they walked. Alys even heard his uncertain voice when he called her to follow him to the war room earlier. Just the location she was requested to visit left Alys herself uneasy, let alone Tejjun's lack of reassurance. Alys couldn't bear the silence any longer, and she ran forward a few paces before turning around, barring Tejjun's path. Tejjun tried to walk around, but Alys swiftly moved in the way once more, her arms now crossed over her chest.

"What is with you today?" Alys could see Tejjun try to respond, yet Alys put up her hand to stop him. "No 'you'll find out soon enough', I want answers. Now."

Tejjun smiled back before answering. "Well, I guess it wouldn't hurt to tell you, even if your way of asking was rather rude-"

"Who are you calling rude?"

"-Anyways, we'll find out the details soon enough, but apparently the problem is so big that it requires this kingdom's best tactician."

"Now I see why he was so nervous, I heard amazing things about her, like her ability to predict how a battle will turn out, guaranteed."

Alys stepped to the side, and they both continued walking until they reached the war room. The war room in itself was rather plain, although its walls were covered with maps of not only the general area, but all over the kingdom. The widest wall was practically a mural, pieces of parchment overlapping another in a way that connected them to one huge map of RavenSteel and its neighboring lands. Main and side roads were drawn out in careful detail, and even the castle itself had some of its own details carefully drawn out. The wall near the entrance had multiple chests and hanging cabinets, and some of which were obviously overflowing with even more maps. The ceiling had white glass skylights which allowed in the mid-day light while keeping the sky itself out of view.

A large, square table was in the middle of the room, and multiple figures were already standing around it. Walter, Henry, Maria, and surprisingly even Anna were all standing in the same room. Apparently, the topic at the moment had to do with Anna's presence.

"I still don't see why your maid has to be with you for an event as important as this. It's a matter of war, not a matter of lunch!" Walter shouted at Henry. Anna was standing behind Henry, trembling.

"I can leave if you wan-" Anna whispered into Henry's ear, but she was cut off by Henry's counter argument to his father.

"I don't see why you're so suspicious, father. To think you are so scared of a servant-"

"I'm not scared, I think you're making a mockery of the war room if you just allow anyone in!"

"Well it's not just our lives at risk, father-"

"But that doesn't mean we want the enemy to know-"

"Now she's the enemy!"

"That's not what I-"

Suddenly, a loud crack was heard as Maria slammed the pommel of her dagger onto the table's surface. Silence fell upon the room in an instant. Maria waited a few seconds before she smoothly placed the knife back into its sheath, and she filled the silence with her own voice before anyone else could react. "I see no problem with having her here, so long as she understands one thing." Maria said, the whole time she walked around the table towards Anna. Anna looked past Henry towards Maria as she heard the next words, which were directed towards her. "You and I both know you mean no harm, yet if I hear one word of our plans uttered from your mouth, even to some nobody, I will have you wish your lips were much tighter." Maria smiled. "That clear?"

Anna gulped. "Aye."

Maria turned towards Lord Walter. "Happy?"

Walter grumbled, yet he waved as if to say 'whatever'.

"I think it's about time we talk about the battle we are preparing for." Tejjun said.

"Aye, let's get down to business." Maria said. "Strategist, please don't rhyme, we want to understand these plans, not to sing them."

The tailor bowed. "My humblest apologies, but it's much easier if-"

"No exceptions, 'else you'll regret it."

Alys and Anna both were taken aback, as they realized that Lady Lunet was the strategist that had been spoken so fondly of by many Lords.

Lady Lunet stood up straight. "Y-yes, milady." Lady Lunet walked forward and pointed on the map. "W-well, we'll have three groups of troops stretched out, and I'll tell you what they'll use. I think this area is the best, 'lest anyone refus- I mean, thinks otherwise." Lady Lunet looked up in worry, yet Maria motioned to go on. Taking a breath, she collected her thoughts before forming them into words. "We'll equip our main force with some sort of range. The enemy will be flying, after all."

"Flying? Are you insane? We're fighting humans!" Walter interrupted.

"Maybe a small division, but do you recall the Yenoroze that were reported?"

"We all are aware of that by now, I made sure of it."

"Well, I think I know what they are planning. After all, a mad charge would mean no siege equipment, and why raze a village up north that they can't much more easily do so down south? If..." The tailor paused, feeling as if the words she was saying were oddly placed. "If they wanted resources through pillaging, they could get more in Regnevia. I'm assuming the Yenoroze had seen the building military of Ugredia and realized they could steal some siege equipment, then choose who to attack up north freely."

Henry slammed his fist down. "This is all assumptions! I don't like preparing for something we don't even know will come to light!"

Lunet smiled. "I think we both know my guess is better than anyone else here." Henry stayed silent, so Lunet continued. "Anyways, we'll have our two mages on the hill. From their vantage, it will be easy to kill... the enemy." Lunet corrected herself as she registered a glare from Maria.

"Wait, is this why I was called here?" Alys asked. Maria nodded.

"My servant here thinks magic will prove a potent weapon. Tejjun spoke fondly of one of your spells... A flamethrower, right Tejjun?"

"Right."

Alys blushed. "Tejjun better not have told the whole story..."

Maria pointed to the hill Lunet had mentioned earlier. "Both of you will be here to act as range support. The key is that both of you stay hidden until we call for your services, otherwise you'll be fighting an entire army all on your own."

Alys could already imagine facing off against an army. No matter how she thought about it, she could only see herself as ending up dead.

Lord Walter took this opportunity to speak up. "Well, Henry, I guess you have your work cut out for you."

Henry spun around to face his father. "What are you saying? None of the men trust me! you should lead the defense."

Walter shook his head. "That's all the more reason you do so now. If something were to happen to me, you wouldn't have an able soldier willing to fight for you. I'm going to be busy building our defenses during the little skirmish in case they push through, so you'll have to command the army."

"I also advise you don't tell your troops that we know the Yenoroze will attack." Lunet said.

"Why not?" Henry asked.

"Well, how do you think they'll react if they knew they were being lead by you against Yenoroze?" Henry nodded in response. If he didn't tell them, they would pretty much be forced to attack the Yenoroze.

Lady Lunet brought out some scrolls of paper, along with a few inkwells and a couple quills. "Well, now that we have gone over the big picture, let's work on the details.

~~~~

Prince Henry had to check his horse as it started forward nervously. The mounted men around him shared such nervousness, and his ears caught the whispers of a man close by. "This kid's gonna get us killed, I'm glad we're at the back, I can't trust following orders from someone still wet behind the ears. I'm splitting the first chance I get."

"Is that so?" Henry said, and the man flinched, realizing he had been caught.

"I'm sorry, I wasn't-"

"Planning on going to the front lines, but now you are. I can't command an army with such cowardice to support my front ranks, so you'll be joining me."

The man recoiled in shock. "Joining you? As in, you're heading to the front?"

"That was my plan, yes. I'm aware of everyone's lack of confidence in me, so I may as well show I'm ready to risk my life like the lot of you... well, most of you." The two moved forward, parting through the ranks. They were just behind the main body, more of a support force of cavalry, able to move between all three parts to respond quickly to a weakening line. The position held archers at the rear with swordsmen in front of them. The Swordsmen then filled the front most rank, the very front ones carrying extremely long spears that currently swayed in the air. The left flank was made up of swordsmen carrying massive oaken shields, these were to be discarded when the left flank was told to close in. The men farther back held throwing spears, and a majority were currently holding them, ready for action.

Henry and the man moved to the right flank, which had a group of cavalry. Henry's personal guard was surrounding the two as the changed position, and His personal banner waved through the air behind him. This banner was like the normal RavenSteel banner, black with a red pickax in the middle, yet a red border surrounded this one. Before they could even make it into position, Henry could see a lone rider cantering towards his lines. Henry moved forward to meet him, the man was a scout. "I assume you've spotted them?" Henry asked. The scout nodded.

"Aye, we'll see them shortly, should appear a little to the right of those trees there." The scout pointed over his shoulder. Henry nodded his acknowledgment, and the man cantered off, his job done. The scout was excellent at his work, and he couldn't be wasted in the coming battle, as his skills lied elsewhere. Besides, his horse was spent from the ride back, and was not suited for the heat of combat any time soon.

It had been a few minutes before the opposing army was spotted, and with the use of a pair of binoculars Henry had fashioned, he could make out the banners colors. "It's the Ugredians, they're definitely here to fight." Henry said. He looked to the right to see if Tejjun and Alys were in place on the hill, and a small flash of light showed they were ready. "Send the acknowledgment signal." Henry told one of his guards.

"Aye, Prince." The man retrieved a short bow, it was of no means suited for battle, but it still could fire an arrow. The man pulled a small arrow that had cloth wrapped at the tip, soaked in oil from its container. As he drew the bow back and pointed upwards, Henry lit the arrow with some flint and the edge of his sword, and the resulting spark caught the cloth, igniting the tip. The man let go, and the arrow arced upward, leaving a thin trail of smoke.

"What's your name?" Henry asked the cowardly man beside him.

"Arold, Prince Henry."

"Well, Arold, let's hope we both make it out of here... with our honor, mind you." Arold shifted in the saddle at those words, feeling the eyes from Henry's personal guard fall upon him.

A few minutes passed, and the opposing army was quickly proving it had a high number of men at its disposal. Henry pulled a horn from his hip, holding it to the side as he prepared for the attack. He planned on engaging the enemy with his cavalry first to help draw them out in a thin line before retreating past his spearmen. The rest would pan out with how the enemy reacts, but Henry was ready in case it didn't go well. Soon, something caught his eye.

"What is that?" A man shouted. A shadow rose from the trees, and the enemy army stopped in their tracks.

"I think it's arrows, we're being reinforced!" Shouted another man. The men beside him cheered.

"No!" Henry shouted, hearing the cheers die down. "Do you not see? There would have to be thousands of archers for that to be arrows, and they have been hovering in the air for longer than normal." Just as he said that, the shadow finally arced down, and he could see the enemy army moving uncertainly. "The enemy isn't being attacked by our allies, they have been attacked by another one of our enemies, the Yenoroze!"

Henry could hear Arold catch his breath as he realized it had to be true. No thrown object could have stayed airborne that long. The Yenoroze were attacking the Ugredian army.

~~~~~~~~

Alys was lying on her back, looking up at the clouds as they lazily went by. Alys' long cyan dress, while not really blending in with the grass, helped blend in with the sky, which was more preferable while she was on the hill. Underneath her dress was a layer of chain mail, something Lady Lunet had insisted on.

"If the Ugredians survive the Yenoroze attack, we have no idea where they will retreat to." Lunet had stated. "And if we don't fully engage the Yenoroze, they could just as easily attack you. It's better than nothing, and we'll need mages like you in the future."

Alys hoped she didn't have to see an enemy up close. It was one thing killing a wild animal whose soul purpose is to want her dead, it's a whole other thing when she has to fight humans who all have their own personal lives, even if they all despised her for her country of residence.

Alys sighed. "Why must countries clash on such a beautiful day? Only a few clouds are in the sky, and it's the warmest day of the month..."

"Ready to fight?" Tejjun called, yet Alys simply rolled on her side, staring across the hill.

"You mean 'ready to wait'. We still have to wait until the enemy is attacking our forces before we can even do anything."

Tejjun smiled. "I thought you always wanted to be a knight. This is what knights do, you know."

"But I always wanted to be a freelance! I wanted to earn honor-"

"And what better place than the battlefield?"

Alys lifted herself with one arm as she still lay in the grass. "Well, I don't really want honor!"

Tejjun sat next to Alys and looked in her eyes. "Then what do you want, if not honor?"

"I just..." Alys couldn't hold Tejjun's gaze any longer, and she fell onto her back, staring once more at the clouds floating above. "I just want respect. Nobody will hand it to me for being 'that knight', or 'that blacksmith', or even 'that mage'! I want to be a role model, someone that leads the way, even if to set the path for others to go further along than I ever did. I want someone to appreciate me... to respect me." Alys looked to her side at Tejjun. "Is that too much to ask?"

This time, it was Tejjun's turn to look away. "No, it's not." He said. "We all want to alter history one way or another, even if it's just to get our names out there for a day or two. But some of us have to pass barriers none of us thought would even be there, and they might not even be there for those to come. But in order to get our names out there, we'll still need to do something."

"Don't get philosophical on me." Alys giggled. "I'm just spouting out my thoughts, not trying to start a debate."

Tejjun gave a short laugh. "Ah, but it was the truth, and a truth that's more attuned to you than you realize. You and that sword are going to go a long way." Tejjun said, pointing to Alys' rapier. It was lying a foot away, easily accessible, but not truly in anyone's possession. Alys looked doubtful of Tejjun's words, but she followed along with what he was saying. "Don't ask me for proof, as I have none. I just have that... feeling, you know? Like... when you've been pounding on raven-steel, and you don't really see that it's ready, you just know it is."

Alys could now understand, the words being placed into something she understood. While she hadn't made a weapon, she had practiced working small pieces of steel, and she understood what it felt like when it was just right. "Like that weird tingling feeling?" she said, pointing towards her hand that would normally hold the steel with tongs.

Tejjun smiled. "Yes, that 'tingling feeling'. I know it's going to happen, I can sense it."

~~~~~~~~

Henry saw the Ugredian army crumple under the Yenoroze flank. The few ranged units that they had were the first targets, so there was nothing to stop the flying menace. Henry realized his earlier plan with cavalry would be a bad idea. None of his cavalry had ranged weapons, they would be utterly useless in acting as bait.

"Everyone, dismount!" Henry shouted, and the confused men quickly obliged.

"What's going on?" Arold asked, watching as Henry drew his sword.

"Change of plans, we mix with the main body." Henry shouted the second half of the sentence to the whole group. they quickly merged, and Henry could already see the Yenoroze getting close. "They sure move quickly..." He whispered to himself. Seeing them near, he blew the horn he was holding twice, and the archers of the main body started shooting. A few of the flying Yenoroze fell dead, yet many continued forward. Henry knew his original plan, while effective against human tactics, was now falling apart as the insects simply planned on flying. He blew his horn three times, which signaled the left flank to throw their spears, toss down their shields, and then close in. This mostly only affected the enemies closer towards the left flank, so it didn't have too much of a noticable affect. The insects tried flying over the spearmen, yet the long spears made it easy to stab upwards into the sky. Yet again, a few died while the majority still advanced.

"I hate all out brawls." Henry muttered, seeing the Yenoroze finally fall to the ground. One of them stood in front of him now, its entire body was made of chitin, and its grotesque head had five eyes and an ugly maw. The three eyes closer to the center of the face were larger than the other two. Its shiny brown exoskeleton held massive, yet at the moment folded wings. It was an ordinary Yenoroze, although what made this one truly distinct was its right arm and left side of its face. A triangle pattern on its face was bright red, and its arm a dark red. This showed where it had regenerated its limbs after combat, and its arm obviously had been chopped off more than once from its darker coloration.

Henry dodged its attack and moved forward, slicing at its right arm, which it seemed to care little about as it cracked and severed. He then spun around in time to block its next attack, and he kicked at its legs. However, the chitin prevented the kick from doing anything, so Henry had to retreat back. Henry turned just in time to see some of the fleeing Ugredians running up the hill.

"Damn insects have the dumbest luck."

~~~~~~~

Tejjun could see the demoralized men running up the hill. He turned to Alys and motioned her to stand up. "Looks like we'll have to do more today than you expect. Ready a fireball spell, we need to scare them away from us, not necessarily kill them."

Alys nodded, and she conjured a small fireball. Holding it in her hand, she waited for the right opportunity before casting it, sending it zooming towards the closest man. It hit his armor, and he stopped as he panicked, the fire spreading out and causing heat to fill his armor. The most harm it did was singe his hair through his helmet, but it definitely got everyone's attention. Most of them changed paths, heading away from the hill and the battle.

Most of them, however, as a few lone soldiers decided that it was a great idea to continue running up the hill. Not from fear or terror, but with determination. Determination in reaching the mages.

The two mages back up a few paces as they shot more fireballs, trying to keep them at bay, yet they were dodging to the best of their ability. A knight wearing a rather ornate version of armor (while still being practical) seemed to be leading the charge, his massive shield and solid war hammer not even slowing him down.

Alys, starting to panic, used her signature flamethrower, and it rocketed towards the man. She could see it spread as it hit the man's shield, yet she knew no shield could sustain that for long. The shield would melt and become unusable, or the heat alone would keep it off the man's arm. Feeling as though her attack had been long enough, she stopped casting, surveying her results.

And now terror truly started to grasp her, as she saw the man running at her with twice the speed. And entirely clad in raven-steel armor. The fire had no affect, and any more would prove useless.

"This is going really, really badly." Tejjun said.

"You think?!" Alys snapped, turning to run away. Tejjun followed just behind, both of them trying to keep a good distance from the oncoming men. They both knew they would be needed in the battle, but they couldn't help if they were dead.

Running down the hill seemed to be more difficult than expected. The men chasing them opted for running around to save time, whilst the downward path Alys and Tejjun were now on was full of rocks, making the descent much slower than they wanted. They stumbled a few times, yet they would always gain their balance right after. That is, until Alys managed to stumble upon a small hole. It caught her boot, and while she tried pulling free, it seemed to prefer pulling her face first into the ground. Alys scrambled to gain some ground, yet she realized she had no choice but to fight now. This slip had cost her too much time, and the men were almost upon her. Lifting her rapier, she unsheathed it, tossing the sheath to the side. Facing off against raven-steel armor already left her at a disadvantage, yet the heavy armor her attackers wore made it that much worse.

The man who lead the charge earlier slowed a few feet away, his shield to the side and war hammer pointed down. The man, surprisingly enough, was not breathing too heavily, and he seemed to rather enjoy the run, as implied by his next words.

"Ah, that was fun, now how about you surrender and we call it a day?"

Alys held her ground, her rapier pointing at the man. The man laughed.

"You really think your little toothpick can pierce my armor? And what are you, a mage, doing with such a nasty thing? You could poke your eye out, you pretty little thing!"

Alys turned her head and saw Tejjun was looking back, worried. Alys could see he was getting ready to run back to help her, yet she shook her head frantically. She knew neither of them would win in a fight, it was best that one of them got away while the other got captured.

That, at least, was what they had talked about during the long hours of waiting on the hill, yet right now, she thought nothing of her life, thinking only to slay this arrogant man who liked nothing but to demean her.

Despite her determined stance she had at first, it broke for a moment as Alys moved her legs closer, feeling a light pressure between her legs.

"Well, let's begin!" Alys' opponent said, who quickly performed an uppercut with his war hammer.

Alys was caught off guard, and she tumbled backwards, just barely dodging the war hammer, followed by a woosh of air trailing behind it. She had almost died in an instant.

Apparently, her bladder seemed to be thinking of something other than the battle for her life, as it emptied a long spurt. A noticeable wet patch appeared on the from of her dress before she could even regain control. Even then, Alys was shaking in fear as she had only just kept her grip on the sword.

There was no doubt about it, Alys was terrified.

"Look at you, the poor little girl who thinks she can use a sword and magic at the same time. Didn't you know you're supposed to pick one or the other, or did your pa forget to tell you?"

Alys could feel tears well up in her eyes. If it was one thing Alys hated, it was verbal abuse. Alys stood up and charged forward, stabbing and swinging at the man erratically. Only two stabs hit his armor, all the rest and all the swings were blocked by his shield. When the man got tired of blocking the attacks, he swung the hammer, causing Alys to flinch. The man shoved his shield at Alys' head, and it banged loudly, causing Alys to fall backwards, absolutely stunned.

Alys' vision blurred, and the figures in front of her seemed to duplicate and merge at will as she tried to keep consciousness.

"Someone tie her up. Oh, and retrieve her sword and sheath, I like the look of them." said the man.

"Yes, Duke Terius." Replied one of the other knights that had followed him."

Alys could feel her hands being bound together, and herself being lifted in the air. Alys soon sunk away from consciousness.

~~~~~~

Henry had already dispatched three Yenoroze, and his forehead was covered in perspiration. His arms were getting tired, and his breathing was ragged. Henry was seriously doubting his ability to fight any longer. That's when he saw it. The Crown of the Blood Soaked Wings, otherwise known as SavageRegalia. She is the emperor of the Yenoroze, most distinguishable from her entirely black exoskeleton. As if in sync, the Yenoroze that blocked its path moved out of the way, pushing the RavenSteel forces to the sides. SavageRegalia had a red cloak wrapped haphazardly around its shoulders, and it walked forward towards Henry. It held a blade in each hand, with each one being jagged all along the edge. Blood dripped from each blade, obviously from recent victims. Henry knew this meant his end, yet he could no longer feel any terror. Henry knew the emperor would spend no time fooling around, preferring to go for the kill as soon as possible.

Henry stepped forward, sword in both hands as he gently bounced on his feet. Seeing it jump forward, he moved to the side, blocking the side swing it made. It quickly cut upwards with its other weapon, and Henry felt his armor screech in reply as it moved across his arm's plate mail. Henry could tell it seriously damaged his armor. Henry lunged straight at the emperor, yet it deftly moved to the side watching as Henry tumbled forward, helplessly trying to parry SavageRegalia's next attack. The blade was forced to the ground as both shortswords it held pushed it downwards, and Henry tried his best pulling it free.

He didn't need to wait long, as a giant icicle slammed into the thing's shoulder. The Yenoroze didn't cry in pain, instead only moving back from the force of the impact. Henry took the opportunity to gain some distance from the horrid thing, and from a quick glance behind him, he could see Tejjun.

"Took you long enough." Henry called back, panting as adrenaline continued to pump through his veins.

"Well, it's not like I could do anything when I was ambushed by routing Ugredians." Tejjun shouted back. He then grabbed a stone off the ground and held it back in his hand. The rock molded into a narrow, pointed javelin, and he threw it towards the emperor. The wait behind the projectile forced SavageRegalia to dodge, and its arms shown a massive cut in her attempt of moving away. The Crown of the Blood Soaked Wings could sense its advantage was gone, so its massive wings spread out, mirroring the look of stain glass windows. It flapped into the air, followed by the rest of the Yenoroze, and they sailed off towards the discarded siege equipment the Ugredians had discarded.

Tejjun tried sending a few spells its way, but they proved useless. "I hate those ugly things." He muttered.

"Me to." Henry replied, sinking to one knee. Henry was exhausted from the battle, and he took that moment to regain his strength.

"If you don't mind, I'd like to ask a favor of you."

Henry looked up at Tejjun. "I do mind, but go ahead."

"Well, it appears my apprentice has been captured. Seeing as we're done with this battle, I'd like to go steal her back."

Henry smiled. "You mean rescue her?"

Tejjun's face reflected the same grin as was on Henry's. "No, steal is more fitting. I like to think she had no say in becoming a mage."

*016*2015-04-02 19:36

Thanks for the comments, I definitely appreciate them! I'm working on the next chapter, I hope it is just as enjoyable, if not more so!

*018*2015-04-03 14:02

{{:

Raven Steel seems a lot like Darksteel from MTG... was that your inspiration for it? (the metal, that is.)

}}

I didn't really have an inspiration, I more of just created it out of the blue to have a reason mages are unpopular (I don't even play magic...)

I looked up Darksteel, and I'd say that it's not like that, for the most part. So Darksteel is indestructible (from what I have read). Raven-steel, on the other hand, is not. To physical attacks, raven-steel Is slightly stronger than steel, not by a lot, but by enough to convince people to use it even though there are few mages left (plus who doesn't like the cool black shimmer?) To magic, it absorbs it, nulling the damage (although there are some ways to work around it, as it isn't 100% magic resistant, but I'll explain that at a later date.)

Oh, so I wrote this down so I would remember, raven-steel is the metal, without the hyphen is fine too as long as it has a space. RavenSteel/Ravensteel is the Castle and fief (castles are named after the province normally, although capitals can have an exception).

*020*2015-04-05 04:53

Thanks, I'm glad you enjoyed it so far!

*022*2015-04-06 18:04

{{:

Whaaaa there's a thread for this. I need to look at the site beyond the RP realm sometimes.

}}

Heh, sorry I didn't tell you, I assumed you knew.{{

Also curious of the implied growing relationship between Anna and the prince, which isn't exactly surprising. Escalated to bringing her to war council meeting behind the scenes though, which is weird. Doesn't necessarily matter just weird. It also could have escalated in previous part and I don't remember x.x

}}

I might be rushing that a bit, but I really wanted to get the main characters displayed before I focused mostly on Alys. The main reason I had the escalation was... Well, I'll just say it's not because Henry necessarily wanted HER there, any servant would have been fine.

*023*2015-04-10 06:56

I had decided to post a short explanation of some of the spells that are known in this world, but I decided to do so with a short chapter! This one will have no affect on the release of chapter seven, so no need to get worried about that.

Chapter 6.5: The Magic Tree Explained

~~~~

Lord Walter walked into 'Tejjun's' tower, seeing the main room empty. Walter was in casual attire, simple cotton clothes to keep himself warm, and nothing special to display his nobility. Looking towards Tejjun's room, he saw a dim light emitting from the crack underneath the door, along with the keyhole. Rapping on the door twice, Walter could hear a surprised "Gah!" followed by a loud "FOOM!"", and the light behind the door suddenly grew bright before calming back down. A minute past before Walter hit the door once more, yet this time Tejjun replied with a "Stop with all the knocking and just let yourself in, why don't you?"

Lord Walter opened the door to see Tejjun splashing water on his face from a bowl of water he had set on his desk. The water, however, wasn't entirely clear, and it was a slightly dark grey. "Did I catch you at a bad time?" Lord Walter asked, and Tejjun threw up his hands.

"No, this is the perfect time! First I lose my apprentice, then you barge into my room much like a bull, and then you decide to interrupt me while I'm trying to cut my hair!" Tejjun's hair was shorter now, although any slight singe marks on it were now fully realized as some of his hair had burned unevenly.

"Well, it's not really cutting your hair if you're not using a sharp object."

Tejjun shook his head before pointing at his silver mirror. "And look at this, the mirror is slightly warped, and I think there's soot on it now!"

Walter ignored the angry sorcerer and looked around the room. A bookshelf stacked with hundreds of books was lining one wall, and the bookshelf was completely full. No space on it wasn't filled, and the books weren't jammed tightly into the shelf either. Upon closer inspection, the books seemed to be smaller the closer they were to the top, making it easier to replace the books from where they were taken.

Walter could hear Tejjun now rambling about how his desk could have been damaged from the little house fire, yet Walter decided he may as well stop the mage short. "Having trouble figuring out where Alys was taken?"

Tejjun stopped mid-rant, looking back at the man. "Well, yes, but no need to worry, we just have to hope the tracker we got can follow tracks left by a man in a metal suit."

"You're fearful of the news he may bring back, especially if he knows where she is."

Tejjun looked away. "Hmmph, I don't see why you're busying yourself with me, I'm just a man who uses incantations..."

"I always thought summoners used incantations..." Walter said, and Tejjun just gave a tired look.

"For the love of... Is there any reason why you insist on bothering me?"

Lord Walter stood up straight. "Is that any way to talk to a noble?"

"You and I both know we're both nobles, whether or not you are of higher ranking than I. Now stop dodging the question already!"

Walter smirked. "Well, I was just wondering what you could tell me about magic, and what types of mages there are." Tejjun sat back in an armchair, looking at the ceiling. Walter took this time to sit on the end of Tejjun's bed.

"Well," Tejjun started, "first things first, there is only one type of magic, the one that consumes water for ethereal purposes."

"Ghosts?"

"No, not ghosts, I mean elegant purposes! Magic is a noble art, and it can go wrong if not treated with the utmost care." Tejjun took in the blank stare Walter responded with and simply continued on. "As I was saying, there's only one type of magic, so alchemists are just losers brewing random gunk until they make a poisonous brew they feed the dumb, including themselves. Summoners don't exist either, as what they supposedly do is create otherworldly beings with a little slight of hand, maybe with an arcane symbol or two."

Walter nodded is acknowledgment. "So what types of magic do you know? I heard of some sort of 'tree'."

Tejjun stood up, grabbed a book and sat back down, flipping through some of the pages. "So we usually call it a magic tree because it splits off into 'branches' of magic, which get into more specific spells which are the branches of those branches." Tejjun turned his book around to face Walter, pointing inside. It read:

Accrual - - Healing

| - Shield

Displacement - - Blink

| - Telekinesis

Elemental - - Earth

| - Fire

| - Ice

Illusion - - Gleam

| - Invisibility

| - Shimmer

| - Shroud

"So, this book is outdated, but it has the four main categories. Accrual is a layered type of magic. Healing does exactly what is sounds like, healing broken limbs and cuts in skin. Shielding is for protecting against magical attacks, but it can also be used to block physical attacks if you are powerful enough. Everything in the Accrual category will get stronger the more you use the same spell on an existing spell, so a healing wound will heal even faster, and a shield will block even more, although shields are more complicated than that. I won't bore you with the details on shields, so I'll skip ahead."

"Wait, hold on." Walter asked. "The next one is displacement, is that movement spells?"

Tejjun nodded. "Yes. Blink is rather commonly used by mages in a hurry. It teleports someone a good distance forward, depending on how much they concentrate. Mages don't really need to concentrate too hard for it to work as desired, often preferring to go a few feet forward at a fast rate than a large distance at a slow rate. This is because the main drawback is that it can be blocked by solid objects."

"Like walls?"

"Yes, but it can range from other people, leaves (which are really annoying), and even if you're chained up. Rain and snow do not seem to block it, however, and I think that may be because we use water for our spells."

Walter smiled, pointing at the next spell in the Displacement category. "And I thought this was a myth!"

"Well, Telekinesis is hard to master for one, and two, it costs massive amounts of water to move anything a long distance. I had a friend who tried to use it once, may he rest in peace..."

"He died of thirst?"

Tejjun gave a wicked grin. "Actually, while touring the castle with a lady, he thought it was a brilliant idea to use it to push up her skirt. It probably wasn't the best idea that he did so while showing her the balcony of a rather tall tower. But enough of that," Tejjun pointed to the word Elemental, "here's the most well known section, you already know a little bit about this if I remember correctly."

"Aye, but there's something off... were is fireball and flamethrower?"

"Ah, this is not only outdated, but it doesn't get any farther than directly after the four main categories. So earth is rock based, requiring actual rocks to work, while fire and ice only require water. There are many ways to use fire and the like, as you already know, but explaining all that might leave your head spinning."

"I think it's spinning already."

"Well, don't worry, we're almost done. The last main category is Illusion. Now, this book bases it solely around light, although I can think of at least one other illusion spell that doesn't affect light. That doesn't really matter, thought, so I'll leave that out. Gleam is used often, as it lights areas and can be used to blind opponents. It's easy to confuse with sunlight, however, so it's not the best at being used for a signal."

"Is that..." Walter was eyeing the word 'Invisibility'.

"Well, that one is great for a few jokes, but it's not very useful." Tejjun could see Walter's confusion, but he felt no need to elaborate on its unimportance. "We often teach that one early on, as it can be quick to learn. Shimmer we usually teach after, as it's more of a failed version of Invisibility, although on an open space instead of yourself. It's mostly used as a distraction, as it warps the light and even changing it colors, but it can be used on yourself if you wish. Although, to be fair, using it on yourself can make you disoriented and ill, for obvious reasons." Tejjun tapped the last word. "And Shroud is the opposite of Gleam, so I don'r really need to explain that. So if that'll be all, I need to have a servant get me a new mirror while they have mine reshaped, is that okay with you?"

"I'm fine with that." Walter then stuck out his hand. "Well, I'll be on my way."

Tejjun grabbed the open hand. He cringed as Walter gripped his hand way tighter than he expected, and Tejjun could swear that, upon his hand being released, that his fingers had dislocated. They hadn't, but that didn't stop Tejjun from cradling the injured hand. Walter left the room, and already Tejjun wondered what had made him worry so much. After all, he was sure they wouldn't harm Alys, or at the very least not too much.

*024*2015-04-30 03:54

Finally, the chapter is done! The added time definitely improved this chapter, and I hope everyone enjoys the short Omorashi scene I put in (hinted slightly in chapter 6).

Chapter 7: A Noble Prisoner

~~~~~~~~

Alys slowly opened her eyes, taking in the little light that was in the room. From her lying position, she could see a closed window, and it was a dark, dark blue outside. Obviously, she had been unconscious until night time. Sitting up in the bed, she flinched and gritted her teeth as her head pounded. It was like a drum was beating as hard as possible in her skull, or, in fact, that a drummer was inside her head pounding on her skull itself. She used her hand to keep the pain to a minimum, regretting not having a chance to dodge the attack that had left her in this state.

After a short time it subsided, and Alys was able to concentrate on her surroundings. Of course, just as her pain subsided, her aching bladder made itself known, and she pressed her right hand to keep it from emptying. It didn't help too much, as she was still wearing her chain-mail from earlier, which was now cold. Alys bounced her feet to keep it under control, and soon it faded away, but definitely not to nothingness.

The dark room was lit by a fireplace across the room, yet it was getting close to burning out at the moment. Alys could tell it must have been burning for quite some time already, as the room was still rather warm. The room was well decorated, the windows made of clear glass instead of cheap green glass, and the fireplace's mantle had a few images carved into it. The floor was wooden except what was closest to the fireplace, which was made of smooth stone.

However, on closer inspection of the window, she could see that bars were placed in front of it, slightly hidden by the drapes. Along with that, the door to her room was metal, and there was no other entrance to it. Lifting up her right hand, she could see a shackle made of raven-steel. "It hardly matters what metal it's made of," Alys thought, licking her dry lips. "I'm rather dehydrated right now, it's not like I could use any magic to break it." Her bladder made itself known once more, and she thought "Dehydrated or not, I really have to pee." Alys looked around the room once more, yet a chamber pot was not in site, and the only door led right outside her cell. Alys bit her lip, hoping someone would show up soon to help her ever-filling bladder.

She checked her hidden sheath, and she heaved a sigh of relief when she found her knife. It hadn't been confiscated, and she could use it so long as she kept it out of her captor's eyes. Alys wanted to be cautious, though, as her carelessness was what doomed her fight from the start. The moment she lost her temper, all her skill was out of the picture. Better to use it when she had figured out an escape route than to see where the wind took her. Especially since she still rather needed a chamber pot. Alys closed her eyes and shook her head. "Focus on something other than peeing Alys!" She told herself, although she hardly believed she would take the advise.

Alys sat in her bed for a few minutes, taking in the room. Her shackle was attached to the wall closest to her bed, and despite the length of the chain, there was no way she could walk out of this room even if the door were unlocked, which she doubted. Looking out the window beside her, She noticed that she was in a tower. "Great, the old tower prison thing, I wonder if a dragon has me hostage, and what knight in shining armor will save me?" Alys wrapped her hands around the bars, peering down. "I have to admit, though, it does make it difficult to escape." The tower was at least five stories tall, and she wondered if there were more towers like this. Alys couldn't help but marvel at the spectacular view, in spite of herself. The castle walls extended not too far from her position, and from her vantage point, she could see rolling hills covered in pure white snow.

Alys turned as she heard the door to her room click, and she felt dizzy as she regretted turning so suddenly. When the door opened, a tall man walked in. He was wearing a dark blue shirt with matching trousers, and he had a purple cape draped over his shoulders. In his left hand, he held a sheathed rapier. Alys' heart skipped a beat, it was her rapier.

The man smiled as his eyes fell upon Alys. "Ah, so very nice to see you have awoken at last, I was expecting you to wake up any time now. I have to admit, I was starting to get worried I hit you too hard." Alys glared, and the man couldn't help but widen his grin. "Oh, I'm so sorry if I didn't introduce myself, I'm Duke Terrius, King Yungora's right hand." Duke Terrius bowed after saying this. Alys could feel anger slowly taking hold of her from the man's smugness.

"What's with all these formalities? I thought I was a prisoner." Alys shook her shackle to add emphasis.

"Well, it's not like some peasant would be carrying such a slim weapon, or any weapon for that matter." Duke Terrius slowly unsheathed the rapier before pointing the tip at Alys' nose. "I don't see any marking on this, what noble family are you from, by chance?"

Alys gulped. The only reason she was still alive was most likely the reasoning that she may be a princess. "That makes this stupid tower seem even more like a fairy tale." She thought absentmindedly.

Duke Terrius sheathed the sword, and Alys let out a sigh of relief, although her voice was still a little strained, for other reasons. "Well," Terrius started, "I guess we could always find out later. I bet your papa's going to pay a fortune for your safe return." He said, patting her head. Alys blushed, feeling like a helpless child in the situation.

"I-I have a request." Alys stuttered, and Duke Terrius raised an eyebrow as his response. "When do I get some food and water? I'm rather dehydrated, and my father wouldn't like it if I got ill."

The duke scoffed. "He may not like that you're being held for ransom, so I doubt a little illness will change matters very much. Food wise, I'll get some for you in a short while."

"And the water?"

"You'll get some, but I'm not too keen to let you have too much. I want to chat with you, and if you try to singe me with one of your cute little fire spells, I might lose my temper and slay you. Plus, I wouldn't want these clothes ruined."

Alys longed to stab this jester of a duke and run, but she didn't even know if he had the key to her shackle on him, so it was pointless to show her ace yet. Better to hold off for now. She watched as he left to get her food, and Alys simply lay back in her bed, thinking of her options. The bars on the window were not raven-steel, but without her magic it was an unlikely escape route. It was even worse when she realized she had no means of cushioning her fall nor slowing her descent, so that escape route would only lead to her death. Looking past Duke Terrius as he re-entered the room brought her hopes up. The staircase spiraled downwards in a counter-clockwise manner, so she could use that to her advantage if she got her rapier back. Of course, she would have to solve the problem that she lacked her weapon, along with the fact she was chained up in the room to begin with.

When Duke Terrius handed Alys a cooked piece of meat (she had no idea what it was), there was a fork, but there lacked a knife. Alys casually reached for her sheath before stopping herself, realizing she almost gave herself away. She continued the motion by patting her dress, as if she were expecting a non-existent utensil. After her clumsy attempt of covering her failure, she looked up at him. "I don't seem to have a knife, could you bring me one?"

Terrius pulled out his heavy bladed knife. Alys reached for the knife slowly, seeing the well oiled blade glint in the uncertain light. Suddenly, he pulled it back when Alys' hand had almost reached it. "You think I'm stupid enough to let you have a weapon?" The man said. "The fork is blunt enough that I care little for you to have it, but with a knife you might accidentally wound me."

Alys thought the word 'accidentally' really shouldn't have been in that sentence, but she knew why he said it, which only grated on her even more. The overly confident man soon left, and a thought struck Alys just as the door slammed shut. "W-wait! I..." Silence greeted her, and she worriedly wiggled her legs. "...might... pee myself..." Alys finished in her mind. Alys gently cursed, placing both hands between her legs to try and hold on for longer. After ten minutes of sitting on the edge of her bed, bouncing in place, she realized (with sadness) that nobody would be back from quite some time. She stared at the little water that was provided, and almost threw it across the room just to not see it, but simply lifting it showed the clear liquid sloshing around, and a sudden pressure almost pushed her over the edge, her hands digging between her legs as hard as they could. Alys hadn't leaked yet, but she was certainly close.

Honestly, it was for the better that she hadn't tossed her water, for she might not get some more until tomorrow. She decided to leave it were it was, not wanting to see it shift any more. Alys stood up slowly, feeling her bladder weigh down on her, and she started pacing around the room. Surely she could just pee in a corner somewhere, right? It was going to happen anyways whether she liked it or not, but she shook her head. "No." She thought to herself. "There has to be some other way." Alys started pacing once more, and soon she could no longer stand up straight, walking around slightly bent over. Her eyes darted between every object for the seventh time already, and nothing new had appeared. No pot, no hole, no useless fabric, nothing! Nothing to pee on, nothing to pee in, nothing to pee around. Just a bed, a fireplace, and a window with bars on it. Her food didn't even have a table, set beside her bed on the floor.

Alys shivered as another wave hit her, and this one got past her grip, dampening her panties. "N-no..." She whispered, pressing her hands into the skirt of her dress once more. She regretted doing so, as her hands felt damp from pressing against her wet panties. Removing them, her long cyan dress had a dark blotch on it the size of her fist. Of course, she didn't keep her hands away long, as the waves of desperation came more frequently, one after the other, more pee leaking out every time. Soon she finally gave in to peeing on the floor, but by then she couldn't even do that willingly, as she could no longer remove her hands. As soon as she removed her hands, she would instantly start peeing forcibly in her panties, yet waiting would only lead to the same result.

Alys stood slouched, holding her pee back and afraid of the inevitable, yet unable to stop it. Soon her pee started getting past her grip, and the damp patch in her dress grew wider and then trailed downwards, soon carrying pee straight to the floor. An audible hissing was heard, and the splashing of pee hitting pee filled the room. Alys' face turned bright red, and tears filled her eyes from both embarrassment and relief. She released for two minutes straight, and she almost collapsed on the floor from the relief. The pee had filled the boots Alys was wearing, so she had to sit down to try her best at emptying them. Tears reformed as she felt her soaked panties squish against her skin, and her boots emptied pee into the already existing puddle. She decided to leave her boots off, as putting them back on would only add to her misery.

Calming down, Alys quickly ate the meat provided earlier. It was high quality, surprisingly, and it cut easily enough with the blunt fork to not even require a knife. The meal was rather high class for a prisoner, even if she were a noble, so she assumed it was some way to butter her up. Or something. Alys didn't know, and frankly she didn't really care, especially with the accident she just had. The only real thing on her mind was the chain secured to the wall, and she used her hidden knife to get between the bolt head and the stone. At first she didn't get anywhere, but she picked at the stone until a small crevice allowed her to try and pry it from the wall. Sadly, the bolt barely moved at all, and after an hour and a half of work, she realized it was no use trying to rely on brute force alone. She hid the knife back in her dress, yet she had to wait some time before anything else happened. Duke Terrius walked in twenty minutes later.

He instantly saw the puddle and the still soaked Alys. Alys tried her best not to cry, but her vision blurred from her eyes wanting to anyways. He had ordered a guard to bring a bucket of water, which he dumped half of on Alys before telling her to use the other half to clean up the floor, giving her a rag to do so. During that time, he added some logs to the fireplace, which she used to warm herself up. Her clothes dried quickly, and she almost thanked Terrius for giving her the bucket of water to clean herself with. Almost. Soon, however, Terrius was back to his old, info loving self.

"I know it's rather boring, but I'd hope you'd answer some more questions."

Alys remained silent from her embarrassing accident, but she would have groaned audibly otherwise. The questions weren't dull, it was the way Terrius carried himself through the questions that made her dread each one. Especially with the fact that she had nothing to say. Alys decided it wouldn't hurt to give some bait to keep the man interested, though.

Duke Terrius shown the blade of the rapier, saying "I found a mark on here that seems to relate to either a blacksmith's mark... or a family seal. I wonder if you could help point it out?"

Alys knew her father placed a blacksmith's mark on the pommel, and he had marked out the emblem he had started to place on the blade. She was sure the emblem was gone, yet she didn't feel like checking. Instead, she made herself seem like the prisoner who knew she was getting out soon, and said, rather condescendingly, "My brother Cassius is going to run you through with that very sword, so you may as well get a good look while you have the chance..." Alys knew at least three nobles named Cassius, so it didn't really help Terrius' case too much. Terrius smiled in reply.

"You don't understand the situation you're in, little princess. The only time your brother will get the chance to even scratch me would be when I toss you in the dirt at his feet."

"He'll slay you where you stand, with how much money he gets from trading he-" Alys cut herself off, as if she realized she said too much.

"Heh, so you're from Regnevis, then."

"N-no! I'm from Caryinea!"

"Sure you are, and I suppose next you'll say you're a court jester practicing her act? I thought your attire was rather bland for a noble, even for one that wets herself."

The jab made Alys blush, she thought the dress had looked cute on her, and the ending sentence of her accident just made her blush deepen. Alys couldn't help looking away. "I... I have nothing more to say..."

Terrius knew he wouldn't get much more out of her today, so he re-sheathed and clipped the sword to his belt, right beside his other sword. Alys tilted her head. She was positive the man had a war hammer when she fought him, yet there was no trace of it. She guessed that he was skilled in both, or he at least realized that a war hammer would make it a little more difficult to merely injure her if she tried to escape, rather than kill her in one smashing blow. Terrius left the room, and Alys could hear the door lock a second later.

"Now... how shall I escape?"

