The Tale of a Sorceress

Author: RosaE836

*012*2015-03-05 06:16

A month had past since Alys fought the beast which burned when ice pierced its flesh, and she had improved in that time. It took Alys awhile, but she managed to learn how to turn invisible. She found out that any major movement would practically make her a beacon, as it shimmered so much that it would make the user almost glow. Of course, it wouldn't be easy to move with any ease while casting it, as it's near impossible for the sorcerer to judge whether they are even still standing, so long as the spell is still in use. To Alys, the spell's flaws made it rather situational, but she saw no harm in knowing another spell.

Later into the month, Alys had made it a habit to visit her father to learn some swordsmanship. She had learned a little before the recruitment, as she was planning on becoming a Knight after all, but that was now only a dream. Tejjun thought it not all very necessary to be handy with a sword if she was to become a mage, but Alys insisted she should have something to fall back on, especially considering her battle with the Voryete. During one of her visits, Alys noticed her father had a raven-steel rapier lying around.

He was reluctant to hand it over, but seeing as the person that purchased it hadn't shown for months, he knew he would have a hard time getting rid of it, especially with how light the sword was. No garrison would really need a sword as light as it, and most Nobles already had their own. So, with a sheath and belt to go with it, Alys had taken upon herself to keep the weapon in her possession. Of course, she wasn't very willing to be in another battle any time soon, but peace was only an interlude to another war.

~~~~~

Chapter 5: Signs of Trouble

~~~~~

Castle Ugredia's main halls were ornately decorated. Violet banners hung from the walls, each one stitched with a blue falcon in the center. A purple carpet stretched from the entrance to a throne, which stood atop a few stairs. The blue and black throne was empty, yet a man stood in front of it, pacing. This wasn't the pacing of a man who was worried; this was the pacing of a man waiting for results. This man wore a blue cloak over his shoulders, and he had a black shirt and breeches. These clothes were stitched with purple string that seemed to weave in random directions, but not in a way to make it unappealing. His black boots were muffled as he paced on the carpet, and at one point he stopped to look at the tall scepter in his right hand.

It was rather large, and it was made of raven-steel. Violet gems gleamed as they caught the light from the windows that illuminated the room, and it sparkled as he turned it in his hand. Using the staff to push up his raven-steel crown (which was also adorned with a violet gem), the king of Ugredia, Yungora, continued his pacing. Yungora wasn't handsome in the slightest, his face scarred with previously fought battles. He had long black hair that seemed to almost be an extension of his crown, as the coloration was so close. The entrance to the front of the room opened, and the pacing king stopped once again. The doors admitted a man clad in armor, and the king seemed to be pleased with his arrival.

"Ah, Duke Terius, so happy to see you." Yungora said. Duke Terius nodded. He made no attempt to kneel, and was obviously unwilling to stand there for longer than was necessary.

"I bring great news, Yungora, our armies will be ready for action within the fortnight. As we speak, they are assembling at the border of Caryinea, and we've hidden siege weaponry in the surrounding forest."

Yungora smiled. "Good, and I assume you'll lead the charge on RavenSteel castle?"

The knight nodded once more. "Aye. I wouldn't have it any other way."

"Has our... diplomat finished his duties?"

"I haven't heard back from him yet, but I'm positive we will in a couple days. He's not expected back until the 'morrow at the latest, so there's no need to be so restless."

Yungora nodded. "Soon we'll equip our army with the finest raven-steel weapons and armor, and then we take a short walk to Dybamius before all of Caryinea kneels before me." He lifted up his staff, and the large gemstone's glow intensified. "Let's see how ready they are for war!"

~~~~~~~~

Nighttime was quickly approaching, and this was around the time any sensible traveler would rest. A blonde haired girl trekked through the snow, her cloak blowing in the wind. She wore black boots, a short red dress, and a red cloak. She had the hood of her cloak on, and she held the rest of it around her. The only difference from the usual attire of a female bard was the black leggings she was currently wearing, for obvious reasons of course. With how cold it usually was in RavenSteel, it's surprising that it's even known as being uncommon, but that's just how it was. Luckily for the blonde haired girl, the wind was kept at a minimum, and the only snow that existed was already on the ground. An inn was within sight, and it was rather large for most inns. It was as to be expected from an inn that sat in the middle of the busiest crossroads of RavenSteel. It had two stories with plenty of windows, all of which closed with shutters to keep the heat in.

The girl pushed the front doors to the inn open and instantly felt the heat pour over her. She quickly closed the doors while looking around the inn. The room was very busy, and those closest to her (that had most likely regretted their choice of seats, being that the cold wind blew directly towards them,) were the first to notice her profession. If the red garbs hadn't given her away, the lute case most certainly did. Her eyes focused further across the room, where a group of armed men flanked a single man with a purple cape. A blue falcon was stitched into the purple cape, an obvious symbol of Ugredia. The man was most certainly the messenger she was told of, yet the saber hooked to his side screamed 'noble', she knew no messenger that carried a weapon so freely as the man across the room.

The innkeeper had seen the Bard enter, and his face lit up. While it wasn't uncommon for his tavern to get a bard or two every so often, it was always a welcome sight to have one around. Any songs the bard would sing would keep any guests there for more food and drink, which would only prove to increase his income. The balding innkeeper took no time in reaching the girl, and he extended his hand out, a smile on his face. "Nice to see we 'ave some entertainment for tonight!" he boomed.

Maria nodded, shaking the man's hand. "The least I can do, considering this is the closest inn for miles that I can put my feet up in. Speaking of which, how much are the rooms?"

"Only three copper for you, consider the discount my advance pay to you for being here."

"And it also pays for some water to help me sing the right pitch?"

The innkeeper nodded, pouring a tin cup full of water. "Water's free anyways, but if you want some ale-"

"Water's fine, thanks." Maria interrupted. She sat beside the fire, warming her hands as she tuned her lute. Those closest had an expectant gaze, yet Maria felt no need to rush the process. Nobody wanted an off-key song, after all.

Maria felt she needed no introduction, and taking a sip of her water and humming softly, she started strumming the first few chords to a common folk song. The song had a small amount of speed to it, and Maria prepared for the lyrics.

"I heard the town of Ladderstow

Had bustled with people I'd want to know

But I lacked patience to get to know

The people of good old Ladderstow."

Maria's voice seemed to move with the chords, and she could see she was drawing the attention of those seated farther away.

"The Yenoroze tried to raze it one day

Taking every bolt and nail.

But someone retook old Ladderstow

And it was quite the tale.

Old Harold was his name they say

And fight he did that very day.

Two Yenoroze he soon did slay

Their bodies lay there this very day."

Maria could hear the beat being driven by the customers as the long remembered song was played. She could even here a majority sing with her during the chorus.

"I heard the town of Ladderstow

Had bustled with people I'd want to know

But I lacked the courage to get to know

The people of good old Ladderstow."

"Old Harold had owned a farm nearby

He was famous for his apple pie.

He rushed to face the army there

But Yenoroze bodies laid everywhere.

Old Harold was a couragous man

Showing no mercy when the fight began.

The last two wanted to off him there

But Old Harold easily dispatched the pair"

"I heard the town of Ladderstow

Had bustled with people I'd want to know

But I lacked the kindness to get to know

The people of good old Ladderstow."

"The two Yenoroze had their heads cut off

Harold victoriously held his scythe aloft.

How did he dispatch the two you say?

By the apple pies he made that day!"

After that last verse, almost everyone had joined in on the final chorus.

"I heard the town of Ladderstow

Had rebuilt easily before the snow.

Harold's apple pies we still know

Had saved the people of Ladderstow."

The last chord Maria played she sustained, and those closest tossed a few coins into her lute case. With the warm-up song out of the way, Maria placed the lute beside her, taking a quick sip from her water before standing. Maria had played the first song to get the attention of her audience. It was one of the most popular folk songs she knew, and it was a slim chance anyone would leave after hearing that. Her next song was to gain the attention of the Ugredian. She paused, trying to remember the lyrics to the next song before starting, and soon she began.

"The wisps of eastern Yitter Woods

Wore cloaks of black and blood red hoods.

They hung from trees when they did not fly

And they killed any and all passerby.

"Beware the wisps of Yitter Wood"

Is what I heard and probably should."

"I heard a dead man had been found

He was thought to be killed by a hound

But that was obviously not the case

It was the deadly phantom race.

"The wisps can kill with a single word."

That's, at least, the tale I heard."

"I went to check to see if they're real,

And soon found the woods turn teal.

Those ghosts saw me before I sensed it,

I was unconscious without being hit.

When I awoke I fled the woods,

As I looked back, I saw their hoods."

"I will beware east Yitter Wood

They let me live to warn you how,

I am alive when I really could

Be dead in Yitter Wood right now."

The lyrics were okay, but Maria rather disliked the song. Either way, some people were fans of it, and a few were entranced by her voice alone, caring less about the about the lyrics.

The Ugredian noble was the loudest person to applaud, with one of his guards being second. Maria excused herself for some food and drink, and the noble soon left his seat, going to greet her. The smile on his face showed his enjoyment, and he kept his hands well away from the hilt of his sword. "You played amazingly, lass." The man said, his voice thick with his accent. Maria had to force a smile, as his reference to her young age seemed more an insult to her than a compliment.

"Thanks, although a bit of coin could go a long way for a bard like myself." Maria said, gesturing to her lute case. Already it had plenty of coins from other customers, yet the man seemed to hesitate as he pulled out a high value coin. He then looked at her once again, spinning the coin between his fingers.

"Sure, but I have a question, where did you learn such an uncommon song? It's only really played in Ugredia, and even then not much."

"Well, any wise minstrel has plenty of songs at their disposal, and they also know their audience."

The man smiled, flicking the coin in the case. "Well, you certainly played well enough for me." He then leaned forward, and the cheap ale served at the inn was carried in his breath. Maria tried her best not to cough. "If you want, we have an opening for a musician at my castle. We pay well enough, much more than you'd get from traveling."

"A castle." Maria thought. "So he really is a noble. And I bet the sword strapped to his belt is not just for show, either." Maria looked at the man, and (trying not to gag from his ale-breath,) gently denied his request. "I'm sorry, but I much prefer the traveling life."

The man frowned, seeming dissatisfied with her reply. "Well, that's a shame... You're positive you don't want to come with me back to Listelton Castle after my mission is complete?"

Maria had to hold herself back from giving too speedy a response, instead hesitating to make the man think she was actually thinking over the option. "No thanks."

The man didn't like the answer, but felt he could get his way in another matter. "Well, I do wonder if you could play a few songs in my room, I'm about to head off to bed, and a couple gentle tunes help put me to sleep."

Maria stuck out her case. "Well, if you make it worth my while..."

The Ugredian felt like he was being mocked by a simple musician, but as he stood up, he realized ordering his guards in a busy place like this to do anything would most certainly spread bad word of him. Flustered, he tossed a few coins in, and seeing no reaction on Maria's face, sighed, and dumped some of his coin purse into it. Maria smiled, emptying the case into her own coin purse and placing the lute in. "I'll finish eating first, I can't play on an empty stomach."

The man was impatient, yet he waited for her. He had no say in the matter, so he had no other choice but to wait.

Finishing off her food, the man led the way to his room, yet Maria could sense trouble was already brewing. His guards were following just behind her, blocking her from running back the way they came. When they reached the room, the door was locked behind them. A guard leaned against a wall just across a low table where the noble sat. This one had chosen to discard his chest piece, and he stretched. The man had probably been roasting in the armor, as it was lined in wool. His shirt told the same story, being drenched in sweat. The other guard was across the room, sitting in his own chair, leaning backwards. He kept his armor on, but he had a bead of sweat rolling down his face.

Tension filled the air, and the Ugredian's next words did nothing to resolve the matter. "So, I've decided that you shall be my personal minstrel."

Maria cocked her head to the side. "Pardon? I don't recall agreeing to those terms."

"Ah, but you didn't have to. I have some important business to attend to at RavenSteel castle, one which Walter would would very much like to prevent, but he has no say in the matter. From the looks of things, if you don't give us a reason to kill you, you'll be singing tales of my courage as we leave RavenSteel Castle, Walter's head in tow." He then smiled wickedly. "And I, Lord Riyone, will leave a guard to watch you as the other joins me in our negotiations. If I can't reach with a vial of poison, surely my sword will do."

"I bet you'll leave me tied up the whole time as well. If I don't do something soon, I won't even be able to spread word of this."

"Now..." Lord Riyone said. "About that tune. I think a good Ugredian love song will do. Fitting, if I do say so myself. Maybe I'll even pay you if you plant a kiss on my cheek, or release you if on my lips."

Opening her case, Maria hefted her lute. She was going to enjoy this, and not for the reasons Lord Riyone was expecting. Maria made sure the guard closest to her was the one without any armor. While an axe stroke could easily pierce leather, her daggers would have trouble, and what she had planned would require one of her smaller knives, especially since the ones on her side were confiscated.

Maria started strumming a few chords, and she nodded her head to one of the guards. It was the guard who was sitting across the room, and she remembered him clapping earlier with Lord Riyone. He obviously knew his Ugredian music, and the one Maria was currently playing usually had a male singer. The man started to sing, his voice uncertain as he tried to remember the lyrics. Walking closer to the Lord, she saw an expectant look on his face, and Maria prepared for what she was about to do.

Maria, leaning her body and lute forward, could see Lord Riyone tilting his head while closing his eyes. His lips seemed to curl slightly, and as Maria got closer, her right hand stopped playing the lute, moving so the side of the lute was a little away from her and pressed gently in the man's abdomen. She pulled the catch, and the man's face distorted in pain as he felt the axe blade suddenly dig into his body. Maria quickly pulled a knife from her sleeve, cutting the man's throat in one clean motion, blood quickly spilling out in turn. She spun herself and the knife around, balancing the dagger by the blade between her first and second finger. Maria threw it at the guard closest to her, the fine blade quickly spinning in the air twice before piercing through to his heart, and the man fell with a thud. During this time, the man across the room had stood up quickly, the chair tumbling back. He had only just drawn his sword by the time the second man was dead.

Maria pulled the axe free and spun around to block his sword stroke, the steel rasping together. Quickly breaking free of the parry, Maria spun around, hitting the man in the side before pulling it free to hit him in the shoulder, and then finally in the head. Maria was breathing heavily as the still guard's knees buckled, and Maria had to pull backwards to keep from falling onto the dead man. Tugging her axe free, she surveyed the scene. The sight of what she had done affected her rather quickly. Feeling her stomach turn, she dropped the lute, covering her mouth with both hands as her face paled. Maria spent a few minutes calming her stomach, which spent those few minutes convulsing, and Maria came close to fainting.

Maria's head was swimming from killing another human for the first time, amplified by the fact that it was three of them as well. After her head stopped spinning, Maria gained her composure and wiped her lute off with her cape, getting all the blood she could off. She retracted the blade and stuck it in its case. Walking across the room, she took the knife buried in the man's chest before cleaning and re-sheathing it. With everything she needed to get done in this room complete, she turned to the Ugredian diplomat in disgust. His clothes were drenched in the blood that spilled from his neck and abdomen, and he was leaning drunkenly to the side of his chair.

"That's what you get for trying to steal my first kiss." Maria muttered.

~~~~~~~

Maria was lying in her bed in the inn. She had purchased a room earlier, and not using it would draw suspicions, especially after the three men were killed.

Maria would catch her breath every time she heard someone walk by her room, and she would sigh in relief whenever they had walked away. She started in surprise when she heard a knock on her door, and putting on her cloak over her nightdress, she approached the door. Maria was uncertain how to proceed, her mind saying "You've been caught. You're done for. All your hard work is for nothing." Maria tried her best to push these thoughts out of her mind, trying to slow her breathing, and eventually her heart rate slowed down a bit. The knock on the door was heard once again, and Maria opened it. A short, bald man was standing on the other side, his face as pale as the snow outside the inn. Maria recognized the bald man, he was the owner of this inn.

"Is something the matter?" Maria asked, keeping from speaking at her normally loud voice for fear her worry would mix in.

"Do you remember the men that hired you to play for them?" The innkeeper asked, and Maria nodded.

"They just had me play a few songs before the man in the cloak asked me to leave. Said something about it being important information that I shouldn't hear. I went straight back to my room." Maria lied through her teeth. "Why do you ask?"

"Well, the men were all found dead in their room, an assassin must 'ave got 'em."

Maria's heart beat faster. She was aware the short man was eyeing her with slight suspicion, so she thought it best to do a little acting. Putting her hand up to her mouth, she gasped. "Th-that's terrible!" Maria stuttered, hoping it was believable. "Is the assassin gone? Is it safe to sleep here?" The last question struck a cord in the man. Suspicious as he might be of her, he knew that if word got out that his inn was unsafe, his profits might drop, even if just a little.

"There's no need to worry, ma'am. The assassin must 'ave fled through the window, the same way he got in." Maria subconsciously sighed in relief. She had opened up the window just before she left, thinking it might help divert suspicions from her. The room's window opened up to the road, so any tracks that supposedly would have been left in the snow would be concealed. The innkeeper continued. "Just so long as you lock your room tight, he shouldn't harm yuh."

Maria nodded. "Thank you for warning me, I'll lock up my room before bed, then."

The innkeeper nodded before turning away. Maria closed the door, and when she was sure nobody was near her room anymore, Maria sighed. "Elicia is going to be so proud of me."

~~~~~

"What the hell were you thinking!" Elicia screamed, throwing Maria off balance. Maria had left the inn at first light, making her way back to RavenSteel castle in no time at all. She had been expecting praise from her teacher, but this emotion had been one she was not expecting. "I send you off on a mission to gain Intel from a diplomat, and you end up gutting him and his guards like pigs!"

"Well, he tried to kiss me..." Maria said sheepishly, and Elicia threw up her hands in frustration.

"Oh, I'm sorry, if you had said that sooner, I wouldn't be so upset! Gods forbid a filthy Ugredian, diplomat or not, place his filthy lips upon a Caryinean!" Elicia retorted, sarcasm dripping from every word. "The least you could have done was tortured him for information!"

"Well..." Maria tried picking her words carefully. "He was going to murder Lord Walter. He even stated that he'd hang on to me until the task was completed, just so I wouldn't forewarn anyone."

Elicia calmed down just as quickly as anger engulfed her earlier. "Is this true?"

"He told it to my face, so..."

Elicia started pacing. "Did he mention anything of Prince Henry?"

Maria shook her head. "Nothing at all."

Elicia kept pacing, racking her brain for what this may mean. "He's the only heir to the throne, so killing him along with Lord Walter would completely cripple the castle... Unless it was too risky to get both, after all, they only were a group of three..."

"What about the rumors of Prince Henry?" Maria suggested, and Elicia's eyes lit up.

"They must have heard some rumor of his waning popularity, and thought him a pushover, not even worth the time. With Lord Walter dead, it would already leave the castle in a short state of disrepair, so we-" Elicia was cut off as the door to the room opened, and Sarah stumbled in. Maria and Elicia both could sense the tension in the air, and it was confirmed by Sarah's worried expression. "What's wrong?" Elicia asked. Sarah took a minute to catch her breath. It was obvious from the sweat on her forehead that she had been running all the way back.

"Ugredia is amassing an army at the border, bigger than the army of the Caryinean-Ugredian war half a century ago, and it's getting bigger."

Elicia was speechless at the news, and she sat into a chair. Sarah and Maria exchanged worried glances. Elicia had put her head in her hands, and she said, "Maria, go get Lady Lunett, I need to speak with her." Maria nodded, although a little confused, and ran to the door.

She was stopped by the furious Lord Walter who was stomping into the room. Maria knew this could only mean even more bad news, and she thought she may as well stick around to find out before getting the tailor.

"Regnevis is under attack, and they are preparing to go to war! I thought you and your spies were supposed to tell me before the common stable hand knows of this!"

Elicia looked up in worry. "Don't tell me, it's those damned insects, isn't it?"

"Yes, the Yenoroze are cutting through Regnevis like a thrown javelin. They are destroying anything they see, but they seem to have a destination in mind. The Crown of the Blood Soaked Wings herself is leading the tireless charge."

*013*2015-04-02 04:03

Sorry for not posting earlier! I didn't want to post on April 1st (although, for some, I'm technically doing so, but I'm using Eastern time, so I may as well go by that). Anyways, I'm going to be adding more omo back in the next chapter.

Chapter 6: A Taste of Real Combat

~~~

Alys followed behind Tejjun, wondering what had made him so nervous. It was unlike Tejjun to show any signs of unease, yet Tejjun was nervously thumbing his sleeve as they walked. Alys even heard his uncertain voice when he called her to follow him to the war room earlier. Just the location she was requested to visit left Alys herself uneasy, let alone Tejjun's lack of reassurance. Alys couldn't bear the silence any longer, and she ran forward a few paces before turning around, barring Tejjun's path. Tejjun tried to walk around, but Alys swiftly moved in the way once more, her arms now crossed over her chest.

"What is with you today?" Alys could see Tejjun try to respond, yet Alys put up her hand to stop him. "No 'you'll find out soon enough', I want answers. Now."

Tejjun smiled back before answering. "Well, I guess it wouldn't hurt to tell you, even if your way of asking was rather rude-"

"Who are you calling rude?"

"-Anyways, we'll find out the details soon enough, but apparently the problem is so big that it requires this kingdom's best tactician."

"Now I see why he was so nervous, I heard amazing things about her, like her ability to predict how a battle will turn out, guaranteed."

Alys stepped to the side, and they both continued walking until they reached the war room. The war room in itself was rather plain, although its walls were covered with maps of not only the general area, but all over the kingdom. The widest wall was practically a mural, pieces of parchment overlapping another in a way that connected them to one huge map of RavenSteel and its neighboring lands. Main and side roads were drawn out in careful detail, and even the castle itself had some of its own details carefully drawn out. The wall near the entrance had multiple chests and hanging cabinets, and some of which were obviously overflowing with even more maps. The ceiling had white glass skylights which allowed in the mid-day light while keeping the sky itself out of view.

A large, square table was in the middle of the room, and multiple figures were already standing around it. Walter, Henry, Maria, and surprisingly even Anna were all standing in the same room. Apparently, the topic at the moment had to do with Anna's presence.

"I still don't see why your maid has to be with you for an event as important as this. It's a matter of war, not a matter of lunch!" Walter shouted at Henry. Anna was standing behind Henry, trembling.

"I can leave if you wan-" Anna whispered into Henry's ear, but she was cut off by Henry's counter argument to his father.

"I don't see why you're so suspicious, father. To think you are so scared of a servant-"

"I'm not scared, I think you're making a mockery of the war room if you just allow anyone in!"

"Well it's not just our lives at risk, father-"

"But that doesn't mean we want the enemy to know-"

"Now she's the enemy!"

"That's not what I-"

Suddenly, a loud crack was heard as Maria slammed the pommel of her dagger onto the table's surface. Silence fell upon the room in an instant. Maria waited a few seconds before she smoothly placed the knife back into its sheath, and she filled the silence with her own voice before anyone else could react. "I see no problem with having her here, so long as she understands one thing." Maria said, the whole time she walked around the table towards Anna. Anna looked past Henry towards Maria as she heard the next words, which were directed towards her. "You and I both know you mean no harm, yet if I hear one word of our plans uttered from your mouth, even to some nobody, I will have you wish your lips were much tighter." Maria smiled. "That clear?"

Anna gulped. "Aye."

Maria turned towards Lord Walter. "Happy?"

Walter grumbled, yet he waved as if to say 'whatever'.

"I think it's about time we talk about the battle we are preparing for." Tejjun said.

"Aye, let's get down to business." Maria said. "Strategist, please don't rhyme, we want to understand these plans, not to sing them."

The tailor bowed. "My humblest apologies, but it's much easier if-"

"No exceptions, 'else you'll regret it."

Alys and Anna both were taken aback, as they realized that Lady Lunet was the strategist that had been spoken so fondly of by many Lords.

Lady Lunet stood up straight. "Y-yes, milady." Lady Lunet walked forward and pointed on the map. "W-well, we'll have three groups of troops stretched out, and I'll tell you what they'll use. I think this area is the best, 'lest anyone refus- I mean, thinks otherwise." Lady Lunet looked up in worry, yet Maria motioned to go on. Taking a breath, she collected her thoughts before forming them into words. "We'll equip our main force with some sort of range. The enemy will be flying, after all."

"Flying? Are you insane? We're fighting humans!" Walter interrupted.

"Maybe a small division, but do you recall the Yenoroze that were reported?"

"We all are aware of that by now, I made sure of it."

"Well, I think I know what they are planning. After all, a mad charge would mean no siege equipment, and why raze a village up north that they can't much more easily do so down south? If..." The tailor paused, feeling as if the words she was saying were oddly placed. "If they wanted resources through pillaging, they could get more in Regnevia. I'm assuming the Yenoroze had seen the building military of Ugredia and realized they could steal some siege equipment, then choose who to attack up north freely."

Henry slammed his fist down. "This is all assumptions! I don't like preparing for something we don't even know will come to light!"

Lunet smiled. "I think we both know my guess is better than anyone else here." Henry stayed silent, so Lunet continued. "Anyways, we'll have our two mages on the hill. From their vantage, it will be easy to kill... the enemy." Lunet corrected herself as she registered a glare from Maria.

"Wait, is this why I was called here?" Alys asked. Maria nodded.

"My servant here thinks magic will prove a potent weapon. Tejjun spoke fondly of one of your spells... A flamethrower, right Tejjun?"

"Right."

Alys blushed. "Tejjun better not have told the whole story..."

Maria pointed to the hill Lunet had mentioned earlier. "Both of you will be here to act as range support. The key is that both of you stay hidden until we call for your services, otherwise you'll be fighting an entire army all on your own."

Alys could already imagine facing off against an army. No matter how she thought about it, she could only see herself as ending up dead.

Lord Walter took this opportunity to speak up. "Well, Henry, I guess you have your work cut out for you."

Henry spun around to face his father. "What are you saying? None of the men trust me! you should lead the defense."

Walter shook his head. "That's all the more reason you do so now. If something were to happen to me, you wouldn't have an able soldier willing to fight for you. I'm going to be busy building our defenses during the little skirmish in case they push through, so you'll have to command the army."

"I also advise you don't tell your troops that we know the Yenoroze will attack." Lunet said.

"Why not?" Henry asked.

"Well, how do you think they'll react if they knew they were being lead by you against Yenoroze?" Henry nodded in response. If he didn't tell them, they would pretty much be forced to attack the Yenoroze.

Lady Lunet brought out some scrolls of paper, along with a few inkwells and a couple quills. "Well, now that we have gone over the big picture, let's work on the details.

~~~~

Prince Henry had to check his horse as it started forward nervously. The mounted men around him shared such nervousness, and his ears caught the whispers of a man close by. "This kid's gonna get us killed, I'm glad we're at the back, I can't trust following orders from someone still wet behind the ears. I'm splitting the first chance I get."

"Is that so?" Henry said, and the man flinched, realizing he had been caught.

"I'm sorry, I wasn't-"

"Planning on going to the front lines, but now you are. I can't command an army with such cowardice to support my front ranks, so you'll be joining me."

The man recoiled in shock. "Joining you? As in, you're heading to the front?"

"That was my plan, yes. I'm aware of everyone's lack of confidence in me, so I may as well show I'm ready to risk my life like the lot of you... well, most of you." The two moved forward, parting through the ranks. They were just behind the main body, more of a support force of cavalry, able to move between all three parts to respond quickly to a weakening line. The position held archers at the rear with swordsmen in front of them. The Swordsmen then filled the front most rank, the very front ones carrying extremely long spears that currently swayed in the air. The left flank was made up of swordsmen carrying massive oaken shields, these were to be discarded when the left flank was told to close in. The men farther back held throwing spears, and a majority were currently holding them, ready for action.

Henry and the man moved to the right flank, which had a group of cavalry. Henry's personal guard was surrounding the two as the changed position, and His personal banner waved through the air behind him. This banner was like the normal RavenSteel banner, black with a red pickax in the middle, yet a red border surrounded this one. Before they could even make it into position, Henry could see a lone rider cantering towards his lines. Henry moved forward to meet him, the man was a scout. "I assume you've spotted them?" Henry asked. The scout nodded.

"Aye, we'll see them shortly, should appear a little to the right of those trees there." The scout pointed over his shoulder. Henry nodded his acknowledgment, and the man cantered off, his job done. The scout was excellent at his work, and he couldn't be wasted in the coming battle, as his skills lied elsewhere. Besides, his horse was spent from the ride back, and was not suited for the heat of combat any time soon.

It had been a few minutes before the opposing army was spotted, and with the use of a pair of binoculars Henry had fashioned, he could make out the banners colors. "It's the Ugredians, they're definitely here to fight." Henry said. He looked to the right to see if Tejjun and Alys were in place on the hill, and a small flash of light showed they were ready. "Send the acknowledgment signal." Henry told one of his guards.

"Aye, Prince." The man retrieved a short bow, it was of no means suited for battle, but it still could fire an arrow. The man pulled a small arrow that had cloth wrapped at the tip, soaked in oil from its container. As he drew the bow back and pointed upwards, Henry lit the arrow with some flint and the edge of his sword, and the resulting spark caught the cloth, igniting the tip. The man let go, and the arrow arced upward, leaving a thin trail of smoke.

"What's your name?" Henry asked the cowardly man beside him.

"Arold, Prince Henry."

"Well, Arold, let's hope we both make it out of here... with our honor, mind you." Arold shifted in the saddle at those words, feeling the eyes from Henry's personal guard fall upon him.

A few minutes passed, and the opposing army was quickly proving it had a high number of men at its disposal. Henry pulled a horn from his hip, holding it to the side as he prepared for the attack. He planned on engaging the enemy with his cavalry first to help draw them out in a thin line before retreating past his spearmen. The rest would pan out with how the enemy reacts, but Henry was ready in case it didn't go well. Soon, something caught his eye.

"What is that?" A man shouted. A shadow rose from the trees, and the enemy army stopped in their tracks.

"I think it's arrows, we're being reinforced!" Shouted another man. The men beside him cheered.

"No!" Henry shouted, hearing the cheers die down. "Do you not see? There would have to be thousands of archers for that to be arrows, and they have been hovering in the air for longer than normal." Just as he said that, the shadow finally arced down, and he could see the enemy army moving uncertainly. "The enemy isn't being attacked by our allies, they have been attacked by another one of our enemies, the Yenoroze!"

Henry could hear Arold catch his breath as he realized it had to be true. No thrown object could have stayed airborne that long. The Yenoroze were attacking the Ugredian army.

~~~~~~~~

Alys was lying on her back, looking up at the clouds as they lazily went by. Alys' long cyan dress, while not really blending in with the grass, helped blend in with the sky, which was more preferable while she was on the hill. Underneath her dress was a layer of chain mail, something Lady Lunet had insisted on.

"If the Ugredians survive the Yenoroze attack, we have no idea where they will retreat to." Lunet had stated. "And if we don't fully engage the Yenoroze, they could just as easily attack you. It's better than nothing, and we'll need mages like you in the future."

Alys hoped she didn't have to see an enemy up close. It was one thing killing a wild animal whose soul purpose is to want her dead, it's a whole other thing when she has to fight humans who all have their own personal lives, even if they all despised her for her country of residence.

Alys sighed. "Why must countries clash on such a beautiful day? Only a few clouds are in the sky, and it's the warmest day of the month..."

"Ready to fight?" Tejjun called, yet Alys simply rolled on her side, staring across the hill.

"You mean 'ready to wait'. We still have to wait until the enemy is attacking our forces before we can even do anything."

Tejjun smiled. "I thought you always wanted to be a knight. This is what knights do, you know."

"But I always wanted to be a freelance! I wanted to earn honor-"

"And what better place than the battlefield?"

Alys lifted herself with one arm as she still lay in the grass. "Well, I don't really want honor!"

Tejjun sat next to Alys and looked in her eyes. "Then what do you want, if not honor?"

"I just..." Alys couldn't hold Tejjun's gaze any longer, and she fell onto her back, staring once more at the clouds floating above. "I just want respect. Nobody will hand it to me for being 'that knight', or 'that blacksmith', or even 'that mage'! I want to be a role model, someone that leads the way, even if to set the path for others to go further along than I ever did. I want someone to appreciate me... to respect me." Alys looked to her side at Tejjun. "Is that too much to ask?"

This time, it was Tejjun's turn to look away. "No, it's not." He said. "We all want to alter history one way or another, even if it's just to get our names out there for a day or two. But some of us have to pass barriers none of us thought would even be there, and they might not even be there for those to come. But in order to get our names out there, we'll still need to do something."

"Don't get philosophical on me." Alys giggled. "I'm just spouting out my thoughts, not trying to start a debate."

Tejjun gave a short laugh. "Ah, but it was the truth, and a truth that's more attuned to you than you realize. You and that sword are going to go a long way." Tejjun said, pointing to Alys' rapier. It was lying a foot away, easily accessible, but not truly in anyone's possession. Alys looked doubtful of Tejjun's words, but she followed along with what he was saying. "Don't ask me for proof, as I have none. I just have that... feeling, you know? Like... when you've been pounding on raven-steel, and you don't really see that it's ready, you just know it is."

Alys could now understand, the words being placed into something she understood. While she hadn't made a weapon, she had practiced working small pieces of steel, and she understood what it felt like when it was just right. "Like that weird tingling feeling?" she said, pointing towards her hand that would normally hold the steel with tongs.

Tejjun smiled. "Yes, that 'tingling feeling'. I know it's going to happen, I can sense it."

~~~~~~~~

Henry saw the Ugredian army crumple under the Yenoroze flank. The few ranged units that they had were the first targets, so there was nothing to stop the flying menace. Henry realized his earlier plan with cavalry would be a bad idea. None of his cavalry had ranged weapons, they would be utterly useless in acting as bait.

"Everyone, dismount!" Henry shouted, and the confused men quickly obliged.

"What's going on?" Arold asked, watching as Henry drew his sword.

"Change of plans, we mix with the main body." Henry shouted the second half of the sentence to the whole group. they quickly merged, and Henry could already see the Yenoroze getting close. "They sure move quickly..." He whispered to himself. Seeing them near, he blew the horn he was holding twice, and the archers of the main body started shooting. A few of the flying Yenoroze fell dead, yet many continued forward. Henry knew his original plan, while effective against human tactics, was now falling apart as the insects simply planned on flying. He blew his horn three times, which signaled the left flank to throw their spears, toss down their shields, and then close in. This mostly only affected the enemies closer towards the left flank, so it didn't have too much of a noticable affect. The insects tried flying over the spearmen, yet the long spears made it easy to stab upwards into the sky. Yet again, a few died while the majority still advanced.

"I hate all out brawls." Henry muttered, seeing the Yenoroze finally fall to the ground. One of them stood in front of him now, its entire body was made of chitin, and its grotesque head had five eyes and an ugly maw. The three eyes closer to the center of the face were larger than the other two. Its shiny brown exoskeleton held massive, yet at the moment folded wings. It was an ordinary Yenoroze, although what made this one truly distinct was its right arm and left side of its face. A triangle pattern on its face was bright red, and its arm a dark red. This showed where it had regenerated its limbs after combat, and its arm obviously had been chopped off more than once from its darker coloration.

Henry dodged its attack and moved forward, slicing at its right arm, which it seemed to care little about as it cracked and severed. He then spun around in time to block its next attack, and he kicked at its legs. However, the chitin prevented the kick from doing anything, so Henry had to retreat back. Henry turned just in time to see some of the fleeing Ugredians running up the hill.

"Damn insects have the dumbest luck."

~~~~~~~

Tejjun could see the demoralized men running up the hill. He turned to Alys and motioned her to stand up. "Looks like we'll have to do more today than you expect. Ready a fireball spell, we need to scare them away from us, not necessarily kill them."

Alys nodded, and she conjured a small fireball. Holding it in her hand, she waited for the right opportunity before casting it, sending it zooming towards the closest man. It hit his armor, and he stopped as he panicked, the fire spreading out and causing heat to fill his armor. The most harm it did was singe his hair through his helmet, but it definitely got everyone's attention. Most of them changed paths, heading away from the hill and the battle.

Most of them, however, as a few lone soldiers decided that it was a great idea to continue running up the hill. Not from fear or terror, but with determination. Determination in reaching the mages.

The two mages back up a few paces as they shot more fireballs, trying to keep them at bay, yet they were dodging to the best of their ability. A knight wearing a rather ornate version of armor (while still being practical) seemed to be leading the charge, his massive shield and solid war hammer not even slowing him down.

Alys, starting to panic, used her signature flamethrower, and it rocketed towards the man. She could see it spread as it hit the man's shield, yet she knew no shield could sustain that for long. The shield would melt and become unusable, or the heat alone would keep it off the man's arm. Feeling as though her attack had been long enough, she stopped casting, surveying her results.

And now terror truly started to grasp her, as she saw the man running at her with twice the speed. And entirely clad in raven-steel armor. The fire had no affect, and any more would prove useless.

"This is going really, really badly." Tejjun said.

"You think?!" Alys snapped, turning to run away. Tejjun followed just behind, both of them trying to keep a good distance from the oncoming men. They both knew they would be needed in the battle, but they couldn't help if they were dead.

Running down the hill seemed to be more difficult than expected. The men chasing them opted for running around to save time, whilst the downward path Alys and Tejjun were now on was full of rocks, making the descent much slower than they wanted. They stumbled a few times, yet they would always gain their balance right after. That is, until Alys managed to stumble upon a small hole. It caught her boot, and while she tried pulling free, it seemed to prefer pulling her face first into the ground. Alys scrambled to gain some ground, yet she realized she had no choice but to fight now. This slip had cost her too much time, and the men were almost upon her. Lifting her rapier, she unsheathed it, tossing the sheath to the side. Facing off against raven-steel armor already left her at a disadvantage, yet the heavy armor her attackers wore made it that much worse.

The man who lead the charge earlier slowed a few feet away, his shield to the side and war hammer pointed down. The man, surprisingly enough, was not breathing too heavily, and he seemed to rather enjoy the run, as implied by his next words.

"Ah, that was fun, now how about you surrender and we call it a day?"

Alys held her ground, her rapier pointing at the man. The man laughed.

"You really think your little toothpick can pierce my armor? And what are you, a mage, doing with such a nasty thing? You could poke your eye out, you pretty little thing!"

Alys turned her head and saw Tejjun was looking back, worried. Alys could see he was getting ready to run back to help her, yet she shook her head frantically. She knew neither of them would win in a fight, it was best that one of them got away while the other got captured.

That, at least, was what they had talked about during the long hours of waiting on the hill, yet right now, she thought nothing of her life, thinking only to slay this arrogant man who liked nothing but to demean her.

Despite her determined stance she had at first, it broke for a moment as Alys moved her legs closer, feeling a light pressure between her legs.

"Well, let's begin!" Alys' opponent said, who quickly performed an uppercut with his war hammer.

Alys was caught off guard, and she tumbled backwards, just barely dodging the war hammer, followed by a woosh of air trailing behind it. She had almost died in an instant.

Apparently, her bladder seemed to be thinking of something other than the battle for her life, as it emptied a long spurt. A noticeable wet patch appeared on the from of her dress before she could even regain control. Even then, Alys was shaking in fear as she had only just kept her grip on the sword.

There was no doubt about it, Alys was terrified.

"Look at you, the poor little girl who thinks she can use a sword and magic at the same time. Didn't you know you're supposed to pick one or the other, or did your pa forget to tell you?"

Alys could feel tears well up in her eyes. If it was one thing Alys hated, it was verbal abuse. Alys stood up and charged forward, stabbing and swinging at the man erratically. Only two stabs hit his armor, all the rest and all the swings were blocked by his shield. When the man got tired of blocking the attacks, he swung the hammer, causing Alys to flinch. The man shoved his shield at Alys' head, and it banged loudly, causing Alys to fall backwards, absolutely stunned.

Alys' vision blurred, and the figures in front of her seemed to duplicate and merge at will as she tried to keep consciousness.

"Someone tie her up. Oh, and retrieve her sword and sheath, I like the look of them." said the man.

"Yes, Duke Terius." Replied one of the other knights that had followed him."

Alys could feel her hands being bound together, and herself being lifted in the air. Alys soon sunk away from consciousness.

~~~~~~

Henry had already dispatched three Yenoroze, and his forehead was covered in perspiration. His arms were getting tired, and his breathing was ragged. Henry was seriously doubting his ability to fight any longer. That's when he saw it. The Crown of the Blood Soaked Wings, otherwise known as SavageRegalia. She is the emperor of the Yenoroze, most distinguishable from her entirely black exoskeleton. As if in sync, the Yenoroze that blocked its path moved out of the way, pushing the RavenSteel forces to the sides. SavageRegalia had a red cloak wrapped haphazardly around its shoulders, and it walked forward towards Henry. It held a blade in each hand, with each one being jagged all along the edge. Blood dripped from each blade, obviously from recent victims. Henry knew this meant his end, yet he could no longer feel any terror. Henry knew the emperor would spend no time fooling around, preferring to go for the kill as soon as possible.

Henry stepped forward, sword in both hands as he gently bounced on his feet. Seeing it jump forward, he moved to the side, blocking the side swing it made. It quickly cut upwards with its other weapon, and Henry felt his armor screech in reply as it moved across his arm's plate mail. Henry could tell it seriously damaged his armor. Henry lunged straight at the emperor, yet it deftly moved to the side watching as Henry tumbled forward, helplessly trying to parry SavageRegalia's next attack. The blade was forced to the ground as both shortswords it held pushed it downwards, and Henry tried his best pulling it free.

He didn't need to wait long, as a giant icicle slammed into the thing's shoulder. The Yenoroze didn't cry in pain, instead only moving back from the force of the impact. Henry took the opportunity to gain some distance from the horrid thing, and from a quick glance behind him, he could see Tejjun.

"Took you long enough." Henry called back, panting as adrenaline continued to pump through his veins.

"Well, it's not like I could do anything when I was ambushed by routing Ugredians." Tejjun shouted back. He then grabbed a stone off the ground and held it back in his hand. The rock molded into a narrow, pointed javelin, and he threw it towards the emperor. The wait behind the projectile forced SavageRegalia to dodge, and its arms shown a massive cut in her attempt of moving away. The Crown of the Blood Soaked Wings could sense its advantage was gone, so its massive wings spread out, mirroring the look of stain glass windows. It flapped into the air, followed by the rest of the Yenoroze, and they sailed off towards the discarded siege equipment the Ugredians had discarded.

Tejjun tried sending a few spells its way, but they proved useless. "I hate those ugly things." He muttered.

"Me to." Henry replied, sinking to one knee. Henry was exhausted from the battle, and he took that moment to regain his strength.

"If you don't mind, I'd like to ask a favor of you."

Henry looked up at Tejjun. "I do mind, but go ahead."

"Well, it appears my apprentice has been captured. Seeing as we're done with this battle, I'd like to go steal her back."

Henry smiled. "You mean rescue her?"

Tejjun's face reflected the same grin as was on Henry's. "No, steal is more fitting. I like to think she had no say in becoming a mage."

*016*2015-04-02 19:36

Thanks for the comments, I definitely appreciate them! I'm working on the next chapter, I hope it is just as enjoyable, if not more so!

*018*2015-04-03 14:02

{{:

Raven Steel seems a lot like Darksteel from MTG... was that your inspiration for it? (the metal, that is.)

}}

I didn't really have an inspiration, I more of just created it out of the blue to have a reason mages are unpopular (I don't even play magic...)

I looked up Darksteel, and I'd say that it's not like that, for the most part. So Darksteel is indestructible (from what I have read). Raven-steel, on the other hand, is not. To physical attacks, raven-steel Is slightly stronger than steel, not by a lot, but by enough to convince people to use it even though there are few mages left (plus who doesn't like the cool black shimmer?) To magic, it absorbs it, nulling the damage (although there are some ways to work around it, as it isn't 100% magic resistant, but I'll explain that at a later date.)

Oh, so I wrote this down so I would remember, raven-steel is the metal, without the hyphen is fine too as long as it has a space. RavenSteel/Ravensteel is the Castle and fief (castles are named after the province normally, although capitals can have an exception).

*020*2015-04-05 04:53

Thanks, I'm glad you enjoyed it so far!

*022*2015-04-06 18:04

{{:

Whaaaa there's a thread for this. I need to look at the site beyond the RP realm sometimes.

}}

Heh, sorry I didn't tell you, I assumed you knew.{{

Also curious of the implied growing relationship between Anna and the prince, which isn't exactly surprising. Escalated to bringing her to war council meeting behind the scenes though, which is weird. Doesn't necessarily matter just weird. It also could have escalated in previous part and I don't remember x.x

}}

I might be rushing that a bit, but I really wanted to get the main characters displayed before I focused mostly on Alys. The main reason I had the escalation was... Well, I'll just say it's not because Henry necessarily wanted HER there, any servant would have been fine.

*023*2015-04-10 06:56

I had decided to post a short explanation of some of the spells that are known in this world, but I decided to do so with a short chapter! This one will have no affect on the release of chapter seven, so no need to get worried about that.

Chapter 6.5: The Magic Tree Explained

~~~~

Lord Walter walked into 'Tejjun's' tower, seeing the main room empty. Walter was in casual attire, simple cotton clothes to keep himself warm, and nothing special to display his nobility. Looking towards Tejjun's room, he saw a dim light emitting from the crack underneath the door, along with the keyhole. Rapping on the door twice, Walter could hear a surprised "Gah!" followed by a loud "FOOM!"", and the light behind the door suddenly grew bright before calming back down. A minute past before Walter hit the door once more, yet this time Tejjun replied with a "Stop with all the knocking and just let yourself in, why don't you?"

Lord Walter opened the door to see Tejjun splashing water on his face from a bowl of water he had set on his desk. The water, however, wasn't entirely clear, and it was a slightly dark grey. "Did I catch you at a bad time?" Lord Walter asked, and Tejjun threw up his hands.

"No, this is the perfect time! First I lose my apprentice, then you barge into my room much like a bull, and then you decide to interrupt me while I'm trying to cut my hair!" Tejjun's hair was shorter now, although any slight singe marks on it were now fully realized as some of his hair had burned unevenly.

"Well, it's not really cutting your hair if you're not using a sharp object."

Tejjun shook his head before pointing at his silver mirror. "And look at this, the mirror is slightly warped, and I think there's soot on it now!"

Walter ignored the angry sorcerer and looked around the room. A bookshelf stacked with hundreds of books was lining one wall, and the bookshelf was completely full. No space on it wasn't filled, and the books weren't jammed tightly into the shelf either. Upon closer inspection, the books seemed to be smaller the closer they were to the top, making it easier to replace the books from where they were taken.

Walter could hear Tejjun now rambling about how his desk could have been damaged from the little house fire, yet Walter decided he may as well stop the mage short. "Having trouble figuring out where Alys was taken?"

Tejjun stopped mid-rant, looking back at the man. "Well, yes, but no need to worry, we just have to hope the tracker we got can follow tracks left by a man in a metal suit."

"You're fearful of the news he may bring back, especially if he knows where she is."

Tejjun looked away. "Hmmph, I don't see why you're busying yourself with me, I'm just a man who uses incantations..."

"I always thought summoners used incantations..." Walter said, and Tejjun just gave a tired look.

"For the love of... Is there any reason why you insist on bothering me?"

Lord Walter stood up straight. "Is that any way to talk to a noble?"

"You and I both know we're both nobles, whether or not you are of higher ranking than I. Now stop dodging the question already!"

Walter smirked. "Well, I was just wondering what you could tell me about magic, and what types of mages there are." Tejjun sat back in an armchair, looking at the ceiling. Walter took this time to sit on the end of Tejjun's bed.

"Well," Tejjun started, "first things first, there is only one type of magic, the one that consumes water for ethereal purposes."

"Ghosts?"

"No, not ghosts, I mean elegant purposes! Magic is a noble art, and it can go wrong if not treated with the utmost care." Tejjun took in the blank stare Walter responded with and simply continued on. "As I was saying, there's only one type of magic, so alchemists are just losers brewing random gunk until they make a poisonous brew they feed the dumb, including themselves. Summoners don't exist either, as what they supposedly do is create otherworldly beings with a little slight of hand, maybe with an arcane symbol or two."

Walter nodded is acknowledgment. "So what types of magic do you know? I heard of some sort of 'tree'."

Tejjun stood up, grabbed a book and sat back down, flipping through some of the pages. "So we usually call it a magic tree because it splits off into 'branches' of magic, which get into more specific spells which are the branches of those branches." Tejjun turned his book around to face Walter, pointing inside. It read:

Accrual - - Healing

| - Shield

Displacement - - Blink

| - Telekinesis

Elemental - - Earth

| - Fire

| - Ice

Illusion - - Gleam

| - Invisibility

| - Shimmer

| - Shroud

"So, this book is outdated, but it has the four main categories. Accrual is a layered type of magic. Healing does exactly what is sounds like, healing broken limbs and cuts in skin. Shielding is for protecting against magical attacks, but it can also be used to block physical attacks if you are powerful enough. Everything in the Accrual category will get stronger the more you use the same spell on an existing spell, so a healing wound will heal even faster, and a shield will block even more, although shields are more complicated than that. I won't bore you with the details on shields, so I'll skip ahead."

"Wait, hold on." Walter asked. "The next one is displacement, is that movement spells?"

Tejjun nodded. "Yes. Blink is rather commonly used by mages in a hurry. It teleports someone a good distance forward, depending on how much they concentrate. Mages don't really need to concentrate too hard for it to work as desired, often preferring to go a few feet forward at a fast rate than a large distance at a slow rate. This is because the main drawback is that it can be blocked by solid objects."

"Like walls?"

"Yes, but it can range from other people, leaves (which are really annoying), and even if you're chained up. Rain and snow do not seem to block it, however, and I think that may be because we use water for our spells."

Walter smiled, pointing at the next spell in the Displacement category. "And I thought this was a myth!"

"Well, Telekinesis is hard to master for one, and two, it costs massive amounts of water to move anything a long distance. I had a friend who tried to use it once, may he rest in peace..."

"He died of thirst?"

Tejjun gave a wicked grin. "Actually, while touring the castle with a lady, he thought it was a brilliant idea to use it to push up her skirt. It probably wasn't the best idea that he did so while showing her the balcony of a rather tall tower. But enough of that," Tejjun pointed to the word Elemental, "here's the most well known section, you already know a little bit about this if I remember correctly."

"Aye, but there's something off... were is fireball and flamethrower?"

"Ah, this is not only outdated, but it doesn't get any farther than directly after the four main categories. So earth is rock based, requiring actual rocks to work, while fire and ice only require water. There are many ways to use fire and the like, as you already know, but explaining all that might leave your head spinning."

"I think it's spinning already."

"Well, don't worry, we're almost done. The last main category is Illusion. Now, this book bases it solely around light, although I can think of at least one other illusion spell that doesn't affect light. That doesn't really matter, thought, so I'll leave that out. Gleam is used often, as it lights areas and can be used to blind opponents. It's easy to confuse with sunlight, however, so it's not the best at being used for a signal."

"Is that..." Walter was eyeing the word 'Invisibility'.

"Well, that one is great for a few jokes, but it's not very useful." Tejjun could see Walter's confusion, but he felt no need to elaborate on its unimportance. "We often teach that one early on, as it can be quick to learn. Shimmer we usually teach after, as it's more of a failed version of Invisibility, although on an open space instead of yourself. It's mostly used as a distraction, as it warps the light and even changing it colors, but it can be used on yourself if you wish. Although, to be fair, using it on yourself can make you disoriented and ill, for obvious reasons." Tejjun tapped the last word. "And Shroud is the opposite of Gleam, so I don'r really need to explain that. So if that'll be all, I need to have a servant get me a new mirror while they have mine reshaped, is that okay with you?"

"I'm fine with that." Walter then stuck out his hand. "Well, I'll be on my way."

Tejjun grabbed the open hand. He cringed as Walter gripped his hand way tighter than he expected, and Tejjun could swear that, upon his hand being released, that his fingers had dislocated. They hadn't, but that didn't stop Tejjun from cradling the injured hand. Walter left the room, and already Tejjun wondered what had made him worry so much. After all, he was sure they wouldn't harm Alys, or at the very least not too much.

*024*2015-04-30 03:54

Finally, the chapter is done! The added time definitely improved this chapter, and I hope everyone enjoys the short Omorashi scene I put in (hinted slightly in chapter 6).

Chapter 7: A Noble Prisoner

~~~~~~~~

Alys slowly opened her eyes, taking in the little light that was in the room. From her lying position, she could see a closed window, and it was a dark, dark blue outside. Obviously, she had been unconscious until night time. Sitting up in the bed, she flinched and gritted her teeth as her head pounded. It was like a drum was beating as hard as possible in her skull, or, in fact, that a drummer was inside her head pounding on her skull itself. She used her hand to keep the pain to a minimum, regretting not having a chance to dodge the attack that had left her in this state.

After a short time it subsided, and Alys was able to concentrate on her surroundings. Of course, just as her pain subsided, her aching bladder made itself known, and she pressed her right hand to keep it from emptying. It didn't help too much, as she was still wearing her chain-mail from earlier, which was now cold. Alys bounced her feet to keep it under control, and soon it faded away, but definitely not to nothingness.

The dark room was lit by a fireplace across the room, yet it was getting close to burning out at the moment. Alys could tell it must have been burning for quite some time already, as the room was still rather warm. The room was well decorated, the windows made of clear glass instead of cheap green glass, and the fireplace's mantle had a few images carved into it. The floor was wooden except what was closest to the fireplace, which was made of smooth stone.

However, on closer inspection of the window, she could see that bars were placed in front of it, slightly hidden by the drapes. Along with that, the door to her room was metal, and there was no other entrance to it. Lifting up her right hand, she could see a shackle made of raven-steel. "It hardly matters what metal it's made of," Alys thought, licking her dry lips. "I'm rather dehydrated right now, it's not like I could use any magic to break it." Her bladder made itself known once more, and she thought "Dehydrated or not, I really have to pee." Alys looked around the room once more, yet a chamber pot was not in site, and the only door led right outside her cell. Alys bit her lip, hoping someone would show up soon to help her ever-filling bladder.

She checked her hidden sheath, and she heaved a sigh of relief when she found her knife. It hadn't been confiscated, and she could use it so long as she kept it out of her captor's eyes. Alys wanted to be cautious, though, as her carelessness was what doomed her fight from the start. The moment she lost her temper, all her skill was out of the picture. Better to use it when she had figured out an escape route than to see where the wind took her. Especially since she still rather needed a chamber pot. Alys closed her eyes and shook her head. "Focus on something other than peeing Alys!" She told herself, although she hardly believed she would take the advise.

Alys sat in her bed for a few minutes, taking in the room. Her shackle was attached to the wall closest to her bed, and despite the length of the chain, there was no way she could walk out of this room even if the door were unlocked, which she doubted. Looking out the window beside her, She noticed that she was in a tower. "Great, the old tower prison thing, I wonder if a dragon has me hostage, and what knight in shining armor will save me?" Alys wrapped her hands around the bars, peering down. "I have to admit, though, it does make it difficult to escape." The tower was at least five stories tall, and she wondered if there were more towers like this. Alys couldn't help but marvel at the spectacular view, in spite of herself. The castle walls extended not too far from her position, and from her vantage point, she could see rolling hills covered in pure white snow.

Alys turned as she heard the door to her room click, and she felt dizzy as she regretted turning so suddenly. When the door opened, a tall man walked in. He was wearing a dark blue shirt with matching trousers, and he had a purple cape draped over his shoulders. In his left hand, he held a sheathed rapier. Alys' heart skipped a beat, it was her rapier.

The man smiled as his eyes fell upon Alys. "Ah, so very nice to see you have awoken at last, I was expecting you to wake up any time now. I have to admit, I was starting to get worried I hit you too hard." Alys glared, and the man couldn't help but widen his grin. "Oh, I'm so sorry if I didn't introduce myself, I'm Duke Terrius, King Yungora's right hand." Duke Terrius bowed after saying this. Alys could feel anger slowly taking hold of her from the man's smugness.

"What's with all these formalities? I thought I was a prisoner." Alys shook her shackle to add emphasis.

"Well, it's not like some peasant would be carrying such a slim weapon, or any weapon for that matter." Duke Terrius slowly unsheathed the rapier before pointing the tip at Alys' nose. "I don't see any marking on this, what noble family are you from, by chance?"

Alys gulped. The only reason she was still alive was most likely the reasoning that she may be a princess. "That makes this stupid tower seem even more like a fairy tale." She thought absentmindedly.

Duke Terrius sheathed the sword, and Alys let out a sigh of relief, although her voice was still a little strained, for other reasons. "Well," Terrius started, "I guess we could always find out later. I bet your papa's going to pay a fortune for your safe return." He said, patting her head. Alys blushed, feeling like a helpless child in the situation.

"I-I have a request." Alys stuttered, and Duke Terrius raised an eyebrow as his response. "When do I get some food and water? I'm rather dehydrated, and my father wouldn't like it if I got ill."

The duke scoffed. "He may not like that you're being held for ransom, so I doubt a little illness will change matters very much. Food wise, I'll get some for you in a short while."

"And the water?"

"You'll get some, but I'm not too keen to let you have too much. I want to chat with you, and if you try to singe me with one of your cute little fire spells, I might lose my temper and slay you. Plus, I wouldn't want these clothes ruined."

Alys longed to stab this jester of a duke and run, but she didn't even know if he had the key to her shackle on him, so it was pointless to show her ace yet. Better to hold off for now. She watched as he left to get her food, and Alys simply lay back in her bed, thinking of her options. The bars on the window were not raven-steel, but without her magic it was an unlikely escape route. It was even worse when she realized she had no means of cushioning her fall nor slowing her descent, so that escape route would only lead to her death. Looking past Duke Terrius as he re-entered the room brought her hopes up. The staircase spiraled downwards in a counter-clockwise manner, so she could use that to her advantage if she got her rapier back. Of course, she would have to solve the problem that she lacked her weapon, along with the fact she was chained up in the room to begin with.

When Duke Terrius handed Alys a cooked piece of meat (she had no idea what it was), there was a fork, but there lacked a knife. Alys casually reached for her sheath before stopping herself, realizing she almost gave herself away. She continued the motion by patting her dress, as if she were expecting a non-existent utensil. After her clumsy attempt of covering her failure, she looked up at him. "I don't seem to have a knife, could you bring me one?"

Terrius pulled out his heavy bladed knife. Alys reached for the knife slowly, seeing the well oiled blade glint in the uncertain light. Suddenly, he pulled it back when Alys' hand had almost reached it. "You think I'm stupid enough to let you have a weapon?" The man said. "The fork is blunt enough that I care little for you to have it, but with a knife you might accidentally wound me."

Alys thought the word 'accidentally' really shouldn't have been in that sentence, but she knew why he said it, which only grated on her even more. The overly confident man soon left, and a thought struck Alys just as the door slammed shut. "W-wait! I..." Silence greeted her, and she worriedly wiggled her legs. "...might... pee myself..." Alys finished in her mind. Alys gently cursed, placing both hands between her legs to try and hold on for longer. After ten minutes of sitting on the edge of her bed, bouncing in place, she realized (with sadness) that nobody would be back from quite some time. She stared at the little water that was provided, and almost threw it across the room just to not see it, but simply lifting it showed the clear liquid sloshing around, and a sudden pressure almost pushed her over the edge, her hands digging between her legs as hard as they could. Alys hadn't leaked yet, but she was certainly close.

Honestly, it was for the better that she hadn't tossed her water, for she might not get some more until tomorrow. She decided to leave it were it was, not wanting to see it shift any more. Alys stood up slowly, feeling her bladder weigh down on her, and she started pacing around the room. Surely she could just pee in a corner somewhere, right? It was going to happen anyways whether she liked it or not, but she shook her head. "No." She thought to herself. "There has to be some other way." Alys started pacing once more, and soon she could no longer stand up straight, walking around slightly bent over. Her eyes darted between every object for the seventh time already, and nothing new had appeared. No pot, no hole, no useless fabric, nothing! Nothing to pee on, nothing to pee in, nothing to pee around. Just a bed, a fireplace, and a window with bars on it. Her food didn't even have a table, set beside her bed on the floor.

Alys shivered as another wave hit her, and this one got past her grip, dampening her panties. "N-no..." She whispered, pressing her hands into the skirt of her dress once more. She regretted doing so, as her hands felt damp from pressing against her wet panties. Removing them, her long cyan dress had a dark blotch on it the size of her fist. Of course, she didn't keep her hands away long, as the waves of desperation came more frequently, one after the other, more pee leaking out every time. Soon she finally gave in to peeing on the floor, but by then she couldn't even do that willingly, as she could no longer remove her hands. As soon as she removed her hands, she would instantly start peeing forcibly in her panties, yet waiting would only lead to the same result.

Alys stood slouched, holding her pee back and afraid of the inevitable, yet unable to stop it. Soon her pee started getting past her grip, and the damp patch in her dress grew wider and then trailed downwards, soon carrying pee straight to the floor. An audible hissing was heard, and the splashing of pee hitting pee filled the room. Alys' face turned bright red, and tears filled her eyes from both embarrassment and relief. She released for two minutes straight, and she almost collapsed on the floor from the relief. The pee had filled the boots Alys was wearing, so she had to sit down to try her best at emptying them. Tears reformed as she felt her soaked panties squish against her skin, and her boots emptied pee into the already existing puddle. She decided to leave her boots off, as putting them back on would only add to her misery.

Calming down, Alys quickly ate the meat provided earlier. It was high quality, surprisingly, and it cut easily enough with the blunt fork to not even require a knife. The meal was rather high class for a prisoner, even if she were a noble, so she assumed it was some way to butter her up. Or something. Alys didn't know, and frankly she didn't really care, especially with the accident she just had. The only real thing on her mind was the chain secured to the wall, and she used her hidden knife to get between the bolt head and the stone. At first she didn't get anywhere, but she picked at the stone until a small crevice allowed her to try and pry it from the wall. Sadly, the bolt barely moved at all, and after an hour and a half of work, she realized it was no use trying to rely on brute force alone. She hid the knife back in her dress, yet she had to wait some time before anything else happened. Duke Terrius walked in twenty minutes later.

He instantly saw the puddle and the still soaked Alys. Alys tried her best not to cry, but her vision blurred from her eyes wanting to anyways. He had ordered a guard to bring a bucket of water, which he dumped half of on Alys before telling her to use the other half to clean up the floor, giving her a rag to do so. During that time, he added some logs to the fireplace, which she used to warm herself up. Her clothes dried quickly, and she almost thanked Terrius for giving her the bucket of water to clean herself with. Almost. Soon, however, Terrius was back to his old, info loving self.

"I know it's rather boring, but I'd hope you'd answer some more questions."

Alys remained silent from her embarrassing accident, but she would have groaned audibly otherwise. The questions weren't dull, it was the way Terrius carried himself through the questions that made her dread each one. Especially with the fact that she had nothing to say. Alys decided it wouldn't hurt to give some bait to keep the man interested, though.

Duke Terrius shown the blade of the rapier, saying "I found a mark on here that seems to relate to either a blacksmith's mark... or a family seal. I wonder if you could help point it out?"

Alys knew her father placed a blacksmith's mark on the pommel, and he had marked out the emblem he had started to place on the blade. She was sure the emblem was gone, yet she didn't feel like checking. Instead, she made herself seem like the prisoner who knew she was getting out soon, and said, rather condescendingly, "My brother Cassius is going to run you through with that very sword, so you may as well get a good look while you have the chance..." Alys knew at least three nobles named Cassius, so it didn't really help Terrius' case too much. Terrius smiled in reply.

"You don't understand the situation you're in, little princess. The only time your brother will get the chance to even scratch me would be when I toss you in the dirt at his feet."

"He'll slay you where you stand, with how much money he gets from trading he-" Alys cut herself off, as if she realized she said too much.

"Heh, so you're from Regnevis, then."

"N-no! I'm from Caryinea!"

"Sure you are, and I suppose next you'll say you're a court jester practicing her act? I thought your attire was rather bland for a noble, even for one that wets herself."

The jab made Alys blush, she thought the dress had looked cute on her, and the ending sentence of her accident just made her blush deepen. Alys couldn't help looking away. "I... I have nothing more to say..."

Terrius knew he wouldn't get much more out of her today, so he re-sheathed and clipped the sword to his belt, right beside his other sword. Alys tilted her head. She was positive the man had a war hammer when she fought him, yet there was no trace of it. She guessed that he was skilled in both, or he at least realized that a war hammer would make it a little more difficult to merely injure her if she tried to escape, rather than kill her in one smashing blow. Terrius left the room, and Alys could hear the door lock a second later.

"Now... how shall I escape?"

