Have a Little Empathy- ONESHOT

Author: Ryoku-the-Fox

*000*2013-06-19 05:26

This is the one-shot version of this story. This one is about 2,600 words, while the full version is over 6,000. I wanted to give the option of reading only the omorashi section and not getting involved in the characters or the story. With that in mind, I hope you like this, and if it interests you, check out the full version!

Kara sat alone on the ground, rough bark poking her through her black t-shirt as she leaned her back against a tree, idly wasting the minutes of her lunch hour. She scraped at the dirt with her mangy high-tops, brushing the bangs of her dark blonde hair out of her eyes before pulling it back into a ponytail that reached just between her shoulders. She checked the time on her cell phone, realizing with alarm that she had only minutes left of her lunch hour. She pulled out her uneaten apple and attacked it, not bothering to finish it before she stood, brushed the dirt off the seat of her dark jeans and headed for the bathroom. She slipped her empty water bottle into a recycling bin on her way, and her apple into the trash bin. The bell rang as she was flushing the toilet, and she speed-washed her hands, rushing to class. She nearly flung herself into her seat, sighing slightly and pulling her binder out of her backpack.

If Kara hadn’t learned how to silence the emotions around her, she was sure that this class would be an unbearable hour of boredom and irritation. There was nothing more useless or frustrating than reading text after text and searching the dead words for new meaning, taking the slightest repetition of one certain imagery in whichever massive book they were reading and turning it into a life-changing theme. Giving meaning to the words of others seemed like the most ridiculous thing to devote an entire class to, and she often found herself wondering why her teacher enjoyed his own subject of English Literature.

Mister Carrey, though nothing like the famous actor of the same name, was young, fit, scruffy, intelligent, and often hit on by the bolder females in his classes. He seemed like he would be more suited to - well, to work anywhere that didn’t have anything to do with high school. She’d heard a few girls suggest Abercrombie model amongst themselves; that sounded about right to Kara, too.

He smacked his book on his desk, making Kara jump in her seat. He was speaking, apparently had been probably since the bell had rung, and he was looking right at her. Focusing in on him and what he was in the middle of saying, she realized he had purposely gotten her attention, but was not scolding her. He was going on about their class work, and when he saw that he had her attention, he looked away. She admired his ability to keep his students in check without humiliating them. When he finished speaking, she pulled out their assignment, a continuation from the previous day, and worked alone, shutting out the sound of students pairing or grouping up around her.

Somewhere in the room, she felt discomfort and worry, and shifted in her seat, breathing in deep and filtering out anything but apathy. She didn’t bother to look around for the source. If proximity was what allowed her to feel the emotions of others, making eye contact amplified them. Turning to her assignment, she worked for some time, looking up after about thirty minutes of their fifty minute class. Her ears opened up to the sounds of the classroom now that she was not purposefully shutting them out, and the feeling of discomfort returned, now stifling and unwilling to be ignored. She wiggled in her seat and tried to identify the feeling within herself, avoiding searching the room for the source. If she connected with whoever was feeling this, she would get the brunt of the emotion. As it was, the emotion was filtered, and would be easier to shut out again if she didn’t remove the filter.

She latched on to the wispy feeling, running through the list. Obviously, it wasn’t happy, mad or sad. A little bit of pain, but that wasn’t the strongest feeling. Her body tensed up involuntarily, and she felt the need to get up and move somewhere. Was that anticipation? Impatience? A case of the wiggles? It felt almost jittery. That was a good way to describe it, although it didn’t cover all of what she was feeling. There was a bit of pain, a lot of jittery eagerness for something, but the overall emotion still eluded her.

As she focused more on the feeling, it became more potent within her mind, making her muscles act on the borrowed emotion. She wiggled in her seat, her body tensing and relaxing intermittently. It was obviously discomfort, but what was the reason? She felt a slight pain, but it wasn’t the dominant emotion. Finally, curious after being unable to identify it herself, she looked up from her vantage point in the back of the room for the source of the emotion, and found her immediately.

As soon as Kara laid eyes her classmate, she knew exactly what she was feeling, and with the brunt of the emotion hitting her all at once she physically reacted to it, something she had trained herself not to do. She let out a short cry, her entire body tensing, feet lifting off the floor to let her clothed legs push together forcefully, hand dropping her pencil and swooping under her desk towards her crotch. She corrected the movement before she could grab herself, though, instead moving her hand to her knee where it latched on forcefully. She could hear students quieting and turning to look at her, and lowered her head so that her face was parallel to her desk. Her cheeks flushed hot with embarrassment, and her back began to sweat slightly as she realized that the entire class must be looking at her sitting as if her seat was made of tacks. She tried to relax, a task which seemed almost impossible, as her teacher called out her name.

“Kara? Are you alright? You look pained,” he asked, worried.

She glanced up at him, trying not to look as pained as she felt. “’m fine,” she mumbled, but as her eyes lowered again, they connected with the eyes of the student that was the source of the emotion, and she reacted again, her body trying to curl up, muscles tensing, throat letting out a groan of strain, and her bladder sending urgent signals to her brain about the excess amount of liquid that was not contained inside. Her classmate Megan had to pee. Badly. And Kara was feeling it.

Her teacher stood up then. “Kara, if you’re in pain I really think you ought to visit the nurse’s office,” he told her, voice becoming forceful and commanding as he became more worried about her wellbeing.

“It’s nothing,” she lied, keeping her head low to conceal the hot flush of humiliation on her cheeks. “I’m fine. Just a cramp.” She tried to refrain from moving in her seat, working on getting her body to relax, on convincing it that there was no reason to feel so desperate to pee with an empty bladder.

“Get back to work,” he commanded the class, and Kara could only imagine that they were all staring now if they hadn’t been before. She could hear him crossing the room to her, and vaguely felt him worrying above her when he reached her desk.

“You look sick,” he pressed, speaking softly. “I really think you ought to get checked out by the nurse.”

“I said I’m fine,” she replied, hearing the strain and desperate irritation in her own voice. “It’s just a cramp, it happens sometimes.” She looked up at Megan as she said this, who was watching them, looking more pained than Kara was, hand waving frantically in the air for the teacher’s attention. Kara tried not to react again, despite the pang of desperation that hit her bladder, making her tense up more than should have been possible. She felt panic rise in her chest, as well as a fresh wave of humiliation, though she knew these were Megan’s emotions. The teacher looked up at Megan, noticing Kara staring at the other student, and saw the look of pain on her face that was more desperate than Kara’s.

“Hold on one second,” he told her, and moved to Megan’s desk. She whispered something, humiliated and still frantic, and at the teacher’s nod to the affirmative, she shuffled out of the classroom, hand clenching the hem of her shirt, as close to her crotch as she could put it without drawing attention to herself.

As soon as Megan was out of the room, her emotions faded, though they did not disappear completely. Kara let out a breath of relief, trembling, and laid her head on her desk. Though the feeling had diminished slightly, she still did not relax her hold in her bladder, knowing logically that she would not urinate, but unable to convince her body of that. Her teacher returned to her desk and insisted again that she visit the nurse’s office, laying a concerned hand on her shoulder as she lifted her head. She agreed, if only to get away from the emotions of her classmates. Her focus on Megan’s emotions had crowded out those of her classmates, but she knew it was only a matter of time before they invaded her awareness again. Mentally, she felt too exhausted to drown them out. He wrote her a note at his desk and told her to bring her backpack in case she needed to remain in the health office. She smiled and thanked him, feeling physically exhausted, though not yet allowing herself to relax.

Instead of going to the nurse, she hurried her way into the nearest bathroom, stopping in her tracks with a gasp as Megan’s emotions once again overwhelmed her. The tension in all of her muscles abruptly dissipated as Megan’s head whipped up to look at her, teary-eyed. The brunette was gripping the side of one of the stalls, knees bent and hunched over slightly. She was wetting herself, urine soaking the crotch of her shorts and running down her bare legs. Kara gaped at her as her own body reacted to Megan’s emotions. She suddenly felt as if her bladder were contracting, as if her urine was flowing, and yet she felt nothing come out to soak and warm her jeans. Kara couldn’t move as panic began to overwhelm her. Megan had looked away, unable to maintain eye contact as shame made her cry harder.

Megan let out a loud sob when she had finished, and though Kara’s first instinct was to comfort her, her body acted otherwise. She stumbled over her own feet as she fled, running away to a different bathroom to shut herself into a stall. Without bothering to lock the door, she tried to yank her jeans to her knees. They got stuck around her hips, unwilling to move as she yanked them at the wrong angle. She hopped around as she tugged, hearing a ripping of seams as she finally pulled them down enough to pee. But when she sat, nothing happened. Tensing her entire body, she pushed as if encouragement was all that was needed to get her bladder to empty. The smallest trickle of urine leaked out, and her urethra burned as she tried to force herself to pee. Despite the confirmation that her bladder was, in fact, completely empty, and the feeling of Megan’s desperation gone, Kara still felt the need.

Eventually, after trying to rid herself of nonexistent urine a few more times, she gave up. Now that she was not so frantic over her bladder, she began to feel the rest of her body again as she washed her hands. Her skin felt slick with the sweat of panic, and her muscles were still trembling. She knew she couldn’t go back to class like this. She pulled the crumpled note from her teacher out of her jacket pocket, where she had shoved it in her frenzy, and made her way to the health office. She must have looked sicker than she realized, because the nurse took one look at her strained sweaty face and stood up to guide her by the arm, as if she would collapse without assistance. Kara could feel her concern and desire to help, though they were faint and hard to detect in comparison to the intensity of the desperation she had just been feeling.

The nurse pulled her insistently by her arm, asking her what her symptoms were. Awkwardly, Kara lied, telling the nurse that she was only suffering from cramps and light-headedness. Even the woman’s faint emotions were overwhelming Kara’s exhausted mind, and she asked if she could use one of the cots to lie down in, assuring her that a moment to relax and get off her feet was all she needed. The nurse agreed and pulled the flimsy curtain shut behind Kara when she entered the closet-sized nook in the room, designed specifically for the purpose of temporarily housing sick students. She collapsed onto the flimsy cot and sighed. She nodded her head after the nurse asked if she wanted to be picked up. The nurse had to ask for her name a few times before Kara could compose herself enough to respond.

“Kara Bolton,” she told the nurse. “My dad’s name is David.”

The nurse nodded in confirmation, and the curtains were pulled shut as the nurse went back to her desk to call her father. Kara sat up on the cot and leaned back against the wall. She could hear the nurse speaking quietly on the phone to her father, not bothering to listen as she breathed deeply and forced herself to calm down.

When the woman retuned after a few minutes, she seemed surprised by Kara’s newly established composure, and told her that her father was on his way. She nodded gratefully and the curtain was closed and then opened again a few moments later. The nurse handed her a yellow slip of paper releasing her from school for the day. Kara thanked her, and the woman left again. Less than five minutes later, the nurse called Kara, now completely composed again, back into the office, where her father was waiting, though he was oddly emotionless. Absently, she took note of how nice he looked when he bothered to, usually disheveled dark brown hair now tame, and uniform of wrinkled clothes replaced by dark jeans and a dark grey collared shirt, sleeves rolled up to his elbows.

She could see the nurse blushing as she stared at her father where he stood, imposing in height, waiting for Kara. She bade the nurse goodbye, who stuttered when her father addressed her in farewell. Kara stared at the nurse curiously, searching for her emotions until her father laid a hand on her shoulder and guided her out of the school into the car. She rested her head on the back of the seat, mind and body exhausted. She looked over at her father, squinting in confusion when she realized she couldn’t feel his emotions at all.

As if feeling her eyes on him, he glanced over at her as he drove, giving her a strange look. “What?” he asked, and even though she could tell he was confused by her stare, she couldn’t feel his confusion. The only thing she could feel was her own fatigue. “Are you okay?”

It took her a moment to answer, but she finally managed to squeak out weakly, “Yeah. Yeah, I’m okay.” She stared at him for a moment longer before finally looking away, instead searching for him with her extra sense. She couldn’t feel anything. And though she felt strangely deprived being unable to sense what he was feeling, she was suddenly filled with a strange eagerness to spend some time feeling only her own emotions, regardless of how long it lasted.

Author's Note: That’s not really how I feel about English Literature. Also, I hate this ending. Check out my full story for a better overall plot! This version will not be continued; it’s just here for those who don’t feel like reading the full story.

