Harley And Ivy

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-09-18 01:44

This is essentially a prequel to earning the cowl. Not much to say on it, I actually had this planned before earning the cowl, but I couldn't decide what I wanted Ivy's costume to be, I still don't like my decision.

Harley Quinn sat slumped against a torn up couch in an empty warehouse. She sighed sadly. Her true love was currently locked up in Belle Reve. With no current way of freeing the Joker, she was stuck in the warehouse alone. Originally the henchmen stayed, but after several advances and the consequential death of each "Romeo" they fled elsewhere. With the absence of the perverts Harley was dressed in a red soffee that barely covered her ass, and a pink lacy bra. Her hair was messy and her face was devoid of make-up yet still stunning. She fell back into her chair, unsure what she would do with herself until she got her Mr. J back.

She sighed once more and forced herself to her feet. She walked over to a beat up wardrobe and pulled out her signature outfit before dashing off to the "shower house" in the west wing. She slowly washed herself clean, barely noticing the icy bite of the water as she cleaned days’ worth of sweat and grime. She emerged and finally changed into fresh clothing. She pulled on her black panties first followed by her red and black pleated skirt, knee length with socks and knee length black converse and then a red one. She then proceeded to place on her black sports bra that sported the three of diamonds near her nipple area before she tended to her hair and make-up. On her way out she selected a shot gun and made her way to the zoo.

She skipped there, forcing herself to feel a positive mindset as she set out to retrieve Joker a present for when he would return home. She gained several alarmed looks but oddly enough, she wasn’t stopped until she reached the Zoo’s entrance.

“Excuse me miss but you can’t bring firearms into the zoo.” A hesitant guard stuttered.

“Oh really? Who is going to stop me?” Harley asked with a smirk on her lips.

“Well that would be my job.” The guard reached for his Taser but he was to slow. In an instant Harley had his head under her foot.

“Nice try sweetheart, but you got to be faster than that.” She pushed the head down at an awkward angle till she heard a crack. She waved with a flutter of her fingers at the alarmed pedestrians that witnessed her act. She laughed as she walked through the gates and subdued any guard that came between her and the exhibit she was looking for.

Crowds of people scattered as she strolled through the zoo, her gun against her shoulder as she gave off an oddly casual appearance. She continued to wave with an amused smirk at every frightened civilian who gawked at her. It wasn’t long before the body count had risen and she had reached her destination: the Hyena exhibit.

She carelessly hopped over the fence, jumping past the gap into the Hyena’s territory. Both of them instantly focused on the madwoman who invaded their territory. They charged at her, but Harley barely showed any concern. Once they were in range of her she simply shouted. “SIT!” The stopped dead in their tracks

“Now listen here!” She demanded. “Joker’s going to be very happy when he gets back and sees his new pets so you are coming with me.” She said to the animals, which we basically quivering in fear of her. “Good.” She said using a light log of wood to form a makeshift bridge.

However she was interrupted by the arrival of a SWAT helicopter. Within seconds the men grappled down to the exhibit around her. She frowned. “You are really screwing with my plans!” Harley said loading the shot gun and aiming it at the two blocking her bridge. The scatter shot flung back both of them to the ground, hopefully dead as she dodged a flurry of bullets, making her way to the exit without her pets.

She ducked, twisted and side-stepped the lousy shots occasionally firing backwards at the men. Eventually she managed to lose them as she pushed herself through crowds of people and behind large sculptures and gazebos till she found herself at the zoo’s greenhouse. She raced in without thinking, pushing through the doors to find she wasn’t alone.

“Doctor Harleen Quinn. What are you doing here?” The deep, sexy voice of Poison Ivy called out. No sooner had she spoken than the voluptuous red head emerged into sight. With pale skin, long silky legs, a perfect hourglass body and a face that could make Aphrodite jealous, it was easy to see why nature made her the fixation of any man in Gotham.

“I think the gun in my hand makes it fairly obvious that I am no longer a psychiatrist. Oh and I go by Harley now.” Harley said, admiring Ivy’s bold fashion choice: absolutely nothing. Harley quickly formed an idea. “Hey Ivy… I need an escape from this joint. If you help me get out of here I can give you better living conditions.”

“I happen to like being amongst the plants.” Ivy said caressing a rose.

“Whatever Red, just do me this favor and once Joker breaks free I’ll guarantee you a forest if that’s what it takes.”

“Fine.” Ivy rolled her eyes, not believing Harley’s bribe. She utilized a system of vines and shrubs to form a hidden path leading them to a small hole in the fence of the zoo for them to escape without alerting the guards. Ivy summoned up a vine carrying a trench coat which she wrapped herself up in to avoid even more attraction.

The two raced off, struggling to slip through the gate before racing through the streets, never once breaking stride until they reached the warehouse.

“Is this the ‘better’ living conditions you were speaking of?” Ivy said in disgust.

“At least this place has a shower.” Harley said begrudgingly leading Ivy into the interior of the ware house.

A week later and the two super villains had formed a tight bond. Ivy had even concocted a counted pheromone to her body’s poison so Harley could survive long exposure to her. They even shared the only bed in the warehouse. However they were preparing for a bank job.

Ivy struggled into her green skinny jeans following her moss green lacey panties. Next she slipped into a green bikini top with a gold circle between the cups.

“I thought you preferred to be naked.” Harley commented indifferently. She felt a prickle in her urethra but knew it was just nerves. She pulled on red daisy dukes that had black suspenders that formed an “X” as it crossed over her torso. A black tube top covered her purple and red lace bra. Finally she slipped on red and black converse sneakers.

“I do. But I still dress appropriately in public.”

“You think that’s appropriate? Not that I’m complaining. I like your style Ivy.” Harley said, holstering it to her suspenders. The two made their way to the Gotham National bank attracting quite a lot of attention as the strut through the streets nonchalantly.

Soon they were on the lawn of the bank, Ivy seemed to relish the feeling of grass on her bare feet for a moment before following Harley into the bank, a severe prickle in her urethra, and she also brushed off as nerves.

The two burst through the doors and Harley instantly swung the barrel of her gun around menacingly.

“On the floor now!” I demanded. “You! Get the cash from the vault.” Ivy pointed at the farthest bank teller. In a panicky instant the bank employees and the citizens of Gotham were cowering in the far corner on their hands and knees while the female employee was in the vault gathering the loot. However, it wasn’t long before squad cars and the Swat team pulled up outside and instantly had the building on lockdown. Not too long after both Harley and Ivy quickly realized what they brushed off as nerves was a desperate need to use the bathroom.

As an hour passed by and the police refused each negotiation Harley was walking in three foot circles , body hunched over and her hands pressing against her lap. Ivy had her legs crossed tightly her body quivered as she hung up the phone.

“Ivy, why don’t you just make a way out for us?”

“I… Can’t… draw…. The concentration.” She spoke. “It would… mean… wetting myself.”

“Just go use the bathroom then!” Harley cried out, speeding up her pacing.

“You know we can’t do that!”

“Ivy give us a way out now or I’m going to explode!” Harley screamed.

“Fine!” Ivy said. The effects were instant as a dark glistening wet patch began to spread down the back of her legs as pee spilled from her urethra as a puddle began to pool from beneath her feet. Small rivulets of urine ran down her bare feet as the first trunk like vine tore through the floor. As more concentration was added to breaking free, the speed of the urine picked up. Streams splattered to the floor beneath Ivy and her jeans were nearly entirely soaked by hot pee.

However the ground was torn open giving Harley and Poison Ivy an escape. Harley grinned as she made herself take a step towards the opening in the floor. Her bladder couldn’t take it anymore and her shorts turned a darker shade of red as a large stream of urine began to cascade between her legs, rivulets of the warm urine trickled down her legs as a veil of urine formed just beneath her groan as the majority of the urine began to soak her right leg as it began to fill her sneakers. The urine overflowed the shoes and splashed out, contributing to the large puddle beneath her. As the flow continued Harley’s puddle mingled with Ivy’s who was standing in disbelief. Hot pee continued to pour down her legs and between them in a series of streams, splattering on the floor of the bank till Harley’s bladder ran empty.

“Tell no one.” She said aiming her gun at the crowd before leaping down the hole followed By Ivy. A series of thick vines covered their getaway as they ran through the sewer system back to the warehouse. Once safe in their refuge Harley squealed in glee.

“We did it Ivy!” Harley spun on her right foot, an odd squashing noise coming from her soaked shoe. Without thinking she planted a kiss on Ivy’s lips. She pulled away instantly. “I.. don’t… know what I was…” Ivy didn’t answer. Instead she pulled Harley back in for a long, passionate kiss. The pheromones kicked in, intensifying the amazing feeling between the two as the soaked friends kissed each other harder and harder.

Harley jumped on Ivy, her legs wrapping around Ivy’s waist, her tongue flicking through her mouth as they fell back onto their bed. Harley untied Ivy’s bra and discarded it. They only took a break to breath as Ivy pulled off Harley’s top and discarding. The two continued to lose clothing as they grew more and more intimate.

I'm going to stop you there. One because I'm a troll and two I feel extremely awkward writing a lesbian sex thing, Something I have no experience with. Well I hope you enjoyed this and leave your feedback, comments, criticism below.

*002*2012-09-18 02:36

{{: 

I liked it very much and thought you got the costume just right.

}}

Thanks:D Glad to hear it:)

*004*2012-09-18 20:57

{{:

Woooo another great story, you always seem to get the content i love, thanks so much :)

}}

Thank I'm really glad you liked it:)

*006*2012-09-18 21:20

{{:

Like isn't the word to use....i loved it :)

}}

Love, even better:D

*008*2012-09-22 22:18

{{: 

Likewise here, i loved it. every story you write is awsome. Keep it up.

}}

Thanks, that means so much to me:)

