David and Lindsay: The Hotel

Author: Mr_Omorashi

*000*2013-01-27 04:40

I've mentioned before that me and my girlfriend like to roleplay regularly over kik since we live in different countries. She knows about my omorashi fetish and she enjoys talking about it and teasing me even though I'm sure she doesn't like that kind of thing. Anyway, a couple of nights ago, she incorporated peeing into one of our roleplaying sessions. When we do it, we speak in the first person, so I have changed it into third person and will write a story from it here. The names have been changed for our privacy. Enjoy.

Warning: There is sex-related activity in this story.

###

- 11:34pm -

David and Lindsay were on a train home from a day in another city. The train was almost deserted apart from a couple of people left in the same carriage. Lindsay stared out of the window with a blank gaze. It was too dark to see anything outside, although she was sure she knew where they were.

The train slowed down to a stop and the last few passengers left. Not wasting another second, David put his hand on Lindsay's shoulder and she turned around. He kissed her with great force, startling her for a split second before she became aware and started embracing it.

"What are you doing?" Lindsay asked.

"Making the most of the quiet atmosphere." David replied.

"Okay." Lindsay smiled and went in for another kiss. David slowly slipped his hand down to her crotch to feel her vagina through her underwear. She jumped.

"What are you doing that for!?"

"Shhh... Nobody is here. We can have some fun..."

"Okay. But I have to go to the bathroom first. And then we can... Do whatever..."

Lindsay got up and started heading for the toilets just behind the door at the end of the room. Before she could take two steps, David grabbed her and spun her around.

"Hey, not so fast, there..." David exclaimed.

"What's so important?" She complained.

David didn't reply. Instead he took her hands and wrapped them around his waist. He kissed her and once again, brought his hand down to her crotch and rubbed her through her pants.

Lindsay flinched but then relaxed against his hand. Lindsay screwed her face slightly.

"I really have to go..."

David smiled. "How badly?"

"Pretty bad."

David just ignored this. Instead he pushed harder on her vagina to raise her arousal even more. Lindsay tried to resist as she felt her bladder leak slightly. She knew she didn't have long left.

"Stop it David, That's not helping my situation!"

He rubbed her faster, hoping for some results.

"Ahh, no!"

Lindsay started to pee on the spot. A faint hissing could be heard as the liquid began to cascade from between her legs. David kept his hand I'm the same place, letting the urine run through his fingers.

"Mmmmmm..." Lindsay quietly moaned. She starts to blush brightly.

"It's okay..." David reassures her.

Her pee lasts quite a while. David move his hand into Lindsay's underwear so he could feel the direct flow of her pee. He also begins to play with her clitoris a little.

As the gushing slowed, he dipped a finger into her vagina. Lindsay arched her back slightly and bit down on her lip. David began to slowly finger her and kissed her on the neck. She moved her hips in time with his fingers.

"Oh yeah, David..."

"Let's go to the hotel", he whispered.

"Sure thing..."

David was still determined to give her an orgasm before they exited the train. He slipped two more fingers inside her and moved faster than before.

"Ahh!"

The moans meant David was on the right track. He continued to get her off, the moaning becoming increasingly louder. He raised his other hand and put it on her mouth. They would be getting off the train earlier so they could go to a hotel instead of home but if they were caught performing indecent acts and thrown off before the correct stop, they would surely get lost.

"Aghghh, D-David!"

Lindsay was close to orgasm. David fingered her vagina hard and fast.

"AHHHHH!"

Lindsay screamed. She jerked her hips on David's fingers, covering them with her sweet juices. She smiled up at him and lifted herself off his hand.

At that moment, the doors opened and David took Lindsay's hand. They ran towards the hotel for another night of fun...

###

I hope you enjoyed and I hope sex isn't banned from this forum because without that part, this story would be boring. There was originally going to be a part two but that but doesn't have any omo in it, just sex.

Thanks for reading and I encourage you to give your opinion (including criticism).

