Omorashi Fiction Compilation

Author: Ranpalan

*000*2011-02-10 01:48

Seeing the great contributions recently made by, amongst others, Meowth, antifairy, Zryouiki, Kenshin, and Slater, I've decided to gather the best stories and bundle them together into a single PDF file which could then be downloaded and viewed offline. It will have the same basic format as what is used in my typesetting of Zryouiki's Wet Note, which can be found here

.

If you'd like to see a work included, please post a link to the topic here. I will make a list of all nominated works in this topic, which can then be voted for and the higher-ranking ones of which I will include. I am aiming to have 10-15 stories, but there's no harm in nominating more -- if we have enough, we can always make a second volume. Multi-part fics are fine, too, but anything longer than three chapters will probably get a book of its own.

To writers: you will be contacted by private message if your work is nominated, requesting your permission to include the work. Feel free to PM me or post here if you know you're okay or not okay with your work being included.

Small note: feel free to nominate your own works. However, a work nominated by someone other than the writer immediately gets a +1, as that person is also voting for it. Oh, and you have unlimited votes.

Permission granted by:

Antifairy

Zryouiki

Meowth

Permission denied by:

Miles255

Works nominated:

The Chemistry Class

, by Flush {Ranpalan} Maddy's Double Wetting

, by antifairy {Ranpalan} Wet Note

, by Zryouiki (chapter 2) {Faust, famousfan} Wet Note

, by Zryouiki (chapter 3) {Faust, famousfan} Lisa's Second Secret

, by Slater {Miles, Flush, famousfan} Yuno and Faust

, by Faust {famousfan} A not so Cliché Summer

, by Meowth {Ranpalan, Flush}

Go ahead and nominate/vote. ^^

*002*2011-02-10 09:43

Zryouiki, would you perhaps want to select one or two chapters to submit, seeing as your work is long and is already being put together into a single volume, anyway?

*007*2011-02-15 01:08

Added and immediately supported -- it's certainly a worthy submission.

However, I'd like to remind people that I intend this to be somewhat more of a group effort. Thus, please start voting on the stories you like if you want them to appear, I'd rather not have this simply be a collection of my favourite works. ^^

*011*2011-04-08 11:42

As stated, you are allowed to nominate your own works, but they start out with no votes.

I'm currently considering simply choosing some stories myself and putting those, if more people don't vote.

*013*2011-04-08 12:50

Please specify which one(s) of the stories you mean. Also, Faust's Wet Note has not been nominated (and will probably be getting it's own book).

Word is useless. I'm not sure about PDF; I could turn it into text, but I can just as well use the one posted in the topic.

