Zelda's visit

Author: SecretPerson

*000*2015-01-10 19:57

I wrote this story last night, after drawing a picture of a bulging bladder girl and naming her Zelda. I can't upload the picture as of yet, but I will if I get the chance; she's not intended to be Princess Zelda from the Legend of Zelda games, but you can of course imagine her any way you like as you read.

I've been a member of this site for some time, enjoying it immensely, and only now am I finally giving something back. All feedback and comments, especially constructive criticism, are more than welcome! I hope you enjoy :)

(EDIT: after copying and pasting this into the uploader, I had to manually insert spaces, as the tabs didn't copy. Any suggestions on how not to have to do this?)

Zelda woke up to her alarm clock, and got out of bed with a stretch. She had slept lightly and was wide awake now, and as planned her bladder was quite pressingly full. She enjoyed the feeling and savored it while she picked out the day's clothes, before heading to the bathroom and stripping. Her body was a sight to behold: she was a beautiful, curvy girl; thick but not fat; tall, straight shoulder-length hair, and large breasts that flowed easily with the rest of her. The nice bulge in her tummy where her bladder was struggling mildly to contain its load was just as fitting as her chest, and could very well have been natural chubbiness and looked pretty all the same; however, as she sat on the toilet and sprayed it out in a much-needed, very relieving pee, it diminished into a flat tummy that looked no less natural and beautiful.

Zelda sighed in equal parts relief and disappointment when her bladder was again empty. She hadn't gone to the bathroom in three full days, so she had been facing quite a load, but still – she rather enjoyed being that full.

No matter! Zelda reminded herself, as she stepped into the shower, that she had a much bigger, more satisfying hold ahead of her, for today she would depart for her friend's lake house, which was across the country, and she fully intended not to relieve herself until she got back (not out of a distaste for others' toilets, however; simply out of desire for a nice challenge). The warm water poured over her and splashed off her many curves as she cleaned herself gracefully, grinningly anticipating the excitement ahead and imagining the water from the shower as being in her bladder, imagining how it would feel. She decided, as she stepped back out again and picked out a towel to begin drying off, that it would feel rather good.

When Zelda was dried off, she put on the clothes she had chosen: a black skirt with pink panties, and a blue t-shirt with a pink bra. She blow-dried her hair and combed it down in its sophisticated yet friendly and reliable little wave across her head, and walked back to her room to double-check her luggage one last time. Swimsuit, suntan lotion, clothes, toiletries, a book to read, pajamas, her phone, and a notebook – it was all there. She zipped the back and carried it out to her car, and then went back inside to have a breakfast before leaving. She ate a quick muffin while pouring herself a tall glass of cold orange juice – the first batch of liquid to begin filling her bladder. She gulped down the orange juice all at once, feeling quite dehydrated, and briefly considered downing another one; however, she decided against it, on the grounds that she would probably pee herself if she drank that freely.

What an idea, me peeing myself, thought the brown-eyed girl to herself as she moved out to the car and got in. Ridiculous!

She smiled and shook her head to no one, and began driving.

Four hours passed. The drive to the her friend's lake house was as straight as an arrow the whole way there, but she would have to make one night-stop in the middle. As she had left shortly after sunrise it was now 11:30 AM, and she was feeling thirsty (at least, she was feeling bored and her bladder was feeling empty). She pulled into a rest stop and bought a large coffee at the small concession stand, as well as a handful of health-bars for the road. She drank the coffee in several big gulps as she was leaving, and had an empty cup by the time she reached her car.

Her bladder, of course, was no more full than it was five seconds ago before drinking the coffee, so Zelda experience no direct effect; the thought, however, of almost double the liquid from before on its way to fill her, provided enough entertainment and fantasy-inspiration that she was no longer bored. Her breasts bounced innocently as she climbed into the car and plopped down on the slightly-bouncy seat, and turned the head of a passing young man, who almost received a death glare, but due to Zelda's somewhat flirty personality (and, more effectively, her somewhat aroused state of mind) received a wink and a smile instead; her wondrous attractiveness nearly tripped him.

Back on the road. Another four hours passed, and at 4:00 PM Zelda noticed a small twinge coming from her lower abdomen. She put one hand on her belly and pressed; sure enough, she could feel her bladder beginning to get the smallest bit full. It being only the first day of driving, this was a bit worrying, but then again she was the iron-bladdered Zelda! She continued driving.

By 9:00 PM, she was ready to call it a night. She found a hotel and dragged herself in, sleepy despite the extra sleep she had gotten last night, the coffee she had drank, and the now-noticeable urge in her bladder. It was still practically nothing at all, but its constant reminder of presence surely must have counted for something.

Either way- Zelda brought her bags up to her room and flopped down on the bed, not even bothering to change before falling asleep.

The second day went much the same as the first, with two differences: Zelda did not pee when she first awoke, and when the day was nearly out at 7 PM, she was arriving not at a hotel but at her friend's actual lake house. She had even had a similar glass of juice with breakfast and bought a similar cup of coffee at the same time!

One other small but all-important other difference may be noted: by the end of the second day, her iron-bladder was now beginning to feel moderately full, and on her normally-flat tummy she could see a bit of a bulge forming. Its width and height covered her evenly from hip to hip, and from crotch to belly button; it was perhaps a centimeter in depth. She pressed on it, and in response her bladder complained a bit more loudly than immediately before, sending a wave of excitement through Zelda's amazing body. She sat in the car and enjoyed a minor chill from the thought of holding for multiple more days before finally peeing again, before getting out and gathering up her bags.

“Hey Zelda!”

Zelda turned around, and found her life-long best friend Crystal standing right behind her, arms outstretched in a hug at the ready. Her blond hair spilled down over her chest, which was a bit larger than Zelda's. She was a larger person in general for that matter, being wider and thicker and perhaps even a bit chubby, but of course Zelda loved her all the same. They drew one another into a hug as Zelda said “Crystal! Hi! Oh, long time no see!”

“I've missed you!” said Crystal sincerely.

“I've missed you too!” They drew back out of the chest-squishing embrace and held one another at arm's length. “How've you been?”

“Oh, I've been just great! My out-of-town project is done, so I can actually go home straight from here!”

Zelda gasped happily, forgetting all thoughts of her bladder and its moderate fullness. “That's wonderful!” she cried, pulling Crystal back into another hug.

When they finally let go, Crystal offered to help carry in the bags so they could get them all in one trip, and Zelda happily accepted. The two beautiful girls, thus, headed into their vacation house and tossed down their bags.

“C'mon!” said Crystal. “It's almost sunset! You'll want to see every twilight you can over the lake; it's beautiful as anything.”

She and Zelda raced to the balcony, where they sat and enjoyed the bright reds and oranges of dusk, and watched as they turned back to dark purples and blacks. In her idleness of mind, Zelda's bladder reasserted itself a bit more strongly then before. She was now what she considered 'comfortably full' – about a 5 out of 10 urge to pee. If she thought about it, this was rather unsettling; she had done exactly half of the driving portion of her trip, and her bladder was about half full. Accounting for no time at all spent actually at the lake house, she would make it home just as she reached 10 out of 10; a completely full bladder!

She did not, therefore, think about it. Again, she was freaking Zelda! She had no need of these childish urges such as peeing, she had no desire to go back on her word not to pee until she arrived home, and she did not have to pee.

(Exaggerations and optimism aside, Crystal would be doing the driving on the way back home, so Zelda need not worry about an overfull, swollen bladder causing an actual road safety issue).

Crystal said “So why don't you come inside and we'll have dinner? I have pancakes ready!”

Zelda smiled at how well her friend knew her and went inside after her, keeping an eye on her bladder. She poured herself a tall glass of milk all the same, though – the fifth dose of this volume of liquid she would consume. After dinner, the girls spent the evening catching up on each other's lives (though they had been exchanging calls almost daily); at the end of the talk and at bedtime, Zelda's bladder was reaching a 5.5/10 fullness. She went into the bathroom to change into pajamas, and eyed the toilet. Of course she wouldn't pee just yet, but it was there in case she...well, never mind. It wouldn't come to that much of an emergency.

She walked into their shared room to find Crystal already changed and in her bed. Most people, with a 5.5/10 urge to pee, would walk a bit crooked, or else with an unnatural bounce in their step, or if neither of those then with cross-legged steps now and again; Zelda had none of that. She walked to her bed exactly as naturally as if her bladder was empty, the only sign of her impending desperation being the slightly-visible bulge on her belly.

Normally the girls would have stayed up talking for another hour, especially given their separation, but tonight they agreed by mutual silence that it was sleepy-time. Crystal was asleep almost immediately, and Zelda, only slightly drawn aside by her inner piss collection, followed soon after.

Morning came, and with the yellow sun came yellow pee; not from Zelda – of course, as she had resolved not to and was only at 7/10 fullness now – but from Crystal. She woke with some confusion, and Zelda saw her get up and dash to the bathroom. Zelda follower her, out of some worry but mostly curiosity and potential excitement, and saw her closing the door hastily. She walked up to the door quietly. She heard the tapping of Crystal's feet on the floor and a moan or two, before finally an “aha!” and the dropping of a toilet lid. Crystal had finally gotten her belt undone, Zelda imagined, and was now sitting down to relive herself of a pee that had made her dance.

Sure enough, as Zelda listened, almost immediately after the toilet lid hit, she heard a gushing stream strike a body of still water, and build up to a maximum force quickly – unmistakably someone peeing hard, as though said person was about to pee her pants as she walked into the bathroom. The beautiful sound of Zelda's friend emptying her apparently-large bladder went on for nearly a minute – having no nice effect, of course, on Zelda's own bladder, which was now aching a bit – before finally slowing down to a trickle, and finally slipping out of existence with a drop, a flush, and a sigh to end all sighs. As Crystal washed her hands, Zelda dashed back to their room and grabbed a set of clothes, and then dashed back and pretended not to have left, just as Crystal exited the restroom.

Zelda looked at her with teasing, knowing eyes, and Crystal paused, raised her eyebrows, and said “Hm?” She wasn't still for long, though, before saying “Oh! That.” and blushing with a laugh. “I had to go to the bathroom SO bad, you don't even know. I was about to pee all over the floor.”

Zelda laughed to cover her arousal at her friend's amazing pee and at her own filling bladder, and said “All that piss just from overnight?”

“No, actually I've had to go since like yesterday morning. Like even when you arrived I was ready to pee my pants.” Crystal explained herself with an embarrassment that was not actually unpleasant, but rather simply submitting of itself to a light teasing.

“Oh, okay” said Zelda, smiling. “Good thing I didn't go like- THIS!” With the last word, Zelda dropped all of her clothes on the floor and lunged at Crystal, tickling her relentlessly until she almost fell over. She paused for a moment – a fatal mistake, as in that moment Crystal turned the tables and began tickling her! She laughed, and squirmed and writhed around in her friend's grasp, trying to escape the onslaught while also holding her pee, which was getting harder by the minute. Finally Crystal let up, and they both lay on the floor, giggling and poking one another. A few of Crystal's pokes landed innocently on Zelda's bladder, and unknowingly caused Zelda a good amount of pain to continue holding back the flood. Even at only 7.5/10 desperation, three-quarters full, Zelda's bladder held a LOT of pee, and bulged out considerably far; perhaps a whole inch!

Finally she got up and gathered her clothes, and Crystal got up and began making herself breakfast, the both of them still letting out a giggle here and there. Zelda closed the bathroom door and had herself a nice hot shower, elegantly lathering her body with soap and rinsing with water. The water running over her body, of course, only gave her constant reminder of her considerably full bladder. She gave it a few experimental presses, and each one seemed to increase her need not only in the short run, but also in the long run, as if it actually added water into her bladder! Of course Zelda knew this was silly, but it was nonetheless what it felt like.

Stepping out of the shower and drying off, Zelda noticed an issue. In her haste to grab some plausible waiting-for-the-bathroom clothes, she had picked up her swimsuit instead of her underwear! She thought about calling to Crystal, or even just streaking across to her room quickly (they were extremely close friends and would hardly even be embarrassed). A better idea, however, occurred to her: why not just wear her swimsuit? It wasn't cold inside the house, and as mentioned they were close enough that the show-offy near-underwear suit would be perfectly acceptable. So she just picked up the black two-piece suit and put it on. It showed off her body excellently; the top was basically a bra with most of the edge parts cut off, exposing her soft breast from the top and side; the bottom was a thin piece of underwear that accented her hips and butt and, incidentally, her bladder, which was now sticking out by perhaps in inch.

She exited the bathroom, carrying her regular shirt and pants along with her pajamas, as if she had intended all along to wear nothing but her swimsuit. Crystal didn't notice the scandal, and didn't question her friend's clothing choice; thus they ate breakfast just as if Zelda were fully clothed (and not, by now, a bit bursting to pee). They had planned to go outside swimming today, but a brief evaluation of the water revealed it to be “too frickin' cold for life to exist”. This study, however, was found to be both “nonsense” and a “silly complaint”, and thus a counter-study was carried out, which was then forced to admit that it was “pretty darn cold”. Zelda, however, really wanted to test out her holding abilities when exposed to the water, and since tomorrow was their last day they needed to do it either then or today – presuming she could even hold her pee until tomorrow to make it an option!

Thus it was resolved, with some persuasion from Zelda, that they would go outside and swim in a few hours.

In those few hours, Zelda managed to get herself into some trouble. She had consumed a glass of orange juice (with breakfast) , a glass of milk (with the juice), a bottle of water (“I'm thirsty”), another bottle of water (“I'm still thirsty”), and a third bottle of water (“I like having something to sip while I read.”). And in those few hours, the liquids had made their way down into her ever-filling bladder, upping her urgency levels from a 7.5 to a solid 9.

The bulge had grown considerably, now pushing outwards perhaps an inch and a half over her whole tummy, and the actual pressure and effort involved with holding it in had become nontrivial. Zelda sat in her chair reading, with her legs uncrossed but pressed together slightly, silently facing one wave after another of temporarily increased urgency to piss. It was even a bit hard to maintain composure; she had some desire to shift around in her chair, and wished more than once that she could cross her legs. During a particularly bad wave, she had even pressed her hand into her lap subtly for a second or so, to hold it back.

Zelda – the beautiful girl with a bladder of steel – really, really had to pee.

“You wanna go check the water again to see if it's good?” Crystal finally suggested.

Zelda looked up from her book, and suppressed her desire to pee in order to pay attention.

“Uhh- yeah! Good idea.” she said. She stood up, still in nothing but a bathing suit, and managed to keep her urge to pee underground, beneath the surface. If Crystal had looked, the bulge on her tummy would have been unmistakable, but Crystal did not look, having not noticed that her friend had not used the bathroom once in the whole time she was there, or else assuming she had peed a few hours ago before breakfast.

Either way, even as they both plunged into the water playfully and began swimming and splashing around, Zelda managed to control herself decently, and even could ignore her silly pee-filled bladder enough to have fun with her friend.

The water, however, did nothing to help her efforts, and in looking out at the vast stretch of lake that hid even its other side from sight, she was reminded of her own personal lake, colored a brilliant yellow and struggling to escape. As they climbed out of the water a few hours later, she still managed to hold it in discretely, though with some more effort than before. She was, as she admitted to herself, as full as 9.5 now. Her bladder gave her no peace at all, instead it constantly begged and negotiate with relief, threatening more than once to empty itself without Zelda's permission – a threat, by the way, that Zelda could not fend off with sheer will power; she crossed her legs.

After drying off and going inside, Zelda still opted to remain in only her swimsuit. Her bulge was quite visible, sticking out a full two inches from her normal flatness (though Crystal, happily, took no notice) and her efforts to keep the dam shut were gradually becoming more and more desperate. It was only mid afternoon the day before they leave for two days of driving, and already the great Zelda was coming close to her limit. This wouldn't do. She got up and paced a little, not entirely to help her think.

She walked to the kitchen to grab another water bottle, and sipped at it worriedly. Soon it was gone, and she was well on her way through another one – practically playing double or nothing with her bladder – when Crystal walked in and asked what was wrong. Zelda almost blushed to find that she had not been entirely composed during her pacing, and had done a bit of a squirm at either end of each line of steps, and had given herself a little squeeze between the legs on more than one occasion. She instantly stopped each of these cold turkey, and stood pointedly still with her legs pointedly far apart.

“Oh, nothing's wrong.” She said. “I'm just...sad to be leaving this place so soon. It's so nice here.”

Crystal looked at her sympathetically and said “Oh, c'mere you!” and pulled Zelda into a long, tight, comforting hug. Of course, the tightness of the hug meant the Crystal's whole body was pressing onto Zelda's bladder. Not wanting to be rude – and genuinely enjoying the embrace – Zelda hugged back just as hard, doubling the pressure on her bladder. She felt as though she would explode right then and there, but she somehow managed to pull through and remain still as Crystal ended the hug after an unbearable eternity, and headed to the bathroom. As soon as she was out of sight, Zelda took a moment to squirm around, do a little dance on the spot, and grab her crotch a few times, to catch up on all the holding she owed her bladder. She took out a third bottle just before gulping down the second, and wondered why she was doing this to herself. She wouldn't be able to hold her pee even without all this needless extra, so why drink it? Why not make it so she could at least last longer?

Her train of thought was cut short by hearing another loud, strong pee coming from behind the bathroom door. It sounded quite relieving to its owner, which of course just made it even harder for Zelda to hold.

Too bad! After Crystal came out, Zelda refrained from going in herself, and instead said “another nice pee, I notice?” and grinned teasingly.

Crystal grinned back. “I really had to go.” she said, blushing. “I thought I was gonna pee myself when we were hugging!”

Torn between arousal and desperation, Zelda simply said “That makes two of us.”

“Oh!” said Crystal. “Sorry, am I keeping you out of the bathroom?”

Zelda laughed and shook her head. “Nah- I'll go later.”

Crystal first made to ask if Zelda was sure, but something in her eye told her that Zelda was in fact quite sure, so she instead asked “Oh? Why not now?”

“Eh.” replied Zelda, lying with the casualness of her voice. “I can hold it.”

Crystal chuckled. “Alrighty then.”

Dinnertime came and went. Zelda's bladder stretched more and more to accommodate for the three bottles she had drank while pacing, and she continued valiantly fighting on, holding back the pee for just a minute longer, again and again, still showing few outward signs of her desperate need. She wasn't yet at a 10, but 9.5 was too small a number to capture her need. A 9.8, she might have called it.

Either way, as she ate dinner she squirmed from side to side, shifted in her seat, and kept a hand near her lap at all times. When Crystal would look over she would summon all her willpower to stop moving, and somehow keep herself shut tight and dry discretely, until something else caught her friend's attention, whereupon she would resume her pee-dance.

After dinner, she remained again in her bathing suit, being too full of pee to concentrate on changing. In her room she threw all her stuff into her bag and considered herself packed for tomorrow. The owner of the house could keep her toothbrush and toothpaste; she was NOT going near a toilet in this state.

The girls' evening stay-up was conducted in much the same was as dinner, with Zelda sitting still and calm when Crystal looked over, and when she looked away desperately scissoring her legs, crossing them tightly while rocking back and forth, and squeezing her hand between her legs. Their chatting went on nearly an hour, and Zelda could barely comprehend any of it due to her extreme urge to piss. Afterwards, it took her nearly another hour to fall asleep for the same reason. She absolutely refused to relieve herself in that bathroom, right up until her desperate tossing and turning of wakefulness became a gentle shifting and squirming under the palm of sleep.

Zelda awoke in pain. Her bladder immediately screamed in her ear for relief, and she all but ran straight to the bathroom and slammed the door behind her. She danced on the spot, trying to remember in her still sleepy mood how to take off underwear. By the time it came to her, however, she also remembered her promise. I will not pee in that toilet. She continued hopping back and forth from foot to foot, biting her lip, holding herself, trying to calm the 3-inch bulge in her tummy that was her swollen bladder. A solution had to be reached, now. Finally it occurred to her: she promised not to pee in the toilet. She could very well, if she wished, go pee in the lake.

So, she burst out of the bathroom and ran frantically down to the shore, noticing Crystal enter the bathroom only peripherally. She reached the water in a matter of seconds, and was just about to let it all out when she saw a family with children canoing past, taking their sweet time to get on past their part of the shore and out of sight.

Zelda watched them with a burning glare, doing a full pee-dance where she stood. She paced back and forth in a panic, desperate to hide her predicament from them in case they might look over. She took two steps, and bent over with crossed legs, holding her crotch. She snapped back upright in less than a second, only to groan and press her legs together tightly. She looked this way and that for somewhere, ANYWHERE she might be able to relieve herself, but found none! She continued pacing around, her bladder on red alert, beyond 10, beyond 11, beyond 12! She was desperate to pee, frantic to pee, absolutely, positively, at-the-limit, DYING to just go pee already!

In a frenzied panic, she ran back UP the stairs into the house, and ran to the bathroom door, holding her crotch the whole way. She ran up to the door and seized the knob, only to find it locked! She danced frantically back and forth around the hallway, bouncing up and down, holding herself, and doing everything possible to keep her piss contained. She pounded on the door and yelled “Crystal! For God's sake hurry up! I'm gonna pee my pants!” Tears came to her eyes, as wave after wave of pressure and pain cam over her. She was in the final minute of her holding, she knew that much. Her frantic, desperate, panicked dance could only last her so long.

And right then, it happened. There was no sneeze, no scare, no tickling, no anything at all. Zelda simply could not control her bladder any longer. First a single spurt came out, then the whole rest of the flood. The first spurt caused only a slightly damp spot on her swimsuit; the flood came out in a thick, strong, hissing jet of hot pee, locked up in Zelda's bladder for so long. It came out uninvited by anyone, least of all Zelda herself, yet as Zelda stood, frozen, with her legs crossed over so that she was pressed low to the ground and both hands in her crotch, it came out anyway. It puddled up on the floor quickly as Zelda watched in horror. She couldn't believe it. She, the iron bladder; she, the holding queen; she, Zelda (!) was standing here, peeing her pants. Wetting herself. Having an accident.

A minute later, Zelda was still peeing violently, tears coming out almost as fast as piss, and she saw Crystal coming out of the bathroom. Her already red cheeks turned an ever deeper hue and spread the color around her whole face and to her ears as she continued letting it out, only now far enough through the process that she could begin to feel some relief. By now, she had given up all hope of trying to stop the stream, but even though at this point she felt she might be able to regain control, she didn't try; it felt too good to finally be releasing her enormous, overfull, sore bladder to put it off for even a second. Even as Crystal looked at her in surprise and even some disgust, Zelda just looked down and continued on for two full minutes, before her stream finally tapered into a steady little trickle, and then uneven drops. One more spurt of full-powered pee came out, and then she was empty.

Her puddle extended several feet in each direction; Crystal had stepped slowly away to avoid it, and as she had her disgust had turned to astonishment at the sheer size of her friend's bladder, and finally laughing amazement at it. Zelda looked up in shame, expecting disgust and anger, but found her friend laughing hilariously and holding her sides. They met eyes, and Zelda's confusion brought forth an explanation of her hilarity when Crystal was able to talk.

“Have you been holding ever since I went last night, when you said you really had to go?” she asked, with tears of laughter in her eyes.

Zelda's mortification was slowly turning to humor as well, and she explained half-laughingly “Ever since I left my house.”

This only reactivated Crystal's laughter, and pretty soon Zelda was laughing too, standing now in an enormous puddle of her own piss, still spreading slowly out, for no reason other than sheer stubbornness. Minutes earlier, she had stood inside the very bathroom in front of her, and decided not to pee, and here she was, facing an empty bladder nonetheless, though with the added bonus of the mess to clean up. She laughed along with Crystal until her sides ached as well, and until the spreading puddle threatened to got on the furniture nearby, and necessitated them to calm down and clean it up, which Crystal helped to do unquestioningly. When they were nearly done, Crystal got up and went into their shared bedroom, and emerged with a set of Zelda's actual clothes. Zelda had finished cleaning and put the used paper towels in the trash, then turned to face Crystal, still wearing her soiled swimsuit.

“Here,” Crystal told her. “Take a shower, and put these on.”

Zelda took the clothes with a hiccup and a “Thank you”, and proceeded into the bathroom. She peeled off the soaked suit-bottom, and unfastened and drew off the top. She took a nice, hot shower, and though it seemed she had escaped this incident with nothing more than an affectionate laugh and humorous bonding-session, she resolved in passing that she would train and stretch her bladder until she could hold for as long as she would have needed to to make it home in a potential next visit – six days.

When she exited the bathroom, Crystal was waiting for her with packed bags and a hug. She held her friend close, and though Zelda was disappointed not to have made it, and slightly ashamed to have not made it in such a dramatic way, she felt a lot better.

Crystal began with a straight face: “It's been an...interesting-” at this point she twitched and giggled “-an interesting trip, hasn't it?”

Zelda smiled. “Yeah. I suppose it has.” They looked at each other with wide grins, and then burst into laughter at the sheer ridiculousness of the situation. They continued laughing as they carried their luggage out to the car, and they continued laughing as they did a last check of the house, and they continued laughing and chatting away all the way home.

It had indeed been an interesting trip!

*002*2015-01-10 23:13

{{:

Let me just reply to this question before I read your story: I'd advice you to use a basic text editor like notepad instead of something like Word to avoid problems like this whenever you write something you're planning to copy into another program or a website.

}}

Ah, yes. Makes sense. Thanks!

*006*2015-01-17 19:09

I'm glad you all seem to like Zelda :) There shall be more of her in the future.

{{:

So wait, why couldn't she pee in the lake? Because a family was canoeing? I don't understand how that makes sense, after all, even if they were right beside each other, they wouldn't be able to hear her peeing in the lake if she's in it...

}}

It's because she would have to actually get into the lake to pee without them noticing. Her plan was to just stand at the shoreline and drop her swimsuit-bottom to pee, but she can't with a canoe going by. But, if she got into the lake, she and her swimsuit would both be wet, and Crystal would wonder what the heck Zelda was doing. Of course, one could also say that:

{{:

That doesn't mean she had perfect information or was thinking clearly enough to make that logical conclusion.

}}

I think she was probably aware that she couldn't actually get into the lake without rousing suspicion. Then again, since her original plan was to take off her swimsuit, she might have just been so distracted by her bladder that when this idea failed, she couldn't think straight to see the option of getting in.

Either way, I thank you all for your feedback and comments! There's more where this came from...

