Detention with Ms. Bershadensky

Author: Ritsuka

*000*2011-04-14 14:01

For those of you who liked my Joseph/Lenny slash fic, here's another Male Omorashi fic that I thought up. It features Alan Dierderich. If you wanna see pictures of all three : The-Day-Stars-Jewel

Alan sighed as he slid quietly into an empty seat. The detention room was eerily empty and clean today. He'd been caught with a BL Novel in school and sent to detention, normally he'd have gotten away with it, but someone tipped off Ms. Bershadensky (of course) and she'd caught him reading it in study hall.

Ms. Bershadensky walked into the classroom, she ran all the in school detentions for fifth, and eighth period. Alan looked up boredly, she sat down and glared at him, as if to say 'Go to hell, faggot.' He began to drum his fingers on the desk, bored out of his mind.

Blah, if only someone else was here, He thought staring at the clock, it was a double eighth period today, an hour and a half. He sighed, and laid his head down on the desk, slowly slipping into the realm of dreams.

Alan stood in an alley, silently looking around.

"I know this place..." He whispered to no one in particular, he looked around, "I can't put my finger on it...but I know this place."

"There you are!"

The voice made Alan's blood run cold, a tall well built man stepped from the shadows. His cousin, Kylie. She was smiling sweetly and had her hands behind her back.

"Alan, play with me!" She laughed, Alan shook his head and began to back away, she looked shocked. She pulled a cat-o-nine-tails out from behind her back, "Play with me," She snarled.

"W-What do you wanna play?" He asked staring at the whip, eye wide.

"I wanna have a tea party!" She said returning to her sweet demeanor and turning into the alley, beckoning Alan to follow her. Alan shuddered and followed her, remembering the time she'd beat him with a book after she lost to him in chess.

"Here!" She thrusted a cup filled with sugary water into his hands, he gingerly sipped at it to appease the demon child. Eventually the disgusting water was gone. He stood up.

"I should be going."

"Nooooo, stay and play with me!" Kylie squealed, Alan shook his head. She got a dark look in her eyes, "I said STAY!!" She snarled, Alan broke into a run towards the end of the alley, she followed close behind. Alan burst from the alley into the dark streets, suddenly aware of a pang in his abdomen.

"Ah...this is bad," He mumbled as Kylie's dainty footsteps grew closer, "I've gotta wake up..."

"PLAY WITH ME!!" Kylie screeched pouncing on him.

Alan's eyes snapped open. He looked around, he was back in the detention room. He sighed, and looked at the clock. Still thirty minutes to go.

'That was the most bizarre dream' He thought looking down at his hands. He gasped feeling a sharp pressure in his abdomen. "Oohh..." He moaned softly placing a hand over his abdomen.

Ms. Bershadensky looked up at him, he grinned at her, she glared back and opened up a book.

"Ooh, fuck," Alan moaned running his fingers through his hair as he felt the pressure building, "Ahhn..."

"Quiet down," Ms. Bershadensky growled, not looking up from her book, Alan shot her a look, and quickly dug through his bag looking for his phone. He found it, pulling it out of the bag when a wave of pressure stronger than before hit him.

"Aaahh..." He breathed out biting his tongue and squeezing his legs together a little. He quickly began typing on his phone.

Stuck in detention...help?

Before he could send it a wave of pressure hit him like a ton of bricks causing him to drop his phone and hold himself. Ms. Bershadensky stood up and walked over, seeing his phone she picked it up.

"I'll hold on to this until the end of the period," She sighed, Alan cursed under his breath, at anything and everything.

"How much longer..." He asked himself, and looked at the clock, fifteen minutes. He could hold it until then, right.

Five minutes passed and his hand shot up in the air.

"Yes, Mr. Diederich?" Ms. Bershadensky asked, visibly annoyed.

"Can I go to the bathroom?" He asked, "It's an emergency," He added quickly, she shook her head.

"Not until the end of Detention."

"Bitch," He muttered under his breath while trying out various holding patterns. He crossed and uncrossed his legs, then crossed them again, "Gah!" He grabbed his crotch as he felt a spurt soak into his underwear. He rocked back and forth holding himself.

'I can't hold it much longer' He thought, 'maybe I should just make a run for it...no I don't wanna get in any more trouble today...'

"Ms. Bershadensky?"

"No, you can't go to the washroom."

"..."

Alan drummed his fingers on the desk, shuddering and holding himself. 'Five minutes...' He thought to himself, 'Four and thirty seconds...'

"AH!" Another spurt soaked into his pants, creating a just-barely-not-even-really-there wet spot on the crotch of his jeans, "No no no no no no!" He cried squeezing his crotch tightly and using all his strength to regain control of his bladder.

"Mr. Diederich, be quiet, this is detention," Ms. Bershadensky half snarled. Alan didn't even hear her.

"Aaahhh, noooo," He moaned quietly, tears starting to run down his face, "Please..." He whispered squeezing his member even harder.

His prayer was, however, not heard as his bladder gave out.

"Nooo..." Alan pretty much sobbed as urine soaked his pants completely, gathering in a puddle beneath his chair. He let his head fall to his desk with a thud as tears ran freely down his cheeks, his body shook with each pitiful sob, "Why..." he whispered clenching his fists as the stream slowed, and finally stopped.

RING RING

"..." Alan said nothing, as he stood up, still sniffling. He walked slowly toward the door, shaking, half from the sheer humiliation of it all, and half from the orgasmic feeling the relief brought him. He knew he got stares from people in the hall, but he didn't care, he just didn't think about it.

###

Okay...uhm...I'm still new to this, but...I think it came out okay...What do you think, aiyah?

And yeah SUPPORT ME ON DEVIANTART

AND YOUTUBE

:3 IT'LL MAKE ME WRITER MORE!

*003*2011-04-15 02:25

{{: 

I think it came out really well myself!~

I feel bad for him getting detention just because he read yaoi though :c

The desperation and wetting was really nice and we need more male desperation on here~

Keep up the good work 83

}}

Thank you...very very much~! Everytime you comment it makes me wanna write more!! x3

And yeah...I feel bad for him too...then again...Yaoi is considered pornographic by some (especially stuffy 70 yearold Russian world history teachers...)

Yes we do need more male...cause boys are just as sexy as girls!!

