Going Depot: Michelle's Turn

Author: Guest SAM996

*000*2015-09-25 10:39

So since I did a sequel to one of my other stories I decided to another sequel once again with a character's role in reverse last time it was Amy this time its Michelle. Anyway hope you enjoy.

Plot: Amy (on her day off) goes to her work place Home Depot with her friend Michelle for home supplies but Michelle is faced with a desperate situation that Amy is familiar with. Can the two get out of this situation without being caught?

Amy didn't like going to work on her day off but she and Michelle realised they needed some small home supplies so they had to go there. Her only hope was that her employers didn't make her suddenly work just because she's there. Her thoughts were interrupted when she noticed a feeling of discomfort on Michelle's face.

"Michelle? Are you okay?" Amy asked her friend

"Yeah fine" Michelle lied. She wasn't. Shopping wasn't one of Michelle's favourite things but now they had been shopping for a couple hours and she hadn't peed since they left the house. Now judging by Amy noticing her discomfort her need was becoming harder to mask. Finally Amy put the last thing they needed in the trolley.

"Okay we're done here" Amy said

"Right well before we go I gotta pee so bad. Sorry I lied" Michelle said

"Nah its okay come on I'll take ya" Amy said. Amy remembered a time not too long ago when she had to pee too and with no option peed in a store display toilet. Luckily she had gotten away with it then. Finally the two arrived at the door of the toilets and found it out of order. Again.

"What out of order?" Michelle said in disbelief crossing her legs in desperation

"Fuck not this shit again" Amy whispered

"Yeah sorry again Amy. Toilets are out of order again both customer and employee. We really are out of luck are we?" Abby, Amy's co-worker said passing by while smiling with a forced smile. Amy presumed she had to pee too.

"Okay how bad do you need to go?" Amy asked her friend in concern

Michelle whined in response as she hopped around in desperation with some customers giving her odd looks. Finally Amy decided Michelle was going to have to do what she did. Pee in the display toilets.

"Come on. I know somewhere. But we have to be careful about it." Amy said as she walked off with Michelle following her trying to hide her desperation in her walk.

Michelle was wondering where this place was and why if the toilets were out of action did anyone have problems going to the bathroom. She soon got her answer when Amy stopped and arrived at their desperation.

"Well here we are" Amy said observing the display bathroom area again.

"Are you serious?" Michelle asked

"I am serious. This is sort of a secret safe haven for me when I've gotta go" Amy said

"But we'll be caught" Michelle said

"Not if we be secret so come on Michelle do you want to pee your pants?" Amy said

Not wanting that Michelle decided to trust her friend followed her to a display toilet that seemed complete with walls around it and a door that could lock. Stepping inside Michelle closed the door and locked the door with Amy standing outside on guard. Meanwhile inside Michelle put down the toilet seat and noticed how nice it looked in the shop lights. Sighing as she was about to do this she pulled down her and panties and sat on the toilet and after a few minutes finally let go. Michelle had to resist moaning in relief at the risk of being heard as her pee flowed endlessly into the bowl. Finally after what seemed like ever Michelle finally finished peeing. Shaking off any droplets Michelle stood up looking at the pee stains left in the bowl. Damn that's a lot of pee. As she was pulling up her pants and panties Michelle suddenly felt a feeling in her stomach. Groaning Michelle stumbled and sat on the toilet again and suddenly she heard something hit the toilet.

"Oh no" Michelle said. Though she had finished peeing she now realised she had to do something else. She had to take a shit and was now doing so.

Meanwhile outside Amy was looking around and everything seemed okay with only some people walking by and she waved them off. She was hoping Michelle would be done soon though. Just because she had gotten away with it once she's good at this kind of thing, often managing to avoid the police whenever she urinates in public but she didn't want her friend to get caught. Suddenly she noticed Abby coming up to her as she made herself look calm.

"Hey Abby" Amy said

"Hey Amy" Abby said crossing her legs in desperation

"Still gotta pee huh?" Amy asked

"Yeah. I don't know what to do." Abby said

"Yeah ironic when we're standing in a room full of toilets and yet we can't pee in them." Amy said

"Yeah..." Abby said pondering Amy's words. She then walked away doing a desperation walk. With that done Amy suddenly heard a groan from the toilet and then knocked on the door.

"Michelle? What's going on in there?" Amy asked.

Not hearing anything Amy opened the door at half-way carefully covering the outside as she noticed Michelle still sitting on the toilet as she then smelled something.

"Michelle... Are you taking a dump?" Amy asked

"Yes. Didn't plan on this really just sort of happened" Michelle said smiling in embarrassment

Amy smiled at her friend. No matter what happens the two always seem to take on the world and always get through it and this was no different.

"Stay there I'll find some toilet paper" Amy said closing and locking the door again as she heard people walking around. Michelle smiled at the fact she had a friend who understood her and didn't feel embarrassed when they got into situations like this. Suddenly Michelle's thoughts were interrupted when she farted and then shitted again giving a small moan after doing so.

Meanwhile Amy had arrived in the toilet roll section and noticed an open case of it. Wondering for a second why that was she then grabbed a toilet roll and was about to head back to the toilet display section but suddenly the manager approached her

"Hey Amy wasn't expecting you here today" Gregg the manager said

"Well my friend Michelle and I were picking up some stuff for the house." Amy said

"Where is she?" Gregg asked

"Oh out in the car. I was just on my way to the front desk to pay for this stuff." Amy lied.

"Well our cameras were malfunctioning for awhile but we've turned them back on and noticed someone enter one of the display toilets and didn't come out. Did you see anything?" Gregg asked

"No. Not at all" Amy lied again holding the toilet roll behind her back

"Well someone got to work her opening up one of those" Gregg pointed to the opened toilet roll pack

"Well I better be going Gregg" Amy said quickly walking past him as Gregg raised his eyebrow at her quick departure but quickly got a message saying they had finally found the person.

Eventually arriving at the display bathroom Amy ran to the toilet Michelle occupied. She then opened the door half-way again covering the outside passing her friend the toilet roll

"Here you Michelle. Now come on. I get the feeling we're about to be busted" Amy said

"Okay I'm done just need to do this" Michelle said unrolling the toilet roll about to pull a piece off as Amy then closed the door locking it again. She then saw two guards and Gregg enter the display bathroom area as she then walked around trying not to look suspicious

"Amy here to see us find the person who was willing to defy these expensive items?" Gregg asked

"Well I..." Amy's nervousness was caught off with Gregg's continued sentence

"And to think it was an employee of the shop." Gregg said

Amy didn't have time to react when she looked over and saw the two guards near another display toilet and holding their caught culprit which was none other than Abby who looked embarrassed and sad as everyone including Amy looked at her at the fact she was caught. Giving Amy a nod Gregg walked off with the two guards who took the shamed Abby out of there with her pants and panties still down around her ankles. Carefully stepping back to Michelle's toilet, Amy then knocked.

"Coast is clear" Amy said as Michelle then opened the door and stepped out

"Oh man that felt good. Can't believe we weren't caught" Michelle said

"Yeah. Did I ever tell you the first time this happened to me?" Amy asked putting her hands on her friend's shoulder as they walked out of the area.

Eventually the two went home with their items and still having got away with what they did today. Eventually their mess was discovered to Gregg's confusion as the cameras had malfunctioned when Michelle entered and thus didn't catch her and only caught Abby. Needless to say a lot of cleaning was done which meant Amy had a few more days off. When you gotta go then go depot.

THE END. Hope you enjoyed.

