Yukari A quiet member at the Omo Club

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2011-03-28 11:53

Yukari’s Friend (Based on RPG)

By Ishigreensa and Lillium

Chapter One: Meeting at the club

In the corner of a lonely bar for a special group of young people, a young teenager, about the age of fifteen sat, slowly sipping her usual tall glass of oglong Japanese brown tea. Her almond shaped eyes were brown as deep as the earth, and her hair was shiny blue-black with a kind of topknot hanging over the back of the main mass with use of a barrette.

The girl had on a yellow button down long sleeve blouse that was dingy and worn. Her corduroy purple pants accented her top.

Yukari always sat there, mostly unobserved by those patrons that came regularly, and she doubted anyone knew she was there. She was mostly a private girl, keeping to herself most of the time.

Around the Omo-club, the other patrons danced, talked, and drank having fun. The most prominent members that Yukari knew well, were Americans who had made up Japanese names because they loved the idea of anime and omorashi. One of the most important members of the club, the bar owner, was named Kenshin.

She observed Kenshin from afar and knew that he liked someone in the bar, and often looked for her. He could usually be seen sitting next to the bar on a sofa, often complaining about profits or other things, but also cheering up people that came in to say hi.

Neko-kun was another very common patron who was not only foreign to Japan, but perhaps to earth. He had a boy’s body, but there were very cat-like aspects that set him apart from those around him. He had the ears, eyes, and tail of a cut tabby. He was probably one of Kenshin’s favorite playmates, by the way they interacted.

There was this fairy, that looked a bit like a boy, who wore green. He was named anti-fairy, but one of the regulars dubbed him, Leprechaun , and at that time, a new comer, to the club, had become so accustomed to calling him that, that whenever he saw the antifairy, he always called him Leprecaun.

Dessy was a young girl, perhaps their age, maybe a bit older, who had a large fan base in this club. She often played guitar for the club, and she was well appreciated for her talents.

Yukari sipped her tea, knowing it would be hard to really get involved with anyone, because first of all, no one liked her. She knew this because of her home life and because of school.

Yukari’s first friend, was surprisingly new and shy. She happened to be walking into the club looking around unsure of where to sit or what to do. She just stood there in the middle of the dance floor, shaking her long brown hair, and her nervous trembling body slightly bouncing around her short skirt and her cute top.

Yukari knew what it felt like to be like that girl. She was that girl even now. No one paid her much mind, and no one talked to her. They just hung out in clicks that make Yukari think of high school.

Yukari didn’t know where the courage or idea came from, but she found herself standing up, brushing any crumbs from her favorite cookies off of her pants, she nervously approached the new comer.

The new comer stood there, slightly trembling, looking around for someone to introduce herself to, perhaps. Yukari, a very small girl for her age, appearing almost as though she were much younger than fifteen, approached the girl. She had very little in the chest department as well, and could easily be mistaken for a twelve year old or even younger.

“I am … er… Yukari,” she whispered to the stranger who had just noticed the girl. “Are you okay?”

“Oh, yeah,” the slightly taller girl giggled. “I’m Lillie,” she breathed a bit of flushed embarrassment coming to her face when she couldn’t get the words out as loud or clearly as she wanted.

“You sit me at a table there,” Yukari offered pointing at her usual spot. “I always sit arone.”

“Oh, okay,” the girl hesitated.

“Oh, if you don’t sit me, okay,” Yukari blushed deeply. “No one likes me anyway, so it’s okay if you don’t sit me.”

“Oh, no, it’s okay,” Lillie quickly responded realizing that Yukari had misunderstood her hesitancy. “So, how old are you?” she asked the foreign girl.

“I am a fifteen. I go first grade high school.”

“Oh, really?” Lillie became excited. “I’m fifteen too!”

Yukari was careful to sit quickly in the chair she always sat in for some reason. She didn’t want Lillie to take the chair, and was in it before she could even see it. She waved around the small empty table at the other three seats though.

“Want sit down?” she asked.

“Of course,” Lilly smiled.

They started to talk a little bit and realized they were in two of the same classes at school, and that they were both going to have a school trip together that Friday. They were so excited, that they talked for a long time, when Lillie started to look a bit distracted.

Yukari, just talked on not realizing anything, because she had a secret.

Lillie, meanwhile, straightened her skirt twice, and fidgeted a little. The antics around the room were the usual. Neko-kun was teasing Kenshin, and Kenshin was teasing him back. Dessy and Kenshin were also talking, and other groups of young rambunctious kids were playing around and talking.

Lillie started to shift a bit into overdrive as she squirmed a bit and started to bounce her legs some.

“Are you okay?” Yukari asked her, her face reddening as she realized that the girl probably needed to use the toilet.

“Yeah, but could you show me the washrooms?” the girl asked Yukari.

“Oh, sure.”

Yukari stood up, looked carefully through the hall, though Lillie was getting desperate and hoped to be taken by the most direct and fasted route. Yukari was still too nervous of the others, and she picked her way to avoid the most confrontation with those in the room. It took them five minutes longer, with Yukari picking her way around the floor, until they reached the small corridor with the boys’ and girls’ room.

The boys’ room had the door missing because Kenshin had taken it down when someone had playfully locked it a couple of days ago making several messes in his establishment.

There were a line of empty urinals that could be seen from the hall and four empty stalls that were not being used. Because the club had so few girls, as yet, the girls’ room was more made for privacy, so it locked from the inside, and had only one toilet and sink. There were three girls lined up outside it, and Lillie was the fourth.

Yukari saw her starting to put her hands closer to her girl-hood, and dancing a little on each foot. She stood there, with her, hoping that the line would move fast, but she didn’t have to go.

Lillie couldn’t understand how it was that Yukari, who had been talking there longer than she for the last six hours, didn’t have to use the toilet at all yet. She curled her hair in her fingers as she asked.

“Don’t you need to go too?”

Yukari blushed and looked down at the floor. She wasn’t sure she wanted to answer that question just yet. It was bad enough that she talked like a baby. She really hoped to make a friend before she said something that would ruin it.

“Um…” she could only look at her stained but dry crotch.

Lillie saw where she was looking and blushed a little too.

“Oh,” she giggled. “You have problems?”

Yukari felt her cheeks burning up as she nodded and tears came to her eyes.

“Don’t worry,” Lillie assured her. “I don’t think we are the only ones here with that problem, or no one would be here. You do know what kind of club this is, don’t you?”

Yukari nodded, for she had been there to this club at least two weeks before Lillie had come today.

“I promise, I don’t care,” Lillie confirmed that they could still try to be friends.

Yukari looked up at her, her mouth slowly spreading into a small grin.

“I do hope they hurry though,” Lillie said a little louder than she meant, and blushed some.

Yukari watched her dance around, now openly holding herself with her two hands, and one girl came out of the toilets as one of the waiting girls finally went it.

“There are onry two girls,” Yukari told Lillie trying to encourage her. “You can wait, can you?”

“Yeah,” Lillie gasped in little breaths trying to keep as much pressure on her muscles as she could muster. “I’m sure I can.”

Yukari waited there a bit longer, thinking about the conveniently empty boys’ room as Lillie dance foot to foot.

“You see, there is a toiret there,” she pointed into the boys’ room.

“I couldn’t possibly,” Lillie responded blushing.

Yukari shrugged and watched her friend struggling wondering what else they could do about it.

Yukari wasn’t sure, but it looked like her friend was losing the battle, and she thought that a little had started to wet in her panties.

Another girl can out, and the one ahead of them went into the bathroom, but by now, Lillie was squatting down, rubbing her growing and squeezing her legs so tight, Yukari thought she was in agony.

Yukari grabbed Lillie’s hand.

“Come me,” Yukari demanded.

Lillie looked at the closed girls’ door, and knew that even waiting there was pointless, but she wanted to fight leaving it so close to her salvation.

“Just come on,” Yukari pulled at her arm.

“Where… Where are we going,” Lillie said in little breaths.

“Somewhere private,” Yukari smiled.

Yukari led her away from the bathroom, as a little thin stream of pee slid down Lillie’s left leg and Yukari pulled her outside and behind the building. There, it was almost deserted, and Yukari had her go into a little cubby created by two large trash bins and the wall of the club.

Lillie, unable to stop it anymore, could only lift her skirt as the pee started to splatter out of her and through her panties smacking the ground in hard bombardment sprays. She peed for nearly a minute, while Yukari kept her back to the alley, and made it impossible for others to see what her friend was doing.

Lillie couldn’t stand to look at anyone, even Yukari, and she hid her crimson face in her sweaty hands, her head perspiring like crazy. She was beside herself with grief saying over and over again that she had done it.

Yukari just let her pee, not saying anything until she was done. When Lillie was finished peeing, she walked up to her, tapped her on the shoulder, and asked her.

“Would you like to come to my place to clean up before we go back?”

Lillie thought about it. Going home, would mean facing her parents and telling them she had wet in the alleyway when there was a bathroom right inside, not something she wanted to explain, and going back in like she was, was just too humiliating. She nodded through her hands.

Yukari took her friend’s hand, and they walked up to the small apartment.

The apartment was small and dingy. It had one bedroom that was rather small, a tiny kitchenette, and a living room. Mercifully, no one was home. Yukari took her friend to the bathroom, and told her to take off her clothes and pass them out to her.

Yukari waited for a few minutes, wondering why it took so long for Lillie to give her the clothes, but she said nothing until they were handed to her. You can wear my sweats and old sweatshirt until I come back with your clothes, Yukari told Lillie.

While Lillie took a short bath, and then dressed into the sweats, Yukari cleaned up her clothes along with the other laundry that she was supposed to do later that night. At least Jack wouldn’t be on her about doing her chores on time this time.

Yukari came back to find her friend relaxing on their brown, hole-infested, clumpy couch that she had to sleep on at night, some stains of hers spread on some of the cushions made Yukari blush deeply.

Yukari took Lillie to the bedroom, and she started folding the laundry, until she came to Lillie’s clothes, and she handed them back to her.

“Feel better?” Yukari asked smiling.

“Yeah,” Lillie had a brightened smile, but a hint of her earlier blush left in her cheeks. “Listen. Thanks a lot for helping me.”

“What friends for?” Yukari asked her face still lightly pink from the embarrassing events of the day as well.

Lillie shrugged. She liked Yukari.

These documents are just the cleaner and easier to read story of the above block of text.

Yukari Chapter one.pdf

Yukari Chapter one.doc

