Black Widow's Imprisonment

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2015-05-17 13:53

Per bashfulbeauty16's suggestion. This is the first scene that came to mind while watching the movie. Much shorter than I usually write, but I was a bit hesitant, as this is my first attempt at actual fanfiction, not using original characters. Spoilers, I suppose, though nothing too bad, I think? Still, if you're highly invested in keeping each plot point of the movie a surprise, maybe don't read :) Hope you like it!

###

While Ultron's army of robots buzzed about the citadel, creating who-knows-what, Natasha Romanoff sat in her cell, hunched over a makeshift telegraph, clicking out a message she could only hope Barton would find.

Being trapped in a Sokovian prison cell by a psychopathic, artificial-intelligence-gone-wrong-wielding superbot may have been a new experience for the Black Widow, but she never lost her faith in her best friend and their team. She knew that Hawkeye would be able to find her coded message and bring the Avengers. Still, New York was a long way from Eastern Europe, and her cell was lacking in numerous necessities. Most specifically, a toilet.

Natasha winced slightly as her bladder twinged. As a Black Widow, she'd of course been trained to ignore her bodies need, or put them off for far longer than most humans could handle. It came in handy during a fight, or an extended interrogation. Now, however, she wasn't fighting. She was just...stuck, for at least several more hours.

Satisfied that her improvised telegraph had worked, Natasha leaned back against the cell wall. She was crashing hard off the adrenaline high of the past few days. Her muscles ached, she was hungry, and she had to pee. In the stone and concrete room, she wasn't likely to find solace for her sore body, and she was certain Ultron had no intention of feeding her or letting her out to use the bathroom.

Sighing, she slid onto the floor, resting her head on her arm and twisting her lower body for a bit, trying to find a position that would allow her a few hours of sleep. Pangs from her lower abdomen signaled her bladder's fullness, but she studiously ignored them. There was nowhere to pee in the cell, and sleep was more important now, anyway.

###

Across the Atlantic Ocean, Clint Barton's eyes lit up as he was scanning through old spy channels. A series of familiar clicks told him that he'd found Natasha's message. Listening carefully, he wrote down the abbreviated information.

After a hectic few minutes, and the addition of several unexpected new team members, the Avengers were safely aboard the QuinJet. In the cockpit, Hawkeye clenched the controls fiercely, eager to find his friend.

In the back of the plane, Dr. Banner fidgeted nervously. Bruce knew that the rest of the team was gearing up for a final battle against Ultron; he just wanted to make sure Natasha was safe.

###

Hours later, Natasha woke up to the sound of clanging metal and chaos. Years of training allowed her to wake up quickly, instantly taking in her surroundings. The cold, stone walls of the Sokovian military complex, the thick, iron bars of the cell...

With a frustrating shock of awareness, Natasha felt a large patch of sticky, cool dampness around her thighs. A glance down showed her a rather sizable puddle on the stone floor - she'd wet herself in her sleep.

Before she could consider the matter any further, she heard a sound that was simultaneously welcome and unwelcome.

"Natasha!" Bruce called, frantically searching through the desolate halls of the Soviet-era citadel. "Natasha!!"

An unexpected wave of embarrassment crashed over Romanoff. Of course, Banner had to be the one to find her. The one team member who she wanted to see her as more than a colleague, more than a capable fighter. Clenching her jaw, she called out "In here!"

Bruce stumbled around the corner, carrying an almost comedically large gun. "Thank God!" he cried. "I'm gonna get you out. Here, I brought a key," he added with a bashful grin, indicating the weapon.

Natasha attempted a smile and pressed herself against the wall as Bruce shot out the lock. Dropping the gun, he shoved the gate open and rushed to Natasha's side as she pulled herself to her feet.

"Are you hurt?" Bruce asked, cupping her chin to look into her eyes. "We got here as fast as we could. Did he do anything to you?"

Natasha was stunned to feel tears welling up in her eyes. This was far from the worst scrape she'd gotten out of, yet she was somehow so grateful to see Banner. "I'm fine," she murmured, shaking her head slightly.

Banner's eyes swept down Romanoff's body, checking for blood and injury. With a start, he stopped on the puddle on the ground next to her. Slowly, he glanced upward, this time noticing the subtle streaks of wetness down the legs of her black catsuit.

Seeing Bruce recognize her accident, Natasha drew in a slightly shaky breath.

"Nat..." Banner whispered, his dark eyes full of concern.

Under any other circumstances, Natasha would have shaken it off. She would have made some sarcastic quip about the lack of amenities in the cell, or maybe snapped something about the greater importance of the mission.

But Banner was different. He knew what it was like when you did things out of your control. And she was exhausted and sore and entirely unsure of how they could possibly beat an army of robots, led by a self-aware intelligence program created by the two smartest men she knew.

Eyes glistening, Natasha met Bruce's anxious gaze. Objective, she'd been through much worse, but somehow, wetting herself felt like the last straw.

"I don't know if I want to do this anymore," she said, her voice trembling slightly.

Without a second through, Bruce wrapped his arms around the deadly assassin, hugging her tightly. "Then don't," he mumbled into her hair.

A single tear slid down Natasha's cheek as she let herself melt into Banner's protective embrace. "What choice do I have?"

With a steely determination rarely seen from the soft-spoken doctor, Bruce pulled back and stared intently at Natasha. "I mean it," he said sincerely. "I can't put myself around innocent people again, and you..." His gaze softened. "...you've done enough."

Natasha hesitated, still feeling the cold wetness of her accident on her legs. "You mean it?" she asked. "You'll come with me?"

Two days ago, Bruce never would have agreed. But now, seeing Romanoff in front of him, all he wanted to do was run away, taking her with him, making sure no one every hurt her again.

"Yes," he whispered.

And while the Avengers dashed about the city, evacuating the residents, Black Widow took Bruce Banner's hand, heading off for a quiet life of their own.

*002*2015-05-20 19:56

{{:

Omg this was adorable! :) thank you so so soooo much! I love it! And I especially loved how you worked it into the plot the movie had!

}}

I'm so glad you like it! You're so good at describing the emotions in your stories, so I'm especially flattered that you approve :)

