The Drug

Author: fullbladder

*000*2015-07-07 04:48

Hi wet friends! I'm back after a bit of a break. This is a bit of a lengthy story with a longer set-up so bear with me. As always, I welcome your feedback!

"Get rid of it. Now."

Shelly couldn't believe her ears. Six years at this laboratory, all with Tracy as her supervisor, and it had come to this. She finally had something and her boss was throwing out her prototype without even a demonstration. Yes, she had disobeyed strict orders to halt research and development of the "ViaHer" line- for over two years. But the drug worked! All her secret overtime hours had finally paid off and she had observed positive behaviour in mice. She opened her mouth to reply but couldn't utter a word.

Tracy snapped again. "Don't argue with me. You know exactly why the project was killed. Just get rid of your work now before others catch wind of this and get us into a whole lot of hot water."

Shelly sighed. She knew Tracy was right. This line of drug development had been exceptionally risky and had gone about as badly as possible. They had been trying to create something that created sexual excitement in women the way Viagara did for men. Many others had tried and failed in this area. Getting a woman's vaginal region wet enough for intercourse wasn't a problem. The tough part was creating the appropriate and complete physiological response in a female to prepare her for sex and orgasm. This involved stimulating mental activity to make her crave sex as much as men and reduce inhibitions.

After three years of tedious and costly research, they had come up with various forms of "roofie" drugs which heavily affected consciousness but nothing that made the female subjects noticeably hornier. The final straw had been the theft of drugs from the laboratory. An intern named Rueben had witnessed an experimentation session on some volunteers who had essentially blacked out after taking the drug. Later that very day, after the lab had emptied, he had broken into the locked cabinet and stolen everything. Even before Tracy called the police station the next morning to report the theft, Rueben had been arrested for roofie-ing a girl and attempting to rape her.

The security was ramped up at the lab immediately and the project terminated. Senior management had already been considering cutting the program anyway since there had been little progress. Shelly had been so emotionally invested in the project that she had secretly made copies of the research before the originals had been shredded. Once things cooled off, she started working on it again using a secluded storage room most of the time.

Despite Tracy's direct order, Shelly couldn't get herself to throw all her work away. She was frustrated with her career, working on inconsequential projects like allergy medication. ViaHer was the thing that had been keeping her going and now there was nothing. She was thirty-three, much too old to still be stuck in essentially the same position as her second year after graduation. This drug could be her ticket to wealth and a worry-free life! As a single, career-oriented woman, she deserved a break of some sort. All her friends had gotten married- some even had kids! Maybe she could start her own pharmaceutical company and find some sort of redemption for herself. But how? She had no form of support behind her with regards to ViaHer. Forget about funding- she didn't even have a way of testing the drug on humans!

The miserable thought gnawed at her all week and she felt ready to quit on Friday. She made up her mind that afternoon. She was going to try her luck and experiment with the drug- maybe a small dosage at first, about what she had been feeding the mice.

She was probably a good candidate for it anyway. She didn't have much of a sex drive and her list of ex-boyfriends was only a couple names long. She regularly went months without sex or masturbation. Perhaps her disinterest in sex had led to failure in relationships. She wasn't unattractive by any means. Men admired her tall, slender figure all the time. Her bright red shoulder-length hair was a highlight which separated her from other women. On the rare occasion she went out to a club, she stood out on the dance floor and found herself surrounded by interested males.

Shelly had never felt as nervous about walking through her front door as she did that day. She checked on her mice immediately and found no changes. All the females were pregnant. This was her third successful test group injected with the new drug and the female mice had been seeking sex at least twice a day. There had been some physiological changes but they could be easily explained by increased sexual activity. The mice were eating and drinking more, but not gaining weight. The higher calorie intake was offset by the energy spent during sex.

Hesitantly, she measured out the dosage given to the mice and consumed it with a glass of water. She sat down to watch a movie, trying to get her mind off what she was doing. She noticed that her mouth had run dry just ten minutes into the movie. She jotted the observation as a possible side effect into her notebook before grabbing two bottled waters from the fridge.

The movie ended without much excitement. She had to pee as a result of all the liquid intake, but there was no noticeable horniness. She went to bed disappointed, but promised herself she would increase the dosage and try again the next day.

After completing her weekend chores, Shelly finally sat down to measure out the drug for herself. She decided to try five times the amount she was giving to the mice. it seemed like a drastic increase from yesterday, but she had really felt nothing at all so a moderate increase would probably not do very much for her. Even this dosage was barely appropriate for a small child, using weight as a comparable metric from mice to humans.

Once again, Shelly's mouth ran dry and she started drinking water. However, there were much better results this time. After only ten minutes, her heartbeat increased and she felt a growing sexual excitement. She gently rubbed herself through her sweatpants as she watched Something about Mary. Five minutes later, she had grown hot enough to pull her pants off completely. She was grinding hard against her grey cotton panties while squeezing her breast with the other hand. She paused the movie and rushed to her bedroom. She frantically located her hardly-used vibrating dildo in the bottom drawer of her dresser and jumped on her bed. She climaxed in under a minute; it was easily the most intense orgasm of her life. She was shocked at her heavy breathing and sweating, uncontrollable horniness, and, most of all, the overwhelming pleasure she had just experienced. The drug had the potential to be incredible!

She reached down to pull up her panties but realized they were absolutely drenched. Her sex toy lay in a damp spot between her legs and her pussy continued to ooze feminine wetness onto her bed. She got up to clean up and change into new underwear. She staggered to the washroom and her legs trembled as she stood in front of the mirror. Her face was still flushed red. She reached for a comb and straightened out her messy red hair. She still felt incredibly horny and felt that she could easily go for another orgasm with little difficulty. However, she was craving something more now. She wanted to have sex with a man.

It was almost 4pm and it was a forty-five minute drive to the city. She could go to the bar and see if there was something interesting happening. If not, the clubs would be certainly be hopping on this summer Saturday night. She picked out her sexiest lingerie and threw on a dress. She looked in the mirror and immediately changed her mind. Her dress, and all others she owned for that matter, were too conservative. They all screamed out "nice mom" as opposed to "come fuck my brains out" attire all the young sluts wore nowadays.

Luckily, she did have a pair of decade-old jeans which would really show off her curves- if she could fit into them. She barely got them over her ass and zipped up. The denim was faded and stretched in places, but hadn't torn yet. The jeans were not only super comfortable but appeared sexier than any of her new purchases too. She ran her hand over her ass and smiled to herself. Guys always stared at her when she wore tight jeans. A tight black Guns N' Roses shirt covered by a beige leather jacket completed her sexy outfit and she eagerly rushed out the door to hit the town. She just resisted the urge to masturbate again as she walked out. She felt her mouth running dry again so she grabbed a water bottle for the road.

The slightly bumpy drive in her Ford Taurus almost made her cum behind the wheel. Her horniness somehow multiplied as time passed. She was sure she wouldn't be able to resist any sexual advance tonight, even if it came from a 70-year-old, 300 pound baldy.

As Shelly entered the outskirts of Jefferson, she realized she needed to pee. All the water she had drunk since taking the medication was flowing into her bladder. Her tight waistband was making things even more uncomfortable, digging into her midsection. She reached the city's largest and most popular pub five minutes later, squirming in her seat. She shut off the car and scrambled out. Standing up so suddenly almost made her squirt. She gasped and clutched her crotch as she locked up. She half-jogged in her heels to door and desperately scanned the premises for the washrooms.

Fortunately, the ladies room was a few metres away and she rushed into the first cubicle. She yanked her jeans and panties down and peed a hard stream into the toilet bowl. She had not needed to pee this badly for a long time. Even with all the water intake, it seemed as if her bladder had filled incredibly rapidly and completely. As she finished relieving herself, she made a mental note to monitor the diuretic effect of the drug. With her bladder emptied, Shelly's thoughts turned to sex once again and she began rubbing herself on the toilet. She enjoyed the sensation for about thirty seconds but the sound of the washroom door opening forced her to stop and pull her pants back up. It was ultimate torture to stop when she was so horny.

Shelly left the washroom to analyze her prospects. Most of the tables were occupied by couples or large groups of friends- not many single guys at all. That said, the bartender was a handsome young man (no ring), about five years her junior. It was as good a place to start as any. She found a seat near the middle of the counter and smiled seductively at him. He acknowledged her and walked over.

"You look like you're feeling better. What can I get you?" He asked confidently.

Shelly blushed, realizing he must have seen her pee-pee dance a few minutes earlier. She glanced at his name tag. "I'll have a vodka martini, Dan. How are you tonight?"

"Coming right up, miss. I'm doing alright- how are you?" He turned away to make her drink. Shelly decided to wait until he came back instead of yelling at him over the music and chatter of the pub.

A minute later, he placed the drink in front of her with a wide smile. She giggled and held out her hand. "I'm Shelly. I just drove in from Helensville."

"Long drive- guess that's why you went running straight to the ladies." He chuckled as he spoke and Shelly blushed again. All this talk about her personal matter was embarrassing her.

Luckily, Dan turned away to answer to a call from the other end of the bar. A trio of barely-legal college girls walked in and waved for attention as well. Shelly felt a twinge of jealousy. If only she could be as youthful and pretty as them again. Dan began flirting with them as he mixed together their orders. Shelly gulped down the rest of her drink- partly to secure his attention again when she had a chance and partly because she wanted to get a buzz on and forget about slutty young girls.

Dan looked over at her several minutes later and excused himself to serve her another drink. She quickly pushed conversation to try and retain his attention. "Thank you, Dan. Do you live around here?"

"Yeah, Me and my girl live just on the other side of the hill you drove over. Born and raised in Jefferson. I've been working here for two years."

Shelly immediately fell silent. He had a girlfriend! Dan seemed to sense her disappointment, but didn't walk away. Over the years he had learned how to handle interested patrons without compromising his happy long-term relationship.

"Hey, I gotta check up on the other end of the bar. I'll fix one on the house for you when I get back." He smiled at Shelly before turning away.

She forced herself to smile back, not wanting to look like a sore bitch. She chugged her drink again and looked around the bar hoping for eye contact, but there was nothing.

Dan returned with the drink as promised five minutes later. They continued their conversation for a few more minutes. Shelly felt bad for her attitude change a few minutes ago. He really seemed like a nice guy. It didn't surprise her that he refused to take advantage of all the female attention he got at the bar to cheat on his girlfriend.

Their chat was interrupted once again by the college girls wanting more drinks, but Dan had one more thing to say before he ran off.

"Hey, my older bro is coming down for a couple of beers in about ten minutes. I'd love to introduce you to him."

Shelly giggled and nodded in appreciation. "Sure Dan, I'd love that- thanks!"

She was already feeling tipsy, sipping away her fourth drink. She hoped Dan's brother was as handsome and pleasant. She felt excited- she needed sex today. It was a completely foreign sensation to her. Just the thought of being penetrated was driving her wild.

Dan's eyes lit up as the pub door opened again. He bolted over to the end of the bar to give his brother a high five. Shelly's pussy moistened just looking at him. He was about her age, with a tall, muscular frame. His jet black hair dangled down to his ears. His pearly white grin and hazelnut-brown eyes seemed capable of hypnotizing any woman he desired.

Shelly noticed the college girls shoot dirty looks towards her as Dan led him down the bar to the seat beside her. He introduced him to her as Mike then quickly wandered away to serve the drinks he had been in the middle of preparing.

Mike was as much a gentleman as he was a sight for sore eyes. He bought her drinks as they conversed for the next hour. Finally, he asked if she wanted to go dancing with him. Shelly immediately accepted the offer and he paid both tabs despite her protests. As Shelly dismounted from the bar stool, she realized that her bladder had filled again. There was now a line outside the ladies and she didn't want to make Mike wait. It was fine- she would go at the club.

Mike offered to drive and she happily accepted. She was way too drunk to drive anyway. The ride was only ten minutes long but Shelly's bladder seemed to fill up at an alarming rate. She was almost certain that the drug sped up her kidneys. Both times today, she had gone from empty to full in under ninety minutes! Shelly got out of the truck carefully; she didn't want to make the same mistake as earlier especially with Mike there.

There was a line-up of about ten people outside the club. Shelly hesitantly got in line trying not to think about how rapidly her bladder was filling. She danced lightly on the spot, trying to follow what Mike was saying. Conversation was becoming a real chore with her mind focussed on keeping her jeans dry. She wondered how long they would have to wait outside.

Mike seemed to sense her distanced attitude and reduced his own chatter. Finally he asked, "Is everything okay?"

Shelly bit her lip. "Yeah, I'm fine," she lied. They had been standing there for five minutes and the line hadn't moved. Her shifting was becoming more and more obvious. She really needed to GO! She could feel Mike eyeing her and wondered if he had guessed what was going on inside her body.

Her question was answered two minutes later when the bouncer let four guys in the front of the line past him. "I'm sure we will be let in amongst the next group. Just hang on a little longer."

Shelly burned red with humiliation. Mike knew she was on the verge of wetting herself! The benefit was that there was no need to hide her need anymore. She groaned softly and danced on the spot, squeezing her legs together and running her palms on her thighs, fighting the urge to grab her crotch.

She wanted to believe Mike, but there were still six people in front of them- a couple in front of the bouncer and another quartet of guys after that. Five minutes passed by uneventfully and Shelly was in danger of wetting her jeans in the lineup. She frantically grabbed her crotch and hopped about in little circles. The guys in front of her were openly sniggering at her shameful pee dance. Mike was genuinely concerned, offering whispers of encouragement every thirty seconds. He asked her if she wanted to find somewhere else to pee, but everything around seemed to be closed already. She didn't feel comfortable squatting in an alley with Mike around. Still, it was a better alternative to soaking her faded blue, skin-tight jeans.

Finally, Shelly could take no more. If she didn't get to a toilet soon, she would wet herself. She hobbled to the front of the line to plead with the bouncer. "P-please let me in. I really need to p-pee."

People in the line-up howled with laughter as she danced helplessly in front of the bouncer, begging to be let in. Even the bouncer's stern face broke into a massive grin. "I'll let you in with the next group, lady. Hang tight for a minute."

Shelly ignored the laughter around her as she made her way back to Mike with tears running down her face. She doubted she could even last another minute. Her pee was pushing against on her vagina. Wave after wave of desperation was being fought off by sheer will and her fingers pressing on her womanhood.

To Shelly's surprise, the bouncer kept his promise. He moved aside to let the couple at the front through but halted the guys. He then gestured at her and Mike to come forward and enter the club. Naturally, the guys protested but the bouncer would have none of it.

"I don't need a piss puddle out here in front- sorry boys." Shelly's face burned beet red as she walked in, seeking the toilet. She nearly screamed in despair as she saw a huge cue for the ladies room, but Mike quickly cupped one of his giant hands over her mouth. He stealthy guided her past the line to the gents room and pushed her in. A couple of guys at the sinks looked at the them in surprise, but then diverted their attention away in understanding. This poor lady was about to have a very embarrassing accident. Her boyfriend was just doing her a harmless little favour.

The second cubicle was open. Shelly felt herself squirt as the toilet came into view. She gripped harder trying not to lose complete control. She could feel the hot wetness dampen the crotch of her panties. She came to the realization that there was no way to undo her jeans without releasing her grip. Behind her, Mike had shut the cubicle door and was watching her struggle on the spot as she helplessly eyed the toilet. "Want me to help you get your pants off?" he asked.

Shelly couldn't speak; she turned to face him as she cried. He knelt over and gently parted her wrists so he could access the button at her waist. The pressure being exerted on her pussy subsided ever so gently but it was enough to cause a second squirt. Shelly's eyes widened in horror as the crotch region of her jeans darkened in front of Mike's eyes. He seemed to realize the complete implications of what was happening and he forgot all about being a gentleman. He hastily pushed his fingers between Shelly's hands and tried to pull the zipper down. Acting quickly was her only shot at peeing into the toilet and not in her jeans.

The zipper got stuck and that was the final straw. Shelly's bladder pulsed hard inside her and she could deny it no longer. A perfectly divided stream flowed down her legs, wetting the insides and rear areas of her jeans. Mike froze in place and watched the surreal spectacle, unsure about what to do. Shelly's pee was pooling on the floor at her feet and, as a final surrender, she collapsed back onto the toilet seat and continued peeing full force through the denim cloth. A mixture of relief and humiliation over came her as she listened to her stream hitting the water below. She started crying full-on and covered her face with her wet hands. She couldn't even look at Mike- she was wetting herself like a little girl in front of him.

As her bladder finished emptying and her stream slowed to a trickle, Shelly realized how much trouble she was in. She was sitting drunk in the men's room with soaked jeans, accompanied by a man she had just met. There was no way to get out of here without being seen and she had no car to drive home in. She was completely screwed. It was a fate worse than death.

Mike came up and hugged her. She felt half an urge to push him away but it felt good to be held just the same. She was so embarrassed. This hunk had just seen her wet herself. A grown woman who had gone out for a few drinks had pissed her jeans! She cried even harder in his embrace.

"Please stop crying, babe. It's okay..."

She somehow reduced her howling down to a sob again. "W-what did I... What am I going to do?"

"Relax- it's not a huge deal. Don't worry." He somehow had a soothing effect on her, despite the horrible situation. Also being so close to him and smelling him, feeling his muscular body against hers- it was making her horny all over again. She felt an intense desire to pleasure him, even in her vulnerable state.

"D-do you think you could..." she hesitated, not knowing how to phrase her thoughts.

"Yes, of course," he interjected, "I'll drive you back to your car right away... or straight to your place if you prefer."

Shelly felt an incredible sense of gratitude towards him and she could hold back no longer. If he was disgusted by her, he would stop her. However, she was far too horny not to try. The warm wetness engulfing her ass and crotch was turning her on, not to mention the immense relief of finally letting go. Peeing her pants had somehow felt like a heavenly experience in itself.

She undid his fly and reached in to pull out his penis. It was semi-erect already. She rubbed the head a few times to get it harder still before lowering her mouth onto it. She felt Mike's hand rest on the back of her skull and guide her motions- back and forth. He came in under two minutes and she dutifully swallowed his massive load.

Mike looked down at her for a long moment. This time, she wasn't afraid to maintain eye contact. "Wow, thanks babe- that was amazing!"

Shelly still didn't know what to say. She could hardly believed she had just done that after wetting her pants.

Mike spoke again. "Let's get you out of here." They both zipped up and left the club, ignoring the stares of disbelief and howls of laughter. Mike drove her back to his place where she had the best sex of her life. The drug was, without a doubt, a huge success.

