Daniel and Amy - Page 40

Author: Barry

*979*2019-08-03 06:39

Chapter 48.

Wednesday. In town.

Sue was at work, when her phone rang. She was surprised to see it was her husband calling! Being away onsite, he rarely had the chance to call until he got back to his cabin in the evening.

“Hi honey! How are you? Everything okay?”

“Hi Suzie-Q” he replied, using a pet nickname for her. “Don’t panic. Everything is fine. Better than fine actually. We’re going to be wrapping up this week. I’ll be home next Monday!”

“Ah Pete, that’s wonderful,” she gushed. “A whole week early, and before Danny goes on holidays! He’ll be wrapped!”

“Yep! And I still get paid for next week too. I love good contracts! We finished way ahead of schedule. But don’t tell him. I want it to be a surprise. Can’t wait to see you guys. I’m so sick of twelve hour days, desert heat, and bloody red dirt! How’s you and the boy going? I miss youse.”

“We’re good. Danny’s at camp, remember? I’m knocking off early to pick him up today. They should be getting on the bus anytime now.”

“How’s my little bloke going? I really didn’t think you’d get him to go you know? Poor little bugger. Hope it went ok for him.”

“Your ‘Poor Little Bugger,’ has been a right royal pain in the ass lately Peter,” she informed him.

“Oh? Why? What’s wrong?”

Sue sighed. She wasn’t going to mention Danny’s smoking, and she didn’t want to sound like she was complaining too much, as her husband always felt guilty about his prolonged absences, and she didn’t want him to feel any worse.

“Nothing really I suppose. He’s just becoming a moody teenager I guess. I suppose it’s something they all go through. I’m sure he’ll be a lot better when his daddy gets back. He always cheers up when you’re home. At least until your next swing starts again. Is the new contract still on?”

Pete cleared his throat. “Wellllllll, not exactly babe. It looks like it’s fallen through. They’re going to contract it out to overseas workers, again.”

“Assholes,” she muttered. “This’ll be the third time. Then you’ll get called in to fix all their screw ups later.”

“You know it,” he replied with a chuckle. “That’s when my price goes up.”

She laughed with him. “So what’s next? Got anything lined up?”

“Well, sort of,” he said slowly. “I was actually thinking of taking some time off. Spend more time with you and Danny. Maybe a couple of months....”

“Oh Pete, that would be wonderful, but can we afford it? I know there’s money in the bank, but part of that’s Dans University fund, plus his school fees are due, he’s going to want a car in a few years, plus there’s the mortgage, and the....”

Pete chuckled. “Stop right there. I know all this. But, what if I told you I might have something else lined up closer to home. Less money of course, but only a days drive. Also, cash money, no taxes, with a few other perks as well?”

“I’d say it sounds wonderful sweetie. Doing what?”

“Same gig. Electrical. You remember Mario? Mario Costanza?”

“Yeah. What about him?”

“Well apparently Mario’s bought an, um, lets just say an investment property. Needs a lot of work. He wants me to get a full crew to help him. Not just us, but brickies, plumbers, landscapers, the whole works. Not a huge job, but big enough. Perhaps a week, ten days. Plus it’s during kiddos holidays! I can run the site. It’s got a few added benefits as well. Do you fancy a trip up north in the warmth during Danny’s break? I know you’re taking time off anyway, I can put you to work too. Pay you through the books. I’ll need a few ladies. Maybe Sonia might be interested? She was going to take a break over little Amy’s holidays...”

A trip up north in the warmth sounded brilliant to Sue! “Go ahead, I’m listening.....”

—————————————-

Nikki clapped her hands with glee, bouncing on the balls of her feet.

“OhmyGod Ames! You’re right! He’s adorable!” She was cuddling her friends new Danny Doll.

Amy had felt a bit weird, bringing her new stuffie to school, but she had really wanted to show her best friend.

“It looks just like him,” Nikki added.

“Toldya, didn’t I?” Amy replied, taking her little Danny back and stuffing him into her backpack, leaving his head sticking out, (so he could see of course!) “Come on, I want to go to the girls room before class start.”

Once inside, the giggling girls disappeared into two separate cubicles, where Amy removed her bloomers and big pull up diaper, peed, and pulled her still dry special pants back up again in no time. She was washing her hands, when Nikki called out softly, “Ames? Are you still there?”

“Sure am Nik? Whatcha doing in there? Did you fall in?”

The door of her cubicle opened, and Nikki stuck her head out, looking left and right, mouthing the words, “Is anybody in here?”

“Nope. Just us, what’s wrong?”

“Um, I’m sorry to ask, but have you got any of that, um, you know, ah, nappy rash cream in your bag?”

“Sure do! Why? Are you getting a bit sore?”

Nikki blushed. “Ummm, yeah. I think I kinda went a bit too far yesterday, on my walk home. I’m a bit sore today.”

Amy grinned as she put her bag on the bench, and started rummaging through the side pockets, where she kept her secret supplies.

“Ha! I KNEW you’d pee in that didee before you got home! I just knew you wouldn’t be able to resist!”

Still blushing, Nikki couldn’t help but grin. “Not exactly Ames, but you’re kinda half right. I told myself if I made it home dry, I’d keep it, and wear it to bed. But I had an accident on the bus. A real one! While I was sitting next to Taylor.....”

Amy shrieked with laughter. “What? A real accident? Not a pre-emptive strike?”

“A REAL accident,” the smaller girl replied, with a certain amount of pride. “I almost totally peed myself on the bus! Plus I leaked. I had to sit my bag on my lap and everything, plus my dress got a bit wet on my bum.”

“Ah! There it is,” Amy replied, finally retrieving the tube of rash cream. “Honestly Nik, you’re unbelievable! But I guess that’s why I love ya.”

She had meant that in a nice, wholesome, friendly way, and didn’t notice how Nikki smiled, and blushed even deeper. “Here you go mate.”

Nikki took the tube, and let the door swing shut, but didn’t lock it. A minute passed, and she still didn’t come out. “Come on Nik! The bells gonna go in a minute!”

She heard a mutter of frustration from within. “Ames? Can you come and help me please?”

Amy swung the door open, and saw her friend standing there, with her little girls dress uniform pulled up over her stomach, wearing a very wet pair of bright pink panties underneath, with her bloomers, which she was apparently wearing for a change, puddled around her ankles.

“NIKKI!” She whispered loudly. “What’re you doing?”

“I can’t hold my dress up, and put the cream on at the same time,” Nikki explained innocently. “Can you help me? Quick? Before the bell goes or anyone comes in?”

Amy looked around, making sure the coast was clear. She certainly didn’t want to be seen sharing a cubicle with Nikki, or indeed anyone, and she didn’t want to leave her bag unattended on the bench, especially since Little Danny was watching her! She grabbed the open tube of cream from her friend, anxious to get out quickly.

“Why are you so wet Nik? When did you do that?”

“Just now. I sat on the toilet and wet my knickers,” the girl replied casually, as if it was the most natural thing in the world. “‘Cause I wore my bloomers today, I can’t like do a sneaky piddle on the grass or anything, so I figured I’d just go in the potty instead!”

“Unbelievable,” Amy muttered again, unable to repress a smirk. “They’re, uh, a bit baggy now mate. Can you maybe blot them a bit, and pull them up nice and tight?”

Nikki took a big wad of toilet paper, and pressed it tightly into her saturated panties, then pulled them up tight against her sex, giving herself a camel toe, and exposing a little bit of pubic hair at the sides.

Amy bent over again, and examined her friends inner thighs.

“Ouch Nik. That looks very sore. You’re kinda all red and itchy looking.” She squeezed some cream onto her fingers, and started rubbing it in, just below the soaked elastic of her friends knickers. A couple of times her knuckles brushed gently against the wet camel toe, and Nikki shivered, as a tingling sensation surged from her tummy and up her spine. As Amy rubbed the cream in gently, with a slow, circular motion, Nikki closed her eyes and sighed quietly.

“How long did you leave the wet didee on? Must’ve been like for hours?”

Nikki seemed abashed. “Um, not really. I actually took it off as soon as I got home. But, ah, it was kinda like more than wet....”

Amy looked up, a bit confused. “What do you mean? Like how.....OOOOOHHHHHH,” she mumbled, as the light bulb in her head went off. “Oh Nik! You didn’t, did you?”

As Amy got up, her friend looked away. “I’m sorry Ames. Don’t be mad at me? It’s bad enough that Troy caught me!”

Amy started washing her hands, but she paused. “Whaaat?! Your brother caught you?! What did he say? And by the way, I’m not mad, you idiot. You can do whatever you like. But it certainly explains why your rash flared up! Yucky diapers always cause that, even if they’re not on for long.”

She was watching her friend in the reflection in the mirror as she spoke.

“I’ll tell you about Troy later,” she said. He didn’t find my diaper, but he was pretty pissed at me.”

Nikki had dropped her dress back down, and was shuffling her feet uncomfortably, rubbing her thighs together.

“Those wet panties aren’t gonna help you know? Do you have spares?”

“Nuh-uh, I don’t usually bring spares. I don’t care if they’re wet. Usually....”

“You really are a twit Nikki. You know that?” Amy said with a grin, but not unkindly. “Lemme see if I’ve got any. I don’t usually carry panties, ‘cause I don’t wear them, but mum has been known to put them in my bag before, just in case.”

She rummaged around in her bag again, this time in another compartment, and pulled something out with a grin.

“Yay! Success! Put these on mate,” and she passed a pair of black cotton panties over.

“They’ll be too big for me,” Nikki said, looking sad.

“Don’t worry, I can fix that,” and she pulled out some safety pins.

“A 24/7 nappy wearer always carry’s pins, mate. Never know when a tape is gonna fail! Now quick! Get those pissy knickers off, and I’ll help you, before the bloody bell goes.”

With her usual lack of modesty, Nikki simply dragged her shoes off, kicked her bloomers into the air with a socked foot, caught them, hung them from the door, then simply slid her pissy pink panties off, and stepped out of them. Amy threw her the black cotton panties from her bag, and her friend caught them.

Looking Amy in the eye, she put them up to her nose, and inhaled deeply, drawing the scent into her lungs.

“Mmmmm. These smell nice and fresh,” she said with a grin, leaving Amy looking flummoxed, as she slid her socked feet into them, and pulled them up. Somehow, she managed to pull her dress up high first, giving Amy a full on view of her private area before the borrowed panties covered it.

Amy chose not to say anything. Instead, she gave another quick visual check of the bathroom, then squatted down in front of her friend, safety pins in her mouth, just like her own mummy had done with her in the change rooms yesterday.

Her voice was muffled a bit as she tried to talk around the pins.

Hol’ ya blu-yee ‘ress up Nik,” But Nikki understood, and held her dress up as high as she could.

Amy’s underpants were at least three sizes to big for the smaller girl, and she tried to gather them on the sides, and pin them tighter. She eventually had to cup Nikki’s crotch, to stop them from falling down, just as her mummy had done for her while she had pinned her own diaper up. The crotch of Nikki’s/her panties felt a little bit moist already, especially around her secret opening, but Amy guessed that was probably only a little bit of pee residue, although she felt a bit the same inside her own didee.

“Hold still,” she muttered, as she put a pin in the other side.

“Not too tight,” Nikki warned. “I’ll have to take them off to pee you know!”

Amy laughed. “Don’t bullshit me Nikki. You being you, these will be drenched by the time you go home! There! Done! Probably not as tight as they should be, but your bloomers will hold them up. C’mon, the bells about to go.”

“Thanks Amy,” she replied, before kissing the older girl delicately on the nose when she stood up, surprising her.

The sound of approaching girls alerted them that the bathroom was about to become busy, so Amy hurried over to the sink, and started adjusting her hair, while Nikki stuffed her pissy panties deep inside her backpack, before putting her shoes on, and joining the older girl at the sink.

As they left the quickly filling girls room, she asked “Where on earth did you learn that?”

Amy giggled. “I didn’t tell you everything about my shopping trip with mum yet....”

They held hands, and walked out the door, just as the first bell sounded.

*982*2019-08-04 10:28

One chapter in, and I already made a screw up, lol. One minute Dan was in the top bunk, the next Ali was above him. . Silly little stuff like that bugs me! Must stop proof reading when I’m drunk!

Also, I suddenly needed a surname for Robbie, and on the spot, without thinking, chose Williams.

So now Robbie Williams is in my story.

Chapter 49.

The boys sat in their usual spot, befitting their unspoken social status, not in the back row, but nearly, although no doubt Matt could’ve easily sat there without a word being said, if he wanted too. Aiden sat silently in the window seat, with Dan beside him, Scott and Matthew sat in front of them, and Ali sat in the aisle seat opposite Dan, with Toby having the window seat beside him. Robbie had been directed onto another bus by Mr Davies.

As the busses pulled away, Matt swivelled around, “How are you going Aids? You ok buddy?”

Aidens eyes were red and puffy, and his cheeks were flushed, and still stained with dried tears.

“I’m ok,” he mumbled. “Thanks for sticking up for me Matt. I ‘preciate it.”

“Don’t worry about it, Shrimp. If he gives you any trouble, you come see one of us, we’ll look after ya,” then he turned around to talk to Scott again, while Aiden turned silently towards the window.

At first, virtually every boy was using their phones, now that reception had resumed, and they were all anxiously updating their social media, and secretly, most of them were texting their parents, telling them how much they missed them. Dan was one of them, although his mum didn’t reply, as she was probably busy at work. But she had already sent a couple of messages saying how much she missed her “Little Soldier,” and for that, he was very grateful. Amy had of course left him some lovely messages as well, but she was still in class, and didn’t have her phone with her. So he busied himself for awhile by updating Facebook, Instagram, and Snapchat, until he ran out of stuff to say or do. After all, nearly all of his social media friends were now sitting within five feet of him!

Ali was talking with Toby, while Scott and Matt were deep in discussion, and Dan sat there feeling kind of useless. Determined not to spend the three hour trip in silence, he attempted to engage the smaller boy in conversation.

“So how are you Shorty? Really? You ok?” He said in a whispered voice.

Aiden turned to look at his friend, and his eyes were glistening with unshed tears, but he managed a nod. “I’m ok. I guess,” then he sighed, and turned away again.

Dan felt so sorry for the boy, he felt he had to do or say something.

“You know something Shrimp? If it makes a difference, I think you did the right thing, leaving the pull up on and everything. It was much smarter than trying to get rid of it or anything. It was a great idea. You woulda got away with it, if that dickhead hadn’t a gone and pantsed you. It was just unlucky.”

Aiden sniffed, and wiped his nose on his sleeve. “Thanks Dan. But you don’t have to be nice. It was pretty dumb. I shoulda just ripped it off, and stuffed it in my bag. I just didn’t want anyone to see me holding it, ‘specially after peeing the bed the night before. I kinda got off that pretty good. Got stirred a bit, but not too bad. But I thought if they caught me holding nappy pants, it would all start again. I didn’t want my mum to find it either, if she unpacked my bag. But I kinda fu.. screwed it up I guess. Now everyone knows I was wearing it. I’m not gonna ever live that down.” He let out a mirthless chuckle. “How about it? Not only am I in grade eight, and like so much smaller than everyone else, but now I’m the tiny little grade eight kid who wets the bed and wears nappies! Nobody in grade eight wears those, ‘cept maybe at night,” he hastily added, suddenly remembering that it was Dan who had given it to him in the first place.

He lowered his voice to a very quiet whisper. “I guess I probably deserve to wear them. I kinda got so upset, and I was crying so hard, I sort of had an accident. I wetted myself a bit as well. Suppose it was a good thing I had it on.” He uttered a mirthless laugh. “Guess I am just a dumb little baby after all.”

Dans ears pricked up. “Does that happen often Aids?”

“Sometimes. Not often. If I get really upset or excited it can happen, like I might pee just a little bit. But not often,” he hastily repeated, glowing red.

Dan looked sideways at Ali, who was deep in conversation with Toby, then nudged Aiden in the ribs, making him look. Dan pulled the waistband of his shorts down a few inches, exposing the top of the adult pull up he was wearing underneath, and Aiden gasped.

“Don’t say nothin,” Dan warned him. “I toldya yesterday that we could talk later, and we will. But not here and now, ok?”

Aidens mouth hung open, with lots of questions running through his brain, but he only nodded, looking stunned.

“It’s not the end of the world,” Dan told him. “Just be thankful you don’t haveta wear them all day, every day.”

“Wow,” the smaller boy exhaled. “Will we really talk later, like properly?”

Dan nodded, but found it hard to make eye contact, wondering again whether or not he’d done the right thing. It seemed to be a repeat of the internal struggle he’d gone through before explaining his situation to his friends only weeks ago. If he kept telling people at this rate, he may as well take out a billboard beside the freeway with his picture on it, and the words “Diaper Wearer” emblazoned in ten foot high fluorescent letters underneath. But the poor kid just looked so lost and lonely, he felt that he had to do or say something.

“Like Matty said. Anyone, including Robbie, gives you a hard time, you come and see us, ok? We’ll try and stop it.”

Aiden had been heartened when Matt had said the same thing before, but thought it might’ve just been a nice, but hollow gesture. But now he’d seen what Danny had under his shorts, he started to feel a bit of hope again. He knew how close the four boys were, and if Danny could wear a nappy around them, then they must know! Maybe, just maybe, they wouldn’t be big meanies towards him like every other kid probably would from now on. He resolved to chat privately to Dan as soon as he possibly could.

After that, he seemed to cheer up a bit, and he and Dan started talking, mostly about stuff like school and tv shows, and gradually, Scott, Matt, Ali, and Toby joined in, and nobody said anything bad to him at all.

Dan did his best to stay chatty, but he really didn’t feel 100%. His stomach was aching, and he had a slight headache. He drank some water, but not too much of course, and tried to get himself comfortable. He was starting to feel like he needed to crap again, although he’d already done that twice today. Even worse, he was beginning to feel a touch queasy. He looked across at Ali, who was shifting uncomfortably in his seat, rubbing his stomach.

“You ok, Ali?”

“Dunno mate. I just don’t feel that great. Probably just last night I guess.”

Toby piped up. “You guys too? I’m the same. Feel a bit queasy.”

Not long after, Father Ryan stood up, and addressed the boys over the busses P.A. system.

“Gentlemen. BOYS! Thank you. In about fifteen minutes, we’ll stop at the rest stop we visited on the way down. I want everyone to get out, stretch, and use the facilities. As before, no wandering around, no misbehaving, and please be quick and orderly. Thank you.”

“Thank God,” Ali said. “I think I needa crap again.”

“Me too,” said Toby.

“Same,” Dan replied.

Normal conversation resumed, although the boys shifted uncomfortably in their seats. But only minutes later, there was a commotion at the front of the bus. A boy named Oliver, or Ollie as they all called him, suddenly vomited, and the teachers hastily rushed to provide him with a paper bag. Whether it was the smell or the sound, but within minutes, another couple of boys joined in. Windows were hastily opened, and the next few minutes before the busses pulled in seemed to stretch out forever.

The teachers had a hastily convened conversation at the front of the bus.

“Food poisoning?” Mr. Davies suggested.

Father Ryan disagreed. “Something like this happens every year. Kids seem to share germs like bad jokes at a dad convention,” and the other teachers and parent helpers laughed. “I’ll bet it’s a stomach bug of some sort.”

He pulled out his phone, and rang a teacher from each of the other busses. Apparently each bus had at least one or two boys who were either feeling ill, or actually being sick.

“If it’s not the food, it’s a bug,” the elderly priest explained gravely. “This might be an unpleasant trip back.” He got back on the microphone again.

“Boys, listen up. This is important. It seems like a lot of students aren’t feeling well, not just us, but the other busses as well.”

This of course elicited a lot of urgent whispering between the children, which took the priest a few moments to stop.

“I think we are going to have to break with protocol today. When we stop, I want the boys who need to urinate, (which of course sent a wave of giggling throughout the bus. After all, he did say urinate!) to go around the back of the toilet block, and relieve yourselves in the trees and bushes. Those who feel ill, like Ollie, are to have first access to the bathroom. If you feel the need to, ahh, ‘sit’ on the toilet, make an orderly line, and wait your turn. Remember, there are a lot of boys feeling ill. We will unlock the luggage compartments should any boy require access to their bags. Thank you.”

The chatter started immediately. Why would anyone need their bags? Perhaps in case they had thrown up on themselves, like Ollie had? That had to be the reason.

Suddenly, another boy started dry reaching, just as the bus pulled into the rest stop.

It couldn’t come quick enough for the teachers.

*985*2019-08-05 11:11

Warning. Mild, non descriptive messing contact here.

Chapter 50.

The convoy of busses pulled up nose to tail at the highway rest stop, parking in front of the toilet/shower block, providing some screening for the children who were to “go” in the bushes behind the building. Everyone was told to remain seated, until the kids who were unwell disembarked. On Dans bus, this included Ollie, and at least six others. Dan and his friends watched in horrified fascination, as over 20 boys from the other busses poured out, all in various stages of distress, even crying in some cases, some with vomit on their clothes, and they were quickly ushered towards the toilets by the grownups. Someone checked the ladies room as well, finding it vacant, so that too was commandeered, along with the disabled one.

“Hey Aids, look here,” Toby said, pointing out the window, making the boy stand and crane his neck to see out the opposite window.

There was Robbie, looking very forlorn, with vomit all over his jumper, but that wasn’t the worst.

His khaki shorts had a wet, brown stain across the seat, clearly showing that he’d messed himself as well. He may have not been the only one either, as another couple of boys stood around crying uncontrollably too, waiting for their bags to be unlocked from under the bus.

“You should totally tell him he needs a diaper,” Ali said with a grin, and Aiden actually chuckled.

“Looks like Tyson’s had an accident too,” Toby said, shifting uncomfortably in his seat. “Ugh. God. I’m gonna have one as well...” and he pushed past Ali, and almost ran in his haste to get off the bus.

Matt turned in his seat. “Just leave it Shrimp. Don’t say nothing to him. It’ll only make things worse. If the guys are sick, they can’t help it. Stuff like that can happen to anyone if they’re not well.”

Him and Dan shared a brief but knowing look, remembering Matt’s own messy accident of a couple of days ago, that Dan had helped him get away with.

“Don’t worry Matt. I’d never say nothing about anyone needing diapers or having an accident,” Aiden replied quietly, hoping Dan would realise that he was included in that as well.

Once the sick kids were safely out of the way, the rest of the boys filed off, with the majority heading for the sanctuary of the bushes. Aiden looked questioningly at Dan, who shook his head, indicating that he and Ali were going to line up and use the toilet for more pressing needs.

“Definitely some sort of Gastro,” Father Ryan informed the other adults. I’ll ring the school, get them to send out an urgent email and messages to the parents.

Mr Davies stood to one side, looking after a group of boys, including Robbie, who had soiled themselves. One boy was particularly distraught, and the teacher was trying his best to calm him down. The boys shirt was covered with vomit, and his grey sweatpants were brown on his backside, and sticking to him.

The teacher gritted his teeth with frustration, as he saw Matt sidle up to a very upset Robbie, but he couldn’t do anything about it. He looked around at the other adults, hoping that one of them might be aware that World War 3 was about to erupt, but they were all busy trying to herd boys either into the toilets, or into the bushes. All he could do was watch and wait.

“Rob” Matt said as he approached, “you okay man?”

Robbie was like Matt. He never cried, but at this time, he looked as though he might at any moment.

“Go on Jackson. Have your little laugh. Very fucking funny, isn’t it?”

“Nobody’s laughing mate. I just wanted to make sure you’re okay. Are ya?”

Robbie let out a watery sigh. “Really? I feel like shit, literally.”

Him and Matt looked at each other, realising how ludicrous that actually sounded, since he was standing there with watery crap in his pants, and they smiled at each other, and even giggled a little bit.

“Don’t worry about it mate. Nobody’s gonna think anything bad ‘boutcha, you’re not the only one.”

In his mind, he kept replaying his own walk of shame from two days ago, and how bad it had made him feel.

“Here, gimme your drink bottle. I’ll go fill it up for you. You gotta drink a lot of water when you’re sick, my mum always says that.”

Robbie looked stunned, and wordlessly passed his empty drink bottle to the second biggest kid in year eight, who went and filled it up at a nearby water fountain, before returning it.

“Thanks Jackson,” he said softly, offering his fist to be bumped. “You’re alright, you know?”

Matt merely smiled and walked away.

Mr Davies saw the entire exchange, and smiled broadly to himself. An idea was forming. He would have a good talk with both boys together, when school started again.

Dan lined up for the boys room, and Ali at the ladies, as the boys disappeared one by one into the cubicles. A red faced Toby appeared, carrying a scrunched up pair of underpants, which he threw into the bin, which already had another pair in there already.

“I shit meself a bit,” he mumbled, to no one in particular, as he started to wash his hands.

This would’ve usually resulted in some intense teasing of course, but to the boys in the line, it wasn’t a laughing matter. A couple of them even patted him on the back as he walked out, trying to offer their support.

Dan finally got into a cubicle, where he wasted no time in pulling his shorts and last pull up down, and his bowels gurgled in anticipation. What evacuated from him was closer in consistency to water, rather than solid, and he breathed a sigh of relief as his bladder started emptying all by itself, with no prompting from him at all.

It was only then, that he held his nappy open with trembling hands, and inspected the inside of it. He sighed with relief, not only was it clean, but still dry as well, although he was more relieved about it not being dirty than wet. After all, he was now used to dealing or putting up with a wet diaper.

The smell inside the toilets was bad, and he knew there were a lot of desperate boys waiting, so he was as quick as he could possibly be, although he made sure to push as hard as he could, to eliminate as much waste as possible from both his bladder and bowels. Once he’d finished, he washed his hands thoroughly, and walked outside on shaky legs.

“Didja make it?” A sweaty looking Ali asked, when Dan sidled up to his mates. Dan nodded, and Ali added, “Me too. Just.”

Obviously all the talk was about who was sick, and who wasn’t, as well as speculation about how many boys had messed themselves. It wasn’t hard to work out though, as at least six kids, including Toby and Robbie, were now headed towards the shower block, carrying their bags.

Eventually, order was restored. The kids who had been sick on themselves got to change their shirts or jumpers as necessary, and the lines for the toilets dwindled out.

Father Ryan addressed the boys, stressing that those students who had been unfortunate enough to now require a shower, were not to be teased or made fun of. The boys that were waiting, did not have to immediately get back on the busses, unless they wanted to. They could just hang around outside, should anyone feel the need to use the toilets again. Over the next fifteen minutes, quite a few of them did just that, including Dan, although he only peed. It was more of a safety precaution than an actual need. They were also told to keep hydrated, as a gastro attack like this could dehydrate a sick kid very quickly, so all water bottles were refilled, with a stern warning not to share them around.

Phone calls were made to the school, telling them to send out more messages, advising the parents that they now wouldn’t be back until nearly four o’clock, after the unexpected delay.

Most of the kids rang their parents, including Dan, although Sue didn’t answer, which wasn’t unusual during work hours. She could be driving, or in Court.

He sent her a long text message, explaining the situation, and explained that although he had an upset stomach, he was feeling a lot better now.

Whilst Robbie showered, his cheeks burned with embarrassment. It was so hard to believe that something like this could happen to him! He wondered how much flak he’d cop from the other kids over this, although he guessed it wouldn’t be much, because so many of them were scared of him.

Except Matt.

He thought back to how nice Matt had been to him, and he realised that he probably hadn’t deserved it, especially after the Aiden incident.

Now Robbie was never going to be a candidate for Mensa, but he was smart enough to work things out in his own way and time, and he thought that now, he could probably understand how badly Little Aiden had felt after being pantsed. The irony was, although the Shrimp had been the one in the pull up, it was Robbie himself that had suffered a potty mishap in his pants. He hadn’t really understood what karma was before, but now he thought he might have a better idea.

After he was freshly dressed, although in already dirty clothes from before, with his shorts and undies joining a growing pile in the bin, he shouldered his bag, took a deep breath, and headed out to join the other boys, steeling himself for the jibes that he thought might be coming his way. Whatever happened, he knew he couldn’t react to it, as he’d already received a lunchtime detention from Mr Gibbs after the incident at breakfast, and he certainly couldn’t risk another suspension. If that happened, his old man would beat him, literally. His dad was pretty free with his fists, especially when he was drinking, which seemed to be most of the time lately. His mum wouldn’t be any help either, as she was already nursing a fat lip that his dad had given her the night before he’d left for camp. Apparently his dads dinner had gone cold by the time he had staggered in from the pub, late. All in all, he really wasn’t looking forward to going home, unlike the 89 other boys on the trip.

As he left the shower block, he was aware of a few kids nudging their mates, and slyly pointing at him, and he heard some whispered giggles, but he kept his head high, and ignored them, and made a beeline straight for where Dan, Scott, Ali, Matt, and Aiden were standing, swapping war stories about what was happening, while they waited for Toby to finish his unexpected shower. Dan was sharing a joke with Matt, something about re-heated, day-old Mexican pizza, that had his friend laughing, while the other three looked on, bemused.

Aiden saw Robbie coming, and unconsciously took half a step behind Matt, who looked up, and saw the big boy approaching. He had been leaning on the bus, but he pushed off, and stood up straight, balancing himself naturally on the balls of his feet. Robbie noticed this, and tried his best to smile, and made a placating gesture with his free hand, not letting go of his bag with the other one.

Meanwhile, Mr Gibbs had seen his advance too, and nudged Mr Davies, as he prepared to intervene before any trouble started, but Mr Davies put a hand on his shoulder and whispered, “Hang on Gibbs. Let’s just see where this goes. I don’t think there’ll be any trouble.”

Mr Gibbs looked dubious, but did as the other teacher said.

“Can I have a word?” Robbie asked, approaching the boys.

Scott immediately stepped forward, blocking his path. “Whaddya want Williams?”

“I wanna talk to Aiden,” Robbie replied calmly. “Can I Aids?”

The smallest boy in year eight didn’t step forward, feeling much safer behind his friends. He glanced around nervously, and saw some of the grownups were watching intently, so he nodded, asking “What’s up?”

“I wanna apologise Shrimp. For before. I shouldn’t of done that. I didn’t know you had a, well, a ‘thing’ on. I was just tryin’ to be a smart arse. I didn’t mean to like make a fool of you or nothing. But I guess I did, and I’m sorry.” He held out a closed fist, looking hopefully at Aiden to bump it, although the smaller boy didn’t move.

You could’ve heard a pin drop, as not only their group, but others around them who had seen the menacing figure approach, and were listening, all looked at each other with wonder.

“Is that it?” Scotty asked, somewhat belligerently.

Robbie looked uncomfortable, standing there with his outstretched arm.

“Yeah. Guess it is. Sorry Shrimp,” and he dropped his arm, and started to turn away.

A high pitched voice stopped him.

“Robbie. Wait. It’s all good, ok?”

He stepped out from behind Matthew, and offered his tiny fist, which was half the size of Robs.

Robbie grinned, although self consciously, and enthusiastically bumped knuckles with the smaller boy.

“You’re alright Aids, you know that?” Rob said, and walked away, blushing slightly.

“Will wonders never cease?” Mr Gibb whispered to Mr Davies, as both teachers grinned at each other.

As soon as Robbie had departed, Aiden hurried back into the toilet, holding himself tightly through his shorts. He really did struggle to hold on sometimes when he got too scared, upset, or excited, although this time, he made it safely.

Just.

*989*2019-08-06 00:05

{{9 hours ago, Piddly said:

Absolutely fantastic Barry.

You're the master of twists ad turns! Love it when a bully learns a bit of humility.

}}

{{8 hours ago, mikey mike said:

Great chapter again Barry enjoyed it very much

}}

{{4 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Another fantastic chapter Barry I really enjoyed reading that

}}

Thanks guy! I’m really enjoying writing this again! I’m very excited with the plans I have for the school holidays! Obviously there has to be a few more “filler” chapters to set it up, and our Little Soldier needs to reunite with Amy again.

But so many new adventures are coming!

Thanks so much for taking the time to reply. It makes it all worthwhile.

*990*2019-08-06 07:17

Chapter 51

There was a roll of “doggy-doo” plastic disposal bags at the rest stop, and one of the teachers helped themselves, sharing them out amongst the students, should anyone else feel sick during the remaining hour and a bit it would take to get back to school. The mood on the bus was now a lot more subdued, with every boy sincerely hoping the bags wouldn’t be needed, or even worse, that they wouldn’t lose control of their bowels before they got back.

Our heroes chatted away quietly amongst themselves. Scott, Matt, and Aiden appeared to be unaffected, while Dan and Ali didn’t feel the best, although they felt better now than before they had stopped. Dan was trying hard not to drink too much water, although he was thirsty, and knew that he needed it, especially after all the bourbon he and the guys had drunk last night, and he found himself constantly sipping from his water bottle. It seemed to help with the occasional nauseous he was feeling.

They discussed Rob’s sudden change of attitude in great detail, wondering if it was possible that he might finally be turning over a new leaf. Matt didn’t want to divulge too much private information about him, but alluded to the fact that the boy was having problems at home, especially with his dad. Even Aiden felt some sympathy for him after that.

While Danny didn’t exactly feel sick, he definitely didn’t feel well, and he kept glancing at his phone, anxious to get back home. He thought about his mum a lot as well. He knew that he definitely missed her, but at the same time, he still felt a bit of animosity towards her for making him go to camp. Even though overall he had enjoyed it, now he felt tired, grumpy, dirty, and slightly unwell, and of course that was totally her fault for making him go!

Sue had been in court from lunchtime till two, and hadn’t eaten. Her phone had been off, and she had forgotten to switch it on again. The clock in her car said it was nearly 2.30, and after stopping to grab a take out sandwich, she was pulling up at the school to pick up her “Little Soldier,” whose bus was due around 3.

She parked behind a pick up towing an enclosed trailer, with “J.J. Building Services” on the side, and she smiled. The owner of that trailer had the unfortunate name of Jack Jackson, and she had known him socially for years. When your husband is an electrician, you met all sorts of tradesmen during your life. Although her and Peter weren’t especially close with Jack, the men had worked on a lot of jobs together over the years, and were reasonably good friends with each other. Jack was a big man by any standards, standing at least six foot four, and built like a tank.

He had skin like leather after working in the sun for years. His arms were covered in tattoos, and his long brown hair was tied back in a ponytail with a strip of leather. He had multiple earrings, which made him look like a cross between a biker and a bounty hunter, but she knew he was a softly spoken gentle giant, who wouldn’t hurt a fly. She smiled when she saw him, resting against the front of his car, talking to a guy driving another pick up, which was adorned with signs advertising a plumbing company.

Grabbing her sandwich, she walked up to him and smiled.

“Hey Jack! How’s it going?”

“Wow! Susie! How are you?” He replied with a big smile, flashing a gold front tooth, and leaning in to give her a friendly peck on the cheek. “What’re you doin’ here?”

“Picking up my boy. He’s been at camp. What about you?”

“Same,” Jack replied. “I didn’t know your boy went to school here! Mine too. He’s at camp as well. I wonder if they know each other?”

He suddenly remembered his friend. “Sorry guys. Sue, this is Paul. Paul, Sue. Paul’s boy goes here as well. His boy Scotty is best mates with my Matthew.”

Sue’s head spun. “Wait. Matt and Scotty. And they have another mate called Ali, don’t they? An Indian boy?”

“That’s right,” said Paul with a grin. Those three are inseparable. Been mates since grade one.

“Unbelievable,” Sue laughed. “My boy Dan has been hanging around with your boys a lot lately! He had a sleepover at your house not long ago Paul! I’ve met your wife, she’s lovely.”

“Aww. No way! I didn’t actually meet him then, I was working. But I knew Scotty had a new friend staying over, which is a bit unusual.” He lowered his voice. “I, uh, believe our boys have a little bit in common?”

“I think you’re right Paul,” she agreed. “That was Danny’s first ever sleepover, because he’s not comfortable with the whole thing as a rule.”

“Wait,” said Jack. “The boys came with me to a job recently, and went to play with their new friend while I was at work. Was that your boy?”

Sue laughed gaily. “It sure was! They seem like great mates!”

“Bugger me,” Jack said under his breath. “Small world, eh?”

“I knew you had boys, Jack, but I didn’t know how old they were, or that they went to St Marks!”

“Only Matty now. He’s my youngest. The other two are in college. Scotty is Paul’s baby boy too. His other boys are grown. The girl too.”

Sue threw her sandwich back into the car. Suddenly, talking seemed more interesting than eating. She had always like JJ, and couldn’t believe that their sons were now friends!

Paul checked his phone.

“Uh oh. Have you guys checked your phones lately? You might want to have a look....”

JJ pulled his out, not finding anything. “What? What’s up Pauly?”

“Not your work phone. Check your personal one,” Paul advised, and Jack started digging in the console of his car, while Sue retrieved hers from her purse, and switched it on.

It lit up like a Christmas tree. There were two emails from the school, and three messages, plus a missed call. Also, there was a missed call from Danny, and two messages. Apparently Jacks phone was the same, and they all spent the next couple of minutes reading about the horrors that had been occurring on the bus. All three tried to call their boys, but with no luck. Phone reception could drop out on the highway in places, and it looked like the bus might be currently in a black spot, so they could do nothing more than wait.

“Shit,” Sue mumbled, fumbling in her purse for her cigarettes. Of course she had bought more when her last packet had finished.

“I guess that explains why none of the other parents are here yet,” Jack mused. “The busses won’t be back for another hour. How are your kids doing?”

“Scott’s ok apparently,” said Paul with a sigh of relief, “He said Matt is too. Ali doesn’t feel the best, poor kid.”

“Dan feels sick, but he hasn’t BEEN sick, at least yet,” Sue informed them. “This could be a long night though.”

“Yeah. Matty said he’s fine,” JJ confirmed. But you know what kids are like. If one of them sneezes, they all catch a cold. Hope it’s nothing serious.”

“Sounds like classic Gastro,” Paul exclaimed, reading the emails more thoroughly. “Shit. That can be horrible, especially for kids.”

The adults lapsed into silence for awhile, all silently worried about their boys. Gradually though, they started talking amongst themselves again. After all, they couldn’t just stand around in silence for an hour, could they?

“Got any plans for the kids holidays?” JJ asked. I’m planning on taking a week off. The boys will soon be too old to want to spend time with us, so I want to get some quality time in while I still can. I didn’t do that enough with Mattys big brothers, and I still kick myself over that.”

“I was thinking of taking Scotty camping,” Paul said. “Maybe head up north for a few days. Why don’t you and Matt join us?”

A lightbulb went off in Sues head.

“You guys are thinking of going away up north with the kids? How does a short working holiday sound, and of course with the kids as well!”

JJ grinned. “Working holiday eh? What’re you thinking Susie?”

“Well,” she started, suddenly excited, foreseeing a way to help Pete get some tradesmen for his project, and at the same time, give her boy someone to play with.

“Do you guys know Mario?”

They both nodded. EVERYONE in the building game knew Mario.

“Well,” she repeated. “Mario has a project up north. Pete’s gonna run the site. He’s going to get a full crew going, and kids are welcome. We might even be able to put the little buggers to work for a bit. Let them earn some extra pocket money.”

Paul and Jack leaned in. “Go on. We’re listening,” JJ said, gold tooth gleaming as he grinned broadly.

Sue explained the project over the next ten minutes, and by then, both fathers were very excited. It was perfect! A week or so away in the warm, the children would have their friends to hang around with, no expenses incurred, in fact, they’d actually be earning good money while they were there, and still have time to hang out with the boys while they were still young enough to want that. All food and accommodation paid for, with the added benefits of extra fun stuff and activities happening in the town they were going to, which would help keep the kiddos amused while they were working.

They got so excited, they forgot to try ringing the kids back for awhile!

“Pete comes back on Monday, so we’ll have a decent chat then. By the way, don’t mention Dans dad coming back to your boys. He wants it to be a surprise.”

JJ suddenly looked shocked.

“SHIT! The boys!”

All three adults suddenly sheepishly grabbed for their phones, and with guilty expressions, started ringing their sons again.

*993*2019-08-06 14:03

{{5 hours ago, mikey mike said:

Oh this really is great stuff! You're really back in the groove now Barry. If I'm honest I really did wonder if you could pull the story back together again after the hiatus, but I have to say that I'm more than happy to have been proved wrong

}}

{{1 hour ago, Lunx said:

You always make my day when I get to read this story. My email told me you’d written so I read that and came here and read the next chapter. I am so looking forward to everything you write! Your my favorite author on here Barry.

}}

Thanks guys. There’s a few of you that are super loyal readers, and I honestly appreciate that. All it takes is a few kind words like these, and it makes the whole process worthwhile. I will admit to checking back probably too often to see if anyone is actually reading this saga! Lol.

I am so excited for my plans for the school holidays. I’ve got so many big ideas, but I’ve just got to set it up properly so it flows. There’s going to be new experiences, characters, and scenarios, with a lot of stuff happening that hopefully nobody will see coming.

@mikey mike

That is one of the reasons it took me so long to get started again. Where I’d left off, Danny Boy had done his daring midnight run, but after that, I didn’t have anything new.

The boys go to bed, wake up, wet or dry. Go home, wet or dry. Catch up with Amy. Repeat.

I was really happy with it up till then, but I had nothing new to offer. I came up with my new ideas, but it took a long time to work out how to implement them. You know what I’m like. It has to make sense! So I needed to first work out my new plot, then figure out how to get them there.

I honestly believe part 5 will be the best of the lot, but like I’ve said, I have to pad it out enough to get there in a way that makes sense. I can’t just dump more than a dozen characters into a new situation at random, without creating like a major upheaval. If my idea works, I’ll be able to get a massive amount of material from the school holidays, in a way that makes complete sense.

I hope everyone enjoys it!

Anyone else who’s reading, drop a comment. Let me know your thoughts.

Next chapter up soon. It’s written, just needs an edit or two.

*995*2019-08-06 23:40

Chapter 52.

Soon, other parents started arriving, all showing various degrees of concern on their faces. Amongst them, was an Indian woman named Prisha, who Paul and JJ introduced as Ali’s mother. Like Sue, she knew her child wasn’t feeling well, and they immediately bonded over that.

School let out at 2:50, and by a couple of minutes after four, most of the students at school had already dispersed, when one of the other parents announced “Here they come,” as a trio of busses appeared down the street.

The worried parents started to surge forward, until a couple of teachers asked them to step back, and to give the busses a chance to park, and for the boys to collect their bags.

Now normally, fourteen year old boys don’t cry much, although Sue had been witness to more than a few episodes lately. She knew her son was probably a bit emotionally immature at times, but she could understand why, although she was trying her hardest to help him grow up, by doing things like insisting he goes to camp. But on the other hand, she had indulged him on other matters, like his footie pyjamas and letting him use his pacifier, so she had given herself mixed messages about what she was trying to accomplish with him.

But she soon learned that he wasn’t the only fourteen year old to ever shed a tear. As the three busses started to empty, there were lots of still fresh faced boys with red eyes, runny noses, and tear stained cheeks. She steeled herself, expecting her son to be the same, and was a more than a little bit surprised to see him as one of the last off, laughing with his friends, and with an arm draped casually around Scott’s shoulders.

A lot of the boys ran straight towards their parents, mostly mothers, and if she was to be honest, she was a tad disappointed that he wasn’t one of them. He had scanned the crowd, saw her, waved, then turned back to his friends, as they waited to get their bags.

“Hi mum,” he said nonchalantly, when he finally approached her.

She took in the sight of him. He was filthy. His t-shirt was untucked beneath his hoodie, which was dirty, one sock was down, the other up, he had a large red bump on his forehead, and the beginning of a black eye, which complimented the scratches on his arms, and the fresh scabs in his knees, which were blacker that Ali’s, and his smooth face was smeared with dirt.

All in all, he looked like the stereotypical image of a young boy.

“How are you mate?” Sue asked, opening her arms, but he hastily stepped back, aware that his mates were all around him. Scott, Matt, and Ali all behaved the same, but little Aiden had no qualms about wrapping his mother in a tight hug.

Nobody noticed Robbie collecting his own bag, and trudging towards the public bus stop by himself. His mum didn’t drive, and his old man was probably half pissed by now, so as usual, the fifteen year old would find his own way home, eventually.

Toby and Ollie were a bit tearful, as was Tyson, and there was a lot more hugging going on than what would normally occur after a Grade 8 camp.

Sue introduced him to his friends fathers, as well as Prisha, and he shook their hands self consciously, muttering a polite greeting. In turn, the four boys summoned Aiden over, and introduced their new friend to their parents, who were polite, but a bit surprised that the little boy who only looked to be eleven or twelve, was actually a classmate of theirs. Aidens mother beamed. She knew the kid didn’t have many friends in his own peer group. Maybe the camp wasn’t a bad idea after all, especially since he hadn’t wanted to go. She was really hoping that he hadn’t wet the bed while he was there, and judging the way his new friends were treating him, she guessed that he probably hadn’t. She had wanted to give him pull ups to wear, but his father had been against the idea. Her husband loved his son, but was painfully aware of his size difference and general immaturity, and was trying to “fast track” the boy into growing up a bit more, at least mentally. Maybe his dad was right after all.

As they chatted, Sue noticed that her son was becoming quieter, and starting to shuffle around looking a bit uncomfortable, the classic signs of him needing to pee, so she made her goodbyes, and guided him towards the car.

“You look like you had fun,” Sue ventured, as Dan put his bag and sleeping bag into the back.

“Yeah. It was ok. I guess,” he replied, determined not to give her the pleasure of knowing that he’d actually enjoyed it. Well, most of it.

Sue noticed him shifting his weight from foot to foot, and he gave a squeeze at the front of his shorts.

Dan noticed her looking at him. “I’ve gotta go to the toilet before we go,” he informed her.

“Are you dry?” She whispered.

“Jesus mum. Don’t start already, ok? Yes. I’m dry. Yes. I’m wearing a nappy. Yes. I need to go before I wet myself, ok?”

Sue was taken aback by his whispered outburst. It appeared that his time at camp hadn’t taken the edge off his attitude. But she was determined not to start a big fight with him as soon as he got off the bus. She knew he was tired and feeling unwell, so she would let it pass. Almost.

“Calm down mate. I’m not ‘starting’ on you. It’s a fair question, isn’t it?”

He sighed, pulling at his crotch again, looking much younger when he did so.

“Sorry mum. I don’t feel real good at the moment. I just wanna go home. But I gotta pee first. I’ve been drinking a lotta water, and it’s getting bad.”

Sue looked around. “If you want to leave, why not just do one of those early strike things that Amy does?”

He flushed red, and scissored his legs a bit. The last twenty minutes on the bus had been bad. He had even begun to forget that his tummy was feeling queasy.

“Geez mum. I’m trying to like do the right thing here, you know, like pay attention to my body and stuff, like what your always telling me to do. Besides, if I .......”

He froze in place, his legs stopped moving, and he nervously looked around. Suddenly, a warmth had started spreading through his pull up, and he felt a saturating wetness pooling underneath his balls. With dismay, he found out he couldn’t stop.

“Too late,” he mumbled, and she heard his voice cracking a bit with emotion, as he gave her a forlorn look. “I wet myself mum,” he mumbled.

“Don’t worry about it mate,” she said kindly. “You look like you need a nice hot bath anyway. Come on! Hop in the car and we’ll get you home.”

