Candy's hell

Author: Chloe

*000*2011-06-09 22:33

My first omorashi story :) try to be nice.

###

It was an extremely hot summer day and Candy was out on the tennis courts with her best friend Lily, watching Lily play. It was an interval at the moment so Lily bounced over to Candy, her brunette hair bouncing.

"You okay?" Lily giggled.

"Sure." Candy wiped a strand of glossy blonde hair out of her eyes.

"Here." Lily thrust a bottle of water at Candy and Candy took it greatfully, her clammy palms just about grasping it.

A whistle sounded for Lily to play again so Lily ran off, giving Candy a little wave.

Candy grinned and unscrewed the lid off of the water and gulped it down, the cool refreshing liquid gliding down her throat.

The water botle was only small and soon Candy had polished it off and needed more. Her bladder was giving her warning signals to not carry this on and go relieve herself fast but she brushed them off to the back of her head, stood up in her seat and ran over to the snack stall, squeezing past some annoyed people.

She grabbed a bigger bottle and tipped a few shiny coins onto the counter before running back to her seat.

Lily was watching her best friend's every move and shot a look toward her. 'You okay?' She mouthed before batting the tennis ball back over the net.

'Yeah' Candy mouthed back and began to drink again, thirstily.

The drink soon made its way to her bladder and it was getting full.

"I'm going to watch Lily. I can wait." Candy murmured to herself, tightend her legs together and watched Lily playing.

Candy was grinning a huge smile as Lily batted the ball over the net and her rival missed it, totaling her teams points up to 3 love.

"WOOHOO!" Candy stood up and yelled but as she did her bladder pain seemed to get worse.

She broke out in a small sweat and sat straight back down, putting both hands between her legs.

Lily shot her a look. The person sitting next to Candy shot her a look and Candy shot him one back, gulping down more water just for the heck of it.

After a while it was getting toward the end of the game and Candy's bladder was extremely full and shaking from the pressure. She felt bad as even if she stood up to cheer Lily on she would risk wetting herself in public. Tears filling her glassy blue eyes, she rested her head on her legs and cried.

"Are you okay?" The person next to Candy hissed.

"I- I'm fine." Candy was a bladder shy girl and didn't want to say what was wrong.

"There's a bathroom just over there, you know." He said gently to her, guessing hat was wrong.

Candy sighed and got up, bladder brimming and on the verge of spilling into her knickers. She made her way across each row, ensuring her legs were tightly pressed together and she was ignoring the shouts from everone else.

"You win this round, bladder.." She whispered to herself. "Just so long as you don't--" She froze as an overexcited fan pushed past her and the push made a little urine spill out into her knickers, but not enough to make a patch on the front of her light pink dress. She gasped and made sure she hadn't wetted but when she realized she hadn't, she carried on walking to the bathroom, her bladder thudding in agony.

'Relief is not that far away now.. ' Candy thought to herself. She was feeling a bit better as she thought of the immense relief. She ran into a long hallway where it split into two directions, one was the male toilets and the other was female. Candy walked to the door and pulled at the handle desperately. It was locked.

"No, no no!" Candy hissed through her teeth, clenching her bladder muscles as it let go another spurt of urine. It had now made a puddle on the front of her dress, about the size of a baseball. Candy banged on the door and kept her legs together.

"O..ccup..ied.." A weak voice on the other end said, followed by a long groan. Candy shuddered and pulled away, hands between her legs. It was empty in the corridor and Candy was looking in all directions just for relief. She looked at the male bathrooms but shook her head and walked outside again, legs still clenched. She was standing by the ramp that was the entrance to the courts when she stopped dead in her tracks as the final scores were announced.

"And the winner, with a score of twenty love is Lily Martinez!"

Candy's POV:

There was a deafening uproar of cheers and boos and I had to cheer too. I cheered happily not realizing most of Lily's fanboys were racing onto the courts. One pushed me in an attempt to get onto the court and I lost my footing and fell onto the courts, more urine spilling out of my bladder but stubbornly not all of it. Everyone was looking at me and more importantly up my skirt. I blushed a deep scarlet and pulled myself into a sitting position, bladder still begging me for relief.

Not everyone had stopped staring but I couldn't wait any longer and my knickers were wet anyway. I gave a gentle push and immense relief flooded me as finally my bladder gave way, urine spilt out and didn't stop. Urine was soaking my knickers and staining them scarlet and my dress had gone see-through but I didn't care, even though everyone was staring at my soaked body and scrambling away from the wet court. I sighed in utter relief as the last few drops of urine gushed out of my poor bladder which I had been holding for what seemed like forever.

Nobody came near me as I was reeking badly, except Lily. She knelt down next to me, not bothered by the smell, grabbed my clammy palm, pulled me up and walked me off.

"Are you okay?" She asked.

"Yeah.." I sighed for the umpteemth time in relief.

"You know.." Lily started.

"What?" I asked.

"I wet myself too.." She showed me her wet blue dress.

I giggled. "Lets go home and get changed."

And with that we walked off arm-in-arm, simply not caring about a thing.

