Yogeeta's Dilemma

Author: Pain

*000*2015-01-23 17:49

Yogeeta’s was bursting to pee now. A whole day of teaching had left her exhausted and not to mention her bladder bloated after all that water she had. She shot a look at her wrist watch , it was almost 4:00 .

Even the basic facilities become out of hand , when you run an unfunded NGO and the same was the case with Yogeeta’s organization.

She had taken up the appreciable task of teaching underprivileged kids from one of the most densely populated slum areas of the city and all she had in the name of a class room was an open piece of land. No blackboards, no chairs, no tables ,not even toilets.

For the kids it was an easy thing, who came in batches according to the time slots allotted to them, but for Yogeeta who taught 8 of these one hour long batches from early morning till evening, it had turned into a bit of a problem.

No toilet facilities meant Yogeeta had hold her pee till the time she got back home which was almost an hour long drive away from the place where she taught.

Wearing a pink shirt and a black jeans paired with shoes of the same color she read out loud from the book in her hand. She groaned aloud as a bladder spasm made her inner sphincter relax in an effort to release her pee, leaving only the outer sphincter to staunch the flow.

Yogeeta was shy to admit it to herself that she had a very close call the other day as she barely made it home to use the toilet just in time. All the way home she had feared of wetting her pants and soaking the car seat but had somehow managed to keep herself dry.

But today it seemed as if she wouldn’t be able to make it. There were still two batches of students to teach which meant she had a lot of time before she could rush home.

Yogeeta wasn’t sure if she’d be able to hold it that long.

“Kids we will end the class early today, tell your friends that I had important work to do, so I had to leave” Yogeeta announced to the class.

“Can’t you stay for a while longer?” a little girl asked.

“No, I can’t, I am sorry” Yogeeta replied with a smile, wiggling her legs for the whole class to see.

“Please miss” the kids pleaded.

“Okay fine, but not for too long” she said.

She contemplated of asking the kids if anyone of them could let her use the toilets at their home but put off the idea as it would have just shown how desperate to pee she was.

“I had so much to drink”, she thought to herself. She should have thought before chugging down an entire two liter bottle of water but now ,there was nothing she could do about it.

Reading from her book as the class listened to her, Yogeeta felt way too distracted to think of anything other than her bursting bladder.

A part of her mind wanted to get inside the car and drive like a maniac until she reached home so she could release her impending flood but she just could not abandon her students like that. Just then she felt a spurt of pee escape into her panties. She bent forward, crossing her legs and squeezing her thighs together. It stopped, but even the slightest jolt would make her start wetting herself again.

"Oh no," she whimpered, her face so hot that it must be crimson.

“What happenened miss?”, her student, Swati asked.

“Class I’m sorry I’ve leave now ”Yogeeta gasped as she rushed to pick up her bag.

“Why are you leaving miss, please stay…” a kid ranted.

“I can’t honey, I have to get home”, she responded, scissoring her legs violently she so she could keep her pee in.

“Please don’t go ma’am” the kids echoed.

“No everybody go home class dismissed” she yelled in panic and agony.

They stood up to leave, Yogeeta too started to take baby steps towards her car, with her thighs pressed together.

“…but miss I wrote a poem for you” Sonu, a small boy said.

“…look Sonu I really can’t wait, some other time alright?” she replied .

“…ma’am but I wrote it for you” he said, holding a sheet of paper in his hand.

Yogeeta couldn’t deny his cute, innocent eyes which pleaded his teacher for a little attention.

She was frantic to pee almost about to have an accident, this was her only chance of finding a bush to squat behind and pee before it was too late. She had to leave. RIGHT NOW!

“Okay, but please hurry” she stated. By this time all the other kids had left and it was only her and Sonu left behind. She could have left then itself but,Yogeeta didn’t want to hurt a little kid, and anyway she was the one who had taught them to appreciate other’s work and she just couldn’t back out when it was her turn to do so.

As he looked down to read from his paper, Yogeeta gave her crotch a squeeze before Sonu could notice.

Why was he coming her way when she was going out of her mind wanting to take a massive piss?!

As Sonu finished the first three lines of his poem, Yogeeta let out another big jet of pee into her jeans this time leaving wet patch on her crotch.

“Oh no” she gasped in horror as she grabbed her crotch tighter and crossed her legs with all her might, pee dancing on the spot. She placed her handbag in front of the wet patch just to cover it up.

Then it happened, her tired sphincter gave way and she started wetting her pants uncontrollably in front of her student who didn’t even realize it at first. She struggled with every ounce of her strength to plug the outburst, but it was no good; her muscles were too tired to keep all that pee in any longer.Yogeeta could now feel her warm pee traveling down her inner thighs.

She looked down and saw the wet patch increase rapidly, ,spreading down towards her trembling knees. She could also feel the wetness spreading across her butt. She had fought so hard and lost. The warmth flooded her jeans and the denim turned dark as her pee flooded down her legs. Her shoes were drenched, as she went on peeing and peeing and peeing.

By the time she was done , Yogeeta was standing in a huge puddle of her own pee, listening to Sonu read his poem.

Yogeeta had now emptied her bladder and she was thoroughly enjoying the relief of releasing so much liquid.

Her only concern now was, what would she say to Sonu when he finally takes a look at her?

As Sonu concluded his poem, Yogeeta softly clapped for him. She was so embarrassed by what she had just done but was trying to hide it under a more jovial mask.

“That was wonderful Sonu, I really think you can write some amazing poems” she blabbed, all she wanted to do was get out of there.

Sonu was mortified to see that Yogeeta had soaked her jeans from crotch to ankles.

“Miss you wet your pants..” he said, feeling shell shocked.He had always thought that wetting your pants was what something little kids did, but thinking of his teacher lose control and pee herself was something he could not decipher.

“Oh no Sonu , that’s just sweat , it’s very normal, I usually sweat a lot” she said, trying to make a fool out of him but she knew that a 6 year old would clearly know that she was lying.

She didn’t want Sonu to make a deal out of it and tell his friends about how their teacher wet herself.

“Sonu if you promise me that you won’t tell it to anyone, then I’d get you a big chocolate tomorrow” Yogeeta said, bending down to hold him by his shoulder, “Promise me you won’t tell anyone that I sweat my pants” she said with a smile, hoping he would buy it.

“Okay”, he replied meekly.

“Now go home and don’t tell anyone what happened…” Yogeeta said again, as she climbed into her car and waved off to Sonu, “…that’s just sweat , don’t worry” she said, her pitch louder, as she finally drove off.

They both went their ways only to never meet again.

*001*2015-01-24 07:44

Guys please comment and criticize as much as possible, it will be highly appreciated. Plus on a different note let me know if there is something offensive about the story, so I can keep that in mind for future posts.

*004*2015-01-26 13:38

{{: 

Nice story, I liked

}}

{{: 

I really liked this, no criticism from me :)

}}

Thank you guys, I really appreciate your words

*006*2015-02-01 13:50

Thank you so much Delirio91! It is great to have so much love and support!

