Pokemon Omorashi epic! - Page 10

Author: Alexxx

*225*2013-04-04 02:01

“Aaaaahahahaaaa….!” Sandy whined, legs pushed together. She clutched my hand in the throes of her desperation, slowly grinding her knees back and forth. “Oh my gooosh I have to pee!”

“So soon? We just started…” I whispered in her ear, nibbling it softly in the way I knew drove her insane.

“…t…the ear’s cheating…” She mumbled, unable to form coherent words as I ran my mouth over her ear. “Sta-, ah, urmmmm….”

“Do you want me to-?” I breathed lightly, still running my tongue lightly over it.

“N-no, d-don’t stop…” She sighed, completely transfixed.

I rewarded her compliance by becoming slightly rougher, introducing a bit of a scratching element with my teeth against the smooth skin of her inner ear. A slight moan escaped her lips, though from desperation or pleasure I didn’t know. I bit further, introducing a larger amount of her ear to the heated texture of my mouth, forcing her to savor every second of the deliberately slow drag of my canines on her ear. She panted, making other unintelligible noises as I continued my slight game of seeing how long this distraction would last, before-

“Ahh…!” Sandy flinched suddenly, smashing her legs together and groaning. “Josh, I…”

“What~?” I smirked, moving to her other ear, which had received an unfortunate lack of attention.

“I c-can’t…mmph…” She shifted and struggled uncomfortably against the pressure of her bladder, eliciting a small grin from myself. She writhed predictably for a few moments, before once again falling into complacence under my care.

“Aaaaahaaaaa…” She muttered, a mixture of a whine and a moan escaped her lips. One of her legs began to shake unconsciously as my torturous pleasure continued, paralyzing her to the spot.

She sat up suddenly, surprising me by ending my touch against her ear. She leaned forward and pressed against herself with both hands; a soft cry eliciting from her lips.

“Aaaaah! Oh my gosh, oh my gosh, ohmygosh!”

“How ya doing?” I grinned devilishly in the light of the moon.

“Shut up!” She growled, pressing harder against herself. I reached for her chin to steady her head once more and moved to bite her ear, but she pushed me aside. “No! No more of that. I can’t…I can’t concentrate with you doing that!”

“The great and powerful Alessandra has a weakness…~” I smirked, inching closer to my struggling girlfriend.

“Shut up! You’re ticklish as hell and I don’t- MMMPH!” She winced and pressed against herself again. It wasn’t enough, and she shifted to a very provocative pose; her back against the ground, but her legs above and to each side of her, bent in a careless fashion. She grabbed herself completely with one hand, and with the other pressed on the first. “-t-torture you with it!”

“You’re pretty ticklish too, if I recall.”

“DON’T. YOU. DARE.” Sandy stopped shifting for a moment to give me the coldest, darkest stare she was capable of giving while lying prone in her awkward position. Her eyes never left mine as she continued to glare not at, but though my own.

“So you mean…” I inched my way closer, with a vile grin spreading across my face.

“DON’T.”

“That you wouldn’t want me to…”

“YOU.” She glared, legs fidgeting lightly in the air as she pressed against herself.

“…do this?” I pushed her shirt up suddenly, and quickly pressed my open lips against her coffee colored skin. I blew hard, eliciting a hilarious noise that echoed though the darkened, but moonlit woods.

*FFFfffffffffffflllppppppth*

“HAHAHAHA!” Sandy snorted with laugher, squeezing her eyes shut. She convulsed forward, pressing harder against her groin.

I took another breath as Sandy’s laugher died down.

“Stop! Stop, stop, stop, stop! I’m not KIDDING!” Sandy glared at me, grinning with her light caramel eyes. “Seriously! Don’t you- I SEE what you’re doing!” She growled playfully. I gave her a quick grin. “Don’t smile at me! Stop with your- MMMPH!” She pressed against herself again, wincing and rubbing her hand against herself. I took this opportunity to surprise her again with another raspberry.

“AAAH!” Sandy’s eyes shot open, and she bent forward again, pressing her hands as hard as she could against her crotch. “Shit! Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit!”

A quick splash could be heard against the fabric of her jeans. She looked down in shock, and noticed the small, egg sized damp spot covering the bottom center of her groin.

“Aaahaaahaaaa!” Sandy moaned, giving herself one final death grip. “JOSH! You made me pee in my jeans! Augh, help me MMMPH!” She shifted suddenly, crossing her legs with her hands still firmly in place. “Help me get these damn things off before I piss myself!” She growled.

“But you look so cute in them~!” I cooed, prying her arms away from her groin, and holding them down at her sides.

“JOOOSH!” She yelped, “I’m not kidding anymore! I’m going to pee myself; I seriously can’t stop it anymore!”

“Oh?” I held her down firmly. She stopped squirming, but held her legs firmly crossed, lying against the ground. Her caramel eyes burned into my own as she shot me one lase heart melting, begging look.

“Please.” She implored, biting her lip, and looking desperately at me.

“Please what?”

“J-just please.” She begged firmly, bobbling slightly up and down.

“What can I do?”

“I don’t have time for thissss!” Sandy moaned, shaking up and down as I held her limbs in place.

“Want me to let you go?”

“YESSSS!”

“Kay.” I grinned and let her go, amused to see her instantly shrink into a ball, pressing herself as hard as she could muster. After a moment she stood up, supporting herself against a tree as she tore at the buttons keeping her jeans in place.

“Augh!” She shouted in frustration as the button stayed firmly intertwined against the fabric, refusing to unhinge. She let out another whine of frustration, and reached lower to grab herself again. “Josh, h-help me with the damn button! I c-can’t get it right now!”

“Sure.” I walked over and grabbed both sides of the fabric, pulling them taught and releasing the button’s hold. She shuttered at the sudden space her bladder was now given to expand, and I took the opportunity to press on that spot just slightly with the same hand that held the aggravating button.

“Ah!” She yelped in surprise as a quick spurt escaped down her leg, dampening the inner lining of her once dry jeans. “JOSH!” She hissed in anger, grabbing fiercely down on herself to stem the flow.

“My bad~” I lied, letting go of the now loose fabric. She grabbed at the edges and tore downward, but in her haste lost her footing and fell to the ground, pants barely above her knees.

“URK!” She yelped, not in pain but in frustration. She kicked and grabbed the jeans with one hand, attempting to firmly shove them down herself and free herself. I laughed, and grabbed the bottom cuff of her pants to help pull them off. Seeing my now honest attempt at helping her, Sandy pushed herself off the ground with a small hop. Upon landing a shocked expression crossed her face, and the once small damp spot grew immensely. A small hissing sound could be heard hitting the fabric of the still-in-place jeans; ones that would unfortunately not survive Sandy’s desperation unscathed. Sandy gave me a surprised, guilty, awkward smile as her jeans changed from soaked to drenched, and the hissing sound grew louder. She leaned back into the grass and sighed, resigned to her fate and choosing to simply enjoy the final, big release.

After more than a minute, the hissing sound died down, and she laid contently in the now dampened grass, breathing heavily.

“That.” She panted, eyeing me now with a coy, eager gaze. “…will never get old…”

$$

$$

$$

*228*2013-04-10 23:46

(Josh POV)

"Nothing happened."

"Liaaaar!"

"Seriously!"

"Seriously a liar~!"

Static grinned knowingly as we all prepared for our flight. It was the next morning, and Sandy was gearing up her Charzard, while I was putting the final preparations on Skarmorry. There was much to do; bags needed to be packed, arrangements needed to be made. It was a long flight, especially with the extra weight of the trainer on the backs of our mounts. We needed to plan for meals, resting points, and many other factors before our trip.

"Un-"

"Shhh, Skarr!" I commanded, trying to focus.

"-necessary." Skarr growled.

"We need to make sure you don’t overexert yourself. We could just take a plane if it’s too much stress-"

"JOSH. I have taken this pampering for far too long now." Skarr tossed off the bag he held in the emphasis of his point.

"Skarr!" I berated.

"Josh!" Skarr berated back, staring directly back at me. I stumbled back, unnerved by Skarr’s blatant disobedience. "This is absurdity! I am not Atlas; the sky is not my burden! Insisting I rest every minuscule moment I have flown is idiotic, and you know I am capable of more. I will not have you babying me like a hatchling!"

"Flying that long would make any Pokémon tired, Skarr. We need-"

"I’m not any Pokémon Josh! I am a Skarmory; champions of endurance and the air. Our wings were created to be both durable under stress, and lightweight enough to fly. My kin spends months airborne without roosting, and often both mates and gives birth WHILE FLYING. And!" Skarmory punctuated the ‘and’ with a prod of his steel wing. "Might I remind you that eggs cannot fly! So the female must CATCH her eggs, mid-flight, WHILE still giving birth to other eggs!"

"…I find that unlikely." I smirked, and gave Skarr a dubious look.

"…It’s a rare event mind you; normally females can land in time…but it HAS happened! My point is, I have no trouble with land, and I give up my superiority of the air freely and without reluctance to be here, with you and the others. BUT! When the times should arise that you need a mobile steed, I shouldn’t have to be ‘suited up and prepared’. If it’s a long flight, in your terms, simply grab a snack, and we’ll be off. All this planning is both insulting and unnecessary."

"I didn’t mean to offend you Skarr, I’m just trying to look out for you."

"I realize; I’m not upset, this over preparation just makes me feel…"

A slight pause filled the air, as Skarr searched for the right word.

"…silly?" Nova offered. Skarr and I both turned our heads to the small Charmander, not expecting him to speak up. Nova shrunk back at the sudden attention.

"Yes, ‘silly’. I feel silly." Skarr reluctantly admitted.

"Silly Skarr!" Wigglytuff cheered.

"Alterations are not clever, nor cute. You will refrain from addressing me as such from this moment forward."

"Snarky Skarr!" Static joined in.

"Static, need I remind you that you do not need to be conscious during this trip?" Skarr walked towards him threateningly with poison dripping from his sharpened, steel feathers.

"Scary Skarr!" Sandy jumped in.

"As Josh’s companion, I respectfully ask that you halt your jesting. It is unbecoming-"

"Snooty Skarr!" I grinned.

Skarr turned to glare at me, with two dull amber eyes. His gaze pierced right though my core, in pure, unfiltered annoyance. His neck snapped towards Nova, glaring daggers at the poor Charmander.

"Go on then." Skarr growled, venom dripping from his feathers.

"G-go on w-with what?" Nova shrunk back.

"You started this, and you’re going to finish it. Go on." Skarr dared Nova, approaching him with wings flared. Nova stumbled backwards, tripping on a mound of dirt, then shielding himself against Skarr’s presence.

"…S…s-super Skarr?" He pleaded.

"Good." Skarr flapped twice, then tucked his wings back against his sides. "Now, for the sake of my sanity, can we please be off?"

"Sarcastic Skarr!" Static cheered.

Skarr collapsed into a silver mess of feathers, crumbling before me. "This is going to stick, isn’t it Josh? I tried…I really did…"

"Sullen Skarr…" I patted him gently on the top of his head.

###

(Skarr POV)

"…"

"Guardians of the flames INDEED."

"…"

"Well, at least we can live secure, knowing the seas of molten rock beneath our feet have such ferocious and enduring protectors." I mocked.

"…"

"Come now, you must have some retort! Or have all the flames you have blown boiled your mind as well?"

"…it will not be today, and it will not be tomorrow, Slicer of the Winds, but one day…I shall destroy you…" The Charzard panted, sweat coating her outer fur, and a mask of fatigue binding her features.

My beak contorted into a smirk as I flew slightly faster, slowly outpacing the draconic pokemon. The Charzard panted, and strained her wings to catch up.

"…The inner circles of hell shall beckon you in the afterlife..."

"Can’t you just play with me?" I mocked. "Can’t we just have fun?"

"…This torture cannot be described as fun…I would say I have lost feeling in my wings, but in truth, I feel every pained flap. I have never felt this level of exhaustion in my life, and I’m sure I would have failed…" Her thoughts cut off for a moment, and she lost some altitude before recovering. "…If the punishment was not stranding my ledge in the endless seas…"

"If you failed, I would have taken the task, and carried both humans. Your master’s life was not truly at risk." I shrugged.

"Even you could not support two trainers this distance." She panted, grinding her teeth. I prepared a retort, but instead bit my tongue.

"Perhaps, but in a life or death situation, I could carry them a small way." I reasoned. "Assuming you failed close to the island, I could reasonably ferry them a mile or two."

"…I’m just glad it doesn’t have to come for that. Any longer and I’m certain I would have faltered…" The Charzard sighed, the island now coming into view.

I gracefully gained speed, and swopped towards the ground with my kin’s natural elegance and grace. Seconds before landing I stalled and spilled the air beneath my wings, then landed expertly on my talons. Charzard was not as graceful, clumsily attempting to skid to a halt, failing, then collapsing on her stomach.

“Great job Charzard. Let’s get you some rest, shall we? Thank you so much.” Sandy slid off the Charzard’s back, patting her graciously on the head.

"Ah, at last you are rescued from your toil. Not a moment too soon, hmmm?" I mocked one final time.

"I don’t go back on my word, you waltzing mirror. There will come a time for us to duel once more, and on the battle field I will destroy you for your insolence." She smirked an exhausted, under bite grin. "But until that day…I bid you adieu."

"Adieu as well. Thank you for the company."

Sandy pressed the Pokeball to her fur, and she disappeared in the far too familiar bath of red light.

"You too, Skarr! You did awesome, thanks so much! I have to admit, I thought flying over an ocean would take quite a toll, and I was worried!" Josh complemented, turning on his Pokespeak once more.

"Ill placed faith, as usual I see." I grinned. "Not a hint of fatigue, and not a drop of sweat." I said proudly, displaying my wings with dignity.

"CAN Skarrmory sweat?" Josh asked, the odd question crossing his mind.

"As if my kin were capable of something so uncouth." I smirked, rolling my eyes. "We are always preened to perfection; not a feather out of place, and not a talon unfiled. Never smeared or scratched; always perfectly reflective and refined."

"The perfect picture of vanity." A female voice interrupted my thoughts. I turned to see Sandy grinning beside me.

"Vain? Oh, how I weep with your judgment!" I feel to the floor, covering myself with my wings. "Am I doomed to forever be labeled as a heathen; my pride dooming me to my downfall?"

"I didn’t mean it like that-" Sandy began

"Oh what pride had I!" I continued, pretending to sob. "Forever claiming my essence to the depths of demons simply for liking to be clean! Selling my soul for my reflective down, and my heart to the insatiable devils of the underworld just to look half-decent!"

"S-Skarr!" Sandy couldn’t help but snicker.

"Like Icarus, I have flown too close to the sun, wishing to be cleanly in a world full of grime. Can my soul ever be redeemed!?"

"Well, you’re definitely not tired!" Josh chuckled. Sandy’s face was pure red, both from blushing and laughter.

Once we calmed down, I took a moment to view my surroundings. Many tall buildings greeted the horizon, with many people and Pokemon bustling about. Josh looked expectantly at Sandy; his hands placed lightly in his pockets.

“So…where to, my lady?”

*230*2013-04-20 03:08

(Augh! I forgot to update this week! As punishment, here's two updates. My bad! Will be back on scedule next week, my deepest appologies )

(Skarr POV)

"…"

"Guardians of the flames INDEED."

"…"

"Well, at least we can live secure, knowing the seas of molten rock beneath our feet have such ferocious and enduring protectors." I mocked.

"…"

"Come now, you must have some retort! Or have all the flames you have blown boiled your mind as well?"

"…it will not be today, and it will not be tomorrow, Slicer of the Winds, but one day…I shall destroy you…" The Charzard panted, sweat coating her outer fur, and a mask of fatigue binding her features.

My beak contorted into a smirk as I flew slightly faster, slowly outpacing the draconic pokemon. The Charzard panted, and strained her wings to catch up.

"…The inner circles of hell shall beckon you in the afterlife..."

"Can’t you just play with me?" I mocked. "Can’t we just have fun?"

"…This torture cannot be described as fun…I would say I have lost feeling in my wings, but in truth, I feel every pained flap. I have never felt this level of exhaustion in my life, and I’m sure I would have failed…" Her thoughts cut off for a moment, and she lost some altitude before recovering. "…If the punishment was not stranding my ledge in the endless seas…"

"If you failed, I would have taken the task, and carried both humans. Your master’s life was not truly at risk." I shrugged.

"Even you could not support two trainers this distance." She panted, grinding her teeth. I prepared a retort, but instead bit my tongue.

"Perhaps, but in a life or death situation, I could carry them a small way." I reasoned. "Assuming you failed close to the island, I could reasonably ferry them a mile or two."

"…I’m just glad it doesn’t have to come for that. Any longer and I’m certain I would have faltered…" The Charzard sighed, the island now coming into view.

I gracefully gained speed, and swopped towards the ground with my kin’s natural elegance and grace. Seconds before landing I stalled and spilled the air beneath my wings, then landed expertly on my talons. Charzard was not as graceful, clumsily attempting to skid to a halt, failing, then collapsing on her stomach.

“Great job Charzard. Let’s get you some rest, shall we? Thank you so much.” Sandy slid off the Charzard’s back, patting her graciously on the head.

"Ah, at last you are rescued from your toil. Not a moment too soon, hmmm?" I mocked one final time.

"I don’t go back on my word, you waltzing mirror. There will come a time for us to duel once more, and on the battle field I will destroy you for your insolence." She smirked an exhausted, under bite grin. "But until that day…I bid you adieu."

"Adieu as well. Thank you for the company."

Sandy pressed the Pokeball to her fur, and she disappeared in the far too familiar bath of red light.

"You too, Skarr! You did awesome, thanks so much! I have to admit, I thought flying over an ocean would take quite a toll, and I was worried!" Josh complemented, turning on his Pokespeak once more.

"Ill placed faith, as usual I see." I grinned. "Not a hint of fatigue, and not a drop of sweat." I said proudly, displaying my wings with dignity.

"CAN Skarrmory sweat?" Josh asked, the odd question crossing his mind.

"As if my kin were capable of something so uncouth." I smirked, rolling my eyes. "We are always preened to perfection; not a feather out of place, and not a talon unfiled. Never smeared or scratched; always perfectly reflective and refined."

"The perfect picture of vanity." A female voice interrupted my thoughts. I turned to see Sandy grinning beside me.

"Vain? Oh, how I weep with your judgment!" I feel to the floor, covering myself with my wings. "Am I doomed to forever be labeled as a heathen; my pride dooming me to my downfall?"

"I didn’t mean it like that-" Sandy began

"Oh what pride had I!" I continued, pretending to sob. "Forever claiming my essence to the depths of demons simply for liking to be clean! Selling my soul for my reflective down, and my heart to the insatiable devils of the underworld just to look half-decent!"

"S-Skarr!" Sandy couldn’t help but snicker.

"Like Icarus, I have flown too close to the sun, wishing to be cleanly in a world full of grime. Can my soul ever be redeemed!?"

"Well, you’re definitely not tired!" Josh chuckled. Sandy’s face was pure red, both from blushing and laughter.

Once we calmed down, I took a moment to view my surroundings. Many tall buildings greeted the horizon, with many people and Pokemon bustling about. Josh looked expectantly at Sandy; his hands placed lightly in his pockets.

“So…where to, my lady?”

###

(Josh POV)

"Anywhere!?" Static looked up at Sandy with wide, unbelievably hopeful turquoise eyes.

"Anywhere." Sandy confirmed, smiling to herself. "The rules are different here; all Pokémon are assumed to be owned, so roaming by yourselves isn’t frowned upon. There’s plenty to do, and several Pokémon-only activities, so we might actually be slowing you down!" Sandy snickered, then caught sight of my troubled expression. "…That is, if it’s alright with your trainer."

"…J-just make sure you travel in pairs, alright? And we’ll meet back at the Pokécenter at nine. If you don’t know the time, just ask someone wearing a watch. And make sure to travel in pairs-"

"Oh COME ON!" Static whined, paws waving angrily in the air. "It’s our vacation! Let us run around and stuff, don’t make me babysit NOVA all day!"

"Static, I wasn’t-"

"Don’t ‘Static I wasn’t-’ me! You were TOTALLY going to stick me with him! Can’t I have one day-"

"I’ll take Nova." Myst interrupted. Static turned to her in bewilderment, and I smiled to myself.

"Wait, who would I be stuck with, then?" Static grumbled, still confused by the turn of events.

"That would be me, my yellow nuisance." Skarr purred.

"That’s not better!" Static wailed.

"Whatever, I called dibs on Nova." Myst stuck her tongue out at the Pikachu.

"I don’t care, I don’t want you either." Static returned Myst’s rude expression.

"Well, you’re going to have to get along with someone." I responded.

"Why?" Static whined. "Can’t…can’t I just go with you?"

"No, someone needs to keep Skarr company. Remember, this is only a day, bud." I smiled, and nudged Static with my shoe, which perked him up a little.

"Also, Skarr! I’m trusting you to be the responsible one."

"As always." Skarr rolled his eyes.

"I’m serious! If someone does get lost, I’m going to need you there, by my side at nine to scout out the island and try to find them. Also, someone needs to look after Static while I’m gone, and I think you’re the best fit. Okay?"

"Can do." Skarr nodded more seriously.

"Alright. See everyone at nine, by the Pokemon center. Have fun you guys! And everyone thank Sandy for this opportunity!"

"Thanks Sandy!"

"Um, thanks!"

"Thank you very much!"

"We appreciate the sentiment."

"Thank you VERY much." I smiled, now thinking in private chat, and kissed her on the tip of her nose. She winced, and grinned back.

"You’re very welcome. Shall we be off?"

"Where to, my lady?" I suddenly was overwhelmed by a sense of déjà vu.

"Where else, my soon opponent~?" Sandy hummed. "The Battle Factory!"

*234*2013-04-24 21:07

(Skarr POV)

We walked for quite a ways, listening to the odd, yet familiar sounds of human communication bustle around us. Typically, Pokémon were not allowed to roam far from their trainers, else they would be mistaken for wild. It was a rare and happy privilege to walk amongst humans without having Josh nearby. Not that I minded of course…usually.

Once we had gotten a fair ways, I turned back to Static, and gave him a sarcastic glance. Not at all unexpectedly, he gave me a confused glance back.

“What?” He asked thoughtlessly.

“How long to do you plan on continuing this façade?”

“Fuh-what?”

“Façade. Illusion, falseness, the act of doing something while harboring intentions of doing it’s opposite.”

Static stared at me for a moment. “…what?”

“LYING, Static. How long do you intend to continue lying!” I deadpanned angrily.

“What are you talking about?!” Static yelped, obviously still confused.

“I know you don’t wish to spend the afternoon under my eyes, and I certainly harbor no intention of babysitting you throughout the day. It’s clear that Josh has long since gone, so I was wondering, why are we continuing this façade? Let us leave now, and we’ll meet up at 8:30 at the Pokémon center. We’ll be back before Josh gets there, and we’ll have the days to ourselves, instead of being subjected to each other’s company.”

“…but that’s lying.” Static concluded.

“Yes, Static, that is lying.” I confirmed, rolling my eyes.

“Wouldn’t Josh be mad?”

“That is why Josh won’t find out…” I slowly explained, not doing well in the task of masking my condescension.

“Oh. OH. I see.” Static grinned. “Okay, okay, but you can’t tell him, right?”

“…Sure.”

“Great! Oh boy, oh boy! Okay, see you later Skarr!”

“Adios…” I muttered as I watched Skarr dash thought a crowd of civilians.

At last, a day to myself. I had sorely needed this. Although I had claimed such a flight from Kanto to the Battle Park would be a small feat, I admit that I hadn’t flown with added weight in quite some time. My wings were quite sore, and I felt like a well-deserved nap was in order.

After resting for a few hours, perhaps I could preen some of these loose feathers…maybe bathe a bit in one of the lakes, to ensure my coat gets the proper reflective sheen…

I landed on a roof of a tall building, and laid my head to rest. I felt warm and content. A perfect vacation indeed.

###

(Nova POV)

“Hey…um…”

"Yes?"

“C-can I ask you a question?”

"Yes, but only one, so choose wisely."

“…W…what?”

"I kid." Myst laughed, smiling at my awkward display. "Ask away."

“…Why did you choose me?” I asked, after a slight pause. Myst stopped walking, and turned to face me.

“Why wouldn’t I choose you?” She demanded, reverting to her normal tongue.

“I-I don’t know.” I shrunk back.

“No, really. Out of them all, you’re the one with the most experience with human architecture. You would serve as a good guide to a young fox, in the land of humans.”

“Well…I don’t know, I haven’t gotten out that much…” I looked awkwardly aside.

“Well…” Zorua thought for a moment. “Well! Then we have something in common! Neither of us have seen many human buildings.”

“Hey, you’re right!”

“Exactly!” She smiled, and I smiled back. “I’m still going to need your help though. Do you know where we’re headed?”

“Nope.” I admitted, shrugging sheepishly.

“Do you know how to get back?”

“N-no…”

Myst narrowed her eyes. “Can you identify any nearby structures?”

I looked around. Surrounding us were many tall, ominous building with large archways and big windows. Many people walked briskly around us, going in or out of the large edifices.

“They...they’re buildings?”

Myst sighed lightly, and put a paw to her forehead. “See, this is why I choose you.”

“Why, b-because I’m useless, and I need someone to help me?” I felt tears brimming in the base of my eyes.

“No, because if I have to get lost, I want to get lost with you.”

I felt a weight lift off my chest. That almost felt…deep…coming from her.

“Thanks…!” I chirped.

“You can thank me by finding the Pokémon center, so we have a point of reference. Hoist me up, will you? I’ll create an illusion so we look like a person, so we get more space, and thus a better view.”

I didn’t know what illusion she was creating, but from the inside, it looked like the air was shimmering around us.

“Don’t touch the border.” She ordered, pointing at the edge of the mirage. “Now, give me your paw, and don’t move…” She tested my strength by pressing down on my paw, before darting onto it, and dashing onto my shoulders. From there, she placed her back paws on my collar, and hoisted herself up with her front paws hugging my head.

“Piggy back ride?” I inquired, laughing.

“Silence, steed!” Myst scoffed in a jokingly deep voice. “Go forth! Let us ride into the winds! Our quest beacons with the promise of glory and danger! Go, let us find our reference point, and avenge those lost in the brave battle of…” She faltered.

“Battle-Parkia!” I added, filling the void.

“Precisely! Charge, noble steed!” She gently prodded the back of my neck with a paw, mimicking a kicking motion, and ‘steering’ me with her hands on my head.

“Neiiigh!” I cried, going into a light jog though the bewildered crowd of people. The illusion caused people to politely move out of our way, which made navigating though the crowds much easier. Once we were free of the larger crowd I broke into a run, grabbing Myst’s back legs to ensure her stability.

“Where are you going?” Myst laughed as we ran through a grassy hill we clearly had not been though before.

“I don’t know!” I admitted, giggling. “You’re steering me!”

I raced down the hill, quickly gaining uncontrollable speed.

“Woaaah!” Myst commanded, pulling back on my head. I couldn’t stop, and when I tried, I ended up tripping and tumbling with her down the hill. With an

‘Oof!’ we landed next to each other, dinged up and scratched.

I groaned, but managed to giggle at the obscurity of our situation. “Aaaahahahaaa….”

Myst turned to me with a huge smile on her face. “Again, again!”

“You’re crazy.” I laughed, sitting up, and rubbing my head with one paw.

“Maybe!” She beamed, lying playfully on her back in the grass.

I pushed myself to a standing position. “Alright, fine, but not down the hill, alright?”

“Okay!” She smiled, a light blush crossing her face. “U-um…”

“What?” I asked.

“Could you help me up first?” Myst pleaded sheepishly.

*235*2013-05-02 16:12

(Oh gosh, finals. ;_; sorry for the late update everyone! so much busyness... I'll make it up to you as soon as this is all over "3 )

(Josh POV)

“I have NO IDEA what I’m doing.”

I grinned at the mildly annoyed secretary as she sighed softly, and went over her instructions again. I was in the Battle Factory! In only moments, I would have the honor of facing Alessandra, one of – if not the – strongest Frontier Brains in the Battle Park. Well, that is, if I could understand the directions.

“See this display?” The woman prodded the glowing blue monitor before me, which resembled a large desk with a touch screen.

“Yes?”

“You have an option of multiple Pokémon on it. Once chosen, you cannot change. You will pick three, and Alessandra will pick three, but they will not be on the same list. As such, you will have no idea what Pokémon she will choose.”

“Oh, I get it. And she won’t know what I have to choose either, right?”

“Erm, no.”

I gave the woman a confused look. She sighed lightly once more.

“Alessandra…” She continued her elongated sigh, “…is a brain. That is, she has memorized every listing pair, and every conceivable option. Upon releasing your first Pokémon, she will likely know the list you are using, and all options related to that list.”

“Mmhmm.” My eyes widened a bit at this knowledge. What was I getting myself into?

“I have no idea why Alessandra would like to challenge you…” The secretary looked me up and down, clearly unimpressed. “…and with no recording, or media visuals, nonetheless. If I didn’t know better, I’d say she was scared.”

“Scared?” I grinned, with new found confidence growing in my core.

“Trust me trainer…I know better.” And she shut the door, leaving me in darkness, save for the desk-monitor in front of me.

"Choose. A. Pokémon." A robotic voice hummed in my mind. I scrolled down the unfortunately small list. My options included an Infernape, an Alakazam, a Smeargle, a Ditto, a Salamence, and a…

“What on earth is that?” I said out loud, looking at the strange Pokémon, swirling on my screen with red and blue. I got out my phone, and aimed the camera at the image on the computer.

“Porygon Z.” It said simply. “This Porygon has been enabled to travel to dimensions beyond the intellectual capabilities of man-kind. This type of travel has had odd and unexpected effects, however.”

“The hell?” I looked inquisitively at my phone, and then back to the screen. I flicked carelessly at the monitor, bringing up its stats. It had a nice special attack, and good speed, but I would feel better using Pokémon I was more comfortable with. I flicked back to the Infernape.

“Infernape.” My phone began.

“Shut up, I know what an Infernape is.”

“The Fire Monkey Pokemon.”

“Cancel. Turn off. Shut down.” I commanded, pressing several buttons at once on my phone.

“Infernape uses all of its limbs to attack, utilizing several different-”

I tore the battery out of my phone, causing the voice to crackle and disappear.

“That’s better.” I sighed.

I looked over the Infernape’s moves and stats, pleased to see a familiar ‘Fake Out’ listed in the sets. Overall, it looked like the Infernape played by about the same rules as Static did – dish out as much pain as possible, and don’t get hit.

I could work with that.

I clicked select, and the machine made a pleasant ding, registering that one out of my three choices was made.

“Alakazam isn’t too bad…” I glanced at its stats. “Nice speed, awesome Special Attack… yeah, this should cover Infernape pretty well.”

Lastly, I picked Salamence as my final. Who wouldn’t choose an awesome dragon?

"You have selected your final Pokémon. Would you like to re-select any?"

I thought the receptionist said I couldn’t change?

"Re-select." I choose out of curiosity.

"TOO BAAAAD!" The robotic voice was exchanged for a deep, cackling baritone as suddenly the room started to shift. The floor jolted upward, and in fright I turned to the door, which had now disappeared. I stood in the center of the room, bewildered, unsure of what was happening.

I’m in an elevator.

The thought crossed my mind like a wave, slowly calming me down. I wish someone had told me! The small room looked nothing like an elevator, and in fact looked rather lavish, with red cushion walls and the expensive looking desk monitor.

Light poured over me, and upon looking up I saw an automated gate open above me. The elevator stopped, pushing only the bottom of the elevator to the new floor. As I rose, I saw Sandy standing at a similar platform, looking expectantly in my direction. I cocked my head, and gave her my signature grin.

“Didn’t expect that.” I admitted.

“Josh!” Sandy exclaimed, unlike herself. She extended her arms; a show of power in the vastness of the arena. “Remind me, how are you still bewildered after seeing what secrets I hold? Bask in the glory of the Battle Factory, and relish this moment as the moment you get beaten…” She let her hair fall, and opened her eyes, revealing bright, hauntingly amber yellow contacts, now fully resembling the Alessandra I remembered. “…by Alessandra, master, and

Frontier Brain!”

I shot her a queer glance, and smirked to myself. “Are you recording this?”

“By regulation, all battles in this hall are recorded.” She spoke professionally. “However, for this battle, I have made a special exception. No cameras will be recording this. Just you and me, Josh…” She spoke menacingly.

“Oh? No cameras, huh? Don’t want risk your loss getting on film, now do we?”

If any part of me thought that statement was correct, I was sorely mistaken. She laughed, then cast her cruel gaze on me once more. “No, no. Recently articles in the tabloids have been accusing me of ‘lack of sportsmanship’ when it comes to battles. They called me callous.” Sandy put on a mock frown. “They claimed I didn’t just beat my opponents, I intentionally made them suffer for their mistakes, drawing out the battles, and forcing them to watch, helpless, as their mistakes caused their ruin.”

“Why would someone lie like that?” I asked inquisitively.

“Lie? Oh, it’s no lie, Josh.” Sandy purred. “I like my prey to suffer before conceding defeat. I enjoy the pain in their eyes as they’re slowly forced to watch me win.”

“You’re evil.” I concluded, smirking.

“Not yet I’m not. The reason those cameras are off-” Sandy pointed left in a vague direction. “- is because no one else will be here to call me cruel, for what I’m about to do to you.”

“Oh? Such hubris…” I countered.

“Hubris is for those whom do not truly possess the prowess I do.” Sandy scoffed. “Back in Kanto, you claimed you thought you were better than me. I cannot allow this train of thought to continue…”

“And what shall you do about this, my dear?” I implored.

“Destroy you, slowly. Crush you without mercy, though in such a way where you still believe you have a chance until the very end. Show you what a true battle is like, and truly persuade you-” She twisted around, snatching a Pokéball off her belt, and smiled wildly with her unnatural, fierce golden eyes. “-that you never had a chance against the great Alessandra!”

“Convince me.” I breathed, a determined grin on my face and a Pokéball in my hand.

*238*2013-05-12 23:33

{{:

I'd guess the finals that he mentioned last update.

}}

Sorry for the lack of updates everyone! Finals have been terrible, and I've been very stressed. No longer though! Expect a HUGE update tomorrow, and sorry again for the wait!

*240*2013-05-13 20:14

(Here is a

$iframe width="459" height="344" frameborder="0" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/O0M5D5OA-d4?feature=oembed" to the song I'm about to reference in the story! I suggest listening to it before, or while reading. Hope you enjoy :3)

(Josh POV)

A deep, rich, throbbing bass echoed through the arena, matching the quickened pace of my heart. The low notes reverberated through the air, shaking my very foundation with their harsh but compelling beats.

“If it’s a FIGHT I’m ready to go!” The base pounded thought the arena.

“Go, Infernape!” I commanded, tossing the black and white Ultraball to the middle of the stage. After a quick flash of light the Infernape appeared, already in a fighting stance.

‘I wouldn’t put my money on the other guy, if you know what I already know!’ The bass quickened as Sandy smirked to herself.

“Go, Smeargle!” Sandy exclaimed, tossing the Ultraball to her side of the arena. The Smeargle appeared, balancing carefully on his pained tail. It wore a red bandana around its forehead, along with a tense, focused gaze.

"Infernape, use-" I winced as intense interference wracked the signal. Sandy grinned, and shook her finger.

“Ah, ah, ah…” She smirked. “Not in here. Here, we do things the old fashion way.”

Grrrrr…

“Infernape, use Fake Out!” I quickly ordered.

“Detect!” Sandy commanded.

No!

Infernape raced up just as a brown, transparent aura enveloped Smeargle. Infernape launched a multitude of punches and kicks, but they all seemed a second behind as Smeargle expertly dodged all of the blows.

“Infernape, Close Combat!” I wanted to save that move as a surprise tactic, but it was apparent she wouldn’t be that easy of an opponent.

Smeargle wouldn’t be able to reliably use detect again, and Infernape now has an insane type advantage – Close Combat alone holds three hundred and sixty base power, and won’t miss. Smeargle can’t survive that, and Sandy will be forced to switch out and thus have the attack land on another Pokémon, or take it, and force her Smeargle to be knocked out.

“Smeargle!” Sandy readied a command, with a haunting spark in her eyes. “Take the blow.”

Infernape raced towards the Smeargle, socking him twice in quick succession with his fists, then sent him flying across the arena with an overpowered kick. I felt the reverberation of the bass happen in sync as the Smeargle crashed into the side of the wall, taking far too much damage to remain conscious.

Haha. Three-two, my favor, Alessandra.

“Smeargle, use Shell Smash, then Spore!”

WHAT!?

‘Don’t CRY like a BITCH when you FEEL THE PAIN!’ The bass rumbled, pumping the fast paced electronic rock.

The Smeargle slowly arose off the floor; his bandanna now turning to ash. With a quick movement of his arms, a shell appeared around him and shattered.

Smeargle looked fatigued beyond belief, and could barely stand…yet he WAS still standing.

H-how could Smeargle have survived that!?My calculations weren’t faulty; that attack should have knocked him out three times over!

“C-close combat again, Infernape!”

“Put him down, Smeargle.”

The Smeargle calmly patiently as my Infernape tore across the stage, with hands enveloped with an orange, fighting energy. With a hastened swipe of his tail, the Smeargle covered my Infernape with green spores, and Infernape crashed before him, asleep.

“No!” I screamed.”R-return!”

WHAT WAS I DOING!?

“G-go, Alakazam!” I yelped.

Okay, all your Pokémon are still at full health, even if she disabled one for now. She still only has a weakened Smeargle at her disposal, you still have this!

“Batton Pass. You’ve done well today.” Sandy purred, returning the Smeargle to his Pokeball. “Go, Porygon Z!”

Excellent. Although Porygon Z is fast and has high Special Attack, Alakazam is faster, and has just as high special attack. One super effective focus blast should be more than enough to end this fight!

“Focus Blast, Alakazam!” I commanded.

“Psyshock, Porygon Z!” Sandy sneered.

‘But it’s the little, petty SHIT that I…CAN’T IGNORE!’ The music blared, deafening me with its obscene volume and intensity.

Hah! Not only will she not hit me, she chose a psychic attack! Alakazam has incredible Special Defense; that attack wouldn’t even faze him!

Alakazam closed his eyes and summoned a bolt of fighting energy, but in an instant he was hit with a wave of purple energy. It washed over him, obliterating his attack, and knocking him to the ground. Alakazam didn’t get back up.

W…what? I-it was slower…and that shouldn’t have knocked it out…Alakazam has one of the highest Special Defense scores of all known Pokémon!

“Are you going to gawk all day trainer, or will this battle end today?” Alessandra taunted, drumming her fingered on the monitor, the base quieting slightly.

O-okay, It’s three to two, her favor. And one of my Pokémon is sleeping…BUT, one of her Pokémon is extremely weak, and my last Pokémon is a dragon! I can still pull a victory from this yet!

“Go, Salamence!” I commanded, as a giant blue and red beast emerged from the reddish glow of the pokeball’s light. Never before had I stood this close to a dragon before. If I thought Sandy’s Charzard was intimidating, this took it to an extreme. From her rough outer coating to the sharp tips of her wings, it was clear she was only meant for one task. Her legs stood poised, proudly displaying the muscular build all draconic beings were known to possess. She roared upon being released, shaking the foundations of the gym, and unnerving me to my core. Never before had I been in command of such a beast, and I felt it’s power with every oversized breathe of air she inhaled.

Try this out for size, ‘Allesandra’!

“Salamence! Use Draco Meteor!” I commanded, striking my best deadly smile.

“Ice beam…” Sandy droned, appearing almost…bored?

A light beam hit the dragon unceremoniously, and Salamence crashed on her side, unconscious.

WHAT!? That was it!? H-how…!?

‘With my FIST in your FACE and your FACE on the floor!’ The base exclaimed, suddenly turning up in intensity.

“Well? Don’t make me wait Josh; you’ll find I’m very impatient…” Sandy smirked, cracking her fingers together.

“Y-you’ve won.” I shook my head in disbelief. Not in her victory, but in the realization I didn’t know WHY she won. I couldn’t reason why her strategies worked, or why my calculations in this arena were somehow fundamentally flawed. This had never happened before – not my loss of course, but an error in my formulas. Were their unknown variables I hadn’t…or couldn’t consider?

“Not yet…” She purred, playing with an ultraball. “You still have one Pokémon left.”

“All three of my Pokémon are unconscious.”

“Yes, but one is still capable of fighting.”

“…you want me to send out my sleeping Infernape? It’s ASLEEP! It can’t withstand-”

“-Doesn’t matter.” Sandy interrupted. “The battle isn’t over until all Pokémon on one side cannot battle.”

I’ve already lost. Why was she doing this?

‘Bet you got the message now…’

“Go…Infernape?” With no other option, I tossed Infernape’s Pokéball onto the field. Infernape appeared laying down, in a deep, almost comma like rest. I waited for Sandy to make a move – order Porygon Z to obliterate it with a Hyper Beam, or that oh-so-powerful Psyshock I had seen earlier. Surely a psychic move of that magnitude would knock out the fighting type Infernape.

But…Sandy just stood there, not making a sound. I waited for the end, but after a moment passed and nothing had happened, I shot her a confused look. She shrugged and smiled in return.

‘’Cause I was never going…’

…She’s TOYING with me…!

“Infernape, WAKE UP!” I shouted, loathe to give Sandy the satisfaction of watching me struggle, but also not wanting to stand at her mercy. The Infernape didn’t move.

“INFERNAPE. WAKE UP and use Close Combat!” I ordered. The Infernape stirred, but still was not awoken. I heard sandy snicker, causing me to blush. This was the last resort of any trainer, of course. It was humiliating and it hurt my pride, but I reasoned it was better than nothing.

“INFERNAAAAPE!” I cried, mustering the loudest yell I could to overpower the drone of the bass. The Infernape’s eyes shot open, and they darted around the room in recognition.

“Oh hey, look, you did it.” Sandy smiled condescendingly.

“Infernape! Use Close Combat, NOW!” I commanded with the same forceful tone as before. I waited for Sandy to counter my move, but she remained strangely silent.

What is she doing!?

“Nape-feeeern!” The Infernape cried as he smashed his limbs mercilessly against the Porygon. The Porygon squeaked out a quick series of unintelligible sounds before collapsing to the ground.

“Oh nooo…” Sandy rolled her eyes, returning the fainted Porygon to her Pokeball, then tossing another one without thought. The Smeargle from before appeared, and it looked even more exhausted then before.

“Close Combat again, Infernape!”

The Smeargle prepared a Detect, before shooting a confused look at Sandy. Sandy simply shook her head, and the Smeargle sighed sadly and winced.

What is she doing!? Why isn’t she using Detect or spore, like she did before!?

Predictably, Infernape’s fists slammed against the Smeargle, knocking him unconscious. Infernape stood over his defeated opponent, and shot a challenging gaze at Sandy.

“Send out your last Pokémon.” I spoke, with an air of false confidence.

“How are you feeling?” She sneered, the music mysteriously turning itself down.

“What?”

“Think you got this?”

“What do you mean?”

“Well, it’s one to one. Your Pokémon is at full health.”

“And?”

“Wouldn’t you say it was anyone’s game?”

What…what are you doing, Sandy?

“I…I don’t know. I don’t understand your methods.” I admitted.

“Few do.” She smirked, one final time. “Go, Ditto!”

I WON! Ditto’s need one turn to transform, and instead of transforming into a new Infernape, that Ditto will transform into MY Infernape, with all of his stat drops from using Close Combat! It’s defense will be two stages lowered – meaning at 50%! While it transforms, my Infernape can knock it out with one final

Close Combat. Even if she’s faster, she still needs a turn to transform, which gives me the opening I need!

The bass cranked suddenly came back, filling the arena with its heavy ear bursting rock.

‘’Cause one of us is goin’…’

“Infernape!” I directed, smiling confidently for once during this match.

“Ditto!” Sandy ordered, with practiced poise and precession.

“Use Close Combat!” We echoed simultaneously.

“ONE OF US IS GOIN’ DOWWWWN!”

W-what’s she doing!? Ditto has no limbs; it hasn’t transformed yet!

“Ferna!” Infernape screeched, sprinting towards the half-formed glob.

“Ditaaah!” In one swift motion, the Ditto launched itself upwards, becoming a mirror match of my Infernape, and socking my Infernape with a punch straight to the jaw. Unrelenting, the now fully-formed Infernape followed through ruthlessly with a series of kicks and punches, until finally knocking my Infernape to the ground.

NO!

“F…fuh..” My Infernape collapsed, eyes closed in admission of defeat.

No…

I looked up to see Sandy smirking in amusement. She began turning some dials on her monitor. The bass suddenly died down, and I realized she was the one controlling the disjointed, loud music. Did she really beat me while mixing and controlling those songs? Did she even try? I thought I was good, but compared to her…

“I…I don’t understand…” I admitted solemnly in defeat.

“Don’t be so hard on yourself.”

Those were the last words I expected to hear from Alesandra. I knew she liked this – I knew she liked confusing and destroying her opponents. I knew she liked leaving me confused, and taunting me; giving me hope until the last second, then yanking it away, and watching me crumble under her watchful eye.

Why was she being nice?

“I’ve had years of experience, Josh.” She stepped down from the podium, and walked towards me. “I was born for this. I’ve been doing this all my life – I even was homeschooled just so I would have more time to battle. Of course the first time we battle I’ll use some tricks you might not know.”

I nodded, still troubled and confused. I had wanted to do this all my life, yet she ran circles around me. I had no trouble admitting defeat to a clearly superior opponent, but it bugged me I couldn’t learn from my defeat.

Sandy caught the look in my eye. “Hey now, no being a sore loser!”

“What? I’m no sore loser!” I tried to grin, but faltered. “I just…you’re totally out of my league-”

“I am pretty hot…” She interrupted, tossing her hair to the side. “But hey, you’re not too bad yourself!”

“That’s not what I meant and you know it.” I deadpanned.

“I know.” She smiled an honest, caring smile. “And I know your dream. I know you’re not a sore loser, I know you’re upset because you don’t understand my methods.”

“Yeah!” I grinned, satisfied she understood my confusion. “Could you perhaps teach-”

“Of course.” She interrupted. “There’s a lot of stuff I did, so we’ll have to start from the beginning.” She went to the ditto, and placed her hand outstretched near its head. An odd, wet sounding gurgle escaped the Ditto, and a blue bandanna similar to the one the Smeargle was wearing slid out of the Ditto’s core. Sandy pulled it free, wincing momentarily at the bandanna’s less than stellar appearance.

“Josh, do you know what this is?”

“…a…bandanna?” I answered questioningly, knowing I was probably wrong. Sandy shook her head and smiled.

“We have some work to do…” She laughed, grabbing me by the waist, and wiping her Ditto-juice covered bandanna on my shirt.

###

(Nova POV)

"We did it!"

"We’re the best!"

"Finding stuff experts!"

"Team DarkFire!"

"Woohoo!"

Myst and I laughed, collapsing in front of the Pokémon center in exhaustion. It took us most of the day, but we finally found it. The large building was quite the site, and it was a symbol of our heroic victory, and a trophy of our successful quest.

"Hah…" Myst panted in a mixture of laughter and fatigue. "…so…now what?"

"I don’t know." I admitted, giggling slightly in acknowledgement that I didn’t plan on us actually succeeding. "Now that I’ve got my fish, I don’t know what to do with it!"

"What?" Myst shook her head in confusion.

"Once," I smiled. "When I was younger, I was playing at a lake one time. It was really pretty, but at the time, I guess I wasn’t really paying much attention. I was splashing in the water, and for some reason, I wanted to catch a fish. It took hours, but eventually I got one. It stared flopping all around, and it was pretty scary, so I dropped it back in the lake."

Myst grinned in amusement. "Why did you try catching the fish in the first place?"

"I don’t know!" I giggled. "It was just one of those things, you know? Like a challenge, to see if I could, I guess. But when I had it-"

"You didn’t know what to do with it." Myst finished, smiling in comprehension.

"Yeah."

We sat in silence for a moment outside of the large building. Now that we were here, the same question was on our minds, but neither of us had an answer.

Now what?

"I, um," I volunteered myself the first to break the silence. "I know a bit about Pokémon centers. I could show you around if you wanted. You’ve never been in one, right?"

"Well, no, not really." Myst admitted.

"Okay! I can show you around then!"

"Www…" Myst made an odd sound, then fell silent.

"What?"

"W…well…" Myst began, "I…I don’t know. I don’t…like the idea of being inside a human building…I guess. The restaurant wasn’t too bad, but here, without my-, err, our trainer…" She trailed off.

"OH! I understand! You’re closet-phobic!"

"What?"

"Closet-phobic! You’re afraid of small spaces!"

"N-no I’m not. I’ve hidden in spaces MUCH smaller then that-" Myst pointed to the rather large pokecenter. "-and haven’t been afraid. In fact, I’m not afraid of anything, especially closets." Myst stated proudly.

"Then why don’t you want to go in?" I asked, taking a page from Static’s book when he used to taunt me about my fears.

Myst fell silent.

"Come on! If you don’t like it, we can leave. Okay?"

"Promise?" Myst rubbed her front paws together apprehensively.

"Promise. Let’s go! Team FireDark!"

"That’s DarkFire to you, recruit." Myst bumped me playfully in the side. "And don’t you forget it!"

###

Huge. Mind bendingly large, with shiny crystal things on the ceiling precariously hung on a thin piece of wire. From the inside, the Pokémon center was an enormous space, filled with flawless white marble and strong looking, perfectly sculpted columns. I promised Myst I would show her around, but to be honest, I probably felt more out of place then she did.

"Wow." Myst mumbled, looking around in awe.

"May I help you?" Another voice entered our consciousness. We both jolted at the sudden intrusion, then adjusted our Pokespeaks back to the public speak option. Looking up, we noticed the man at the counter was speaking to us.

"W-what?" I stuttered, still not fully recovered from his sudden presence.

"Do you need healing? Are you looking for rooms?" The man enquired calmly.

"N-not yet, our trainer is still battling at places. Plus we, um, we don’t have money…"

"The hotel cost in included in the cost of the ticket. Assuming your trainer got here, he or she has a ticket, yes?"

"Yeah, he has a ticket!" I remembered.

"I figured." The man smiled warmly. "If you can give me your names, I’ll put them in the computer. When your trainer comes by, he’ll see he already has a room reserved, and he’ll see your names inside. Is that okay?"

"Mmhmm!" I nodded enthusiastically. "Thank you so much!"

"Not at all; happy to be of service." The man bowed politely. "Now, what are your names?"

"Nova!" I recalled, happy at my name. I waited a moment for Myst to say hers, but she remained strangely silent. I turned to her, and she had her head placed on the floor, and looked very…unnerved. "…a-and this is Myst!" I said after a moment of hesitation.

"Nova and Myst. Excellent, you are in our database. Here is your key," The man handed me a small card that I recognized as the strange hotel keys. "And enjoy your stay."

"Will do mister, thanks so much!" I chimed, and walked off with Myst. Our room was 114, which, from following the doors, I knew was close by. I turned to Myst again, who was walking behind me with her tail between her legs.

"Are you okay?" I asked, concerned.

"Ironic that our places would be altered so quickly." She laughed hollowly.

"What’s wrong?"

"C-can we get away from…everyone, first?"

"Sure. This is our room. Only we can get in, plus people we let in, of course."

I put the card in the slot in the door, and it opened magically like before.

I wonder if humans are just Pokemon, and their power is technology.

We entered the room, and it was just as nice as the entrance. There was a flawless marble bathroom, a giant television, two dark purple plush beds, and a giant window that was currently covered by two large, lavender curtains.

I shut the door, and looked at Myst. Her eyes were full of unease, and she shifted uncomfortably from foot to foot.

"So, um, are you closet-phobic?" I prodded.

"No, it’s not about the closet!" She snapped, then instantly looked apologetic. "Sorry, I didn’t mean-"

"-Don’t worry about it." I waved it off, and walked near one of the beds, pleased to see it had a small stepladder leading up to it for smaller Pokémon.

"Well, I mean, I know you’re sensitive; I shouldn’t have yelled."

"I’m used to it. It’s okay." I shrugged. I realized I probably should have worded that better when I saw Myst cringe. "Really, it’s fine!" I insisted when I saw her squirm.

"Regardless, I apologize." She fumbled. "Um, anyway, c-can you show me around the room?"

"Better! Get up here." I offered my hand, and helped pull her on top of the mattress. "Have you ever watched T.V. before?"

"No?" She questioned.

"It’s awesome! Sometimes if I was good, Matilda would let me watch it." I fumbled to my side, trying to reach the remote on the bedside table. After a moment or two I caught it with my paw, and pressed its power button.

"What does it do?" She turned to the television, interested in its sudden change and the increased volume in the room.

"It tells stories!" I exclaimed. "Anything you want. I can’t read well, but I can a little bit from watching so much."

"You can read?" Myst stared at me, mildly impressed.

"Mmhmm!" I nodded happily.

"Cool. Go on."

"Uh, yeah, anyway, it can play any story you want. It can be silly, serious, scary, fun, happy, romantic, cartoony…"

"How intriguing…" Myst thought quietly.

"Is there anything you want to watch? Or do you want to talk about why you were…"

"Were…" She stared, daring me to finish my thought.

I gulped. "…troubled….earlier."

"I…I don’t know. Perhaps it is due to all of this unfamiliarity." She began. "People everywhere, Pokémon everywhere, and they can all see me. I’m use to illusions to cover my tracks, but here where it’s okay to be seen I just feel lost. I feel open. I don’t…I don’t like it." Myst shuddered and wrapped a paw around me. I was surprised, but I returned the embrace nonetheless. She sighted softly, and nuzzled me in my chest with the tip of her nose.

"Anyway, entertain me with this device! You said any story, right?" She chimed, suddenly brighter.

"Well, maybe not everything, but like, every-"

"I would like something funny and amorous."

"Um, okay!" I turned to the television. "R…omantic…" I typed slowly on the remotes rather clunky interface. "…C…omedy…"

A list appeared of different movies, and I selected one at random which looked amusing.

"Oh." Myst thought suddenly. "They’re of humans?"

"Most are." I shrugged. "I should have told you. Sorry, I guess I’m just use to it."

"It’s fine.". Myst snuggled closer to me. This wasn’t like her. I expected her to break off the embrace instantly as soon as we hugged, saying something like ‘Don’t tell Static’ or ‘This never happened’ or something, but she…hadn’t. I didn’t mind the closeness, but it did strike me as odd that she was being so…

Trusting?

I turned on Pokespeak subtitles, and laid back with Myst. She put her paws around me like before, and curled her head into my chest. It was a pleasant sensation – I wasn’t use to the feeling of warmth she gave off while we snuggled. After a few moments I gave in, and rested my head on her as well. It felt like a warm pillow, filled with smooth, silky fur. I felt her breath against my chest, tickling my orange tinted coat with each exhale.

I looked at the clock on the bed stand. It was a bit past four, which would give us a few more hours before we needed to meet with Josh again. I smiled content. This was exactly where I wanted to be – watching television with a friend, without scary things. A quiet, enjoyable evening.

###

(Myst POV)

Bored, boring, bored, extremely, unyieldingly, irreversibly-

“Hey Myst, how are you liking the movie?”

“It’s great!”

“Cool.” Nova smiled, and snuggled back against me. I sighed soundlessly, with seething irritation.

‘I’m a thief!’ I thought, frustrated. ‘I take what I desire!’

I looked back at Nova as he giggled at the people acting in the moving picture. I looked over him, making sure to cast a subtle illusion over my eyes, so Nova didn’t catch my wandering gaze. He was smooth for a fire-breather – most were jagged and rough, but he was curved and soft against my quiet stare. He had fur, unlike his kin who normally were more reptilian.

He wasn’t brave. He wasn’t particularly strong, or courageous. Why did I feel this way about him?

‘It doesn’t matter.’ I reasoned to myself. ‘Any object worth wanting is worth having, if you have the skills at your disposal to obtain it…’

I prodded his chest with my snout, to get his attention.

“Mmmm?” He paused the movie, and turned his attention to me. “What’s up?”

“Oh sorry, I just, um, thought I needed to sneeze.” I lied, my mind racing.

“Okay.” He flipped the movie back on.

I CHOKED. I never choke! What is wrong with me!?Augh, now if I poke him again I’ll look like a fool!

Nova shifted slightly, and leaned further into one of the pillows, sighing contently. I mirrored his move, but made a fatal error in misjudging the distance, and fell comfortably beside him…

…on my back.

Damn! Damn, damn, damn!

“Are you okay like that?” Nova asked adorably.

“Yeah, it’s comfortable.” I can’t move! “Plus I can see the screen better.” This is humiliating!

“Okay.” Nova hummed happily, directing his attention back to the screen. I ground my teeth, bent on, for once, overcoming my disability through sheer willpower.

Turn, damnit! This isn’t that HARD, you can make your illusions do it! You know how it would work, just shift your body…!

After lying prone for minutes with no results, I begrudgingly accepted my fate as a glorified paperweight. I never knew why I had such trouble with this; even from birth I needed help to roll over. Perhaps it was the same mutation that affected my eyes, or perhaps an outside influence severed a crucial muscle, but whatever the reason, I loathed it with every fiber of my being.

I suppose there are worse places to be helpless, though…

I looked over at Nova, who was clearly enjoying himself. Every few moments he would laugh, filling the air with his innocent, perfect chime. Afterwards, he would turn to me, (TURN! Auugh how I envied him!) and look at me with those perfect blue spheres that reminded me of the ocean he feared so much. He would ask if I understood the reason for his mirth; the laughter that has so previously filled the room. Of course I would say yes, even though I didn’t. It was likely I wouldn’t have understood even if I was paying attention, and not wondering why I was suddenly more cowardly then him when the prospect came to stealing what I desired most in this flourished, lavender room.

I wasn’t fearful. Humans in large quantities unnerved me, but not to the extent I described to Nova earlier. I wanted him to empathize with me; to see me as closer to him than the others, which was the reason behind my façade. But this…this wasn’t fake.

Why is this so difficult!?

More than anything, I felt hot. The room wasn’t stuffy, but with the lazy sunlight pouring through the window, and Nova’s warm fur brushing against mine, I felt my eyelids threaten to drop. The moving picture Nova cared for so much was doing little to keep me awake…

I will not fall asleep…it would not only be rude to Nova, it would ruin the chance I have now!

I couldn’t move anything but my limbs. If given enough time, I may have been able to use the momentum from rocking my legs back and forth to turn over, but Nova would have laughed at me. Instead, I laid back, immobile.

My inaction wasn’t due to my disability…I would like to believe it was, but I knew better. If it was, I wouldn’t have been able to tell Nova how I felt. I wouldn’t have been able to grab his muzzle and lure him into that first intoxicating, slow kiss. I wouldn’t have been able to force kiss after kiss on the muddled but intrigued Charmander, bending him to my voracious, ravenous hunger for his sweet, confused embrace…

…all those things I could do, but none of those things I did. Instead, sleep claimed me for one of its own, and I fell into a troubled, annoyed slumber...

*246*2013-05-23 03:41

(Static POV)

What an awesome day!

The sun was shining, Skarr was gone, and I was ready to have some fun. If I could find any, that is…

Why does everything have to be so big?

I wandered aimlessly around trying to find any of the attractions Josh was telling us all about earlier. He hinted that there were several Pokémon-only activities, but I couldn’t find a single one. I was annoyed, but something else too. I wished I was with Josh. Even boring stuff he would make entertaining. I kicked a rock. Nearby, a Meowth walked out of a nearby alleyway.

Wait. I should try asking other Pokémon where the fun stuff is!

Excited by my new idea, I dashed over to the Meowith. The Meowth looked me over with a cool, uninterested gaze.

“Hey, um, excuse me!” I waved to get his attention, and received only a bored blink in reply. “Um, yeah. I was wondering if you knew where the fun stuff was!”

“Fun?” He questioned. For a second, his eyes green eyes sparkled with interest. “That depends on your definition of fun.”

“What else!? Battling!”

Now he was interested. His eyes shone with interest, and his tail swung back and forth. “I know a place. Any humans with you?”

“No?”

The Meowith quickly shot a glance to the left and right, then nodded satisfied. “Yeah, I’ll show you a battle you’ll never forget. Follow me!”

He dashed back into the alleyway. I bounded after him, until we reached the end. He smirked.

“Where do we go now?” I asked.

“Down.” The Meowith pointed at a Manhole cover in the ground. “I know you won’t tell anyone, but there aren’t actually sewers here. Everything just get flushed into the ocean.”

“Then what’s the sewer-hole thing for, then?”

“There’s a beautiful cave next to the cliff that overlooks the ocean. It’s perfect for sightseeing… and for the battles I know you’re after.”

“Awesome!” I grinned.

Meowth made an ‘after you’ motion with his paws, and I happily climbed down the rather narrow passageway. The ladder went down quite a while before ending up in a poorly lit room. I could make out a few other Pokémon there, along with a small exit. Judging on the light pouring in from the exit, I assumed that was close to the cliff side.

I earned a few nods from the other Pokémon before stepping out into the exit, and thus a larger room. It was built like an arena. The circular stage had a large, seven foot wall around the stage, and above that were rows and rows of chairs. All sorts of Pokémon sat in them, from Koffings to Purrloins. I watched in happy awe at the sheer size of the field. What kind of battles did they have here?

“Snivel? Is that you?”

Every happy emotion I was experiencing was instantly drained away. The fur on the back of my neck crawled on end, and heavy sweat began to coat my forehead. My breath quickened. No one knew me by that name. That was my old name – back when I was still wild, back before Josh – back when I was still a member of the wild Pikachu.

I didn’t dare turn around. There was only one person that sounded like that. That hardened, dead, scratchy voice. It was different now, but it was unmistakable. No one else sounded like that.

I forced myself to turn, dreading it with every cell in my body. I saw him. He was different now – a Raichu. He looked terrible. Dark circles surrounded his eyes, casting a sickly shadow on his already dark forest green eyes. He looked underfed, yet muscular. His fur was grayer then it should have been – he was only a few years older than me – and he had several patches where he simply didn’t have fur. Some of it looked burnt off, and others looked like it had been torn. One of his ears was only half there, and was poorly stitched to prevent further damage. The normal swirls around his wrists were pointed and jagged, and collections of scars adorned his intimidating frame.

“I never thought I would see you again. How’s it going Sniv?” The Raichu approached me, carelessly ignoring my obvious fear.

“N-not bad. H-how about you, Rough?” I gulped.

“It’s OverDose now.” OverDose spat. I cringed as the Raichu towered over me, paw in fist.

“I, um, I see...” I stumbled.

“Small world. Once clan members, then we were torn. Thrown across the world by humans for a little prank. They would have killed us if not for the

Treaty.”

“Treaty?” I asked, terrified yet curious.

“You shall not harm non-hostile Pokemon.” Overdose ground his teeth. “Now that we weren’t a threat, they couldn’t touch us. Technically. They could move us, however. And that they did. Stranded me on this shitty piece of ROCK.” Overdose stomped his foot into the ground, enlisting a rumble from the earth.

“I’m sorry for that…” I mumbled, trying to squeeze away.

“That’s not the worst part, though. Do you know what was?” I shook my head, and OverDose brought his face inches from mine, until I felt the heat of his breath on my face. It was rancid. “They didn’t know of our hiding spot. The cops that found us. Only we did. The humans wouldn’t have found us without help.”

“H-how do you-”

“Only one of us left the group, Snivel.” His breath burned against my eyes.

“That’s not true-”

“Everyone else came back but you.”

“I didn’t-”

“You’re a BAD LIAR, SNIVEL!” A fist caught me in my gut, and sent me to the ground. In a second I was back up, electricity sparking from my cheeks.

“YOU WANT TO GO!?” I yelled, as intimidating as I possibly could. “You think I’m as helpless as I was before!? You think you showed strength, defeating a defenseless low level like me!? I’d like to see you try now!”

“Not like this.” OverDose commanded. He pointed vaguely at the stage, and two purple Pokémon with gems for eyes darted before me. The first one raced at me with a purple claw oozing with a black poison. I sidestepped him and send a stream of electricity at the second. His gemstone eyes gleamed a second before he was hit, and instantly he appeared before me, and bashed my head with the side of his claw.

I reeled, then dodged another blow from the first strange Pokémon. It struck again, and I narrowly avoided its acid cloaked claws as I felt the wind of the attack brush against my fur. I retaliated with a strike of my own, as the orange fighting energy covered my fist and struck straight inside the purple Pokémon.

“What!?” I screeched, and pulled my paw free from inside the mysterious Pokémon. Its gems gleamed suddenly as it cackled. Something hit me from behind, and everything went dark…

###

“…not responding…”

“n….don….will….”

“It….he’s….”

“It’ll work. It always does.”

Suddenly, I was conscious. Invigorated. I didn’t know where I was until I quickly looked around, and I realized I was once again in the arena…except this time in the middle. One of the weird purple Pokémon was at my sides, and he was holding a now-empty reddish syringe. I struck at him instinctively, but he vanished into mist as soon as my fist got to him

“Don’t be mad at them. It’s you and me who have a score to settle, Snivel.”

“Don’t call me that!” I growled fiercely.

Where did that come from?

I was terrified of OverDose. He was the one that broke the group, that beat me up at the orchard, and that caused a massive power outage in the human city. Why…why did I suddenly feel angry instead of scared?

“Fight me then, alone, you coward!” I hissed, suddenly furious.

“I intend to, but this will not be a normal fight. History lesson, Sniv.” OverDose grinned an evil smirk as he extended his arm to the left. “Pokémon didn’t use to faint before. Hundreds of years ago, Pokémon would fight to the death with their powers. Only after the Legendary Ones put limits on our abilities did we faint instead of die. This allowed us to learn from our mistakes, and get stronger and wiser.”

“Who cares!?” I growled.

One of the gem-eyed Pokémon carrying a full syringe spawned next to Overdose, and injected him with a the strange red fluid.

“Because humans are clever…” Overdose twitched as the fluid was injected into his veins. He sighed suddenly, and shook his head. “T-they found a way of…bypassing…the restrictions placed on us. Though a virus, and a mixture of other, fun chemicals.” OverDose’s pupils widened as he smirked.

I panted suddenly, and was overcome with heat. Sweat soaked my coat, and I looked at the small hole in my arm again. “W-what did you put into me!?”

“Just something to ensure you won’t faint again. I want to make sure you’re awake for this…” Overdose flicked his wrist, and it cracked horribly. I was filled with anger, but my fear was slowly overpowering it, especially at the realization the anger wasn’t my own.

What did they put in me!?

“I’m looking forward to smearing you all over the walls, Snivel.” Overdose shuddered as the strange purple Pokémon injected him a second, then third time. “I can’t wait to show you, in explicit detail, what happens to garbage like you. I’ll kill you, and smear your blood in the sands of the arena, for all to see and smell! Garbage little BITCH!”

He charged.

###

By the time I raised my hands in defense, it was already too late, I left his paw smash into my jaw, sending me reeling on the floor. I bounded up instantly, electricity crackling around me.

“Cha!” I shouted, and raced back at him, with both my arms igniting with fighting energy. He smirked as I bounded towards him, and blocked my first punch with his muscular arm. In a fraction of a second, I punched him in his gut and side, both fists acting like pistons, and firing off at blinding speeds. I felt my arms move faster than they ever had before, and I felt a moment of clarity as I was attacking.

I’m being reckless! I’ve never used Brick Break with both paws, especially this close at range! This…this isn’t right. This isn’t even the same attack. I’m using Close Combat! B-but I thought Josh said I couldn’t learn-

An oversized paw smashed into my muzzle, and I flew across the stage before skidding to a halt. My vision blurred, but I didn’t feel weakened by the attack like I usually did.

Did…did that even do damage?

I tested my jaw, and found it…hurt. Attacks weren’t supposed to hurt. They just did damage, and made me faint. Why…why was I starting to hurt?

“Rai!” Overdose shouted, jumping into the air. His paw shone with fighting energy, and erupted into what looked like a comet. I dashed to the side, narrowly avoiding Overdose’s attack. I looked back to see a crater where I was standing.

What WAS that!?

“RAI!” Overdose feigned a punch which I dodged, then bounced up and kicked me with both legs. I bounced off the gritty floor before flipping myself back to standing. I panted, my cheeks crackling with unused electricity.

“I’m going to enjoy this…” Overdose growled, walking menacingly towards me.

“Chaaa!” I screeched. Suddenly the lights went dim as the strongest wave of electricity I had ever summoned came crashing down on Overdose. I had never seen a bolt of electricity this large before in my life, not even in natural thunderstorms. It crashed against Overdose, and all the sand in the arena blasted back from the resulting sonic blast.

Overdose grinned, still in the epicenter of the strike. He looked completely unscathed.

“WHAT!?” I screamed out loud.

“You have much to learn, Static. Shame you never will.” Overdose grinned, and summoned the same lightning bolt I did, but this time it was even larger. It smashed against my chest, singeing my fur and sending me soaring across the arena, and into the surrounding concrete wall.

It took me a second, but I finally managed to begin breathing again. I crawled out of the wall, and then fell to the floor.

…why…why am I still conscious? I should have fainted two attacks ago…

I coughed, some red substance making its way to the sandy floor below. Across the stage, Overdose laughed.

“Well, get up then. I’m not done with you yet, you piece of shit.” Overdose ordered. The crowd cheered at Overdose’s crudeness, and egged him on to finish me off. I slowly rose to my feet, wiping what I realized was blood off of my muzzle.

As he ran towards me, I faked a head-butt before racing towards the wall, and bouncing off. My fist glowed orange once more, and I aimed it at Overdose’s face.

Too slow. Overdose caught my fist and pulled me out of the air. Using me like a mace, he swirled me around before smashing me into the ground.

Auughh…

I steadied myself with a paw just as a yellow blur smashed against my side. My core exploded in pain as I was sent reeling across the stage, before skidding to a halt in the unforgiving sands.

The crowd roared in approval. I whimpered slightly, clutching my chest in agony. Whatever he just did hurt much worse than anything before, and judging by the crowds response, it was likely their favorite move. I looked up to see Overdose walking towards me cockily, swirling his tail around like a whip. I recognized the yellow blur now – it was the thunderbolt at the end of his tail.

“Now don’t just lay there, Sniv. At least look like you’re putting up a fight.” Overdose grinned, walking ever closer to me.

Why does this hurt…? Battling…battling shouldn’t hurt…

He picked me up, and smashed his fist into my gut before throwing me back to the floor.

“Come on, you piece of garbage!” Overdose spat. I gagged on the floor, and steadied myself with a paw, trying to see if I could still put weight on any of my limbs. “There you go. See? Easy.”

He lifted me up the rest of the way, and then grabbed me by the fur on my chest. I looked at him in the eyes…at this point, it felt like one of the only things I could do.

“I’m going to enjoy this, Snivel.” Overdose grinned, his other paw glowing with orange energy.

“…What happened to you, Rough?” I whispered, barely able to talk. My question caught him off guard, and he took a step back.

“What?”

“What happened to you?” I repeated, struggling not to choke on my bile. “Was life really so bad here that it did this to you? W…was it your trainer?”

Overdose looked at me with an unreadable expression. “My trainer has nothing to do with this. He feeds me and allows me to fight. What more can you expect from a human?”

“You know there’s more than just that…you know that, Rough, as much as I do.”

“You know? You think you know!? You want to act like you know, you little garbage ass BITCH!?”

Overdose threw me aside, then caught me with a whip of his tail. He hit me in the same side, and I felt the all too familiar pain of ten-thousand volts coursing through my being in the same second. I bounced across the merciless floor immobile, as Overdose screamed at me once more.

I could barely move. My paws only shook when I tried to stand again, and I couldn’t lift my head. I could hear Overdose walking closer to me, shouting something about ‘what I thought I knew’. All I knew was pain. I felt the fur on the back of my neck being grabbed, and Overdose lifted my face off the ground, then grinded it back into the sand.

“YOU WANT TO ACT LIKE YOU KNOW, YOU PIECE OF SHIT!?”

Overdose lifted my head once more, and smashed it into the ground. Still grabbing me, he drug my face across the sandy floor. I would have screamed if I could – it felt like fire as the sands tore across my skin. Blood seeped out of the wounds that the sand created, and the resulting sand got mixed in with the blood on my face.

“I’m going to BREAK YOU.”

He smashed my face against the ground, and I heard my nose crack against the floor. My nose bent at an unnatural angle, and this time I was able to scream.

“And then…when I’m through with you…”

He tossed me aside, and I fell limp to the floor.

“Then you’ll know what it’s like…”

He jumped into the air.

“TO BE ME!”

I felt his hind legs crunch into my back, as the earth around me exploded into fragments. Rocks flew to the sides, and everything went black as I screamed in agony.

###

(Josh POV)

"Skarr, I can’t believe you."

Skarr preened himself in embarrassment, as we all stood in a circle outside the Pokemon Center. All of us were here except for Static and Myst, though Nova explained Myst was sleeping inside our room. It was nine pm, and Skarr just admitted to leaving Static to his own devices as he took a nap on a roof.

"I trusted you to look after him!" I scolded Skarr. Skarr refused to match my gaze, and stared at the floor guiltily. "That was the deal. You guys could all go out if you kept an eye on each other! Augh…" I put a hand to my forehead. "I knew this was a bad idea…"

“Josh.” Sandy put a calm, reassuring hand on my shoulder. “He’ll be fine. He’s probably just messing around and lost track of time. We’ll find him, relax.”

“I know we’ll find him Sandy, but when? Hours, days? What if he’s hurt, or doesn’t know how to get back?”

“Well, that’s why we’ll start looking now.” Sandy cleared her throat, then reverted to her Pokespeak. "Okay, listen up. Skarr! Remember this area. You’re going to do a fly-by of the park to look for Static. Wigglytuff! You go with Nova, and patrol to the south. Don’t leave each other’s side! Josh, you take the east part of the park, and I’ll take the west. If none of us find him, then one of us will go to the north, while the others go to the areas we’ve already explored. If he comes back to the room-"

"I left Myst a note to tell Static to stay there if he comes back." Nova nodded.

"Good." Sandy commended. "Alright, everyone knows what they’re going to do. Josh, are you okay?"

"…Yeah." I lied, nodding sharply. "Unless you are WITH STATIC, everyone be back here at ten pm, no exceptions. Let’s go."

###

(Nova POV)

"…"

"What?"

"…This is stupid."

"What!? Looking for Static?" Wigglytuff yelped, glaring at me. She grew twice in size, and placed her tiny paws at her hips in fury.

"No. No! That wasn’t what I meant!" I gulped, trying to calm her down. She let out her breath, and resumed her normal, but still larger-than-average size.

"Oh. What are you talking about then?" She inquired.

"The way we’re looking for him is stupid. You LIVE at this park. You’ve been here all your life, with Sandy, right?"

"Yeah? So?"

"Then you know this place pretty well, right?" I reasoned.

"Well...yeah." Wigglytuff nodded.

"Then you should be exploring by yourself. You don’t need someone to walk with you; you’re not going to get lost here."

"…You’re right." She squinted, confused. "…Wait, no one is looking to the north. Why didn’t they send one of us this way, and one of us to the north?"

"They’re worried about me." I rolled my eyes. "They think I need someone to look after me, so they sent you."

"Well, you are kind of a cry baby." Wigglytuff shrugged.

"Thanks…do you want to find Static or not?"

"Of course I do!"

"Okay, then listen here. You go to the north and look for him. I’ll keep going this way. We’ll meet back at ten, and this way we’ll cover the whole park."

"Are you sure that’s a good idea?"

"No." I admitted.

Wigglytuff looked me over eyeing me cautiously. She then shrugged, and hugged me quickly. "Fine. Stay safe!" She yelled behind her shoulder as she ran to the north.

“I’ll try…” I muttered. Luckily, this time I made a mental note of the Pokecenter, so I wouldn’t get lost as easily.

I hope…

###

I shivered as a small chill grew in the air. The breeze blew past my coat, ruffling my bright orange fur. Behind me, my fire crackled dimly in the darkened streets.

“S-Static?” I tried to call out, but it was scarcely more than a whisper. The shadows on the buildings danced in synchrony to my movements, only summoned on the walls due to my tiny flame.

“S-Staatic?” I hated how whiny my voice sounded.

Man up! What would Josh say if he saw you cowering like this!? I mean, well actually he would probably say something comforting, like “It’s okay to be afraid, the important thing is facing your fear”, but that’s not important right now! Or is it? Augh…where am I?

I looked up, trying to get my bearings. I remembered the Pokecenter was to my…riiight? I think?

Crap.

Suddenly, the ground shook beneath my feet. I fell backwards, and scrambled upwards. Just as quickly, the tremor stopped. None of the buildings around me looked damaged, and there was no one around me to confirm what I just felt.

“H-hello? Anyone?”

I heard the slight ringing sound to my left. I turned, and saw a pitch black alleyway.

Nope.

I heard the ringing again.

Nope. Nuh-ah. There’s no way…

I shook, hard. That ringing was the only sound I had heard since leaving Wigglytuff, and as of now, was my only lead. I took a shaky breath.

Bravery. Courage. Do that thing you did at the grass gym.

I tensed up, but nothing happened. The ringing didn’t happen again.

Oh my god that’s so scary. There could be…ANYTHING…in that alley.

A thousand thoughts crossed my mind, from tentacle monsters, to flesh eating parasites, to zombies, or aliens, or anything that ever scared me. I whimpered quietly to myself.

I looked down, and noticed I was clutching my tail in fright.

Josh wouldn’t have this problem. Wiggly, Skarr, Myst, Sandy, OR Static wouldn’t have this problem. Why does it have to be me?

The ringing sound happened again, much more distinctly. I shied away from the alley.

Maybe…maybe I could just go back, and tell them what I’ve heard…

I took another step back. And another. I turned to go back to the Pokemon center, but stopped, and looked back one final time.

…Don’t go in there. Don’t do it. Something’s in there, SOMETHING was making that ringing sound. If you go in there, there is literally a 100% chance SOMETHING is there, waiting for you.

I closed my eyes, and ran in.

I’m going to die. Yup.

###

Total darkness. I breathed a steady flame before me, so I could see around myself. I was terrified, horrified, totally petrified with fear. I was hugging myself tightly, shaking as I walked further into the alleyway.

And then…I reached the end. There was nothing here.

“That’s it?” I said allowed. My arms fell to my sides, and I stopped shaking.

There…there was nothing here!

I heard the ringing once more, and looked down. A small circular metal thing shook slightly. I pushed on it with my foot, and it made the same ringing sound.

What is this thing? Is it a Pokémon?

I prodded it again, and it moves a little, revealing a bit of a passageway…straight down. I pushed it harder, but it was really heavy.

I bent down, and pushed it with all my strength. Slowly, it slid off the hole, or at least enough where I could fit. Fortunately there was a ladder. Into…the dark…scary…foreboding…hole.

Well, as long as my life is forfeit anyway…

I crouched down, and placed a hesitant paw on the first rung. Finding it stable enough, I placed a foot on the second, and slowly inched the rest of my body on the ladder.

Okay, so we know you ARE going to die…

I climbed down the ladder, creeping down at a snail’s pace.

But HOW exactly are you going to die?

I lost my footing, but was able to regain it quickly. I gulped, and shuddered at what could have happened.

Will it be quick?

I continued climbing down, trying not to cry in fear.

Or will it be slow and drawn out?

For some reason, I couldn’t climb down anymore. I looked down, and I noticed the ladder had ended, and I was standing on the ground. I let go of the ladder, and turned around.

I could hear…cheering. There was light, too. Hesitantly, I walked through the arch, into the strange, wide room.

###

(Overdose POV)

I grabbed the back of Snivel’s collar, and hoist him into the air, grinning the evil grin only the arena would allow. This was the moment I craved – the moment before the victory, where your opponent was completely at your mercy. The crowd roared in approval, and egged me on with shouts of ‘Finish him!’ and

‘Kill him!’ echoing through the air.

A small, fierce bass suddenly pumped into the arena, fueling me further with hatred. I flipped Snivel around, and caught him by the fur on his chest. He didn’t look back, and instead looked dully at the ground.

“Still think you know me, you little piece of shit?” I whispered, growling into Snivel’s ear.

“I…I don’t know who you are…” He hiccupped, trying to breathe normally.

“Damn right you don’t.” I threw him off me, and kicked him with both paws right in the gut. He flew a small ways before returning to the earth, no longer willing or able to shield himself from the impact. I calmly walked forward, and picked him back up. Snivel didn’t resist, and gurgled something and I hoisted him back into the air.

“Finish him!” The crowd roared.

“Think I’ll do it?” I grinned, forcing Snivel to look me in the eyes. He tried to escape my gaze, so I roughly twisted his neck, forcing him to match my eyes.

“Do you!?”

He convulsed, and looked back at me with wide, terrified eyes.

“WHEN YOU DIE…” I roared, exciting the crowd once more.

“I want you to know you failed. You didn’t protect anyone back then, five long years ago. I’m still alive, Snivel. And guess what?”

He struggled to breathe in my grasp.

“It won’t stop with you. I’ll find the rest – I’ll find all your friends, and bring them here too.”

The fear in his eyes turned to anger, as he feebly resisted my grasp.

“And it won’t stop with them either, you little bitch. Who do you care about most? A partner perhaps?”

He swung forward and tried to kick me, but I held him firmly in place.

“Who is it then?”

He growled, his fear replaced by wrath.

“Your trainer?”

A fist smashed into my eye, cloaked in dark energy. I stumbled back and tried to regain my footing just as another fist caught me in the jaw. Snivel raced at me again, surrounded in an aura of black energy. He bounded up with a combination of swirling darkness and electricity, and charged at me.

A second wind?

I caught him in midair, and introduced him back to the floor, with a satisfying crunch. He crawled back up, and I smashed him again with my foot.

“Yeaaaaah!” The crowd cheered in approval. “Kill him! Kill him! Kill him!” They chanted in unison, sending the echoes coursing through the arena’s cavern.

“You’re so uncreative!” I shouted back momentarily stunning the audience. “How should I kill him!?”

“Break him!” Someone in the audience yelled.

“Bleed him!”

“Smear him on the floor!”

“I have a better idea.” I growled, smiling to myself.

###

(Static POV)

Pain. I couldn’t remember a time where I was rid of it. All I felt, everything I experienced was shrouded in a haze of agony. I couldn’t stand. I couldn’t move. I could barely breath, and even then it was labored. Overdose…Rough…he was going to kill me. This was how I died.

“Hey Snivel?” Overdose commanded.

I couldn’t look up.

“You can’t swim.”

What?

“I remember throwing you into a lake, way back when. You sunk instantly, didn’t you?”

Y…yeah, I remember that…

“A Pokemon that can’t swim! I can’t believe your kind still exists!”

That’s…that’s not true anymore…

“I’m going to watch you drown, Snivel!”

Josh…

“Or better yet, I’m going to blast you into the sea!”

Josh taught me how to swim…

“Hyper beam style!”

It was one of the first things we learned together…

“Grab his paws!”

I felt myself being lifted by two opposing forces. I looked up meekly, to see Overdose standing in front of me. Two of the dark, gemstone Pokémon were holding me in place.

Josh…

I wanted to faint. I wanted to go unconscious, and have this pain all be over. I wanted to wake up, healed, and in Josh’s arms. I didn’t care about losing anymore; I just wanted to be home…

The lights in the cavern dulled, as I watched Overdose summon a large ball of light in his jaws. He turned to me and smiled, giving me one last look, full of unfiltered malice.

“I’ll see you in hell, Snivel.”

The white glow blasted into me, sending me soaring off into the sky. The heat of the attack ignited my fur, and superheated my flesh. Pain. Everywhere, and everything I could ever experience was torture, and once again I was able to scream as I flew out of the cave, and towards the open ocean. I heard someone scream back from the cavern, as my smoking body flew outwards, towards the sea.

“STAATTIIIIIIC!”

###

Is this…how flying Pokémon see?

I had been flying for almost five seconds. I spun lazily in the air, unable to control my body as the force from the blow slowly spun me around. As much as I loathed the thought, I forced myself to remain conscious.

I couldn’t move. Josh taught me to swim, but what good was swimming when you had no paws you could use to swim with?

I began falling.

The foreboding night waters were still, giving no hint to what may lie underneath. I had no choice, and I knew crashing into even water from this height would hurt badly. I couldn’t swim. I couldn’t move, and I could barely breathe. One more second, and I would crash into the black, icy waters. I closed my eyes, and did the only thing I could do.

I held my breath.

###

CRASH

I went under. The water was freezing, and the salt stung my eyes, but I firmly held my breath. I didn’t know how deep I went, but I couldn’t see the surface anymore. All I saw around me was blackness. There wasn’t any hint of light, or any creature under the waves. Calling it like midnight would be a lie, or the color of ink, because we can see those colors, or lack thereof. This was different. This wasn’t just black, it was the pure absence of color. There was nothing here. I couldn’t swim, or cry, or call for help. I was trapped, inside the pure blackness of the waves.

I felt a tugging sensation as I was pulled in one direction. The sensation got stronger and stronger, until suddenly, I saw light once more. My body broke free of the water, and I gulped down the air that I could now breathe.

It was night. The sky was black, and the water was black. I could see the shore, but it was far away…maybe more than a mile. I couldn’t swim…

I didn’t resist the water’s influence as it pushed and pulled me across the waves. Dead Mon’s float. It wasn’t swimming, but it was the first technique Josh taught me about staying above the waves. I thought it was stupid at the time, but now, it was the only thing I could do.

I don’t want to die…

I looked up at the night sky, and for once, maybe I saw what Josh always saw when he gazed at it. He would always describe it in such detail, like the glitter of the stars, and the cool light of the moon. I never appreciated it until now. I always though giving such detail to nature was stupid, and poetic. But now, all I wanted was to be on that shore, in his arms, and have him tell me all about the stupid moon. I wanted to be safe, but I knew I could never make it back to shore. The current was pushing me more and more into the ocean, and with nothing left to do but float, I couldn’t resist its influence.

Josh…

