Pretty Little Liars FanFic (Series) - Page 4

Author: freepostage

*076*2013-09-19 20:42

{{:

Great writing as always. This was absolutely perfect, what with the girls getting a chance to react towards one another.

Could I make a request towards the next chapter in line? Can you elaborate on the trooper's reaction towards Aria? I mean, in his place I would at the very least sport an unintentional "tent" down in the crotch . And what does Aria feel, now that her accident happened and she realizes exactly what she has done?

Thanks a lot and ever looking forward to reading more from you!

}}

I'm one step ahead of you, I have written almost the entire chapter with most of those components included :-P

*077*2013-09-24 20:53

Chapter 19: Final Chaper of the Community Service Scene (This will be a long one so strap in!)

Summary of the above Chapters: The girls are serving community service in orange jumpsuits because they were accused of murdering their friend Alison. Aria just had a full blown accident on the side of the road, Hanna is desperate to pee, and Emily is getting very full herself. Spencer has taken correct procations and is dealing with her bladder's needs just fine.

###

Still crouched down with hot pee dripping from her saturated jumpsuit, Aria looked up at the trooper and noticed he had completely taken his sunglasses off and was watching her with a look of sympathy and ... something else she couldn't identify. Discretely glancing at the trooper's crotch she noticed he had his right hand was jammed in his pocket but there was also a distinct lump in the crotch area. Aria was a little taken aback considering the state trooper pitching a tent over her accident, although honestly she really did not mind. Had he enjoyed watching her humiliating accident like she had enjoyed viewing Hanna's?

No, it couldn't be, she must be over-analyzing and reading into his expression far too much. While the trooper certainly could feel a stirring in his slacks watching this beautiful, tiny girl completely lose control, the giant pool of pee in front of his feet wasn't helping his own full bladder. He felt a sympathy spasm erupt through him and squeezed his penis to prevent any precious drops of urine from escaping, his eyes still locked on this soaking wet sexy girl. The vulnerability Aria must have felt was an extreme turn on for the trooper and he was overwhelmed with intense feelings of attraction and the compassionate need to comfort her.

The trooper reached his hand out to help Aria up, inspecting the obvious wet spot on her crotch as she was gently pulled to her feet. Leaning in closely, he whispered a genuine apology and explained that he could not leave his position to bring her inside to the restroom because the station was a bit understaffed that day. As soon as the other officer showed up the trooper promised to immediately take Aria to the restroom to be cleaned up and would provide her with a new, dry uniform.

The trooper took pity in her embarrassing accident and as a consolation he told Aria she could take a fifteen minute break from her community service duties and sit down on the side of the road until his relief showed up. The back of her uniform had a semi circle of wetness on it and even though she had tried to crouch down to reduce obvious wetness, there was still visible splash up on her thighs and a few stray rivers that had made it down her right leg. Grateful for a break and completely exhausted from trying to hold on to her strained bladder for so long, Aria sat down and immediately rested her head on her knees.

She was breathing heavily and couldn't decide if her deep breathing was from the sweltering heat or her recent public accident. Aria's soaked crotch was still warm, pee squishing out of her underwear, the dirt and leaves from the ground sticking to the bottom of her wet uniform. Surprisingly, she really wasn't all that embarrassed, only extremely relieved and pleasantly tingly downstairs. Wetting herself had actually felt, well...good, in an intriguing way. Although the brunette didn't enjoy having an audience for her accident and holding on to her water for so long was painful, the experience really was not much different than peeing through her bathing suit bottoms when she visited Spencer's lake house.

There were multiple times Aria was sunning her tight, toned body on the deck and needed to pee but didn't want to walk inside to the restroom, nor did she feel like to waltzing down to the lake to tinkle into the water. Aria would discretely let go right through her black booty short bikini bottoms and the pee would pour through the slats of her plastic chair onto the ground. The sensation she felt now was similar and each time she moved she could feel the scratchy material rub against her engorged clit.

Hanna stood mouth agape, not able to believe Aria had just soaked herself in front of an enormous audience of rush hour traffic. Aria's accident was much more public than Hanna's flood that only Aria had seen in the confines of her own bedroom. Just thinking back to that incident flushed her cheeks red and hot with embarrassment. Distracted by Aria's bladder explosion, Hanna felt her own bladder spasm dramatically, causing her to discretely cover her crotch with the trash bag to hide her hand thrust between her legs. Hanna's bladder was starting to throb, sending constant emergency signals, and while she didn't want to have an accident she had to admit that she was envious of Aria's empty bladder while her's was filled to the top. Her teeth swimming, Hanna bounced up and down, shifting her weight back and forth on each leg until the spasm passed. Able to remove her hand from her crotch, Hanna tried to get back to work and ignore her unbearable desperation.

Spencer had seen the entire spectacle and couldn't help but crack a small grin, shaking her head as she continued to stab at trash. While Aria was her friend, Spencer had always thought the accidents of her classmates were silly and borderline arousing, even as early as middle school. Anytime someone mentioned they needed to pee her ears perked up immediately and at times Spencer was known to prolong someone's desperation or at the very least tease them with waterfall noises. Of course Spencer didn't take extreme measures, like adding diuretics to drinks, but she did occasionally stay in the bathroom longer than necessary at parties when there were desperate girls knocking on the door, whining and squirming in an impatient line.

Aria's accident had amused Spencer greatly and now that the incredible show was over, Spencer focused her eyes on Hanna's desperation, wondering if she would succumb to the same fate. The busty blonde was bobbing around, hands deeply embedded in her crotch, flush cheeked with an expression of pain across her face. Puffing her cheeks full of air and slowly letting the oxygen out, Hanna tried to mentally control her bladder and fight off the warning signals she could feel throughout her entire body. Feeling a bit of wetness in her own panties (that was not pee!) Spencer smiled slyly and started asking Hanna prying questions, figuring the girl would be far too desperate to notice such odd conversation.

"How badly do you need to go?" Spencer asked coyly, raising her eyebrows and waiting patiently for Hanna's response.

"Oh my god, so bad! I'm not about to piss myself like Aria, though, I'll go in that fucking bush if I have to." Hanna was breathing hard and suddenly broke into a rapid pee-pee dance until she seemed under enough control to just stand with her legs tightly crossed. Her small fists were clenched so tightly the knuckles were turning from a healthy pink to a pure white.

"You've got to be joking! You would end up with a ticket for indecent exposure for sure, and more community service." Spencer really didn't know if any of this was actually true but wanted to see the panicked look on her friend's face as she broke the bad news. Hanna's desperation seemed to advance to a whole new level upon knowing she had no choice but to wait, causing her to squeal as an intense spasm caused a tiny spurt to leak into her panties. With a quick shove of the hand Hanna was able to save her underwear from any more wetness...so far.

After a few more trying minutes of desperate dancing, another trooper car arrived and spoke to the original officer, giving him instructions on how to bring them inside for their break whenever he was ready. The original trooper was beside himself with desperation and was grateful for the timely arrival of his colleague Since Aria was the closest to him and the officer did have a bit of a soft spot for the poor dear, the trooper led her toward the station and left his gruff overseer to watch as the rest of the women slaved away in the summer heat. The blast of air conditioning was cold against Aria's wet bottom and she blushed when a receptionist did an exaggerated double take as she walked past.

"Can you watch her for a moment please?" the trooper asked the receptionist, not bothering to wait for her answer before he practically sprinted to the bathroom. Slamming the door shut he tore his penis from his slacks and managed to only release a small spurt into his boxers before his urgent stream hit the toilet loudly. He sighed heavily with relief, releasing hours worth of coffee into the toilet. Exiting the restroom, the trooper handed Aria a dry uniform and a plastic garbage bag for her wet belongings. He couldn't help but take one last glance at Aria's beautiful wet spot as she scurried into the restroom.

Stripping off her wet jumpsuit, Aria stood completely naked aside from her pair of see through soaked striped panties and a white sports bra. She ran her tiny fingers across the crotch of her wet cotton underwear and felt a pleasurable tingle as her fingers rubbed against her engorged clit, slightly excited from her accident. It felt like her entire lower body was pulsating; her clit, her vagina, her bladder all vibrating with the movements of her hand. Aria pressed a little harder against her womanhood and continued to rub slowly, enjoying the feeling of the wetness on her crotch and fingertips. The naughtiness of the situation only encouraged Aria to slip a finger beneath her wet fabric and find her special pleasure spot.

Suddenly realizing where she was and how long she had been in the bathroom, Aria removed her panties and gently dried her crotch and thighs with the scratchy toilet paper. Her clit still tingled as she wiped thoroughly so Aria spent a little extra time cleaning up than she actually needed to. Wrapping her saturated panties up in the plastic bag, Aria put the new uniform on commando only wearing a sports bra underneath her attire. Her cheeks were flushed with both arousal and embarrassment as she exited the bathroom, following behind the trooper as they ventured back into the sunlight. The original trooper spoke to his coworker and suggested all of the girls be allowed a lunch break since it was getting quite late in the day and many of the young ladies badly needed to use the restroom.

Agreeing, the trooper led the rest of the girls inside of the air conditioned station, showing them to the lunch area where there were pre-made peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and bottles of fruit punch Gatorade waiting for them. The ladies were also presented with the location of the only restroom, which was great news for Hanna and Emily. Noticing how long the line was, Emily decided she wasn't in that great of need and while she really could use a pee break a few more minutes of discomfort wouldn't be the end of the world. Besides, she wanted to avoid Spencer as much as possible so Emily made the executive decision to join Aria in the lunch area to chew on their subpar food while the two other girls, Hanna and Spencer joined the bathroom line.

The two strangers were in front of Hanna and Spencer stood behind her, watching Hanna's tight, cute ass as she squirmed and bounced around, wriggling almost constantly. By now Hanna really didn't know if she could make it to the toilet completely dry and knowing how close the bathroom was made her urge much more intense. The first community service stranger had been in the bathroom for at least seven minutes, obviously not just peeing or just trying to torture Hanna for the hell of it.

Unable to hold on anymore, Hanna hobbled into the office of the original state trooper with hopes of an employee restroom. He had seemed nice to her about her need to go and was very understanding of Aria's accident, maybe he would try to help? Reaching the doorway, the trooper looked up and noticed the desperation on the blondes her face. Her cheeks were flushed, sweat was drenched in her blonde hair, and both of her legs were crossed tightly, holding her urethra shut the best she could. One manicured hand was lingering near her crotch occasionally thrust between it. This time at least he wasn't distracted by his own bladder and was able to really take in her beauty and desperation. Fully erect now, the trooper motioned for Hanna to come inside of his office.

"Please, please, please I need to go so badly and I can't wait. It's an emergency" Hanna whined her voice shrill and grating.

"I'm sorry sweetheart, I really can't do anything. There's only one restroom and I can't authorize you to cut in line." He did feel sympathetic but wow, twice in one day? What more could he ask for!

A sudden hot spurt escaped into Hanna's panties and she shouted "Please! I'm wetting myself, please, let me go somewhere. Anywhere, I don't care! I'll pee in a bottle, whatever!" Acting fast, the trooper quickly shut the door of his office and closed the curtains. He presented her with a small metal trashcan and while he knew he would get a heaps of trouble for suggesting a community service member strip down in his office, he secretly hoped she would take him up on his offer. Turning his back away from Hanna so she wouldn't be uncomfortable the officer said "There aren't cameras in here.

I can't leave you alone in here but I will turn my back. I could get into so much trouble if you ever told anyone, but if you need to do so you can use the trash can as long as you keep it between us." Not hesitating for a moment, Hanna fought to get out of her uniform and felt another warm spurt rush into her panties, about four seconds of pee escaping. Once she had released herself from the full body suit, Hanna pulled down her wet panties and crouched awkwardly over the trash can, trying to find a comfortable position.

Before she could aim accurately an eruption of pee fell into the trashcan, with a little splash back from the rim that fell onto the floor. Her piss stream was hard and audible, echoing into the metal of the trash can even though she was crouching down to try to minimize the noise. As she felt her bladder slowly deflate, Hanna looked down and noticed the giant wet spot on her cream colored panties. What was she supposed to do with her soaked underwear, leave them on the floor of the state trooper's office? Feeling the cool breeze of the rotating desk fan on her bum, Hanna suddenly realized she was completely naked from the waist down, only wearing a white lacy front hook bra.

Her cheeks blushed a rosy pink as she tried to push her pee out as fast as she could, afraid of getting caught by anyone else in the station. She was also so embarrassed peeing in front of a complete stranger but she really had no other choice, her bladder was about to burst. Closing her eyes, Hanna sighed with relief as her one minute and three second pee was finally over. The officer took this moment of silence to admire Hanna's perfect, creamy white bum and watch the pure relief on her face.

He quickly turned his back just in time for Hanna to open her eyes and waddle away from the metal trashcan halfway full of pee. She used a tissue from the officer's desk to wipe her dripping crotch then pulled the uniform up, completely commando. Hanna didn't want to admit that she soaked her panties like a little girl but also didn't want to be caught walking out of his office with wet underwear in her hands. The blonde mumbled an awkward thank you and threw the soaked, expensive panties underneath the chestnut desk before darting out the door.

Once he was alone the trooper walked over to the trash can and was amazed at how much this small girl had just peed! She really must have been absolutely desperate to produce so much urine. Locking the door, the trooper decided he had some personal business to take care of downstairs, having a rock hard erection the entire time Hanna was relieving herself just a few feet away . Finally alone, the troper sat down at his desk and unzipped, pleasantly surprised to spot Hanna's wet panties near his feet. Picking them up he placed the damp underwear in his pocket for safe keeping.

Back in the lunch room Emily was crossing her legs constantly now, pretty desperate and uncomfortable, but too caught up in conversation with Aria to get up to use the bathroom. Besides, she would have plenty of time to relieve herself after she finished eating, although she was starting to glance into the hallway in the direction of the bathroom door. Emily decided not to confront Aria about her recent accident and tried to just be a supportive friend, only asking questions about Ezra and what she had been doing to keep herself occupied throughout her parental enforced house arrest.

After leaving the trooper's office, Hanna happily joined the girls with a big smile across her face, sliding between the two of them. She picked the crust off of her sandwich and noticed there was a great degree of tension among her friends. Hanna imagined Aria was rather embarrassed about her accident and Emily...well who knows about Emily, but she appeared to be stiff with a stern face. "Oh well" Hanna thought, chalking up Emily's tight face for her sudden distate for Spencer. Glancing over at Spencer sitting alone in the corner eating her sandwich, Hanna felt a twinge of guilt for isolating her.

Finishing off the rest of her sandwich and Gatorade, Emily decided it was time to visit the restroom and release her urgent, pent up pee. As Emily stood up she had to pass the group of strangers that were whispering about her and the other liars. "Fucking murderers get to walk free if you're a pretty rich girl" one stranger said, staring directly at Emily with a look of disgust.

Enraged, Emily shouted "No, I'm not a fucking rich girl that mommy and daddy can bail out of anything! That'd be Spencer over there, never having to worry a day in her life because the Hastings get a fast track no one else is privileged to!" Offended and tired of being ridiculed because of the success of her family, Spencer stood up and approached Emily with the intent of reminding Emily if it weren't for the Hastings she'd be in juvenile detention. Getting face to face with Emily the argument quickly escalated until Emily jumped on top of Spencer and started hitting her, crashing both of them to the ground. Emily's panties and their fight pictured below:

Spencer flipped Emily over in one smooth motion and slapped her across the face, grating her manicured nails across Emily's smooth skin, leaving a gash that bled immediately. Emily grabbed Spencer by the hair and bit her arm, trying with all of her strength to flip her for top control when Spencer threw a right hook into Emily's jaw, rendering her unconscious. Shocked, Spencer stood up just as the troopers ran into the room, spotting Emily laying flat on the ground, still knocked out. The loss of conscious caused Emily to lose complete control of her overfilled bladder and hours worth of pent up pee poured out of her bladder, rushing through her red panties and soaking her orange uniform.

It took almost a full minute before a large puddle pooled around Emily's butt and soaked the jumpsuit up her back, down her butt, and down the back of Emily's thighs. With a pounding headache Emily woke up, her eyes fluttering while she tried to place her surroundings. Why was her butt so wet? There was warm liquid surrounding her entire body and it took a few moments before Emily noticed the emptiness in her bladder and came to the realization that she had completely pissed herself! After Aria helped Emily up, Emily turned around to see that the entire back of her orange uniform was soaking wet, pee droplets still dripping off of her. The strangers were snickering and laughing at Emily's accident, whispering about how none of these girls could go a few hours without wetting themselves.

Because of the fight both Spencer and Emily were sentenced to another 15 hours of community service. Embarrassed and humiliated, Emily knew she needed to plan her revenge on Spencer. How dare she humiliate Emily like that and get her in even more trouble? Seething, Emily walked to the bathroom in her soaking wet uniform to change into a new one, a little trail of pee droplets following in her path.

*079*2013-09-25 00:18

{{:

Wonderful as ever! I particularly love how each girl reacts differently to the concept of omorashi: Aria begins to love the feeling of wetting herself, while Spencer seems like the kind of girl who likes watching others but not participating (I can relate, I'm horrified by the thought of ever having an unplanned accident in public!). We don't fully know Hanna's and Emily's reaction yet...

Concerning Emily, I just have to ask: she seems to take all of her accidents so far in stride, feeling they were out of her control. Is she really that oblivious to them, or is there something going on we (the readers) aren't aware of yet?

You really make my days with these stories, I've actually begun checking the site once a day or two to see if there's an update!

Looking forward to the next chapter

}}

Thank you! I'm glad to have readers and I have some ideas for flashback episodes that would work perfectly for Emily's revenge. I'm also planning to have Emily visit the doctor for her accidents and possibly have an ultrasound during one of her visits for her injuries. Also, if you haven't already at the top of the thread you can click "follow topic" and if there's an update you will be notified.

*080*2013-11-01 06:18

Chapter 21: This Chapter regards the recent Halloween episode; a Grave New World. If you are a fan that has not yet watched this episode there will be spoilers. This will become a multi-chapter event with a lot of episode background. I apologize for not updating in awhile, life has gotten in the way!

After discovering A's lair and finding out that A might be tracking down Alison to a party that evening, the liars all decided they would be crashing this creepy, Victorian ball hosted in Ravenswood. Emily was still blushing about her recent accident inside of the coffin and jumped at the offer to don a dry, new outfit. Using the credit card she had quietly swiped from her mother's purse, Spencer rented glamorous outfits for all of her friends, excited to dress up in historical garb.

Aria chose a goth-inspired Victorian gown with black lace over hot pink satin paired with clunky black jewelry and a matching top hat. Being the history addict that she is, Spencer chose a black velvet long sleeved gown with a ruffled top and over exaggerated hat. The ever glamorous Hanna donned a strapless peach floor length gown with dainty gloves, a white hat, and an olive colored shrug. Standing out with a 1920's gangster flare, Emily chose a navy blue two piece pin-striped skirt set with a matching blazer and feathered hat. Since the girls had to purchase completely new outfits, they decided to buy all of the historically accurate undergarments as well, including corsets and modernized bloomers.

Left to right: Aria, Spencer, Hanna, Emily

Hanna's panties:

Upon entering the cemetery where this Victorian party was being thrown, Hanna immediately complained about the tightness of her corset. "This is torture" she griped, wriggling about in such a manner the corset started pushing her breasts so high up an ample amount of cleavage was shown. Emily and Aria commented on the creepy setting of the party while Spencer launched into an explanation of the clothing styles and forms of torture from the Victorian Era. With a mischievous gleam in her eye Spencer started explaining that "virginity tests" used to be done with a strange form of torture which included forcing a woman to hold her bladder as long as possible.

To lose bladder control was to admit one was not a virgin since it was inaccurately believed that having sexual relations with a man would "loosen" up a woman's bladder muscles. In that time period women were very proper about their toilet needs and it was common for them to have to hold on to their pee for hours on end before they could find proper facilities. It was more improper for women to admit to their need to pee as well as more difficult to discreetly do so in public so women were actually more known for having larger bladders. When a lady had to pee badly it was encouraged she cry to relieve some of the tension.

"Oh my gosh, shut up!" Hanna said, not really caring about Spencer's little history lesson. Taking the lead, Hanna walked in front of her friends and re-adjusted her corset, trying to breathe with the contraption crushing her breasts. Besides, Hanna could feel pressure building in her bladder but unfortunately didn't have a chance to nip into the bathroom before leaving the costume shop. There had to be bathrooms around here somewhere but since the party was hosted outdoors inside the confines of a creepy cemetery she had no idea where to look.

The tight, white corset was pushing into her bladder and making Hanna's need more urgent than necessary. Spencer glared at Hanna but then realized she might need to pee and the story was making it worse. Unfortunately, Spencer really didn't get the chance to enjoy Emily's accident earlier since they were so caught up in following Alison but maybe, just maybe, she'd get the chance to see another accident tonight. If not an accident at least a decent amount of desperation.

Glancing up Hanna could see Emily's cheeks burning a bright red as Spencer's history lesson reminded her of the full blown fear accident she had inside of the coffin just a few hours prior. At least Emily couldn't be too much at blame, she was fearing for her life after all. Despite that, Emily was a little concerned she had been having so many accidents lately and strongly considered making a doctor appointment to make sure nothing was wrong with her bladder. Hanna was right, "Emily thought" these corsets really were torture and unbearably confining. Emily dug at the sides of her top to gain a little extra breathing room but the constricting clothing didn't budge. Suddenly Hanna noticed a shifty looking guy glancing in their direction uncomfortably moving around.

Could this possibly be A? Angry and hot-headed, Hanna marched toward the man, not noticing the real A dressed in a creepy WWII gas-mask hiding behind a marble statue. As Hanna and the girls walked past, A poured a ground up mixture of diuretic pills into a punch bowl. Sneaking away back into the darkness, he hoped the liars would take a few sips but knew at least some of the members of this party would be rather desperate before the end of this evening. While the liars weren't familiar with Ravenswood, A's lair was nearby and he knew that this cemetery didn't have any restrooms open to the public. A diner a few blocks down the road is where most people relieved their bladders but out of town guests probably wouldn't know that.

To A's satisfaction, Aria and Spencer walked toward the snack table and ladled out a cup of punch each into a large red plastic cup. Spencer downed her's quickly and nervously munched on a cookie while Aria sipped it slowly, noticing a strange after-taste to the liquid. The punch certainly wasn't spiked with alcohol but it did taste almost chemically, like a melted ibuprofen pill. Oh well, punch didn't necessarily have a set recipe and Aria wasn't here to critique the food, she was here to find and save Alison.

While Spencer downed three more cups of punch in a matter of minutes, Aria finished her first one and decided to pace herself. Emily poured a cup for Hanna and one for herself before deciding it might be better to avoid liquids after her embarrassing accident. It would be an absolute shame to wet such a beautiful gown, especially one that she didn't actually own. When Emily went into the shop the shop keeper, an older woman with eyes like steel and overgrown fingernails, kept glancing at Emily's soaking wet bum. How awful would it be to return to the shop admitting to another accident? No, she would be careful with her liquid intake, especially since it was very likely the liars would end up spooked once or twice.

When Emily caught up with Hanna to wet her whistle the blonde had abandoned her search for the sketchy man and was trying to text her boyfriend, Caleb, despite her lack of reception in the cemetery Emily passed her both cups of punch which Hanna drank almost instantly, scrunching her nose up at the weird aftertaste. What was with this strange town of Ravenswood, could nothing just be normal for once? Moving on, the girls continued with their search for Alison, wandering around the cemetery looking for clues. Weaving between costumed women and over-dressed men, the girls wandered into the darkest part of the cemetery, hunting up and down rows of graves searching for anything that could lead them to their long lost friend. Three years had passed since Alison had gone missing and her friends were convinced she was alive and needed help. Even though they were holding onto what was a tiny strand of hope, their desire to find her hadn't faded, no matter how many memorials they attended.

Suddenly, a blonde in a Red Coat (likely Alison) ran through the cemetery into the brush, disappearing behind ferns and bushes. In hot pursuit, the liars sprinted the best they could in heavy clothing and high heels, screaming her name as they navigated the bumps in the dirt. Spencer especially was having issues, her outfit the heaviest and most cumbersome of everyone's. Spencer felt the powerful diuretic hit her bladder as she ran, the heaviness of the pee sloshing around inside her bouncing as she ran.

Thinking back to what she knew about Victorian virginity tests Spencer grimaced, hoping her body wouldn't be tested similarly. Of course she only knew of this specific tid bit of history because of her interest in desperation and wetting but she really did not care for her own bladder misfortunes. Until recently she wouldn't even use public bathrooms unless completely necessary; she was a Hasting and the Hastings carried themselves like ladies. Still, she was surprised how quickly her bladder was filling up and knew a public restroom visit would certainly be necessary.

Hitting a dead end, all of the girls stopped suddenly and looked around, astonished that Alison had suddenly disappeared. Where could she have possibly gone, there was no exit? After a few awkward moments where Spencer shuffled her feet in desperation and Hanna tried to adjust her corset to stop squashing her bladder, the girls suddenly realized there was a trap door behind a statue. Using all of their body strength, the liars held onto the ancient marble statue and pushed hard to the left revealing a single door. Behind the door was a dark staircase, leading downward to nowhere. Gingerly stepping down the stairs one step at a time the ladies all jumped when the door slammed shut, locking them in a poorly lit underground basement.

Panicked, Spencer pounded at the door, trying to shove it open with her body weight. By now she really did need to pee very soon and doubted there would be a bathroom in this vile basement. It didn't look like anyone had been down here in years and there certainly wouldn't be a running plumbing system. Spencer really was astonished that her need to pee had grown so urgent in such a short period of time. Spencer crossed her legs and clutched her abdomen, squeezing her kegel muscles until she felt more in control. Taking a deep breath Spencer declared they would find another way out and descended down the staircase with her friends.

On a similar note, Hanna found herself far more desperate than she had been only twenty five minutes ago when she just had a moderate need to pee. If there was a bathroom anywhere it had to be down here where there was at least infrastructure. This unbelievably tight corset really was crushing her bladder and while she was too shy to admit it, Hanna was toying with the idea of losing her friends for a moment to find a corner to pee behind. They were on a mission that was far more important than a pee break but her urethra burned and her bladder felt incredibly heavy, each step causing a wave of desperation to run through her body. Tip toeing down the staircase in her four inch heels Hanna gasped as she felt her foot miss a step and lost her balance, toppling forward.

The blonde was quite a sight, dressed like a Titanic-themed prom queen, her white hat falling off as she rocketed face first into the dark. At the last second Emily managed to grab onto the back of Hanna's dress and pull her back, both of them stumbling around in their heels but no one falling. Unfortunately, her loss of balance caused a loss bladder control and a hot spurt of pee rushed into her light pink ruffle panties. Jamming an urgent hand into her crotch, Hanna tried to cut the stream but another leak slid out between her fingers, dampening the front of her gown. Swearing under her breath, Hanna panicked at the thought of this gorgeous gown getting drenched with pee. Shuffling her feet and bobbing up and down, Hanna tried to keep her pee-pee dance discrete. Recovering from her near accident (both pee and physical!) Hanna thanked Emily for saving her from tumbling down the staircase. Aria led her friends into the darkness until they were all on solid ground again.

Noticing Hanna's little gasp and pee-pee dance Aria wondered if her friend needed to pee, perhaps? Aria herself had a rather full bladder and although she wasn't nearly as desperate as her blonde friend seemed seemed, Aria was beginning to wonder where there would possibly be a toilet. Placing a hand on her filling bladder, Aria pressed slightly until she winced, the dietetic rushing through her. Snapping back to reality, her wonders were answered when Hanna said "God, I need to fucking pee. There better be a bathroom down here." Spencer groaned "Me too, but I doubt it. There's more likely to be a chamber pot in this shithole."

"What's a chamber pot?" Hanna asked, hoping it was some historical word for porta-potty or something similar. Before answering Hanna's question, Spencer took in a deep breath and clenched her kegel muscles tightly, her bladder beginning to throb. The punch was working it's way through her toned body and besides, Spencer hadn't peed since right before she left school at 3 PM. It was 8 PM now and while Spencer had a strong bladder that could withstand some abuse, the diuretic was over-working her kidneys and causing her great desperation.

"A chamber pot is this container shaped like a bowl that was used as a toilet in the middle of the night." Spencer answered.

"Ew, they would just like, pee in a bowl and let it sit? That's disgusting!" Hanna scrunched her nose up at the thought but if she was offered something to slip underneath her dress that would promise relief, she would likely give it a whirl.

"Well, the pots all had lids to keep the pee from spilling out. In times without electricity stumbling out of bed to find a bathroom was nearly impossible and you know how badly you need to pee when you wake up." Spencer was starting to regret starting this conversation, her own bladder swollen and stretched.

To be continued!

*081*2013-11-01 20:54

Chapter 22: (A Grave New World Continued) There are a lot of pictures of scenery for background to the story to spice it up. I also thought I would include so imagery for the die hard fans to add some realism. Enjoy! There should be at least one more chapter of this evening, possibly two.

Aria's panties:

Spencer's panties:

Grimacing with each step, Spencer took deep breaths and maintained control as they began to head down a spooky hallway, which led to an arch at the end of the hallway. Spencer took the lead, gripping hard onto Emily's hand, who held onto Aria with Hanna at the end. The hallway is pictured here:

Hanna was still thinking about the chamber pot discussion she had so recently had and was bobbing up and down in place, wondering if there actually would be one of those devices down here. While it was certainly a gross concept (to Hanna) and would be a last resort, she was certain she had used dirtier 7-11 restrooms on road trips. Aria had also been interested in the chamber pot discussion, both with a tingle in her womanhood and a sympathetic heaviness in her bladder. She hadn't drunk as much punch as everyone else but her last bathroom trip had been before their trip to Ravenswood. Somehow all of these girls (aside from Emily, who had an accident in her jeans) had failed to find a restroom prior to the party.

They had been distracted with the possibility of finding and saving Alison, which put personal needs on the back burner. Shifting slightly, Aria continued down the hallway, practically dragging a desperate Hanna behind her. A gust of strong wind ripped through the hallway, causing all of the liars to crush their bodies against the wall as they attempted to trudge forward. Suddenly the dim lights shut off and all of the women were left in the darkness, fighting against this almost unnatural wind. When the light's returned all of the girl's were shocked that in Hanna's place was a creepy statue crying marble tears that Aria was clutching onto. Hanna was nowhere to be found. The statue is pictured below:

Jumping backwards in surprise, Aria left out a small squeal and felt her panties grow warm as a spurt of hot pee came rushing out into her white ruffle panties. Feeling her cheeks grow hot with embarrassment, Aria shoved both hands between her legs in attempt to stem the flow, the front of her rented gown getting wet as her white panties became stained yellow. Although Aria clenched her urethra muscles tightly nothing could stem the flow of urgent hot pee rushing out of her body. Spencer turned around at Aria's squeal and noticed her stance; bent forward, hands in the crotch, avoiding eye contact. Before Spencer had the chance to wonder if Aria was having a full blown accident, the audible sound of pee echoing off the walls as her bladder emptied. A warm rush of pee cascaded down Aria's legs, an enormous foaming puddle growing around the fullness of her skirt.

"Oh my god!" Aria exclaimed, not able to believe she was wetting herself like a child in front of her friends. Of course this had not been her first public accident, and the warmth in her crotch led her to remember the day she worked community service and had peed herself in front of the trooper, all of her friends, and the entire hallway. The familiar feeling of a tingling in her woman hood started to grow and Aria began to think that wetting herself was pleasurable although she wasn't much of a fan of holding a full bladder of pee. The temptation to rub herself was building but Aria was snapped back to reality when she realized where she was.

Sighing in relief, Aria looked up to meet the shocked faces of her two friends. Emily was surprised Aria had an accident but could certainly sympathize as she had wet herself in fear only a few hours earlier. "It's not a big deal" Emily said, trying to reassure her embarrassed friend. "It happens to all of us...or at least me anyway." Spencer was dumbstruck and found herself speechless, staring at the puddle of Aria's warm hot pee that was glistening on the cement floor.

Shifting in her own desperation Spencer felt a pang of sympathy in her bladder as a spasm ripped through her, having to cross her legs and bend forward with a hand stuffed in her crotch to regain control. Once she was confident in her ability to keep holding Spencer recognized a wetness in her own panties that was definitely not pee! Wow, two accidents in one day was really amazing, especially since Aria looked so beautiful and sexy in the gown she had just wet. When Aria removed her hand their was a soft ball sized stain on the front of her dress where she had her hands shoved between her legs as she peed.

Stumbling to find the right words Spencer spoke up. "Yeah...it's not a big deal. You can barely tell and it will dry before you need to return the dress tomorrow. I mean...yeah...that could be pee if we can't find a bathroom soon. C'mon let's go...uh...look for Hanna I can't believe we lost her. Why would she let go?" oping her speech wasn't too fumbly that her friends would notice, Spencer led the girls underneath the arch and turned a sharp corner, unable to think about anything but Aria's wet panties that were likely still dripping down her legs.

As the girls continued on their search, Hanna found herself in another empty hallway that looked unfamiliar completely alone. "Guys? Guys?! HELLO? Anybody? Alison?" Hanna yelled, panicking as she ran through the hallway, her heels clicking as she kept hitting dead ends. Each anxious step rocked her bladder; it felt like a balloon was sitting inside of her abdomen and the restraining corset was really crushing her internally. Now that she was alone Hanna could just rip her panties off and pop a squat in a corner but she was too preoccupied with finding her friends. Although she was distracted and lost, Hanna did have to occasionally stop to put a hand between her legs as bend forward in desperation. After about five minutes Hanna's bladder was throbbing so dangerously she permanently kept a hand between her legs as she walked, her fingers pressed deeply into her pink polka dotted underwear.

As the other three liars continued down the hallway screaming Hanna's name, Aria uncomfortably cringed as her saturated panties grew cold against her vagina. Each step seemed to squish out a few droplets of pee that ran down the inside of her thighs and she was tempted to stop to wriggle out of them but didn't know when she would possibly have the chance. Comforted by the fact Spencer was desperate for the toilet, Aria deducted that while she was frantically searching for Hanna she would likely find some type of facility to relieve her own bladder. Stopping suddenly the girl's hit a wall that said HELP ME on it, dripping with fresh blood. Was this Hanna's cry for help? Alison's? Oh god, this night was really becoming a horrific nightmare. Two of their friends were missing and in great danger and Spencer REALLY needed a bathroom. She was starting to consider that she might not make it and her panties would soon be drenched like Aria's.

Hanna was now constantly holding herself, worried about wetting her panties. She had two major leaks now and could feel the dampness of the cotton rubbing against her lips. To her pleasure the beautiful blonde stumbled upon a lone phone booth, which was strangely placed but would hopefully get her out of this place. Entering the booth, Hanna dialed 911 and feverishly prayed someone would answer to rescue her. "Hello?! HELLO?!" Hanna shouted, trying to get ahold of really anyone at this point. To her dismay Hanna was met with a dial tone. Frustrated, Hanna slammed her hands against the glass of the phone booth, the sudden movement causing a three second leak into her panties.

Unable to wait anymore and confident she was alone, Hanna crouched down in the phone booth, finding it difficult to balance in such small quarters. Before she was able to get her panties out of the way her overfilled bladder betrayed her and an urgent stream of pee shot out of her. Reaching under her dress and pulling her panties to the side, Hanna sighed in relief as she peed full force on the floor of the phone booth. She was shocked at the length of her pee as she passed the 30 second mark, her stream still going strong as the pee puddled around her feet, threatening to wet the hem of her dress and her designer heels.

Deciding she was empty enough, Hanna attempted to stem the flow, struggling as she clenched her muscles with all of her might. It was so difficult to stop peeing once already starting but Hanna was able to after a few seconds, standing up and glancing down at the enormous puddle of pee. She was only half empty at this point and while her urethra stung with urgency, she was much more relieved Wiping the sweat from her face, Hanna exited the booth and closed the door, hoping no one would stumble upon her puddle.

To be continued...

*085*2013-11-04 19:58

{{:

Welcome back . The new chapters are spectacular, thank you for starting (and continuing) this series. Do you plan on including Miranda in your version of the episode? If not I have a couple ideas, we know from watching the episode that Miranda has been on various buses throughout the day and might not have been able to use the restroom. So when she is on the bus to Ravenswood she is desperate but thinks she can wait till she gets to her uncle's house. When she arrives she begins frantically searching for a bathroom , during her search she discovers Hanna. The two go off together in search of a bathroom and hopefully a way out, however they find neither and Miranda loses control. Another option is to simply have Miranda lose it on the bus,and see how Caleb reacts, either way it is up to you.

}}

I could probably do this, I'm having one more chapter involving the Ravenswood episode then probably just doing some made up ones that aren't episodes and a few flashbacks. I never mind suggestions.

*086*2013-11-05 06:59

Chapter 23 Part I: (Still in Ravenswood searching for Alison. Hanna has been separated from the group, Aria had an embarrassing fear wetting, and Emily was okay but still a bit concerned about her accident in the coffin earlier that day.)

Reaching the unsettling wall with the message of "Help Me", the three remaining liars panicked, shouting out Hanna's and Alison's name. Had the infamous A made Hanna "disappear" as he promised one girl would? Was their friend Alison really dead this time? The questions were overwhelming, and while they tried to devise a plan Spencer was extremely quiet, trying to focus all of her energy on willing her bladder to be iron clad. Spencer hadn't had many accidents, mostly because she did not enjoy being desperate, had a pretty solid bladder, and her will power was rather strong. While she had definitely enjoyed Aria's fear wetting, drinking in the delicious display, Spencer regretted drinking so many cups of punch. The diuretic was working it's way through her system and she wriggled around desperately, trying to discretely cross her legs.

What none of the girls knew is they were being watched intently. While this underground hallway looked long abandoned security cameras lined the ceiling corners and walls. The lighting wasn't the best for video but A enjoyed genuine desperation. Not only that, the videos were set up to play on an omorashi website in real time; it was a site A had created years back and gained many followers. While he did have paying members, he didn't have as much time lately to keep track of the girl's desperate moments.

Consequently, many users canceled their membership. This was when the tempting idea of dosing his victims came to mind, positive it would keep continued members hooked. Not at all disappointed, there were forty-five members watching live, both men and women, excited behind their monitors. Aria's accident had been an unexpected treat and Spencer was hitting her breaking point. The live-show would be recorded and sold later on clipsforsale; A was certainly going to profit from this experience. Unfortunately he couldn't review this footage in real time and would only see an accident live if he were to corner one of the girls...

Aria and Emily were practically running through the hall, their heels clacking on the stone as they were in search of their friend. The wet fabric against Aria's lips were felt with each step, and while the warmth felt wonderful at the time, the cold fabric was sticky and uncomfortable. If she just had a free moment to remove her panties she could just throw them in a corner and be on her way, but the girls had no time to waste. While her friends were taking long strides, Spencer was moving in slow motion, each step painfully jolting her bladder.

Each step was halted and tiny, barely moving her from her starting point. She was losing her friends and didn't want to be separated but was nearly losing it. Knowing from past experiences she wasn't really a leaker ; when the dam burst it exploded and wouldn't be easy to conceal. Aria had already pissed all over her rental and now that Hanna was missing she could have very well done the same; three dry cleaned dresses returned late would be extremely expensive.

"C'mon, keep up!" Emily yelled over her shoulder, not really noticing Spencer's plight. Aria on the other hand kept glancing backwards, watching her sophisticated friend be inches from disgracing herself. Noticing Aria looking, Spencer uncrossed her legs and walked forward quickly, trying to maintain her composure. After only a few yards Spencer's bladder spasmed and she was forced to stop and double over, shoving her hands into her crotch. It was difficult to get a good grip on her pee-hole through such thick fabric, but she still tried, putting as much pressure onto her crotch as possible. Doing an epic pee-pee dance, Spencer clenched her teeth, convinced this was the beginning of the end. "I'm about to piss myself, hold your horses!" Spencer barked, trying to feel in control for a few more seconds. There had to be somewhere to pee, even if it was just a corner. No matter where she had to go, Spencer needed to go RIGHT NOW.

"Frankly Spence, I don't give a damn. Aria and I both had the same problem earlier and we're worried about Hanna and Alie, not you needing to tinkle." Emily was surprised how harshly the words spilled out of her mouth, but she was still aggravated with Spencer for causing her to have an accident when they were forced to do community service. Of course a lot of time had passed since then but Emily was still embarrassed. It seemed like her and Aria were always the ones stuck with wet panties, while Spencer would give them strange looks and be completely dry. It was unfair and while Emily didn't hope Spencer sprung a leak, she didn't feel any sympathy for her friend. This was severely out of character for the ever-sweet Emily but she was too worried about her missing friends to care about a bodily function.

Removing her hands from her crotch, Spencer sped up until she was in step with Emily and Aria, giving Emily a fierce look. Trying to refocus her thoughts to the situation at hand, Spencer took a deep breath and started repeating a mantra inside of her head. "I will make it to the bathroom. This isn't so bad. I will make it to the bathroom. This isn't so bad." While she was trying to restrain herself, Spencer's bladder disagreed. The diuretic had pushed her bladder to the limit and she didn't have much time before an explosion.

Turning a corner, Emily, Aria, and Spencer were met with a fork in the hallway; a left turn or a right turn. It was going to be a difficult decision to make, and looking down the hall didn't provide many clues. Each seemed to lead to nowhere, just blackness. Turning right seemed more logical and (hopefully) safer because the lighting looked a bit better. Emily silently took the lead and took the right turn, leaving Aria and Spencer behind. Eyeing her desperate friend one more time, Aria took off behind Emily, shouting for her to wait up. About to turn right, Spencer looked down the hallway again and noticed the vague outline of a door with a word written above it. It was in black font and hard to see but was a longer word that started with an L. Hm...after a moment of hesitation and squinting Spencer decided the word had to be "Lavatory" and she had finally found the answer to her relief.

Without alerting her friends, Spencer broke into a full run down the opposite side of the hall, desperately sprinting toward the door. Finally reaching what she believed to be her answer to her bladder problems, Spencer didn't pause before shoving the door forward, throwing all of her body weight against the stone. The sudden motion jolted her bladder and just as she burst through to the other side Spencer's bladder betrayed her and pee started bursting out through her hot pink panties, running down the inside of her legs and splashing against the expensive black gown. Trying to save her clothes, Spencer kept running forward, hoping to find a toilet. Unfortunately, Spencer hadn't found a bathroom but a greenhouse filled with beautiful, exotic plants.

Unable to stop the flow and not seeing a bathroom inside, Spencer stopped in her tracks, giving up. Her bladder was emptying at an amazing speed and Spencer could do nothing but crouch down in the grass to let the rest of her pee out. Her stream was urgent and she could not only feel warm droplets splash back at her but hear the loud echo of her spray as her pee hit the ground and sizzled into the grass. Closing her eyes as she continued to piss through her underwear, Spencer completely forgot about where she was or why she was there, she was lost in the unbelievable ecstasy of letting out her long awaited bathroom break.

Almost forty-five seconds had passed but Spencer was still peeing with the same force she started with, in disbelief how much pee she had produced. Even though it felt like she was almost done, Spencer just kept on peeing and peeing, her tortured bladder letting out everything she had been holding onto, fading off to just a trickle. Spencer stood up and was relieved to only have wet her panties and hoped the dress could be salvaged. After soaking in the immense relief, Spencer felt immediately guilt and fear from abandoning her friends. She was completely alone now and completely vulnerable.

