HARRY+ DRACO serialized novel

Author: Ranma23

*022*2012-03-01 11:59

This is the first chapter that I've had edited from an English speaking member of the website.

Soon, the whole story will be re-edited.

I hope you enjoy! :D

(edited by: KayLeigh)

Chapter 7

I cheated myself,

Like I knew I would,

I told you I was trouble,

You know that I'm no good.

(Amy winehouse: you know I'm no good)

PAPER BIRDS

Draco couldn't help being nasty to Hermione for the next 4 days after the accident, expecting her to be cocky about it. .

She had been rather rude, and surely tactless, but she didn't make fun of him against his expectations, and didn't tell anyone. (Or at least he thought so)

Draco soon realized that Hermione had saved him, without knowing it, from being beaten one more time; Holding him on the tower stairs, the protection spell had probably hidden the event from his father's charms.

In fact, for Draco's joy, his father didn't show up at all.

He was feeling a little confused about the muggle-born witch; she wasn't mean, just a little inopportune, and therefore she was always getting on his nerves. But he knew- and always secretly thought- that she was a truly brilliant witch.

A week later, Hermione was studying in the underground magic library, when someone took a big book from a shelf in front of her and she spotted someone through the hole it left in the bookcase.

Draco was sitting at some table not far away. She had been concentrating so hard, that she hadn’t actually noticed that he had been there since she’d arrived.

She moved to the right a little, so that she would be hidden by books, but still able to see him.

Suddenly, she noticed that he was sitting a little stiff.

She knew that boys usually hold it as much as they can, and that’s mainly because of their instinct to be in control of their bodies, but also a way to show strength to others. However, she thought that was just kids' crap. And Draco wasn't just holding it; he was pretending he wasn't doing it.

- How childish!- She thought.

She questioned for a few seconds whether his very strict father could have something to do with that, then she sighed and kept on looking for more information about the potion N°9.

After she found a good title, she stood up and moved to the labyrinth of shelves to locate the book. Looking around, she turned to Draco's table and realized he wasn't there any more.

"Oh, Merlin!" said Hermione straining to reach the book, which happened to be on a shelf just beyond her grasp.

She usually liked to go find her stuff alone instead of waiting on the old and slow wizard in charge of the library, who also happened to be the only one allowed to use the Accio spell on the library books, but that was too high...

Someone's hand took the book for her, and she turned to find Draco right behind her.

She blushed. "Oh, thank you!" she mumbled, feeling rather embarrassed and holding out her hands.

But Draco didn't hand her the book, instead he looked gravely into her eyes, folding his elbow and holding the book up high next to his head.

"What are you researching for, Granger?" he said flatly, narrowing his eyes.

Hermione's heart was pounding for the gray shining eyes that were staring so deeply into hers, and for the fear of being caught on what she was doing. She remembered she left the books open on the table. He could have seen it, before looking for her. Lying about it wouldn't be smart.

"I’m going to write the potion essay on Potion N°9, hence I am researching on that.” she stated proudly

And saw a strange light in his eyes as she said so.

He didn't say anything and handed the book to her, without taking his eyes off hers.

"What are you writing that about?" she asked cheerfully, trying to make some casual conversation.

"That, again, is none of your business, Granger" he retorted

"Aw, then why would be my research your business?" she asked

"It isn’t" He replied, and walked away

Hermione stood there in disbelief. How hostile was that Malfoy!

She turned back to her table and realized he did the same. Maybe he was looking for that book too. And he knew there was an important point on the history of potion N°9, so he asked her why she was looking for it.

Hermione looked at him again and sighed, shaking her head. His leg was slightly bouncing up and down while he was writing, although he was composed as always. Maybe that was just tension and nothing else.

She returned to the book.

She studied and wrote for about two hours, concentrating hard, even though she couldn't find anything new about the potion's curse.

Then she stretched her arms and looked up, glancing at Draco who was now sitting way more tense then earlier, and his leg never stopped bouncing. She saw him lightly squirming, and to her surprise, he gave it a quick squeeze.

She realized she was totally staring at him and shook herself, then put all her staff in the bag and left.

Now, the magic library was huge (it had to be, seeing as it held all the wizarding science known to man?). It was built under the castle's dungeon in a vertical building, which dug many miles underground. Therefore, there was a lift that took forever to go up and down, but it was still better than one billion stairs.

Hermione was waiting alone in front of the lift when she heard steps approaching.

Draco entered the lift access-room, but as soon as he recognized Hermione- her back facing him- he turned on his feet and tried to get away, until she turned around.

"I've just called it,” she smiled

Draco stopped, turned around again, and joined her.

"I can see" he replied dryly, looking at the red light pulsing on the wall.

He was a little fidgety. She could hear him, not far behind her, shifting his weight from foot to foot and then slowly pacing up and down, in front of the lift.

She turned back to him, and tried to make conversation.

" Did you find all the books you were looking for?"

His body tensed as she looked at him, and stopped moving. His hand held a notebook almost directly in front of his crotch. The other hand was just down along his side.

"No I didn't,” he replied quietly

"What were you looking for?" Hermione asked, surprised that he even answered her question.

"The book you were using" he stated, and looked at the top of the lift, seemingly growing impatient.

"Aw...Why didn't you tell me? We could have shared it" she said in surprise

Draco moved two steps forward then turned around to her and leaned over the wall slightly bent at the waist. Why was she being so nice now?

"Was the book interesting?" he asked

Hermione didn't understand, if he had tried to be nice letting her use the book first, or if he was only investigating on her studies.

"It was helpful,” she replied

The lift seemed to be stuck at a floor. Draco left the wall and walked around again, trying to see if it was coming down, then he went back at the wall and leaned on it, covering his crotch with the notebook and sighed.

He was impatient indeed, and restless in his own way. Hermione could see his expression was a little worried.

"Are you ok, Draco?" she asked casually

He looked at her "You called me Draco"

"Yes I did,” she said "Why? Is that bad?"

"I’m just not used to it, " he replied, glancing away.

"All right, Malfoy," she sneered "Are you ok? You look a bit tense"

"I’m fine, Granger" he answered with a look, that was actually saying - shut up! -

He was perfectly aware of his need; he only just realized the urgency of it, having been trained to ignore his bladder as long as possible. It was too late now, to leave for the bathroom and have to ask her to be excused! He'd like the witch to mind her own business.

Hermione appreciated the way he was slightly blushing, getting that soft pink stripe just under his eyes, yet still maintaining his icy cold look. And she almost smiled, thinking he was making an effort to not call her Mud blood anymore.

The lift doors opened in front of them

"Finally!" She smiled, and heard Draco quietly sighing.

An old Witch Librarian got in with them

The lift was big, maybe 10 square feet.

One of its walls was made of glass, so that you could see the deep, deep stairwell, on which all the floors of the library were overlooked in a never-ending white spiral.

Draco leaned on the wall of the lift, settling back with his hands on the handrail along the wall. That's just his holding position, she thought.

The lift stopped after a couple of minutes, the old witch got out.

Hermione sighed, "I'm tired"

Draco was silent. She turned and looked at him, clenching his hands back on the handrail of the wall, and shrugging his shoulders. One of his legs was casually swinging, left and right.

The lift stopped few floors higher and three young witches from second year, holding piles of books, entered.

Hermione could see the worried look on Draco’s face, as he still leaned on the wall, now covering and, maybe also pressing, his crotch with the hand holding his notebook. His head was down, but he would glance at the witches from time to time.

He really had an iron self-control, and managed to stay completely still for about two minutes, then the three witches left the lift and he sighed. Hermione looked at him, and didn't realize she was smiling.

"What's so funny?" Asked Draco

"Uh...nothing..." she replied in confusion

He turned face to the wall, his hands on the handrail, bent a little bit forward, and then turned again in his first position.

He was clearly busting, and Hermione looked at him like he was little baby.

"Draco?"

"Stop calling me that!" he yelled

"Are you ok?" she asked

He didn't answer

"You look restless" she pressed

"I'm fine, thanks!" He said, clearly irritated.

"You really look like you could use a bathroom,” she continued, crossing her arms over her chest and leaning her back on the wall.

"Then maybe I will, once we get out of here" he snapped, returning to his pacing back and forth in the elevator.

Hermione couldn't help but hold tender feelings towards him.

She remembered what Harry had said in divination class, about his always being very composed, even when holding for hours. Then now, if he was moving around so much, it must be really bad or... worse than bad.

The lift suddenly jolted to a stop, and the light went off. The only light they had was coming from the stairwell, and it made sure that they weren’t completely left in the dark.

"What happened?" asked Hermione in surprise

Draco walked nervously to the control panel and looked at it. "Obviously, we’ve broken down, Granger. I thought you were the smart one here"

Then a voice rang out on the elevator speaker "To any witches and wizards who may be trapped in the lift: don't worry! We are working on the problem and will have you out in a few minutes!"

"Wonderful!" said Draco, very annoyed.

Hermione looked at him and realized he was in real pain.

She noticed his eyes were watery. He couldn't stop pacing from one side of the lift to the other, and Hermione noticed he would hold himself when his back was to her.

"Hey... Are you sure you are ok?" she asked softly, walking toward him, but he backed away as she got closer.

"Would you shut the fuck up, Granger?" he said, irritated.

"That was offensive" said Hermione and walked back to where she was and crossed her arms over her chest, an angry expression settling on her face.

"Sorry" muttered Draco

"WHAT?!" Hermione couldn’t believe her ears

"I said sorry!" Repeated Draco, looking at her like she was stupid.

"I thought the Ice Prince wouldn't dare say that word." she smirked

"Now THAT, is a dumb nickname!" he glared at her

Hermione smiled a beautiful, sincere smile and Draco couldn't help notice its intensity. She looked into the gray eyes, and suddenly she felt warm inside.

But in her mind, the words she had read were just echoing back "...when he will fall in love with someone..."

She looked away.

A few minutes passed, then Draco suddenly bent forward and moaned, his face contracting.

When he had first entered the lift, he was sure he was going to make it to the bathroom, even if he would have to suffer a bit. But this delay was thwarting his plans.

Hermione got closer again, "I don't understand how bad your situation is, but I'm sure it's going to be ok. We are almost arriving at ground floor." she said, already thinking she might have used the wrong words..

"I don't really want to talk about it…" mumbled Draco, avoiding eye contact.

Hermione sighed and looked out the glass wall, waiting for the lift to start again.

After 5 long minutes, the elevator was still not working.

Draco squatted on the floor, his back flat on the wall, his knees a little spread out. He was slightly rocking back and forth, and his eyebrows were knitted together in a worried expression.

Hermione noticed that he was nearly crying, and his uneven breathing gave away the fact that he was struggling.

She was still worried, but decided that perhaps talking could help.

"Are you still...uh...ok?" she asked tentatively

Draco bit his lip and put his hands on his knees, one knee on the floor, the other folded in front of him and leaned his head on it, his eyes strained.

Hermione tried again "Look, you don't have to be embarrassed... I understand"

"Stay tuned Granger, the show is about to begin! " he said between clenched teeth without even looking up.

Hermoine stared at him for a second, before looking away. She remembered what he had said to her back in the Divination tower about liking to watch, and it made her blush.

The light went back on, and the lift made a weird noise.

"It's working! Let’s get out on the next floor so you can use the bathroom, ok?" said Hermione, trying to stay positive

Draco gasped and clenched his crotch with one hand, as a long spurt, that was very hard to stop, escaped. He managed to stop the flood, but the wet patch on his trousers was almost as large as his notebook, which was now lying on the ground.

Hermione gasped "oh no! Hold on! We are getting out right now!"

Draco stood up with all his strength, and as soon as the lift doors opened, he rushed out, almost slamming into the other students who had been waiting in front of it.

Hermione, apologizing to the confused wizards, took her staff and Draco's notebook.

"Sorry! He had an emergency " she said cheerfully, then ran after Draco, along the hallway behind the lift.

As she turned the corner, she saw him bent over in front of the bathroom door,” Oh! Come on! You're almost there!" she sped up, then opened the men's bathroom door and dragged him inside, pushing him into a stall and closing the door.

Daco was cursing and moaning, and then he sighed. Hermione heard the stream hitting the water, and felt a strange sense of relief herself.

She was surprised when she noticed that he’d been peeing for longer than a minute!

"Hey! How long have you been holding it for?" she asked

"Give me a break, Granger!" said Draco from the stall, flushing the toilet.

Hermione saw the bathroom door opening, and an old wizard Librarian coming in. Without thinking twice, she sprinted inside Draco's stall and closed the door.

"Oh, please, come in!" said Draco sarcasticly, while holding his pant's zip with a crossed look on his face.

"Sssshhh! There’s some old man in the bathroom!" she whispered. Waving her wand she charmed the stall so that her feet wouldn't be visible from outside.

Then she looked down at Draco's pants, that he had just re-buckled, and began to wave her wand to clean the wet patch, but Draco held her wand, giving her an annoyed look, then shook his head and cleaned it himself, casting a spell with his own wand.

In the silence they heard the old man coughing, dragging himself into a stall and peeing in a very weird and noisy way. They looked at each other neither could help but crack a smile.

Then Hermione noticed a shiny white bracelet, made of interwoven wire, on his left wrist. She kept staring at it wondering what that was made of.

Draco leaned on the wall and sighed. "Hey, Granger” he said in a low voice.

Hermione looked up at him "uh?"

"Thank you"

Hermione blushed "You're welcome" she said

"By the way Draco, I’m rather curious… Why do you always hold till the last second?"

Draco looked at her with surprise and embarrassment on his face, "What makes you think I want to have this conversation with you?"

Hermione shrugged her shoulders " I’m just curious I guess..."

Draco looked at her, and then glanced at the floor sighing.

"I should go now" he said, and put a hand on the stall's doorknob, but Hermione's hand stopped him

She moved closer, and lifting herself on her toes, she reached his lips and kissed him.

Draco closed his eyes, and felt a shudder crossing his body.

Hermione kept on kissing him, holding his face with her hands. Draco moved one hand to the small of her back, and pulled her towards him.

As Hermione stepped back, she looked into his eyes and suddenly felt a pang of guilt. She had promised herself that she would never do that.

She was too scared that she could activate the curse if Draco felt something for her. "Sorry....that was.. I..." She mumbled nervously

Draco looked at her gravely, "It's ok... I’m not supposed to be here anyway"

Hermione looked up "What do you mean?"

"This is just.. Wrong..." he replied, and opened the door, leaving the stall. Hermione followed him but she wasn't even out of the stall when she saw him stop and slowly start walking backwards. He turned to her, then closed her into the stall and whispered "Stay there"

The door of the bathroom slammed open revealing Lucius Malfoy.

Hermione spied on the scene from the gap between the stalls walls

"Now you can explain to me what were you doing in the stall with a Mud blood!"

Hermione gasped.

Lucius walked over to Draco, and tried to pull him away from the stall to reach to Hermione, but Draco resisted him

"Don't!" he said angrily

"Move! Now!" said his father

"No!" replied Draco

Lucius took his arm and forced him away, but Draco tried to rise against him. His father slapped him to the ground, and he fell down hard, hitting his head against the wall.

Hermione let out a whimper, covering her mouth. Lucius opened the stall and dragged her out. "You filthy Mud blood! Don’t you dare approach my son again!"

Hermione was so scared that she began to cry. Lucius pushed her out of the bathroom and closed the door.

Hermione was shaking. What the hell was going on? She moved closer to the door and tired to listen

She heard Lucius Speaking "I told you, I would not be patient this time! I am sick of telling you what you are supposed to know! Stop behaving like a stupid muggle! You have to show your dignity and learn to be a true dark wizard! You don't have time for relationships of any kind! And, most important, you must not mix your blood! Is this clear enough?!"

Draco was struggling on the floor; his head was hurting and he couldn't really stand.

"I don't want to do this any more..." he said faintly

"You can't go back."

"Yes I can!"

His father leaned on him. Took his arm, pulled his sleeve up, uncovering the dark mark than was just appearing on his skin.

Draco moaned. The mark hurt so much when it started to shine out of his skin, and his entire body went numb and ached every time it happened.

"This is the reason why you live! Don't forget it! Now stand up, and don't make me come here again!"

Hermione was curious to know what Lucius was talking about, but there was no way to open the door without making a noise. She heard steps from inside, and dashed into the women's bathroom hiding just behind the door.

She didn't hear the door opening, but she clearly heard a zap noise and understood that he had left.

She ran into the man's bathroom and found Draco sitting on the floor, holding his right arm over the sleeve of his shirt.

"Draco! Are you hurt?" She leaned over him and saw a side of his face was covered in blood

"Granger, get out of here!" he stood up unsteadily and walked over to the sink where he put his forehead under the water.

Hermione moved close to him "I'm sorry, I didn't know this was going to happen...for a kiss"

Draco sighed as he lifted himself, up holding the edge of the sink for support and shaking.

Hermione looked at his eyes. He was crying. The soaked blond locks draining the water were still very pale, and his tears were falling on the marble edge of the sink together with the drops of water and blood. His body jerked as he burst out sobbing and lowered his head.

Hermione's heart shattered into pieces. She began to curse herself as she realised just how taken she really was with Draco.

He shut his eyes, held his head with his hands in pain and sat down against the wall arms on his knees.

"How are you feeling? You need to go the hospital wing" said Hermione worried. She sat down next to him and locked the bathroom door, with a spell.

"No thanks, I'm ok" he said, his voice cracking

"Draco, what's up with your father? Why is he so violent towards you? "

"Go away, Granger, you don't have anything to do with this" he replied faintly

"Let's go talk to Dumbledore, he will do something!" She said

"You'd better go" said Draco coldly

Hermione was hurt "I am not leaving you here! You have to go to the hospital wing! Your head is bleeding!""

Draco leaned his head back on the wall "I’m fine, I don't need any hospital, and Dumbledore already knows about this. You can't do anything and neither can I, you... "

His voice was broken from a sob and tears were running down his face mixed with his blood "...you have to stay far from me." he said, fighting the sobs.

Hermione kneeled at his side and threw her arms around him. She held his shoulders close, feeling his wet face on her neck "This is very hard for me" she said quietly.

Draco let his arms fall to his sides, and surrendered to her hug. He could smell the fresh perfume of her hair, and something inside him was telling him to stay there forever, to not let her go, to just relax in her arms and everything would be ok.

Hermione tightened her hug as she felt his sobs shaking his body, then she moved back, stood up, tears in her eyes and taking her bag from the floor, she left.

Draco was exhausted. He wanted to scream and kick everything around him, but he held that feeling down as he felt the dark mark burning again, and pulsing on his arm.

He held his arm and clenched his teeth.

Hermione stopped in front of the lift, tore out a page from her notebook and wrote something on it. She then touched it with her wand; the paper folded itself in the shape of a bird and flew across the deep stairwell of the library, up to the castle. Gliding for the hallways and the stone stairs, it finally hit the door of Dumbledore’s office and fell on the ground in front of it.

Dumbledore looked up from his desk at the dull noise.

He slowly walked to the door and opened it, looking around suspiciously, but no one was to be seen. Then his attention was attracted from the small paper bird flapping its wings on the ground.

He picked it up ad unfolded it.

"SOS Aggression! Gentlemen's bathroom 32nd floor of the magic library"

...To be continued

*023*2012-03-01 14:05

Creative editor: KayLeigh

Chapter 8

Open your ears child

Follow these steps down

There’s reason to believe we’re in harmony

You’re not alone, rest assured

At the bottom you can open your eyes

(Sleepy Sun: open eyes)

THERE'S NO SAVING ANYTHING, WE ARE SWALLOWING THE SHINE OF THE SUN.

Draco was rubbing his head, sitting back on the wall of the bathroom. He tried to stand up, but his head spun like crazy. He was so depressed and hurt he couldn't think of anything but his father and the Dark Lord.

He was still feeling guilty for not refusing the kiss that Hermione gave him. His father had a very personal idea about kissing, and every expression of love. He said that you should never accept a kiss because that's the first step to be betrayed.

As far as he knew, his father has never kissed his wife or anyone else in front of him. And of course he never kissed or hugged his son. He also taught him, that a hug is a sneaky way to check the strength of your rival. He was telling him all the time that hugging and kissing or declaring your love is muggle stuff. It's beneath a Dark wizard and he must not accept it from anyone.

He thought back at Harry's hug. He didn't feel like he was testing his strength, it felt instead, as he was giving him some strength and some comfort.

The door of the bathroom slammed open. Draco looked at Dumbledore and wondered if his appearance was Hermoine’s idea.

"I am sorry Draco...are you ok? Come with me " said Dumbledore and he put an arm around his shoulders, leading him outside.

Draco was sitting on a big armchair in Dumbledore office. The old wizard poured himself and the kid some tea in two big cups.

"This is called the happiness herbal infusion. It is better not to abuse it, but sometimes, it is rather necessary, and I am sure that it will make you feel better"

Draco looked at the cup, but he didn't drink.

Dumbledore leaned his hands on the desk.

"Son, I am very sorry for what happened. I must explain to you that this is not totally out of my control, but for the sake of the school and all the students, I couldn't deny your father the option to come over secretly and when he desires to, provided that, he would not hurt or put in danger any students. And that was including you of course, but here the situation is more complicated. I hope that you will confirm that in the past two years, he never did something like this to you inside the school. I assume he had been always a very strict father and from the way you behave I also assume that you are used to this treatment. But this is not right Draco. Me and the other teachers are trying to stop this. Although I needed to make compromises to save the school, I hope you understand, we did not forget about you. I promise. I will be here for you when you need me."

"Thank you" said Draco in a dry tone, but inside himself he knew that he couldn't be helped.

Dumbledore looked at him and realized that the kid was kind of shocked. He was staring at the floor and slightly shaking. He looked at the cut he had on the side of his forehead, still bleeding a little. The expression on his face was of pure frustration.

The headmaster's heart boke at the sight of such a young and brilliant wizard having his life ruined by Voldemort and the crazy dark wizard he had as a father. He was feeling so sorry for him, same as he was for Harry, and promised himself that he would have to help them both go through their lives, hard as they may be.

He moved over to him and put a hand on his shoulder, only to feel him subtly reject the physical contact.

"Draco, every person has his own soul, regardless of his parents. Remember that you are not the same as your father, even if he wants you to be like him. You are a child now, but you will grow up and become an adult wizard. You need to choose who you are and listen to yourself in making this choice"

Draco's eyes welled up with tears. For the first time, someone had said something that would give his bipolar behavior a meaning. The things he was feeling inside… Were they real? He wasn't disturbed, he was just trying to be himself. But the strong hand of his father had twisted his young mind so much, it was hard to believe anything that was contravening his education.

"Drink up, you'll feel better" said Dumbledore.

Madam Pommefry entered the office knocking on the door. "Did you call me?"

"Oh yes, please Madam Pommefry come in!" said Dumbledore.

She approached Draco and looked at his face, then waved her wand and cured the cut on his forehead. As she did that, his dizziness disappeared, and the headache with it.

"Don't go straight to bed, ok? You had a pretty bad knock!" said Madam Pommefry, and she noticed that he had a scar on his cheek that wouldn't go away.

"This is not in my power" she mentioned, pointing it out to Dumbledore.

The headmaster looked at it gravely "I know.." he sighed " what about the rest, is he ok?"

Miss Pommefry checked the kid up and down, then nodded "He looks all right to me, Sir"

"Thank you" said Dumbledore, dismissing the woman.

When she left the room, Dumbledore looked at Draco

"Where did that scar come from?"

"I believe, Sir, that it came from my father's ring" said Draco still looking at the floor.

- To leave a scar that madamPommefry can't cure, that ring is probably a dark artifact - thought Dumbledore narrowing his eyes, then he looked down and nodded at the untouched cup.

"Believe me, drink it, and you won't regret it”.

Draco took the big cup with two hands and drank the tea. After the first sip, he felt the warmth flow through his body, relieving it of pain and stress. For a moment, he almost felt like he wanted to laugh. The effects were strong, and though they began to dull after a while, they were still very comforting.

Dumbledore sat on the side of his desk.

"You know that this year the Dementors will be around the castle? You all met them in the Hogwarts Express. They are dangerous, as I said, and they are far more effective when you hold onto bad memories from your past."

Draco thought about that trip on the Hogwarts Express, and his stomach twisted. He remembered how he had tried run away from the Dementor hiding in Fred and George's compartment, and how he’d almost peed himself right there in front of them. The twins had been mocking him about it for the past 3 months. He did the same thing to Harry, knowing he passed out, to show everyone that he was not as weak as Harry. But really, he was scared of the Dementors, and hoped that he wouldn’t have to see them again.

He remembered when a big flash of white light had stopped the Dementor from entering his compartment, but he wasn't sure what his reaction had been. Right before that, he had been able to hear someone crying from another compartment.

"I asked Professor Lupin to teach you and Harry a spell to keep them far away. This is a very advanced spell but I am sure you two can learn it." Said Dumbledore.

Draco looked at him " Why me and Harry?"

Dumbledore looked down for a moment " You both had a very unpleasant childhood and this makes you more attractive for the Dementors, who feed on people's sorrow."

Draco sighed. He wondered what Dumbledore knew about him, and how many of his teachers knew what happened to his mother. Maybe someone could tell him the truth or confirm his memories? He had always wondered if anybody knew that the woman who was living with his father now, wasn't his real mother. "Sir, did you know my mother?"

Dumbledore looked at him worried. The kid was now looking into his eyes, and he was suddenly reminded of the same gray eyes looking back at him many years ago.

"Yes, I did" he said sadly. "She was a good woman and a very brilliant and fair witch"

Draco went pale; If Dumbledore knew that, he knew that Draco wasn’t a pureblood wizard. And what else did he know? But he was so glad to hear that his mother was a good person, and he’d always thought of her like that, although nobody would ever talk to him about her.

In that moment Remus Lupin knocked on the office's door "Here I am Albus!"

"Oh, come In Remus!" said Dumbledore.

Hermione entered her empty bedroom. She threw her bag on the bed, and went to the mirror. Her eyes were red from crying, and her hair was...shining?

She moved towards the mirror to look at it closer. Waving her wand over her hair, next to her neck, she watched as the wetness became a shapeless shiny mass, hanging from the wooden tip like a string.

"Oh Draco... you always cry your memories out...they must be so painful" she whispered, putting the mass into a small bottle.

Remus and Draco walked out of Dumbledore's office.

"We are going to meet a real Dementor now, are you sure you’re ready for this?" asked Remus

"Yes Sir" said Draco in his usual icy way. He was feeling ok and after two huge cups of that happiness tea, the Dementor didn't seem to be such a big deal. But after the painful holding of earlier, and the whole tea drinking thing, his bladder was now feeling kinda swollen. Going down the stairs, it was jolting and making itself more and more prominent.

Draco put his hands in his pockets and secretly pressed on his crotch. He realized they were going outside as they crossed the big door of the castle, heading down to the lake.

Remus checked the sky; A half moon was rising as the sun was quickly setting down behind the mountains. The air was fresh but not cold enough to be winter.

Draco hunched his shoulders under his mantel and pressed on his crotch again. His need was getting worse with the cold, and the tea was quickly filling up his bladder. Also, his muscles were relaxed from the tea but still stressed out. Holding it now was harder than usual. He felt a big twitch in his lower abdomen and stopped for a moment.

"Are you ok?" asked Remus looking at him

"I'm ok Sir,” replied Draco, narrowing his eyes and regaining control he kept walking.

As they reached the edge of the lake, it was dark already. They stopped in a clearing, a few steps away from the forbidden forest.

"They could be anywhere, so watch out. Hold up your wand."

Draco nodded and took his wand.

"Now, think about something that makes you happy. It has to be the happiest thing that has ever happened to you."

Draco felt sad, deciding that he probably didn’t have any good memories anyway. He couldn’t even remember his mother holding him like-it was like something had erased his memories of her from his mind. But he did know how much he loved her, and tried to focus on her.

"Have you fixed the thought in your mind?" asked Remus

"Yes" lied Draco

"Ok now repeat with me: Expecto Patronum! "

"Expecto... Patronum!" said Draco, but his wand didn't react.

"Say it again, " pressed Remus

Draco tried many times, but it just wouldn't work.

"Draco, your thought has to be real, and STRONG. Think of something that has made you truly happy"

Draco thought of Hermione, and the kiss she gave him, then tried again. A feeble white light came out of his wand.

"There you are! Try again!" Said Remus, rather excited

"Expecto Pat.." but he stopped as his bladder twitched violently, and he froze, pressing his legs together.

"Yes?" said Remus " What’s going on?" he looked at the kid who was biting his lip and shuddering.

"Are you cold?"

Draco nodded, his eyes watering. He was fighting his bladder with all his strength

"We will be back soon, so don't worry. Now concentrate on casting the spell"

Draco waved his wand again, and a small flash of light shot from the end a second time, yet it was still not enough. He shifted his weight, trying to regain control with a worried look on his face.

Remus was looking at him trying to understand what was wrong, as he felt the air getting colder.

Draco shuddered violently as the cold entered inside him like an icy hand on his skin.

"Watch out Draco, be ready ok? They are near"

As he said that, a Dementor reached them and floated directly to Draco.

Remus left him fighting the Dementor, ready to stop it if it was getting too much.

Draco backed up, then he heard a cry. A deep, subdued sob. It was like someone crying, pressing their face into a pillow. A devastating cry. His heart broke and was filled with sadness, depression and hopelessness. His legs went numb, and his right arm was burning and aching more than ever.

He fell to the ground.

When he opened his eyes. Professor Lupin was in front of him "Are you ok?"

Draco sat up quickly "what happened?" he asked worried" who was crying?"

Professor Lupin looked at him in the same way he looked at Harry inside the train and handed him a piece of chocolate.

"No one was crying. Don't worry. Eat this "

Draco stood up; his swollen bladder was making him very uncomfortable. Making sure he was out of his professor's sight crossed his legs for a moment and bent a bit at the waist.

"Eat up, we are trying again. Ok?"

"Yes Sir" said Draco eating the chocolate. That was working well on his mood, but he really had to pee now, and standing still was very hard. His bladder was pressing against the waist of his jeans and, and he had to rhythmically clench his muscles to hold back. He could feel the very tip of his holding muscles pulsing under the pressure.

"They’ll definitely approach us again ... Are you ok?" asked Remus, looking at the kid, who was standing stiff and shaking. " It’s not that cold, is it?"

Draco nodded, his teeth clenched, his expression worried and his eyes watering. He dug a hand into his pocket and bent a little forward.

"You don't look ok, but if you say so” Said Remus narrowing his eyes.

"I am ok, we can go on" lied Draco shuddering again.

"Ok, repeat the spell" said Remus.

Draco repeated the spell many times again but the light from his wand was coming and going and it would never perform a complete patronus. He was feeling like he was holding his magic power together with the liquid. It was so hard to concentrate on the thought, maybe the best thing would be to think about peeing, and maybe that would have made the perfect happy thought. He tried it out of desperation, but even that didn't work out.

"Draco you need to relax. Don't you know that casting a spell, especially one of this range, is a physical engagement?" he walked over to Draco and positioned himself behind him, the hand holding his wand, and moving his wrist in the right way, but he could feel that he was rejecting the contact. "Don't be so stiff! The energy must flow through your body and explode out of your wand."

Those words only made Draco think more about peeing, and he struggled desperately against the imminent leaking.

Remus continuously glanced at his wrist, and realized that Draco was stiff and shaking; there was no way he would be able to smooth out the boy’s movement.

He walked out in front of him, wondering what to do "Are you afraid of something here? "

Draco shook his head "No, Sir" his eyes welled up with tears.

"I know what just happened to you was terrifying, and you’re probably still shocked right now, but I assure you that this spell is a real therapy when you are in a mental breakdown. "

Draco's bladder twitched again and he strained, then stomped a foot to the ground and fell to one knee.

"Hey!" screeched Remus "what's wrong?!"

Draco was clenching his muscles so hard that his whole body was contracting in the effort.

His eyes were strained and watery. "Sorry..." he mumbled

"You can talk to me" said Remus, seeing that the child was in some sort of pain "Is there something wrong?"

Draco was cursing himself and that damned happiness tea; He wasn't able to get up. He knew that he would have to hold himself from now on if he wanted to stand up.

He strained his back as he felt a spurt coming out, and pressed his thighs together, kneeling like a frigging knight in front of the king.

He put his hand on the ground and got ready to try to stand up.

Remus suddenly realized what was wrong. "Draco? Do you need to go to the bathroom?" he glanced at him like he was a baby.

Draco blushed and looked down. He was so sure that he had been hiding it well enough ...so how did Professor Lupin know that?

"Look, you don't have to be shy with me, just go behind that tree ok?"

"Yes Sir" Said Draco, but he didn't dare move

"What's the matter?" asked Remus gently.

"I.... I can't stand up..." said Draco still looking down.

Remus Smiled softly "Why did you hold it till the last second?... come on, you can make it to the tree, I’m positive"

Draco widened his eyes as he saw a Dementor coming straight up behind Remus, but before he could say anything, the Dementor attacked the teacher very closely and started sucking his soul aggressively, dragging him toward itself, floating in front of the kid.

Draco was petrified. He soon realized that Remus was slowly fainting, not being able to react. Other Demntors were approaching them from further away in every direction.

He didn't think twice as he stood up, gripping his crotch tightly as possible, and waved his wand with his left hand, casting the spell.

"Expecto Patronum!!" He screamed and a big, blinding light came out of his wand, twisting and swirling around them like crazy. It then slipped between Remus and the Dementor, then gliding along over the lake, dragged all the dark creatures away.

Remus fell to the floor confused. He stared in awe at a big white mass of light jumping over him in the shape of a unicorn and fading in the dark.

"Well done Draco! That was a perfect Patronus!!" he said massaging his head and face, then looking for the chocolate in his pocket, shaking like a leaf.

He turned to Draco that was standing there, sobbing in tears, holding his crotch while a fountain of pee was gushing out his dark pants and falling on the ground.

The strength he put in casting the spell had just made him totally lose control.

Remus looked at him with tenderness. He stood up and walked towards the kid "Don't worry, It was an accident. You saved my life, by the way!"

But Draco was straining and sobbing like he was still holding.

"Listen to me, let it go now" said Remus and pointed out a tree few steps from them.

Draco looked at the tree, walked to it, and hiding behind it he unzipped his pants and freed himself, trying to relax his muscles. When he was done he wiped his eyes and spelled himself clean.

"Come here" said Remus sitting on a big stone.

"Yes Sir" said Draco, his voice cracking. This had been such a painful day.

"Sit here, eat some chocolate, you will feel better. Being close to a Dementor is always draining on your soul. It takes away every good feeling" he said, giving him another piece of chocolate, and taking some for himself.

"Thank you Sir" said Draco, nervously trying to avoid eye contact with him.

"Don't be ashamed ok? Once I peed myself when I was your age!"

Draco widened his eyes; He couldn't believe his professor said such a thing to him.

" I was in summer camp, I forgot to use the bathroom before we left and... I was too shy to ask!,"

He said smiling "let me only tell you once: don't hold it until the last second, and don't be shy about it. That's something you have to ask whenever you need to. You are 13 years old, you must know this already"

Draco was listening in silence. What he just said, was harder than learning any spell in the world to him. He nodded to be polite.

"Your Patronus is a unicorn" announced Remus, sighing.

"Wha..? ...hem Sir?" Asked Draco confused

"Your Patronus! You know, every Patronus has a different shape. It is the incarnation of the caster's innermost positive feelings, such as joy or hope. It takes the shape of an animal, which is also supposed to be your animal spirit guide. And yours is a unicorn. A beautiful and powerful animal!" He smiled again, a little absent minded as he remembered where he had seen that Patronus before.

"I see.. A unicorn" murmured Draco absent minded. He looked down at his left wrist, at the thin string of interwoven white wire. He remembered his mother lacing up that bracelet on his arm. Just the thought of it was making him feel better.

"Did you find your special, happy thought then?" Asked Remus smiling.

"I guess so.." said Draco but he didn't want to reveal it to Remus. "Why did I hear someone crying?" he asked

"That would be your worst memory. The Dementors pull up all the worst things inside you to make you feel like there's no hope, no happiness whatsoever."

Draco remained silent and thought about what his worse memory could be, if not his mother dying.

Hermione was sitting on the armchair of the Gryffindor common room. She had a big book on her lap.

The door opened up

"Hey, where have you been all day?" asked Ron entering the room with Harry.

"At the library" she said gravely.

"Of course, how could I even think, that you've been resting on Saturday afternoon!" said Ron rolling his eyes.

Harry laughed, "Did you find anything interesting?"

"Yeah" she handed the tiny bottle to Harry.

"What? More tears?" asked Harry?

"Whose tears?" asked Ron, jealousy clouding his voice.

"Calm down" Said Hermione "I almost got in trouble with Lucius Malfoy today. I witnessed the visit he gave to Draco." she stopped and felt a lump in her throat " He smashed his head on the wall! He’s nuts! We have to stop him!"

"Is Draco all right?" asked Harry worried

"I hope so” Hermione burst out in sobs.

Harry put a hand on her shoulder "I know, we need to find out why the guards of the castle are letting Lucius Malfoy in. There must be a reason; I don't think that Dumbledore knows it, or he would stop him. But I've been afraid to make things worse telling him."

"Maybe it's a little more complicated..." said Hermione "Draco says, he knows about that"

"What were you doing with Malfoy by the way? "Asked Ron "Wait, did you call him Draco?" but he didn't get any reply.

"I’m checking where he is,” said Harry and he opened the marauder’s map, making sure no one was around.

"He's not in the castle!" exclaimed Harry after a while

"What?" Ron and Hermione looked into the map.

"Ah! Here!” Said Harry pointing at Draco's name next to the lake at the edge of the map " He’s with Professor Lupin!"

"It's dark outside! What are they doing there?!" said Hermione, surprised.

The three kids looked at each other. Without saying a word, Harry jumped up the stairs, and came back after a few minutes, with the invisibility cloak in his hands.

......To be continued
