Hermoine's Detention

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2011-06-18 12:25

Hermoine's Detention

"Ms. Granger," Professor Snape looked up at the first year as she answered for the fifth time out of turn that week. "Since you seem to have trouble keeping your 'know it all' attitude to yourself, perhaps we can find use for that in detention this Saturday at 2:00."

"Ye...yes sir," Hermoine stumbled. It being just the second week of school, she was still a bit nervous of this teacher because he was the strictest and most mysterious of the teachers.

Saturday's Detention

Dressed in jeans and a lavender and darker striped shirt, Hermoine entered an obscure room in the dungeons near Snape's office. Her hair was its usual bushy mess, and her eyes were shiny as she looked around the drab cluttered office that had filing cabinets from wall to well.

"There you are," Professor Snape said from the shadows, and he moved into the dim candle light so that Hermoine could see that he was there. "Now, Ms. Granger. I'd like you to alphabetize those two file cabinets next to the door."

Written across the sides of the file cabinets were the words, "Random Files."

Professor Snape walked to the door of the small office, looked back once more to say a final note of fair well, and then turned and left. "You can leave when both of these cabinets are finished."

The door shut with a final thud.

"Well," Hermoine thought. "He didn't say I couldn't use magic." She pulled out her wand and pointed it at the cabinets. "Prioritize," she commanded.

Ten folders flew out of the cabinets and landed in a mess on the floor at her feet.

"What the...?" She reached down started trying to put the papers back in a folder. She was sure that was the right charm.

*002*2011-06-18 23:44

{{:

The tone is too posh for Snape's internal thoughts, and too babbling; all in all, overly out of character for him. The switch from first-person to third-person, coupled with the switch for past tense to present, is abrupt; it would make sense if the story had started in third person and switched to first, but sounds off as things are.

In addition to that, there's a surprising number of typos, as if this story has not been proof-read.

}}

Thanks Ranpalan. I'll rewrite it. You are right... about not being proof-read. I just had an idea and had to put my ideas down before I lost them, but obviously, I need to work on it a lot. I'll think about it some and rewrite this.

*005*2011-06-22 12:40

{{:

Looks pretty good to begin with, although the tone does sound a bit off. Just one question... is there going to be any desperation or wetting? I'm assuming it's not finished yet since it's pretty short and stops pretty abruptly. Sounds like a stupid question but I'm not sure if this section is strictly omarashi or not.

}}

I'm actually not sure if it is just omorashi either, but I was thinking about finishing it. I'm just trying to get my thoughts together on it as the first attempt was debunked, and I rewrote this actually. I still am not sure it's the right start... so not sure if I'm going to edit it again before I start adding to it.

When I do get into it, there will be some desperation followed by some "leaking" more likely rather than a full out flood.

