Public Encounters

Author: Ryoku-the-Fox

*000*2012-07-27 14:02

Okay, so this idea hit me just minutes before I began writing this thing here. I've never written a story on the spot and then posted it without editing it for weeks, or at least a few days, so I'm sure I'll be a bit nervous posting this. Not sure how far I want to take this plot (hah, "plot"... doesn't really apply to a fetish story, huh?), but I definitely want to share this scenario in my head. Warnings for foul language and explicit material! I've never written anything like this, so I'll be freaking out after it's posted... but.. well, here it is anyway. So... enjoy!

Introduction: The Lounge

Jason Astor sat in the lounge of yet another five star hotel, dwindling drink in hand. His position as a traveling business adviser warranted countless comparable trips; he'd sat in the lounges of so many five star hotels that he'd stopped bothering to learn the names. His business firm always provided him with a chauffeur to take him to and from meetings anyway, and his schedule never allowed him to explore the innumerable amount cities he'd been sent to. Sitting in his room between meetings didn't even give him the bragging rights of telling others how many states he'd been to. Staring at hotel walls hardly classified as sightseeing.

He swallowed the last bit of his vodka something-or-other, eyes scanning the room from his small couch in a darkened corner to observe the same types of people he always saw in every one of these Godforsaken hotels he was put up in. Silver foxes with college-aged arm candy (though he doubted they actually ever planned to attend college); bitter employees serving those much wealthier than themselves with deceitfully polite smiles; and fellow miserable traveling businessmen, occasionally "sneaking" a late-night guest into their bleak and nearly suicide-inducing rented rooms. Nothing new; he wasn't sure why he was always searching for something to break the mind-numbing monotony of these fucking trips.

With a sigh as big as his current attitude, he leaned forward to grab the Cincinnati Enquirer he'd given up on reading from the coffee table in front of him, when his eyes caught sight of something leaning against the bar across the room that made his entire body seemingly unable to function. Well, almost his entire body. He felt a twitch within the confines of his slate gray slacks as his eyes traced the curves of calves, up to the sinfully high hem of a little black dress, past the dangerously low neckline, and finally settled on a set of piercing gray eyes surrounded by dark brown curls. The woman who was currently fucking him in his mind was staring right at him, a dangerous smirk on her face as if she had caught him jerking off to the sight of her.

Realizing he must have had the look of a starved hound plastered over his face, he looked away to clear his throat before returning his gaze to her with an expression of cool indifference. She was walking straight for him, bringing along two glasses of dark-colored and hopefully potent liquor that would, with any luck, disintegrate any good judgment he may have had left for the night. Despite his efforts otherwise, his eyes insisted on trailing up and down her body, always settling back on her hips which swayed only slightly, but with a purpose she knew only he would catch on to.

After what felt to Jason like a painfully long walk across the room, she finally stopped in from of him, shifting her hips so that her legs pressed together in a way that looked almost awkward, but accentuated the curves of her body in a way that made Jason have to shift in his seat.

"Care for another?" she asked, holding out the glass of dark amber liquid in her left hand towards him.

"My mother always told me not to take drinks from strangers," he replied, reaching his right hand out for the propositioned drink. Her fingers rubbed over his as she surrendered the glass, and his eyes immediately shifted back up to hers as he pulled his hand away. He lifted the glass up, but instead of drinking from it he inhaled, keeping his eyes on her as he tried to keep from coughing the surprisingly strong scent out of his lungs.

"It's whiskey," she assured him, stepping over his shoes to take the spot on the love seat to his left. "Not Rohypnol. Surely you can't be worried that I want to drug you. I want you completely coherent tonight," she whispered the last part into his ear. He could almost feel her red lips against his skin, and took a gulp of his drink to keep from shivering. Instead, he coughed embarrassingly.

"You can't serve me this and expect me to remain coherent," he rasped, gripping the glass tighter while struggling to contain another cough.

"I have no worries that you won't stay coherent as long as I'm sitting here next to you. What I don't want is for you to stay completely dry." She shifted as she said this, drawing her perfectly shaped backside up from the couch to cross her legs tightly together.

Despite her words, he felt his mouth go almost completely dry as he let out the ragged cough he'd been trying to suppress. His knuckles whitened as he clenched his fists, trying to convince himself that this perfect woman did not have to pee. He was sure he'd come into his favorite boxers immediately if that were the case.

She chuckled, a loose and relaxed display of exactly how in control of the situation she was, and how rapidly Jason's control over himself was deteriorating. "Are you going to hold onto your stiff there the whole night or could you bear to let it go while I'm keeping you company?"

He nearly spluttered out the mouthful of whiskey he'd been in the middle of swallowing and turned to look at her in bewilderment, fully expecting her gaze to be directed at his nearly painful hard-on.

"Excuse me?"

Unexpectedly, her black-lined eyes were only looking at his face. His reaction must have been exactly what she wanted, because she was watching him again with a devilish smirk of amusement, lips turned up at the corner and brows raised expectantly.

"Your newspaper. It seems to be your lifeline at the moment," she gestured with her eyes to his death-grip on the folded fish wrapper, which he'd forgotten he'd picked up and neglected to put back down. "Is the news really so urgent that you must read it now, or can it wait until tomorrow morning when I'm done with you?" she taunted with another shift of the legs that he observed too closely.

He chuckled in response, trying to regain some semblance of rationality, and loosened the grip on his paper that had been so tight it made his fingers sore to release it. The wedding band on his left hand had been digging into his finger painfully. He set the crumpled cage liner back on the table in front of them, resting his glass next to it. She put her own unconsumed glass of liquor onto the table, as well.

"You have my full attention," he guaranteed, settling his now available left hand onto her knee as she shifted again, making him sure of the reason for her apparent discomfort.

"Glad to hear it," she said, voice lowering in a way that made him unable to repress a shudder as she lifted herself off the couch and seated herself on his lap. "Because I don't know how much longer I can wait," she nearly growled, lips pressed against his ear. He moaned in excitement, his entire body flushing hot and his cock jumping as she squirmed over him. She dragged a finger down his shirt, following the line of his buttons, and stopped at his belt, hooking two fingers of both her hands into the loops.

"How long-" he began, but was cut off by her mouth as she smothered him with an open-mouthed kiss, her entire body wriggling over him in equal parts desperation and excitement.

She pulled away with a pant and began whispering harshly into his ear as she rubbed her ass over his crotch. "You want me to pee on you, don't you, you filthy mother fucker? That freaky shit turns you on, doesn't it? I'd bet you'd soak these fucking pants yourself if I wasn't here to soak them for you, wouldn't you?"

"Oh, shit," he moaned, head falling backwards and thumping against the back of the couch. Lifting his head back up, he managed to pant out, "I thought you wanted me coherent tonight."

"I only said I wanted you coherent as long as I was sitting next to you," she corrected in a tone that was entirely condescending. Releasing one of his belt loops, she rubbed her hand over the hard bulge in his slacks, and then moved the hand to hold herself between her legs. "I'm not exactly sitting next to you anymore, am I?"

"No, not exactly," he panted. "Instead you're degrading yourself on top of me." She moaned as he grabbed her hips harshly, and moved her hands to hold onto his shoulders "I bet nearly wetting yourself is turning you on, isn't it? Here you are throwing yourself on me just begging me to let you pee on me. How long have you been holding it in with this exact moment in mind?" He pulled her down to sit directly on top of his throbbing penis. "So just do it," he growled into her ear.

Her entire body tensed up with a shudder as she climaxed, fingers gripping his shoulders hard, and only a second later did he feel her releasing onto his lap everything she had pent up. The intense heat of her urine enveloped him, and as she sat over him panting and voiding her bladder, he came long and hard, digging his fingers harder into her hips in an effort to keep quiet.

She continued peeing for what felt like a long time after they had both finished. He let his head thump back against the couch again, and she rested her face in the hollow between his neck and shoulder, inhaling his fading cologne. It took minutes after she was done for either of them to move, and when she lifted her face away he immediately surveyed the room for anyone who may have witnessed their quick tryst.

No one was looking at them. In a hotel this expensive, the steep fee also paid for the general disregard by the hotel staff of any lewd or lascivious behavior. The other guests were even less likely to glare judgmental daggers at him; most of the patrons were likely only at the hotel to engage in similar behavior themselves.

She noticed him searching the room, and leaned in to whisper, "You'd better believe they all noticed, baby. And they all know what we did. Every guy in here wishes it was him I just pissed on."

Jason's eyes finally settled on the bartender that had mixed their drinks, who was staring at them, wide-eyed. He fixed the uniformed voyeur with a harsh glare, but his stare-down was interrupted as she grabbed his chin harshly to ensure she had his attention. He felt the cold metal of a ring on her left hand press against his cheek as she held his face. She kissed him again, a wide-mouthed kiss that he would describe as 'filthy' if he had been watching himself from across the room. Her lips came away looking distinctly less red, and he was sure of where it had rubbed off, if the smirk on her face was anything to go by.

"Have fun in your room tonight, Jason." She stood, and he noticed the smallest line of urine dripping down her leg from under the hem of her dress. "I'll see you when you get home, babe."

He watched her walk all the way to the hotel entrance, the line of urine trailing farther down her leg until it nearly reached her high heeled shoe, until she walked out without a backwards glance.

"See you when I get home, Jess," he muttered to himself with a stupid smirk on his face. He sat for another minute in his cold trousers, pondering over how much more enjoyable than any other business trip this one already was.

Finally, after he was sure that his second erection couldn't be willed away until he changed out of slacks soaked with pee that wasn't his own, he stood and made his way to the hotel elevator. The guests and service drones who had been previously and conveniently "unable" to see him sitting on the loveseat in the back of the lounge now looked at him with mild disgust, before looking away quickly, as if they would be considered as filthy as himself if they were caught staring.

He waited in front of the elevator in his wet pants, ruined as pee continually dripped further down his legs, fully prepared to jerk off once back in his room to the thought of his wife, who had flown all the way to Ohio from Colorado just to pee on him. As the elevator dinged, seemingly celebrating its own arrival, Jason thought that he'd have to start asking if the company would pay to fly his wife to these miserable hotels, as well.

So... it's now 6:30 in the morning... and I started this about 3. lol, I'm pretty nervous to post this, but I'll just think of it as a trial run and blame severe exhaustion as my reason for actually posting it. I know it has really cheesy dialogue in it that works out just perfectly for the story, but I kind of meant for it to be that way. There's also not much description of the desperation or wetting or Jason's pants after Jess wet on him, but this story wasn't meant to be THAT much omorashi.

Anyway, I hope some people enjoy this! I have no idea if I want to write more about Jason and Jessica (didn't mean for the super cutesy couple "Double J's", haha, but I like it anyway), but maybe I will write more if inspiration strikes. Anyway.. I'm going to sleep at 7:00 now. Oh, and also, I know some of it may be a bit offensive, but I was really trying to write in a way I normally don't, which I suppose is offensive and foul. And here's where I got some hilarious slang for the word "newspaper: http://english.stack...s-for-newspaper

Lol, okay, I'm done now. Let me know if you actually liked this? (freaking out as I'm posting)

Ryoku

*007*2012-07-31 19:59

Hello to everyone who reviewed and all readers, and a HUGE thank you! I'm so glad to know there are people enjoying my very first semi-omo story. I kind of expected this out of myself, but I definitely want to continue this. It seems to be impossible for me to have a one chapter fiction and NOT want to continue it. So, it may take a few days (especially since my math summer class final is coming up), but this story will be continued! Oh, the ideas I have! You will love them, I promise. So, hopefully I will have a few people following this story. It won't be entirely centered on omorashi, but I WILL include more soon. Remember, I'm new at this, so any bad writing that I may spout out is purely due to inexperience and experimentation! Anyway, I will update soon and most likely reply to my lovely reviewers. Thanks again!

*008*2012-08-10 11:08

Hello, readers! Thanks again to all my reviewers, and I promise I will get back to you soon (though it is almost 4 in the morning as I type, so I don't feel up to doing so now). I've had this written and edited for a few days and I actually FORGOT to post it. *scoffs* Such a moron sometimes. BUT alas, I'm rambling. WARNING: Offensive stuffs and sexual things ahead! Barely any omo in this chapter, but I'll get to it. Like I said, I don't want this to be all omorashi. So, read and enjoy!

Chapter 1: The Aftereffects

Jason was barely able to make it through the five day business trip after the visit Jess had paid him on the first night. He found his thoughts drifting back to her at every minute of the day, and with these thoughts found himself constantly hard. If he had forgotten what it had been like to be a teenager getting aroused by only the friction of his jeans as he walked, he was certainly being reminded now. The meetings with his company’s insufferable clients were maddening, and during each meeting he would be carried off by his fantasies, only to be ripped back down into the white-walled rooms by the incessant questions of his fellow businessmen.

With meetings scheduled everyday that always lasted hours longer than their allotted time, Jason couldn’t help but despise these particularly difficult to please clients, and often gave them unintentionally hostile grins and subtly offensive comments. The infuriatingly long meetings were delaying him from returning to his silent hotel room in order to relive that night in the lounge, and relieve the erections the thought of that night gave him.

The best way to relieve himself once back in his room, he’d found, was to soak his pants himself as thoroughly as Jess had soaked them that night. Adding to his distractions during meetings, he’d let his bladder fill to the point of discomfort, neglecting to use the bathroom when the clients called for a break and drinking more water than he usually did. It was exhilarating. The picture of professionalism, he’d never before allowed himself to be so disgustingly aroused on any of his trips, and had especially always smothered any thoughts of his fetish.

As he had learned from experience, thinking about a woman clutching at herself in desperation or wetting herself entirely was much too distracting, and normally he would never allow himself to be distracted in such a way while doing business. This trip, however, was like a visit to a private school for someone living in the ghetto; it seemed magical, intimidating, almost like a separate world, and was a reminder of how indescribably good life could be. He had wet himself more on this one trip than he ever had, total, spanning all the way from the discovery of his fetish in his hormone-fueled teen years to the present day.

With his nightly schedule of wetting and wanking, he had barely been able to speak with Jessica aside from a few sleepy phone conversations; the two hour time difference seemed miniscule compared to the difference between Colorado and a city across the fucking ocean like Rome, but the long hours of his days meant that by the time he was able to call her, he was nearly falling asleep with the phone tucked between his neck and shoulder. During one conversation, he very nearly had fallen asleep, and Jess had needed to shout at him through the phone to get his attention again. She laughed at him and told him to go to sleep, and made sure to keep their conversations short and basic after that. His exhausted phone calls meant that he hadn’t had a chance to bring up what had happened in the hotel lounge. He figured it was just as well; seeing her in person again would give him the chance to show her exactly how much he had enjoyed her company that night.

Finally, by midday on the last day of his trip, Jason was able to placate the executives and finish the assignment which had been the purpose for his trip. He left the office thoroughly irritated after a few firm handshakes, comforted only slightly by the thought of making it home to Jess by midnight that same night. The thought of his nearly seven hour long trip home made his skin itch, as did the thought of sitting for an hour each in two different airports waiting for his connecting flights, and he could only placate himself by laughing internally at all the poor souls who were forced to sacrifice a short trip for a low price.

Hours later, arriving at the Gunnison Regional Airport, he instantly regretted his decision to drive himself to the airport when he had left for his trip, insisting that Jess shouldn’t be forced to pick him up at such a late hour upon his arrival home. He drove the cold Colorado streets blackened by midnight at an unsafe speed, fully intending to awaken Jess without contrition and devour her. Walking up to his broad mahogany double doors less than an hour later, he could hear the sound of Jess’s treasured piano being played in their study.

Once inside, he dropped his bags next to the door, a move that Jess would have scolded him for, and made his way to the study at the back of the house. She was sitting at her grand piano wearing only a short plum-colored nightdress, dark hair falling about halfway down her back and frizzing slightly, indicating that she had tried to sleep but hadn’t been able to, most likely tossing and turning in anticipation of seeing him again. But then again, maybe Jason was just projecting his anticipation onto her. She was playing a song he couldn’t identify, despite the fact that he was sure he’d heard it a thousand times.

He leaned against the doorframe leading into the room lit by the single lamp next to her piano and watched. Her hands moved with the practiced ease of a veteran player, and her eyes closed occasionally, trusting her fingers to remember their way across the keys on their own. The nimbleness of her hands was something he had always been fascinated by, and he would sometimes catch himself watching them as she did simple things like writing, cooking or just turning the pages of a book. He had always loved the way her hands looked when she played. She never played with any extra stupid looking flourish of the hands, nor did her muscles or veins ever stick out excessively when she played, as he had seen on some pianists. Her hands were always softer than baby-soft with contradictory calluses on the insides, nails the perfect length, and had a mysterious scar of unknown origin between two of her fingers on her right hand, which he often found himself caressing when he held her hand.

Removing his jacket, he walked over to lean on the body of the piano. She took notice of him them, but said nothing and continued playing, missing only a single note as her grey eyes met his eager green ones. Silently, she turned her eyes back to her song, only looking up again when she noticed him removing his shirt. She missed another note. He walked slowly to stand behind her and rested his hands on her shoulders, rubbing them with his thumbs. She let out a sigh and missed a note again. He pushed one strap of her dress off her shoulder and caressed her now-exposed breast, leaning down to suck hard on her neck. Her song ended with the uncomfortable combination of mismatched notes, and he immediately pulled her up to him to kiss her hard.

Leaning her back against the piano, he began kissing her neck and said to her, “I don’t think that’s how that song is supposed to end.”

She let out a breath as he ran his hands over her silk-covered behind, and dug her finger into his sides. “If you want the whole song then don’t distract the pianist,” she scolded.

He chuckled as he began lifting her dress over her head. “I’m sure I’ve heard that song before,” he taunted, knowing she practiced it weekly. “What’s it called again?”

“Shut up,” she moaned, as he kissed between her breasts. “Not against the piano.”

Instead, he lowered her to the floor.

A few hours later, Jason, unable to sleep despite being back in his own bed, leaned against the headboard and watched as Jessica slept next to him on her stomach, face slightly squished against the pillow. He smiled as he moved a stray lock of hair from her face, and then began running his fingers through the length of her hair. Her face seemed to relax at the soft caresses, and her fingers, which lay curled into a loose fist next to her face, twitched slightly as if wanting to reach out for him. Taking the time to admire her face, he was once again struck by how lucky he was. And to think she’d had a boyfriend when he met her.

Settling in next to her, he grinned hugely in anticipation of the conversation he was going to strike up with her in the morning.

So, tell me how you liked it! Like I said, Jason may be a bit offensive, but that's the dude that walked into my head and slapped this story into me- that's just the way he is! I'll develop Jess more soon.

I actually already know how this story is going to end, which has never happened to me while writing! I've got the main situation all thought out, and even though I don't have the main story climax yet (though I have so many ideas), I have the intro and the solution all worked out. So many ideas begging to be written! And, of course, LOTS of omorashi in the near future!

Okay, I need to stop and sleep now!

See any errors? Report em!

Thanks for reading!

*009*2013-02-09 10:50

*checks date of last post and hides behind hands*

Chapter 3: The Unexpected

When Jason awoke the next morning, Jess was wriggling out from under his arm. He hummed his disapproval and tried to wrap his arm around her again. She stopped him and pushed the blankets off her naked body, moving to get out of bed.

“Come back here,” he scolded, mumbling sleepily as he tried again to grab her. She wiggled free again, but didn’t get far. He grabbed her waist and pulled her to him, pressing her back against his naked front.

He held her as she squirmed, and finally said, “Jason, stop. I need the bathroom.”

“Just go right here,” he muttered, kissing the back of her neck. “I’ve been waiting all week for you to pee on me again,” he nearly moaned, and kissed her neck again. “Can’t believe you left me alone in that hotel after that.”

Jess continued to squirm, tilting her head backwards to deny him access to the soft skin above her shoulders. “What the hell are you talking about?” she asked, trying harder to push his arms off of her to escape to the bathroom. “And I’m not going to pee on you. That’s disgusting.”

Jason scoffed, but let go of her as he stretched out on the bed leisurely and said, “God, you enjoyed wetting on me as much as I did. Don’t think pretending it didn’t happen will get you out of doing it at least one more time.”

Pausing next to the bed with her hand between her legs, she gave him a bewildered look. “Were you fantasizing about that again on your trip? I told you how much it creeps me out when you think about me indulging in your… fetish,” she told him distastefully.

Confused, Jason sat up in bed, exposing his half-hard erection to the cold air of the room as the blankets slid further down his body. He stared at her for a moment, face scrunched in confusion as he waited for her to break into a huge smile and tell him she was just messing with him (and then, hopefully, pee all over him). When her expression stayed the same, he said, “You’re messing with me, right? You showed up at my hotel and pissed on me in the lounge. I’m pretty sure there’s literally no way you could have forgotten doing that.”

Exasperated, Jess squirmed in place for a moment, letting out a huff of frustration. “I’ve been here the entire time you’ve been gone, Jason. I think you’re so obsessed with these fantasies that you’re confusing them with real life.”

Jason recoiled, shocked and offended. “Are you fucking kidding me?” he demanded, voice rising with annoyance. “How the hell could I fabricate an entire night and fully believe it happened when it didn’t? You came to my hotel and pissed on me in front of a room full of people.” Jess opened her mouth to reply, but Jason cut her off. “I have the dry-cleaning bill from the pants you pissed on to prove it. It’s not exactly possible to fabricate that out of fantasies, is it?”

Jess let out a short breath and replied in a low tone of voice, “I don’t appreciate you speaking to me like that, Jason-“

“Speaking to you like what? Calling your bluff?”

Jess hissed suddenly and doubled over slightly, apparently losing any desire to argue further in the interest of not peeing on the floor.

“Maybe wetting somewhere other than a toilet will refresh your memory of following me to Cincinnati to get me off,” Jason commented, unable to help himself. Jess gave him an acid glare as she rushed to the bathroom, slamming the door behind her.

Adjusting himself so his exposed flesh was beneath the blankets, Jason watched the door angrily. He listened to the sound of water running into the toilet and then into the sink, and got up quickly and stood in front of the door before she reemerged. Surprised, her footsteps stuttered when she nearly ran him over, but she quickly recovered with a glare of her own, a shove and a determined naked march to the walk-in closet. Before she could shut the door behind her, Jason called out, “You and I both know you wetting on me in a hotel lounge wasn’t just a fantasy. Don’t think you can convince me otherwise.

I’ll find some evidence that you followed me to Ohio. Plane tickets, miles on the car, money taken from the accounts- your trip didn’t go undocumented.” He thought he saw some expression flash across her face, but it was there and gone too quickly for him to determine what she was thinking. He walked over to her and stopped just short of their bodies touching each other. “I’ll find what I need to prove that you were there.” He leaned in close, wisps of her hair tickling his face, and whispered into her ear, “And I’ll even find a way to prove that you enjoyed indulging me in my fetish as much as I did.”

She looked surprised when he pulled away and walked out of their bedroom, and listened with a feeling of satisfaction as the closet door was slammed closed in frustration.

Woo! So this story has sat forgotten for much too long. I’ve known where I want to take this story since I started it, but when it comes to actually sitting down and typing it up… well, that’s where all my stories end before they begin (*cough*procrastination*cough*). To be honest, I just finished writing this after spending the last few hours on it. It may not be the best (and it's definitely rushed), but I’m trying to get back into it, and get any readers I may have had back into this story, too! My updating may be sporadic considering I have nothing written up beyond this chapter, and school just started back up, but hopefully my story is worth waiting for *crosses fingers.* Obviously still no omorashi, but I will not make you wait any chapters more. The next one will have omorashi fer shure...! Whenever it may come out! heheh...

See mistakes? Point them out! Have a comment? Leave it! Have a question? Ask it! I love you all!

Ryoku

