The Necklace-Part 1-Uranus and Neptune

Author: Princess Jury

*000*2011-03-09 01:00

A little girl with blonde pigtails stared onto her sirvalnce screens. She stroked her dog, Princess and smiled. She pushed a giant red button, and some of the girls on the screen stopped their running and looked down at their feet with surprised reactions. The girl was only 7, but she had the power to morph into someone 10 year older then her, and her power involved her messing peoples' bodies-thus, shaming them-which gives her energy. She swirled in her chair. The room was small, only big enough to hold the 8 giant screens that blinked on and off. She jumped up and her orange pinafore changed into a white skirt with a pink flower pattern, tan boots with flowers along the sides that made her 2 inches taller, and a cranberry sweater tied in the back. She gasped at her blood-red necklace that was carefully tied around her neck, the thing that gave her her 17 year old body.

She lifted her skirt to reveal her crisp white panties. She loved how this was the only form that gave her possaible optiouns for exposing her underwear. She scooped the dog up. Her dog had curly brown fur and a golden collar and crown on her head and neck. The dog cleared her throat. "Ahem. Well, do you have the girls I asked for?" The girl sneered. "Not quite all-but enough to shame." She turned a dial on the steel door and it opened slowly. She dropped the dog. "How many? And which ones? We need the ones close to adulthood, not the foolish children." Princess explaned. The girl, Lisa, looked around and shrunk to her non makeuped child form. "You just said to bring the GIRLS! You said nothing about their ages!" She burst into tears. Princess sighed. "Let's just work with what you brought." Lisa jumped up and turned into her teenager form. She nodded. "Yeah!"

Lisa opened one door a crack and winked at Princess. She was holding a giant pitcher of ice-cold lemonade. "Um, I thought we were supposed to make them pee themselves, not give them beavrages." Liza kicked Princess. "Foolish dog! This is to tempt them into peeing. See how it's yellow? Plus, I'll just make them imange that the pitcher is their full bladder, slowly emptying. BOOM! They'll be wetter then the Sea of Japan once I'm done." Lisa took a sip for good measure. Princess nodded, even though she only followed half. "Well, let's go." Lisa pushed the door open.

Inside, there were two girls in simular ouftis tied to a ivy-covered post. Their heads were down, so one girl's hair was in her face. "I suppose you want me to let you go now." The long-haired girl lifted her head up a bit, so her aquamirine curls bobbed a bit. Her blue eyes shined with hatred. "Well, I'm not. I bet you are so desperte right now because magical girls NEVER, EVER think of using the bathroom before their missions!" The girl with aquamrine hair turned to see Lisa, floating on air and sipping her lemonade. She smiled. The other girl wouldn't look up, so Lisa figured this was the girl she needed to shame. She moved closer and slurped in an annoying way, sucking more air through the straw then drink.

The girl lifted her head. She had her dirty blonde hair cut in a boyish way and she had dark blue eyes. She turned away. Lisa beamed. "This lemonade tastes really good. Cool and refreshing. I need to empty this whole pitcher of FLUID so that it doesn't overflow and make a mess!" she said in a sugary sweet way, yelling the word fluid as loudly as possible. Princess sighed. "We're doomed." The girl fell back in the air. "Princess," she whispered, "Which one looks more desperte?" she asked. Princess pretended to think. "I'd say the chick with the boy hair. She won't look at you, while the other girl is staring at floor. Wait a minute...." Princess realized. "Maybe they are both? Just keep slurping." she insructed. The poor 17 year old nodded. She stood in front of the girls, and, smiling her best fake smile, removed the straw and tipped the pitcher so more juice poured in. Some of the yellow drops fell by her feet. "Oops, I made a little puddle!" She fake-giggled.

She moved a bit closer to the blonde-haired one just in case she was the desperte one. Uranus looked at the pitcher carefully. Tears came to her eyes as she watched the girl drinking the pitcher and giggling everytime she dropped some. Lisa saw the girl's tears. She dropped the whole picther on the floor, making it splash and crash.

"Oh, look at the mess! I just lost control and made a huge mess!" She winked at Princess and a smaller cup full of water appeared. "Just imange if I rid the cup of all this fluid, how much lighter the cup will be! Don't you want to see how great an empty cup would feel?" Neptune opened her eyes to see what happened. She was surprised that nothing had happened yet. Uranus was desperte, but since she was tied, she couldn't do anything. She beat her boots on the tile.

Lisa was whipsering to Princess about one of the girls. "Get ready to be overflowed with energy," she stated. Neptune felt sorry for her girlfriend. "You aren't really going to lose control, right? Because that is what fuels the girl's plans. She wants you to." Neptune pleaded. Uranus smiled at her. "That's what I plan to do. Then, she'll untie us and we can go find the rest of the girls." Neptune sighed. "I hope you know what you are doing."

Lisa rushed to her control room to get something she always used for extracting energy-her necklace. She ripped it off and dashed back into the room where the girls were.

Uranus crossed her legs so it looked like she tried despertely to hold on, then smiled at Neptune. Neptune smiled back. Lisa pushed open the door and Princess jumped onto her. "Ouch! What's wrong with you?!" Uranus let go and a stream fell from between her crossed legs. Princess started panting as her expasrated owner threw her off into the wall. "Ow, that hurts!" Princess cried.

Neptune tried to break free of her cords and succceded. She fell to the ground and saw Lisa holding her necklace, glowing a chilling blood red after being fused with the energy. Princess growled and ripped the necklace away, scratchnig Lisa in the process. "Ow! Bad girl!" She fell to the ground with her legs in the air. Neptune half gasped, half giggled.

"The necklace! Grab the freaking necklace! Don't stand around like a bunch of itiots!" Princess cried. Neptune and Lisa both dived for the necklace, but the impact of them caused the necklace to slid. Uranus broke free of her cords and tried diving for the necklace. "Grab the necklace!"

"No, grab the girls!"

"Grab both!"

"You lost control? That explans why I'm attracted to you again."

"Let's do it later. Now, let's grab the necklace!" Nobody could get anything done because they were running around chasing the necklace.

Lisa jumped into the air, but because of her powers, stayed like that. This allowed Princess to grab the necklace and finish collecting the energy. Neptune swiped it away and tried to crack the glass. Lisa fell to the ground and ran off with the necklace.

"Look! It's the way out!" Neptune cried. She started running towards the door. Princess slipped on the spilled lemonade-or what she hoped what was lemonade, since it was under the post. "Where's the necklace?" she asked. Lisa started screaming in mid-air. "No! I don't care about the energy now! I just want the girls!" She morphed into a 7 year old again. "Find them!" She fell into her chair to oversee her screens again. She pushed the button.

"I know where your little friends are, Sailor Scouts. You can't run from me forever!" She saw Neptune sinking to the ground crying and Uranus kissing her to make her feel better. Neptune smiled and got up, her skirt dripping. Princess sat next to her mistress so she could be stroked. "You won't hide from me forever, Sailor Scouts. I have the power to make your social lifes aboustley mishrable." She laughed.

*002*2011-03-09 21:02

{{: 

I know English is not your first language, but please check out your spelling. It makes things flow (no pun intended) a lot easier.

MODEDIT:

Sorry for the double post, I cannot edit my previous post.

I just read and saw that English WAS your first language. I thought that you were Japanese. Sorry.

I still think you are a Guy In Real Life though.

}}

I wish I lived in Japan-they are rerunning Sailor Moon. XD Anyway, I'm a horrible speller, so I tend to make a mess of words and sometimes splash random letter here and there.(No pun intended) And I'm a girl. :)

