Story a Day - Wet at Home Depot

Author: MrMakeherWait

*000*2012-07-23 06:52

Story idea from Faust: "Faust would suggest something such as perhaps a girl who's working at her job gets distracted doing various things, and as such, uses up her break times without being able to visit the Facilities. "

964 words and still more to come... maybe I suck at short stories. :)

Here we go:

"Sweetie, have some juice with your breakfast." A tall glass of orange juice, that was thanks to her mom. "One Venti Mocha Frapucinno coming right up." Starbucks was thanks to her craving a quick pick up on the way to work. The first and 2nd bottles of water, well that was a longer story…

###

Michelle crossed her legs and tried to ignore the dull ache from her lower abdomen. Only 15 minutes until her first break and then 2 hours more to wait after that. She wasn't worried, she'd never had a weak bladder - but then again she'd never held it on purpose for so long either.

"Good morning, welcome to Home Depot. Did you find everything you were looking for?" She smiled as she helped another customer with their purchases and thought about how she found herself in this unique predicament.

After making fun of a girl for having an accident at the register last week she had learned that the manager Jim was actually a bit of a sadist that enjoyed making the girls hold their pee. Or that was what she was told. So far he seemed like a nice guy that had been nothing but nice to her.

Unfortunately she had made fun of the wrong girl, though. Mary was the most senior and word had it she was the reason the girl Michelle replaced had been fired. To get back on her good side Michelle was to drink 2 bottles of water and then skip her first break. Michelle thought that was a weird request, but at the time it had seemed easy enough.

She took another sip from her second bottle of water and squeezed her legs together momentarily as the water told her brain she had to go worse than she really did. She could do this. She waved to Mary who was working two registers down.

###

Only 25 more minutes until her second break. Michelle clenched her legs together tighter and pushed harder with the hand that was already pressed firmly between her legs and had been the past few minutes. Suddenly a wave hit her and she bent over, bending at the knees slightly while pressing them together tight. She looked up to see an old man staring at her quizically.

She immediately jerked her hand out from between her legs and stood as straight as she could manage. A sharp pain jetted thru her abdomen as she stood and she thought perhaps a spurt of pee had slipped out, but she couldn't be sure.

"Hello, welcome to Home Depot… Did you…" she continued speaking but she could only think about her full bladder crying for release. As soon as the customer left her hand shot back between her legs and she hit the manager assistance call button.

"Jim, could I please take a quick break? Yes I know it's only 20 more minutes, but I just need to visit the ladies room really…"

"Really Michelle? You can wait another 20 minutes. If I let you go then I have to let everyone take an early break. You know the rules." Could it be true? He certainly didn't seem to be nice right now.

###

"Break time," Jim said as he walked by 20 minutes later.

Michelle stood frozen in place for a moment as a rather sharp pain ran thru her body. She felt a warm spurt of pee escape into the crotch of her white cotton panties. The pain subsided momentarily and she dashed to the employee locker room. She just needed to grab her phone to check for messages, then the potty.

Damn, the employee restrooms were being cleaned… She turned on her phone and headed towards the public potties at the front of the store. She was definitely walking strangely at this point. She was slightly hunched over and was taking small steps trying to keep her legs as close as she could. She felt if she separated them much more there was nothing she could do to keep the pee from flooding out. She knew from Mary's experience last week what that looked like in the skin tight khaki's they were required to wear.

It wasn't pretty.

She was just about to step into the girl's restroom when her phone buzzed. Not just any buzz, but Rick's text-tone. Squeezing her legs tighter she paused for a moment to read his message:

"Babe, big news, call me ASAP when you read this. I have a BIG surprise for you. Love ya."

OMG, Michelle loved surprises… she really had to pee but… she could hold it just a few more minutes. She changed course and headed outside as she hit redial.

###

OMG, a free cruise. You hear about these scams, but Rick had confirmed it was true. They had won a week long cruise for two to the Carribean. She couldn't wait to tell someone - but first, the potty. She looked down at the small tennis ball sized wet spot between her legs.

Rick had been so excited she hadn't been able to interrupt. She also hadn't been able to control the waves of desperation that continued to hit her. Each time the sharp pain hit now should could feel a squirt of hot pee jetting out into her panties. Her crotch felt quite damp. She was afraid to stand but somehow managed. She ran inside directly towards the potties.

She felt another squirt escape. She couldn't see it yet, but this time the pee had started to slowly run down her right leg soaking into the fabric of her light khakis as it went. She was losing control as she started to pull the door open.

Suddenly, out of nowhere, an arm slammed down against the door.

To be continued...

