The Little Wet Vampire 2: The Protege

Author: OmoCommando

*000*2012-07-03 00:53

A continuation of my previous story, The Little Wet Vampire, about two weeks or so after Nikki's accidental wetting in a school after being trapped there by the sun, she runs into a familiar character from that school and gets an evil idea. This story is intended to show, Nikki's darker, corrupted side. A side effect of having preyed on humans like cattle and estranging heself from society.

Six O’clock, and still direct sunlight was beating down on the neighborhood. Summer was one of the most aggravating seasons, because of the increased amount of daytime. The sun usually didn’t leave the sky until about eight, so Nikki walked over to her bed in her new foreclosure she coaxed out of the mayor. She decided not to go fancy this time. This house was barely worth $23,000 but what else could she ask for? She jumped onto the bed, which was really just a beat-up mattress she dragged inside with a bunch of soft towels that local neighbors courteously “donated.” It’s not as though she needed sleep, though. Vampires don’t need sleep unless they haven’t fed in the last day after all. Still, she laid on her back and stared blankly at the ceiling. For what felt like hours, she reminisced on days past, fantasized about the next boy she would seduce, or maybe just troll the city. Nikki checked her new phone, 6:17, it read.

“Dammit.” She mumbled. The sun was almost mostly down though. Nikki figured she go out anyway. A vampire as old as she was could probably last a few minutes of indirect exposure. Nikki put the phone away and started to think again about the next boy she’d meet. What if he was... a little older than her body. Around thirteen or fourteen. Fairly long, unkempt blonde hair- no! Short and gelled back. Give him some sunglasses for a nice mysterious look. And quietly sneak him up into the bedroom. The thought was titillating. It would start as some innocent kissing, then accelerate into something serious. Touching each other, feeling the dimensions of the other’s body and the warmth of his skin on hers, until eventually clothes would come off. Nikki began to get highly aroused at her fantasy, and she soon found her hand reaching down into her pants.

Ding-dong!

“Aw, what the hell!?” Nikki yelled as her hand whipped out of her clothes. She jumped off of the bed and ran to the door. She slowly and cautiously opened it to see a police officer.

“Hello, young lady.” He said rather sternly. “Where’s your parents?”

“Away. What is it?” She answered with an identical tone.

“We believe someone here is connected with the disappearance of several people around here.”

“Oh really?” Nikki grinned and showed off her fangs.

“Yes and...” the cop looked at the girl’s teeth. “What the fu-”

Nikki kneed the man in the groin, and while he was bent over in pain, she bit into the side of his neck. Not gently, as she did with Caden a few weeks back, but hard and violently. After sucking out a sufficient amount of blood, she took the man by the chin and snapped his neck. The officer fell to the floor, twitched once, and ceased all movement. Not a trace of regret was in the vampire girl’s eyes. She had killed before, and she was used to it. The only thing Nikki did was grin and wipe the blood from her mouth.

“Ah well.” She sighed. “Time to move to another town if they’re investigating me.” She went back to her bedroom and took her single bag of clothes. One of the beauties of being a vampire was that if one was on the move, one did not need to pack food. She slung her pack over shoulder and started out the door, stepping over the body. Still a bit of sunlight out, and Nikki winced as the blistering heat washed over her. She felt her power wane, feeling more like that twelve year-old girl a hundred and seventy years ago. Nevertheless, Nikki did not want to spend the week fighting off cops. She took a deep breath and trudged off into the sunset.

As she walked by a small park, there on the swings of the playground, sat a familiar-looking little girl in a pretty pink blouse and a white skirt, with two red ribbons in her long blonde hair. It was the same girl she had seen from that school where Nikki had... wet herself. The vampire put her hand over her face in shame at the thought. The young girl saw Nikki and ran over to her.

“Hi!” She chimed.

“Uh... hi?” Nikki replied, pretending not to remember the girl.

“I remember you from school! What was your name?”

The vampire hesitated. “...Nikki.”

“Nikki! That’s such a beautiful name!” The young girl grabbed Nikki’s arm. “I’m Jessica.”

“Great.” Nikki muttered.

“Do you remember when we said we loved each other?” Jessica asked.

“Um...”

Jessica reached up on her toes and kissed Nikki on the cheek. The vampire girl grimaced and her brow furrowed at the actions of the love struck child. “Do you think we could spend the day together?” The younger girl began rubbing Nikki’s small breasts in a gentle fashion, trying to get her crush to relax and treat her equally, but Nikki’s blood was boiling. Every neuron in her brain, every muscle in her body was telling her to rip that girl in half. But Nikki suddenly smiled instead of becoming angry.

“I have a better idea, Jessica.” Nikki grabbed a small knife out of her back and sliced herself across her hand. Bright red blood oozed out and dripped down her arm, to which Nikki looked at the confused child, and then put her bleeding hand into the girl’s mouth.

Jessica started to panic. She waved her arms around trying to get attention, but she couldn’t scream. She felt a salty taste begin to go down her throat. After being held like that for a few seconds, Jessica felt something hard strike her in the back of the head before the entire world became dark.

The smell of musty floorboards and rusty pipes filled Jessica’s nostrils. She felt the softness of a mattress beneath her back, and slowly sat up. Her eyelids heavy, she tried to open them, only to see a blurry mess. But she was able to make out something. A slender feminine figure in blue jeans and a white spaghetti-strap top. Short red hair, wide, crimson eyes, and the most villainous grin. Jessica came to her senses and realized who it was.

“Best not get up to fast.” Nikki said.

“W-why did you hurt me?” Jessica asked extremely confused as to why someone who proclaimed to love her would so brutally attack her.

“So we could spend our lives together, like you wanted.” Nikki responded, every bit of evil in her voice. Jessica looked at her more confused than ever. “Do you believe in vampires, Jessica?” The girl’s eyes widened in fear. “We’re very real, and we’re very vicious.” Nikki showed the frightened girl her teeth.

“You’re gonna... drink my blood?” Jessica was in terror.

“No. Can’t drink the blood of my own.”

Jessica gasped in shock. With her tongue, she felt the top row of her teeth, and winced as it met the sharp point of a vampire’s tooth.

“No need to be worried, my dear girl.” Nikki put a hand over the child’s shoulder. “I’ll be with you always. I’ve hoping to have someone accompany me in my travels.”

“So when I drank your blood...”

“Yup. I gotta say, I was surprised how quickly the virus changed you. You died while you were asleep within about ten hours.”

“I... died?” Jessica was becoming frantic.

“You’ll be fine, Jessica. Stick with me, and you’ll see that being a vampire is the best thing that could happen to a kid.”

It was midnight, when a vampire’s power was at it’s prime. Nikki and Jessica prowled through the darkness, and Jessica was surprised at how easily she could see.

“You have a vast array of powers at your disposal as a vampire. Strength, speed, stamina, agility, reflex, and as you hunger, your power increases. You can make people fall in love with you, fill them with unspeakable terror and fear, and even become invisible.” Nikki explained.

“Um... Nikki? I have to go-”

“Shut up.” A teenage hoodlum walked by under the streetlight. He took out a cigarette and was about to light it until a foot struck the back of his lower leg and snapped it. The boy screamed and fell to his knees. His screaming then halted as two needle-like fangs pierced the side of his neck. Nikki began sucking the poor human dry.

“You’ll want to feed as often as possible.” Nikki told her protege as she threw the lifeless body to the ground. “After four days, the thirst becomes painful. After five, you’ll lose control and go berserk.”

Jessica closed her eyes at the sight of the boy’s mangled neck. It was horrible, but something about the blood that dripped from his neck, enticed her. Nevertheless, the pressure that had been building in her lower abdomen had become increasingly prevalent as they stalked the night. Jessica begun rubbing her crotch uncomfortably.

“I messed up on that one. I let him scream and that’s bound to attract someone’s attention. Sometimes seduction is a better method, but nothing beats hunting.” Nikki grabbed the girl’s wrist and they bounded away at high speed.

They ran and ran until they reached the park again where a young woman sat on a bench toying with her phone. “There. Your first mark. Either seduce her or just go for it.”

“But Nikki I really have to p-”

“She’s getting up! Go!” Nikki shoved the girl toward her target. Jessica crept over toward the woman. She appeared to be concerned with something, so preoccupied that she couldn’t even see the child in an open field. Jessica quickly jumped on the woman’s back, closed her eyes tightly, and bit into the woman’s neck as hard as she could. Blood began to flow into her mouth, but it wasn’t salty like before, now it tasted sweet, like honey almost. She drank it in large gulps, enjoying every drop, until she was reminded of her previous predicament as a burst of warm liquid ran down her leg. She quickly released the woman and her hands moved instinctively to her groin.

“Nikki I have to pee!!!” The girl almost screamed.

“What? You’re kidding...” Nikki grumbled.

“I’m gonna pee my pants!!!” Jessica whined.

“For heaven’s sake, pee in the grass!”

“Eww!!! That’s gross!”

“So are soaked pants!” Nikki snapped. “Trust me, I know...”

Jessica made a very long and sustained sound that was a mix between a groan and a whine, then instead of having her legs closed together, she spread them apart and released her hands from her crotch. Nikki watched the bottom of the girl’s skirt as a flow of pale, yellow fluid began gushing from under the girl. The older vampire buried her face in her hand and just about screamed herself. The pavement had a nice dark puddle on it engulfing the poor younger vampire’s feet. As she finished peeing, Jessica fell to her knees into the puddle, put her hands to her face and started crying.

At this point, even Nikki felt bad for the girl. She moved over to Jessica and put a sympathetic hand on her shoulder. “Hey, don’t be embarrassed. I did the same thing a few days ago.”

“This is the worst day ever!” Jessica sobbed. “I thought I was in love with a girl, who was actually a vampire, she attacked me, and turned me into a vampire, I had to drink blood, and I peed in my skirt! Why is this happening to me!?”

Nikki picked the urine-soaked girl up off the ground. “I know it seems hard, Jess. But being a vampire is the most liberating thing that can happen to a person. I’m sorry it’s been a bad start so far, but I promise you,” Nikki looked directly at the girl’s teary eyes, “I will show you the greatest time you could ever have.” Jessica looked at Nikki’s eyes, and could see the sincerity. She actually managed a small smile.

“Really?”

Nikki grinned. “Absolutely. I’ve been hoping to have a friend with me, and I want it to be you.”

The two girls dashed off into the darkness. If one was to see them oncoming, they would see two sets of deep crimson eyes with a thirst for blood... and adventure.

*002*2012-07-03 01:11

There will be more, but in other stories. I've left this open for many possibilities and adventures that the vampiric duo will undergo.

*005*2012-07-03 02:59

{{: 

My one problem with it is that the desperation is too short. I think it might be because you put it in an action scene, where i tend to read very fast, but it seemed to just... happen. Other than that, I loved the story and can't wait for the next one.

}}

Yeahhh... my one weakness in story writing is that I tend to focus more on plot than climax.

*008*2012-07-10 02:03

{{: 

Which is never a bad idea at all, if you can make me want to see the next part of the story for 2 reasons (which you have done.) Then I see no problems with it. I was merely suggesting that some... extensions would be a good idea. for instance, describe in detail how she bounces from foot to foot, her thoughts, Nikki's reaction to noticing it (if she had noticed it earlier.), delve into the terror she's experiencing as the first drops slip past her defenses and describe to no end her facial expressions, her innermost thoughts, her sensory overload as all of that urine slides free cascading down her - *salivates* - *shakes* um... like that, you know except longer because it takes me long to write this so it works more effectively.

}}

The thorough feedback is appreciated. I'm hoping to release the third story with a little more emphasis on the wetting and desperation again. I really got caught up on the whole vampire aspect in this one, but this will mean that the third one will have something truly exciting. Thank you again!

