Rachael's Sunny Day

Author: Guest lightningassaultzx

*000*2013-06-04 08:35

A bright, clear day decided to visit Rachael on a day In April. It was always raining where she lived, every day was gray. Rachael didn't hate the rain, she loved it, but it always made it hard to do what she wanted to. "Finally, I can go For a walk, mom never wants me to walk in the rain." She said, exited for the day.

As Rachael prepared for her walk, she grabbed her bag and put a few water bottles in it. "I'll be out all day, I don't need to be passing out." She told herself. When she got out she decided to head for the park, which was four miles to the east. "I'm a bit thirsty" She announced, opening and finishing a bottle in a few seconds. "That was a refreshing drink." she thought.

An hour later, as she was nearing the park, she suddenly remembered that she hadn't gone to the restroom since six o'clock the night before. "Ah, man, I forgot! I have to pee pretty badly now.." She said as she realized that she subconsciously ignored her need to go. "There are no restrooms around here. There's one at the park, I'll have to make it there." She thought.

Upon arriving at the park she quickly spotted the restrooms and started speed walking there, trying to prevent herself from peeing everywhere. "Almost there!" She said with joy. Then, as she was walking down the steps, a boy ran by and bumped into her, causing her to fall, and lose control. "Oh no, I'm peeing everywhere!" She panicked, not noticing that she yelled it loudly.

Once she stopped panicking, she realized that everyone in the park was staring at her. She was dissappointed in herself, not only because she had an accident, but because she enjoyed the feeling, the warmth of it. "Mom is going to kill me.." She uttered before walking home...

