Ladies Who Peed Under Their Skirts

Author: Keita123

*000*2019-04-10 15:32

"Oh, thank you for coming, Lady Helen."

"It is my pleasure, Milord."

The old man took her hand as she descended down her carriage. She smiled politely, as decorum dictated her to do.

Even as she felt the need to pee.

She had been invited to his estate to teach his two daughters in the art of magic. She gladly accepted, as the pay was good, and she wanted to try being a teacher as well.

And now, the old man, who was her client, went on a proud ramble about his daughters as he brought her to the visitor room. She could tell how much he loved them for sure.

As she walked however, her urge was getting stronger and stronger. And it would be rude to excuse herself for a nose powdering session, as a genteel lady would say.

And so when she saw a painting on the nearby wall, she stopped. With a smile, she turned to the painting and said, "Oh my, what a wonderful painting!"

The old man immediately blabbered on about its history and origin. But she didn't care. She didn't really stop to admire them after all.

She spread her legs under her dress, let out a sigh, and relaxed her bladder.

A warm trickle immediately emerged, rewetting her already damp purple panties from her many wettings before getting here. Then, a slow trickle of pee fell down her crotch, splashing lightly onto the marble floor below.

She peed shamelessly right then and there.

She stared at the painting; her trickle barely leaving a sound. When the old man asked her of her opinion, she would respond as normal with a giggle, as if she wasn't wetting herself at all.

Eventually however, she had to stop her stream prematurely as they resumed their walk. The old man didn't notice in the slightest, that there was a suspicious puddle appearing under her dress (which wasn't wet in the slightest).

And with the diuretic pumping more pee into her bladder, it wouldn't be long until she would make a similar puddle again.

*003*2019-04-11 00:33

{{5 hours ago, mikey mike said:

Yes I enjoyed this story too. Are there more chapters to come?

}}

Yes, there would.

*005*2019-04-11 10:34

The two then arrived at their destination; the guest room where the family took their visitors.

"Please, take a seat," the old man said to her with a smile as he took the fur upholstered chair opposite of hers

"Thank you, milord," she replied with a smile. She smoothened her skirt before letting her buttocks down. Naturally, she could feel her soaked panties dampening the butt part of her skirt. If she were to stand up now, there should be a decently suspicious wet patch on her behind.

A maid then entered, bringing a tray of tea and cookies with her.

Hmm?

As the maid silently poured tea for the old man, bending slightly over, Helen noticed that on her butt-hugging black dress, there was clearly a small, glistening wet patch. Helen took a deep breath and she could smell the ever so slight scent of pee from that patch, separate from her own ever so slight scent coming from inside her dress.

The wetness is clearly fresh. She must have done it not more than five minutes ago.

The maid then turned to face her. Helen gave her a knowing smile and a thank you. The maid returned her thanks with a smile. As professional as ever.

That's another girl with this silly hobby of mine. Funny how I keep finding women of all ages doing it.

Indeed, she had found a number of ladies who had taken a liking of weeing under their dresses. From little ladies in boarding schools to common barmaids and housewives, many ladies wore slightly wet skirts and left puddles everywhere they went.

Her prediction was correct. The maid had been peeing as she crossed the inner courtyard from the kitchen, adding another yellow stain to her white panties.

Helen then drank her tea, not caring how full her bladder was already.

"Mary would fetch the girls soon," the old man said as he too drank his tea. "I do hope you three could get along," he added with a smile.

Helen smiled back. But she knew she needed more relief before she met her students. She looked around for anything that she could use for that purpose. She couldn't release her water while sitting. A major wet patch would appear on the front of her dress, and the old man would certainly notice.

Ah, I could use that!

She stood up, walking somewhat sideway to hide the wet patch on her bum towards the bookshelves in the room.

"Oh, what's the matter, Miss?" the old man asked.

"Apologies, but I thought I saw a book I've been searching in your bookshelf here," she replied smoothly. She then took a random book and began skimming through it.

Of course, she took the opportunity to release another stream. It drenched her purple panties once again; the pee trickling down to the red carpet below. The carpet muffled the sound entirely.

To her surprise, the old man stood up as well. With a hearty laugh, he walked over to her.

"Ooh, that one? Good taste, Miss Helen, good taste indeed!'

Her heart couldn't help but beat rapidly as she stood there peeing while the old man was standing right in front of her.

But this is... truly exciting..

*007*2019-04-11 12:32

{{14 minutes ago, redshirt said:

I hope that you'll continue this story further!

}}

Thank you! I'm planning to do so!

*009*2019-04-11 17:36

Her peeing was cut short unfortunately when the two daughters entered the room.

"Father, here we are," the one with the short skirt announced.

With shock, Helen turned around; her sphincter quickly cutting her stream short. Once again, she still felt the need to urinate.

"Ah, you two are here at last!" the old man replied. With a smile, he announced their names to her. The one wearing a short skirt was named Anastasia, while the one wearing a more conventional knee-length skirt was named Alice. Anastasia was the older one while Alice was the younger.

The two inspected Helen closely. Their first impression of her was a normal one, as she looked just like a normal middle-class mentor.

Anastasia couldn't help but feel a little disappointed. She seemed like the boring type.

Well, at least it would be fun to tease her.

"Hello, Anastasia. Alice," Helen greeted them both with a smile. "My name is Helen. And I would be serving as your magic tutor from today."

"Alright. Now I shall leave them to you, Lady Helen. Feel free to begin teaching them right away. You can do it wherever you wish in this manor," their father said with a laugh. He then turned to the sisters and said, "Now be good you two." He then left the room, wholly confident on Helen's ability to take care of his daughters.

"So..." Anastasia said, half-haughtily, putting her right hand on her waist. "Where shall we begin?"

"We can begin with the basics," Helen said calmly. "I want to see you two's capabilities first before giving out any lessons."

"I see... Then we should go to the gardens. We can freely cast our magic there," the elder daughter replied with confidence.

She then took the lead, with Alice walking behind her. Alice kept stealing glances towards Helen. Helen could tell she was the shy type, different from her sister.

Anastasia however, noticed the dark patch of carpet Helen left behind as she moved from her standing spot as they started to move.

N-no way... could she be...

As Helen was walking behind her, she couldn't check whether or not there was any telltale wetness on her dress.

N-nah, that couldn't be right... no other lady would have such a weird hobby like mine...

Indeed, Anastasia also had the same habit as Helen.

She enjoyed relieving herself while still wearing her skirt.

She had the habit for as long as she remembered. Even as a little girl, she would habitually wet her panties in purpose.

At least, until her father told her to stop.

And so she had to do it in a secretive way. And until this day, nobody else knew about this, not even her own little sister.

Even now, her black panties were in a damp state, as she just wet after Mary told her that Helen had arrived.

The three soon arrived at the gardens. Helen then told them to demonstrate the strongest or most difficult magic they could perform.

All the while positioning herself so that they couldn't see her backside.

Anastasia smirked. She knew perfectly what magic she would cast.

"I'll go first," she offered. "I shall perform some water magic. I would condense the water in the air and create a raincloud from it. Is it good enough?"

"Of course," Helen replied with a smile.

Sure, you're all smiling and stuff. But you would cry of embarrassment very soon, dear teacher...

Anastasia began chanting the spell. The mana in her body gathered in great concentration, inadvertently flipping her skirt continuously like a wind would. It was a sign of a less-than-mature control of mana. It was certainly something she would need to work upon, Helen noted.

Helen also took note of the black pair of panties she was wearing. Hmm, those are quite tight on her. I could see the shape of her cameltoe. And is that some wetness I see?

Anastasia soon finished compressing the moisture from the air. Now she had a sizable floating puddle of water flying in front of her.

She didn't intend to use it to make a cloud however. Oh no, not in the slightest.

With a grin, she looked at Helen, and finished her chant.

The puddle slowly disappeared, and the naughty girl watched her teacher with all her attention.

Only for her to miss the sudden increase of her own need.

"A-aaah!"

She suddenly bent over, hands buried in her crotch. Her face was red. Terribly red.

She couldn't stop it. It was too much.

And so it was that Lady Anastasia Evergreen, an eighteen year old young lady, peed herself in front of the mentor she just met.

*011*2019-04-12 02:12

"Release your skirt! Now! You're just going to make it wet like that!" Helen shouted sternly.

Anastasia quickly obeyed, though there was already an obvious wet patch on the front of her mini.

"Spread your legs a little more so you wouldn't wet your shoes and socks!" Helen continued giving her instructions.

The girl did as she was told with tears in her eyes. She could only stand there in shame as she emptied her bladder.

Helen walked forward and gave her a hug once she finished.

"It's not nice to prank your teacher in her first day at work, you know," she whispered with a mischievous smile as she patted her head.

Indeed, she knew very well that Anastasia was going to fill her bladder to the brim to make her wet herself with her magic. So she readied a Reflect Spell beforehand, making the spell backfire to the caster.

"And this is my first lesson to you. How to not wet your clothes when you wee in your panties."

*013*2019-04-12 08:38

As her sister released the contents of her bladder, Alice could only stand there freezing with a blush on her face.

She never saw her sister being so... vulnerable. She was always the one doing the teasing. But now, she was flustered beyond belief, as she had an accident in public. She couldn't even remember the last time she had an accident.

It was enough to make her nervous bladder release its contents as well.

Warmth filled her fresh pink panties, dampening them immediately. They were fresh as they hadn't been wetted today, though they certainly had been wetted many times before. Another barely noticeable yellow discoloration would stain the high-quality underwear.

She let out a little yelp, quickly tightening her sphincter muscles to stop the stream. She succeeded, but it already did some damage to her dress. There was now a small wet patch on the front of her dress. She gingerly covered it by her hands.

"I-I'm sorry..." Anastasia apologized with a sniffle.

"It's alright. Girls have accidents all the time," Helen replied with a smile.

Helen then looked at Alice and said, "It's your turn now. Show me what you got."

"R-right..." Alice replied.

Want it or not, she now had to lift her hands to cast her magic.

Oh Goddess please make her not notice the wet patch...

*015*2019-04-13 00:34

Unfortunately for Alice, Helen immediately noticed the wet patch.

Oh my, did she have a leak? I'm pretty sure that wasn't there before. Or did she do it intentionally?

She looked at Alice's feet. There was no puddle or dark patch below her, unlike her sister.

It is just a leak. Still do not know whether it's intentional or not however.

She then turned her attention back to the person herself. She was clearly chanting for some sort of a lightning spell.

She soon finished her spell, and from the heavens, lightning bolt crashed down to the ground, leaving a burn patch on its wake.

"Kyah!"

The sound was loud enough that it triggered Alice's nervous bladder once again.

"Nononono, please, no..."

Alice bent over, trying to stop the flow with her hands. But it was no use. Spurts after spurts after spurts escaped, drenching her pink panties. The wet patch on her front glistened and expanded, while a new, fresh wet patch appeared on her bottom.

"Stand upright! Let it all flow downwards so it wouldn't wet your dress," Helen shouted, knowing exactly what was going on.

Hearing that, Alice did as she was told with a sniffle.

And so it was that Alice Evergreen followed her sister's shame by having an accident as well.

*018*2019-04-13 07:27

When Alice finished, there was a fresh new dark patch underneath her dress. And with the two wet patches on the front and back of her skirt, there was no doubt to anyone looking at her that the young lady just had an accident.

"She... has a nervous bladder, you see," Anastasia explained. "Any shock or loud noise could set it off. The sight and sound of someone peeing could trigger it as well. And putting her in a nervous situation could make her all fidgety, even when she just relieved herself."

"I see..." Helen replied. "I believe I know the solution to that. You'll need a little bit of training through."

"Y-you'll train my bladder?" Alice chirped up.

"Not your bladder, my dear. I don't think you could do anything to that."

"O-oh..."

"I could teach you however to stealthily relieve yourself at any time and any place. Like this."

Helen took a deep breath, straightening herself as she looked to the nearest flower patch. She took her hat off and put it over her chest with her right hand.

And then, she released her pee.

It took both Anastasia and Alice a full minute until they realized what she was doing.

"N-no way, is she..."

Only now Anastasia noticed the dark patch on Helen's butt as she had turned herself away from them.

"She is! She totally is!"

Once Helen finished, she put her hat on and moved away with a knowing smile. Sure enough, there was a dark patch on the dirt she used to stand on.

*020*2019-04-14 02:40

And so it was that Helen was accepted as the sisters' mentor. With hushed voices, all three shared their experiences in weeing their panties. Helen taught them that there was no shame in doing that, and how a lot of girls had the same hobby.

Naturally, this led to even more damp or even soaked panties being sent to the washer every day.

The maid of course noticed this. With a smile, she washed every single one of them while at the same time dampening her own undergarment. It's hard to stay dry while you're in contact with so much water after all.

This is Lady Anastasia's... This is Lady Alice's... And this must be Lady Helen's... Hmm, Lady Helen wins again with six new wetting stain in a day... Lady Anastasia aren't bad with five... And Lady Alice is so shy she still only has four...

But still, they're no match against Lady Evergreen himself. This green panties of hers got ten peeing marks. Must be the party she attended yesterday.

Mary smiled. Washing laundry is so much more fun now.

