First Gig Nerves

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-10-10 02:51

I have hit a minor writing block in my Daughter of Vengeance story so to pass the time I am writing this short story I've had in mind for a while now. I hope you enjoy.

Natalie quickly tapped her foot as she gave herself a once over in the large mirror. She looked good, she decided. Skin tight denim covered her long luxurious legs, with pre-purchased rips showing off a decent amount of her silky skin along the thighs and one on the butt that revealed an entire cheek nearly, however that one was covered by a red plaid, pleaded mini-skirt. Cherry red toms hid her pedicured feet and royal blue toe nails. A form-fitting red tee showed off her slender abdomen and ample breasts. Her dirty blonde hair fell in slights curls behind her back a few inches beneath her shoulder. Turquoise mascara brought out the color of her beautiful cobalt, almond shaped eyes. Her cherry lipstick had a small sprinkle of glitter accenting it.

Deciding she liked her look she found something else to obsess with. Her most prized possession, her guitar. A candy apple red fender stratocaster solid body guitar. She awkwardly danced over to the stand across the dressing room. Her foot was tapping once again as she made sure it was in tune. Of course it was, she had already checked it twice. She strummed a few chords to pass the time but she became restless and set it down and moved back to a small mirror at the make-up counter. She doubted that was the name for it, but she was new to this. All of it. She had played guitar before, but a gig this big... in front of so many people. It was overwhelming.

She pushed aside several empty bottles that once contained water and a half empty cup of coffee. She began to apply a little extra make-up, without over doing it. Her legs bounced involuntarily beneath the counter and eventually she just sat up and hopped over to the couch where she flopped onto the cushions. She tried to lay still but even that was too much of a challenge and she was up and pacing the room. Occasionally she would stop and answer a text from a friend, but even then she squirmed in place.

Finally someone came to get her. "Hey, Ms. Evans, your band is up." A stage manager said peering his head in for a moment before disappearing.

"Opening up for Under the horizon... (Imaginary band) I can't believe I'm here." Natalie muttered to herself in utter disbelief as she slipped her faux diamond studded guitar strap and rushed towards the main stage. She found a stage worker near the entrance to the stage.

Over the sound of the roaring crowd she brought herself to admit something she had been in denial of. "Hey... I need to pee. Like really bad." Her face was bright red and she stared at her feet.

"It's just nerves. Trust me." The worker grinned. "Don't worry, you are a beautiful girl and talented guitarist. Just run right out on stage so you don't have a chance to feel paralyzed." He said and walked off.

Natalie wasn't quite sure how likely the prickle in her urethra was simply nerves was but she followed his advice. She took off in a run through the stage door and made for center stage. She was stunned at the size of the audience. The auditorium must have been the size of ten houses, probably bigger, The stage itself was quite large. It had room for a blue drum set Natalie's friend Christine sat behind. The singer, Isaiah, and his mic, the bassist, Ted, and the back-up guitarist, Luke and still much more room. Natalie instantly found her back-up mic and positioned herself in front of it as she glanced between her friends.

She quickly picked up on the fact that her urge was much more than nerves. She found herself hopping foot from foot, as she decided that an accident would easily be visible with the surprisingly good lighting. She bit her lips and positioned the bass of the guitar so that it covered her crotch and the neck was close to her chest. On cue she began strumming furiously. She constantly shifted weight as she played through the first song relatively well. The second song was more difficult and she found herself crossing her legs tightly. She bent her knees slightly and played through the song occasionally singing back-up in the proper spaces.

The third song was the beginning of the end. She found herself constantly bouncing up and down, crossing and uncrossing her legs as she squirmed in place. She found herself missing notes by a fret, not bad enough to be noticeable to anyone other than an experienced musician, but it was still discouraging. She began kicking her legs back in what looked like awkward dancing. She froze and missed a few notes altogether as a spurt released itself into her red thong. She locker her legs together and re-began strumming out several notes on the guitar to correspond with the song. Thankfully she managed to make it through the song and the next song without wetting herself without losing the interest of the screaming audience.

Finally on the last song of the set list she felt euphoria rush through her body at the thought of finally being able to utilize a bathroom at the end of the song. Unfortunately the thought of using a toilet sent a wave of desperation and she strummed a very wrong cord. She doubled over and tried to shove the base of the guitar into her crotch. She felt urine leak out. She struggled to her feet as she stemmed the flow, but not before a large stain covered the crotch of her skirt and jeans. Thankfully it was just hidden by the guitar.

She started up playing again, a few members of the audience noted but they remained unphased and continued to cheer. Natalie played her heart out between trembles, near losses and awkward dancing. Three more spurts escaped her hold and leaked out down her legs, leaving a small stain visible to the crowd. She pretended like she didn't notice and continued playing the song. Finally it was over. She relaxed a little until she heard the scream of the crowd. "Encore! Encore! Encore!" The crowd cheered.

The stage manager green lit our encore and She found herself playing another song cover. she bit her lip as she shimmied in place. Near the end of the song she felt herself begin to lose control. She continued playing as a stream of urine began to cascade down her legs, soaking her shapely butt as a few streams drizzled out the holes. She kept her thighs together and ignored the growing wet patch across the front of her jeans. She struggled with her toes to kick off her shoes. She succeeded as the song ended. She released her hold on the guitar and it fell into a lazy position across her torso, revealing the little bit of her accident it hid.

Natalie slumped her shoulders as the hot pee began to pour down her legs full speed. She glanced back to see the large television screen focusing on the shot of her soaking herself. Tears brimmed in her eyes as the wet patch reached her ankles as a puddle began to expand beneath her. She fell to her knees in dismay, tossed her shoes away from the reach of her puddle and began to sob. Meanwhile the flow continued to escape her, unhindered. Streams of urine soaked the back of her legs, and rivulets ran down the sides of her legs as she felt a hand grab her. Her friend Christine led her off stage, escaping the sounds of a laughing crowd.

The inspiration for this came from when I was playing the exact same guitar in the story with rocksmith and went double encore while extremely desperate. (I just managed to make it to the bathroom, though nearly didn't after I ran into the cliche of having my buckle get stuck.) I hope you enjoy and please leave feedback below:D

*002*2012-10-10 20:50

{{: 

This actually reminds me of a story on Shara And Ger's called "Audition Agony", both are good.

}}

Glad you liked t:) But what's Shara and Ger's?

*005*2012-10-10 21:33

{{: 

Great story!

But omg! You've never heard of them?! You will have fun reading!

}}

Glad you liked it

And yeah, I'm still a bit of a novice when it comes to finding omorashi material.

*007*2012-10-12 21:10

{{: 

That was really good, I enjoyed that. I thought the end was just a wee bit rushed (pun intended).

However, as a musician, I can identify with needing to pee on stage... couldn't imagine the embarrassment if something like that actually happened to me, though...

}}

Yeah, I've been told I need to work on my endings:P Thanks for the response:)

