Big Town, Small Baldder

Author: GᒪITTEᖇGᒪᗩᗰOᑌᖇ

*000*2015-03-16 21:26

It was a chilly 74° night at Naples. While others stayed inside, Sarah tempted to finish the job of office work. She was working night shift, one of the most busiest nights of all. Sarah would have to see many people, for very little problems.

She never intended to work in the office, she is just like a lawyer, not titled as one, oddly. Sarah takes people's advantages and arguments, as she goes her head spirals with confusion- but that's life in the office. She went outside of her house and went inside her blue, mini van and pulled out. Sarah had spent almost an hour picking out the nice clothing for the chilly night. She has a wardrobe full of clothes for hot days, not cold; chilly.

Sarah parked and went into the building. Entered the elevator and pressed the 5th floor button. There she was, the 5th floor. When she entered the room, chairs were lined up with all the staff in the.

"Aw man! This wasn't a shift! This was a meeting!" She groaned before entering the room. Sarah opened the door and went straight to the coffee machine and helped herself.

Ugh, it felt like ages already and she hasn't even been there a minute! Sarah was in the most infinite boredom that she didn't even realize she had finished her cup of coffee, she stood and got another Serving.

Then Everybody started to get up and grab their bags and we're starting to exit. Then she realized the meeting had ended, and did she with her cup of coffee.

Like everyone else, she got up and grabbed her white purse and left. Sarah went to her car, and realized it was out of gas. "How did it run out of gas?!" She turns out to find she never turned the car off. She groans in frustration and calls a towing place.

Then Sarah saw a 7-11 gas station across the street to and went inside. She grabbed a diet coke and payed for it, left and went across the street again right back to her car. About 15 minutes later, she finished the soda and threw it again.

Suddenly, a dribble came. She felt the urge to pee, Sarah knew she hold it...hopefully. But how she enjoyed the feeling of desperation. Just a few weeks ago she stayed on her computer too of when she had to pee and wet herself. Also wish that remembering the time when she hit the corner of the table right on her pussy and she peed herself.

Thirty minutes passed and Sarah was starting to feel desperate. Dancing around on the side of her car, tapping toes. She called the place again.

"Hello?" A guy answered.

"Yes, hi. Um, I am Sarah. When are you going to arrive?"

"Oh, that tow truck got into a crash. We can send another one."

Sarah crossed her legs and clenched her thighs. "Will it come....fast?"

"Hopefully."

"Alright, please send it."

She hung up. Sarah did a little dance in place holding her crotch a few times. A little squirt came out. "No!" Luckily, she was able to control it again. She held her groin, not caring who saw it anymore. She wiggled in place. Another spurt. Then the tow trucks came, Sarah raised her hand desperately. Right then her muscles started to relax.

She started to soak herself. "OH GOSH NO!"

To be continued...

*003*2015-03-16 21:48

{{:

Very nice opening, I can't wait to hear (or see, lol) the rest.

}}

Thanks! I'm so thrilled you like it.

{{:

Nice start, i look forward to the rest

}}

Thank you so much! I was actually writing this story in desperate need to pee, still holding it! Wish me luck!

*007*2015-03-20 13:13

I'm so glad you guys are enjoying it! Make sure to check out p.2!

*008*2015-03-20 13:26

Part 2

With most greatest luck, with just a clench she was able to hold most of it back in. Besides, it was night! No one could notice...could they? Men approached to Sarah as she gave a nervous "hello" clenching her thighs, tightly.

"Is his you car, ma'am?"

"Sure, ooh... Umm is..."

The man shrugged carelessly and went to his tow truck to back it up. Then he got back out and attached it to the minivan. "That good?" The guy looked up at Sarah. "Yes...it's okay." Then tow truck man opened the door for Sarah so she can get in. Soon, he, himself entered and towed her truck.

Sarah wiggled and fidgeted a lot in her seat.

"Are you okay?"

"Most definitely, except I have to use the bathroom. Can we stop somewhere?"

"We're only fifteen minutes away, you can hold it."

She bit her lip, her her groin. We all know once you've let it out, it's almost impossible to keep it back in. A spurt came out intensely. "Please, sir! I really have to go!" Sarah blurted. She mostly enjoyed feeling desperation, but never in public.

Another spurt. Then a few drops. Drip...drip...drip..drip... Splash! The man gasped as Sarah's fingers were damped. "I TOLD YOU I HAD TO GO!" Her face turned red, not for madness, but from embarrassment, "I'm sorry!" The man shrugged,

I hope you enjoyed! If you want an extra part let me know!

*010*2015-03-20 18:00

Thanks for your feedback! I'll make sure to add more effort into the accidents and desperation! <3

