Anything to Confess? - Page 6

*125*2021-09-01 15:04

Chapter 52:

Liam

Oh fuck…that kiss! It’s so much more than I ever imagined it would be. So intimate, romantic and special. I can tell she wants this every bit as much as I do. Neither of us wants to pull away. I can’t resist my hands running along the back of her neck, touching the pleat in her hair that’s so delicately tied up, exploring her back and even touching her bottom. I’m terrified I’m overstepping the mark but the way her body and tongue responds shows me she’s more than ok with it, thankfully.

I don’t think the moment can ever be surpassed until she gently ends the kiss, smiling at me with her twinkling beaming eyes, and says something that sends me to heaven in an instant!

“That’s the second time in a fortnight that I’ve peed right here. I better not make a habit of it eh!”

My mouth has gone dry, my heart rate speeding, my erection pounding.

“Really?”

She goes on to tell me about how after her accident in the launderette she felt really bad, like she had committed some major sin. She tells me how she comes to chapel all the time and she felt she needed to confess all her wrong doings. I hold her hand and whisper that she’s only human and we all need to pee so how is it sin when our bodies can’t take any more? She puts her finger up to my lips to shush me then runs her thumb along my cheek and smiles.

“It wasn’t the peeing myself that I really needed to confess Liam. It was how it made me feel when I was desperate and after my wetting. Then there was how awful I felt that time in the library when I caused you to have that…you know. I needed to get that off my chest too and so I was in here in confession telling Father about it all, but I’d been praying so long beforehand that while I was in confession I became more and more desperate for the loo. I had to repeat these prayers and stuff for my forgiveness and repentance and I was sitting there saying them almost wetting myself. There was just no way I could make it home in time so I sneaked round here and peed right there on the slabs.”

I should say something but words just feel so inadequate when she’s just told me something so intimate, so wonderful, so God damn hot! Imagining her talking to someone while squirming and then having to dash around here out in the open to pee because it’s so urgent sends précum shooting out into my boxers.

I can’t stop what happens next.

I grab her and kiss her deeply and step forwards hugging her close as she’s now got her back almost against the chapel wall. I need her so fucking urgently I feel my entire body might explode right now. I’m shaking I am so turned on but she doesn’t object and as I caress her breasts with my hands and one of my hands slides downwards towards her lower stomach as we kiss deeply and intimately, she takes her own hand and uses it to guide my hand under her dress and on top of her knickers. Rubbing softly I can feel through them how wet and longing she is. My own penis is so unbelievably hard and aching, especially being squashed in my jeans, so I use my other hand to unzip and fish him out. I have no intentions of raping Megan or hurting her but the pain of keeping my own anatomy squashed is just too much for me.

Her soft moans are just too much for me as I feel her vagina through her pants and my fingers gently rub and explore her through the cotton. Even with a layer of material between my skin and hers I can feel her wetness and openness, and with our tongues deeply locked together my cock shakes and explodes without me even so much as stroking it once! I have to quickly aiming it towards the bin bag as semen shoots out of me landing on top of the already wet bag.

I pull back in embarrassment and shake my penis with my hand, looking away from Megan. My fucking lack of self control strikes again!

Quietly I whisper, apologetically.

“Really sorry about that. It just all got too much and I couldn’t stop it.’

I’m terrified I’ve blown it again as I tuck my semi erect penis back into my fly, mortified.

But Megan smiles, her face flushed and her lips puffy from our kissing.

“It’s ok. I can relate to that feeling all too well. There really is only so long you can hold something back when you really really need it isn’t there.”

She’s looking at the puddle she made moments before on the bin bag and on the slabs and I smile back at her, my own cheeks flushed and feeling like I’m floating in space I’m so happy.

&&

&&

&&

*127*2021-09-02 08:29

Chapter 53:

Megan

“Meg? Meg! You there?”

I hear our Iain calling and for a moment I panic. I grab the buggy where Yasmin is now sleeping contentedly and rush back along the side of the chapel hoping there are no clues on my face or body as to what I’ve just been up to. Iain sees me and smiles.

‘Sorry you had to miss most of it Meg. Our Anthony was brilliant too. Long service though and I’m gasping for a fag.’

I had no idea Iain smoked! How could I not know my own brother smokes? I look at him in shock, as much because I’m still coming down from being with Liam as the fact he’s smoking. Lighting a cigarette he looks down at Yasmin and smiles.

“Not like her to create like that is it? I don’t remember her being as fussy before?”

I feel very defensive of my little sister and respond rather sharply.

“She’s not used to so many in the house and being out of her usual routine. She was just over tired that’s all. Not really her fault is it?” Then I quietly add, “Not like her mam cares though is it?”

Iain steps down to the bottom church step to let some people out the chapel. He checks none of them are family or know us well before joining me at the side slabs and saying more quietly.

“Mam still the same I presume?”

I nod as he takes another puff making sure the smoke avoids Yasmin. Neither of us really know what to say to each other despite our actual closeness as brother and sister. I still can’t go back into chapel just yet, partly because of the vast numbers pouring out and partly because I feel so shameful and unholy after just kissing Liam.

Pushing the buggy back and forth a bit hoping Yasmin stays asleep despite the growing noise of the crowd and cars, I’m trying to work out what to do. I glance back into the church grounds but there’s no sign of Liam anywhere. Remembering the bin bag I just peed all over makes me remember the accident I had at home the other night and that the items I peed on are still missing. My mind is buzzing wondering where those things are and who found them, and now Liam and what I’ve just done, and how I missed seeing Anthony’s big moment earlier. It seems ironic, wrong even, to be going back into chapel to celebrate my brother’s big step of faith while here I am failing at being a Catholic in pretty much every way possible.

My thoughts are rudely interrupted by another familiar voice.

“Ah there you both are! Your mam wants us all in the hall for a photo right now. Come on!”

Dad is insistent so I push the buggy up the small ramped access and push through the crowd to go down the aisle to the hall. Sure enough mam has everyone lined up ready: Sean and Lilly standing at the back, then Harrison standing with his arm round Aisling, who for once doesn’t look like she’s about to be sick or faint, Niamh beside them with a gap for Iain, then Theresa one side of Anthony at the front and Rory the other. Mam hands the camera to someone I don’t recognise and jumps in the group grabbing dad’s arm and standing beside Theresa. I go to stand beside Rory at the front then I suddenly remember Yasmin and go to get her out the buggy. As I pick her up she wakes with a start and immediately cries. I try my best to settle her and get back in position but just as the camera clicks Yasmin vomits all over me.

Anthony looks at me in shock, dad’s face goes a deep shade of red, Shaun glares at me and then mam starts yelling.

“Why do you have to ruin everything Megan? Why? Couldn’t you just allow us all one day without you destroying and wrecking everything? Anthony has been looking forward to this day for months and your dad and I have paid hundreds of pounds for the hall, the cake, clothes, and food, and all you had to do was be normal and not mess everything up, but you couldn’t even do that could you! Margaret-Ann just a minute! Megan go and clean Yasmin up and stop her crying would you! I can’t hear myself think here! Margaret-Ann just take the pic without her. Let’s not allow her to ruin the photo too! Right say ‘holy communion’ everyone….”

I hear a chorus of ‘holy communion’ being said as I take Yasmin to the toilets and clean her as best I can, but my dress is covered and she’s still crying. I feel as dirty and horrible on the inside as I do on the outside and I make a decision then and there in the ladies toilets in St.Mary’s chapel in Bangor: It’s time I moved out of home. When I see Mr. McGintley tomorrow when I pick up Chelsea I am going to ask more about housing benefit and getting my own place. It’s time.

Enough is enough.

*128*2021-09-02 12:32

Chapter 54:

Liam

Standing alone behind the chapel I look at the wet bin bag in disbelief. Did that all just happen? I shake my head and wish I had some fags. I can hear people leaving the chapel and decide to wait where I am until things quieten down. My litter picker rests against the building and my gloves have fallen on the ground. My spare bin bags are sticking out the pocket of my high vis coat. I’m not exactly subtle and hard to spot so I lean back against the wall closing my eyes and replaying those incredible minutes I just experienced.

I’ve no idea how long I’ve been standing here but quite suddenly I have this very very urgent need to piss! I can hear voices of people talking but I don’t have any choice, other than soaking myself, so I turn quickly to face the wall I’ve been leaning on and release what I need to. My boxers are sticky reminding me that I haven’t been dreaming and I actually did kiss Megan Murphy! But then I rest my forehead on the old brick chapel wall and I want to scream. For the fourth time now I have let that beautiful girl go without so much as getting her number! What sort of fucking idiot am I?

I gather my things and look along the side of the chapel but she’s gone. Using the cover of picking up litter I walk through the graveyard towards the front of the chapel watching in case she comes out. The car park is only a quarter full now and I desperately want to go inside and see if she’s there, but then I suddenly remember that my boss is her brother and I have second thoughts.

I’ll just have to figure out a way to get her details. Maybe I could make some excuse to ask Shaun next time I see him, or add this chapel to the places I walk around looking for her, or wait close by and see if she comes out then follow her to see where she lives? I’m clutching at straws now but I can’t just live without seeing her again, I can’t.

Try as I might I just can’t find any more litter to pick in the entire grounds of the chapel so I check my watch for the time then check my mobile to see if I have done all the streets Shaun asked her to cover. I still have a couple of hours yet to work and the streets in the Bloomfield estate up to St Christopher’s school to complete so I make my way there whistling to myself happily and dreaming of seeing Megan again. When my bag is pretty full I walk back to the chapel to leave it behind the building at Shaun’s request. I tie the bag securely then head home, the bag I left earlier reminding me how fucking amazing Megan is all over again.

I’m three quarters of the way to my flat when my mobile rings making me jump. I answer without even checking the number and I have to stop walking as I get such a fright when I hear the voice on the other end! It’s mum! It’s only the second time she’s called me since I moved to Bangor so she still has no idea I am not still in England. I assume she’s been drinking or high on something , or got some new boyfriend again, or she’s lost Aunt Ella’s number (again) and wants me to give it to her so she can ask her for money.

‘Hello?’

‘Hi. Is that you Liam? It’s mum.’

‘Oh. Hi mum. You ok?’

‘Yeah yeah. I’m grand. You?’

‘I’m….fine. So where are you now? You still in Spain?’

‘Yes of course! I’ve met this guy, Mauricio. I’ve hit it lucky this times son. Property developer the lot! Sun, sea, sand, sex and Sangria for me all the way now. He has a kid so I was telling him all about you. Maybe we’ll come to England one day and you can meet him. I’m sure you’ll like him. Even Leah thinks he’s ok, for once!’

‘Leah? Who’s Leah?’

There’s loud music and lots of talking in the background and I can hear glasses clanging. I assume mum’s at some sort of bar somewhere and at first she goes quiet.

‘Can you hear me mum? There’s a lot of noise your end?’

I start walking back to my flat again thinking mum’s about to hang up or get cut off. But neither happens. Instead the music quietens at bit, as does the noise of chatter, and it’s replaced by what sounds like running water and possibly a hand dryer in the background.

‘Did I never tell you about Leah? I’m sure I did Liam. You must know about her? I’m sure I told you ages ago about your sister. Look I’m in the ladies and now isn’t a good time but I’ll call again and we can talk sometime. I Promise. Need to go! Bye son!’

I open the door of my small flat and collapse into the arm chair. As Saturdays go this has been one of the fucking best and one of the fucking worst all rolled into one. I think I need to eat something, anything, just to help me get my senses back.

*130*2021-09-03 08:21

Chapter 55:

Megan

There’s really no point going back into the hall. Yasmin is much better off at home and my dress isn’t going to get clean with hand soap and a hand dryer, especially while it’s still on me! Poor Yasmin is still very unsettled so I slip back into the busy hall, strap her in her buggy and slip back out. At least it’s not too far to walk home and it’s not too cold either. The front door is locked and I don’t have my key with me but I walk around the back and use the key safe that Shaun put up to get the spare key to the back door.

The steep back stairs make humping the buggy up difficult but I somehow manage it. I lie Yasmin on the living room carpet, fold the buggy and put it back in the cupboard. I then quickly return to the baby, get her out her dirty dress and wash her with wipes before changing her and putting her into a baby grow. I then carry her upstairs and sit her on the air bed Niamh is sleeping on in my room while I strip out of my dress and find some clean clothes for myself. There’s no room to move in the room to even attempt to get dressed so I take Yasmin with me and sit her on mam and dad’s bed while I sit on the edge of their bed and put on leggings and a t-shirt.

The last time I was in this room, other than quickly looking under the cot a few night ago, was the day I pissed all over the spare cot protector sheet and my tights and knickers. While no-one else is home I quickly pull the cot away from the wall to check one final time that the stuff isn’t there. It’s not. With Yasmin watching my every move from mam and dad’s bed I nervously slide their mirrored wardrobe open and to my shock I see the spare cot mattress protector is back exactly where it was before! Whoever found it must have washed it and put it back. But what about my knickers and tights? What did they do with those?

With my heart pounding I look all around the wardrobe but there’s no sign of them. I slide the wardrobe closed again guiltily and sit beside Yasmin on the bed.

“Well Yasmin I wonder who found that sheet eh? And what have they done with my things? I won’t miss all this for sure if I find my own place, but goodness will I miss you little miss.”

Yasmin makes contented noises and looks at me. I’m full of guilt at the idea of leaving her and selfishly wonder if I should take her with me when I go? But what would I do when I am out with Chelsea? As broken hearted as it will leave me I know I will need to leave her where she belongs; with her mam and dad and her brothers and sisters. I lean back against the headboard in the big double bed watching her playing with her own hands and legs and listening to the beautiful sounds she makes. The idea that I won’t be here when she says her first word or she takes her first steps or she has her first ever day at nursery or school is tearing me apart, but then I hear mam’s voice shouting at me in my head back in chapel earlier and I know that I have to do this.

Yasmin is now rolling around on the bed and getting nearer the edge so I slide myself off mam’s side of the bed and catch her before she falls. She laughs at me like this was such a great game and I let her practice standing up as she’s holding onto the bed and the bedside cabinet while I hold her sides to make sure she doesn’t fall. I remember Rory walking much younger than Yasmin already is but I am acutely aware that every child is different, and Yasmin even more so. Her little hand has grasped the drawer handle of mam’s bedside cabinet and as I feel her little knees giving way beneath her I pick her up and put her on my knee. As I turn her to see her reflection in the wardrobe I notice she’s pulled open the bedside drawer a little. I go to close it but something catches my attention.

In beside mam’s medication, a small travel box of tissues, a pen, a small address book, and an old watch I remember dad buying her I see a post-it note with dad’s handwriting and my knickers and tights wrapped tightly under it held together by an old hair bobble.

I know I ought to close the drawer and not read the note but those are my things and I’m worried whatever dad has written is about me…

*131*2021-09-03 12:54

Chapter 56:

Liam

I have another day off with it being Sunday but still I’m awake in the small hours tossing and turning. I get up and make myself a drink and come back to bed, but even though my body is so tired my mind just won’t shut off.

I eventually get up, get showered and dressed, and make myself a coffee and some cereal. I can hear spits of rain at the living room window but I still have this overwhelming need to get out the flat. It’s not quite at the panic attack stage yet but I am not fully calm either. I try taking deep breaths as I finish my coffee. There’s so many things that are stressing me right now: my rent is due tomorrow and there’s not enough credit left on my credit card to pay it, I still don’t have enough hours of work every week to make ends meet even with the money I am getting from Flavius, the guy I met at the council applied for some sort of emergency bridging loan for me but I still haven’t heard if it’s gone through, the police haven’t got back to me yet about all the Lauren stuff, my mum just told me I have a sister I knew nothing about, and worst of all I can’t stop thinking about Megan Murphy but I have no idea if or how I will ever see her ever again!

As I take my coffee cup and breakfast bowl through to the kitchen to wash up I wonder what Megan might be doing today and if she’s thinking of me as much as I am her. Then all of a sudden my eyes are fully alert, my back straightens and my demeanour brightens! It’s Sunday! Of course! Why didn’t I realise that earlier…maybe, just maybe she’ll be going to the chapel today again?

Leaving the wet dishes in the rack I race back to my room and grab my phone from the charger. I google ‘St Mary’s chapel, Bangor’ and get ridiculously excited that there’s Sunday mass on in less than an hour! I have just put clean clothes on but jeans and an old t-shirt just feel so inadequate for going to chapel for the first ever time. I brought so little over with me from England, only the clothes I had at Lauren’s at the time plus what I had on. That was the whole reason I needed to use the launderette so early after getting here, and boy am I so glad I did, but right now the fact I have so few clothes is a cause of major stress. Are people even allowed into church wearing jeans? I have no idea but I remember Aunt Ella always dressed immaculate when she went to church so I assume chapel is the same.

I tip the bag of neatly folded clothes I got from the food bank onto my bed. It’s not all to my taste at all but there’s one pair of smart trousers and at least two shirts. I choose the plainer of the two shirts and try it on. It’s comfy enough and the grey trousers fasten without cutting into me. I don’t have smart shoes just my everyday trainers, but I give them a good scrub to smarten them as best I can. There’s no tie in the bag and I don’t have one either so I’ll need to just do without.

By the time I have combed my hair, brushed my teeth, shaved, put all the other clothes away and found my own coat instead of my high vis one from the council I don’t have much time left. It’s almost two miles to the chapel from my flat so I set off at a pace that I hope will be brisk enough to not make me late. As I walk through the Bloomfield estate I keep an eye out for any signs of Megan but alas I don’t see her at all.

As I see the church building in the distance all sorts of memories rush through my mind. I haven’t been inside a church of any sort since my mum took me on special occasions as a young boy. I suddenly hear Christmas carols being sung in my mind and some other catchy song about ‘he is risen’ which I assume is from a memory of some Easter service too. I can’t help but think of Aunt Ella back in England too. She’d be thrilled to know I was heading to church right now!

As I walk through the gates and between cars in the car park it’s not thoughts of singing, or praying or preaching I’m now thinking of but more fondling and kissing behind the back wall with a beautiful girl who pissed all over a bin bag of rubbish yesterday! As I see others heading towards the big open doors I smile inwardly realising that right behind this very building is a puddle made by Megan Murphy and I got to watch her make it!

*132*2021-09-03 14:41

Just wanted to show that I like to write with a full bladder

&&

*135*2021-09-04 07:08

{{10 hours ago, ola93 said:

So that's not just me. Thar's nice to know, makes reading a story of yours even more exciting.

Can I ask if you've ever not made it to the bathroom conpletely dry while e.g. trying to finish writing a chapter?

}}

I have dribbled but never fully wet….but if a chapter seems short then you know why lol

*136*2021-09-04 07:17

Chapter 57:

Megan

After reading the note dad’s written to mam I quickly slide the drawer closed and take Yasmin downstairs. Yes the tights and knickers are mine but somehow I just can’t bring myself to take them back. I think it’s best to let dad think what he likes and just pretend he’s right.

Thinking of everyone else back at chapel eating the buffet makes me suddenly realise it’s past lunchtime and I haven’t eaten. With the twins at home this weekend thankfully there’s plenty food in so making a quick sandwich is easy and I opt for the easy option for Yasmin and heat some baby food. She can eat sandwiches, of course, but they make her so messy and take her forever. I also think it best she has something warm and substantial after being sick earlier.

After we’ve both eaten I put her on the floor and sit down with her while we play with some of her toys. It’s not long before she’s finding the effort of sitting up too much though so I cuddle into her on the couch, give her some milk in her bottle and she falls asleep in my arms quickly. I could put her in her cot but with just the two of us home I take the time to treasure the moment once again getting emotional thinking of all I will miss if I move out.

I must dose off myself too as the noise of everyone coming back wakes both myself and Yasmin up with a shock. Dad, uncharacteristically, races straight upstairs and when Theresa catches my puzzled look she sits beside me and rather quietly says that he was getting quite stressed in the car waiting on mam coming out the chapel as she was talking to everyone and he mentioned he had drank too much fizzy juice.

“I think he was quite desperate to get home to use the loo. I haven’t heard him get so stressed at mam talking in a long time.”

I can’t help but think back to the note I read earlier upstairs but I still can’t imagine my own dad writing what he did. The boys have went upstairs too, more than likely to get out their smart clothes and chill in their room. Theresa goes into the kitchen to put the kettle on and Iain and Niamh both sit down and talk about how chapel was. As much as the house is busy I will still miss them both when they go back to university tomorrow night.

It’s like what we all witnessed in the chapel hall earlier with mam shouting at me never happened at all and later on dad calls the local Chinese to order take away. I shower and head to bed shortly after dinner and spend the last while before falling asleep thinking simply of my first ever kiss and how amazing it felt.

I need to get my life sorted out but while I don’t know where I might end up living, or any other jobs I might have to get to supplement my income from the McGintley’s, one thing I do know is that I want to kiss Liam again, and so much more besides! I slip my hand into my underwear beneath the duvet and recreate how he stroked and touched me there as we stood hiding behind the chapel during Anthony’s first communion. I fall asleep with my hand still there and by morning my shoulder and arm are both a little stiff.

Sunday morning is every bit as crazy in the house as Saturday was. There’s an expectation from dad that we’ll all go to mass again and once again we’re all juggling trying to access the only bathroom to use the toilet, shower, wash, brush teeth and shave. Mam must have woken early because when I get up she’s already walking around with a towel round her hair and heading downstairs. I pass her on my way to use the loo but unsurprisingly someone else beats me to it. I return to the bedroom and use what tiny space there is to find myself a pair of tights, a skirt and top, and clean underwear, almost falling on top of Niamh on the blow up mattress as I do so. I leave the clothes on my bottom bunk and try the bathroom again. Finding it still engaged I head downstairs to put the kettle on.

Mam is making a fry up and when Anthony comes down stretching I apologise, in front of mam, for missing his big moment yesterday, even though I know it wasn’t my fault. He smiles at me and shrugs. “It’s fine Meg. I could hear Yasmin crying. Just one of those things really” I’m impressed at his maturity as I head upstairs to try the bathroom again. Finding it still busy and with Theresa outside waiting I go back down to make some coffee. I sit down, while there’s a chair free, and sip my coffee, smelling breakfast cooking as Rory comes down, opening the fridge door and pouring himself some fresh orange juice while acting silly and messing about with Anthony. Mam gets annoyed and turns away from the cooker to tell him to behave when I notice he’s unable to stand still.

“Sorry mam. There’s someone in the loo and I really really need in!’

He’s not the only one!

I end up sitting right through breakfast and numerous others having showers, washing, shaving and using the toilet all while I am at my wits end still waiting to get in. Eventually I run upstairs, grab my clothes from my bed and sit at the top of the stairs holding myself one handed with my clothes in front of me so no-one sees. Finally I get into the bathroom and the relief is unbelievably! I shower very quickly with no time to wash my hair and we all head for Sunday mass, all of us walking this time despite the threat of showers in the air.

*138*2021-09-04 13:31

Chapter 58:

Liam

I slip into the church and sit at the back. The inside of the building is a little intimidating at first with its huge stain glass windows, cross statue with the figure of a man on it, who I assume is Jesus even with my limited Bible knowledge, and the long wooden pews with cushions underneath. Even the smells are strange and there’s a reverential stillness and silence that unnerves me a little. I sit with my head bowed hoping no-one speaks to me but keeping one eye on the aisles in the hope of seeing Megan come in.

I’ve only been sitting a few minutes when I see Shaun, my boss, come in with a tallish blond woman who is extremely smartly dressed and with a very attractive figure. I bow my head again quickly so he doesn’t see me. Another couple come in a bit later and join them in the same row, and then, as an organ plays a repetitive old fashioned tune drearily, I see a crowd of others pour in and fill the row that Shaun is already sitting in. Only when they are all seated do I dare raise my head enough to look. There’s so many of them all squashed in the long pew but as I scan along I notice her lovely brown hair hanging loosely just like I remember it was when it was touching my shoulder on the walk from here to the cafe after my panic attack. Instinctively I reach for my shoulder as if I can still feel her hair there. God she’s so beautiful, even just the back of her head and shoulders!

I am like a fish out of water during the service, trying to copy when everyone sits,stands or kneels. There’s a lot of repeating stuff and sayng things by heart but when a man, maybe ten years or so older than me and wearing robes, starts talking from the front I do find some comfort in his words. Some of the words he uses are like a foreign language but he comes across as compassionate, kind and…real. I always imagined ministers and priests to be above us ordinary people but despite his bizarre choice of clothing he looks and sounds more like a next door neighbour type person than a religious nut. However nice he sounds though I can’t take my eyes off that brown haired beauty sitting six rows in front of me.

I slip out as soon as I see the first person put their coat on. I don’t want anyone to talk to me, not unless their name is Megan Murphy that is! I stand to the side of the large wide steps, tucking myself in at the corner, as everyone comes out. I have no idea how I intend getting Megan’s attention but I’m hoping something comes to me quickly! Then it happens….I see her step out and down the stairs surrounded by so many other adults, one carrying an older baby, and two younger smartly dressed boys. I want to call her name but one of the people I notice is Shaun and I lose my nerve just at the last second. Instead I follow behind another family heading to the car park and, keeping my distance, I follow the large group with Megan in back towards the Bloomfield estate.

I’m close enough that I can still hear their voices but back enough that none of them notice me. The clouds are ominous and I feel spits of rain on my cheeks. They all turn a corner and chat while walking, with the younger of the boys falling slightly behind to tie his laces before racing to catch them back up. I walk slower and cross the road so I’m not noticed and when they all turn into a small cul-de-sac I count the numbers to work out what number house it is then turn quickly and jog back to my flat before the heavens open.

I get in just as the downpour starts, put Megan’s address in the notes in my phone, change back into my jeans and t-shirt and rustle up something to eat and drink. I can’t stop thinking of Megan recalling every time we have met from the launderette, to the library toilet, to her finding me after my panic attack and then just yesterday at the back of the chapel. The more I let my mind wander the hornier I get until I can feel my erection pressing for my urgent attention. I could easily, very easily, let my body explode but instead I dig around the flat for some paper and a pen and sit at my small dining table drinking coffee and eating while trying to write a note for a beautiful young lady that I can’t imagine ever not seeing again.

It takes me six attempts to get something down. It’s not much but it’s from my heart. I look everywhere in the flat for envelopes and have to finally resort to reusing one that was used to send a letter to me. It’s one of those plastic window envelopes so at least my address isn’t just scored out and I take a lot of effort to fold the letter to Megan in such a way that I can write her name and address on the other side and it can be seen through the plastic window. I’m just thinking of hand delivering it when I overthink everything and panic that without a stamp on it would be obvious it’s been hand delivered which could mean someone else opens it. I dig through my paper bin and manage to stick a used stamp on.

I don’t care that it’s now raining heavy, I just pull the hood up on my coat, tuck the letter in the inside pocket, and run all the way to the Bloomfield estate and to Megan’s house, quickly post the letter and race all the way back.

I arrive back thoroughly soaked and as I peel off my wet clothes I feel a strong need to piss suddenly. I am on my way to the toilet when I hear my mobile get a text. Standing in just my boxers I hobble to my living room and, clutching my dick tightly in desperation, I want to cry in relief: my small bridging loan has been approved and the money transferred to my credit card account, which thankfully should mean my rent direct debit will go through tomorrow and not bounce. I will need to pay the loan back but I can at least stay in Bangor for a while yet.

I run to the bathroom delighted to not only be able to empty my bladder but to have finally found out where my beloved Megan lives and be able to pay my rent. Hopefully Megan gets my note and she calls me. That would be the icing on the cake of it all today.

*140*2021-09-05 09:17

Chapter 59:

Megan

Unlike yesterday Yasmin behaves amazingly in chapel this morning , hardly making a sound all through mass. It’s like Christmas, or back when we were younger, with us all sitting in the same pew and it feels lovely to be part of such a big close family. We all walk home chatting amicably and mam is in such a good mood she makes some soup for everyone for lunch. As it’s raining really heavy I even brave asking mam at lunch if I can borrow the car this afternoon as I have work for a few hours and as I am looking after a young disabled girl I don’t want to turn up drenched. I’m beyond shocked when she actually agrees but then dad comes up with the idea of dropping me off at my work on the way to taking Ian and Niamh to the train station. I guess the car is set up for him so this sounds fine to me as long as it doesn’t make me late.

The next hour is chaos as the twins pack, Theresa helps mam with the lunch dishes, dad puts the camp bed down and lets the air out the air bed and I get ready for work, all whilst we all try and keep the noise down because Yasmin is napping. The twin’s bags are loaded into the car and I jump in the front of the car while Iain and Niamh get in the back. The McGintley’s are just the other side of the estate so dad drops me off within 10 minutes and tells me if it’s still raining heavy when I finish he’ll come back for me later. I thank him and ring the doorbell, trying to hold my anorak hood up tight around my head at the same time. Liz welcomes me in and Chelsea is in the main room smiling and waving her arms in excitement. Mr McGintley comes down the stairs smiling and asks how I am.

‘You look well Megan. It’s good to see you again.’

I feel so welcome and appreciated and when I say that I plan to take Chelsea to the transport museum the other side of town I feel like the whole family want to suddenly adopt me! Liz beams delightedly at Chelsea who is thrashing the wheel rests of her chair with her feet in such excitement. Mr McGintley touches my shoulder as he passes me as he tells me it’s one of Chelsea’s all time favourite places to go. He helps me wheel Chelsea into the car in the lashing rain and off we head.

The two hours flies in and we both have a wonderful time touching the exhibitions, pressing buttons to make videos play and even having a simulation ride on an old tram. We even manage to squeeze in a quick drink in the cafe and Chelsea giggles loudly as I race her up the ramp back into the car in the pouring rain. On our return I thank the McGintley’s for allowing me to take yesterday off for Anthony’s communion and when Liz takes Chelsea to dry her off and make her dinner I ask Mr McGintley if I can have a quick word.

Standing in his hallway, my wet hair dripping onto my pink anorak, I tell him that I’m keen to move out of home and get my own place and ask his advice on how best to do this. He tells me I need a deposit for any private rental and also to make sure up front that they take people on benefits because even though I work I will likely need to apply for some housing benefit to help me.

“That’s unless you get another job on top of the hours we can offer you. Long term that would be your best option because it gives you a lot more options really and landlords much prefer tenants who are not on benefits. I’m afraid you’ll be waiting years yet for the council to offer you anything.”

I thank him for his advice and he offers to drive me home as the weather is so awful. I tell him that my dad is picking me up and just then I hear the toot of my dad’s horn. Dad’s quiet on the short journey home and I wonder if he’s missing the twins already. As he parks outside our house he turns off the engine but holds off getting out.

“Listen Megan, I’m sorry about the way your mam spoke to you yesterday in chapel. I suggested she maybe ought to go to confession about it and she promised me she’d think about it. I just wanted you to know you didn’t ruin everything ok?”

I touch dad’s arm and smile not really knowing what to say. I have an awful lot I should be going to confession about too so I can’t really comment much about mam, even if her words do still haunt me.

*141*2021-09-05 14:29

{{On 9/4/2021 at 8:47 AM, dexmach said:

Well, that's certainly no excuse for leaving such a captive audience short-changed with an unfinished chapter. It can't be THAT hard to write through repeated waves of uncontrollable desperation, can it? ;D haha

}}

Challenge duly accepted and I will ensure chapters are an acceptable length regardless how I, as the author, am struggling

*142*2021-09-05 14:49

Chapter 60:

Liam

Megan doesn’t text Sunday night. Even though I know there could be many reasons why my anxiety still has me thinking all sorts of crazy things. I get another text from the loan place confirming the money has been successfully transferred to my account and then I get ready for work as normal. It’s a damp cloudy day and I’m not looking forward to the possibility of getting soaked if it rains again like it did yesterday. As I’m walking to the council headquarters my phone buzzes with yet another text. 

My heart misses a beat hoping it’s Megan but it’s just Shaun asking me to pop up to his office before I start my shift. Having just done overtime for him on Saturday I hope it’s not anything bad but it turns out to be good news. I’m offered, and I accept, a full time position as litter picker and he also wants to make sure the accounts department have my current tax code so I’m not put on emergency tax and have to claim it back. I leave his office on a high and head out for my shift with Ryan.

We’re in the country park today for a change but we have a vast area to cover and we both fill several bin bags by lunch time. Ryan takes me to a food van in the park that has a few cheap plastic outside chairs and tables. It’s quiet, probably due to the weather, but I have enough loose change on me to get a can of juice to add to the water I brought with me and I drink both with my crisps and sandwiches. We spend a few more hours covering the football field, the kids playground, the skateboard park and the vast green area before waiting back at the main entrance together for our ride back to town. In the minivan I’m bouncing my knee eager to get home and use the loo as always.

The traffic is slow and I’m trying to distract myself by thinking of Megan but even though I’m looking out the window I can feel my knee bouncing quicker and I need to shift around on my seat a lot to stay comfortable. Ryan and Aidan are laughing at something but my thoughts are miles away, so much so I don’t notice quite how much I am fidgeting on my seat and that my legs are scissoring hitting Ryan’s legs beside me. He turns to me mid conversation, still laughing at whatever Aidan and him were discussing.

“You ok there mate? You’re not travel sick or anything are you?”

“Sorry. My mind was miles away there. Nah. I’m fine. Just a bit…squashed.”

“You should have said mate. I can move into the row in front if you prefer.”

Aidan looks at me, laughing even more.

“You don’t look squashed to me Liam. In fact you look like you gotta piss mate haha. Don’t tell me you didn’t take a whizz in the park against a tree while you were out there? You do know that’s what the rest of us do, right?”

My face is burning and my bladder bursting but somehow I can’t bring myself to say anything back. All the guys have a laugh at my expense and word even spreads to the driver who shouts back asking if I’m ok whilst laughing. I feel like the laughing stock of the van but soon enough we park outside the headquarters and that damn fountain! I jump out the van and I am just about to sprint home when I hear a female voice calling me.

It’s Megan Murphy! We walk towards each other and I stand there in front of the fountain hugging her and holding her tight. For a moment I completely forget that I wrote in the letter that if she ever wanted to see me again she only needed to text me or, if she preferred, she could meet me at the square outside the council offices at 4:30 this week on Monday, Tuesday or Thursday. I’m so thrilled to see her that for a moment I forget just how urgently I need to find a toilet and stand there holding her, taking in her smell, her body and her whole presence.

Looking down at her I feel the luckiest man ever alive right now as I gently kiss her hair and smile at her.

“It’s so good to see you here! I’m so glad you got my letter.”

“I did. I have it with me in my pocket too. I can’t stay long though because I need to get back for dinner and to see to Yasmin and the boys. But I didn’t want to not see you.”

I can’t help but kiss her, not as deeply or as passionately as we did on Saturday but enough to remind me how much I adore her and how amazing her perfect lips are. She pulls away before I do, her eyes twinkling and her cheeks a healthy pink colour.

“The cafe I took you to the last time will be closed now and I can’t think of anywhere open at this time in the afternoon, but if you are ok with it we could maybe just sit on the bench here for a bit and talk. I’d offer to go back to mine but that’s sadly not an option.”

I don’t want to frighten her by suggesting my flat and the connotations that might imply so I sit down on the nearest free bench beside her facing the fountain realising as I do so that I am so desperately in need of a toilet but not wanting to leave Megan to find one.

*144*2021-09-05 15:46

{{4 minutes ago, stinklerus said:

The closer you are to having an accident while writing then all the more exciting for us readers! I’ll have to start looking out for spelling mistakes and typing errors to judge has desperate you are!

}}

I hold right through writing AND proof reading lol

*145*2021-09-05 20:23

A little bonus for you all tonight…an additional chapter today!

Chapter 61:

Megan

Monday morning mam doesn’t even get out her bed. Theresa leaves for work early, as does dad, and I make sure the boys are up and away to school in time with everything they need. I get Yasmin washed and dressed and put the washing machine on. Then when I go to make myself a coffee I realise we are low on milk. Checking the bread bin I see we need bread too so I check the fridge and decide I had better take Yasmin with me to the supermarket. I knock mam’s bedroom door and after she’s shouted at me for disturbing her she does at least give me some cash for food. I put Yasmin in her buggy and pray the rain stays off as I push her to the big Tesco and get what we need.

Coming back home I pick up the post, put the buggy away, see to Yasmin, make myself another coffee and put the stuff I bought away. As I go back into the living room where Yasmin is happily bouncing in her jumperoo I flick through the mail and I’m surprised to see two letters for me. I open the first one and read it through three times in shock. Smiling to myself I pick Yasmin up to change her and make us some lunch and we’re just heading into the kitchen to eat it when the house phone rings.

It’s Liz asking if I can change the days I get Chelsea this week, which isn’t a problem at all. She then starts telling me about how stressed she is over Chelsea’s school bus because the escort has left and she doesn’t think it’s safe having so many children with high needs on the bus with just the driver. I put Yasmin down to finish my coffee and listen to Liz while I watch Yasmin as she crawls and rolls around on the floor contentedly. Liz then apologises to me saying that she needs to go as I hear her mobile ringing in the background.

It isn’t until after lunch that I notice I haven’t opened that other letter yet. As Yasmin sits on the couch propped up with cushions with her bottle of milk I open the other letter and have to sit down on the couch to steady myself. How did he get my address? I’m not scared, more amazed, and thrilled. I read it over and over again while Yasmin watches Mr Tumble on TV. He’s given me his mobile number. God how I wish I had a mobile to call him right now! I daren’t use the home phone as dad always complains about the cost of calling mobiles but Liam has written that if I want I can meet him outside the council offices when he finishes work at 4:30 on certain days this week. I’m not sure when dad will be home but I’m fairly sure Theresa should be home early as she said last night she was on an early shift today.

Yasmin is starting to dose so I pick her up and take her upstairs where I knock mam’s door and put Yasmin in her cot. Mam’s sitting up in bed reading something and I notice out the corner of my eye that her bedside drawer is open. Suspecting it’s the note that dad wrote I get out the room quickly and head next door to my own room to change into something nicer to meet Liam later. On the set of drawers I notice Theresa’s iPad charging. It’s not locked so I borrow it hoping she won’t mind as I sit on my bottom bunk looking through rightmove for any places to rent in Bangor.

I must be looking at the sixth or seventh place when I can’t get comfortable any more on the bed. I’m so engrossed in what I am doing I don’t realise how much I need to pee. The tingling and pressure reminds me of so many times with Liam, and thinking about meeting him, combined with how engrossed I am on the website, mean I continue to squirm and fidget and hold myself while browsing online and letting my mind wander. I stay like that for ages getting more and more fidgety and squirmy until I hear someone come in the front door and I accidentally leak a bit with the fright.

Whoever it is better not come upstairs to use the toilet. I’ve been holding on so long I need to pee NOW!

Terrified I’ll pee myself on my own bed I run to the bathroom just as dad comes upstairs.

“Oh Meg, don’t tell me you’re going to the bathroom please! I’ve been needing to go for ages on the bus. I’ll not be long, promise.”

I run back to my room alternating between bouncing on my bed frantically and leaning on the drawers holding myself marching on the spot. I even look all round the room for anything I can possibly pee in but I can’t see anything. I’m so desperate as I rest the iPad on the top of the drawers and type in my details to apply to view a flat to rent. I’m sure any second I’m going to pee myself but then dad calls to say he’s out and I run into the bathroom. Not stopping to even close the door, I lift my skirt up and, before I can even pull my pants down, my urethra gives in and I pee hard and fast through my underwear into the toilet.

I know I shouldn’t, especially with the toilet door not shut, but I can’t help feeling my wet knickers and enjoying the warmth and wetness against my lady parts. Feeling naughty, sexy, and very un-Catholic like, I leave my soaking wet knickers on, wash my hands, clear the history from Theresa’s iPad and put it back on charge where I found it, then slip my shoes and anorak on and head out with the letter from Liam in the back pocket of my denim skirt.

*147*2021-09-06 10:23

Chapter 62:

Liam

I put my arm round Megan as we sit on the bench together and she casually asks how my day has been and how I got her address. I tell her about googling the chapel and coming to the service yesterday and then following her home before running back in the pouring rain with the letter. She looks at me puzzled and tells me that she only found the letter today with this mornings mail and had assumed with it having a stamp that it had been posted. I smile back and kiss her forehead, so glad that she at least got it, read it and wanted to see me again. The whole time my legs are crossed, my toes are curled in my trainers and my dick is throbbing inside my trousers urgently screaming at me for release.

I casually ask about her day while changing position a bit, constantly being tormented by the sound and sight of the fountain right in front of us. I listen intently as she tells me, in that beautiful lovely voice of hers, how her mam has been sick in bed today and she’s been looking after her sister all day but that she’s thinking of getting her own place and she’s been looking at places to rent. A horrible thought comes to my mind and I turn to face her, my back tense and the arm that was behind her now pressing hard on the top of my thigh. I look her in the eye worriedly.

“You’re not thinking of leaving Bangor are you?”

To my huge relief she smiles, her whole face lighting up as she quickly replies saying of course she isn’t as she has a job here and her family is here and how would she get to St Mary’s chapel if she didn’t live in Bangor? I sit back, delighted to hear that, but extremely desperate none the less to piss. I twist my body on the bench, but regardless what position I try to sit in it’s no use. I’m going to have to broach the subject, however I can, and very quickly, because I’ve been desperate now for ages and my capacity to hold on is waining fast!

The thing is I really don’t want to leave Megan, not without arranging to meet again and finally getting her number this time. I fidget again, leaning forwards and trying to look like I’m ok even though I’m anything but. Then she looks at me in a way that’s inquisitive and pitiful, but somewhat playful too.

Putting her hand close to mine on my upper leg she whispers words that excite me, embarrass me and relieve me all at once.

“Liam, are you needing the toilet?”

I look right into her eyes, covering my crotch with one of my hands and slowly nod. She takes my other hand in hers and holds in between both of hers, leaning in and kissing my cheek then whispering in my ear something that sends shivers down my spine.

“I love seeing you holding it. Have you had to go long?”

My mouth is suddenly dry and my throat hoarse. I have to squeeze myself to keep holding and one of my legs is shaking. Nervously, and very embarrassingly, I confess to the girl of my dreams that I’m always bursting after work because I don’t have access to any toilets when out and I always end up racing home to go. I’m not sure what I expect her to say to this revelation but I absolutely don’t expect, even in my wildest dreams, to hear her say what she says next.

Checking no-one is around she shyly moves her hand a little further up my upper leg, leaning right into me as my head is now lowered and I’m squeezing myself and squirming on the bench.

“Do you remember meeting me in the launderette that time? I was so bursting for so long that day that I don’t even know how I managed to hold as long as I did. That was the first I’ve ever wet myself you know. But since then I have had an accident at home too. It’s a bit of a long story but I accidentally peed myself in my parents room and had to grab some spare bedding out of their wardrobe to stop their carpet getting soaking wet. Then today, just before I came to meet you, I had a bit of an accident too…”

Fuck! Now I don’t just have an imperative need to piss but I’m suddenly turned on so much I could fuck the bloody fountain. Scissoring my legs while I hold my dick by a death grip I have to ask…

“What sort of accident?”

“I got distracted looking at places to rent online and I didn’t realised how desperate I was to go and then my dad came home and he went to the toilet. I was climbing the walls with the pressure and the urgency was relentless. I really didn’t want to have an accident because I had picked this skirt especially to meet you, but it was bad, really really bad. Dad got out just in time though and I got into the bathroom and got this skirt up but…”

She puts her mouth right to my ear, moves her hand up my thigh even closer towards my crotch, and finishes what she’s saying while I now have both my hands on my dick and I’m sucking air through my teeth trying so hard not to pee my trousers despite how hard I am.

“I didn’t get my underwear down in time. I can still feel them wet now.”

Grabbing her face in my hands I kiss her deeply and frenziedly even though letting go of my dick risks the inevitable happening.

Megan, the angel that she is, moves her hand a little further up again and she’s now pressing hard right at the very tip of my very erect dick. I’m just not sure if that’s going to be enough though, regardless how fucking amazing it feels.

*148*2021-09-06 14:00

Chapter 53:

Megan

I recognise him immediately even as he steps out the council logo’ed minivan. Will he mind if I call him? It doesn’t look like he’s seen me and I really really don’t want to miss him.

I chance calling him and just seeing his face when he recognises me is so worth it. The way he heads straight to me and hugs me makes my heart leap. But now what? I have no idea what to do next and ramble on about the cafe being shut and suggesting a bench just behind us. It’s not exactly a lovely day though, anything but in fact, yet I don’t really care right now as long as I can sit beside him and get to know him more.

We chat for a bit but he seems so distracted, restless, uncomfortable even. I put my arm on his leg hoping it reassures him somehow but his inability to sit still is so obvious even as we continue chatting. At first I think he feels awkward around me, perhaps nervous, or embarrassed, but the more I see how he’s moving the more I recognise his squirming and fidgeting. I hope he doesn’t mind me asking outright if my suspicions are correct.

“Liam, are you needing the toilet?”

Even his nod sends my stomach into a somersault! His twisting and leg bouncing are amazing to watch and for some strange reason I can’t help telling him so. When he casually shares that he has no access to a toilet at work all day and always finishes his shift bursting I feel the hairs on the back of my neck rise and my already wet knickers getting even more warm and damp. I can’t reason why what he’s saying and doing is driving me so crazy but it just is. Before I realise what I am doing I tell him about what happened in my parent’s room that day and how I accidentally peed through my pants just before coming to meet him. Incredibly he not only seems keen to know more but his eyes sparkle with what I interpret to be lust and desire and the way he kisses me screams passion and want.

All I can think about is the pressure he must be feeling right now, the inextorable urges, the spasms that demand such urgent attention from brain and body. I wonder if those feeling have the same affect on his body as they do on mine? My hand feels his hardness through his trousers and even though I’ve never felt a man’s body there before there’s something special and exciting about touching him somewhere I shouldn’t be. When he pulls away from my lips and moans my whole body wants him more than I can put into words. It’s not a pain moan or a noise of discontentment but more a moan of urgency and need.

And then I feel it. First at my thumb then onto the palm of my hand and finger tips. His trousers, right where my hand is pressing are warm and wet. Just feeling it and remembering how it felt touching my own wet knickers less than an hour ago is so exciting, naughty and sensual.

“Shit!”

Liam presses one of his hands firmly over mine but then I need to pull my hand away quick as he stands up. Just then thick drops of rain start falling on the paving in front of us. The sky is heavy and ominous and I instinctively pull my anorak hood up.

“I can’t hold this back! It’s starting to come out!”

I grab Liam’s arm and run him past the fountain, around the side of the council building and into the large car park at the rear. There I keep running as he struggles to keep pace with me, one hand at his crotch and the other carrying his litter picker. Both of us are getting soaked in the sudden downpour and my mid is a whirl wondering if Liam has completely wet himself as we run. I see where I am going despite the thick rain drops and darkening skies and I pull Liam in-between two large recycling bottle banks. The rain makes it hard to be heard so I have to almost shout.

“You won’t be seen here.”

He’s panting as I watch him quickly unzip his fly, burry his hand inside his crotch and pull out his penis as it pours out urine beautifully and every bit as ferociously as the waterfall we just left. It’s difficult to know for certain, as we are both already drenched by the rain, but the front of Liam’s trousers appear to be darker than anywhere else and the idea that this happened because Liam held off going for a piss so we could talk makes me feel so high in a way I never knew possible.

There’s no way we can sit and chat now with rain lashing down heavily and as I feel Liam’s fingers stroke my rain covered cheek he shouts over the noise of the weather.

“You are wonderful Megan! Text me…please!”

He then grabs my hand, pulls my body in for a quick kiss before I pull back and tell him I need to get back for dinner. He stands there, water dripping from his light brown hair and running down his face, his clothes saturated and a drop of rain sitting precariously on the tip of his nose, as I run away from him towards home, my heart beating faster and struggling for breath knowing that it will take a whole lifetime in confession to get forgiveness for everything I have thought and done just in the last hour alone.

