Maddy and Haley - An original fiction - Page 2

Author: facade

*027*2014-07-29 05:44

{{: 

Can I ask if you know when the next installment is going to be out? And also have u wrote anything else?

}}

Sorry, I am slow at writing. I am still working on it, and it has been started; I'm just stuck in some writer's block at the moment.

I have written several other things, yes, check my profile.

*034*2014-08-14 14:24

{{: 

Antifairy i'm dyingfrom suspense! This is not only a great omorashi story but a great story in general.

}}

Story is in alpha-beta stage. It's nearing completion. I'm having my editor help me with polishing and ideas.

*035*2014-08-15 20:54

A Night to Remember: Part 2

For the moment, I was alone in Haley’s room. The muffled sound of her urinating came from the background as I lay on the bed with my head wedged between the pillows, collecting my thoughts.

Did I actually… love her? I mean, of course I love my best friend, but was it more than that? No, I just really like her, it’s only a crush. I shouldn’t have these feelings for her, they’re going to ruin our friendship!

...She doesn’t even like girls like that… does she?

No, I can’t tell her. Not yet. Not until I figured out how I really feel. No point in risking it.

All of these thoughts were running through my mind in rapid succession when suddenly, I heard the door open behind me. I knew it was Haley coming out of the bathroom and I turned over to face her. She looked extremely relieved. For obvious reasons, of course. She also had the laundry basket in her arms, the one I had put my dirty clothes in before I took a shower.

“We should probably wash these clothes tonight.”

“Yeah...” I nodded with an embarrassed smile. Haley stood at the foot of the bed as I rolled over from laying on my stomach and scooted towards her.

“Weren’t you wanting to tell me something?” She reminded me as I sat on the edge of the bed. I crossed my arms over my stomach to subside the butterflies that fluttered wildly inside of me. Or was that my bladder calling out to me? It could have been both.

“I was just going to say we should eat something before it gets too late...” I trailed off, not knowing what else to tell her if I couldn’t say what I really wanted to.

“Yeah… you’re right… it is after seven already.” Haley pursed her lips to the side and looked as if she was pondering.

I hoped she accepted my quick excuse and wouldn’t probe any further. We both got caught in a moment of awkward silence and Haley stood there like she was waiting for me to say something else. It was time to get this over with.

“I have to go the bathroom.” I suddenly said, standing up to my feet.

“Alright. I’ll go start the washer while you do that, and then we’ll figure out dinner.” She pulled the basket closer to her body and grinned a bit before heading out of the room.

I walked into the restroom and shut the door behind me. My new pajamas and underwear slid down with little effort on my part before I let them hug my ankles. I plopped down onto the toilet seat with my legs closed and let out a soft sigh as a slow trickle of urine tinkled out of my opening, merging with the water below me.

For now, I decided to put aside my thoughts for Haley and focus on something else. There was a picture hanging on the white painted wall to my left. It was a floral pattern with blue and green colors, surrounded by a wooden frame. The shower was in front of me, with a cream colored cloth curtain and various body washes and hair care products strewn along the edge of the bathtub. To my right was the pedestal sink, it had a more fancy and intricate design compared to everything else in the bathroom. Above it was a standard medicine cabinet with a mirrored door.

I stopped glancing around the room when I realized that I finished peeing and located the toilet paper roll hanging off the wall next to me. With only a couple of squares, I wiped myself and flushed the toilet after standing up.

Or at least I thought I did. I didn’t see the toilet bowl empty itself, so I tried it again.

It wasn’t working…

“...What?” I whispered under my breath. I soon realized that the toilet clogged up and wouldn’t allow me to flush it!

“No...!”

I began panicking as the water filled up close to the brim with all my pee and used toilet paper staring back at me. Frantically, I hunted for a plunger but was unable to find one around me. The toilet water and all its contents began to overflow. My heart was beating quickly. I had no idea what to do as I stood there, watching the yellow water drip over the edge of the bowl.

I searched around again and found the towel I used to dry off with earlier that afternoon and wrapped it around the base of the toilet to soak up the water. Though I still needed a plunger, so I went to find Haley. She wasn’t back in her room yet so I darted out into the hallway and smacked right into her as I turned the corner, knocking the wind out of both of us.

“Oof!" Haley put her hand to her chest.

"Sorry! Didn't see you! It's just I need a plunger but I can't find one." My eyes on the startled Haley, as I’m sure she was having trouble as well.

"It's in the laundry room. I'll go get it..." Haley retorted before swiftly walking back in the direction she came from.

I scuttled back to the bathroom to wait for her. Thankfully, the toilet had stopped running before it saturated the entire towel. Haley soon came back to meet me at the overflowing toilet and handed me a rubber plunger with a maple wood handle. I took my saving grace from her and attempted to unclog the toilet. I carefully placed it in the water, and it displaced some of the water out of the toilet. Then I began pumping the plunger up and down as it stood straight above the hole. Haley stood there for a moment and witnessed my feeble attempts at removing the blockage.

"Oh my god, it's not working!" Frustrated, I began trying to pump it harder, but it was only splashing water everywhere.

I wanted to scream.

I almost did, but then Haley moved closer and motioned to take the plunger from me.

"Here, let me help you."

I let her take the plunger from me, disappointed that I failed to use such a simple device. Stepping back, I folded my arms over my chest and let the master do the work.

"Sorry, I tried..." My voice shook as I began to tear up. I've made a mess of Haley's bathroom and couldn't even fix it myself. I'm so useless.

"It's alright. It's easier to do it at an angle." Haley positioned the plunger so it angled towards her. "Like this." She began plunging and I watched as my urine slowly receded. I sighed with relief as the toilet finally flushed on it's own and filled back with clear, clean water.

"There we go." Haley said, placing the plunger next to the toilet before looking over to me.

"Thank you... sorry you had to do it. I didn't mean to clog it." I wiped a trapped tear from my eye.

"It's not your fault, it does that a lot. Don't worry about it." Haley consoled me and led me out of the bathroom.

"Well, after all that excitement, are you still hungry?" She smiled at me as we stood at the foot of the bed.

I smiled back, calmed down from my horrific incident of terror. "Yeah, definitely!"

"Okay, let's go see what we have." Haley replied, leading me out of the bedroom and out into the main part of her house. It was getting dark outside so the room was faintly lit by early evening sun rays until she turned the ceiling light on in the kitchen connected to the family room. I followed behind her and met her at the refrigerator.

Haley opened the freezer and we both peered inside it. "Hot Pockets, Totino's Party Pizzas, beef and chicken pot pies... um...." She lifted up some boxes to look behind them. "And chicken nuggets." She took a pizza out and looked to me as I stood there with my fingers to my lips, trying to decide on what I wanted.

"Um... I'll have a chicken pot pie, please."

"Alrighty."

Haley pulled the box out and set them both on the counter. I decided to prepare my own food while Haley set the stove to the correct temperature for her pizza. Picking up my box, I looked at the back of it while opening the seal for the directions: Four minutes to cook. Alright, no problem there.

As I removed the frozen pie from the box and placed it in the microwave behind me, I noticed that the box also had a strange message at the bottom. It read "This original fiction was written by antifairy of omorashi.org.", but it was obviously not a part of the directions so I ignored it and threw it away.

"Let me get a plate for that, Maddy, hold on." Haley interrupted as she grabbed one from the top cabinet.

"Oh... right, sorry."

"It's alright, this way it won't make a mess in the microwave." Haley put the glass plate underneath the pie and I closed it before setting the timer for four minutes. Her food took longer to cook than mine did, needing at least twelve minutes in the oven. While we were waiting, Haley took the opportunity to move the wet clothes to the dryer.

We both ate at the dining table in a small alcove connected to the kitchen and discussed boring girl stuff that didn't matter. Afterwards, we washed our dishes and headed back to her bedroom.

Haley yawned cutely and face planted herself on the bed. I sat on the bed next to her stretched out body.

"Tired...?" I asked, smiling.

"Mmm" she replied, her voice muffled by the soft pillow that was covering her face.

"I am too, a little." I said, scanning my eyes over her body; her shirt had hiked up a bit and I saw the waistband of her blue cotton panties. Her pajamas accentuated her plump bottom quite nicely. She broke my mesmerization and gaze when she turned over to face me, her hand supporting her head as she lay on her side.

"Maddy..."

"Hmm?" We locked eyes. There was something about her voice then, and I started to tremble because of it like I had earlier that evening.

"Are you sure there was nothing else you wanted to tell me? Or talk about?"

A lump formed in my chest and I trembled a little harder. She apparently didn't buy my excuse from earlier.

"Yeah... I.. I mean n-no." I tensed up and hugged myself, looking down at my feet. Haley scooted closer to me, and caressed my arm.

"Just tell me... we're best friends, you can tell me anything."

I wasn’t sure about the best way to tell her my feelings, but I also knew I wasn’t going to weasel my way out of this again if I didn’t tell her the truth. I tried to speak, but the lump in my chest made its way to my throat. Haley began caressing my arm and took my hand in hers, causing light tingles trickled through my entire body. I held hers back and, of course, said something stupid.

"Guess." I cringed inside at what I had said, but I wanted to know what she would say. A confused but interested look came about her face.

"Um..." She looked down to the bed, contemplating, and I kept my gaze upon her.

"You... have a boyfriend...?" Haley asked, looking back up to me.

"No..."

"Um... you joined a super secret cult?" She smirked a little.

I shook my head.

"Maddy...." Haley put her hand on my stomach and rubbed it. "Are you pregnant?"

"OH GOD NO!" I shouted a little too loud and looked at her, giggling.

"Okay okay, didn’t really think so; I just wanted to rule that out."

We both fell into more awkward silence for a few moments.

"Do you like someone...?" I didn't say anything, but a few seconds later, I nodded my head with subtle movements.

"Who?! Tell me!" She sat up quickly and moved in front of me, waiting for the truth that I desperately wanted to tell her.

I took a deep breath.

"I think… it’s you!" The room went silent again.

"What?"

"You." I said again. Haley had a surprised look on her face. I couldn't tell what she was thinking then.

"Me? Really?" I nodded and let a huge sigh of relief out and she rolled over on her back, looking up at the ceiling. I stared at her, and waited for her response, started to become sick to my stomach and almost left to go donate my dinner to the toilet.

"You like me... as more than a friend?" Haley rolled back over to face me again, looking concerned.I looked into her eyes with sincerity, and nodded. She appeared more awake.

"Since when?"

I shrugged my shoulders, unsure of how to answer her. I was barely able to speak, my body shaking as if it was going to explode. It sort of felt like I always had liked her, but it didn't dawn on me until today. Ever since I saw her on the first day of junior high school, I wanted nothing more than to be her friend. I never thought I could be "cool" enough to hang out with her because she was always popular and... out of my league.

“I’m not sure what to say… this is unexpected.”

Haley bit her bottom lip, looking down at the bed. I said nothing, entirely unsure of how this would affect our relationship. Though, I believed the worst: This would be the end, she wouldn’t be comfortable around me now, and we’d fall out with each other. I wanted to hope that we’d get through this, but my heart said otherwise. Words were failing to pass my lips, but tears were successfully taking their place.

“Why are you crying?” Haley inched a little closer, and looked at me.

“I…”

“I don’t want us to end.”

Haley said nothing, but turned over and laid on her back with her arms crossing her chest. She looked puzzled, probably as confused as I was, or angry. I figured I should leave, I had done enough damage. It was obvious that I should never have said anything. Perhaps I would have gotten over this little obsession of mine, but I just had to run my mouth about things I didn’t understand.

“I guess I’ll go home…” I stated, still crying. Haley turned to me again.

“Home? Why?!” I hopped off the bed as she spoke.

“I don’t know, don’t you want me to leave?” My tears cascaded down my cheeks and my voice continued to break up.

Haley just stared at me, looking like she was about to join me with her own tears.

“No.” She reached her hand out and grabbed mine, pulling me back to the bed. I didn’t resist, but lay back down beside her. I was even more confused then.

“You’re not… upset?”

“I am.” Haley still held my hand in hers, and I waited to hear what else she had to say.

“I'm upset that you expect our friendship to end over something like this.” She looked at me with concern in her eyes. Her words flowed through my mind as I began to understand what she was telling me. I can't believe I was so foolish.

“You don’t seriously think that do you?” She sternly asked before I exhaled a heavy sigh and pondered for a few moments.

“Haley… I didn’t want to… think that.” I looked down at Haley’s hand caressing mine.

“I just assumed this would… make things weird between us. It’s not like I even know if you… like girls like that.”

My eyes started scaling her arm with my eyes until I met hers once again.

“You know, it does feel a little weird. But, I guess, it feels… natural at the same time.” Haley intertwined her fingers with mine, and cupped my hand with a firm grasp. Tingles went through my body, electrocuting me with the warmth of her hand.

“Natural?” I asked.

“Yeah… like, it feels right, but unexpected. You’re right too, I never thought about girls like that. I suppose that’s part of the reason it feels a little weird.”

“Oh…” My tears subsided, and I instinctively squeezed her hand.

“So what does this mean? I still don’t understand.” I asked her, looking into her eyes.

“Hmm… maybe we’ll find out.”

Haley put her arm around my shoulder and began pulling my body closer to hers. I wasn’t sure what she was going to happen. I started shaking again as my heart returned to a quick beat. Our bodies touched, her chest flattened against mine and her mouth opened slightly.

“Did you fantasize about me in the shower today?” She asked suddenly.

I looked down and exhaled, then looked back up to her. I nodded sheepishly, biting my lower lip a little.

“So that’s why you were all nervous earlier. You’re so cute.” Haley smiled. I shut my eyes and blushed heavily.

She giggled and kissed my lips. If I had been standing, I would have collapsed. My entire body went numb, and I soon realized everything would be okay.

“Don’t ever try to leave me again.” She whispered in my ear. I cuddled against her chest and we wrapped our arms around each other.

“I won’t” I replied softly.

Haley reached over and turned the light off and I fell asleep with my head nestled between her breasts.

It was the next morning, and Haley and I sat on her couch in the living room watching some strange television show. The TV was small, and I couldn’t make out what was happening on the screen. The colors seemed to fade in and out and I only saw what looked like two human shaped silhouettes moving around in a random fashion. We were both very interested in it though, and Haley laughed hysterically at it. All of sudden, Haley bounced off the couch and stood in front of me, with her hands buried in between her legs.

“Maddy, I have to pee really badly!” She bent her body forwards and started crying. It was weird to see her like this, and she didn’t make any implication before that she needed the bathroom.

“Well, go then? Isn’t your bathroom in your room?” I asked, curious as to why she was telling me this. Haley looked around, panicking, before looking back to me.

“I’m not sure, I won’t make it! I’m going to wet my pants any second!” She said in a loud tone, bawling with great force. I couldn’t even see her hazel colored eyes anymore. They were pure white.

“Come with me, please?!” She asked in a hysterical way. I stood up immediately and wrapped my arm around her.

“Of course, I’d do anything for you.” I said, excited as I led her out of the family room. We both ran down the hallway for what seemed like a mile and Haley was doubling over in pain from her full bladder but somehow was able to run as fast as I could.

Finally, we made it. We stopped in front of the door door and Haley stood back up and faced me.

“Haley? Aren’t you going to go in?” But I didn’t see Haley anymore, she disappeared. Suddenly, I became lonesome and scared. I started to look around for her, but I couldn’t find her anywhere. For a few moments, it was dead silent until I heard a familiar voice next to me.

“Maddy, I’m sorry, but we didn’t make it.” It was Haley’s voice, but she sounded very sad and depressed.

I looked to where it came from and I saw a gold framed mirror hanging on the wall. On the other side was me, but the reflection didn’t mimic my body. I saw myself with my hands covering my eyes, bawling, and my jeans were soaking up with liquid.

As I watched myself in the mirror, I experienced a sensation of warm and wet urine spreading between my own legs. When I looked down though, my pants were dry. I looked back up and saw Haley’s reflection, but not mine anymore. She stared back at me with tears rolling down her face and her pants had became soaked with urine.

“I’m sorry we had an accident. It should never have been this way. If only we had more time. Please forgive me.”

Before I had time to respond, I collapsed onto the floor. As I lay on the ground, I shut my eyes and started to shake like someone was shoving my body. I opened my eyes and I was back in Haley’s room. Haley was awake and she was hovering above me, looking concerned.

Slowly, I came to my senses and awoke. My eyes took a few moments to adjust to the fluorescent light that filled the room. Looking at both of us, I noticed both her and my pajamas were wet. So I arrived at one conclusion: I had wet the bed, again, and peed all over Haley.

“...Something happened, Maddy.” She said, looking over herself. I hopped off the bed immediately.

“Oh no, I did it again…”

Haley stood up and removed the wet bedding, setting them in a pile. The large wet spot that stained the mattress stared back at us both.

“I didn’t think this would happen, I’m so sorry!” I whimpered, humiliated at what I did. Haley sat down on the edge of the bed, seeming upset.

“Maddy… you didn’t do it.” She stated in a soft voice, looking up to me with shame in her eyes.

“But then…”

“I woke up, I was peeing. I tried to stop it but it just kept coming out.” Haley explained as she tried to keep her composure.

“Oh…” a gentle sigh passed my lips. I didn’t expect to hear that, nor for her to wet the bed.

She was definitely doing a lot better job at staying calm than I would have. Though, no matter how well she looked on the outside, I imagined how she was feeling on the inside. I, of course, knew for sure how mortifying it is to have an accident. I sat down next to her and hugged her.

“It’s okay…” I tried to console her, laying my head on her shoulder and lightly rubbing her arm.

“ It got you wet too, though. I’m sorry.” I looked down, my left pant leg had a small damp spot on the thigh area. Haley’s entire lap glistened with heavy saturation, however.

“Just a little… it’s not bad.” I assured her and hugged her tighter before leaning up to kiss her cheek.

Haley looked at me and smiled, then kissed me on my lips again. It gave me the same euphoria as it did earlier that evening. I happily completed the loving gesture and it ended with a soft smooch. The sensation of her soft lips lingered on mine and we hugged tightly again.

“We better clean your mattress before your parents find out!” I whispered.

“Oh my god, I don’t even know how to clean a mattress after…” Haley started to panic, but I stopped her mid-sentence.

“I do! I’ll help you! Just get me a sponge, a towel and a spray bottle with water in it.” I instructed Haley.

“I think I have all that stuff in my bathroom. Hold on.” She replied as she made a swift trip and came back with the items in a short amount of time, setting them on the bed.

“I’ll do this if you want to go ahead and starting washing the sheets.” I know I was able to do that because I did it the previous day.

Meanwhile, Haley changed her clothes, putting on clean underwear and a long t-shirt to cover herself up past her waist. I averted my wandering eyes, but I couldn’t help but catch a quick glimpse of her bare, plump bottom while she had it exposed. That image remained in my thoughts as I soaked up most of the stain up with the towel.

“Thank you for doing this, I don’t think I could get away with this without you.” She said as she added her wet clothes and the towel I used to the pile.

“You’re welcome!” I smiled at her. Haley returned the gesture seeming much more relaxed, then trotted out of the room with the wet things.

Utilizing the water and sponge, I diluted and soaked up the rest of the urine stain from the mattress. It wasn’t too much of a hassle, but I had to be quick; it was already after 6:00 am and I didn’t know when Haley’s parents would be awake

“Wow, it looks a lot better!” Haley exclaimed as she came back with my now clean and fresh clothes from yesterday. The sight of them made me go back to that embarrassing moment, but it didn’t bother me anymore.

“Mhm. It wasn’t that bad of a stain.” I assured her.

“I’m just going to tell my mom that we spilled soda on the bed.” Haley said before yawning again and looking to me with a smile.

“Good idea.” I smiled back and stayed with her for a little while longer before she went to take a shower. Then I headed back home for more sleep and happy dreams.

###

Once again thanks to frostyjr2 for being my editor.

%mh3.txt

*037*2014-08-16 03:32

Thank you. I actually debated including an omo scene or not. I sorta went with what the popular opinion would be, plus I didn't do one last chapter.

Also I fixed what you posted in the irc.

*039*2014-08-16 05:31

Haley backed her up into a corner, yes. The dream was weird, it was meant to represent how Maddy views Haley. She knew she was sleeping next to her, feeling the wetness but her mind was convinced that she was the one doing it. Maddy couldn't fathom the idea of her wetting, so the reflection showed herself instead before turning into Haley. It was her conflicting thoughts that caused it. Sorry if it was confusing.

That antifairy of omorashi.org bit is something I started adding into all of my fictions in an effort to catch potential plagiarists off guard.

*041*2014-08-16 10:01

{{: 

...You wouldn't happen to have a few chapters, say, stockpiled somewhere, would you? [nudge][nudge]

}}

In my head, I do. They just haven't been processed into readable text yet.

*042*2014-08-16 14:02

Guys, I would like your help. I need to come up with some cute, clever and appropriate IM screen names for Maddy and Haley. There will be online chat conversations between them eventually. Any ideas?

Also any other ideas you want me to consider, please post them here.

*045*2014-08-17 07:06

Those sound really good. I like minimaddy and the two for Haley.

*046*2014-08-20 17:01

Just so everyone is aware of a future change. I want to rename this series to "Warm Feelings" eventually. As I am bringing in new characters that will have a large role in the story.

Remember that name, Warm Feelings.

*048*2014-11-03 07:05

Good work, OmoCommando! Just so everyone knows, these are pictures from various scenes in the chapters.

Top two are from chapter 1, Middle left is chapter 2 and the rest are chapter 3.

