My first Fiction - Page 3

Author: Imouto Bouquet

*050*2014-01-03 10:39

Got to be difficult here, any reasons why you would like to see her get a second chance? Would just like to know.

*053*2014-01-03 18:44

I was going for that, but I aim to keep my stories suitable for anybody, that's why I censor out most swear words. Just something I do. ^^

*057*2014-01-10 18:46

Nope, not quite, I'm still writing up the next Chapter. It would have been out today but my procrastination prevented it. (>.< I had a huge assignment to start and do which is due in next week. I've had it for a full term and I've only now started it. Plus, I've hit a small snag with the main body of the story, I need my co-write to detail a little bit about his character's current situation.)

Rest assured, It'll most likely be out tomorrow.

@Moonlight: Cleo's good, but someone's little sister is better in my opinion. ^^

P.S: Why hate on Carrie? o_O Just curious. True, she did make Cleo cry, but that's not half as bad as what she could and may do. Thankies, StrumJaeger. ^^

*059*2014-01-11 23:53

It seems like most people wish for Melissa to be saved, maybe she will and maybe she won’t. You’ll have to read on, although it won’t be in this Chapter, but some hints may be in place. Here’s the next Chapter.

Chapter 8

Melissa stepped back in shock of what she just heard.

“Does she know? How?!” Melissa thought.

Carrie stayed with the grin on her face as the teacher walked in. Mr Crossman was a youngish man in his mid to late 20’s. He always had a slumped posture and stubble on his chin. He had black hair and brown eyes. He was wearing a old brown business suit and similarly aged trousers. He hated teaching but it was a job which earned him money so he had to bear with it. He spoke in a monotonous voice.

“Alright class, open your textbooks and turn to page 284. Answer the algebra questions in that section. I did have a lesson planned but it turns out that Cleo’s decided that this is the best time to turn on the waterworks. I don’t want anything to do with it and I frankly don’t care but it’s my obligation as a teacher to ensure that she’s alright.” After saying what he did, he walked out of the classroom, not caring that Melissa was out of her seat and looking away from the board.

Melissa, still shocked from what she heard, walked slowly back to her desk and carried on with what the teacher told her to do.

“She’s going to tell, I know she will! I need to silence her somehow, but how will I do that?!” Melissa panicked as these thoughts ran through her mind.

Carrie chuckled to herself when she saw how scared she made Melissa with her comment.

“Squirm all you like, it’s more fun for me that way. I already know how I’m going to reveal your dirty little secret to the whole school.” Carrie planned as she completed the algebra questions set. The time and place for Melissa’s dirty revelation was already set, and the means were partially clear. In two days’ time, the Year Representatives were going to give a speech regarding the changes already in place at the school. Melissa would be giving such a speech as the Representative of Year 9.

Alongside the speech, they’ll be carrying out a presentation via projector and laptop. All Carrie had to do was hack the school’s network and security system, find a picture from the camera at the back of the sports hall, blow that up big and then hack into the student files and find the presentation which Melissa was going to give and insert the picture in. A flawless plan, Carrie had the brains and the means for it. She also planned a little something else, but still needed to clarify if it was possible.

A shiver went down Melissa’s spine, she knew something bad was going to happen but wasn’t quite sure what yet, she couldn’t discipline Carrie with no evidence.

Cleo, still crying, was lead to the Infirmary and told by Mr Crossman to “chill out” there. The nurse was out at the moment so Cleo found a vacant bed, pulled over the curtain and cried into the pillow. Why was Carrie being so cruel? What had twisted her from the kind elder sister Cleo knew and loved? She lay there crying away and soon cried herself into a dreamless sleep.

Casey, not knowing about Cleo’s current predicament, went to her Mathematics lesson. She was a good 10 minutes late but the teacher wasn’t there. She walked over to her desk, sat down at it, and used this lesson as an extended lunch by playing around with her phone. She took one glance at Carrie and then returned to her game. She seemed happy, for some strange reason.

Brooke and Milly arrived at their English lesson just in time. They sat down at their desks, Brooke’s was the second seat from the back just in front of the windows and Milly’s was the one next to it. Mrs Bluebell arrived a little after Brooke and Milly did. She was a woman in her mid-30’s, she had long black hair tied in a pony-tail and blue eyes. She was wearing a dark purple dress and black business shoes. She called out the register to see if everyone was present, they all were, and then proceeded to start her lesson.

“Today we’ll be starting to write up a book report on the book which we have been reading, ‘The five people you meet in Heaven’ by Mitch Albom. I want you to get into pairs for this task, one of you can read through the book again to familiarise yourself and your partner with the it while the other searches for the other books which we’ve read over these past few months and analyse and compare them. With the main focus on what ways they use pathetic fallacy and dramatic irony. The pairs are as follows…” She started reading through the class register and paring up people with similar abilities in this particular lesson. Brooke and Milly were one of the pairs.

“Awesome! We’re working together on this one.” Milly said with joy.

“Yes.” Brooke replied, smiling a little.

“Collect your bags, we’ll be going to the Library for this task.” Mrs Bluebell continued.

“Let’s go, Brooke.” Milly said as she picked up her bag and made her way out of the classroom to the Library. “This may seem like a stupid question, but, do you know where the Library is?” She asked Brooke. Many a partner Milly had before didn’t even know that minor detail.

“Um, yes. I do.” Brooke replied. “I go there a lot. I like it there.”

“Alright, don’t fall behind, now!” Milly playfully called back as she increased her pace towards the Library.

The pressure in Brooke’s bladder increased as she tried to match Milly’s pace. “I really should go, but I don’t want to make Milly do this all by herself…” Brooke thought regarding her bladder’s signals. She pushed the feeling to the back of her mind and continued on after Milly.

The RCGA Library was a huge two story building next to the Infirmary. It had a whole building all to itself. It housed around 300,000 books varying from fiction books to biographies. It could seat around 150 students at one time and it provided computers for around half of them. Upon arrival, Mrs Bluebell gathered her class together just in front of the reception desk and further briefed them on their task.

“You can use whatever resources are in this Library. You have the rest of this lesson and the whole lesson tomorrow to make a good start on your book reports. These book reports are due in in around 2 weeks’ time. I’ll only give you these two lessons to start them off, the rest of the time you need to communicate with your partner and arrange meeting times for the remainder of the report. Do you understand?”

“Yes, Mrs Bluebell.” The class chorused back.

“Alright then. Off you go.” She replied.

By this time, the added pressure from the practical power walk she did before was causing Brooke’s need for relief to rise.

“I’ll go and ask the Librarian where the nearest toilet is. I’ll let Milly know where I’m going afterwards.” Brooke thought as she made her way towards the main reception desk. She was stopped by Milly calling out to her.

“Hey, Brooke, how about I gather the other books and you read through our current book and take notes? I’ll only be a few minutes; I know where the other books are.”

Brooke was startled by this a little and a small spurt of warm fluid left her urethra. She quickly pulled her legs together.

“A-alright. I’ll go and find us a seat and a computer.” Brooke replied. She made her ways towards an empty computer hub and picked up an extra chair for Milly. While walking to the computer, she occasionally shifted her weight from foot to foot, trying to quell the uprising in her bladder.

“I should go, I really should. I don’t want a repeat of back then…” Brooke thought as she remembered what had happened to her many months ago. These memories only caused her need to increase; she was now squeezing her legs together. She was about to turn and go back to the reception desk when Milly appeared from around a large bookshelf.

“Got them!” She called out to Brooke. “You logged on, yet?” She asked.

“Oh, um, I was about to, I-I just…” Brooke stammered out as she squirmed a little in place.

“Don’t worry, I’ll log on. You just go and read the book. I’ll put the others on the table here.” Milly cut in as she placed the books in her hands down on the table by the computer. She then quickly walked over to the computer and typed in her username and password and left the compute to do the rest on its own.

Brooke sat down at the table, instantly regretting it as it made her need worse, she was tapping her feet and swinging her legs back and forth under the table. It was now or never.

“U-um, Milly, I…” Brooke started when a wave of urine battered against her bladder’s walls. She squealed a little and quickly dug both her hands into her crotch, trying to hold back the flood which wanted to leave her.

“Don’t worry about reading the others, yet.” Milly answered, thinking that Brooke wanted to know which book to start with. “Just focus on ‘Five people’, that’s what this report is mainly about, the others are just reference material. I’ll go and quickly grab some dictionaries, we need to use a variety of words otherwise Mrs Bluebell will downgrade us for lack of creativity. It has happened before.” She finished as she quickly walked away again.

Brooke now didn’t know what to do, she could barely move for fear of leaking. She sat there, swinging her feet and moving from left to right, squirming around and bouncing up and down. More of her warm fluids squirted out of her to further dampen her panties, she pushed harder and harder into her girlhood until it hurt.

“Not again…” Brooke thought as more memories of her past experiences in similar situations filled her mind, causing her to lose more control as a large spurt left her girlhood. She started crying, furiously trying to push back in what wanted to come out, her knuckles turned white with effort as they pushed into her girlhood, plugging it slightly but ultimately making no difference. She squirmed some more and writhed around trying to hold back the flood. She bounced around, swung her legs faster and even tried sitting with her foot digging in to her crotch. Each movement she made caused more spurts to leave her body until she had no more fight left in her. She fell onto the desk and cried hard as her internal lake overflowed its damn and gushed through her urethra, soaking her panties and the chair she sat on until it started pooling around on the floor underneath her.

“It’s just like that time, except one thing’s different. She’s not here…” Brooke thought as the fluids leaving her urethra started to slow down to a trickle.

“Brooke, I’m back!” Milly called out as she returned with her arms fully of various dictionaries and thesauruses. When she saw Brooke crying and sitting in a puddle of something, Milly dropped the books, causing a loud thud to resound around the Library’s ground floor.

“Brooke, what happened?!” Milly called out to Brooke as she started to run towards her.

End of Chapter 8

Alright, Chapter 9 is now out. The next chapter will not only include my own writing, but that of my Co-writer as well. It will be a duo effort. I'm hoping to post it some time next week. Enjoy. ^^ Nyro out!

*061*2014-01-12 10:26

That's only half of it, think of it as just the main base plan. I've still got more planned for her. ^^

Thanks! :) It might mean that, but, then again, it might not. It depends on how everything pans out over the next few chapters. ;)

*064*2014-01-16 21:38

Thanks, Necro! ^^ I'm trying to get into a schedule of posting a new chapter every week, it shouldn't be long now for another chapter to come out.

I'm also willing to write side stories based off of this story or take a request from people to write something completely different. Just say what you may want and I'll do what I can to put your request into writing. :)

*067*2014-01-17 18:47

{{: 

As much as I'd like to see something with both Brooke and Cleo I'm already getting that in the rp.

Um instead can we see something with just Milly and Brooke, like the both of them walking home after school on a really windy day. (I like wind) not sure what could happen maybe Brooke as another accident at some point or Milly could have one along side her at some point.

}}

That's possible, but it'll have to be done later in the story as something like that requires some understanding of both characters, something which Milly is still lacking a little. I'll probably do that after the next few chapters.

{{: 

As far as side stories, for this one, I kind of want to see Casey facing off against another girl who thinks of herself as Casey's rival for best athlete in the school to a holding contest with the addition of various one-on-one sports to make holding more difficult. As for requests for unrelated storeis, what mahou shoujo anime and anime with loli-heavy casts are you familiar with?

}}

Just out of curiosity, how is holding related to athletics? O.o

I can do something like that. Would you like to create this rival yourself or leave that to me. If you yourself wish to create the character then I'll need to know and you'll need to do a little character profile so I can gain an understanding of just how this rival acts.

In regards to the Magical Girl side story, regrettably, I've not seen many. The ones I've seen are Madoka Magica and Cardcaptor Sakura in regards to loli magical girls. I've seen too many loli animes to list. Offer some suggestions and I'll say if I've seen them. ^^

*071*2014-01-19 19:29

Buckle up your seatbelts, we’re going on a feels trip! (Maybe) Here comes the collaboration between me and my co-writer. Most of it is my co-writer’s work; I’ve only just polished it up a little and made it fit in to the context. You’re only getting half the story from me but, keep watch of the forums, my co-writer might be publishing the rest soon. Let’s get the feels train moving!

Chapter 9

Brooke sat in a puddle of her own making, crying away. She didn’t notice Milly run up to her and ask her just what made her cry, her thoughts were elsewhere.

“It’s just like back then…” Brooke sobbed out. “It’s happening again.”

Milly didn’t want to probe into the matter much. She was more concerned with Brooke’s own health and the puddle beneath her to want to ask more.

“Hold on, I’ll let Mrs Bluebell know. I’ll take you to the infirmary afterwards.” Milly informed Brooke, as she went searching for her teacher. She found Mrs Bluebell close to the Librarian’s desk, typing away on her laptop.

“Mrs Bluebell, Brooke’s had an accident. I’m going to take her to the infirmary.” Milly told her teacher.

Mrs Bluebell looked up from her laptop and wondered what Milly was talking about.

“What kind of accident?” She asked.

Milly considered just what words would best explain Brooke’s current situation.

“She’s had a…toileting accident. She wet herself.” Milly thought these words would best describe the situation.

Mrs Bluebell sighed and gave Milly permission to take Brooke to get cleaned up.

Milly returned to Brooke and started to help her up.

“Come on, Brooke. Let’s get you cleaned up.” Milly softly said to Brooke, who just sobbed in response.

“Why does this keep happening to me? Why?” Brooke sobbed away.

Milly took Brooke out of the Library and to the Infirmary next door, unknowing of Cleo’s presence in there.

Once they got inside, Miss Lavender, the school nurse, asked them what had happened.

“So, Milly, what brings you and Brooke here?” Miss Lavender asked, not turning away from her computer. She saw their reflection in her screen.

Miss Lavender was a young woman in her late twenties who had just finished her degree in Medical Practice. She had black hair, which she normally wore in a ponytail, and green eyes. She wore prescription glasses with black frames and small stud earrings.

“Um, Miss, Brooke had a little accident.” Milly admitted.

Miss Lavender turned from her screen into their direction. She was about task ask what kind of accident Brooke had, but decided not to when she saw the tell-tale wet patch on Brooke’s skirt.

“Say no more.” Miss Lavender dismissed. “Take a towel from the drawers by the beds and have a search through the missing clothes box for something Brooke’s size. Wet wipes are in the drawers with the towels, which should help clean her up for now.”

Brooke whimpered in response. She was then led by Milly to a vacant bed opposite a seemingly occupied one.

Cleo had just woken up from her sleep when she heard someone enter into the infirmary and mention something about towels and accidents. This piqued Cleo’s interest so she remained quiet behind the curtain, listening intently to what was going on outside.

“I thought I could get away from it all by moving here. Why must it follow me everywhere?” Brooke cried.

Milly really did want to know just what Brooke was talking about, but, she decided that Brooke was in no state to talk about it at the moment. Milly took a towel from the drawers and put it on the bed next to Brooke. She then took out a packet of wet wipes and placed them near the towel.

“Here’s a towel and some wet wipes. Feel free to pull the curtains while you get cleaned up, I’ll be just outside picking out some clothes.” Milly told Brooke.

“Thanks…” Brooke replied as she pulled the curtains closed. She then took off her wet clothes and cleaned herself down, gently sobbing.

Milly searched through the box and picked out a pair of white panties, a pink t-shirt and a yellow skirt.

“I’ve got your clothes ready.” Milly called out to Brooke.

Cleo was getting more and more interested in the conversation now, she wondered just why this girl called Brooke needed some clean clothes. Did she hurt herself and tear her clothes during a P.E lesson? Or was it something more intriguing.

Brooke had just finished cleaning herself when she heard Milly.

“Okay, pass them through the curtains, please.” Brooke answered.

Milly complied and placed the clothes on the bed, her arm the oly thing coming through the curtains.

Brooke changed into the clothes and opened the curtains.

“Please, Milly, stay with me for a little while.” Brooke asked.

“Okay. I don’t mind missing English.” Milly answered. “Brooke, I’m sorry. I should have paid more attention to you. I was too busy rushing around that I didn’t even give you the chance to go to the toilet.” Milly apologised to Brooke.

Cleo heard the apology. So, Brooke had a toileting accident, did she? The little feeling from the Science lesson filled her again, causing her girlhood to tingle and itch, she wanted to rub away the sensation. A hand went down to her treasure and started to rub at it through her swimsuit. She felt something wet escape her girlhood.

“No, it’s my fault. That’s been happening to me ever since then.” Brooke replied.

“If you don’t mind me asking, what are you talking about? Has this happened before?” Milly wanted to understand just what Brooke was referring to.

“Well…” Brooke began.

“It started about a year ago. It was during my Math finals at my old school back home in America. I was so scared that I’d fail that I crammed as much as I could the night before. I don’t remember much of what I did for revision. I went downstairs for breakfast as normal and I talked a little with my family.

“My friend came to pick me up for school as usual; I left the house with her after saying good-bye to my parents. When I came to school, the Math final was first period. Naturally, I was nervous the whole time. Only when I was halfway through it did I realise.

“I was so nervous I must have forgotten to go to the bathroom before it. I really needed to pee that I could barely focus on my test; this made me even more nervous as the timer was ticking away. I tried to forget about it by doing more of the test, that seemed worked for a while.

“But not for long. Soon I could barely sit still and…”

Brooke stopped for a second as fresh tears started to mist up her eyes.

“…that’s when I had my accident. Everyone in class laughed at me. My friend took me to the nurse’s office to get cleaned up. She then informed my Mom of it and she came to pick me up.”

Cleo was captivated by Brooke’s story, her rubbing increased in speed, causing more wetness to seep out of her peach into her swimsuit.

“The next few weeks made matters worse. I was constantly teased by the other students and called names. Two girls even came up to me and personally picked on me while I was trying to read in the school Library. I ran out in floods of tears think ‘Why me?’.

“The only one who stood by me through all this was my friend.”

Brooke chocked back more tears, it seemed as the next bit would be really hard for her to say, Milly took note of this and offered some means of silence.

“You don’t have to tell me any more if you don’t want to. I’m sorry for all you’ve been through, I had no idea.” Milly comforted. Brooke carried on, however.

“The weeks went on and I had accidents many more times. The teasing and the name calling were getting to me so badly that I couldn’t control it anymore.”

Cleo was now rubbing furiously away at her peach, it tingled like mad and that seemed to be the only thing which stopped it. Cleo kept rubbing, imagining all the accidents, imagining a small, cute girl wetting herself in many different situations. A warm feeling seemed to come from her abdomen and down to her peach. Suddenly, Cleo lost all strength in her body as a large spurt of some kind of slimy, clear fluid left her peach. She panted quietly and, as soon as feeling returned to her body, started rubbing away again.

Brooke continued.

“The only one who comforted me in those times was my friend. But she…”

Brooke started crying again.

“...she left me alone.

“In the middle of August, she got caught in a car accident. She…she….”

Brooke broke down into more tears and a feeling welled up inside her. All of a sudden, warm, fresh urine started to leave Brooke’s girlhood and soak the bed under her, soaking through the white panties and turning them yellow. Milly just hugged Brooke close.

“…she died. My only friend died! I was all alone. I no longer had control over my pee. Every time I got nervous or thought about her I just wet myself without knowing. I don’t know why it happened, it just did.” Brooke now felt the urine around her crotch. “Like now!” She cried louder.

“I just wanted to get away from it all. I didn’t talk to anyone, I didn’t go anywhere. I just shut myself away! My Dad got a job opportunity to move to here, he took it, hoping that it’ll be a fresh start for me, I hoped that, too, but now look at me! It’s starting again!”

Brooke was crying uncontrollably now. Cleo stopped her rubbing as soon as she heard the end of Brooke’s troy, Cleo herself had started crying softly, too.

“Brooke,” Milly said, “I’m so sorry…” Milly hugged Brooke even tighter and stroked her head in an attempt at calming her down.

End of Chapter 9

Alright, I do hope I haven't strayed too far from what my co-writer wanted. If I have, I apologise. Nyro Out! Wait, shouldn't that be "Koneko out" or something? Whatever. Koneko out!

@Jeffery: Alright! I'll get started on that soon.

*074*2014-01-19 21:35

Well, that Car Crash thing was originally going to be an idea of mine, but he beat me to the punch. I didn't even tell him about it. I'm sorry if this story is straying away a little from Omo, but I just can't write a story if it is fully reliant on desperation and wetting, it just doesn't work in my mind. I've got to put some form of story to work alongside it.

The Feels train has only just left the station, we've still got the rest of the ride to contend with. Brace yourselves and make sure to stock up on tissues,

