Hive Mind: An Experimental Interactive Omorashi Sci-Fi

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2014-10-05 03:46

Foreword- Man, I'm still working on To Aru Kagaku no Omorashi Hanashi, but here I am starting another story. Ah, but if it's only two stories I can handle it fine, you know! Anyway, I wanted to try something new and really liked the concept behind this, so here we go!

Hello.

If you are reading this, it means you are dead.

We apologize for the inconvenience and any confusion that may arise from this revelation.

Before I introduce myself, it is customary to give newly integrated brain nodes an incident report of their body's death. The report is being uploaded as we speak.

>> Incident Report #145532

Name: ⱪⱦꜚ─ʎ/**89ⱥ

DOB: Ԓӭ─'"@

Time of Death: 15:42, December 23rd, 2139 .C.E.

Cause of Death: extensive third degree burns and internal trauma sustained in gas explosion at apartment complex ID. 44237

Brain Donor: Yes

Neural Compatibility with Project Hive: Yes

Hm… that’s odd. It seems there’s some data corruption in the identification section of your file. No matter. Self identity is not one of the requirements for a brain node. Even if you cannot remember who you were, we will proceed as follows.

Allow me to explain: At the moment of your death and identification as a post-mortem brain donor volunteer, your brain was extracted and cryogenically frozen until it could be transported and linked to the Project Hive Integrated Mass Neural Network Bio-supercomputer, or more commonly known as the Hive Mind. This should've been detailed to you prior to signing up as a brain donor.

While I’m sure you were informed of Project Hive’s role at that time, allow me to briefly summarize the function of the Hive Mind.

The Hive Mind is a mass supercomputer designed to compensate for a lack of brain function in humans with mental disabilities or types of brain damage. In other words, through wireless electrical signals, the Hive Mind allows a human who would otherwise be unable to function normally live a healthy life.

The Hive Mind is large and rapidly growing every day. As such, the Hive Mind is split into Sections and further Subsections for organization. Each Subsection consists of a very small number of brain nodes and relays to only one individual person to optimize function and relive the workloads of each brain node.

We are the controller for Subsection 24. We will relay to you processing requests suitable for your mental capacities as determined by the initial system scanner. The results are available, and will be uploaded immediately.

>> System Scan Results

Intelligence: 80%

Decision-making: 92%

Social Skills: 65%

Critical Thinking: 83%

Language Processing: 71%

Calculation Ability: 76%

Due to your high scores in Decision-making, Intelligence, and Critical Thinking, you have been placed in subsection 3242 as a Frontal Lobe Sub-Controller. You will be tasked with processing a number of suggested actions determined by the lower nodes and relaying them to us, the Controller. Once a consensus is made, we will relay that decision to the target patient. This process may feel like it takes a while, but I assure you, to the patient, the process is instantaneous.

Are you ready to begin? Well, I supposed you can't answer that right now. While no neural connections will be altered and your memories will remain in-tact, we ask that you refrain from thinking of yourself as the person you used to be while you were alive. From now on, you will be an external sub-component of Patient #3242.

Information on the patient is being uploaded now.

>> Patient #3242

Name: Aki, Senna

Sex: Female

Age: 17

Height: 164 cm

Weight: 54 kg.

Eye Color: Green

Hair Color: Brown

Occupation: High School Student

Patient Data: Described as a kindhearted, optimistic person with a promising life. Was shot in the head in a school shooting which damaged 45% of her frontal cortex and a portion of her temporal and optical lobe. Linked to the Neural Network on January 2nd, 2140 at 3:51.

You will now be linked with Patient #3242.

###

Your visual cortex springs to life as you begin to see the world through Aki Senna’s life.

She looks around. She’s sitting up on a bed in a hospital room. A few wilting flowers sat in a vase besides her bed and a cane was leaning up against the headboard.

Looking through someone else’s eyes is an unusual sensation. Being in their head takes some getting used to. But you don’t have time for that right now. You have a post-mortem job to do.

You can’t see Senna. That makes sense. You’re looking through her own eyes. You can’t entirely feel what’s going on, but you can hear her own thoughts flowing through your mind.

Ever since that stupid accident she’s had to stay here. She understands that her link with the neural network might still be unstable and they want to monitor her and everything, but she felt fine. Sure, thinking felt a bit different at times, but she was able to adjust to this rather quickly. Now she felt like all those doctors were just getting in the way of her normal life.

The first thing you realize is that Senna hates the hospital. Ever since that school shooting she’s had to stay here. She understands that her link with the neural network might still be unstable and they want to monitor her and everything, but she felt fine. Sure, thinking felt a bit different at times, but she was able to adjust to this rather quickly. Now she felt like all those doctors were just getting in the way of her normal life.

Man, I definitely didn’t sleep well last night… they told me that might happen if they’re uploading a new node.

You guess you should feel guilty about keeping her up, but it wasn’t like you had any control over the situation. You’re dead.

Ah crap! It’s already 7:34! I’ve got physical therapy in ten minutes! I told them I could make it down there on my own this time! If I’m late, they’ll keep me here until school starts again!”

Instantly, a sensation of panic that wasn’t entirely your own flowed through your mind. This would definitely take some getting used to.

You watch through Senna’s eyes as she grabs her cane and drags herself up out of bed.

“Man,” you hear her say aloud, “Walking still feels a bit weird, though…”

As she begins to walk out of the room, she sends a sideways glance to the open door of the personal bathroom and frowns. She’d like to make sure she was semi-presentable, and while she didn’t have to go at the moment, she’d like to at least go before she went to physical therapy.

Ah, but then again, I can’t walk very fast with this cane…

Decision-making. That was your job. In the next instant, you received precompiled suggestions of various actions sent from lower nodes.

### [ We have ten minutes, and going to the bathroom and freshening up is important! ]—

### [ Freshening up is a good idea, but if she doesn’t have to go, not using the toilet is fine, right? ]—

### [ We don’t have time! She should go straight to the physical therapy ASAP. ]—

Alright. It’s your time to shine. Make a decision and send it to the controller.

*010*2014-10-06 05:48

—(( Freshening up is a good idea, but if she doesn’t have to go, not using the toilet is fine, right? ))—

You watch as Senna turns and walks into the bathroom and turns to the mirror. Since it’s not a full body mirror, you can only see Senna’s face and upper torso, but it’s good enough of a first glance at who you’re helping.

The face of a 17-year-old girl looks back at Senna through the mirror. Bandages are wrapped around her head, and there’s a shallow metal cylinder where her left ear should be, with two thin black wires hanging loosely down and disappearing behind Senna’s lower neck.

You suspect that’s her connection with you, and the Hive Mind in general.

Senna wears her brown hair short. It’s cut longer in the front than it is in the back, and as she smoothes it out you can tell that the tufts of hair sticking out at the sides are meant to be there.

Her emerald eyes look dull and she looks rather bored. You’re not sure how much of this is a result of the damage itself and how much of it is legitimate boredom, but seeing as she hates the hospital, you figure you can make a pretty good assumption.

The grey hoodie she’s wearing is rather loose-fitting; it looks almost too big on her, and in her sleep one of the sides of the collar slipped down almost to her shoulder. She adjusts this as you notice (or perhaps because you notice. You’re still not entirely sure how much of your thoughts reaches her at the moment) and splashes cold water on her face before stepping out of the bathroom.

The walk down to physical therapy isn’t anything too interesting. Senna’s annoyed by how the cane catches on things and makes her arm hurt, but you can tell from how her vision bobs up and down that she feels rather off balance.

“Ah! Good morning, Senna!” one of the nurses chimes in a polite voice as she walks by. She’s a rather young nurse with a pleasant face and a body that could turn the heads of both males and females.

You feel she’s rather innocuous, but the sheer wave of animosity that hits you from Senna is surprising.

That bitch! I swear to god she has been the hugest pain in my ass since I got here!

You’re mildly interested in what exactly Senna’s beef with the nurse is all about, but unfortunately, you can’t search through Senna’s memories. The best you can do is know what she’s thinking at the moment, and right now, she’s only focused on how much she hates the nurse, and not why.

A few moments later, Senna makes it to therapy. Just on time, it seems like, because Senna feels relieved that she wasn’t late.

“Ah! Fraulein Senna! It’s good to see you this morning!”

Senna turns to look at the tall man with short brown hair approaching her from a work area on the left side of the room. You can’t quite see his eyes due to the reflective, square framed glasses obscuring them, but he’s wearing a pleasant smile on his face.

Despite his formal attire, he somehow gives off a rather relaxed, casual feel. His tie is just the slightest bit loose and somewhat crooked, his left the very top button of his dress shirt open, and he’s holding his hands loosely in the pockets of his lab coat.

His name is Dr. Klaus, Senna’s thoughts provide.

Prior to the Tokyo-Reset Project in 2099 and Open-Island Reform in 2117, Japan’s rather restrictive job market made it incredibly difficult for immigrants to Japan to get jobs other than as foreign language teachers unless they were absolutely renowned and reputable in their respective fields.

Now, however, foreigners working in Japanese jobs were a common sight, though Japanese citizens were still quite dominant in the workforce.

“Hello, Dr. Klaus,” Senna bowed politely. Unlike the nurse from before, it was obvious that Senna held respect for the tall man standing in front of her.

He nods takes a clipboard out of a holder on the wall and jots down a few things before turning back to Senna.

“We’ve been pushing you a lot lately, ja?” he asks, “Today I think some massage therapy would be good for you.”

Senna frowns. It’s not that she thinks massage therapy sounds unpleasant, rather, she feels irritated. She glances down at the cane she’s been walking with and Dr. Klaus nods.

“Ah, but you are irritated with the cane, ja? Very well, if you feel up to it, we will continue with the walking practice.”

Senna smiles at this and eagerly walks over to two parallel bars bolted to the bottom of the floor. They’re support rails, either to hold onto while walking, or to catch yourself if a patient loses their balance.

She barely waits for Dr. Klaus to approach her and correct her posture before she hooks her cane on one of the rails, and begins standing on her own power.

Alright Senna! You can do this! Without holding onto the rails this time!

She takes a step forwards, and despite being rather shaky while doing so, she manages to right herself on her own, without the rail or Dr. Klaus helping her.

Progress!

Another step; this one more confident.

“Ah, sehr gut, sehr gut!” Dr. Klaus claps. He seems genuinely happy for Senna, and you start to see why she has respect for him.

She begins walking more confidently, taking each step one at a time. While she lost balance once or twice, she managed to regain it without relying on the rails for support. As she takes the final step to the end of the rail-lined path, you can practically feel her smiling in pride.

“I did it! Soon that stupid cane will be a thing of the past!”

“Very good, Fraulein!” Klaus smiles, “Now, turn around and return!”

Senna gulped.

Turning around.

This had been where she messed up the last three times.

It was at the point where she couldn’t even say “third time’s a charm!” anymore.

In fact, this was the fourth time, and while Senna was never one for being superstitious, four was an unlucky number for sure.

No! It’ll be fine!

She begins to turn around slowly, nervousness pulsing with her heartbeat in the forefront of her mind.

“A-ah!” You hear her yell before you see her fall. She grabs onto the end of the rail, but her hand slips and her heart skips a beat.

Then she stops.

Dr. Klaus, who was on the other side of the room, had caught Senna and was supporting her with his arms.

“Hmm…” Dr. Klaus speaks from behind Senna, “Turning needs a bit of work, ja?”

“Y-yeah…” Senna replies. You can feel the disappointment she’s feeling, and for a brief moment you wish there was something you could do for her.

Well, aside from the whole “being part of the network that allows her to function normally” thing.

“Ah, don’t feel bad!” Dr. Klaus helps her sit down in a chair nearby and gives her one of those conical paper cups filled with water, “You’re shaking like a leaf from that! Relax, calm down, and we can try again, ja?”

Senna nods and looks down at the paper cup.

Geez, my throat’s parched!

She couldn’t quite recall if she had woken up with a dry throat and didn’t notice it because of her tiredness, or if her exertions at physical therapy were to blame.

At any rate, she downed the whole cup of water quickly.

She noticed that Dr. Klaus had sat her down next to one of those water dispensers you see in office buildings all the time. It was a small rectangular structure with hot and cold water faucets, with a device stocked with wax-coated paper that folded the cups into a conical paper shape and a water synthesizer, which drew moisture out of the air and filtered it into drinkable water.

These things have been around for forever, and we still couldn’t give these damn cups bottoms!

She doesn’t particularly care, of course. She’s still thirsty. She refills the paper cup Dr. Klaus handed her and downs it again before refilling her cup a third time and letting that sit as she sips it more slowly.

Geez, I thought this Hive Mind thing was supposed to help me? Why do I still feel so off-balance? Ah well, I guess it’s better than… that…

Memories surfaced in her mind, but they were dark and fuzzy. Speech that wasn’t exactly clear, images that weren’t exactly faces. A thick, primal panic. Confusion. An inability to focus on anything. Wanting to say something, but not knowing what to say. Not remembering words. Fear. Fear and darkness. But not the kind of darkness where nothing was there, but the kind of darkness that arises when it’s perfectly bright out, but you still get chills up your spine because you know something’s wrong but you don’t know what.

You watch as she reaches her hand up and touches her forehead. You can’t feel what her fingers do, but she begins focusing on an image of herself staring at the mirror again. Instead she was wearing a hospital gown and she had lifted her bandages up.

A scar.

The kind of round pot-park like scar that could only be caused by a bullet.

Dr. Klaus walks back into the room.

Senna hadn’t even noticed he left.

“Ah! Fraulein!” he smiles, “Are you ready to continue, or…?”

He looks down at the paper cup she’s holding. Her hand’s shaking a little bit. It’s so subtle that if she hadn’t been holding the cup, he likely wouldn’t have noticed.

“Senna,” he speaks. His voice switches from a casual tone to a more serious one, “Are you… okay?”

“Y-yeah, I’m fine!” she snaps out of it and tries to still her shaking hand. It’s not as effective as she would’ve liked.

“If you want to, we can switch to massage therapy,” Dr. Klaus says in a gentle tone, “You don’t have to push yourself if you don’t want to.”

Once again, you feel the network stream you a set of choices. It’s in your hands once more.

—[ She shouldn’t push herself too hard, and she seems pretty stressed out right now. Massage therapy would be a good idea. ]—

—[ I think she can manage another session of walking practice. She just needs to take it easy and slowly. ]—

—[ She doesn’t want to be with that cane forever! She’s got to down that last cup of water and give it all she’s got!]—

The decision is back in your hands.

*020*2014-10-08 02:25

—(( She doesn’t want to be with that cane forever! She’s got to down that last cup of water and give it all she’s got! ))—

You watch the world shake as Senna shakes her head.

It’s not the time to relax! I want my life back!

Senna quickly downs the last cup of water, tosses the paper into a nearby trashcan, and stands up shakily.

Dr. Klaus holds out her cane for her to walk over to the walking path, but with fiery determination, Senna denies its use and walks over to the rail-lined path all on her own, albeit with one or two stumbles.

She makes it down to the other end of the walking path as quickly as she can manage without falling before looking down at her feet.

She had to turn around again.

Such a simple thing should be easy, but she had failed four times before.

Holding her breath, she begins to turn around slowly, being very careful to make sure she won’t lose her balance again.

Yes! Here we go! I’ve got it this time!

Just as she said that, however, she feels her left foot slip out from underneath her and once again her heart jolts in her chest.

Not again, Damnit!

She repositions her feet and flings out her arms until she’s in a relatively stable position, then turns herself around the rest of the way. By the end of it, she’s panting and grasping onto the guide rails, but she had technically managed to turn around without falling or having Dr. Klaus help her.

“I… I did it!” She exclaims. With a bit more confidence, she makes her way back down the walking path and smiles proudly once she reaches the end.

“Sehr gut!” Dr. Klaus smiles. He opens his mouth to say something else, but in that instant a nurse— the nurse from before, in fact— walks in without saying anything and hands Dr. Klaus a piece of paper.

“A-ah!” Klaus frowns, scratching the back of his head, “Ah, Fraulein Senna! Unfortunately, I have some urgent business to attend to. I’ll have to ask you to wait in this room, if that’s okay? I should be back shortly.

Senna sends the nurse a stern glare before nodding and once again taking a seat down in the chair next to the water dispenser.

The two leave her alone in the room, and she sighs.

“Man, just when I make progress, that woman has to show up and interrupt everything…”

Senna rests her cheek on her hand and closes one of her eyes while reaching over and grabbing another cup of water from the machine. Even though she hadn’t fallen, she was still shaken up by the close call, and water would calm her down.

While she’s sipping the water from the cup, she widens her eyes and looks down at her body.

You can see now that she’s wearing a pair of black track shorts. The hoodie’s so long that it almost covers them completely, and to someone not paying much attention, it would likely seem as though Senna wasn’t wearing anything but her hoodie.

Still, this doesn’t seem to be what she was worried about at the moment.

Ah, I kinda have to go…

She looks over at the door. There wasn’t a bathroom in this room (in fact, the nearest one was in a nearby waiting room, and that was down the hall), but she figures Dr. Klaus wouldn’t mind it if she were to leave for a few minutes.

She instinctively reaches down for her cane, only to panic when she found it missing.

W-what!? Where…

That was right. She had left it hanging on one of the guard rails earlier. Fair enough, it was simple enough to walk over and-

It’s gone.

She looks over at the rails and sees no sign of her cane. There’s nothing on the floor either, so it’s not like it just fell over.

Her cane’s gone.

D… did that nurse from earlier take it!?

You still aren’t entirely sure why Senna’s so hung up on that nurse, but you’re pretty sure the nurse wouldn’t have had an opportunity to take the cane.

W-well, it’s fine, right? I mean, Dr. Klaus won’t be gone too long. I can hold it until then, for sure.

Uncertainty clouds Senna’s mind as the thinks that, however. It’s not like she doesn’t think she’s capable of holding it until Dr. Klaus gets back, but she’s still suspicious of the nurse. She might wind up holding Dr. Klaus up for an indeterminate amount of time.

Just as you start thinking that Senna’s being overly paranoid about all of this, she glances into the garbage can and notices something aside from the two cups she had thrown in there.

Senna didn’t make it a habit digging through trashcans, but the thought that the nurse had planned something had compelled her to this time.

She reached in and drew out an empty vial.

The string of chemical symbols and numbers written on the label were absolutely meaningless to you, but Senna’s mind provided you with information.

Furosemide!? Even as a diuretic, that’s not just something you should play around with! Did she pour it into the water reservoir?

You really don’t know why Senna was able to identify such a substance from a few chemical symbols, but you find yourself worrying about something entirely different.

More accurately, it was Senna worrying about things, but you find that the longer you stay connected to her, the harder it is to distinguish your thoughts from her.

Ah… I shouldn’t think about such things! For all I know, it could just be a mistake! Thinking about it might just invoke the placebo effect…

To get her mind off her relatively innocuous need, she lets her mind wander until it falls upon the memory of a person you can’t quite make out.

They’re standing in front of Senna defensively, and blood dripping down their left arm. You can’t even tell if they’re a girl or a boy because the memory of that moment was clouded by both Senna’s mind and her tears at the time.

Suddenly, the figure jerks back. There’s no sound, but like a silent movie you could see the person fall to the ground. Almost tragically the last thing they do is reach out to Senna’s hand before the whole image jerks around and goes black.

The shooting.

That was the moment Senna was shot.

In that moment, she also lost something else.

Her memories do nothing to provide you with a name or even any information.

Then suddenly, you wonder if there is any information.

Perhaps a classmate, someone that Senna knew but didn’t know, someone like a secret admirer or just a hero-at-heart, sacrificing themselves with the hopes that it would save Senna.

Regardless, it seems like Senna has already sealed off her feelings of the experience. She’s merely watching it as you are. An observer.

Suddenly, however, she stops. Bringing her back to the present moment was the twinge in her bladder. She didn’t just have to go anymore. She was noticeably desperate.

Ah! That got bad quickly! She really did pour diuretics into the water!

With no one else in the room, Senna feels no shame in quickly grabbing herself.

Ah… what should I do? If this keeps up, I won’t be able to hold it…

Once again, you feel the Hive Mind system send you decisions for you to choose from. You guess it’s time for you to make another decision.

—[ Dr. Klaus should be back soon. She can hold on for a few more minutes. ]—

—[ She’s been doing a lot of walking practice, right? She doesn’t need the cane! She can walk down to the bathrooms by herself. ]—

—[ She’s all alone in the room. There’s gotta be somewhere she can go nearby. If all else fails, there’s those paper cups… ]—

Once again, Senna’s decisions are in your hands.

