HARD BOILED LEGS: A Megan and Sarah mystery adventure - Page 5

Author: frostyjr2

*102*2014-01-20 16:58

Anubis, you are welcome to register your vote as well... duly noted.

Somehow i don't think Wan Yu enjoys being desperate, but one never knows what might happen in this story of ours.

*106*2014-01-22 15:19

{{: 

Was wondering if we could get a little reluctance scene added in?

}}

Please to define 'reluctance'?

Not sure i quite understand what you mean there... sorry.

{{: 

A threesome between Megan, Sarah and Emily would be hot to see.

}}

I'm thinking you meant to say 'Erica' there, right ?

*109*2014-01-22 18:56

I'm sorry, but one of the key points in the story for us is that of free agency.

The characters are always acting in accordance with their own wishes and desires, even if that desire is primarily to please someone they care for... they choose their own destiny, even when that choice is to be submissive. and they are always free to walk away... We sincerely hope you will still continue reading and enjoying the story, though !

*110*2014-01-25 14:23

WARNING: EXTREME HEAT ADVISORY !

DO NOT READ THIS IN A PLACE WHERE AROUSAL MIGHT BE INAPPROPRIATE...

IT MAY CAUSE EMBARRASSMENT.

IF YOU STILL CHOOSE TO... DON"T SAY WE DIDN'T WARN YOU!

CHAPTER 12:

STILL "RAINING"…

"Oh, no, you don’t, little girl!" Sarah said firmly to Megan, catching hold of her arms before she could touch herself and pulling her up into a seated position. Then, as Sarah lay back on the bed, it quickly became obvious what it was she wanted to happen, without the need for any explanation.

Feeling as if her girly lips were about to become a cascading waterfall of steaming hot urine, Megan wasn’t sure this was the best idea; but she obliged without question like the good obedient girl that she had become. Besides, she was feeling so overwhelmingly desperate to finally be allowed to experience that blissful moment of orgasm, it was worth taking the risk; she would just have to hold her pee in, it was as simple as that. Trembling from the sheer exertion of doing just that, and also from the burst of adrenaline and excitement currently surging through her veins, she carefully turned around so that Sarah's face was behind her.

Bending forwards and resting on her hands, Megan slowly lifted herself up onto her knees so that she was now on all fours. With her pert and gorgeous bottom sticking out behind her, she shuddered as a little wave of pressure almost forced the wee right out of her at that very moment. Grinding her thighs together and arching her spine, she held it back with her final reserves of strength, groaning audibly as her muscles spasmed and pulsated against the surging pressure within. She was more desperate than she had ever been in her life, her whole body feeling as if it was about to explode, and in more ways than just one.

"Ohhhhhh, please touch me, I can't hold it in any more..." she breathed almost silently, but loud enough so she knew Sarah could hear.

With a broad grin, Sarah watched intently from behind as Megan's bum wriggled around just to her left, her sopping wet vagina suspended just below and between her shapely legs. Megan still had on her thin white panties, but they were pulled half way down her thighs, and were now restricting her movement a little. Without the fabric against her to soak up the fluids, Megan was now oozing freely and unabatedly. The nectar of her arousal was combining with droplets of urine, urine that had slipped past her exhausted muscles without her even knowing it, and was converging between her throbbing and trembling folds. With the liquid drooling from her, her lips glistened in the dim light of the bedside lamp, and Sarah could resist the call of Megan's heat no longer.

Reaching out and running her hand up the backs of Megan's silky smooth legs, Sarah could feel her fervently working the muscles in her thighs, doing a subtle little pee dance even now. Pushing her hand between them, forcing Megan's tightly clenched legs to part just a little, she reached higher and higher, until finally she felt Megan's slippery wetness against her fingers. At the same time, her other hand reached between her own legs, a pulse of unadulterated pleasure shooting up through her body as she began to stroke and tease herself.

As Megan felt Sarah begin to touch and caress what had become the centre of her whole universe, she responded instantly, moaning and shuddering as the moment she had fantasised about all day had finally come. Sarah's touch was frustratingly gentle and slow, but in that instant it felt like the most wonderful thing she had ever experienced. Getting down onto her elbows Megan pushed herself against those probing fingers, desperate to feel them inside her, desperate to have the unrelenting ache of arousal finally quenched.

Pressing against her dripping opening, Sarah's fingers slipped inside her lover as Megan pushed her body backwards, her lips yielding easily. Sliding her fingers up into the warm sanctum of Megan's vagina, Sarah began to massage and work her from the inside, but then withdrew suddenly, much to the protest of the beautiful squirmy woman beside her. Without any stimulation, Megan's bladder was about to empty all over whatever lay beneath her...

As Sarah suddenly gave her another playful slap on her bottom, Megan gasped in shock as a short sharp burst of pressurised pee squirted from her urethra, spraying from her lips in a clean stream before splashing onto the bed behind her, just inches from Sarah's head. Clamping it off as quickly as she was physically able, Megan blushed from embarrassment, a feeling she was becoming all too familiar with just lately.

As Megan felt her knickers being pulled back up her legs, she sighed in frustration and disappointment. Had she blown the chance? Was Sarah really prepared to punish her for that tiny loss of control? How could she be expected to hold it for so long, she was bound to start leaking at some point! Feeling dejected, she moved to get up, but heard Sarah whisper something that sent a renewed jolt of adrenaline through her system.

"Come to me," Sarah commanded as she began to pull her closer.

Oh lord, this was it … steeling herself and hesitating for a long moment, Megan felt her muscles begin to falter. One false move and she would wet herself fully, she just knew she wouldn't be able to stop it next time.

Slowly following orders, she lifted her right leg over Sarah and placed her knee on the other side of Sarah's head, positioning her body on top, and her panty covered privates just inches from Sarah's eager mouth. Her knickers had absorbed much of her wetness, and the material had become totally translucent, allowing Sarah to see clearly the outline of her lips and the bump of her engorged clitoris poking into the material. Reaching around and pulling them aside, Sarah exposed Megan's dripping oozing labia. With Megan straddling her face, she was in heaven, the glistening trembling vagina of her loved one, pulsating as her muscles fought desperately to hold in her wee, just inches from her wide gazing eyes.

Breathing in the heady fragrance of Megan’s excitement, Sarah watched as a bead of liquid arousal gathered between Megan’s lips once again, just half an inch from the end of her nose. Growing in volume as Megan oozed her love, Sarah held back for a few seconds more, taking in the complete perfection of her lover’s gorgeous pink pussy. She watched closely as Megan’s muscles battled against the tide of urine, held very tentatively just behind her little lips that quivered in unison with her trembling body.

Touch me, please… just touch me... or I'll wee all over you...

Megan yearned to feel the touch of her mistress, and moaned in frustration and desperation as her pee strained against her faltering muscles. Her bladder felt almost numb she was so full, and in such a vulnerable position, if Sarah didn’t touch her right now, she would be getting very wet indeed! She squirmed and shuddered, and at the peak of a wave of pressure, a few more droplets of fragrant wee leaked past her shattered muscles and out from her urethra. She couldn’t stop it, and her face burned brightly as she clenched every muscle in her body to try and stop the inevitable from happening.

Sarah watched as the droplet of liquid arousal she was fixated on suddenly expanded in size, before dripping quickly into her open and waiting mouth. It had left behind a silky smooth string of sticky love juice, one end still attached to Megan’s perfect lips, the other now connected to Sarah’s mouth. As more droplets of urine followed the first, they flowed down the liquid thread, landing neatly on the tip of Sarah’s tongue. Lapping up the girly juices, the sweet but salty flavour of Megan in heat slipped down her throat as she swallowed eagerly.

Extending her tongue at long last, it slipped easily up between Megan’s soft, warm, wet folds. Dexterously teasing her lips and separating them, she felt her way along the length of Megan’s silky smooth inner girlhood, before coming to settle around her still dribbling wee hole. After Sarah had caressed and massaged the urines only escape route, she pushed the end of her tongue up against it, forcing the tiny trickle still leaking from Megan to finally be clamped off.

In the instant that followed, another more forceful spurt took both girls completely by surprise. Megan arched her back and clenched as she struggled for control, but still released a rapid burst of urine before forcing her muscles to clamp it off again. Slurping up the liquid, several droplets of which had sprayed over her face and into her hair, Sarah moaned in utter delight. Quickly gliding her tongue over the bump of Megan’s proud firm clitoris, licking and swallowing her essence as she went, she felt her beautiful lover respond by pushing her privates down hard against her face, grinding herself against Sarah’s exploring tongue.

Thank goodness, she had been able to keep from losing control totally this time.

It would have been bad enough if that had happened to her at home; here, as a guest, it was absolutely out of the question! Megan could just picture the smile on Erica's face when the little housemaid came to make up the room and she would have to admit that she'd wet the bed just like a little girl who was still being toilet trained.

As humiliating as that prospect was, Megan found that the thought of it only added to her present arousal, oddly enough.

Being pulled back from the brink of a complete accident at the very last moment, Megan was suddenly finding holding a little easier now she was being worked in all the right places. Focusing on Sarah’s most intimate and womanly region, she lowered her head and buried it between her lover's legs, all the while squirming against Sarah’s face at the other end. Licking and caressing each other vigorously and expertly, both girls began to ride the intense waves of pleasure as they each neared a shared moment of pure unadulterated ecstasy. Megan, still desperately needing to release her wee, just had to hold on no matter what. Not having the best track record in that department, especially at the moment of orgasm, she was resolute that this time would be different. She couldn’t wet all over the bed, she just couldn’t…

Sucking and licking each other unrelentingly, it was just minutes before both girls were on the brink of coming, which was just as well considering Megan's bladder was about ready to burst. It ached in the most delightful of ways, and every tender caress of her womanhood felt as if it was propelling her towards a complete and total loss of control. With the feelings between her legs building to become one almighty mind blowing orgasm, and with tension escalating to fever pitch in both of their squirming bodies, Sarah could tell that Megan was ready to pop. Her juices of excitement were flowing from her like sweet flavoured water from a tap, and Sarah gulped them down eagerly.

Desperately wanting to orgasm simultaneously, Sarah slowed the pace of her tongue, just long enough for her own impending orgasm to catch up. Feeling Megan squirm harder against her face in response, it was only a moment later that Sarah felt herself teetering on that same blissful edge of ecstasy. Knowing Megan was ready and eager to push past the point of no return, they both relaxed into it and let the blissful pleasure wash over them.

With both girls beginning to spasm and climax into each other’s mouths, Megan shuddered and trembled as she fought valiantly for control of her bladder. Grinding her privates against Sarah's nimble tongue, she somehow managed to keep up the relentless licking of her lover’s pulsating clitoris at the same time. Suddenly feeling that she was extraordinarily wet, she knew without a doubt that something else was happening down there. OMG, she wasn't peeing, was she? The thought was fleeting, and at that moment she didn't even really care one way or the other, the intensity of her orgasm was the only thing she could concentrate on...

Spraying her juices, wetting Sarah like a tidal wave as her orgasm pounded through her body, it wasn’t pee that was flowing from her. As Megan's love juice sprayed into Sarah's mouth and all over her face and breasts, the shared orgasm thundered on for both of them. With the waves of pleasure shooting through their bodies, the moment seemed to go on forever, but eventually began to fade as the pulses weakened.

Just as her final contraction washed over her exhausted body, Megan’s arms finally collapsed beneath her as her orgasm was replaced by a feeling of total calm and contentment. Completely spent, but still utterly bursting to pee, her body and mind were now in conflict. Her stretched bladder was screaming in protest of having to hold such vast quantities of urine, but her mind simply didn't have the capacity to listen any more. Resting her cheek on Sarah’s thigh, watching as beads of perspiration and other fluids trickled down Sarah’s lips and dribbled onto the bed, Megan simply lay there panting for several long moments. Suddenly feeling overwhelmingly tired, the stresses of the day were combining with the effects of the unknown quantity of red wine she had consumed, and Megan’s eyes began to close as her overloaded mind switched off…

As Sarah's heart rate and breathing finally slowed, she felt Megan's body relaxing against hers, all tension gone now that she had reached that blissful orgasm. She began to stroke her lover's hair tenderly, brushing it back in order to whisper into her ear.

"OMG... that was wonderful, sweetie. Was it good for you, too?"

There was no reply, however. Only the sound of gradually deepening breathing came from Megan's lips, and Sarah realised with a little smile that she had fallen fast asleep.

It wasn't too surprising, really… the poor thing had had quite a trying day, being forced to hold so much for so long and so often. Sarah could still feel the warm wetness of Megan's juices on her belly, her breasts, and her face. She licked her lips, savouring the delightful taste of her. Then, since Megan was still on top of her, Sarah gently adjusted her knickers to cover her dignity, and rolled her over onto her side, pulling down her short sheer nightie at the same time.

Sarah wasn't feeling tired at all now; if anything, she felt energized after making love with Megan. She quietly got out of the bed and pulled the sheets and comforter over Megan, then tucked her beautiful lover in tightly. For a long while, she simply stood there, transfixed by the sleeping girl's beauty in repose.

<TO BE CONTINUED>

*115*2014-01-26 12:25

{{: 

I hate to just keep repeating myself at the end of each chapter, but that was just freaking amazing! Great job as always, Frosty and Orango, thanks for your fantastic work...

}}

Repeat away... we're happy you're enjoying the story and taking the time to leave a comment !

*120*2014-01-26 16:46

{{: 

If I may ask for a bit of clarification....

Did Megan fall asleep with her bladder still full?

}}

Tee hee... <giggling> ... yes, Fox... she did !

*123*2014-01-27 13:31

{{: 

She's not going to wet the bed in her sleep is she?

}}

You'll have to read the next chapter to find out.

{{: 

I am glad that I am alone, because I am umm obviously aroused. This was the hottest chapter of Hard Boiled Legs yet. I loved not only the sex, but the fact that Megan's bladder was at the bursting point. Anticipating an imminent uncontrolled burst of urine , is for me very exciting .Thank you Frosty and Orango for writing this erotic story.

Post 600

}}

Glad you liked it, and congrats on your 600th post !

