Jon's Secret

Author: fullbladder

*000*2014-09-20 16:45

Just wanted to thank everyone for their feedback for past stories. Even though I'm really bad at replying to comments, I really do appreciate the encouragement! It definitely helps me get creative a lot more often and write more :)

Jessie had just the right amount of crazy in her to make her boyfriend Jon a very happy and lucky man. Her antics were probably a bit much for most guys, but for Jon, it resulted in a ton of fun. They had sex in nearly every position included in the Kama Sutra, made out heavily in public, even experimented with S&M. However, there was one thing that Jon had not been able to reveal to his girlfriend of 3 years due to embarrassment.

The problem with dating a crazy chick was that there were predictable consequences when things hit a rough patch. Jessie had been brought up in a very uptight religious environment which had certainly scarred her in certain ways. Being as sexually active as possible outside of wedlock was just her way of coping with her controlled past. However, there were certain things she demanded out of Jon. She forbade him from masturbating or watching pornography, saying that his sexual energy should be reserved for her. In all fairness, she was almost always willing to please him unless they happened to have an argument.

Jon had learned quite quickly just how serious she was about this rule when they first moved in together. He had taken the opportunity to rub one out while she was out shopping and she had smelled his ejaculate the moment she had undone his pants that night. She had withheld sex for a week as punishment, but Jon had caved again in the shower on the sixth day. When they finally got down to business again, Jessie had insisted to start things off with a blowjob so she could determine if he had cheated based on his load size. After deeming the amount she had swallowed to be insufficient, Jon was forced to struggle through another week without sexual release. The next time, Jessie was pleased to swallow several gulps of his cum.

Jon had a pee fetish. He loved everything about women peeing- desperation, relief, wetting, golden showers. Jessie had always urged him to be upfront with his desires, but he considered this secret to be too crude and dirty to reveal to anyone else. He had imagined his hot brunette girlfriend peeing on him many times, but she was actually quite reserved about toilet-related matters. She always closed the door when she peed and had even asked him to do the same when he had tried leaving it ajar to test the waters. He had never seen her desperate for the toilet, always taking caution to pee whenever possible and limiting fluid intake away from home. Jon just knew that this wasn't something he should share with her.

Jon satisfied his interests by viewing online pee content secretly while Jessie was away. The temptation to masturbate was always almost too strong but he made sure to resist it and wait for her to come home and satisfy him. He made sure to clear his internet history well before she arrived home.

One weekend, while Jessie was away shopping with her friends, Jon was up to his usual sinful activity. He had been watching omorashi films for a full hour with a raging hard-on, wishing he could orgasm to his favorite content just once for old time's sake. Jessie had just texted that she would be heading back home in twenty minutes. Suddenly, the power went out and the desktop computer screen went black. In horror, Jon came to realization at what had just happened. Jessie was on her way home and the computer had just shut down with his full surfing history intact! Frantically, he pushed the power button, knowing it was a lost cause. He called the power company to report the outage, hoping for a quick fix, but they said it would be at least an hour if not longer. Jon cleaned up as much as possible and prepared himself to act natural when Jessie got home. He knew that she was always horny when she got home from shopping, which usually worked well with his porn viewing habits.

True to form, she dropped her bags at the door and started a hot strip dance for her man as she walked in. In no time, they were in bed together embraced in a cuddle after thirty minutes of amazing sex. Jon was fighting the urge to fall asleep as Jessie got up to pee. The last thing he wanted was to have the power come on and Jessie getting to the computer before he did. Upon exiting the washroom, she offered to make them a salad for dinner since there were not many other options with the power outage.

Unfortunately for Jon, the power come back on a few minutes later while she was in the kitchen (which faced the living room with the computer) and he still in bed. He rushed out to get to the computer, but the damage was done. The screen had lit up to reveal a photo of a topless woman peeing on a man through her panties. Motionless and in shock, Jessie looked at the monitor. She frowned visibly and approached the computer, flicking through tabs of Jon's pee fetish material, unable to believe her eyes. After two minutes, she finally looked up to face her boyfriend in a mixture of anger, disappointment, and confusion.

Jon didn't know what to say- the relationship was surely over. He stood frozen on the spot burning red with humiliation over what she had discovered. Jessie finally spoke. "No sex for two weeks."

Jon tried to stammer an apology or explanation; he really didn't know which; but Jessie was having none of it. She just wordlessly set his bowl of salad on the table and they sat dinner in cold silence.

Two days later, Jon was already horny beyond grief. He really didn't know how he was going to last a whole two weeks without sex of any kind. The good news was that Jessie had seemed to have returned to normal. Other than the absence of sex, they were talking again. However, neither of them had brought up the topic of what had been on the computer. That morning, Jon woke up to the sight of naked Jessie lying awake next to him. His morning wood instantly got harder as she went to the washroom to pee audibly with the door open. She was torturing him!

The experience excited poor Jon the entire workday. It had been such a thrill to hear her morning pee!

That evening, Jessie brought home a bottle of white wine to enjoy with dinner. They had two glasses each and were cuddling on the sofa when she announced that she needed to pee. She got up and started to walk away before turning back and inviting him to watch her. Jon was instantly rock hard and hurriedly followed her. She lowered her lounge pants and panties to pee a solid stream into the toilet. Jon instinctively reached to touch her wetting pussy, but she quickly pushed his had away, reminding him that he wasn't allowed to touch her for another ten days. She wiped and finished, "accidentally" brushing her boyfriend's erect manhood as she got up.

"I guess you can pee now," she giggled as she left the washroom. Jon grabbed his penis and helplessly waited for his erection to subside so he could add to her waters in the toilet. He finally rejoined her on the couch ten minutes later.

The next day was even more torturous. Jessie shared her morning pee fully this time, standing naked in the shower with spread legs as Jon watched. He ended up being late for work, unable to contain his massive boner. The need to cum was getting unbearable for him, especially with his girlfriend's progressively crueler punishments. Focusing at work was almost impossible, as visions of Jessie peeing dominated his thoughts. Furthermore, having blue balls all the time was a painful experience.

That evening, he arrived home to discover Jessie had taken half the workday off. Four empty cans of beer were set on the dining table. In the kitchen, Jessie was wearing an apron with skin tight jeans underneath, revealing her perfect ass. She was doing an epic pee dance as she prepared a delicious home-cooked dinner. Jon could immediately see that she was hopelessly desperate for the toilet.

She invited him to help her cook and Jon got a first-hand look at her drunk crotch grabbing, as she struggled not to wet herself. She giggled constantly as she gave her on-looking partner seductive glances, knowing the sight was driving him absolutely mad. She felt quite horny herself. Having a full bladder was actually quite the pleasurable sensation.

Jessie felt herself squirt. She just managed to regain control long enough to turn around to reveal her backside to Jon. He saw the wet spot on her ass and almost came in his pants. Jessie sighed with relief as she flooded her jeans, instantly forming a growing puddle on the kitchen floor.

"Grab my ass!" she blurted as the relief of finally letting go swept over her. She was too drunk and horny to keep her promise of a sexless two weeks any longer. Feeling his hand gripping her wet ass almost made her climax right there. She desperately undid her jeans as she finished peeing, turning around to let him touch her through her soaked panties.

"Why didn't you tell me you wanted this?" She gasped, as powerful sexual excitement built up inside her. "You know I love you! You know I'd satisfy all your desires! You should have told me!"

The orgasm overcame her and she lowered to her knees in sharp gasps and loud shrieks. Sitting in a massive wet puddle, she undid Jon's pants and guided his erect manhood into her mouth. She felt him tremble from the familiar sensation of her lips enveloping his most sensitive region. In a few minutes, her mouth was filled with his cum, which served as a happy prequel to dinner.

That night, Jessie fit a new mattress protector on their bed and had plenty of wine to drink before bed so she could wake up her man with a golden shower the next day.

*003*2014-11-15 19:10

Jessie had ended up feeling sorry for the punishment she had imposed on her boyfriend, Jon. Targeting his sexual kink was surely a doubly punitive treatment compared to her usual. Since then, she had made a special effort to please him as much as possible. This had meant tons of wet fun, including desperation, wetting, golden showers. She had even requested him to pee on her in their morning showers together and it had been quite the enjoyable experience.

However, things had gotten really busy at work and the pee fun had been put on hold for several weeks. She had still made every effort to ensure he was sexually satisfied with regular oral sex. Luckily for both of them, the massive project she was working on was ending on their fourth anniversary, a Friday. She had requested two days off in the coming week just so she could redirect her time and effort to her man for a while, as well as recharge her batteries.

Jessie had a special plan for tonight. She wanted to arrive home with a bursting bladder and let Jon request anything he wanted from her. He had been especially considerate about her bind, doing nearly all the chores at home including cooking dinner and doing laundry.

The project was all wrapped up and sent to the client by 3:30, which gave Jessie a good opportunity to start filling up while working through a backlog of trivial tasks. She gulped down her half-full water bottle and got up to refill it from the kitchen. She felt a slight need to pee due to the morning coffee and decided to visit the ladies to give her bladder a fresh start. She couldn't help but rub her clitoris lightly as she peed- her panties were already wet in anticipation of what was coming soon.

Twenty minutes later, Jessie's water bottle was empty again and she got up to refill it. Marie, in the next cubicle, noticed the movement and rushed after her with a knowing smile. She was Jessie's best friend and they frequently shared their sex lives with each other.

"Pee fun tonight, Jess?" Marie whispered at the water cooler with a giant grin. Jessie giggled and nodded, doing a mock desperation dance with her legs pressed together.

Marie giggled back. "You know you're really lucky, right? I wish my husband was into kinky stuff. I would love to try some new things with him."

Jessie tilted the filled bottle back to sip some more water. "Well, maybe you should just tell him about some of your interests. He might be willing to play along!"

They both laughed their way back to the cubicles. A minute later, Marie got up to refill her own water bottle. It was not a real surprise to Jessie- she had sensed a high level of intrigue from her every time the topic of water sports came up. Jessie let her imagine wander for a minute about what Marie would be doing that night.

By the time 5 pm rolled around, Jessie had downed her water bottle four times. She already felt a significant urge to pee and felt bloated from a stomach still filled with water. She knew that she would be ready to unleash a big flood after a twenty minute commute home. She eagerly waved goodbye to Marie and left for the weekend.

A growing sexual excitement engulfed Jessie as she walked a few minutes to the subway station. Her bladder was really filling up nicely. In five more minutes, she would start to cross her legs and wriggle on the spot. She had become quite familiar with the sequence of events to a full bladder and wetting, with so many experiences. The growing intensity and involuntary signals drove Jon nuts every time. She always played up the entire ordeal with moans and crotch holding just to watch the bulge in his pants grow.

She smiled to herself as she stepped onto the subway after a two-minute wait on the platform. It was packed, as expected on a Friday evening. All the people around her had no clue what was going on inside her. It was truly her secret.

At the next stop, a group of high school wrestlers got on after practice. The sweat and testosterone surrounded her, making her even more wet. She winced as one of the boys brushed her abdomen area as he made his way down the tight subway compartment. She noticed him sneak a peek at her breasts as he mumbled an apology. How great it was to still get attention from handsome young men even with her being at least ten years older! She crossed her legs, enjoying the strong warning signals her bladder was sending to her brain. What if she just let go here? What would the horny teenage boys around her think? Would they feel disgusted by her or be turned on? Maybe they would feel sorry for her, having an accident in such a public place. She lightly rubbed her legs together, turned on by the thought.

Another stop and the subway compartment was even more packed as a young mother led her four-year old daughter in. Only two more stops now followed by a five minute walk home. Jon had no clue that she was starting the anniversary fun the moment she stepped in through the door. She wondered if he had made plans for them as well. Maybe a nice dinner and wine was waiting. Perhaps he was already in bed anticipating her, as he had done on their first anniversary. Either way, the flood building up inside her would surely add to the fun. She shifted her legs again in excitement. The handsome red-haired boy next to her noticed the gesture and looked down at her slim stocking-clad legs. Her bladder was filling up rapidly now- she could see her tummy bulging under her tight white blouse.

Suddenly, the subway lurched to an abrupt halt. Everyone in the compartment groaned, being eager to get home or to good times on a Friday. Jessie gasped silently. She had never anticipated a transportation failure in her naughty plans! If this delay was anything longer than five minutes, she might be in serious danger of not making it home in time! Her bladder's fullness seemed to multiply immediately. She really needed to pee soon. If she was not able to get to a toilet, she would wet her skirt. Plain and simple, that was the situation. She had drunk way too much water to contain inside her body for any significant length of time.

Panicking, she scanned the area. The compartment was packed. If she wet herself, there would be no hiding her accident. Even worse, her pee would wet the shoes of all the people standing and sitting around her! She would die of humiliation. She lightly danced on the spot as a long ten minutes ticked by with no sign of movement from the train. The PA system buzzed and informed everyone that the delay was due to an animal on the tracks which had now been removed and things would get moving as soon as a safety check was completed.

The hope of the subway moving soon seemed to add to Jessie's desperation. She removed her shoes and squatted down to sit on her heel as she waited. She saw several of the ladies look at her knowingly. Fortunately, the men seemed oblivious to what she was doing and seemed focused on waiting for the train to move again. The pressure against her womanhood helped a bit but not too much. She bobbed up and down in panic and desperation. She needed to pee SO badly! What had ever made her think that making herself desperate outside of the safety of her own home was a good idea? She had been stupid and now she was paying the ultimate price. She was literally minutes away from disgracing herself in front of half the town!

She felt a tug on her left arm. It was the little girl who had escaped the attention of her mother and wandered over to her. "Excuse me, miss- do you need to go potty?" Jessie's face flushed red with embarrassment as laughter erupted around her. The girl's mother heard the question and rushed to guide the child away. She apologized to Jessie, which only served to heighten her embarrassment. Jessie could feel all the eyes on her now, including the wrestlers who also took advantage of her kneeling position to glance down her blouse. Jessie ignored them as she drew sharp breaths. Only one thing mattered now- she had to hold her pee in somehow.

A few more minutes of stillness passed and Jessie was on the verge of squirting into her panties. She felt her pee surge to the limits of her urethra several times as she somehow contained the liquid inside her through sheer will alone. Suddenly, the train lurched ahead and she fell forward from her unstable kneeling position, just managing to prevent smashing her head on the floor with her hand. The unanticipated movement caused her to lose control briefly and squirt into her briefs. Grabbing her crotch, she just managed to regain control as the subway continued on. Once again, giggles surrounded her as she tried to get back to her feet. She wondered if the leak was visible on her skirt or down her stockings. She dared not check.

Jessie grabbed her crotch, dancing on the spot as the train reached the next stop. Just one more stop to go now. She had half a mind to get off there and find an alley or bush somewhere, but the wrestlers happened to get off first, shooting some long lustful looks at her. She was in no mood to be watched by them any longer as she suffered through an epic struggle against her own bladder. She just needed to hold on a bit longer.

She leaked again as the train moved. She could feel the warm liquid running down her legs and knew there were now wet streaks running down her stockings. A teen-aged girl seated behind her laughed and pointed Jessie out to her friend. It confirmed that her tight grey skirt was now revealing the wetness to the world. Tears ran down her cheeks from the humiliation and pain of containing her urine. Another squirt escaped her. There was laughter again as her skirt darkened. Finally, the train stopped. Everyone moved aside to make way for the poor lady helplessly wetting herself. Unfortunately, a ticket-checker blocked the way out and stopped Jessie in her tracks.

It was too much. Jessie finally lost control and soaked her skirt on the spot. The subway employee noticed what was happening and stepped back to let her out, apologizing profusely. It didn't matter anymore. Jessie stood frozen in place as her warm waters poured out through her clothes, producing a huge pee puddle flowing to the feet of at least twenty people in the compartment. The shocked silence was quickly replaced by loud laughter and excited chatter as commuters snapped pictures of the incredible accident. Crying, Jessie ran out of the train and off the platform. Fortunately, she found an alley quickly before encountering anyone on the street. She called Jon and explained to him what happened. He was quite understanding and came to pick her up so she wouldn't have to walk home in wet clothes. To Jessie's surprise, he proposed to her in the alley. She accepted immediately- it was a perfect anniversary, peed skirt and all.

