Learning to like it

Author: JohnHart987

*000*2014-03-17 20:25

This is fiction, but based on a couple experiences that help get me started.

Bud was a student at West High, a blond kid almost six feet tall and in good shape, he played on the soccer team. It's a late May morning and as he gets dressed he glad to see his tan is coming back - that was one advantage to running around in shorts and no shirt during practice. He pulls on his frosted Levis and has to suck in his stomach a little to zip up, he's grown a little since last fall and it's hard to close the fly over his morning erection. Tugging his t-shirt down to hide the bulge, he grabs his books and runs for the bus.

As he stands on the corner his erection fades and his bladder reminds him he should have taken time to pee. The half hour bus ride seems to last forever, and at school he barely makes it to the bathroom in time, helplessly leaking a little in his underwear as he unzips. His relief at finally letting it go is unbelievable, feeling a little like the afterglow of a wet dream, and he thinks: "God, I almost wet my pants, like on the sliding hill in seventh grade...at least nobody noticed; we were all so wet from the snow."

He finishes peeing, but it feels funny, like he's not quite done. A few shakes get no response, so he zips up, relieved that his Levis aren't wet like his jockeys. As he starts out he feels a twinge in his cock, and as he tries to ease it in his jeans he feels a warm dampness in his groin. He rushes back to a stall, afraid he's going to wet his pants, but nothing else comes out as he sits after dropping his pants. His Levis are damp around the fly, but the frosted denim doesn't look wet. He dries the cloth with wads of toilet paper, and after stuffing more in his jockeys just in case, he zips up again and experimentally walks around, watching in the mirror. Nothing else happens, and his shirt covers the barely noticeable dampness, so he heads for class, thinking: "Wow, that was close, I hope nobody notices...they still tease Billy about wetting his pants on the school bus...I wonder if other guys pee their pants sometimes, and I don't notice?"

During first period he's very conscious of his damp crotch, it itches a little and he keeps getting erections. He starts thinking about the times he's peed his pants; the time on the sliding hill when he was having so much fun he didn't want to go home to pee. A bump had made him wet a little, at first he was embarrassed, and then realized they were all so wet from the snow that nobody could tell, and every time he went down the hill he peed a little more till his bladder was empty, the warm piss even felt kinda good!

Several times while swimming he peed in his suit, once he did it while sitting on the dock before he dived in. On the Apple River he wet his cutoffs in the tube several times, the first before he was completely wet from the river, and had to 'accidentally' fall out to rinse off. A couple times when he took a piss wearing his soccer uniform a few drops soaked through his jock and wet his shorts. Most of the other guys had the same problem, and it always reminded him of what his underwear looked like after a wet dream. Several soccer games had started with him trying to hide a bulging erection.

By lunch time he's almost dry, and after eating he goes into a stall in the bathroom to pee and remove the tissues. He uses some toilet paper to try and wash his groin to stop the itching. His jockeys have an obvious yellow stain, and he's glad today’s not a gym day or somebody would be sure to notice. The rest of the day goes quickly, as he gets off the bus at home he feels a mild urge to pee, and he hurries to the bathroom, grabbing his soccer uniform to change into. As he closes the door he suddenly wonders how much more he could have peed before it showed on his jeans. Figuring he hasn't anything to lose, he decides to find out. He stands in front of the mirror, and feeling strangely excited, he tries to pee a little. At first it won't come out, and then a long spurt flows, giving him a warm pleasant feeling in his crotch.

A few moments later nothing is showing, so he pees a little more, the warm wetness soaking to his balls, and still no wetness showing. A minute later and he lets another long stream flow, so much that he feels it trickle down his legs as he reflexively squeezes his knees together and grabs his crotch with his hands. This results in an almost sexual tingle, he relaxes and pees some more, enjoying the pleasant warm sensation as the wetness spreads around his groin and down his legs. He can feel the wet Levis with his hands, but the frosted denim is just the right color so it doesn't show.

He thinks: "I was worried for nothing; it doesn't show...I could have just relaxed and enjoyed it!" There's nobody else home, so he walks around a little, enjoying the slightly wicked feeling of his wet pants on his cock. A few moments later he comes down off the high, and sheepishly wonders what to do about his wet pants so his mom won't find out. Then he realizes he'll be late for practice, he quickly undresses, rinses off with the hand shower, and puts on his soccer uniform. He rolls up the wet clothes and hides them in the bottom of his dirty clothes basket, grabs a can of pop and his bike, and heads for practice.

That night he hangs the wet clothes on his desk chair to dry in front of the window. In the morning he notices a faint smell of piss, but otherwise you couldn't tell he'd wet them, so he throws them in the laundry pile. The underwear is too obvious, so he hides them in a bottom drawer. He gets dressed in an old pair of Levis, stops by the bathroom for an insurance pee, and heads for the bus, pulling his shirt down over his bulging fly. The last couple drops in his underwear reminded him of yesterday’s experience, resulting in another erection. The day is fairly normal, except every time he pees he puts his cock away without shaking the last drops off, enjoying the feeling of damp underwear. He also starts checking for other wet fly’s, not having much success, but finding several nice bulges. He's the second guy on the bus, and as he watches the other kids get on, he sees a seventh grader holding his books over his crotch as he walks toward the bus.

Figuring he'll see an erection, he looks close as the kid walks past, and is amazed to see a large wet spot around the kids fly. Twenty-five minutes later the kid gets off three blocks before he does, the kid has to wait for the bus to leave to cross the road, and as he stands there with his legs squeezed together, Bud sees a growing wetness on his thighs. He was standing there wetting his pants! The bus pulls away, and knowing nobody will be there he decides to pee his pants again. He lets a quick spurt go, enjoying the familiar warm wetness, glancing down to see if it shows.

So far nothing, so he lets some more go, hurriedly stopping as he feels the wetness on his balls. This time it was too much, and he sees a big wet circle around his fly, and as he opens the door he sees it spread down his thighs. Washing up, he again hides his wet jeans till after practice. In the morning he's shocked to find a yellowish stain on his Levis where he'd wet them, obviously pee. He hides them with yesterday’s shorts, and heads for school, trying to decide what to do, and hoping nobody finds out.

The rest of the week he cools it, a little embarrassed and a little afraid somebody will find out. The jeans are still hidden in his drawer, Friday night he takes them out, thinking maybe he could sneak them in the wash, but they smell too much and the yellow stain is really obvious, so he hides them again. In the shower in the morning he gets the idea to wear his smelly jeans while he showered next time, they'd dry overnight, and he could piss them again in the shower before he turned the water on. Saturday evening he and some friends go to a movie and stop for pizza after. He decides to build up a load of piss for the shower, and doesn't pee when they do. It works almost too well, as they walk home he feels like the other morning at school, barely able to keep from wetting his pants. The last block from Tom's house to his, he almost runs, putting his hand in his pocket and squeezing his cock to help hold it in.

At home he has to tell his mom about the movie, fortunately she can't see his jeans over the kitchen counter. He's desperately squeezing his legs together, and almost crushing his cock with one hand, trying to keep his pants dry. Finally he says goodnight, but it's too late, as he walks upstairs he feels his hand get wet. There's no sensation of peeing, just the warm wetness spreading in his groin. He grabs his sweats and runs for the bathroom, kicks off his shoes, and helplessly stands in the shower as the piss flows, soaking his jeans with warm wetness, flowing down his legs into his socks and puddling in the shower.

Again he feels the wonderful sense of relief as his bladder empties. After taking off his shirt he turns on the shower, the warm water running down his chest into his jeans feels just like he was peeing some more. He takes off the jeans and wrings them out. He carefully rinses off, and feeling very daring he lets loose a spurt of piss on the wall, then pushing it all down the drain with the hand shower. In his room he hangs the wet clothes up to dry on his desk chair, and crawls into bed thinking he'll have to wash his other clothes tomorrow...if he can ever stop wetting his other pants long enough!

Sunday afternoon his parents tell him they're going to a movie and then dinner. They give him some money for a pizza, and leave, saying they'll be back around eight. A little later he's wondering what to do about his jeans, and realizes he could wash and dry them before anybody got home. Figuring he shouldn't waste an opportunity, he puts on another pair of his school jeans, the tight fitting black ones, and lets loose. The spreading warmth feels as good as always, and he wears the wet Levis as he carries his other clothes down to the washer. Throwing them in, he strips off his wet pants and starts the washer. He hooked.

