Master and Servant - Page 6

Author: Sunny

*125*2015-08-30 04:13

Chapter 11: Stubbornness (Draco)

“You did WHAT to me?” Hermione asked in a demanding tone, eyes narrowed. Oh, she looked marvelously livid and Draco had to smirk. No other girl manage to look so very ticked off wearing only her shirt and pair of panties spelled to replicate training pants.

“What did you really expect?” he asked, crossing his arms.

“To be treated with some...some shred of dignity at least!”

Draco scoffed, shaking his head.

“You? Dignity? You stood openly at your desk in potions, spread your legs, and had a pee,” Draco stated in a matter of fact tone, making Hermione blush scarlet. Still, she continued to glare angrily at him and in turn crossed her arms as well.

“Your hold was impossible! No one could do it!” she said “You set me up!”

“And you were foolish enough to try,” Draco grinned, “You could have used your safeword and gotten up to use the toilet.”

Hermione looked like she'd been delivered a blow.

“I...”

“But you didn't want to, did you? You wanted to hold it until you burst. I watched you all day, filling yourself until you couldn't hold it anymore. You didn't care where you were or if you broke your rules. That's why you started wetting yourself in potions.”

“Shut up! That's not...”

“Did you just tell me to shut up?” Draco asked, voice turning rather cold, and far too calm. She snapped her jaw shut and swallowed.

“You broke your word to me on Halloween, ignored me, broke your rules today, AND this is how you treat me when I try to help you?”

“This isn't helping me!” she pressed, stirring herself up to look irritated again, “I can hold it just fine! I know when I need to go, alright? You...you know I like to wet myself! I choose to, its not because I can't wait to get to a toilet.”

“So you don't want to wear the training panties, is that it?” Draco asked, raising an eyebrow.

“No, I don't,” she said firmly, stubbornness in her tone.

“Fine,” he said, “Take them off.”

It was clear by the look on her face that she was surprised he gave in so easily. She almost looked a little distrusting, but it passed. She pulled off the training panties and gave them back to Draco, who folded them up and put them back in his bag. Then, he spelled her old panties and other wet things clean and dry before giving them back to her. Hermione thanked him softly and got dressed.

“So,” Draco smiled, “I noticed you came up with a new holding technique today.”

Hermione blushed and looked over at him while she tucked her shirt into her skirt.

“Erm, well...it felt good...and I could focus on feeling uh...”

“Horny?”

“Aroused,” she corrected, pink in the face as she fixed her messy hair, “instead of having to wee.”

“Except there's a flaw in that, I noticed,” Draco pointed out, making Hermione blush a little more.

“Yeah, a bit...I really hadn't meant to leak during potions theory,” she sighed, “it just...felt too good.”

“Well, now you know,” he said with a shrug, moving to pick up his things, “Oh, Hermione?”

“Yes?”

“You're done for today,” he said, “and if you change your mind about the training panties, come and talk to me tomorrow after breakfast.”

“Sure,” she said “But I really would rather not wear them...”

Draco nodded and headed out of the broom cupboard, leaving her behind. No need for anyone at school to see them walking to Herbology together. Besides, Hermione seemed to have been completely distracted by the training panties to really take in the potion itself. He couldn't let her catch on before reality hit. He headed out the front door to the greenhouses with a bit of a spring in his step. He'd been planing on being nice and giving her some protection, but no. Hermione wanted her dignity. Well, they'd see if she had any of that left by tomorrow morning!

He set up his station in class with the other members of his house. He didn't particularly care for this subject, but he appreciated it none the less. As the rest of the class filled in, Hermione included, Professor Sprout went over the proper technique for harvesting jumping beans. He rolled his eyes behind her back. This was going to be aggressively annoying. Jumping beans, if the name hadn't been an indication, jump. And apparently they did not like to be harvested. This was just going to be an entire lesson where he and all his classmates would be chasing beans around a greenhouse for an hour. They each had to collect ten and she bid them good luck.

Grumbling under his breath about educators who don't actually EDUCATE, Draco pulled his gloves on and headed to the nearest bean. He did give it his best shot, but the bean shot right out of his hand. He wasn't alone, and as predicted, the whole class was running around chasing beans. Well, everyone with the exception of Hermione Granger.

Its not that she didn't need to run, either, Draco grinned as he watched her beans scatter all over as well. Oh no, she was dancing around just as much as those beans were. From the looks of things, filling up with water and then taking a potion to have her bladder imitate that of a toddler was making bean collecting a touch difficult. Ah, but bless her heart, she was still trying. Every time she'd get close to a bean, it would jump off and bounce away. She'd bend over a little to try and pick it up, but snap back immediately with her hands between her legs. It didn't look like she was giving herself much pleasure with it this time, either.

Draco glanced around, making sure the rest of the class was occupied with running around after their own beans before sauntering over to Hermione.

“Need a hand?” he asked, since she did have one pressed permanently into her crotch as she shifted her weight around.

“Ah, Draco, I...” she said, looking at him helplessly, “I... I have to pee...I have to do it right now!”

“You just went fifteen minutes ago,” he said chidingly.

“But I drank too much water,” she groaned, her second hand joining the first as she bent her knees.

“And who's fault is that?”

“.....Mine...” she admitted softly, thighs pressing hard together.

“And, there's one other thing,” he mused, “your bladder is a little harder to control now, Miss Toddler.”

Hermione suddenly gasped, but Draco would never know if it was because she'd remembered the potion that had initially upset her so much, or if it was because urine was streaming steadily down her crossed legs. He watched with mirth as she quietly struggled, bouncing and dancing to stop the flow, even shoving the folds of her skirt between her legs to absorb the liquid. Regardless, her urine pattered to the greenhouse floor, quickly creating a pool in the pressed soil. Eventually she gave up and squatted down, trying to hide behind some potted ferns as she emptied her bladder. Luckily for her, no one besides Draco saw the little performance and Hermione shakily stood up when she was finished.

“I...I didn't mean to do that...” she said in a low whisper, looking truly upset, “I just...it just started coming...”

“I told you didn't I?” Draco said as he graciously cleaned her up with a wave of his wand, “you've got a toddler's bladder now. A baby can't hold all what you drank today.”

It seemed to truly dawn on her what he meant and she nibbled her lip nervously. He could almost see the wheels turning in her head, trying perhaps to remember how she fared in her potty training as a very little girl. As she thought, she looked around at her classmates, and the nervousness in her expression grew.

“I...won't be able to hold it...I'll have to go as soon as I feel like I need to,” she said lowly, “but...that means during classes, if I have to go...” Hermione looked back down at the floor where her puddle once was and turned brilliantly red. She was lucky they had been in Herbology. If they had been in another class, everyone would have noticed her peeing for sure.

“Very sharp, Hermione,” he smiled, “looks like its time you started paying close attention to your body, eh?”

Draco chuckled as she scowled at him, a pout hidden in the displeasured expression. Hermione got frustrated and moved away from him, easily able to run about after her beans without a full bladder. Draco moved to do the same, after all he wasn't about to let his grades suffer. His father was furious that they were lower than Hermione's anyway, even more so considering her background. Personally, Draco was starting question why that even mattered at all. He was second in his year and he worked hard enough. Banishing the thoughts from his mind, for he very much preferred not to think of his father and school at the same time, Draco collected his beans to hand in and left Herbology with high marks.

Chapter: 12 Caught

I can not believe this....! Hermione thought, sitting at the Gryffindor table for dinner, legs crossed desperately underneath it. Draco was right about that potion, it really had returned her bladder back to the way it was when she was a little girl. Hermione blushed faintly at the thought as she gripped herself tightly through her skirt. How could Draco have known that she'd had a weak bladder until she'd come to Hogwarts? Back before the troll attacked her in the toilet, she never was able to hold her urine comfortably for more than a half hour at a time. Needing a wee in the middle of class was literally her worse fear back then, and there had been a couple of times where she'd barely made it afterwords. Still, the fear of public toilets she'd developed after that encounter had helped her to develop a stronger ability to hold, and also led to her discovery of liking doing so.

Still, being forced to sit at her dining table, surrounded by her housemates, and moments away from wetting her knickers was not appealing in the slightest. She nibbled her lip nervously, her bladder contracting. It wasn't painful, but it was ever increasing and she knew with a severely weakened bladder, she wouldn't be able to hold it much longer. If I get up, it'll start coming out...She thought, swallowing hard as she tightened her legs together, sitting forward a little. She managed to hold on for a few more minutes before a desperate pulse forced a squirt of pee into her panties.

She whimpered quietly, threading her lip between her teeth. She slipped her fingers under her skirt and squeezed herself, but only succeeded in getting her hand all wet when the next spurt came. And the next. She shook, unable to fully stop the last one that came. A restricted trickle flowed slowly through her fingers, wetting her bottom and thighs. She gulped, knowing there was nothing left she could do. Trembling as the trickle suddenly went full force, she yanked the crotch of her panties to the side and pissed on the floor under the cover of the wooden long table. It felt amazing, at first, but then Harry came and sat down next to her.

“Hey,” he greeted, sounding slightly irritated, but that was because Ron was sitting across the way with Dean Thomas and Seamus Finnigan, not them.

“Hi Harry,” Hermione managed to return weakly. She was still peeing, certain that the only reason Harry couldn't hear the hissing pour or splashing puddle was because the Great Hall was filled with chatter. She cleared her throat, subtly moving her fingers out of her underwear while he glared back over where Ron sat. The cloth moved back into place, pleasurably soaking warm as she continued to piss next to her best friend.

“You alright, Hermione?” he asked, making her blush.

“Yeah, I just...Today's been long is all,” she said, feigning an apologetic, tired look. He nodded, shrugging as he pulled a plate of chicken toward him. Hermione relaxed a little bit, feeling her wee come to an end, then stop.

“Ugh! Who spilled their drink!?” An older student on the other side of the bench demanded to know, “Its all warm and just got into my sneakers!”

Hermione's face burned with humiliation as Harry glanced up the table for a tipped glass. She needed to get out of there before they put together that it wasn't pumpkin juice that Hermione spilled to the floor. She waited a little bit, long enough for everyone to deny spilling their drinks, before looking over at Harry.

“Sorry, but I think I'm going to turn in for the night,” she told him, yawning.

“Sure, see you,” he said with a nod, taking his own drink in hand as she got up quickly from the table.

She left the Great Hall quickly and ducked into the girl's bathroom to dry her skirt and panties. She hadn't done much damage. Still, having such a weak bladder made her nervous. Ordinarily, she knew her limits and could work with that to bring her to a pleasured state. With this, she was never sure when the urge would strike, never sure how long she had to enjoy the desperation. And never sure when or where her bladder would decide to void itself. Herbology had been lucky, there had been an active assignment and somewhere to hide her accident. The second time she'd needed the loo, she went right away and was able to make it. But that one victory made her overconfident, and so with a filling bladder she went down to dinner. Obviously, that had been a mistake.

Maybe I do need the training panties...she thought, worried about how she was going to take her classes tomorrow as she headed up to the tower. She greeted her dorm mates as she headed to the shower. There was only so much a cleaning charm would do, after all. She changed into a pair of pale pink panties and a cream colored pair of pajama bottoms with a matching tank top. She dried her hair and braided it up so as not to be strangled in the night by her long curly hair before heading back to her four poster bed. She drew the curtains and paused to pick out a pick to read before falling asleep. Remarkably, she was starting to feel thirsty again and her eyes came to rest on the water pitcher on her bedside table. Oh....I really shouldn't....She thought, ignoring it entirely.

She settled into her pillows and started reading. The longer she read, the thirstier she got. She tried so hard to ignore it, but her throat felt like a desert, her tongue like sandpaper. She hadn't had anything to drink since she'd burst at the end of potions class. It had been hours and she was so, so thirsty. I can't take it...! I guess its fine if I wait long enough and go pee before I go to bed... With that thought, she set the book aside and poured herself a glass of cool water. It felt so soothing on her parched throat. She ended up draining three glasses before she was sated. She climbed back into bed and opened her book, returning to where she'd left off. There, its fine, she said to convince herself, I'll just read until I feel like I need to go, I'll make it, and then go to sleep...

It was a good plan, Hermione was convinced. She read on, getting caught up in her story until the other girls were long in bed, a floating ball of light illuminating her drawn curtains so she could continue. She was reading The Tales of Beedle the Bard and was utterly fascinated by Wizarding fairy tales. She liked the stories so much she got completely lost in them until her eyes started to droop. The words seemed to drift off the page, the book falling from her hand as her head fell back against her pillow. As she drifted asleep, the ball of light she'd conjured to help her read in the dark faded away...

Draco sat at the Slytherin table in the Great Hall, sipping tea and eating his breakfast. It was a Saturday, as well as another day Hogsmade Village was open to the student body. However, he'd elected not to attend. He had a hunch of sorts where Hermione was concerned. Firstly, because she was not at the breakfast table with Potter and they'd been eating early as of late. Second, he knew that his potion would still be effecting her bladder. He sipped his tea with a smirk as the Gryffindor girls in their year came down, giggling quietly amongst themselves. He didn't hear much of their conversation, but Hermione's name had been mentioned at least twice.

At long last, Hermione finally came through the double doors. Draco noted that she looked rather sullen, eyes cast down as she moved to the table. She sat at the end, far away from the girls, but once she sat down they were all giggling again, with the exception of Lavender Brown who seemed to find some sympathy for her. Watching Hermione himself, he realized that the girl was heavily embarrassed. She wasn't eating or drinking anything, just sitting in front of her meal with her hands into her skirt, head bowed. Her face was red and with a frown Draco realized her eyes were too. Had she been crying? An odd sensation twisted in his stomach as he gazed down at his own breakfast. He did like the idea of making her cry. She'd cried before out of embarrassment because of his punishment, but he hadn't felt that they were real tears of any true meaning. This look was different though, this made her look humiliated, small even.

I suppose even Hermione Granger can be knocked down a few pegs...but isn't that what I'm here for? Draco thought with a light smirk as he glanced back up at her. To his surprise, Hermione was looking straight at him. Her expression was flushed, eyes definitely glossy with tears, and she looked desperate. Maybe not for the loo exactly, but there was a certain amount of hope in her expression. Thankfully, like her he was eating alone, so he simply finished his meal and got up to leave. He figured she would do the same, so he went into an alcove near the Great Hall that was never used, just in case he had been mistaken about her needs. Moments later, as expected, Hermione came right in.

“Well, looks like you've had an interesting morning,” he smiled, causing an immediate blush to flood Hermione's cheeks.

“Did...did they tell anyone?” she asked, her voice timid and fearful.

“Hm? Tell anyone what?” he smiled.

“Draco, I'm serious, what were they saying this morning?” she asked intently.

“Who are we talking about, exactly?” he asked, playing innocent. He loved the reaction he was getting from her.

“Draco! The girls from my house in our year! Did they...did they say anything about me when they came down to breakfast?” she asked in exasperation, blushing more by the word and looking very near to crying again.

“Hmm...well, they didn't say anything to anyone besides themselves,” he mused, “but they were quite giggly. Your name came up more than once...I wonder, being so worried about it, is there something you'd like to tell me?”

Hermione nibbled her bottom lip, looking as embarrassed as ever. It was kind of cute to watch her fussing with the hem of her skirt, then twiddle her fingers as a hot red blush bloomed up her neck.

“I...” she started, but then sighed, looking down at her shoes in defeat, “yes, there is something.”

“Oh? Do tell,” he smirked.

“I...I want to apologize about yesterday...I...I'll wear them,” she said softly, “I want to wear the training panties.”

“Hmm...now why are you suddenly changing your mind about that?” he asked gleefully, “I could only think of one thing...”

At his words she blushed even worse than she was, tears bubbling to her eyes, but she didn't say anything.

“I think I know,” he smiled. Hermione closed her eyes, turning away from him.

“Draco, please---”

“You got caught,” he smirked. Hermione whimpered.

“Please...please just give me the training panties, I don't...”

“You don't want to get caught again,” he finished the sentence, “because you still can't control your bladder very well, can you, Little Miss Toddler?”

“Draco...stop,” she sniffled, burying her face in her hands, “I'm sorry...so...so please...”

“You were very rude about it yesterday,” he mused “Maybe having your housemates catch you isn't enough punishment for me. Maybe I want to watch you lose it in front of an audience.”

“No! Please not that...not yet...”

“Not yet?” he questioned. She went from red to pale in seconds, staring at him wide eyed.

“Oh, I see, you hadn't meant to say that did you?” he chuckled “Oh dear, how naughty...you want to get caught now?”

“No! Not...not now...” she blushed, “Draco, please I'm not ready for that yet...I...I need to build it up...so...so I need them, the training panties...I'll do anything if you let me wear them.”

“You know, I love it when you beg, Hermione,” he smirked, leaning against the wall, “Let's see...how about you tell me what those girls caught you doing, for starters, and then I want to watch the memory of it with you.”

“Oh Merlin, please not that...” she said, looking almost sickly at the thought. Was what happened truly that horrifying? Oh he had to see.

“Its either that, or you can't have them,” he said. Hermione pouted and looked at the floor.

“I...I peed in my bed,” she said softly as Draco smirked in victory, his assumption correct.

“Lets see it then,” he grinned devilishly as he pulled out his pocket pensive.

###

Hey everyone! I went ahead and included both chapters in one post because 11 was pretty short. 13 is going to be much longer and take me some time to work on, so hopefully this will do until the next update! Thanks so much for reading!

*136*2015-11-03 20:05

It hasn't! I'm almost done with the next update!

Thanks for keeping up with it, everyone!

*141*2015-12-26 02:28

Happy Holidays and Merry Christmas! Sorry it took so very long for this to get updated, the chapter ended up being quite long. Thanks so much for reading, hope you enjoy it!

Chapter 13: Training Panties

Hermione blushed, looking away from the pensive, but she reluctantly put her wand to her temple and pulled a shinning, silvery memory forward. Draco gestured toward the pensive and she came forward, hesitating.

“You know, its not really all that exciting....” she mumbled, knowing that Draco wouldn't budge from his decision.

“Put it in, Hermione,” he ordered with a smirk. She sighed and dropped the memory in the pool, watching with a sick feeling in her stomach as it swirled about. Draco's other hand came forward and wrapped tenderly around hers as they were sucked into the memory. She found it oddly comforting and interlaced her fingers with his as the Gryffindor girls dorm came into view around them. Draco didn't question it, or pull away. Hermione was grateful for it too, as the events from the morning began to play out

Immediately obvious was Hermione's four poster bed, curtains shut around her. The book was still on her pillow and the pitcher of water on her nightstand was a third empty. Draco saw it and chuckled to himself, eyes shifting over to Hermione, sound asleep in her bed. Or, at least asleep, but whether or not it was sound...well, that was questionable.

Hermione watched herself, obviously caught between that awake-asleep moment. She was twisted in several layers of sheets and blankets, squirming. Her thighs were quivering where they were visible, legs twisting in and out of the covers as she rolled from side to side. She was breathing heavily, brows furrowed in distress.

“Well, well...” Draco mused as he watched her whimper in her sleep, “someone needs the loo, eh? I wonder, were you dreaming about it?”

“I don't remember,” Hermione said softly, not looking at him. Draco would get to that later, for now he was more interested in watching Hermione wet her bed.

“Mmmmm...!” Memory-Hermione whined, gasping slightly as she kicked her covers off and then tightly cross her legs, hips shimmying with desperation. She quivered a moment, then rolled her her left side, face flushed and crumpled in discomfort. There was an obvious wet stain in the crotch of her cream colored pajama bottoms. Every now and then, Memory-Hermione would give a little whimper or a groan and a few bursts of piss would gush down her leg. Her pants were wet enough that he could see her pink panties glistening beneath them and Draco was quite enjoying the show. Suddenly, she gasped, eyes snapping open and her hand flying between her legs as she sat up.

“Ohhh...!” she groaned softly, biting down on her lip as she squirmed in her half made puddle on the bed. Her brown eyes glanced around her curtained bed, wincing as she heard the sounds of the girls in her dorm. Most unfortunately, the shower was running too which meant the bathroom was occupied.

“Hermione, are you awake yet?” one of the girls called, “I thought you were coming with us to Hogsmade?”

“I...” she called, voice squeaking as a stream of pee dribbled through her fingers, “I um...I'm not really feeling well, so...Aaaah! Who..who's in the loo?”

“Parvati,” called a different girl, “whats the matter? Gotta wee or does your stomach hurt?”

“You girls will talk about anything, won't you?” Draco chuckled, grinning at Hermione as she flamed red beside him.

“I...I really need a wee!” Hermione gasped as more pee gushed through her hand and into her bed. Hermione struggled, desperately trying to stem the flow, but only barely managed to weaken it, and then only for a brief moment. Hermione shivered, biting her lip against a groan of relief, eyes closing. She spread her legs as she succumbed to the torrent of liquid leaving her body as it sprayed heavily from her hole, gushing an arch straight through her soaked panties and pajama bottoms where it splashed into a growing puddle in her sheets.

“Just get dressed and go down to the common room's bathroom,” came an off handed suggestion “you know Parvati is going to take forever.”

Memory-Hermione didn't answer her though, she was already forcefully emptying her bladder into her bed, body sagging in defeated relief. The chatter stopped at Hermione's silence and there was a very pregnant pause. There were only two sounds in the girls dorm; the distant patter of the shower, and the distinct sound of Hermione violently wetting her sheets. It was more than a minute until the hissing stopped, leaving the poor girl wet and trembling in her soaked bed.

“Oh my God...!”

“Haha, are you serious!?”

“Hermione....? Did you just....?”

Two girls were laughing and one seemed sympathetic.

“Hermione, why don't you just go downstairs?” taunted a giggler.

“Yeah its not far, just down the stairs, you can hold it right?”

“Its not like you're a first year anymore!”

“Guys, that's mean...”

“Oh hush Lavender...Hermione?”

“I um...” Hermione whimpered, tears bubbling down her cheeks as she shivered in her obviously cooling urine.

“It smells a bit, doesn't it? Hehe...Like pee.”

At that Memory-Hermione buried her face in her hands and started to cry softly, but loud enough for it to be heard out in the rest of the dorm.

“That's enough!” the girl called Lavender scolded “she had an accident, leave her be. It could happen to anyone. Hermione...? Do you need any help?”

“N-no,” Hermione sobbed softly, “just...just go without me...I...I need to take a shower.”

“Okay...” Lavender said softly.

“Oi! Parvati!” one of the gigglers called, knocking on the door, “better hurry up in there, Hermione pissed herself waiting on you!” The shower turned off abruptly and the girls all left the dorm. Memory-Hermione slowly, gingerly stepped out of her bed to observe the damage. The crotch and bottom of her pants were soaked so bad they were transparent and the left leg was soaked down to the ankle. Because she'd pushed her blankets away, they were dry, but the bottom sheet and the mattress on her bed were completely soaked through, her puddle spreading to each side. Had there been no magic, it would have been completely ruined.

“Hermione,” Paravati said as she opened the bathroom door, “did you really wet yourself? Why didn't you just go downstairs? Or tell me, you could have come in to pee, I wouldn't have minded!” She was both scolding and concerned as she yanked open Hermione's curtains. Her eyes widened when she saw the damage.

“I...I woke up and I'd started to...and then I couldn't...” Hermione sniffled, fingers curling in the hem of her shirt, which was a little bit wet too.

“I'm sorry....were they horrible?” she asked.

“A bit,” Hermione said, looking down at her feet.

“Don't worry, I'll make sure they won't tell anyone. Go clean up, okay love?” Parvati said, making Hermione smile a little.

“Thank you,” she said with a nod, gathering her bathroom things and disappearing through the door. The memory faded and she and Draco were standing back in their little alcove.

“Well, you certainly made a mess,” Draco grinned, “you must have been having a very good dream indeed.”

Hermione blushed, lips dipping into a slight pout. She was still obviously very vulnerable and embarrassed from the morning.

“I drank a lot of water and accidentally fell asleep before I could go to the loo,” she said in her defense, “Its not my fault, its that potion you gave me...so I want a little bit of protection, okay? I want to wear those training panties you spelled.”

“Well, you have seemed to see the error of your ways,” Draco mused, “do you want to wear them now?”

“Yes please,” she sighed, looking relieved he was letting her. Draco smirked.

“Yes please, what?” he pressed.

“Yes please, Master Draco...” she sighed in defeat, blushing crimson; humiliated. God, how he loved it.

“That's my girl,” he smirked, petting her cheek before slinging his bag off his shoulder, “You're lucky I'm clever, I thought something like this might happen, so I have them here with me now.”

Draco pulled out a pair of folded panties, pure white with lace hemming the edges. There was a small pink bow done in ribbon at the top. Without being asked, Hermione slid off the panties she was wearing and pulled up her skirt. Draco grinned and held them out to her so she could step in. He took his time sliding the fabric up her body, his hand moving to squeeze her bottom after they were in place, which made her sigh softly.

“They don't feel any different than panties...you changed them?” she mused “Are you sure they'll still absorb it if I wet?”

“Of course I am,” he said confidently, “Now, you remember the rules for these, yes?”

“If I have to wee, I need to come and tell you so we can find me a place to go. If I get them wet, you need to clean me up and change them because they don't absorb indefinitely,” she recited perfectly.

“Good girl,” he said with a smile, “and you don't get into trouble if you tell me you have to pee and don't make it, okay? Only if you do it without permission.”

“What's my punishment if I don't do a good job?” she asked with a worried little frown.

“I won't clean you up nicely,” he smirked. She looked confused as to what that meant, but then Hermione remembered, he could see it in her eyes. That nice, warm towel sliding between her legs and against her girlhood, the pleasure it gave her. The implications were obvious and she flushed.

“Okay,” she agreed, nodding. The punishment was rather a lack of a reward for being good, in that case. Hermione folded up her regular panties and put them in her bag.

“Now, do you need the loo or anything?” Draco asked.

“No... it all came out when I wet the bed this morning...” she said softly, blushing at the mention of it.

“Okay, well come and get me if you feel like you have to go,” he smiled, “I'll take care of you.”

“Thank you, Master,” she smiled back, tilting her head to the side, “but...”

“But?” he questioned, quirking an eyebrow.

“I want to test them out for myself,” she declared.

“What? Don't you trust me?” he asked with a smirk.

Hermione just arched an eyebrow at that, making Draco laugh. Hermione Granger would always be gutsy and that he had to appreciate.

“Alright, then we'll change your rules a little bit for today, sound fair?” Draco provided.

“Depends on the rules,” Hermione said.

“I'm lifting your ban on wetting in your knickers for testing purposes,” he said “but only for today. You still have to ask permission before you pee. But I'm not going to clean you up until your panties leak. Now, is that fair?”

“I think so,” she mused “if that's the case though, with my bladder being so fragile right now, I should probably stay around you for the rest of the day so I don't have any accidents.”

“Hermione Granger, are you asking me out on a date?” Draco teased. She flamed red and immediately smacked him against arm, making him roar with laughter.

“No I'm not! Shut up! This is for...for testing, that's it!” she stammered, blushing to her hairline. Draco didn't seem upset by the smack, still chuckling at her reaction.

“Whatever you say,” he grinned, “especially since our last little date ended with a lake on the floor of the Three Broomsticks.”

“Ugh!!! Don't say that out loud!” she complained, blushing all the more, but only because that wet had felt so good. And she'd been so aroused after. She swallowed, wondering briefly what might happen if they did that again. Hermione was a little more comfortable with his touching her now...how would have that warm, soft towel felt that night?

“Someone is having naughty thoughts,” Draco said with an impish look on his face, “your eyes get all glassy when you do. Care to share?”

Hermione licked her lips, blushing as she looked up at him at him again.

“Can I have something to drink Master? I'm so thirsty...” she said softly, pouting a little. The tease went out of Draco's eyes, replaced by his own glassy look. Hermione was beginning to love to see him hungry like that now. It gave her a warm feeling deep in her lower body.

“Of course pet,” Draco said with a little smile, “do you want to stay in the castle today, or go down to the village?”

“The castle,” Hermione answered. The girls from her house were in the village today, and she didn't want to think about running into them during a hold.

Draco nodded and took her down the passage way toward the kitchen. The house elves were always accommodating to every student that visited, so when Draco asked if they could have breakfast together at their own private table, the elves gave in immediately.

“What would you like to eat and drink?” a house elf squeaked

“Nothing for me,” Draco grinned, “we're here for the lady. She's very thirsty.”

“Of course sir!” and the little house elf scampered away.

“I really wish they were paid for their service, its wrong to have them working like this without wages,” Hermione frowned, “I don't like it.”

“They're house elves,” Draco shrugged “That's what they do. Besides, the ones here have it better than anywhere else. My old elf is working here, I noticed. My dad was awful to him, I'm glad he got away from him to be honest.”

This shocked Hermione to the core, hearing him say that and it showed on her face.

“What? I liked Dobby,” he said “but if you ever tell Potter I said that, I will ruin you.”

“I won't,” she said, “I was just surprised...”

She was cut off though by four house elves who'd brought her drinks though. Hermione gasped softly. She hadn't told them what she wanted, so they'd brought everything they could get their hands on. She had a pot of tea, a pot of coffee, pitchers of pumpkin juice, orange juice, and water. There was also a large fruit smoothie and giant mug of hot chocolate.

“What would you like ma'am?” the elves chirped.

“Oh she's very, very thirsty,” Draco grinned, “She'll have it all”

###

For the next hour, Hermione consumed beverage after beverage with Draco chatting with her and making her laugh. Of course, the house elves were so delighted with this that they kept refilling her drinks and Hermione felt rude refusing them. It didn't take long at all for her bladder to start filling from all she was taking in, making her squirm in her seat.

“Something the matter, Hermione?” Draco asked oh so innocently. Their conversation had lagged a bit the more focused she was becoming on her growing need to pee, but Draco enjoyed watching her wiggle.

“Mmm...I need to go to the bathroom...” Hermione responded, sighing in defeat as a house elf came over a moment later to refill her coffee.

“Quite a problem when you can't stop drinking, hm?” Draco grinned, chuckling as Hermione added her sugar and cream before drinking down the provided liquid. She set the empty cup down, crossing her legs.

“Master, I'm not thirsty anymore,” she said “I want to stretch my legs a little bit please....”

“Alright,” Draco said as he stood up. He thanked the house elves for their drinks while Hermione stood gingerly. She'd drank so much that her stomach bulged a little through her clothes and she rubbed it tenderly as she shifted her feet. She looked at him expectantly and Draco made sure to thank each house elf that helped them for a few minutes each. The elves were thrilled; Hermione would have loved the gesture if she wasn't so desperate. She was dancing in place by the time they left the kitchens.

“Ohhhh...I have to go so bad!” she groaned in complaint as they walked along the less traveled corridors.

“Shouldn't have drank so much then,” Draco chided, watching the flush creeping up her skin as she tried to walk normally. She was annoyed, embarrassed, and desperate all at once and Draco loved the sight of it.

“That's your fault,” she said as they walked. She was just so full! And it was sloshing about with each step, making her ladyhood quiver. Coffee especially went right through her, even when her bladder wasn't magically compromised, and she had so much! She was so busy thinking about how desperately she wanted to pee, that she didn't notice Draco stopping. She bumped right into him, rattling her bladder in the process.

“Nnnn...Draco, why'd you stop?” she questioned, whimpering as she twisted her legs together and bounced on her toes in an effort to keep all her liquids in.

“I'm pondering,” he said slowly, “should we go up toward the towers or out toward the grounds first?”

“It doesn't matter,” Hermione said, twisting her legs the other way and bending at the knees as a wave of desperation hit her. She gasped softly and held herself.

“Master...I have to go!” she said urgently, tugging on Draco's sleeve with the hand that wasn't shoved between her legs.

“You can go when we've reached our destination,” Draco said off offhandedly, taking her free hand in his, “Can't you wait?”

Hermione squeezed his hand out of need, bouncing on her toes as she shimmied her hips. She didn't think she'd make it to either location with how fast her bladder was filling. She felt like she was about to wet any moment, and he was lollygagging about for no reason! At this rate, she was going to have an accident before he gave her permission to wet her absorbent panties.

“Hermione?” Draco pressed with a smile, breaking her from her thoughts, “if you don't make it to where were going, it'll be your fault for not deciding.”

“That's not fair!” she complained, pulling her hand out of his so she could twist it between her legs with her other one, “you're the one who stopped and was stalling, I don't care where we go—ohhh...!” Hermione's words cut off with a squeal, her eyes squeezed shut and her face bright red as she bent at the waist, and gripped herself tightly. A sudden burst of urine had warmed the crotch of her panties while she'd been momentarily distracted, startling her. It felt quite wet at first, but the feeling vanished after a moment and she was dry again.

“Hermione, what are you doing?” Draco questioned. He knew that look on her face, the embarrassed yet euphoric expression and exactly what it meant.

“A little...a little bit just came out...” she murmured shakily, body quivering along with her voice, “if I move right now...I'll wet.”

“Then you better choose quickly,” Draco said, but Hermione barely heard him. She whimpered in agonizing pleasure as a sudden thick stream of pee poured out of her, soaking into her panties. She danced frantically to stop the flow, gasping and breathing heavily as tears prickled her eyes. She held herself tightly under her skirt and looked up at her Master, brown eyes dewy and desperate.

“You can pee if you decide where we're going,” he told her before she could say anything. She groaned, squeezing herself. Going upstairs would be less people, but out to the grounds would be much closer. Either way, she knew she wasn't going to be able to hold it long enough.

“Th-the grounds,” she managed, dancing frantically before dropping into a half squat as a powerful wave of desperation forced a torrent of liquid from her hole.

“Aaaaah...”

She loved the feeling of her panties soaking. Had they not had the absorption spell, she knew that last release would have made a puddle for sure. While she missed the feeling of her liquid running down her legs, it was equally pleasurable having it all pool hotly in the crotch of her panties. She struggled to stand normally as the stream cut off, but she dare not remove her hands, or look her master in the eye.

Draco smirked as he watched her leak into her panties, not wanting to miss a moment her struggle. He knew, just as well as she did, that Hermione wouldn't make it to the grounds. But that was fine, she wouldn't get punished for wetting her panties. That's what this was for, in the first place. But he'd let her fret over it, if only for her shy and worried expressions when she glanced his way.

Once she'd decided, they headed down toward the entrance to the castle with Hermione struggling to keep beside Draco's stride. Every step she took jostled her overfull bladder, and the more she tried to keep pace with him, the nearer she felt to having a full accident. They crossed out over the threshold of the castle and Hermione gasped at the burst of cold air that engulfed them. Her bladder throbbed, sending a spurt of pee into her panties. Then another, and another. The warmth spread against the cloth, contracting pleasurably with the cold air breezing around them. She bit her lip, crossing her legs tightly as her hand gripped around Draco's forearm. He stilled, looking over her. She was over her limit and excitement sizzled in his lower stomach.

“I....!” she gasped, squeezing herself hard with her free hand, “I....I can't hold it anymore...”

“Try to, we're almost there,” he urged, knowing it was useless. Hermione gasped as she squeezed herself harder. Her hand that was gripping his arm trembled with her efforts, but in vain. She was losing heavy streams into her panties every moment.

“Master!” she cried out suddenly as she went stiff. Her bladder had finally burst, urine blooming fast and hot against her underwear, “Aaaaaaaaaah..! Ohhhh its coming out....it feels sooooo good...”

Draco's mouth went dry at her vocalizations while she wet and he didn't miss her hand slip under her skirt, nor its rapid movements. This time, he couldn't bring himself to stop her pleasure.

“Mmmnnnn....I...I...Aaah Draco!” she gasped, moaning sweetly as she buried her face against his neck. Draco wrapped his arms around her, glad the courtyard was fairly empty due to the student body being in the village. But he ran his hands down her back, soothing her body's tremblings of relief.

“Are you done?” he murmured, to which she nodded.

“I...I feel so much better...” she sighed softly.

“Good, I'm glad” he said gently, “you've been a very good girl.”

“Thank you, Master” she said in a low purr, snuggling him. He blushed faintly when her movements made her brush against his obvious arousal, a little more so when he felt her hand slide between his legs.

“A very good girl,” he groaned softly at her touch.

“When I have to go potty again,” she murmured against his ear, “lets go somewhere no one will see? I'll pee just for you, however you want.” She squeezed his groin softly and he moaned against her tangled curls.

Draco made a low, pleasured noise as he started rutting into her offered hand. Her touch and her promises were driving his fantasies wildly, but then she suddenly pulled away.

“Someone's coming,” she said, sobering him up quickly. He huffed and started walking toward the far end of the courtyard while Hermione moved toward the castle. A group of students passed by them as Hermione entered the castle doors, glancing across the way at Draco. He was flushed, his gray-blue eyes were lit with desire as he smiled devilishly at her. Her stomach fluttered, heat pulsing through her body. It was a surprising turn, considering the pleasure she just gave herself, but Draco made her want it all over again. She disappeared into the castle and dearly hoped he'd find her quickly.

*149*2016-02-17 04:50

A big shout out and thank you to everyone who's been keeping up with this story so far and a huge welcome to anyone new picking it up along the way :D

I'm currently working on the next chapter, but its still in its rougher stages lol

I've been thinking of doing a few little shorts in between updates, smaller scale wetting scenes with our couple and such. If anyone has any ideas I'd love to hear them! I could incorporate them into those or even into the main story.

