Amy's Dilemma

Author: Garrus

*000*2012-11-09 02:58

Hi everybody,

I've been on this site for a while now and haven't really contributed much, so i thought I would take a break from lurking and try my hand at writing fiction. This is my first attempt at this sort of writing so sorry that it's short and not very good, if y'all like it and i get the time and creativity to continue i will do so.

- Enjoy

###

Amy sat there thinking about the series of events that had led to her unfortunate current circumstances.

"none of this was really my fault, why can't anyone else see that?" Amy thought to herself in a desperate attempt to make sense of what had happened.

Two weeks ago Amy had been a completely normal teenage girl, just starting her senior year of high school. Her only worries had been passing calculus and finding a date for prom, now that all felt like a different life.

"Ms. Meadows?" A voice intruded on Amy's pondering.

"Y-Yes." She looked nervously up at the man in the uniform.

"You know what's at stake here; we need to know everything. Why don't you start at the beginning.

"O-Okay, well it all started about two weeks ago...."

*** ***

Amy awoke with a groan and glared at her alarm clock, 6:30AM. It was the first day of school but the last thing Amy felt like doing was getting out of bed. Amy rolled out of bed pulled on a shirt and slipped on a matching skirt. She glanced in the mirror on her way out of her bedroom, she was looking good for the first day of her senior year, especially considering she just rolled out of bed a few minutes previously.

"Amy. Jessica. Get a move on or you'll be late." called a voice from down stairs.

"Comin', Mom." Amy called back.

"Make sure your sister is up will you. She doesn't want to miss her bus on her first day of high school."

Amy walked to the bedroom adjacent to her's and knocked,

"Jess, you up?" Amy called as she pushed open the door. What she saw caused her to stop in her tracks and let out a little giggle.

"Mom, I think Jess is going to miss her bus."

"What? Why's that?" Her mom called as she walked up the stairs on her way to Jessica's room. "Oh dear..." Jessica was fast asleep on her side with her knees tucked up near her chest with her night dress reveling her pink stripped panties which were soaking wet, along with the bed beneath her. The pee had soaked all the way up to her back nearing her shoulder. Amy wondered how she had managed to pee so much and still remain asleep.

"Amy, go downstairs and have some breakfast, I'll take care of your sister. And I'm sorry but you're going to have to drive your sister today."

"But Mom..."Amy began to whine.

"I know, I know, I said you wouldn't have to, but you're both going to the same place and these are special circumstances. Tell you what, if you drive your sister to school and bring her home then I'll pay for your gas this week."

"Sure, thanks Mom." Said Amy, never one to pass up free money.

Amy went downstairs into the kitchen, she opened the 'fridge and poured herself some orange juice. Amy took a sip as a rumble from outside signaled the arrival of the school bus. Glancing at the clock, 7:00AM, Amy wandered to the foot of the stairs wondering if Jessica was ready to go yet. Amy could hear part of a conversation between her mother and a very distraught sounding Jessica.

"Jessie... I thought you were done with this...You're in high school now." Amy heard her mom saying, followed by an unintelligible response from her sister.

"Are you sure you don't want some...protection?" That was her Mom again.

"No Mom!" This time Jessica's response came through clearly.

"Well ok, but take extra precaution, if it happens again..."

"I know Mom"

"Ok good, now hurry up or you'll be late for school."

Amy grabbed her car keys and backpack. Then she called up to Jessica:

"Get a move on Jess! You know what they do to freshmen who are tardy on the first day."

That got her sister's attention, because a few seconds later a wide-eyed Jessica came running down the stairs with a scared look in eyes

.

"What are you talking about? What do they do to freshmen? Mommy said that all those stories were made-up." Jessica breathlessly asked.

"Well if that's what 'Mommy' said then I'm sure you have nothing to worry about..." Amy said with an aloof tone that implied she knew better.

'Wh-What?" Jessica stuttered looking so terrified that Amy couldn't help but relent.

"As long as you stay out of the way of older kids and you are not annoying then you have nothing to worry about." Amy explained

Jessica's expression instantly brightened, "Ha, I knew you were making all those stories up." Jessica said with such a tone of superiority that Amy couldn't resist one last jab.

"Just try not to pee your pants at school." Amy taunted. Jessica instantly blushed a deep red.

"Y-You know I don't do that anymore." Jessica meekly responded.

"Hmm, could have fooled me this morning."

Jessica opened her mouth to respond but Amy tossed Jessica's lunch to her and said,

"Now let's go, or we'll be late."

The sisters walked outside, hopped in Amy's car and backed out of the driveway, and began the ride to the high school.

*** ***

"Is all this really relevant?" a female voice interrupted Amy's recollection.

"Yes," a man in uniform answered,"It's important we know everything if we want to have any chance of correcting this."

"Yes sir. Sorry sir." The woman apologized.

"Please continue, Amy" The man prompted.

(To Be Continued)

