The hunt for love (an interactive fantasy adventure) - Page 5

Author: ExplosiveTurtlez

*100*2014-11-30 22:05

{{:

Agree, but only if he immediatly leaves so you can fill the glass and finish peeing in private.

}}

{{:

Agree, but if he won't leave us in private, make sure to splash some on his shoes.

}}

Natillie:

*sigh* I hope you know I'm only doing this for heals...

Friz:

I know you are, and I'm thankful.

Friz gives you the glass bottle.

Natillie:

Please leave so I can do this in privacy...

Friz:

What's so private about peeing in a bottle?

Natillie:

If you don't leave I'll... I'll pee on you!

Friz:

But these are white robes! ...*sigh* Women and their needs... Alright, just hurry up. My match is about to begin.

Regard shuts the wooden door. You can see his shadow underneath the open sliver of the door, which makes you a little nervous... Placing the bottle underneath your nethers, you release yourself once again. Relief fills your mind, as does the bottle fill with your lovely liquids. A feeling of naughtiness comes over you as the bottle fills up more and more, yet you can't really explain why... but it feels amazing! Eventually the bottle is filled to the brim with your gradient-yellow piss... Now all that's left is to finish up your business...

Bladder: 81/150

Announcer:

#9 and #16 Please make your way to the field!

Natillie:

Wait WHAT?! Already?!?! This must be a mistake! I didn't even get to finish!

​You quickly grab some toilet paper from the side and rub yourself, putting your armor back on and rush outside, passing the golden bottle to Friz on the way out. Dashing to the field, you unsheathe your blade, ready for the opponent when something hits you...

Natillie:

Wait a sec... I'm against #9? That means...

Friz walks to the field, his cross held high.

Friz:

Now then... before we fight...

A ball of light floats from his hand and onto you...

HP: 187/200

Natillie:

What?! But why?

Friz:

I may not look like it, but like I said... I'm a man of my word...

Hmm... maybe this kid ain't so bad after all...

BATTLE INITIATE!!!

Friz:

HP: 179/200

Natillie:

HP: 187/200 Bladder 81

Friz goes first!

Friz uses Holy Shield 1

Enemy's Defense x2 for 3 turns!

Friz:

HP: 179/200

<Holy Shield 1> (3)

Natillie:

HP: 187/200 Bladder 81

Natillie's turn!

{{:

Natillie Rays LV. 5 [xp. 303/500]

Stats

HP: 187/200

Strength: 44

Defense: 54

Charisma: 34

Intelligence: 18

Speed: 41

Bladder: 81/150 (In desperate need)

Equipped:

L. Arm: Goldenstream (Strength +23 / Speed +16) [xp. 217/300]

R. Arm: Iron Buckler (Defense +24) [xp. 117/200]

Body: Leather Armor (Defense +21) [xp. 17/250]

Accessory 1: Nothing

Accessory 2: Nothing

Accessory 3: Nothing

Accessory 4: Nothing

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Inventory:

150 Grands

Lovely Dress

Iron Throwing knives x10

Potty Pouch

Water x2

}}

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Actions:

Defend

Use Item

{{:

Lovely Dress

Iron Throwing Knives x10

Potty Pouch

Water x2

}}

*105*2014-12-02 21:50

{{:

Considering his "holy shield" I'd say this is a perfect opportunity to use assuring strike.

}}

{{:

I agree with ola. Use assuring strike. Let's wreck this fool.

}}

{{:

Concur: assuring strike

}}

{{:

Same, Assuring Strike

}}

Natillie uses Assuring Strike!

[10]+44Str=54-10Def(Breaks through shield)=...

49 Damage!

Friz:

HP: 130/200

<Holy Shield 1> (3)

Natillie:

HP: 187/200 Bladder 81

Friz's turn!

Friz fires a massive stream of holy danmaku at you!

27 Damage!

Friz:

HP: 130/200

<Holy Shield 1> (2)

Natillie:

HP: 160/200 Bladder 86

Natillie's turn

{{:

Natillie Rays LV. 5 [xp. 303/500]

Stats

HP: 160/200

Strength: 44

Defense: 54

Charisma: 34

Intelligence: 18

Speed: 41

Bladder: 86/150 (In desperate need)

Equipped:

L. Arm: Goldenstream (Strength +23 / Speed +16) [xp. 217/300]

R. Arm: Iron Buckler (Defense +24) [xp. 117/200]

Body: Leather Armor (Defense +21) [xp. 17/250]

Accessory 1: Nothing

Accessory 2: Nothing

Accessory 3: Nothing

Accessory 4: Nothing

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Inventory:

150 Grands

Lovely Dress

Iron Throwing knives x10

Potty Pouch

Water x2

}}

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Actions:

Defend

Use Item

{{:

Lovely Dress

Iron Throwing Knives x10

Potty Pouch

Water x2

}}

*108*2014-12-02 22:51

{{:

Continue with assuring strike.

}}

{{:

Use assuring strike. Out of curiosity what are Danmaku?

}}

(Grim; To answer your question, this is basically what it looks like ^_^)

Image Set

Natillie uses Assuring Strike!

[20]+44Str x 2(crit)=128-10Def(Breaks through shield)=...

115 Damage!!!

Friz:

HP: 15/200

<Holy Shield 1> (2)

Natillie:

HP: 160/200 Bladder 86

Friz's turn!

Friz stumbles to get back on his feet, but after collecting himself he... puts up another shield?

He must know for a fact that he's not gonna win this one, and is cowering behind two layers of Holy Shields!

I think you already know what to do...

Friz:

HP: 15/200

<Holy Shield 1> (1)

<Holy Shield 1> (3)

Natillie:

HP: 160/200 Bladder 86

{{:

Natillie's turn!

Natillie Rays LV. 5 [xp. 303/500]

Stats

HP: 160/200

Strength: 44

Defense: 54

Charisma: 34

Intelligence: 18

Speed: 41

Bladder: 86/150 (In desperate need)

Equipped:

L. Arm: Goldenstream (Strength +23 / Speed +16) [xp. 217/300]

R. Arm: Iron Buckler (Defense +24) [xp. 117/200]

Body: Leather Armor (Defense +21) [xp. 17/250]

Accessory 1: Nothing

Accessory 2: Nothing

Accessory 3: Nothing

Accessory 4: Nothing

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Inventory:

150 Grands

Lovely Dress

Iron Throwing knives x10

Potty Pouch

Water x2

}}

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Flourish Finish!

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Actions:

Defend

Use Item

{{:

Lovely Dress

Iron Throwing Knives x10

Potty Pouch

Water x2

}}

*113*2014-12-04 00:36

{{:

Flourish!

}}

{{:

Flourish finish! Oh and thanks for showing me what those look like

}}

{{:

Flourish!

}}

You direct your blade at him, readying for a final attack. You can see a horrified look on Friz's face as you dash forward. With a powerful strike, you pierce through the double-layered shield, stabbing at around his shoulders.

The shields shatter like glass and Friz falls to his knees, grasping tightly at his wounds.

Friz:

Ugh... Damn bitch! Didn't think you'd be this strong...

Natillie:

Hmph! Don't underestimate a lady.

Ju deed eet :3

XP gained: 127

Goldenstream Level Up!

Lv. 3/???

[2]+23=25! Strength up

[1]+16=17! Speed up

Natillie Level Up!!!!!

Lv. 6

Strength:[20]+46=66 (Lucky!)

Defense: [9]+54=63

Charisma: [15]+34=49

Intelligence: [8]+18=26

Speed: [15]+42=57

Bladder: [18]+150=168

Choose which stat you'd like to make a bonus roll.

(When you level up, you may choose one stat to make a second roll for an additional stat increase)

*115*2014-12-05 02:08

{{:

I vote for intellegence, since we're probably gonna need magic sometime.

}}

Strength:[20]+46=66 (Lucky!)

Defense: [9]+54=63

Charisma: [15]+34=49

Intelligence: [8]+18=26+BONUS ROLL[11]=37

Speed: [15]+42=57

Bladder: [18]+150=168

You assist Friz off the floor and carry him to the benches. This is it! Just one last battle before the prize is your's! You look down at Friz to ask if he's ok, but he seems to have dozed himself off for a nap... or at least you hope he's just sleeping...

Announcer:

Next up! #2 and #8!

Rasetsu stands up from the benches... though his movements seem to be frantic and jittery...

Natillie's mind:

(Poor guy... He's been holding it all this time just to watch me?)

Halb'r, the Avian fyurosa, timidly stands up and looks over at Rasetsu. His size seems similar to that of a human's, and since fyurosan adults reach from 8 to 9 feet, it indicates that Halb'r is still quite young. You can sense deep fear in his eyes... he must know perfectly well what's going to happen to him. Speaking of which, it seems that you missed Rasetsu's fight with #4 William Tall... though it appears that Tall is no where to be found... not even by the other fighters... You shudder at the thought of whatever may have possibly happened to the man.

The two fighters walk onto the field. Rasetsu pulls out his massive nodachi, and Halb'r flies into the air, sweat pouring off of him like rain...

BATTLE INITIATE!!!

.............

As expected, Halb'r instantly comes crashing down to the ground, falling face first. Rasetsu assists the birdman to the benches. As the two pass by, you catch a glimpse of what may be the most horrified expression on Halb'r's face, tears rushing down his eyes, almost as if he's seen the very depths of the underworld with his own eyes, then witnessing a murder! Rasetsu rests Halb'r's shuddering body onto the floor, and then takes a seat himself.

Announcer:

Alright folks! The final battle will begin shortly after this brief intermission!

Looks like it'll be another while before your fated dual with the mysterious ninja. You could go speak with the huge threat coated in black, or you can go speak with the scarred Halb'r... After all, he seems to be the only conscious person to know Rasetsu's secret technique! Any information you can get before the fight will be extremely helpful!

Describe the actions you wish to take.

*118*2014-12-06 20:45

{{:

By the way, does Natillie feel anything from levellin up? For example, her bladder just grew 12 percent. This must've resulted in the pressure on her peehole reducing at least a little, right? Has she felt that?

}}

You can't explain why, but after that last fight, you can't help but notice your bladder feeling somewhat stronger. You still feel just as desperate, but at the same time you feel as if you could put up with more stress. Of course that doesn't mean you can contain more pee. A bladder doesn't just grow bigger out of nowhere... Instead, you feel like you bladder can last a little longer...

{{:

Speak to Halb'r. I doubt Rasetsu will be very forthcoming

}}

{{:

I agree with twentyq.

}}

You walk over to the feathered warrior, who in his current state looks like no warrior in your eyes. He's curled himself up into a ball, shuddering and whimpering, whispering incomprehensible gibberish... like a victim to torture. His wounds seem minor and of no concern, though he seems to be having a mental breakdown...

Natillie:

Sir... Sir? Are you alright?

Halb'r:

....*whimper*... *whisperwhisper*... *sob*... S-S-Sylvick help me... wh-what have-... I... ............................

Feeling concerned, you place your hand on his shoulder in an attempt to comfort him... but upon touching him...........

Halb'r:

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NOOO NOOOOO!!!!!!!!! DIVINE'S NO!!!! AHAAAAAAAAAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!

THE PAIN!!!!! THE PAIIIN!!!!! GYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

You quickly pull your arm away, horrified by his reaction! What visions of nightmarish things could possibly drive him to such a state of insanity and severe pain? After a bit, the mentally broken birdman calms down a bit, returning to his original expression of gushing tears and sadness...

There must be some way to get him back to his senses........

*121*2014-12-08 23:20

{{:

I must admit... I'm at a loss here. Do we have any non combat skills or spells?

}}

You try thinking of ways to calm him... Not a whole lot of ideas come to you. Perhaps you could make something artistic like a drawing or knit a little doll... Although you don't think knitting or sketching would at all help, even if you had the materials to do so... Perhaps singing or dancing might work? We don't know for sure...

{{:

Seeing as goldenstream leveled up, can we take a look at those stats?

Just realized they're up there. When we leveled up did we learn any new magic? We're at 160 HP so I don't think its neccessary to drink just yet.

As for Halb'r... try reminding him of his village, i suppose? Oh, and does he have any visible physical damage?

}}

(Unfortunately the only way to learn magic is through reading tomes, which can be purchased later in the game)

You check to see if he's sustained any injuries. As a matter of fact, you find several cuts and wounds embedded beneath his feathers, though they seem to be very minor. You don't think he's in any danger. Suddenly, an idea comes to you! You remember that Halb'r was mentioning his village earlier when you went around observing the competition. Maybe some happy memories of home could do the trick...

Natillie:

It's alright... Remember your village... Your people are waiting for you back home...

Halb'r:

Home... home... home... home... home... ... ... ... ... home!

Well. I don't know about you but I think that actually wor-...

Halb'r:

No!!! NOOO!!!! NOOO!!!!! FITYA!!!!! OPAS!!!!!! PLEASE!!!! TAKE ME INSTEAD!!! PLEASE I BEG OF YOU WITH EVERY EMBER IN MY SOUL!!! SPARE MY WIFE AND ONLY SON! NO!!!!! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Y-YOU B-B-BASTAAAAAARRDS!!!!!!!!!!!!

He seems to be having some kind of hallucination, or worse a flashback... to a grim memory...

Natillie:

Damn... I was certain that would work...

Announcer:

Ladies and gentlemen! Our final battle is about to begin in just a few more minutes!!!

The announcer warns the audience of the "epic battle" that's will soon be underway... however about more than half the audience has already left, knowing perfectly well what will happen to our intrepid hero...

Natillie:

Mother of dick stains... Hmm... I wonder if... Could Friz help me? That kid is a Faith mage... Maybe he could see what's up. Although... I don't think I wanna go through another one of his "bargains" again... I must be able to think of something...

Any other smart ideas?

*123*2014-12-10 01:22

{{:

Quickly run to the market/go to a chapel, get holy water, pour it over yourself, and hope he's actually a demon. If not then I think we'll be down for the count

}}

You feel utter terror as the thought of fighting against... whatever hides behind that veil. Is he actually some kind of demon? What mysterious powers could he have? Whatever they may be, it seems like the only way of finding out is to experience the sheer pain yourself... Then... a bizarre idea comes to you. Abandoning hope for the feathered fyurosa, you rush out of the tent and into the market area. You then miraculously find a market stand selling holy items and materials, for all your exorcising needs! You hurry up to the man...

Natillie:

I'm about to get my ass handed to me by some Najapese devil!!! I need me a flask of holy water ASAP!!!!

Merchant:

Ah... for such a sweet lady as yourself? How can such a beautiful creation from the gods be tainted by evil spirits?

Natillie:

DUDE! I NEED THEM NOW!!!

Merchant:

Alright, alright. That'll be 150 grands... but because the gods clearly favor your... posture... I'll give you a 66% discount!

Natillie:

Ok thanks! Here you go.

Spent: 100G

Purchases: Holy Water x1

You run back to the hut. Thankfully the fight hasn't started yet. Uncorking the bottle of divine liquid, you pour it all over your body, making sure to thoroughly lather yourself in it. It actually smells surprisingly pleasant... As you do this, however, you realize that all that running back and forth shook up your bladder a little bit...

Bladder: 89/168

Natillie:

Perfect! Now to just test it out and see if this works...

You walk up to Rasetsu and take a seat next to him. His bladder must have filled to the brim at this point; he's resorted to holding himself! He's not even trying to hide it at this point...

Natillie:

Hey Rasetsu...

Rasetsu:

Oh! Natirrie! I hope you are prepare for our fight!

Natillie:

Mhm! You bet I'm prepared!

You scoot a little closer to him...

Natillie:

So... How are you feeling?

Rasetsu:

Uh... not so good... I can't stand this anymore! I'd go right now but... the fight is about to begin!

Natillie:

Yeah... ... ...

Natillie's mind:

(Why isn't this holy water working?! Shouldn't he be feeling pain or something? Or at least discomfort... Then again, I guess he's already feeling discomfort. It's a bit mean to think about it... but I can't help but find it a little cute. I wonder if a strong enough blow could break his dam? Yeah... I'd love to see him wet himself. N-No! What am I thinking?! I... I should at least make it a fair fight. Although at this rate there probably won't even be a fight... Well then. If this water isn't working then it at least proves that he's human... to some degree...)

Rasetsu:

Damn it! I don't even know why I have to go so badry...

Natillie:

Maybe you just drank a lot before you got here.

Rasetsu:

That is true... But I actuarry peed in some alleyway before I got here.

Natillie:

Ah... I see...

Natillie's mind:

(Aww... I would've loved to see that ;_;)

Rasetsu:

Hmm... unress... Wait! That Hinder man I first fought!!!

Natillie:

Who?

Rasetsu:

The aqua mage!

Natillie:

Oh yeah... What about him?

Rasetsu:

When we fought, he frowed a stream of water from his canteen into my mouth. He actuarry caught me off guard! The water he gave me! It's poisoned!!!

Natillie:

Poisoned!!! Dude we need to get you to a cleric!

Rasetsu:

No no no... I didn't mean poisoned... What I meant to say is... hmm... what is that word in Remiacan when something is... sabotaged...

Natillie:

You mean drugged?

Rasetsu:

That is the word!

Natillie:

Ah... I guess that makes sense... But wait?! When did he do that? I saw the whole fight and nothi-

Announcer:

THIS IS IT FOLKS!!! #2 AND #16 MAKE YOUR WAY TO THE FIELD AND BEGIN THE FINAL BATTLE OF THE TOURNAMENT!!!

Your heart sinks as you hear those words... You rise from your seat, trying not to show signs of fear.

Natille:

Whelp... It's time for us to duel.

Natillie's head:

Whelp... It's time to get my ass whooped ;-; It's a shame I'll never live long enough to see a real life wetting accident... Well... one that hasn't been caused by me...)

Rasetsu stands up with you; his legs trembling with desperation.

The two of you make your way to the field. You unsheathe your weapon... yet he does not. Rasetsu just kinda stands there, digging his hands into his legs. Suddenly, the remaining audience goes quiet... too quiet... Looking around the field, there isn't a single noise to be heard. Nothing but pure, deafening silence, as if time has stopped... Now is not the time for distractions. It's time to prove your worth! May this battle be the most honorable!

BOSS BATTLE INITIATE!

Rasetsu

HP: ???

Natillie

HP: 160/200 Bladder 89/168

Natillie goes first!

{{:

Natillie Rays LV. 6 [xp. 44/600]

Stats

HP: 160/200

Strength: 66

Defense: 63

Charisma: 49

Intelligence: 37

Speed: 57

Bladder: 89/150 (In desperate need)

Equipped:

L. Arm: Goldenstream (Strength +25 / Speed +17) [xp. 44/400]

R. Arm: Iron Buckler (Defense +24) [xp. 244/300]

Body: Leather Armor (Defense +21) [xp. 144/350]

Accessory 1: Nothing

Accessory 2: Nothing

Accessory 3: Nothing

Accessory 4: Nothing

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Inventory:

50 Grands

Lovely Dress

Iron Throwing knives x10

Potty Pouch

Water x2

}}

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Actions:

Defend

Use Item

{{:

Lovely Dress

Iron Throwing Knives x10

Potty Pouch

Water x2

}}

