Accidents

Author: bazinga

*000*2014-08-15 10:20

There is nothing worse than being desperate to pee when in a bus with two million people after a camping trip.

Okay, maybe not two million. But still, Callum knows that being in a bus with his campmates with his situation is really bad.

He's been holding his pee for a little over an hour now, and his need has steadily increased to the point where he just can't stop fidgeting. He bites his nails and squirms in his seat, trying to alleviate the need to release his bladder. His thighs are trembling and he squeezes his muscles constantly.

He can hold it though. He's a sixteen year old teenage boy - he has to hold it.

"Are you okay?" Callum hears someone say, and he flinches. "Woah dude, chill." It's Liam, one of the young camp counselors. "You don't look so good."

"I'm fine," Callum squeaks, willing his legs to stop trembling. He doesn't want to seem weak in front of Liam, he's 19. "My stomach just hurts a little." That's not a complete lie. His abdomen is throbbing and aching and all Callum wants to do is pee, goddammit.

"Whatever you say, Cal." Liam says, popping a piece of gum into his mouth.

Callum curls in on himself and puts his earphones in, hoping that the sound of music in his ears is enough to get him to fall asleep and lessen the desperation even just for a little while.

###

When Callum wakes up, he notices two things.

One, his need to pee has worsened, and he finds himself discreetly squeezing his crotch -

And two, the bus has stopped moving.

His breathing rate increases. "Liam?" He squeaks, removing his hand from his crotch and tapping his shoulder. "What's going on?"

"There was an accident a few miles away. A bus kinda toppled over, so now the streets are blocked." Liam replies, looking at his phone.

Oh no, Callum thinks. This is not good. This is not good at all. He looks out the window, and sure enough, there are piles and piles of cars in front and behind the bus, and they're stuck on the middle of the highway. Even if Callum decided to man up and tell the driver to pull over, he wouldn't be able to. He had no options. He had to hold it in.

"Dude, you're like, really pale," Liam says, rubbing Callum's back. "Do you feel sick? Do you need a plastic bag or something?"

"No," Callum manages to gasp out, squirming heavily. He feels himself leak a little and tears well up in his eyes a bit. He knows he has to tell someone soon. "I just - I just really really really need to pee like I've been holding it for so long and I feel like I'm gonna pee my pants and I'm so embarrassed and-"

"Hey!" Liam continues rubbing Callum's back. "You're okay. Just breathe."

He does. He breathes heavily for a minute before a huge wave of desperation hits him and he is forced to double over and squeeze his crotch with both of his hands. He leaks a bit more and looks at Liam with wide, tearful eyes. "Liam I really need to bathroom," he says (as if it wasn't obvious enough). "Please please please do something I don't wanna have an accident-"

"Okay. Breathe." Liam repeats, trying to calm him down. "Can you hold it?"

"Not for much longer," Callum whimpers, trying to stop himself from leaking any more.

"I'm going to talk to the driver, okay?" Liam asks, and Callum nods.

While Liam talks to the driver, Callum does the most animated "potty dance" in his seat. He crosses his legs, squeezes his thighs, then crosses them the other way. He squirms and digs his lower body in his seat while bouncing his legs up and down. His hands are permanently squeezing his crotch, and the tears in his eyes threaten to spill over. He feels mortified, and all he's focused on is getting to a toilet. And fast.

"Cal?"

Callum's head snaps up and he find himself looking at Liam's disappointed face. "There's really nothing he can do," he says, rubbing the back of his head. "There are no places to pull over. But the traffic is speeding up, and we'll be back in around twenty to thirty minutes. Do you think you can make it?"

Callum nods, trying to preserve some of his dignity, but to be completely honest, he's not even sure if he'll make it in five minutes.

"Okay, you're okay kiddo. Try to distract yourself." Liam says.

###

Ten minutes later, Callum is more desperate than ever. He can't stop fidgeting and shaking and whimpering and squirming and oh god he's so embarrassed. He's glad he's seated at the back, but he doesn't think he can handle this anymore. "Liam I need the bathroom," he keeps whispering.

"I know, kiddo. I know." Liam doesn't know what to do at this point honestly - he feels bad for Callum. He rubs his back, trying to calm him down. He keeps comforting him until fifteen minutes later, he feels the bus begin to slow down.

"Cal, we're at a gas station. Can you stand?" Liam asks softly.

Callum looks up, his eyes shiny and wide. His hands are in between his legs and he slowly shakes his head. "I think I'm gonna have an accident." He whimpers.

"Shh, it's okay. C'mere," Liam offers his help by helping him stand up and Callum removes one hand from his pants and ties his jacket around his waist.

They rush out of the bus (Callum waddles) as quick as they can, avoiding the knowing glares from the other kids on the bus. Callum stops occasionally to cross his legs, and Liam gets a sick feeling in his stomach because Callum might not make it.

Liam's right.

Callum stumbles on his own feet roughly thirty seconds after, and he doesn't get up. Liam rushes over to him, and he already hears the loud sound of a sixteen year old's bladder being released and the sound of gasps coming from the kids who are watching them.

Callum feels humiliated. His jeans are beginning to chafe and he hasn't even stopped going - his bladder is screaming for relief and it hurts. 2 minutes later, his stream slows down, then it stops - and Callum promptly bursts into tears.

"Get inside. All of you." He hears the other camp counselors say to his campmates and Callum wants to throw up. He feels a hand rub his shoulder and he cries even more, embarrassed beyond anything.

"Shh, you're okay, Cal. Just breathe. One of the other counselors is getting your clothes, okay? Don't worry. You'll be fine." Liam continues to say soothing words to the distraught teen until his sobs begin to subside into small whimpers and sniffles.

"'M wet," Callum mumbles, voice shaky. Liam lifts him up from under his armpits and places his arm around him.

"Let's go to the bathroom."

They do. Callum's jacket and entire lower body is soaked - so when the other counselor brings his bags in, he has to change everything. Even his shirt got kinda wet.

After he changes, they go out. He honestly feels completely mortified. He feels like he's never going to live this down, he's a high schooler, for crying out loud. He sees the bus and barely registers the tears running down his cheeks and the arms around him again.

"Callum, breathe, please? You need to calm down. Don't worry, okay? No one's gonna laugh at you. It's not your fault." Liam rubs his arm, trying to get his breathing steady. "It's okay."

Callum nods. He gets back on the bus and sleeps the rest of the way back, his head on Liam's shoulder.

He feels absolutely humiliated, but he realizes that this situation could've been worse without any help.

He feels okay after that.

###

Hey there this is my first time ever writing omo fics so pls be gentle :):):)

*005*2014-08-17 08:57

{{:

I really liked that! Good job! Are you going to continue it into a series?

}}

Yup! Hopefully my next chapter will be posted today. Thank you!

*006*2014-08-17 09:01

{{:

Good job, I liked it :)

}}

Thank you!

{{:

For your first time ever writing omo this is really good! I really enjoyed it!

}}

Thanks! (:

{{:

Good story and quite plausible. Keep on writing!

}}

Thanks so much!!!

*007*2014-08-18 11:45

CHAPTER TWO

Trigger warnings for panic attacks + anxiety. it's not very graphic, but it's always good to be prepared! feedback is appreciated (:

###

The first thing Callum does when he gets home is shower.

He tiptoes up the stairs, grabs a pair of sweatpants and an old t-shirt, and quickly locks himself in the bathroom.

He spends around half an hour under the warm spray, trying to get the humiliating events that happened earlier in the day out of his mind. His thoughts are disrupted when he hears a soft knock on the door.

"Cal, is that you?" he hears his mother ask.

"Uh, yes mom, I'm coming out in a bit." he mumbles, turning off the shower spray and grabbing a towel off the rack. His abdomen hurts a lot and he doesn't know what to do to make the pain go away.

"Hi kiddo," his mother, Jamie, says. "How was camp?" she asks, and Callum's blood runs cold.

He doesn't know how to tell her that he pissed his pants on the way back.

"It was good. It was um, fun, I guess."

"Did you meet anybody?"

"Yeah," Callum says, fiddling with his thumbs. "I met lots of people."

"So does that mean we'll be seeing new faces around the house? Jamie asks, smiling. Ever since she and her husband had Callum, they've been waiting for him to open up to having new friends. He was always such a nervous child and she didn't know why.

He stiffens before shrugging. "M'not sure." He didn't really have much friends. For some reason, he would clam up every time somebody new would try to talk to him unless they approached him without any intimidation. "I don't know."

Jamie sighs and rubs his back."Cal, you're sixteen. It's unhealthy for you to be this introverted. Do you wanna talk about anything?"

Callum flinches a bit - he doesn't really know how to explain it to his mom. He loves her a lot, but he feels absolutely embarrassed because what kind of teenager can't make friends? He feels tears begin to well up in his eyes and he swallows thickly to keep them down.

"What's wrong, Cal?"

"Nothing," he sighs, rubbing his stomach. It hurts and aches from all the holding he did earlier and he feels so stressed out and upset and angry at himself and he just wants to go to sleep and not wake up for ten years. "I'm just tired - can I go to bed now?"

Jamie is not convinced - but she knows that Callum isn't gonna open up. She and her husband are already considering taking him to a doctor or a counselor just to see what's going on with the quiet and extremely shy sixteen year old boy. She sighs and pulls him in for a hug. "I love you, Cal. Don't be afraid to talk to me or dad when he comes back from his business tri[ - you can talk to us about anything, okay?"

"Okay."

When his mom shuts the door, Callum collapses on his bed and tries to take deep breaths. He feels so upset and humiliated and mortified and his stomach hurts and he just feels bad. He closes his eyes and rolls over, holding and rubbing his abdomen as he tries to fall asleep.

He does.

###

He wakes up in the middle of the night feeling disoriented and uncomfortable. He tries to sit up to check the time and when he does, he freezes. He slowly lifts his navy blue blanket up to pray that something just spilled, but he's wrong again because he actually wet the bed.

This time, Callum can't hold back the tears.

What is going on with me? Callum thinks as he cries into his hands, feeling degraded and upset with himself. He's been so stressed over school and his anxiety and apparently, it decided to take a toll on his mind and body as well, and now he's understanding the consequences.

His breathing hitches and increases and his head starts to feel light and he knows that something is wrong. His relaxed facade begin to falter and he can't find enough oxygen and by this point, he's terrified, and he ends up stumbling to his parents' room to find comfort there despite his very very damp lower body.

"Mom," he wheezes, tears falling down his face, his hands shaking - his mom jumps out of bed almost automatically and she is immediately by his side, holding him.

"Shh, baby, you're okay," his mom says, rubbing his back. "Try to steady your breathing, alright? You're having a panic attack, and that's okay because it happens, and you're not alone. Try to take deep breaths, okay?"

Callum shakes his head and buries himself into his mom's body. He can't breathe - what's happening?

"Callum, look at me and try to copy my breathing," she says, grabbing his hand and placing it over her heart. "Breathe. One, two..."

It takes a while, but eventually, his panic starts to fade away, and he's left with the sheer humiliation of wet pants that smell strongly of urine.

"C'mere, honey." Callum stands up and follows his mom into the bathroom, where she begins to fill up the tub. He undresses and slips in and his mom leaves the room to give him privacy. When she comes back in, she's carrying an extra pair of pajamas, a towel, and hot cocoa. He's still a bit shaky, his energy drained. Jamie can't help but notice that he looks just like a little kid.

"Let's go back to bed."

Callum looks up and shakes his head. He doesn't want to wet the bed again. He's sixteen.

"Cal, You have to sleep. Wanna sleep in my room?"

This time, he nods. He feels heat rush up to his cheeks, but he does his best to ignore it - he feels vulnerable and upset and he needs company right now. He slowly lays down on one side of the bed, and his mother lays down beside him, giving him a quick embrace.

When Callum falls asleep, his mother dials the number of his father.

"Mark, I think his anxiety is getting worse," Jamie mumbles. "He wet the bed - he's clearly stressed about something, but he doesn't want to tell me anything. Should we arrange for a therapist soon?"

Jamie listens to her husband give advice and she starts collecting numbers for counselors and doctors to come help her kid. Hopefully, his wetting the bed will be a one time thing.

But things are never that simple.

###

Hope you all enjoyed. pls leave feedback (:

*009*2014-08-20 04:20

{{:

Great series so far! The story on the bus was great description.

}}

Ahh thank you!!!

*012*2014-09-13 03:23

{{:

Ooooooh loved it!

}}

Thank you!

{{:

Ah this is so cute!

}}

Thanks :)

*014*2014-09-16 12:01

CHAPTER THREE

Sorry for the wait! feedback is appreciated x

###

When Callum wakes up the next morning, his eyes feel sore and painful. He sits up and rubs his face with one hand, trying to wake himself up. Whatever happened last night is passing by him in a big blur and he tries his best to remember all the details.

Suddenly, a wave of desperation rushes through his entire abdomen and he grabs the front of his pants (which are slightly damp) tightly. "Fuck," he mumbles, crawling out of bed and waddling to the bathroom.

He struggles with the string of his sweatpants, trying to bring them down before he completely wets himself all over the floor. He grabs his crotch and crosses his legs back and forth, whimpering at the pressure in his abdomen. He runs around the bathroom, jumping up and down, while trying to undo the knot on his sweats as quickly as possible.

He starts to pee and he panics, letting go of his rapidly soaking crotch and trying to pull down the sweats without undoing the knot. It takes a few seconds, but he does, and he aims and pees forcefully into the toilet bowl.

Callum frowns. This never happened before, and his stomach is still really painful. His sweats are soaked until above his knee and he sighs in irritation, shrugging it off as him being half asleep. He steps in the shower and tries to calm himself down so he won't feel as stressed.

As soon as Callum steps out of the bathroom, he starts walking downstairs. He sees a note on the kitchen table, but no sign of his mom.

"Letting you sleep in today. No school today since you need to rest from camp. There's food in the fridge xxx love mum"

Callum looks at the clock. It's 11:14, and he's starving, so he decides to eat a little bit of brunch. He goes back upstairs and he falls back asleep until nearly 1 in the afternoon. He uses the bathroom again and sits down at his desk, getting some of his homework done.

It's 7:00 when Callum's mother and father come home, and he jumps up to greet them.

"Hi daddy," he says into his chest, embracing his father tightly. "Missed you."

"Missed you too, Cal," his dad, Mark, mumbles into his hair. "How are you?"

"Stressed and tired," Callum mumbles tiredly, pulling away from him to greet his mother. "Hi mom."

"Hey, sweetie. Are you feeling better?"

He blushes and nods quickly. "Uh, yeah - sorry."

"It's fine honey, why don't we have dinner then you can go to bed? Classes start again tomorrow."

"Okay." Callum replies, freaking out a little on the inside about having to sleep earlier. He doesn't really want to wet the bed again and even though it was a one time thing, he's still stressed.

They have dinner, and Callum doesn't touch his drink.

When he gets to bed, he takes deep breaths inside the bathroom, trying not to have another panic attack. "It's okay." He tries to tell himself, but it doesn't seem to be working.

He tells himself it will all be okay and that he's being paranoid, but when he falls asleep and when he wakes up at quarter to 2 in the morning soaked and upset, he realizes that something may be wrong with him - and that thought makes him extremely upset.

*017*2014-10-12 11:44

{{:

You keep the tense of the story refreshingly consistent. Also you've given us a slow build up, developing Callum from a lonely kid to someone with a crippling anxiety problem. I can't wait to read more of this.

}}

Thanks!

{{:

I hope you continue this. It's very good.

}}

Thank you x

{{:

Yay! I'm seriously loving this one, can't wait to read more! Great chapter!

}}

Thank you :)

*018*2014-10-12 12:19

CHAPTER FOUR

Sorry it took so long. reviews are appreciated! (: xx

###

"And how are you feeling today, Callum?"

Callum blinks slowly and looks back up. He sees an elderly lady staring at him with kind eyes, and he blinks again. Oh, that's right. He's in a therapist's office.

"Callum?"

"Sorry," he croaks out, rubbing his eyes with the back of his hand. "Okay, I guess. Tired."

"From what?" His therapist - Doctor Jane - asks softly, no judgement in her voice.

"Everything. I don't know. I just, can't seem to deal with anything right," he mumbles.

"People have different ways of dealing with things, Callum. Sometimes, the stress affects our bodies as well, do you know what I mean?"

Callum's face blushes a bright red. Of course he knows what she means! He hasn't had a dry night in weeks, and his panic attacks are becoming more constant. School is so stressful and Liam's constant concern makes him feel inferior even though he knows it shouldn't. He feels like shit.

Doctor Jane sighs. "You don't have to tell me anything you don't want to, okay? But it'll help. And the products I recommended to your parents work really well, trust me."

Callum looks up and knows that she's talking about diapers and he should be embarrassed, but for some reason, he trusts her. She gives off a very trustworthy vibe and he really really wants to open up, but he won't allow himself, even though his parents told her about the bedwetting and the anxiety and everything. He's too much of a burden, anyway. He just nods and fiddles with the bottom of his sweater, biting his bottom lip.

They continue their session (Callum listens as she talks, mostly. She gives him really good advice, but he's still ashamed and wary of the whole situation so he just nods and stays silent at some points.) and they talk about completely random things to take Callum's mind of the stress, and he has to admit, it works a bit. Doctor Jane is very sweet and kind, and he feels at ease when he's with her, but he still feels terrible and stressed. His head hurts and he hasn't had a proper rest in weeks and it makes him want to cry about almost everything.

Eventually, their session ends and the part Callum dreads to most approaches. His parents thank Doctor Jane and hug him, then they're off to a drugstore to buy a bunch of "incontinence products," but he knows that they're really diapers. As if his ego wasn't bruised enough, right? He feels horrible, so he doesn't move from his seat in the car when they stop in front of the store.

"We're here, sweetie." his mom Jamie says quietly, while his dad turns off the car engine. "Come on."

Callum shakes his head and crosses his arms. He is not going down. Not when he's about to buy diapers since he can't even control his own bladder. "No thanks." He says stiffly, anger seeping through his tone. He can't do this.

His dad sighs. "Bud, don't do this please. We're doing this to help."

Callum shakes his head again and he tries to blink away the frustrated tears threatening to fall. He blinks quickly, but a few tears slip out and he hates himself a lot.

"Cal," his mom sighs, embracing him. He protests for a moment before laying his head on her shoulder, completely overwhelmed. He cries quietly, feeling bad about himself as his mom whispers comforting things in his ear. "You know nobody's going to judge you, right sweetie? You can't control it. It's not your fault."

He doesn't know how long he cries - it could be minutes or hours - but he eventually pulls away and wipes his eyes with the sleeves of his sweater. He doesn't know how he's gonna survive this trip, but it's now or never. He takes a deep breath and unbuckles his seatbelt before climbing out of the car and hiding behind his dad and as they quietly enter the drugstore and head to the incontinence section, his stomach starts to hurt.

"What's your size, bud?" Mark asks, and Callum shrugs. "Small or medium?" He shrugs again and his parents sigh once more. They've been doing that a lot lately.

"Need any help?" A worker asks, and Callum hides his burning face in his dad's back, wanting the world to swallow him up when his dad nods and asks what size Callum would be.

"I think he's a small," the pretty worker says, shooting Callum a reassuring smile. "Is this for daytime or nighttime?" She asks.

"Nighttime," his mom replies and Callum quietly asks his dad for the keys. When he gives them to him, he climbs in the car and covers his ears, taking deep breaths. He doesn't want to have another panic attack but he feels so overwhelmed so he lays down, closing his eyes. His parents come back shortly after and place the bag in the back of the car. His mom stays in the back with Callum, running her hand through his hair as he dozes off on the way home.

###

They have dinner in uncomfortable silence, none of them knowing what to say. Mark coughs awkwardly a few times, and Callum just picks at his chicken, too exhausted to eat. Thankfully, dinner is uneventful and soon Callum finds himself freshly showered with a towel around his waist, staring at the pack of GoodNites on his bed.

He takes deep breaths, wiping his red-rimmed eyes again. Things were never this hard. He used to just put on boxers and sweats and go to sleep, but now he has these - these things he needs to wear and his head and stomach have been bothering him for the longest time and he wants his parents. He dresses up quickly, ignoring the uncomfortable padding, and stumbles into their room and crawls in between them, covering his face with a pillow. Luckily, they don't say anything. His mom adjusts the GoodNite and rubs his back to try to get him to fall asleep - which he does in a few minutes, too emotionally shot to care that he's being treated like a fragile item. He needs the comfort right now, and he wants to stay home for another week, but he knows he can't. He skipped too many days of school, and he's dreading going back.

He hopes and prays for everything to go well the next day, wanting his life to become a little more bearable.

*020*2015-03-15 02:29

{{:

I loved this one! Would you consider continuing it?

}}

Yeah, i would! i've just been having really bad writer's block :( but yes i will continue!

*022*2015-05-03 03:42

Thanks! Next part coming soon

