Tied and desperate

Author: N564

*000*2013-10-27 23:05

A beautiful mornig, the sound of the birds, everything that I wanted was get up and pee but I couldn't. Why I couldn't? Well, I going to tell but it's a secret between you and me.

First of all I'm going to tellthe situation. In this morningI wake up and tried to get up but as soon as I open my eyes I discovered that I was tied to the bed, my arms and legs apart. At this moment I was already a little desperate to pee because last night I didn't pee before sleep.

In the right side of my bed there was a bottle full with beer, it was almost one liter. Now I began to think what was happening, and I began to ask someone help. A few minutes and my brother get into the room, I asked him what was happening and he said that I was going to drink all the beer and couldn't pee while he didn't say I could.

My brother came close to my bed and untied my arms. Instantly I tried to untie my legs but there was a lock, my brother laughted loud and said he had the keys and I didn't need to worry. I got desperate instantly and I asked him to open the locks and my brother said only if I drink the beer. I began to drink as fast as I could, after 30 minutes I was very desperate but I still could hold without dificult and I was drunk so I fell asleep. When I wake up again my arms was tied again and my brother wasn't there. I don't know exactly but almost 3 hours had passed.

Fifteen minutes after I had wake up I was desperately desperate too pee and to make it bad I couldn't cross my legs or use my hands to hold on. I started to shake in the bed trying to untie the bounds. At this moment my bladder was more than full and I began to squirt a few drops of pee. Since I was almost peeing my self I cryed for help but no one came to save me and more and more drops are coming out. Iwas almost losing the control, but I could stop it for a while.

My bladder and pussy were hurting and I could fell the warm pee in my panties. This was making me more desperatly and at the same time I felt horny what was making me more desperate. I thought that was the end. My brother came into the room and looked at me saying "oh you are all this wet. You're a very naught girl!". I started to cry and asked him to let me go, I was almost losing it.

My brother untied my arms and I put my hands in the croitch. He go out and I started to rub my crotch because I was very horny, at this moment I squirted again and the warm pee hit my hand. I was almost peeing my self and cumming at the same time when my brother came back. He saw me touching my self and said that I was really a naght girl and unlocked my legs instantly I crossed my legs so hard. My brother said that I was alowed to go, but I was to much desperate to get up, my bladder was bursting with waves of desperation and my pussy. Oh...it was so wet and warm.

I told my brother that I cound't get up and he looked at me and and set my legs apart. At this moment a wave hit me and I squirted again. My brother started to rub my pussy and as soon as my muscles began to crontract I started to pee and cum. I was soaked and my brother didn't stoped he made me cum again and again until I fainted with a naught smile in my face

