What's Wrong With a Squiddle Accident? (Squid Girl)

Author: Captain L

*000*2015-07-26 00:40

The salt smell in the air, sand, coarse and rough, sticking to any skin it came into contact with, a cool breeze blowing off the water. That's a beach for you, people flocked to them during the summer to absorb the sun's rays and swim in the water, it was fun. However, not all humans treated the ocean with the same innocence and reverence, because it has been used as a garbage dumping ground for decades. There have also been many incidents of large-scale oil spills causing damage to the marine ecosystems, pollution destroying coral reefs and endangering the species that relied on them, with overfishing things like sharks thrown in as well.

That's why the human civilization were long overdue for a squidvasion. Enter Squid Girl, messenger from the sea, appearing on the beaches of Japan to subdue mankind. She was mostly human from a cursory glance, but her blue hair was actually a mess of tentacles covered by a squid hat, and she could breathe underwater was well as on land. And she needed a base to call her own, with her sights set on the Lemon House by the Sea, a little beachside stand owned and run by the Aizawas, Chizuru, Eiko, and Takeru. Unfortunately, she had gotten a little carried away with a display of her squid power when she punched a hole in the wall, and now she had to work the damages off. Normally, she would not be intimidated by mere humans, but...it would not be in her best interest to piss Chizuru off, and she'd leave it at that.

Even being placed into forced servitude, Squid Girl didn't hate the Aizawas. They fed her, shrimp even, they couldn't be bad. Their biggest crime was holding her back, not allowing her to take her place as Earth's ruler, but they didn't do anything bad outside of Eiko hitting her a lot. They even let her move into their house while she was on land.

Or rather, she did. Before she had crossed a few boundaries with them by going into Chizuru's room that morning. She had hesitations about it, but she was a conqueror, she had the right to know what was being hidden from her. She just didn't expect Chizuru to find her, because she didn't hear her enter either. Technically, Chizuru never outright exiled her from the house, but she was not comfortable with the idea of being completely vulnerable during sleep when she could easily be attacked, so she was voluntarily spending the night at the Lemon.

There was just one flaw with her plan, one thing she really should have considered; the Lemon was boring when she was alone. She had no one to interact with, no one to terrorize, even the TV was broken. Yes, Squid Girl was the master of having fun by herself, but Eiko got mad at her when she played with the kitchen supplies. So she needed to find something that didn't involve someone else's property.

“Well then, I ink it's time for a swim in the sea,” she declared, grabbing her white dress and throwing it onto the serving counter, revealing the pure white one-piece swimsuit she always wore under her usual attire, befitting of an aquatic creature. She unlocked her anklets and laid them on the sand directly outside the building, right next to her boots that she also removed. Running down the beach, she jumped into the water with the extra help from the strength of her tentacles, disturbing the serenity of the ocean at night.

Squid Girl felt right at home in the water. Water was her home, yes, but it was just nice to cool off from the hot summers of Japan in the weightlessness of the ocean, even if that wasn't special since she could change her weight at will. Water also carried sound much farther than air did, so she felt in tune with the motions of the ocean and the ripples of sound waves from creatures a hundred nautical miles away. The moon was also reflecting off the surface and lighting up the night, Squid Girl thought that was pretty.

She could honestly stay there all night, when she didn't have to worry about drowning in her sleep (as Goro the lifeguard had “helpfully” reminded her drowning was not a threat), but she remembered; she was alone on the beach. During the day, everyone would shoo her away from her natural curiosities, preventing her from her scouting duties of observing human culture. But now, she had the whole place to herself, and she was going to take advantage of that opening.

But first, a quick stop back at the Lemon to gather supplies. Refreshments and a weapon. Emerging from the water just as she did in her introduction, she rushed back to the stand for things to make armaments. As the water dripped off her body, she rummaged through the cabinets and drawers for materials. Or she would be, if anything was unlocked. “What the squid is going on here? Does Eiko not trust me to not touch their things?” Yeah, that's exactly what she was doing, but that was going over her head at the moment.

“So I'm not getting my tentacles on anything to assert my dominance. That's fine, I don't need any human tools to rule this beach, my squid powers will be more than enough!” She placed her hands on her hips and stood triumphantly, jumping on a table and flailing her tentacles to intimidate her foes. It worked on Nagisa.

Squid Girl did her dance of preemptive victory, until she felt a small tingle a little below her stomach. “Oop, I have to tinkle a squiddle bit.” She did a little bouncing on her heels to really drive the point home. “I should go use the potty in the back before I subjugate humanity. I can't be a slave master with a full bladder.” Jumping off the table, she made her way out of the building and around the back, a noticeable stiffness in her walk.

Squid Girl made it behind the shack, a narrow gap between the concrete barrier holding the road next to the beach up and the wooden wall of the stand. The more private area housed two showers for beachgoers to wash the salt water off and two single-stall toilets/changing rooms, one for each gender. Obviously, she reached for the girl's room handle and pulled it, only for it to give a centimeter before refusing to budge any further.

“Huh? What the squid is going on here?” She gave the handle a few more tugs, but it still would not open. Curiosity coursing through her mind, she slowly tried the same thing with the boy's door, and to her dismay, she received the same result. It couldn't be a stuck door on both of them, that was statistically improbable, which meant...”Why the squid is everything locked? Didn't they know I was going to be staying here tonight?”

Now Squid Girl was trotting in place, her need getting more urgent, and she looked at the doors again with a different mind's eye. They, much like the housing around them, were made of a thin and flimsy wood, weak enough that her tentacles could easily break it. And she was prepared to do just that, she adjusted her weight with her bracelets to give her grounding and pulled her tentacles back for elastic tension, and was about to release the trigger, until a vision flashed before her eyes. It was nothing more than Chizuru's face, her normally closed eyes staring into her very soul. That was all Squid Girl needed to see to never try this idea. She was already trapped here because of a broken wall, who knows how much longer her sentence would be with a door?

“What are they expecting me to do all night if I don't have a bathroom? I need one now!” She needed an idea soon, because she was getting close to the point of being considered “desperate”. She panicked, she could not come up with anything. Back when she lived in the ocean, using the water was the solution, the way things were done, but now she had heard humans be berated for dirtying the water by doing the same thing. With that knowledge, Squid Girl couldn't bring herself to do it, no matter how commonplace it was before she came to the surface.

“Wait, why am I so worried,” Squid Girl asked aloud. “I can't let my need to piddle get the better of me, I need to be composed to be accepted as the supreme ruler. I just have to hold it until morning, that can't be too hard.” She said it, but she didn't believe it. There was no choice, she had to be strong, even if her tentacles were acting on their own and meandering their way to between her legs to aid in the holding.

###

An hour later, Squid Girl was stationed on Goro's lifeguard chair to oversee her kingdom, but she was not comfortable. Normally, she'd be active and loud declaring herself superior to humans and bringing as much attention to herself as she could. Instead, she was quiet as a fish, her left leg tightly crossed over the right one, two tentacles pressing right below the waist with a third rubbing her stomach, and her hands gripping the armrests of the chair to bear the pain. There was no denying it, she needed a bathroom really soon, it would be impossible to wait until morning.

“I can't hold it anymore, I need to go right now,” she cried out with no sense of modesty. If it wasn't nighttime, someone would be looking at her strangely. Maybe they were, it really wasn't that late, the sun had only been down for a little bit, all the more reason for Squid Girl to doubt her abilities. Well, at least her bathroom abilities.

She was hurrying, though she didn't know where she could go, and she jumped from the chair's height in her haste. That was a bad idea, as she realized when her feet met the sand with a shock. She had turned her weight down from earlier, but not to a low enough level that she wouldn't feel the impact. Her teeth clenched together as she shook in the torment her body was imposing on her, forcing her to fall to her knees and press twelve appendages into her crotch to hold on to the best of her abilities, because she needed the help. “Agh...I gotta go I gotta go I gotta go I gotta go!”

Squid Girl trembled and cried, and it looked like she was going to fail. She couldn't see it, but she certainly felt the moisture building on her palms and the heads of her tentacles. She gripped harder, hurting herself even more, for the tiny hope it would help even the slightest. And she had pleased some deity, because it succeeded. Obviously, her condition was still critical, but she had some time now and she couldn't waste it. Carefully, she used two of her tentacles to stand her up, some of the sand on her legs falling off while the rest remained stuck to her skin. There was no subtlety (not that she ever had any), she was just running as fast as she could back to the Lemon with her hands between her thighs and her tentacles flailing, shouting “I'm gonna leak!”

Somehow, she made it into the alcove where the washclosets were without further incident, but she still had the major issue of the locked door. She hadn't thought of what she would do at this point, it was still a very big dead end. All she could do was pound on the door and yelling through tears, “Please open up! I can't hold it anymore, I need to go right now!”

The thought of busting the door open occurred to her again, and it was a lot more tempting this time around, but she still couldn't bring herself to do it. Even in the midst of an emergency, she couldn't face Chizuru's fury. Her ire was worse than any accident she could have, no matter how much was about to pour out of her, and it really was about to. Squid Girl was just waiting for it to happen, holding it off as long as she could manage, even if the result would be the same.

Her current location was not even close to helping. Yeah, the knowledge that there was just a piece of wood between her and a toilet was terrible, but it was also horrible to see the shower heads just above her squid hat a few feet to her side. She had never used the showers when their purpose was to wash the ocean water she so enjoyed off, but she knew what they did from observation, and all she could picture right now was the streams of water running out and splashing off the wooden flooring, soaking into the sand just behind it. A slight whine echoed in her throat and mouth as she was forced to think about the shower and couldn't get it out.

“The shower...it uses water, it's a private place in the house, I can use it the same way as a potty!” It was a stretch of logic, totally, but having a bladder really about to explode means less decision making when relief is on the table. If she had full mental capacities, she also would have objected on the basis of there being no ceiling, anyone leaning over the railing for the road could see her and know exactly what she was doing, and there wasn't any shortage of people out at this time of the night in a town like this. But too late, she was already reaching up to her shoulders and pulling the straps of her one piece swimsuit down her arms one at a time, letting gravity pull it to her ankles, tentacles moving out of the way one at a time once it had reached the critical spot just above the legs, and lifting one foot out to let the other kick the suit somewhere else. Didn't matter if she was in a public location, she was nude now and didn't care.

There was no time to waste, Squid Girl was under the shower head in a mere second. She wasn't going to do anything special or fancy, she just spread her feet apart a little to keep the path from her privates open as she faced the wall, and let her throbbing bladder have its release. She sighed and moaned, making a broken-up sound in the exhalation as a thick stream of black ink poured from her squiddie parts onto the comparatively soft wood beneath her feet, the force providing a natural forward arc. Yeah, ink, same as all of her other bodily fluids. She couldn't be entirely sure, but Squid Girl theorized this was not the case for humans, seeing as they referred to their business as “pee”, a term she had never heard before reaching the surface. Also, Eiko yelled at her for staining the inside of the toilet black, so human pee couldn't be as thick.

Now was not the time to think about that kind of thing, of course. She was far too busy enjoying herself splattering ink all over the shower's terrain. Not just because it was her bursting bladder emptying itself which felt so incredibly good, probably better than it had ever felt because she had never held it for so long, but she was also marking her territory. “This is it, now I'm making finway on my squidvasion! They can't argue my status here, I've made it mine!” She began imagining becoming dictator of any place she made hers through these means...except for Chizuru, who made her clean it all up. “Never mind, I won't do that!”

On the track of the negatives of what she was doing, she was paranoid of being seen. She quickly jerked her head around to both sides and above to check for peepers. No one, thankfully, but she was aware she needed to be more careful. She was also thinking about what the people she knew would do if they saw her. Not just her closest friends, either. “Ew, Cindy would want a sample. Sanae would too.” She shivered at that thought, it was very terrifying.

It was better to just focus on the task she had her tentacles on. And her ink was just about running out, the stream was losing power and sputtering some, sending tiny droplets out further to the sides. She let out a deep breath one last time for final relief as it died off completely, dripping a little directly below her. Nothing a quick shake of her hips wouldn't fix. “Now I just have to wash it off, and I'll be in the clear.” She reached a tentacle to the shower's water control, and turned it clockwise to activate.

Nothing came out. A little confused, she turned it back and forth multiple times, getting no better results. “It's not working! Did they turn this off too?!” Squid Girl was scared, she was sure to be punished if this was discovered, she had to get rid of any evidence. She took a few running steps towards the front, until she remembered she was still naked. Stretching her tentacles out, she pulled her swimsuit back and jumped into it, only taking the time to adjust it correctly before bolting inside, paying no mind to the little squish of the inky stain she made, a solid black splotch on the perfect white attire.

Only once she was in the room did she remember, everything was locked, she couldn't get to any of the cleaning supplies. That wasn't going to deter her, she ran to the sink and turned its faucets, cupping her hands under it to catch the water. The sink wouldn't turn on either, no matter how much she begged. “No no no no no! Please turn on, there's a big mess to clean up!” She leant into the sink her head sideways just a few inches from the spigot. “Please, ink stains things really easily! I need to clean it now, I can't wait until morning!” Still nothing, of course.

While it was hard to do in such a panicked state, Squid Girl needed a source of water. This never would have been a problem if she had stayed in the ocean and...”Ocean, that's it!” She was not wasting time, she ran back out into the night, grabbing as much water in her cupped hands as she could and ran back to the shower. Her tentacles didn't have the grip to carry water.

As careful as she could manage to not spill any of it, she reached her mess, which already looked to be soaking into the wood. She opened her hands and dropped the water onto the ink. Obviously, that wasn't enough, but she got down and started scrubbing with the heads of her tentacles. It would have gone a lot better with a brush. By the time she had used up all the water, most of the ink was still there, so she had to run back to the ocean and grab another handful.

About five runs later, Squid Girl was tired. The ink had barely been cleaned, but she was breathing heavy with a thumping heartbeat, up to her knees in the water. “I...I can't do this...anymore. I need to...rest.” She flopped onto her back and closed her eyes, intending to catch her breath before continuing. She wasn't a girl that would leave a job half-finished...at least if her life was on the line for it.

###

“Hey, Squid Girlie! Wake up!”

Squid Girl was jolted by the shouting, and she looked up to find the source. Daybreak happened in her sleep, and Takeru was waving an arm in the air, his other hand next to his mouth to amplify the sound. She could also see Eiko standing in the shade inside the Lemon. But no Chizuru, and while that seemed like it should have been a relief, Squid Girl was not comfortable when Chizuru was not directly in her sight.

She didn't remain hidden for long, as Chizuru poked her head out from behind the building. “Squid Girl, can you come back here for a second?”

Squid Girl started an unassuming swim back, before she realized; she never finished her washing, and now she had been discovered. She took a large gulp of fear, but continued forward. She would take her punishment, nothing less would be befitting of a future ruler.

Once she was face to face with Chizuru, she couldn't keep eye contact, even when Chizuru didn't open her eyes. There was no hiding it, she was afraid. Still, Chizuru spoke while pointing to the still there and still obvious ink. “Squid Girl, do you know anything about this mess?” Her tone was soft, but the words still bore into Squid Girl's soul.

She couldn't take the pressure. Squid Girl fell to her knees, clasping her hands in front of her face and repeatedly bowing. “I'm sorry, Chizuru, I couldn't help it! I had to go really bad, the bathrooms were locked, and the shower and the sink didn't work either! I tried washing it off with ocean water, but it was taking so long because everything else was locked and I couldn't get a bucket or anything so I had to use my hands to get the water but I got tired and fell asleep! I'll clean it now, I promise!”

Chizuru looked between Squid Girl and her mess a few times. She seemed sincere, but Chizuru needed to know if Squid Girl was telling the truth, so she pulled the handle to the nearest bathroom door. It didn't open. She also turned the handle on the shower, and no water came out. “Everything should have been open, we knew you were staying here last night. Eiko, did you lock everything up before we left yesterday?”

There was a second of silence before Eiko responded, quieter than she should have been to ensure she was heard. “Yeah, I did. Forgot that Squid Girl wasn't coming with us. What did she do?”

“Just come back here with a bucket and soap, turn the water on too! There's a mess that needs to be cleaned up! You don't have to worry about it, Squid Girl. I'm sorry that you had to do this.”

Squid Girl was in shock. Chizuru was showing mercy, that's something she couldn't have predicted. But she still needed to answer, lest she incur wrath now. “Y-yeah, it was really bad. I swear, I didn't want to do it, I didn't have a choice anymore.”

“I believe you. Let's just get the Lemon ready for opening.” Eiko appeared from the corner with a bucket. Squid Girl walked past her, and right as Chizuru passed Eiko, she whispered, “Just don't think about what it is, it'll be easier that way.”

*002*2015-07-28 00:20

{{: 

Perhaps most of the readers are like me, reluctant to post when all they can think of are generic praises. Did quite enjoy how the author handled "ink as pee" and Squid Girl freaking out over it staining the shower stall. Wish there were more stories involving girls with exotic pee being desperate and/or having accidents.

}}

I figured the reason was because, even with the recent jump in popularity thanks to Splatoon, not many people watched Squid Girl, and there's no reason to read a fanfic of something you don't know. Shame, it's a great show. But having nothing more than generic praise could also be the reason, I feel a comment of "good" is a waste even if it's nice.

I appreciate the praise nevertheless, of course.

