Risk versus reward: Chad's longest day ... (Part I)

Author: chad_e_hilton

*000*2013-07-25 12:19

Hi all,

I am brand new to this wonderful forum, so thought I would include a very brief introduction ahead of my first fiction offering below.

I am a 35 year old straight male from the UK, whose interests are around desperation and holding. While I mainly enjoy seeing female desperation in its many forms - the majority of my creative output (I am a budding author of sorts), tends to centre around Male holding, usually combined with bondage, and/or a challenge/endurance test scenario ... hopefully as I begin to post more of my writings you'll all get the idea!

Anyway, this is the first part of a story about a character (Named after myself, but largely fictitious), who has to hold his pee all day, while his girlfriend is at work ... with a few extra twists along the way! Hope you all enjoy, and any comments or feedback are always hugely appreciated.

Chad.

Risk versus Reward: Chad's longest day ... (Part I)

To an outside observer, the way in which Chad Hilton chose to spend many of his days off from work, would seem bizarre at best, if not downright crazy!

The fact that Sarah, his long term girlfriend, not only tolerated, but actively facilitated his fetish, made their relationship all the more unique - or weird, as most 'normal' folk would no doubt term it.

But their relationship was a happy and healthy one, and all their indulgences took place behind closed doors without affecting others, so, Sarah rationalised as she put the finishing touches to her make-up in the bathroom mirror - whose right was it to question their activities?

With a final glossy pout of her lips at her own reflection, Sarah turned on the spot and strode briskly back along the landing to their bedroom.

"Nearly time Chad - have you finished your emails and stuff?"

"Yeah baby - Just gimme two minutes and I'm done", Chad shouted back from the home office.

"Oh no big guy", Sarah chided from the bedroom doorway.

"Today is gonna run like clockwork - to the minute - you understand? Now get up here pronto ... I'm leaving at 8:30 on the dot ok?"

Sarah heard the sound of the office PC being put into sleep mode almost immediately, and a matter of seconds later, Chad appeared at the top of the stairs, meeting Sarah's gaze with a wry grin.

"About time honey ... anyone would think you didn't wanna do this thing", Sarah chirped.

"Anyway, I have a little surprise for you this morning, so let's get going!", she added with a mischeivous grin on her face.

They both knew the drill that followed - after all, they'd done it now on dozens of occasions. Chad took off his dressing gown and hung it on the back of the bedroom door, before sitting on the edge of the bed alongside Sarah.

"Er ... I think you've forgotten something Mister ...", Sarah interjected with one eyebrow raised.

Momentarily, Chad look confused - genuinely unsure what she was referring to.

"The boxers! Don't forget - I'll be checking in on the webcam from work, and I like to see a good show! Naked ... it's what we agreed yeah?"

Chad didn't speak, but simply slid off his boxer shorts with a visible air of resignation ... in all honesty, he was still a little unsure about his predicament being beamed out of the house via webcam anyway, and so being completely naked only added to his unease - but, the truth was, that if he wanted Sarah to continue making his fetish dreams a reality, then he had little choice but to agree to her terms. In addition, he had to concede that part of the reason for Sarah setting up the webcam system was purely for safety - although her office was around fifteen miles from the house, she could at least keep a constant check on Chad via the live stream to ensure he was ok, and contact the emergency services if there was ever a problem.

"8:15 baby - You'd better hurry up!", Chad teased as Sarah hurriedly began securing him to the bed.

"That's why I bought these quick fix cuffs remember - There! How's that?"

Sarah pushed herself off the bed with one knee and stood back to admire the result of her efforts.

Chad was now spreadeagle on their king-size bed. Thick leather cuffs secured each wrist and each ankle to a corner with short steel chains.

Chad tested his bonds by pulling each of them and trying to move as much as he could.

"Think you'll have enough 'wriggle room' baby", Sarah enquired, now with a noticeably wicked grin.

"I'll be fine babe ... I always am!" Chad replied with a cocksure demeanour that was as much a part of their play as the restraints themselves.

"Ok ... look I gotta go in a few minutes, so drink up quickly and I can go and fetch your surprise"

Sarah opened the bottle of water that had been waiting on the bedside table since last night, and held it to Chad's lips as he dutifully drank it dry.

"There - that should give you a little something to think about later, along with the coffee and juice from breakfast of course!"

"Stay there baby!" Sarah laughed as she dashed out of the bedroom and into the storage cupboard on the landing. She reappeared almost instantly with a small cardboard box in her hands.

"I got these online honey - I know you're gonna love them!", Sarah said, while excitedly unpacking the box's contents onto the foot of the bed.

Chad was genuinely curious and somewhat on edge as he strained his head to try and see what it was that Sarah had bought.

"What is it babe - what are they??", Chad questioned as Sarah now removed two smaller packing sleeves from the box.

"Thigh straps Chad! Aren't they great!?" Despite being in her early thirties and dressed in the manner of the legal professional she was, Sarah suddenly resembled a schoolgirl opening presents on Christmas morning!

"I figured since you always seem to make it, no mater how difficult we make the conditions - it couldn't hurt to make things even more challenging from now on! These fellas will stop all that silly jiggling and squirming you do with your thighs by the time I get home.

Chad didn't respond, and instead just flaked his head back on the pillow and stared upwards for a moment.

"What's the matter Chad - worried you won't be able to cope with having your thighs restrained??"

"It's cool", was Chad's decidedly flat response.

"Ok then ... whoa - 2 minutes - I gotta be outta here then or I'll hit the traffic - Let's see how these things fit ..."

The straps were made out of thick leather like the ankle and wrist cuffs, but were actually a pair of double-straps - connected to a single chain by a tether point in the middle. The upper strap went around the widest part of Chad's thigh - along the same line as the hip crease - the lower one, fitted snugly a few inches above the knee.

Once Sarah had both sets of restraints in place, she knelt down at the side of the bed to secure the chains to its base. It was at this point that Chad fully realised the difference that Sarah's surprise purchase was going to make! Obviously he was hopelessly exposed, and it did feel as if Sarah had somehow spread his legs wider than ever before, but more than that - now that his legs were not only anchored at the feet - but also the knees and the thighs, he was truly immobile ... for the first time since beginning these games over a year ago, Chad was seriously considering asking for 'out'.

"Wow - they are so cool aren't they!" Sarah beamed from ear to ear.

"Ooh - 8:32! I gotta run honey ... I'll log on to the webcam straight after my morning meeting", with that she slung her handbag over her shoulder, and lent down to kiss Chad goodbye. As she pulled her lips away, and with Chad's mind still racing as to whether he should quit now before his chance to be released was gone - she reached down with her hand and gently cupped Chad's privates - the coldness of her touch causing an involuntary twitch.

"Good luck you guys", She said - as if now addressing his cock and balls as a seperate entity.

"You're gonna have one hell of a tough day at the office!"

With that, she dashed down the stairs and out the front door, locking it behind her. As the engine noise from the car changed from reverse to forward gear, Chad listened to his freedom drive away.

To be continued ...

*003*2013-08-01 14:48

Hi Guys

Thanks for the responses, and glad to hear you like the story so far. I have made a draft of Part II, but I am away on holiday until the end of next week, so I promise to get it edited and posted as soon as I can on my return!

Chad.

[email protected]

PS I saw on your profile hskittles that you're a fan of Sherlock ... I'm from the UK, and just wanted to mention that I'm totally with you on that ... amazing show!

