Sarah and Aaron: Roadtrip Desperation

Author: kgirl17

*000*2017-06-01 00:45

Might be a little lengthy but any comments are welcome.

Flowers blossomed into vivid shades around campus, but no one could enjoy it for the muggy heat. Although, there was a sense of electricity carried by every student. Specifically, Sarah and Aaron. It was summer.

The couple was closing their sophomore year of college out in South Carolina, and would soon be headed to the Grand Canyon as the first vacation they would take together.

Sarah was keeping her apartment over the summer, while Aaron had to move out of the dorms today.

"I think that is everything," He remarked. Boxes were stacked in the corner of Sarah's bedroom. A mini fridge jutting out of the doorway. A pile of hanging clothes flung over the bed. "We could go ahead and clean this up some more if you would like?"

Sarah's body was nearly jittery from the urge take his clothes off now, not later in a hotel. That auburn hair and those chocolate eyes didn't help either. "Hm?" She hummed.

"Want to clean the mess?" He replied.

Her arm flung out, around the room, "This? No. Don't worry. My door is going to be shut for the next two and half weeks. Madison and Lane won't bother anything. Now let's hit the road."

He nodded in agreement. Aaron used the restroom while Sarah said goodbye to her roommates. They then met the luggage that was already waiting in the car.

Thirty minutes down the road Aaron eased the blaring music to talk to Sarah who had propped her legs onto the dash and was DJing, "Since it's already 2:30, I think our best bet is to find a hotel on the other side of Atlanta."

"Why on the other side?" She wondered curiously. She didn't know much about geography. This would be the first long road trip she had been on since she was fifteen.

"Atlanta is huge and the traffic is terrible. If we get to the other side we can wake up bright and early but miss the morning traffic," He explained.

She nodded, still sidetracked from his muscular arms. Her hand wrapped around his. His thumb rubbed her knuckle and she melted.

The bliss lasted for a long time. Until the monstrous Atlanta came into view. They had barely made it on the outskirts when the standstill started. For as long as she could see traffic was stopped, not moving any.

Aaron stretched and for the first time in over an hour they weren't touching at all, "we didn't miss the afternoon traffic." A glance confirmed it was 4:40, "It just started. This is going to be awhile."

Sarah isn't sure if it had been there warning her for a long time. Or if it had just started. She had her legs crossed already, so it had probably been creeping up on her.

Now, stopped and backed up in traffic, it hit her. All at once there was a sensory overload. The pressure on her bladder was immense. Her water bottle long ago emptied. Her legs now tensing as her urethra screamed for relief.

Her brain scrambled in circles. Aaron kept blabbering, but it took all her concentration to not hold herself.

"Well?" He asked her a question. What had he said?

"Uhh..." She stammered. Her bladder spasmed, and with horror she reached toward her crotch. Breathing deeply, she rested the hand on her thigh.

"When we finally get through here, do you want to stop for food or just get room service?" His voice floated through.

"Whatever you want. Probably stop, it will be che-eaper. When do you think that will be?" She managed to make out.

I should just tell him. But what if he freaks out? I shouldn't tell him because he can't do anything, we are stuck. But I trust him and I know him enough...

"Okay that sounds good. It'll probably be another hour, I'm not sure though. Top hits or eighties? Oh, bug." He laughed at their silly car game.

When Sarah remained quiet, clearly trapped in her own world, he glanced over.

At the realization of what was going on a smile almost hinted at the edge of his lips. He knew that Sarah wasn't into this kind of thing from the party, but he was.

"I need to use the restroom," She let out.

I wonder how badly? Popped into his head. At this point he calculated it was bad because he could tell by looking.

She was tensed. Legs crossed at an oddly tight angle. Wearing a bewildered look with squinted brows.

It was further confirmed a second later as she squirmed in her seat, her lips pouting and face embarrassed.

Sarah was in the worse predicament she had ever been in. Her bladder was bursting, these liquids sloshing around were soon going to overflow.

Pink crept up in her cheeks as she told Aaron and remained as she had to wiggle in her seat to hold back the flood.

But it wasn't giving up, waves of desperation racked her. The pressure built. Her urethra tingled on fire.

If I leak, she thought, I might not be able to stop. I can't leak.

"What can I do?" Aaron asked.

She half shrugged, repositioning her legs. Oh no! She tensed her pelvic muscles, too late. She wedged herself in her seat loosing a bit more before clamping off the flow.

Aaron saw the shock pass over her face, biting her lip. "If you need to, uh, hold. I mean... feel free." He turned his body slightly in the other direction.

"I don't, it, um, it's not that bad," She stuttered out, knowing that it was.

Another minute passed before she caved. Aaron saw it out of the corner of his eye.

She uncrossed her legs, keeping her thighs together the whole time. Her legs jiggle up and down, and there was a barely audible noise between a whimper and moan. Her hand resting on her lower thighs slid up between her legs.

Is she loosing it? He wondered, but couldn't get the courage to ask.

The traffic inched forward and stopped again.

"Do you think there's somewhere on one of these exits to get off?" Sarah asked desperately, thrashing and bouncing in her seat.

This is a loosing battle, she thought. There's so much, I have to go so bad... please, please don't leak.

"Maybe, I'm not sure which exit or if the traffic would be bad trying to get off," Aaron replied. He realized that it would be okay with him if they didn't find a bathroom. But at the thought of how Sarah would feel, he picked up his phone to Google it.

"I hope there's somewhere," Her voice sounded small and quivered slightly. The effort to hold was beginning to make her sweat. She didn't know how much longer she could wait, but she had to try, right?

"Well, I found a couple. Looks like there will be the least traffic up the road. About 4 more miles." At this point they had made it three miles in thirty minutes.

Sarah was calculating as Aaron continued, "Maps says it will be about twenty five minutes."

"That's great," She replied full of sarcasm. "Ugh," She grunted.

Another five minutes passed and they were finally creeping along, Sarah figured it would be doubtful if she made it anywhere dry.

In response her pelvic muscles failed and more creeped out, dampening her underwear.

She tightened her grip, not sure that is was helping much, and bobbed up and down. It was jut a drop, it's okay, you've got this, she cheered herself on.

Two exits later, and beyond bursting her muscles throbbing and bladder quivering she leaked.

She whimper, tearing up, as Aaron looked over. "Hey," He murmured gently, "it's okay."

"But I," she protested her hand jiggling.

Aaron continued, "I'm not upset or anything, as soon as this is over we never have to talk of it again. And it won't make me love you any less, I promise," He added. He enjoyed this but seeing her in pain was enough. They need to be getting to a bathroom now.

They were in the right hand land and Aaron spotted a truck spot right off of the next exit.

"I'm going there," He pointed. They weren't far from being able to take the exit.

I can wait that long for sure. But setting herself up for relief was almost to much when her bladder cried in agony.

Her jeans were now damp, much more and there would be now holding back.

She counted seconds and squirmed and wiggling her all her might every thirty seconds.

Then they were there. The bathrooms were less than thirty feet away she could see the sign from the window.

"I don't, I don't know if I can," She started not moving.

Aaron smiled warmly, seemingly not phased by this, "You can, just go, it's alright."

She nodded hurriedly walking and jogging into the bathroom loosing some on the way.

Aaron got out of the car and retrieved her jacket before going to the bathroom himself.

He was waiting her Sarah exited, her face flushed. He handed her the jacket, but didn't comment as she tied it around her waist. He knew.

"Thank you," She said once they were back in the car.

He nodded, this time picking up her hand to hold.

If you would like to see more of Sarah and Aaron let me know. I have one previous story posted already.

