Tales From the Rochester

Author: HerpSlurp

*000*2015-09-23 01:02

Hey. This is an idea I've been brewing for a while now, and felt like writing some stuffs for it. This, of course, is the gateway piece into it. If you like it, don't like it, want to know more, or want to write a piece of your own in this universe, feel free to leave a comment and such.

###

The Rochester 13 is definitely a theater to behold. Located in scenic San Francisco, California, It's got all the furnishings a theater needs: multiple screens, multiple 3D capable projectors, decked-out concession stand, decent arcade with classics, three flippedy IMAX screens, AC, and some of the cleanest changing tables in the state.

If that last thing I mentioned sounded weird, allow me to explain. In this world, for lack of better phrasing, people got fed up with the idea of having to leave a movie to go use the restroom. So, theaters (the Rochester being one of the first) decided to do the most logical thing by chopping up prices, and making thick, stretchy, highly absorbent diapers and popcorn and sodas secretly laced with hyper-laxatives a new fixture of the theatergoing experience for not only patrons....but for employees as well.

###

Penny is your average, everyday 16-year-old African-American girl. She's not too tall, not too short, not too skinny, but not too fat. She's got her friends, she's got school, and as of two weeks ago, a job at the Rochester 13 as a "Concessions Associate."

I mean, it's basically a fancy term for "guy who sells popcorn and stuff," but considering that this is the famous Rochester theater...it's not to be taken lightly.

Yeah, the uniform, consisting of a film strip "bow" and a onesie with a fake button-up shirt and dark red "blazer" that formed the bottom of the thing with yellow star buttons was embarassing...

And the manditory diapers that were thick and poofy enough to keep her waddling like a 2-year-old and, in her case, had a light red "film strip" trim, tapes, wasteguards, and tape landing zone (with her name on it, written in cutesy letters and practically unseen due to being covered up by her onsie) that she was required to wear...and use...

Regardless, it wasn't the most dignified work, but it paid well, and employees got free movies, popcorn, and diaper changes!

And most of the time, she was able to go off and do her "dooty" without anybody seeing....unlike that one time...

It was a Saturday afternoon. Traffic for the concession stand was high, seeing as the latest in some sci-fi movie Penny wasn't the least bit intrigued in was coming out, in addition to some animated family flick that, much like the previous film, she wasn't interested in.

So far, it had been a normal day. Help people get their stuff, refill the butter dispensers and salt shakers every now and again, and try not to look like a toddler as you waddle over to the popcorn machine. Penny's mom had forgotten to pack her a lunch that day, so she had mainly been sneaking some of the popcorn and occasionally getting a drink. She had managed to not need much maintenance in terms of her diapers that day, only getting a change into one when she got to work that day.

She had been on a roll that day, getting customer after customer, and not missing a beat, until she started to feel an immediately recognizable pressure in her stomach.

She had to poop. Badly.

A slight tingle in her tummy signifies that her snacks were about to help her ease her worries. She takes a deep breath, clearing her mind as a loudly muffled fart escapes her butt and gets absorbed by the thick butthug proudly displaying her name on the front for no one to see.

She puts a hand on the counter separating herself from the thickly padded mother and daughter before her, waiting anxiously for their refreshments before going off to the screening room and, in a matter of time, finding themselves in a very similar situation to Penny.

The mother gives an odd face at Penny, who has put on a false smile to reassure the woman that she's only taking a moment to get their popcorn. The daughter stands impatiently, shifting her weight from one foot to the other, her fresh and poofy padding displaying a character or two from the animated flick that just hit the Rochester.

Penny slightly waddles out of view of the mother and daughter, as another fart rips it's way from her butt, blarting it's way into the protective pampers that were about to fulfill their mushy destiny.

Her arms go limp as she gives a sigh of relief. A steady stream of urine starts frolicking out of the girl and into her enormous Luv's, thirstily gulping up the pee and starting to expand. Her onsie starts to rustle slightly as her now squishy diaper starts to sag gently.

Then, it starts coming out. Her onsie starts to tighten up as the hot, smelly gunk started rolling out and into her thick, white padding. Audible crinkling comes from her formerly clean posterior as the mother starts giving a look of disgust. Her daughter looks up to her, asking what's going on with the lady. The mother puts a hand over her eyes.

Penny's standing there, her diaper quickly starting to occupy any open space in the bottom of her onsie as another fart is muffled by her rustling nappy. She feels her onsie tighten again, looking down to see that her bloated pampers have reached the full capacity of her onesie.

She looks behind herself, down at her soiled bottom. It feels as if she's stopped going. Maybe just push to check?

Then again, she remembered what the training video said. "If you feel like you have to do Number 2 after enjoying a complementary savory soda or a delicious bag of popcorn from the Concession Stand, just relax! No need to push! It'll all work itself out, I assure you!"

Well, surely they meant that pushing anything out afterwards was okay, right?

She hunches slightly, clenching her hands into fists as she bites her lip, and pushes. Immediately, a what-would-be deafening fart explodes into her saggy nappy, causing a slight surge of the brown smelly mush to race from her intestines like a bullet train, hitting the insides of her diaper like machine gun fire. Her diaper butt starts bulging out, especially.

She tries to stop, gently whispering worried "No's" to herself as she looks down at her diaper. Her onsie keeps tightening, as spots of her now soiled diaper start showing up below here, in between the yellow star buttons clasping it together.

The mother looks even more disgusted, her daughter pushing her guarding hand away and looking in awe at the young lady using an answering machine on nature's calls.

Penny bends over, her hands reaching for her padding, when it happens. The distinct snapping of threads signifies that her work uniform has had its' worth, finally coming undone. All of the tension in her onsie gives out as her diaper gives a distinct thud as it hits the floor, sloshing around as she turns to look at the line of padded patrons. They look in confusion as to what has happened.

She curses to herself mentally as she waddles over to the popcorn machine, her padding sloshing and squishing on the floor. She fills the theater-branded bag, and goes back to the counter, her coworker next to her trying to keep focused on he next customer.

The mother begrudgingly takes her bag, her daughter ranting and raving on whether or not her diaper could become so huge. Penny looks at the confused line of customers.

She closes the register, and starts to waddle over to the changing stations. Her loaded Luv's squished and smooshed as they slid on the floor, following the waddling teen. The flaps of her onsie gently shifted as Penny made her way to the line for the tables, the dark skin on her face blushing heavily as she realized that a new uniform was coming out of her paycheck...

....and that Mark was likely going to have to deal with the mess of the kid she just served....

.....and that she heard her tum-tum grumble like a volcano....

