[Joseph/Lenny] Sadistic Pleasures

Author: Ritsuka

*000*2011-05-12 05:23

Okay before I start with this, I originally typed this up on my itouch so I apologize if you see it before I have a chance to edit it on my computer~

So I figured I should write something, and this is an idea that had been weighing on my mind for a really long time.

Warnings : Male Omorashi/BedWetting, Slash/Yaoi, Mild Sexy Time

Onward~?

###

Joseph's eyes shot open as a sharp kick to the side jolted him from a deep sleep. He sat up and looked at the clock. 2:30 AM.

"Haa...haa..."

Joseph turned and watched as the hyperventilating blond tossed and turned uncomfortably occasionally mumbling, "Help" or "No."

"Oh my poor Lenny~," The Asian boy purred, "Such a fitful sleep, I only wonder what you are dreaming of that could make you so frightened~."

###[Lenny's Dream World]

From the shadows of an alleyway burst a small figure, followed by a much larger one. The smaller figure dashed out into the street, the lights casting an eerie glow over his body as he ran frenetically from his pursuer.

"Haa...haa..." His breaths came in short, shaky gasps, every inch of his body was screaming for him to stop and rest. He hung a hard right throwing himself through the doors of the strangely empty apartment building he and Joseph lived in. Ignoring the pain in his lungs, Lenny tore across the lobby frantically hitting the elevator button in a vain attempt at escape.

"Thought you could get away?" The lumbering figure appeared in the doorway just as the elevator doors opened. Lenny squeaked and practically flew into the elevator hitting the button to close the doors about a hundred times. The doors began to close as the man closed the gap between Lenny and himself, the blond whimpered and pressed the button to take him to the top floor. The man reached the elevator just as the doors closed. Lenny sighed in relief and collapsed against the wall, as he did he felt a sharp pang in his abdomen.

"Damn it..." He hissed watching the floor numbers as the elevator carried him up to the top floor. He sighed as the door opened. Cautiously stepping out of the elevator, he heard the pounding of heavy feet on the stairwell. He jumped back and nearly tripped on his own feet as he spun around and fled up the stairs to the roof.

###[Waking World]

Joseph watched with a sort of twisted intrigue as his lover squirmed about uncomfortably. He reached out and lightly touched the blond's face, his long fingernails dragged along the boy's jaw lightly.

"You're so beautiful..." He whispered smirking, "Whether your happy, sad, or even scared, you'll always be beautiful to me."

"Mmph! Ah!" Lenny's eyebrows furrowed in discomfort as the blond shifted his legs together, rubbing his thighs together lightly.

"Oh...are you having the problem I think you're having~?" Joseph cooed snickering lightly.

###[Lenny's Dream World]

Lenny stood at the edge of the roof staring down to the ground. No doubt the big oaf would get here soon, what was still in question was what would happen if Lenny were caught. He ran his fingers through his hair frantically as he tried to plan some course of action. His train of thought was completely lost as the big metal door crashed open revealing his hideous pursuer.

"You're cornered boy!" He bellowed and made his way toward the terrified blond. Lenny squeezed his eyes shut and ran forward ducking between the man's legs. The man let out a roar of frustration as the boy slipped through his fingers yet again.

"See ya!" Lenny called and ran down the stairs as fast as he could without falling. A sharp pang from his bladder caused him to stumble slightly, and reminded him of the true urgency of his need. He hissed as he felt the urge grow with every flight of stairs he descended and places and hand over his stomach reflexively.

###[Waking World]

Joseph watched his lover writhe on their bed with a sadistic smirk plastered onto his face.

"I do hope...that I get my show~," He sang softly, running a finger up the blond's inner thigh. The boy squirmed but leaned into the touch.

"Aaah..."

"It would be such a shame," Joseph sighed, "I'd hate to miss out on the epitome of all cuteness~."

###[Lenny's Dream World]

Lenny stumbled out into the alley behind the building. He was either going to wet himself or "have his ass claimed", or maybe both if he were that unlucky. He ducked behind some trash cans and collapsed on the ground panting. A sharp spasm in his bladder caused him to lean forward and force a hand in between his legs.

"I'll find you, you little twit!" The man growled angrily causing Lenny to jump slightly.

'Please don't find me...' Lenny though desperately, his pulse racing. He felt a spurt soak into his boxers and let out a squeak of surprise, gripping harder to regain control. The man walked around noisily looking high and low for his prey. Lenny felt another spurt trail down his member making a small wet spot on his pants. The man walked around blindly looking for the blond who began to sob quietly.

"I'VE GOT YOU NOW!" The man laughed as he found Lenny behind the trash cans and pushed him onto his back. The small boy shrieked loudly fear running though every inch of his body. He squeezed his eyes shut, a few tears rolling down his cheeks, as he felt the warmth of urine soaking into his pants.

"Lenny! Wake up!"

Lenny's eyes flew open and Joseph's face came into focus. He reached up and pulled the boy down in a tight embrace.

"I love you, I love you, I love you so much!" He whimpered, Joseph smiled softly.

"I love you too, princess~," Joseph whispered in the blond's ear and moved to a sitting position. Lenny shifted to sit up when he noticed a cold, wet feeling around his lower body. Near instantly a blush rose to his face.

"D-Did I...?" He asked, Joseph looked at him curiously,

"Did you what?" Joseph asked innocently causing Lenny's blush to darken.

"You know...Uhm...wet the bed?" He asked his voice getting softer with every word.

"Oh...yes, you did," Joseph said bluntly and nodded a few times.

"Uhm--Hey wha--Mmph?!" Lenny was cut off as Joseph pushed him back down and covered his mouth with his own. As the Asian pulled back Lenny opened his mouth to speak but Joseph beat him to it.

"And it was, without a doubt, one of the sexiest things I've ever seen in my life," He purred running his finger up the blond's thigh. The boy squeaked, blushing furiously.

"But you don't find it gross...or childish?" Lenny asked softly. Joseph just smirked.

"Gross? Not at all~," Joseph mumbled, "And if you were all mature, you wouldn't be my princess anymore~," he whispered bringing his hand up from the blond's thigh and licking his fingers. Lenny's eyes widened.

"...You liked--aaahh--it...didn't you?" Lenny asked as Joseph slipped his hand under his shirt and drew small patterns on his chest.

"Maybe I did," Joseph snickered kissing the boy deeply and wrestling the boy's tongue into submission. He pulled back slightly, "Or maybe I loved it."

###

After a long hiatus...I'm back to writing! So I apologize if this sucks massively... Dx it's 1:30 am where I am now...and I kinda want to sleep....^^~ hope you enjoyed it. Thank you for reading.

### Silvery Gender Neutrality

