Nameless Story

Author: Ranpalan

*000*2010-11-08 17:58

I'm moving all my stories away from AGD, so here's another. Not my best work, but want to keep it somewhere.

###

The importance of gender in friendship has always been something I couldn't quite understand - what did it matter if she was a girl? It hadn't seemed all that important back in primary school, when my interests were shared by few, nor in secondary, where those same interests were ridiculed. If my best friend was to suddenly change gender, I doubt I would care in the least.

I do remember a certain episode, however, when the issue came up. It must have been late May - I was fifteen at the time. It wasn't a great time for me, just having broken up with my girlfriend, and generally unhappy at the world for being the awful place that it seemed to be. Our class had an obligatory field trip to some museum. If I remember correctly it was an art one, and not quite my type of art, either.

Thus, sulking, I came to school that morning, expecting an uneventful trip. I spent half a minute looking around for my friend, Suzu, before figuring out the girl must have overslept again, and getting us each a soda for the ride. I would have bought some food, too, but there was too little time left.

Not wishing to be put with someone else, I had neglected finding a partner as long as possible - and fortunately, too. Suzu came flying into the school at the last moment, quickly heading somewhere inside, but being stopped on her way by a teacher. She didn't look all too happy, but that quickly changed once she saw I was still free - giving a light smile, the girl sat down by the window seat, shifting slightly, and then falling silent.

Off we were, me still upset, and my friend surprisingly quiet. While coming in, she had asked how long the ride would be - an hour, she was told, which she didn't look happy about. Neither did she look all that happy about the soda I passed her, even though she still drank it, guzzling the thing as she always did.

Another five minutes passed by with her sitting almost normally - legs crossed, but nothing extraordinary. I was about to ask the girl as to what could possibly be wrong, when her cheeks went a bright red and she gave her crotch a tight squeeze. Blushing further as her hand stayed where it was for a few more seconds, she forced herself to remove it, turning to the window. Maybe she had been doing it before without me noticing, but now I could clearly see her jiggling her legs, and shifting around slightly.

My inquiries were delayed by their seeming absurdness - it was clear what was wrong, and so I could not ask that, but there was hardly any way I could help, and saying nothing would be rude. In fact, just about any course of action I could take seemed quite inappropriate to me.

Suzu didn't mind - the minutes passed by and she was getting very desperate indeed. Once again, she was holding her crotch, at the same time shifting in a peculiar attempt to press herself into her seat. At some point, the girl pressed herself against me - I could only hug her back, hoping she would make it.

Overly focused on my friend's condition, I hardly noticed when we arrived - the journey had taken less than an hour, and Suzu was still managing, as far as I could tell. I wish I could get a better idea of just how she felt - her being a girl, and all.

Surprisingly, standing up seemed to give Suzu some hope, and so she even managed to get inside the museum. However much it was, it was quickly crushed by the bathrooms being somewhere further than right inside the place - tears appearing on her eyes, the girl clasped my hand, bending over a little.

Luckily for her, we were allowed inside almost immediately. Hopping as she went, as if the idleness of any muscle on her legs would cause a wetting, she pulled me along in a seemingly random direction - I don't know about her, but I lost my sense of direction within a minute.

When her search yielded nothing, the girl seemed to give up. Cheeks blazing, Suzu walked over to a corner with some sort of plant and asked me, in a whisper, to help remove her jeans. It wasn't an easy task - she kept squirming around and jumping on the spot. It didn't prove impossible, however, and I soon saw her panties - they had a big wet patch, I remember I was surprised her jeans weren't wet.

She pleaded for me to remove the panties, too, but I was too late - the lightest touch on her bladder made the girl double over and jump back, towards the plant. She pulled the soaking cloth down herself, giving me a great view of everything for the minute or so she was peeing.

I don't remember us discussing it again, although it wasn't the last time I saw her desperate.

%packrat.pdf

%packrat.tex

