Alice's Desperate School day - Page 3

Author: RedFish3000

*050*2018-07-25 02:41

I might consider doing an alternate ending, specially for those who wanted a wetting at the end. I won't promise anything yet, though, but if I have enough time, I'll surely do the alternate ending.

$$

*052*2018-07-29 05:21

So, due to the requests of some of you, I have decided to make an alternate ending for this story. I hope you enjoy it.

Alternate Ending:

Alice had to solve her dilemma. Would she stay and wait in line, or would she take the bus and go home? Alice decided to do some math. There was more than a dozen girls before Alice in line, and they were taking approximately 3 minutes each in the bathroom. This meant that she'd have to hold for more than 36 minutes if she was going to wait in line.

On the other hand, the bus would be leaving in five minutes, and from there, it would be a ten minute ride to get home. That meant that taking the bus, she'd only have to hold for approximately fifteen minutes. It was still a lot for Alice in her current condition, but it was her best option. After doing the calculations, she left the line for the bathroom, and exited the school. Her walk was stiff and slow, as she knew that any sudden movement could be the end for her.

"Come on Alice, you can't wet yourself. You can't! You're going to hold it for as long as you must!" Alice says to herself, while struggling to get to the bus on time. On the way, another few drops of pee escaped her bladder. Fortunately, her black pants would hide any wet spot, should she leak enough to make one. However, those tight pants were still torturing her bladder, just as they had done all day.

Finally, Alice reached the bus. She took her seat inside the bus, and hoped for the best. She squirmed in her seat, kept her legs crossed at tight as she could, and had both hands pressed against her crotch. Usually, Alice would never do all this, since she hated when others knew she had to pee. But the situation was so desperate, she didn't care anymore if anyone saw her like this. The only thing that mattered to her was to get to her toilet before wetting herself.

Everything was going according to Alice's calculations, until something happened. Something she hadn't counted on. There was lots of traffic, and the bus was moving much slower than usual. Alice got really nervous when she realized that ten minutes had passed, and the bus wasn't even half way to her house. Alice crossed her legs the other way, while she was starting to freak out. Her bladder was about to burst, and the bus would probably take longer than expected.

"No, I can't wet myself." thought Alice to herself. "I have to make it. I must!" Alice was shaking and squirming like crazy, while she was using every bit of willpower she had to fight the intense waves of desperation she was experiencing. Finally, the traffic started to move faster, and the bus was moving at it's normal speed again. Alice felt slightly relieved, at least as much as she could feel with her overfilled bladder screaming to release the ocean trapped inside it.

Alice continued to use all her will power and every bit of inner strength she had to keep her bladder under control, until the bus finally arrived. By now, everyone in the bus clearly knew what was going on with Alice, but she refused to care anymore. She entered her house as fast as she could, and rushed to the bathroom for her much needed relief.

However, she looked in horror when she saw the bathroom door locked. Her little brother Max was already inside. Alice knocked on the door, while doing the greatest pee dance she had ever done in her entire life.

"Max, could you please hurry up?" Alice asked, trying to sound calm, although her desperation was obvious in her voice. "I need to pee really bad."

"How come you always need to pee when you come back from school?" Max asks.

"This isn't like any day Max." Alice replied, while having her legs double-crossed, and both hands pressed against her crotch. "I'm bursting this time. Please hurry!"

Max enjoyed teasing his older sister, specially when it came to those moments when she was really desperate for the bathroom. So he decided to stay inside the bathroom a while longer, even if only to hear his sister desperate for a bit longer.

"Please Max!" Alice said. She started to feel her bladder muscles weakening and giving up. Alice was literally on the verge of wetting herself. However, Max still didn't come out. He believed today was like any other day. No matter how much Alice begged for him to come out, he didn't.

Alice's bladder muscles were beginning to lose the fight. She felt as a bit of pee began to come out of her bladder. She tried to stop it and hold it in, but it was useless. She couldn't hold it any longer. Alice was constantly leaking now, while fighting to try to stay under control. Alice knocked on the door again, begging for her brother to come out of the bathroom again. There was no response from him.

Finally, Alice lost control. The huge amount of pee contained in her bladder bursts out of her in a strong jet, soaking her pants completely. Alice really wanted to stop, but she couldn't. She just stood there, wetting herself. While she did so, she let out a loud moan while she was wetting herself. The relief felt wonderful, specially after all the torture her bladder had been through the entire day. The strong jet of pee went on and on for almost an entire minute, before slowly getting weaker and weaker, until it finally stopped.

The relief had felt so wonderful, but now that it had finished, Alice had realized what had happened. She felt so embarassed. What would she do now? What would her mom say when she returned from work and saw this mess?

While Alice is feeling so terrible about her accident, her brother Max finally comes out of the bathroom, and is surprised to find her sister in the middle of a large puddle. "Did you... did you... wet yourself?" Alice covered her face in shame, and was about to cry. Max felt guilty, since he had been who caused this. He liked to tease her sister, but he never intended it to get this far.

"I'm... I'm sorry Alice." Max said, walking towards her. "I didn't mean to make you wet yourself. I didn't know you really had to go that bad."

Alice looked at Max, while still being embarassed about what had happened. "Today wasn't like every day. Remember I was running late for school this morning? Well, I forgot to take my morning pee, and I ended up holding it all day long." Max's eyes widened when he heard Alice say that.

"Whoa... that's a lot. No wonder you had to pee so bad." Max says, while Alice tries to fight back her tears. "Hey... I'm sorry, Alice. If you want I can help you clean up this mess. After all, I was the one who made you wet yourself. You can go take a shower. I promise I won't tell mom about this. I'm really sorry for making you wet yourself."

Alice stopped crying, and she looked at her brother. Unlike his usual, mischievous smile, this time he looked pretty ashamed of himself. It seemed like he was really sorry for what happened. "It's ok, I forgive you." Alice says, starting to feel better. She was still ashamed of what had happened, but at least she hadn't wet herself at school. That would've been much worse.

Alice goes to take a shower, trying to stop thinking about her accident. She hadn't had an accident since her elementary years. However, she was glad she at least managed to make it home before wetting herself. She was actually quite impressed of how far she had made it holding a full bladder. She knew that all this had happened because of her habit of never using public restrooms. However, she knew she wouldn't get over it, even after this accident. She'd just have to be sure to pee before school everyday.

And there you go! the alternate ending where Alice actually wets herself. I hope you enjoyed it. I wasn't planning to do this alternate ending when I began to write this story, but seeing as several of you would have liked Alice to wet herself, I decided to make this alternate ending just for you guys. I really hope you all enjoyed the story. I might write another one soon. Until then, have a great day/night!
