The Exam

Author: desperationlover1

*000*2011-11-21 04:19

I originally posted this story at another board that I am a member at. I know this is a story focusing on a male but the board that is to do with males peeing. I shall post the link to the site. Sorry for the censoring but at the board that this story was orginally posted it needed to have it. Hope people enjoy it.

James was studying hard for is end of term exams which were the next day at 11am. He was so engrossed in his studying that he hadn't realised the time (it was 4am). So he thought he better get some sleep.

The sun was shining and James woke up and turned over to look at his bedside clock, and saw it said 10:30am. He thought crap didn't I set my alarm? He got up threw some clothes on (Jeans and a T-shirt since it was hot outside), grabbed his rucksack, an apple and some water then ran out of his apartment.

On his way to the university he was thinking he wished he had peed before he left the house since he was already needing to go (he didnt' have time to have his morning pee). He thought he would have time to pee before going into his exam. Whilst walking/running to his university he had forgotton that there was construction work on 10th Avenue (the route he usually took) so had to go down 11th. He arrived at the university at 10:50am and knew he wouldn't have time to use the bathroom. He went up to the exam hall registered then found heis place and sat down.

The exam began at 11am and was scheduled to finish at 1pm. James started the exam and forgot about his need to pee until he heard the invigulator say you have 1 hour left. He then felt twinges in his bladder reminding him that he still needed to pee. James though it's fine I can go after the exam has finished. 1pm came and the exam was over. He was glad since the urge to pee was getting more intense. During the exam James had finished his water (500ml) since he didnt wan't to get dehydrated.

He was exiting the exam hall and saw Emma waiting outside for him. Emma asked 'where would you like to go for lunch?' (He had forgotton he had agreed to meet Emma for lunch). James said to Emma 'I don't mind but first I have to pee.' Emma replied and said I am really hungry go at where we have lunch.' James groaned and reluctently said 'ok.' They both decided to go to Subway for lunch. As they were walking his urge to pee was getting desperate but thought I am ok I will make it. 10 minutes passed by and his urge to pee was getting really desperate. He had been chatting to Emma about how the exam was then went quiet. Emma asked if he was ok, James hissed 'I am f**ing dying to pee and not sure how much longer I can hold it.'

Since it was so public there was no where he could pee. He was grabbing his d*ck desperately trying not to wet himself. He carried on walking then suddenly stopped as pee spurted into his jeans so he grabbed his d*ck again to try and stop it. He somehow managed to stop himself from completely peeing. But there was a golf ball sized wet spot on his jeans. James knew that he wouldn't make it much longer. So started walking faster hoping he would be able to make it. Then the dam broke and he just started peeing full force no matter how hard he tried to stop he couldn't. He peed for what seemed like ages but in reality was only like 1 minute. His jeans were completely soaked. Emma saw this then gave him a hug and whispered in his ear ' that was so hot'. They decided that they couldn't go to subway for lunch so went back to James's apartment for lunch. But when they got there they just both had hard s*x since they were both so turned on.

The end

I am still new at writing stories so I am sure the will be room for improvement but I hope everyone enjoyed it.

