Prolonging the Inevitable

Author: PhantomWolf

*000*2011-01-10 22:56

“Keima, you’re going, whether you like it or not!”

The car was waiting, and so were Elsie, and Keima’s mother, who had been trying to get him out for quite a while now. It would be no exaggeration to say he was dragged kicking and screaming. He didn’t want to go, this was intruding on his precious gaming time. But his mother wouldn’t hear any of it; they were going on vacation, and he was coming with them. He was only prolonging the inevitable.

Eventually, Keima reluctantly got into the car, muttering something about how the god of games shouldn’t be put through this. Not surprising, his eyes never left the screen of his PFP. He knew they would be in the car for a while, so he brought along several games, and a -lot- of batteries. Next to him was Elsea, whose attitude was the opposite of his about this. She was looking out the window, fascinated by the human world, and observing everything carefully. She was especially excited, because on a road trip, it was highly likely that they would see a fire truck.

Hours passed, and Keima was no longer complaining. He appeared to be content with playing his games, completely lost in them. His mother and Elsea had been talking, but he wasn’t paying attention to what they were saying. Before he knew it, the car had stopped, and his name was being called. He looked up from his game with an irritated expression of ‘how dare you interrupt me.”

Turns out they had stopped at a rest stop, and he was being asked to go with him. He flatly refused.

“You should at least use the restroom while we’re here, we won’t be stopping after this.” His mother warned.

“I don’t have to go. Besides, I can play games for hours at a time, so I can hold it if I need to.”

Keima refused to leave the car, and so his mother and Elsea went in without him. Eventually, they came back. Elsea, with a bunch of souvenirs, and Keima’s mother brought some snacks and a drink back for him. Keima nodded in thanks as they were shown to him, and soon they were off again.

It must have been the drink, Keima thought after he had finished, because he realized then, that he needed to pee. It wasn’t a big deal, he thought. He often held his pee while playing games, so he didn’t think much of it, and he continued to play. Of course, Keima soon realized that while he was used to holding it in the safety of his own home, he wasn’t used to holding it in the car. He shifted in his seat somewhat, as he decided to ask his mother for reference on how long the trip would be.

“How much longer until we get there?” He asked, in his usual bored tone, to hide his reason for asking that question.

“Only about an hour now.” She replied.

An hour? He thought. Well, that’s not too bad. He’s held longer but…it was really getting uncomfortable. He shifted around again, trying to find a more comfortable position before he returned to his game. He figured that as long as he continued to play games that time would pass quickly and he would be able to ignore his need to urinate. It worked, for about 20 minutes. His urge became even stronger now, and impossible to ignore.

Concentrating on his game playing no longer worked, and he found it difficult to focus on anything except his pressing need to use the toilet. He could feel his bladder swollen and throbbing, and he wondered how long it had been since he last used the toilet. He also wondered how long it had been since he asked how long it had been, but he didn’t want to ask again. That would make his predicament obvious. He shifted in his seat again, but he could no longer find a suitable position. He began to fan his legs, quickly becoming quite anxious about his desperate situation.

He looked next to him and noticed Elsie, still excitedly looking out the window. Then he looked in front of him and saw his mother was concentrating on driving. The only noises he heard were the sounds of driving and the music from his game. He might’ve found it peaceful, if he didn’t have to pee so damn badly. At least they seemed distracted, so they wouldn’t notice his unusual fidgety behavior. He looked around, trying his hardest to stay still, but he was unable to. Every few minutes he would squirm in his seat or bounce his legs. His body was tense from his discomfort; even his toes were curled. He let out a soft sigh of irritation; frustrated by his inability to take care of such an increasingly urgent need. Soon he noticed that the car had stopped. Traffic. Great.

“Looks like we’re going to be here for a while.” Said Keima’s mother.

Keima groaned under his breath at the thought. He tried to continue playing his game, but he noticed it was much more difficult to think in such a state. To think that the Gaming God would find choices difficult to make just simply because he had to pee, he thought. The traffic was moving very slowly, and Keima grew more anxious as time went on. He drummed his fingers on the side of the door, humming impatiently. His mother and Elsie didn’t seem to be bothered by it, probably assumed it to be out of anxious boredom. Which, in a way, was also true. There were so many things that Keima would rather be doing. He’d rather be at home in his room, surrounded with 2D girls, or in a bathroom taking a nice long…

He squirmed again as a shiver ran down his spine. He didn’t want to think about that. It made his already pressing need much worse, and the traffic wasn’t moving any faster. He began to squirm, looking rather restless. He had to do something to relieve this agony, but his pride wouldn’t allow him to ask for a stop. Even if he could, they were in heavy tragic, with no end in sight, and no place to go. He decided to save, shut off his game, close his eyes, and try to take a nap, and that hopefully, when he awoke, they would be at their destination so he could go pee.

It was quite difficult for him to relax, however, as his bladder throbbed angrily. It felt so very full. Opening one eye and checking to make sure no one was looking, he snuck a quick grab of the tip of his crotch through his pants. That helped him feel a little better. Somehow he managed to eventually fall into a light sleep, taking him away from the pain for a little while.

###

Keima woke with a jolt. They were no longer in traffic, but he noticed they were now on some sort of side road. And it was bumpy. And he had to pee even worse now. He squirmed more violently than before. Trying to keep the need under control, but to no avail. He sighed again, louder than before. He wondered how long it had been, but he wouldn’t dare ask. He started to realize that he might not even be able to hold it in. His fidgeting was constant and he had his legs pressed tightly together, bouncing them up and down. He knew that if anyone looked at him, they would know that he had to pee…but he really couldn’t help it anymore.

“Oh my God!” Elsie suddenly exclaimed, her face practically glued to the window. “Look, Keima, fire trucks! And they are putting out a fire!”

Keima couldn’t help but look over, but he quickly regretted it. He saw the fire trucks, on the side of the road, yes, and they were putting out a fire of some house there. He bit his lip and groaned as he saw the streams of water escaping from the hoses. His hand darted to his crotch, squeezing tightly; he didn’t care if anyone saw him. Such a sight made his predicament worse, and he had to shut his eyes tight and look away to try to not think about peeing.

Elsie squealed with excitement as the car passed by, and she seemed disappointed when they eventually escaped her view. Keima however, was glad to see it gone. He had to put all his effort into holding it; otherwise he knew he would lose it. He heard Elsie say something about how awesome it was, but he ignored her. He tried to fill his thoughts of good things, like games and 2D girls…but that only worked for so long before his bladder would spasm and he would squeeze his crotch again, unable to think about anything else but how badly he needed to pee. He was surprised that no one seemed to notice. He guessed that his mother was busy driving and Elsie was just dense. Then, suddenly, he felt it. His bladder spasmed again and he felt some liquid escaping. He closed his eyes again and his face began to flush a bit, taking a deep breath and managing to get control of it. He didn’t want to look to see if the wet spot was obvious, as he knew that would make it worse.

The fact that his underwear felt damp was already making things even more difficult. He had to go; he knew he wouldn’t be able to hold it much longer. He wanted to speak up, when suddenly he started leaking again, and it took more effort to hold it in this time. It started coming in short spurts, beyond his control. Leaning forward with a hand on his crotch and his legs now crossed, he tried his hardest to stop it…but soon it developed into an all-out flood, and no matter what he did, he couldn’t do anything about it.

The urine was warm and wet as he felt it spread through his pants and flowed through his hands. He heard the hissing and pattering sound as it landed on the seat. He panted and gasped as he tightened his weak muscles and grabbed as tightly as he could, not wanting this to happen, even though finally releasing it all felt so good and he sighed in both frustration and relief about a minute or so later when his bladder had finally emptied. Keima, the Gaming God, had uncontrollably wet himself.

His mother looked behind her when she heard the sound. “Oh Keima…what am I going to do with you?” She sighed. “We’re almost there, so you can change your pants when we arrive…”

Keima looked away, face flushed, not saying a word. Elsie stared at him, unsure of what to say, looking embarrassed for him.

“I told you that you should have used the restroom when we stopped, but you didn’t listen did you? Said something about the God of games not needing a break? Listen, Keima, you need to listen to your mother about these things sometimes, or stuff like this happens! I can’t believe you wet yourself like a little kid! Now I’m going to have to clean the car!” She scolded.

Keima sighed as he listened to his mothers lecture, his clothes quickly becoming cold and clingy, and he smelled of urine. He knew this was going to happen. At least this wasn’t as bad as the pain that he had felt before, since although he was clearly humiliated, and uncomfortable, his mind was clear enough to continue playing his PFP game again. And he did just that, until they arrived at their destination, 5 minutes later.

