A Stormtrooper's Troubles

Author: Qrogan

*000*2016-01-16 06:23

For god's sake, I know Stormtroopers miss all their shots, okay? Well... in the shown parts anyways. They might be sharpshooters off-scene. Never know now do you? Hehe. Well, this would be my second fanfic, hope you enjoy! And don't forget to check on my first fanfic as well, I will try not to forget about updating it.

Chapter 1: Rebel Scum!

Normal patrol duty. No one liked it. It was the most boring, reluctant thing the Stormtroopers had to do all their lives. Viviana had been on patrol recently, and there had been rumors spreading that Rebels were supplying the locals to raid the outpost. Just a group of raiders, no problem! For Viviana and her comrades, they would need to think again.

Normal Tusken Raider assaults happened once or twice a week, so there wasn't much to be said about random combat experiences for the last year or so. Most the stormtroopers disregarded this, and got on with their tedious duties on patrol. Just about every time a Rebel rumor spread, the attack never happened, so it would just be another 'false alarm' this time as well, so no one was worried.

The next morning, V Company, with the 501st, got up and got their armor on to start the new day of patrolling as usual. Viviana had been a Stormtrooper for about 6 months, so she had some average experience in combat. When the day came when a frightened citizen came running into the gate to talk to the stormtroopers on patrol, in Viviana's mind, things got "Completely and utterly crazy. Worse than Hell."

When the Stormtroopers approached the civilian, he pulled a DL-44 blaster pistol and blasted them away. Viviana was left with only seconds to get her EE-3 rifle off her back and place some well-aimed shots on the hostile. Luckily, she was saved by another 501st trooper who had seen him aim his gun at her mid-draw. The Rebel fell limply to the ground, and footsteps could be heard in the distance.

The first thing that was seen was the speeders, the Rebels were on speeders to charge the Imperial line and take the outpost. V Company wouldn't make it much longer if other troopers were not alerted. Another Storm Trooper was sent back into the base for reinforcements. Viviana wasn't so lucky. A Rebel threw a grenade and shot those still standing. That included her. She was hit in the upper leg, and left for dead.

Before the Rebel left, a shot pierced through his head as an EE-3 bolt had hit him. Viviana lay passed out the walls. Some 501st troopers got her into the medic. The medic, after close examination, asked everyone to leave the room. Viviana woke up as she was almost done being diapered. "The hell? I'm a stormtrooper not a baby!" The medic looked sadly up to her.

He stated her situation, her muscles were torn up and burned. There was no replacing non-existent muscles, he said. Viviana looked quite unimpressed. "That's the best excuse you can come up with?" The medic sighed. "You could pay the 10,000 Credits to see a doctor. He'd do the same thing, trust me." Viviana just looked down and a tear welled in her eyes underneath her helmet, which was not removed during the operation.

Viviana's train of thought was pretty bad. She, as a Stormtrooper, was sure that Stormtroopers most likely didn't normally have kind souls in general, and that she would be made fun of harshly during trainings and patrols... such childish thoughts, but yet so true in her own mind. She didn't know the fate of other stormtroopers of V Company yet so she could only guess,

Luckily for Viviana, many people of V Company were also given the same treatment. V Company sent in a request to be recalled "D Company" if the name wasn't taken. Fortunately, it was not taken. "D Company" was chosen as a pun to how many soldiers had been treated with diapers. "D" would stand for "Diaper"

Viviana was slightly relieved that it wasn't as bad as she had originally thought, but she was still nervous walking into the barracks. D Company would be post on Hoth quite soon, so there wasn't much to worry about for the next few nights, D Company just got rest and talked about their experiences with the events of that day, and teased each other for their treatments passively.

Everyone was pumped to go to Hoth. Snowmen and snowballs were the topic of conversation. Tatooine was only fun when one Rebel assault didn't get the whole company put in diapers. Hoth sounded like a better place to be at than Tatooine for D Company, so they went with that.

*004*2016-01-16 17:42

{{: 

So since the word Rebels was used, I assume this takes place during the original trilogy.

}}

Yes, this would take place in the era of the Galactic Empire, and not the First Order. I'm glad you figured that out.

*006*2016-01-17 04:39

{{: 

I'm surprised you don't try and describe more about the uniform and include the stormtrooper corps officers that wear the black imperial officer uniform.

}}

Is that a good thing or a bad thing?

*007*2016-01-17 19:28

### Chapter 2: Realization and a New Friend ###

It was now Thursday morning on Tatooine, and at noon D-Company would be boarding a transport to Hoth. Viviana woke up with the strangest feeling, it was cold. She was cold. How could she be cold on the furnace that is Tatooine? She had no idea, but when she got up she heard a *squish*, realized she had wet the bed. No, she'd wet her diaper in her sleep. Others in her company had the same experience. They talked about it briefly while waiting for a restroom to open.

Viviana had to pee... she was aware of this, so she made a little dance as she waited for the restroom to open. A door opened, Viviana was utterly desperate. Just before she could close the door, she lost control. She'd only been holding for about 10 minutes, and a 10 second stream of urine filled her already soaked diaper. Mortified. That's all she could say about the situation. The medic had gone over how to get changed with the company, so she was able to get out of the restroom quickly enough to spare a fellow trooper the mortification of wetting themselves.

At about 11, Viviana was eating breakfast. The transports were getting ready for their loads, and Viviana ate, talking with her comrades about the morning's disasters. Once she was finished, she was about to get her armor on when she suddenly, without warning, started wetting herself. She couldn't help but enjoy that warm feeling that washed over her. After about 30 seconds, she headed to the restroom and got changed again.

As Viviana walked out, another trooper who was heading to the restroom, quite hurriedly, bumped into her and gasped as he lost control. "Oh... Oh... What the hell am I gonna do!?" He was mortified. The poor stormtrooper had just wet himself in-front of a comrade. Viviana looked over to see the mortified trooper. "Don't panic. It'll be fine. You're not the only one..." As she said that, she blushed quite a bit, as she too, had wetting issues.

As Viviana got on the transport, her white armor shined brightly against the twin suns of Tatooine. The transport was redesigned as a transport made specifically for D-Company, with shelves and shelves of diapers for changes and a changing room, which was truly had to be one of the most embarrassing things in the world, since that would mean word spread to the higher ranking officers, maybe even to Darth Vader or the Emperor, which was absolutely mortifying.

"You think Darth Vader knows about us now?" asked a fellow stormtrooper concerned about his dignity. Only time would tell the answer to that question. "I don't think it got up that high, no worries!" Viviana had to try and keep everyone on a good note... at least "try". As they approached the vacuum of space, the transports enabled their hyperdrives. The sudden change in speed alerted Viviana to her need of a restroom. There were no restrooms in the transports. None.

Viviana had no choice but to use her diaper, almost as if it was a punishment from the higher ups for getting shot. For a moment, she enjoyed it, then a hulking, stinking mass came crashing down into her diaper. She felt like a baby. She didn't really like feeling like a baby, but at the same time she had been enjoying herself in that moment. She then grabbed a diaper from the shelf and went the the changing room. After getting changed, she went back to the main quarters, which was a big flat platform where everyone simply stood.

A few minutes later, they made landfall on the cold planet of Hoth. They were directed to their new barracks and given new uniforms to stay warm on the extremely cold planet. Viviana was learning to get accommodated to her new life with diapers on and having to use them. Some troopers were already enjoying themselves fully, while others were more on the side of panic. The idea of diapers disgusted her, but it also brought her a new light, new train of thought.

Since Viviana was in diapers now, she wouldn't have to use the restrooms, which stunk most of the time, instead she could go wherever she was at, and get changed whenever she felt like it, which was normally right after it happened. She was marvelling with the idea of avoiding the lines and lines of troopers waiting to go into one door... that'd be great. But she couldn't get over how disgusting it was to use a diaper. She slapped herself for thinking such things, she wasn't a baby.

"Sergeant, Ma'am." Viviana looked up to see a trooper, rank of Corporal, she was sitting on her bed casually. "Yes Corporal?"

"Can I.. ask you something?" As the corporal said this, she blushed quite heavily.

"What seems to be the matter Corporal?" Viviana was curious as to why the corporal was asking her a question that, right now, seemed quite personal.

"How are you so positive, with... you know, and everything that's been happening?" The Corporal, Luthia, who was quite shy to ask, blushed again, a cherry red tone growing on her face.

"I... I don't know.. I think it's just that.. well.. uhh... I know it's part of my life, and I can't go back and remove it, it's already happened, so I learn new ways to enjoy my life. The way it is." Viviana, who hadn't been ready for such a deep question, had a cherry red face, being asked a question so intense never happened in her life until now.

"Sorry Ma'am... I didn't mean... t.. to intrude on your personal space." Luthia was about to get up and walk away when she was interrupted by Viviana.

"That's fine. I'm glad you asked. We should talk more in the future some time." Viviana simply giggled and got ready for bed, since the day had been quite exhausting. She liked the new armor, with the cloth hanging down to keep the back of her legs warm. Viviana also went with enjoying she had diapers on Hoth since whenever she had an accident, she was warm for some time, since the groin area has arteries that take blood all around her body, letting warm blood fill her cold body, which was nice for a change.

The next morning, D-Company went about the normal morning changing routine, and for Viviana, she made her morning pee in her wet diaper, since she knew she wouldn't make it if she tried to hold it. After that, Viviana struck up a chat with Luthia, then went to breakfast, their cloth "skirts" fluttering in the wind.

After breakfast, Luthia approached Viviana again. "Hey, Ma'am."

Viviana looked over to Luthia. "You can call me Viviana if you like, I won't mind."

Luthia's face beamed with joy. "Really?"

"Really." Viviana put her hand out to shake Luthia's hand.

They shook hands, and Luthia asked the question: "So, Viviana, what has it been like for you so far? I promise I won't tell, just please, be honest."

Viviana's face turned pink. "Well... I guess it's nice that we don't have to use the bathrooms that stink so badly."

Luthia giggled. "Yeah, I guess it is."

Viviana giggled at the point she'd made too.

"So, I'll admit, I kinda like this treatment. It feels more like a gift than a punishment."

Viviana agreed to this, stating "Yeah. I think you're right. It's nice to stay warm while everyone else around you is cold. It may not be the cleanest way to stay warm, but it sure feels nice."

"That would.. b... be true." Luthia's face turned pink inside her helmet, since the subject was sorta touchy still.

Viviana noticed the staggering in Luthia's voice, ending the conversation with "Well, I guess I'll see you at lunch."

Luthia waved goodbye to Viviana, who waved goodbye in response. Hoth was seeming like a nice place so far. There was even a snowman outside the barrack door, which was indeed quite pleasant. The officers didn't seem to mind during inspections, so it stayed there. Patrol duties started in 2 days. And everyone just loves patrol duty...

*009*2016-01-18 00:35

{{: 

Well it depends on how you wanna diverge more into the story

}}

I don't think I describe the armor and uniforms a lot since I'm mainly focusing on the story part of it, and not the miscellaneous things, such as describing uniforms in detail.

*012*2016-02-03 23:28

Sorry for the lack of updates. I've been really busy and I am heavily anticipating the new remaster for Valkyria Chronicles. Hopefully the next chapter will be out soon. I'm still brainstorming.

*014*2016-11-07 20:18

{{On 2/7/2016 at 10:55 AM, writeandleft said:

I thought all the Stormtroopers in the Galactic Empire were clones of Bobba Fett. There weren't girl storm troopers until the first order. Besides that, I love the story. And the clone thing was retro drawn into the story based off of prequels no one liked.

Sadly this got abandoned but I plan on reviving it, also to answer to that, no, not all stormtroopers were clones of Boba Fett. That was ONLY the Clones of the Republic. Volunteer troops were accepted after the Empire came to be.

}}

