Shantae and the desperation's curse!

Author: BrickInkling

*000*2016-01-14 23:33

(Hi all, it's been a while since I wrote for this site. But I'd like to get back into it. This was written by me, BrickTheRedInkling of Fanfiction., and proofreaded by The-Irish-Clover of deviantart.com)

Today was the hottest day of the year for the poor inhabitants of Sequin Land, which they had to just tolerate. However, unaware as most were, all of Sequin Land was in danger once more. The pirate master was threatening his return, and a curse was overtaking the land.

Coming out of the palace that was not so far away from the sunbaked Scuttle Town, was a girl with long purple hair done up into a ponytail reaching halfway down her back. She was wearing a red bedlah, her pants being long and red with black at the thighs. She also had gold cuffs on her wrists, as well as two gold earrings attached, and a tiara on her head. Shantae, the guardian genie of Scuttle Town, was only a half genie, until her nemesis had taken her magic away. Shantae did not even have the label guardian of Scuttle Town anymore since the new owner, Ammo Baron, took over, and after a scuffle, she was fired and charged with several crimes, since the Ammo Baron was the deed holder of the town from this day forward. She was going to be quite busy trying to save everyone, and stopping the pirate master took higher priority over Ammo Baron.

"Got the map. Time to take it to Risky!" Shantae smiled as she headed swiftly away from the palace, and running past the annoying elder who was desperately trying to hand out his travel brochures which she had wound up being tricked into recovering one from the sewers. She headed straight back for Scuttle Town, motivated to get the map of the Forbidden Isles to Risky immediately.

It did not take long to get back to Scuttle Town. Shantae walked past the Ammo Baron's lackeys who were working on repairing Scuttle Town into the soon to be called Ammo Town, where they were going to drastically upgrade on top of the repair. Not many were excited for the results, considering Ammo Baron destroyed a quarter of the town and damaged over half of it. His sudden change of heart was very suspicious.

"Well? What took you so long?" the purple haired girl heard, seeing her familiar nemesis, who was a little older than her, with purple skin, and a red bandanna on her head with a white stripe in it. A purple choker wrapped gently around her neck, and the rest of her outfit quite resembled a skull. Risky Boots, a pirate of the sea, had the misfortune of losing her crew thanks to the pirates curse. She had fought with Shantae in the past, but old times had to be forgotten due to the threat they were facing today.

"I found this at the library. A map of the Forbidden Isles, just like you said," Shantae stated, hoping this was worth it. She had to borrow a friend's library card to get this map, though she had completely forgotten about returning the library card to its rightful owner. Shantae did have one thought in her head, she felt weird slightly.

"Huh! I guess the little good for nothing is good for something after all," Risky Boots said with her hands on her hips, taking the forbidden map from her rival and beginning to look it over. Age had thankfully not taken its toll on the map, which was a nice change. Half of the treasure maps she had found in the last month were so torn and worn that they were almost only useful for fueling fires.

"Sooo… will you let me help?" Shantae popped the question, smiling nervously. That was the deal, after all, that if she got the map, the pirate leader would gladly allow her to accompany her on this trip to the Forbidden Isles.

"Only if you agree to do EXACTLY what I say, when I say it! And when this is over, we go our separate ways," Risky responded. This was one of the friendlier conversations the two had ever had. Awkward and unsure was a lot better than violent and loud.

"I can't believe I'm saying this… but it's a deal! Let's beat this guy together and save Sequin Land," Shantae happily agreed to the terms, but her bright mood quickly changed into a sceptical one, as Risky was appearing very happy over this.

"Mmm… hold on… how do I know you won't pull a fast one?" the purple haired girl quirked, aware that the pirate fell into most fitting descriptions, but trustworthy was not one of them.

"Would I lie to you?" Risky retorted, leaning forward with a smile and her eyebrows raised a little. The former guardian of Scuttle Town had no words to say to that, because for something that was meant to be reassuring, it was anything but that. She remained silent, letting her rival continue.

"Say hello to the Steam Powered Oceanic Tinker Tub Mark 2!" Risky exclaimed, presenting her newest ship with a lot of pride behind her voice. Her new ally tilted her head confusedly.

"Mark 2? What happened to the first one?" Shantae asked. That seemed to strike a nerve on Risky's purple head, to remember her last ship that was destroyed.

"YOU happened to it! Now get on board before I change my mind!" Risky roared with a stomp. The purple haired dancer leaped a little in fear, immediately diving on board through the porthole window. The pirate captain smiled, thinking this was going to be a great partnership. She climbed on board, before beginning to sail away from Scuttle Town, the sail being raised high with her steering the way on the ocean tide. She was following the map that led directly to the Forbidden Isles, trying to relax, while Shantae remained below deck.

The sail was going to take some time. Meanwhile, Shantae was investigating the lower part of the ship since there were no tinker bats aboard, leaving no one protecting anything here. She decided to take a look around. She even found pirate clothing that she borrowed, which consisted of a purple bandanna around her head that had a skull on the front. The worst thing that could happen was Risky catching her down here snooping around. She hated to imagine what she would have to do as punishment.

"Wow… that is a lot of treasure," Shantae claimed. All of the ships lower deck beyond a few rooms was used as storage for treasure and valuable items. It was at least a lot cooler down here. She was somewhat exhausted from the constant sunlight beating down today. It was worse than usual. Suddenly though, she felt that her bladder was slightly bothering her, but she brushed it aside. The small tingling feeling in her tummy could be ignored for later.

The long purple haired girl began rummaging through the first big box she saw, pulling out various things and tossing them aside into other treasure piles. Each one she looked at made her more confused than the last. Shantae pulled out a set of seven odd colored crystals and rested those aside. She then pulled out several golden rings, which she never imagined seeing so large. She tossed those into another pile of valuables. The next item she pulled out was a small wooden box, which she opened carefully to see three strange sun-shaped black-eyed gold objects, a label on the lid of the box reading 'Shine Sprites'.

"I'm guessing these weren't dug up either," Shantae sighed. Imagining how most of these items were obtained bugged her, but she put those thoughts to the back of her mind, setting the box aside before reaching in and pulling out children dolls that appeared to depict kids that were also squids, with tentacles for hair. Each of the dolls appeared very well stitched. She thought they were adorable. At this rate however, to her, this treasure pile was beginning to get even more ridiculous the deeper she went. However, something got her attention. She tossed the dolls aside and grabbed two odd barrel-shaped cups that were decent in size, even if they appeared to be tightly sealed to keep the contents within fresh.

"What's this…?" Shantae looked around for a label, though there was nothing on it beyond some words carved into the bottom.

"Chuckola cola…?" she murmured. She heard a sloshing come from inside the cup. Curious, she rested the first barrel mug aside, keeping the other in her hands. She pulled the front of the cup which flipped off, revealing a pinkish red liquid inside.

"Ewww…" she almost gagged, but she gave it a sniff. The drink smelt alright. Though disgusted by the looks of it, she decided to try it. She could use a drink, after all. Shantae took one sip of the cola, licking her lips and gaining a smile.

"This… is delicious!" Shantae immediately tilted the container back and began chugging the chuckola cola. The cola was surprisingly cool, at least in comparison to anything else she would probably be able to drink at the time. After a few brief moments, Shantae had drank the whole thing and let out a refreshing sigh.

"I wonder if Risky made these herself… I'd pay anything to figure out where she got them!" Shantae giggled, though if this was homemade cola, it was perhaps produced by tinker bats by force, or gotten from some far off land. The tanned girl grabbed the second container full of the chuckola cold and begun chugging it down as well.

Shantae hoped it was a mere drink. What she was not aware of though was that it was used for hangover treatments, the cola was known for hydrating people at a fast rate. She had just finished the second huge chugging of the great tasting liquid and rested the empty barrel-like mugs aside in the pile of treasure, which she now referred to as trash, because she could not see a single shiny or valuable looking thing in that pile.

"We're almost there!" Risky Boots called out from above deck. Her voice rung the same level of command toward her temporary ally as it did toward any other tinker bat. She did not know whether to consider this a good thing or not, but being the only crew member on board for now, Shantae presumed she was her first mate, which brought a small smile to her face.

"Alright, I'm coming!" Shantae yelled back, beginning to step toward the stairs back out of the lower deck area. She suddenly stopped in place, suddenly feeling a chill in her stomach that caught her by surprise. She put her hands on her smooth skinned stomach. Her bladder was starting to demand relief. All of that liquid she had put in her belly did not help anything. Shantae just stayed calm. Her need to pee was beginning to rise, but she had not seen a single bathroom on this pirate ship during her adventures, or while exploring the ship just now. She continued up above deck.

"Finally. I've been waiting…" Risky Boots stopped her speech when turned around to see her new ally approach, her feet making an audible clunk noise with each step. Her thighs were somewhat close together. Shantae did not want to make her need to pee too obvious, but the pirate girl was able to recognize it quite easily.

"Is there a problem?" Risky tapped her foot impatiently. Shantae immediately straightened up and relaxed, doing her best to play it coolly. Though her bladder protested the sudden posture change, she was beginning to feel more uncomfortable than prior.

"Um, Risky… before we go onto the island, can you tell me where the bathroom is on this ship?" she nervously requested.

"We did have one… but a week after we created the Tinker Tub Mark 2, it got broke. Just something that happens when you have such a big crew, so to save gems everyone just goes off the side of the ship," Risky Boots explained, noticing her first mate's eyes widen a little hearing that, it also gave her the feeling of dismay.

"E-ew ew ew! Even you, Risky?!" Shantae did not have much experience relieving herself anywhere outside of an actual bathroom, as in none. She did not gain much response from the pirate leader, the piercing stare giving her the answer. The two disembarked from the ship onto the dock. They had arrived to the first island, the only one on the Forbidden Isles' map. Shantae thought she was going to just have to hold her pee until she got back to Scuttle Town.

"This is it… Saliva Island. Unless we can find another map, this is the end of the line," Risky stated. They had followed as far as the Forbidden Isles' map would take them, and now they were on their own from here on without another map. The dock to Saliva Island had an odd building that only housed a flame atop it with some probably empty boxes and barrels lying in a pile. The sail to here had taken quite some time.

"I'm ready for anything!" Shantae cheered, looking ready to jump for joy. However, she could feel her bladder starting to bug her again. She then noticed an annoyed look on her frenemy's face.

"Where did you get those clothes?" Risky glared, those eyes only showing the demand for a truthful answer. Otherwise there was going to be trouble.

"Below deck! There's all kinds of fun stuff to wear," Shantae giggled. Sadly, out of everything below deck she had attempted to wear, the only thing she came out with was the headband that had a skull on it, which she had to assume they were stolen, whoever the owner was, "Most of the clothes were much too roomy, though…"

"Stay away from my personal effects!" the pirate ordered, not liking the idea of having her clothing searched through or touched by anyone but herself, and maybe a tinker bat when she was too lazy to go find them below deck.

"Gosh, I've never been so far from the mainland! It's pretty here," Shantae said in awe, almost completely disregarding the shouting. Her mind was focused on her bladder at the moment, the empty barrels looking like very tempting alternative toilets right now. However, she did not want to do such an act in front of Risky, and displaying her desperation to her would be too embarrassing, or at least more than she already had. And knowing the pirate leader, she would probably want to hear her beg to not watch, and she did not like to imagine that even one bit.

"Don't be deceived! The pirate master draws power from this place. There's a den of evil hidden somewhere on this island. You, Shantae, are going to find it!" Risky elaborated, planning on staying with the ship and making sure that it did not go anywhere.

"What about you? You're not coming?" Shantae asked, surprised, though she could not believe she wanted the pirate to tag up with her on this hunt for the den of evil.

"Nope," Risky shook her head, "Not this time."

"But I'm sure if we worked together…"

"I said no! I have my reasons!" Risky stood firm, refusing to go anywhere near away from the ship into Saliva Island. Thankfully this conversation was distracting the ex-guardian from her filling bladder.

"Oh, I see… you're scared!" Shantae laughed, making a small joke to try and break the tension between them. She instantly felt the atmosphere fly the opposite direction.

"How dare you! I will gut you like a mackerel! …and get out of that silly outfit!" Risky retorted angrily, yanking the headband right off of Shantae's head, making her frown in disappointment.

"Aww… you're no fun…" Shantae sighed, giving up. She wanted to find this den of evil and presumably destroy it so she could go back to Scuttle Town, though it was not out of fear for being outside of her home when she was supposed to be residing there until judgement could be made for her crimes. Shantae tried to get more than a few steps, when she felt something wrap around her stomach.

"Ah! Hey!" Shantae cried. Risky had snuck up on her and was squeezing her stomach, squishing her bladder causing a sudden pain. It had actually surprised her so much that she had accidentally let out a little urine into her panties, her thighs crushing together as her knees buckled inward. She quickly got out of Risky's grip with a bright blush across her face.

"You think I'm afraid? You look like you're about to wet yourself," Risky mocked, looking like she had enjoyed that a lot more than she should have.

"Sheesh! Learn to take a joke!" Shantae replied before going off to make her way into Saliva Island. Her bladder felt a lot fuller than it did before that squeeze she got. Now she had high doubts about making it back to Scuttle Town. The very moment when she got into Saliva Island, she realized that things were going to be all but simple. Already several monsters were making themselves noticed, obscuring her path.

"Alright… just… stay calm, and… fi-find a bush?" Shantae was not sure what to do. She could not pee with anything watching her, monster or animal. She took in a deep breath and tried to remain calm, doing her best to resist the urge to hold herself like a small child. Her bladder was starting to get filled up like a water tank. There was even a small bulge on her stomach. She tried ignoring it while beginning to fight her way through the monsters by whipping her hair, which stung like a sharp whip upon contact. Anywhere that was private enough for a sneaky wee was more than welcomed to her.

Shantae had made it through the first set of enemies, which weren't too bad. They were just tiny scary-faced red crabs, hopping fish that spat gross bubbles, and her favorite; tiny purple flying bats. She hated when she had to hurt them, though fighting every last monster in her way was going to be a problem, so she was planning to try and avoid fighting some more, mostly because she was already fighting a battle against her bladder, and sadly there was no real shrubbery that she could use for discretion.

Shantae had made it to the next area. She was beginning to inadvertently put a hand on her groin in an effort to relieve pressure. It helped a little but she felt embarrassed to be doing it. Warm urine was teasing her peehole for release. She closed her eyes in concentration, whimpering a little. When she opened her eyes again, she felt a little better until she looked at the dead end, which was a cliff that she had to find some way to scale before her and the tree beside her. Sadly, she was not alone. Shantae was going to have to climb up the tree, and more of those scary looking crabs stood on each branch.

"Why me…?" Shantae whined and reluctantly removed her hand from her groin, feeling her urethra burning, desperate to release her pent up pee. She jumped up, whipping the first crab off the first branch with her hair and watching it fall off. When she landed, her legs instantly had to crush back together. She felt a wave of desperation hit her, feeling like she was about to lose control soon, while more urine leaked out into her underwear. Shantae shot both hands into her groin, gripping onto herself so hard that it hurt. When the desperation passed, she lightened her grip a little, feeling embarrassed. She was thankful that the only thing around were monsters, because at least they could not talk.

"Okay just… try a different approach…" Shantae panted. She could not attack and jump at the same time without risking losing control of her pee swollen bladder. She had to focus on holding her pee in. Swinging her head around like some rabid fan at a metal concert was not going to help. She carefully took one hand away from herself and reached into her small bag on her back that she used to carry items, rummaging through it until she found what she wanted.

"Pike ball!" Shantae exclaimed, pulling out a spiky sphere. The released ball began to spin in circles around her. It was normally a weapon to just get bonus damage in when attacking something, but she just needed it to clear the way for now. With both her hands free, she resumed holding onto her womanhood, carefully jumping up to the next branch. The pike ball bashed the crab right off of it in one hit. She wished she did not have to endure this, but she hoped that there would be a private enough place up ahead, but each jump and landing felt like a shock wave of pain in her body from her bladder sloshing around.

Finally, after a few more agonizing jumps, Shantae reached the cliff top. She had a big red blush across her face. She took a quick look around, and she could see a few monsters up ahead, the pike ball running out of time and clattering onto the ground, breaking in half.

"Wh-why do monsters hav-have to be everywhere?" Shantae gritted her teeth. She decided to survey the damage slowly, moving her hands up slightly and pulling down her pants only enough for her to get a look at her underwear, which were plain red in color with a few gold spots on them. The front of her panties had a baseball-sized dark spot on it. She felt a twinge of pain from her bladder once more.

Shantae was ready to pull her panties down to relieve herself right then, until she looked back ahead to see an odd mermaid with a trident. This enemy was covering her mouth, laughing at the former guardian. Shantae yanked up her pants, embarrassed. Her desperate state was being witnessed by a monster. Rarely did monsters have an actual brain, but mermaids were rather intelligent themselves, since they lured others in with their looks, only to pilfer their items.

"Hey! Mff!" Shantae hunched over, gripping her crotch again in pain, pressing her fingers directly against her urethra. She felt more urine leaking out. The mermaid was about to attack, but then Shantae had ran right past her and several other monsters, hopping across a pit in the ground. The mermaid looked disappointed.

"No, no, no…! It's going to come out…" Shantae bit her lower lip, feeling more pee escape. Soon, no matter how hard she held herself, she was going to lose control. She groaned, with tears welling in her eyes. Her luck however appeared to be turning like a table. She had stumbled into a ruinous area, where a big stone wall stood off to the side with a star on the top of it with some indecipherable writing. In front of it was a not so deep trench, almost like it was meant to contain something. Trees surrounded the whole area, barely letting any sunlight in past their leaves. The best part for her was that there were no monsters here.

"Thank goodness! I'm at my limit!" Shantae got in front of the trench, going as quickly and as carefully as she could to pull down her pants to her ankles. Her panties had a bigger and damper place on them now. She slid the red panties down her thighs and to her feet as well, leaving herself bottomless. She squatted down, the blush on her face seeming to only get a little redder, her bladder almost quivering. She closed her eyes, trying to relax.

After a few brief moments, Shantae felt nothing coming out of her, her body aching. Not being used to peeing outdoors was making it harder to relieve her full bladder. She shook a little in agony before trying to concentrate. She let out a short jet of urine that went onto the ground. She stayed relaxed, starting to let out a small trinkle of pee. It was like torture, wishing she could release more of her bladders contents, faster. However, she heard something.

"Alright. I'll be at the swimming hole while I wait for you," a voice rung out. Shantae looked over her shoulder. She felt her heart skip a beat. There approached a red eyed girl with a blue bow in her blonde hair, wearing a pair of glasses and a white shirt top with brown pants, and carrying a backpack. She seemed surprised when she saw the former half genie urinating into the empty hole, which she thought was for swimming.

"Oh, um… I-I'm sorry," the blonde girl covered her mouth in shock. Shantae was mortified to be seen like this, quickly yanking her pants and panties back up, but she was not able to stop herself from peeing. Urine was still pouring out of her and into her panties. She grabbed herself before running past the girl back to the next area. Shantae's pants were beginning to get wet, too. Her panties began overflowing. Her hands were not stopping the pee from running down both pant legs and into her shoes. For being a small stream, it was beginning to grow each passing second. Suddenly she came across someone else.

"Whoa! Hey, girl! Watch where you're running!" a girl said. She was in a brown hat with a blue duffel bag dangling off her side while wearing an orange scarf and a white shirt. She also had blue cutoff jeans that were pulled down to her knees. That girl was squatting there, peeing onto the ground. Shantae stood there, her legs quivering to see the other girl peeing on the ground. Her body could not handle the sight of this.

"Do-don't look at me, please…" Shantae cried while her flood gates fully opened, soaking the front of her pans with a big damp spot as pee began to go around her, creating a small puddle that was rapidly growing. She slowly slid down and landed in the puddle of urine, her strong stream of pee continuing to come out with a loud hiss. She was panting, feeling great to be finally relieving her swollen bladder. There was a little steam coming from the puddle as well.

"Is everything al…right…?" the red eyed girl had come back, wanting to check up on her friend since they were supposed to be here on vacation. Her friend, who had finished peeing, pulled up her jeans. They both looked at Shantae who had her head hung down in shame as her torrent of pee began to come to an end. She was panting, her face completely red, feeling greatly refreshed after that long pee.

"I-I can't believe… I couldn't ho-hold it…" Shantae groaned, ready to break down. The two girls looked to each other. The red eyed one felt bad for interrupting her while she peed, and the blue eyed one was just completely confused.

"Here. You can have this," the first girl reached into her bag on her back and pulled out a small towel, while the other girl was helping Shantae up. She looked ashamed to be like this. The entire front and backside of her pants were soaking wet. Her shoes also had urine in them, and her pant legs were nearly completely soaked on both sides. She took the towel and wrapped it around her waist. It was only able to cover her a little bit. The towel didn't even reach halfway down her thighs.

"Thanks…" Shantae immediately left, wanting to get far away from the two witnesses. For a vacation to them, it was off to a very awkward start that would take a long time to be forgotten.

Back at the ship, Risky Boots continued to tend to the ropes to make sure they did not rip without warning. Being tied to the dock was meaningless if the ship ripped its ropes apart. She began to hear footsteps that had an odd squish to them as they hit against the wooden floor.

"Back already? did you find the den of evil…" Risky asked, but when she turned around, she did not expect to see her ally in completely pee soaked pants. That towel did not hide it too well either. Shantae looked ready to cry. She only decided to come back to request different clothes, fully presuming of how her captain would react.

"What happened?"

"I… peed myself…" Shantae set the towel off the banister of the ship. Her captain was rubbing her head, a bit astonished at this. The chuckola cola her first mate had snuck without her knowing, had certainly made its way through her system quite fast.

"This is who I teamed up with?" Risky sighed, shaking her head. It was nothing unexpected. Shantae stood there, still ashamed.

"Take off your pants," she said, practically out of nowhere.

"Wha-what?" Shantae gulped nervously. It sounded understandably weird to her.

"Just do it!" Risky ordered before heading off down the steps below deck. Shantae sighed, thinking it would be better to get out of the wet clothes anyway. She slid her pants down her legs to her feet and stepped out of her shoes and pants. She stood there in her wet panties, though she noticed that they kind of felt nice, something warm and wet rubbing against her groin was oddly exciting. She wondered if she should take them off, too. After a couple minutes, she saw Risky come back, carrying some clothing in her arms.

"What's that?" Shantae quirked, her captain handing it to her. It was a pair of light purple and slightly smaller pants, which looked to belong to Risky herself.

"I have some of my old clothes still lying around. I can't afford to have my only crew member getting sick," Risky answered. Shantae never expected to hear that. She had a bright smile, though gained a blush, realizing she did have to remove her panties. She pulled them down and carefully stepped out of them, resting them on her wet pants and shoes. Shantae covered her womanhood, trying to hide some shame right now, considering most of her dignity was gone at the moment.

"What do I do for underwear then?" she questioned, not exactly feeling comfortable at the thought of going back out into the island with nothing on underneath her pants.

"You'll live til yours dry off," Risky responded. Shantae did not argue, just stepping into the pair of purple pants and pulling them up. They actually fit pretty nicely. She was not used to going commando, but today seemed to be full of odd or new experiences for her. She would be fine without her shoes as well.

"Thank you, Risky," she thanked her captain for this, and or not being mocked over her wetting accident.

"Don't mention it, my first mate. …really, never mention it," the pirate captain requested. Shantae gained a smile. Being confirmed for first mate really did cheer her up.

"Now get out there and find the den of evil!" Risky shouted.

"Aye, captain!" Shantae nodded, chuckling. She ran off, not caring about having no shoes on. She had tolerated far worse environments barefoot before. Risky sighed, watching her run off, remembering the days where she had that kind of excitement. She picked up Shantae's wet clothing and went to hang them out so they could dry. Risky was only being kind to her, not because she was her only crew mate, but because it reminded her of a time years ago when something similar happened to her. The pirate captain felt embarrassed just to remember that incident. She was just glad Shantae was able to get past the accident relatively fast.

Now all they had to do was just find all the dens of evil and destroy them. They had a long journey ahead for them both.

(Well I hope you all enjoyed this! Let me know what you thought of it, however I have something I'd like you the readers to help with. I have no idea who to write an omorashi fic about next, you can vote for who you want written! The options to pick between, are these 3 characters. Nana the ice climber, (smash brothers setting.) Roll from megaman, or Callie from Splatoon. Leave a vote for who you want, if you want to that is. I hope you all have a good day, and take care!)

*003*2016-01-15 00:52

{{: 

First off, I'd suggest editing the color of the text so that we can read it; black on black is a little hard on the eyes. :)

}}

Fixed! Thanks a lot, sorry about that.

*006*2016-01-16 01:16

{{: 

That was very Awsome

}}

I'm relieved you think so, thanks a lot.

*008*2016-01-19 04:19

Wow! 700 views! I never expected this to hit 200 views even, let alone 700! Thank you all so much!

*009*2016-03-05 17:48

I started working on my next omorashi, now that time has become available in my schedule anyway.

