Gold-digging Secretary in Trouble

Author: Lexi

*000*2012-03-18 12:38

Aaliyah Khan (22) was really beautiful and young, but also very conniving and materialistic. She was the secretary of a wealthy doctor, and had been trying to net him for quite a while. She constantly flirted with her boss, until he could resist no longer and started to have a passionate affair with her. He bought her beautiful clothes and shoes that accentuated her figure and overall beauty.

One day Aaliyah saw the doctors wife at a store and had the audacity to strutt up to her in her stiletto boots tick tocking on the floor. The wife knew who she was but just held her silent fury instead of saying anything. The wife just left in silence, feeling betrayed and angry.

The next day she made her husbands lunch as usual, but added a heavy dose of strong diuretic to it. The same day the doctor went on call, and Aaliyah ate some of his lunch, as usual. Thereafter, she took yet another look at herself in the mirror and strutted back to her desk. She was wearing a tight short blue dress, white cotton panties and beautiful stiletto heels which showed off her long silky legs well.

Patients were present and she had files to sort out with them. After a while her bladder started to get uncomfortable, and she felt like she needed to pee. She just massaged her bladder a few times and the dull ache seemed to subside. However, after a while it returned, this time with more intensity and a few bloated pains deep in her abdomen. She thought to herself that she could just sit there and hold it, trying to look normal.

Just as she thought that, the sharp cramps became more intense and for a moment she thought she was going to let out a spurt, but just grabbed her crotch and held it in. Now she knew she was in trouble, and had to get to a toilet, but she was so busy with work. She thought about it for a few seconds, decided that she had no choice and excused herself with a sweet but desperate look on her face. Another sharp pain hit her as she stood up, and she let out a small spurt. She desperately bent over and squeezed her thighs together. A guy looked at her and asked if she was ok. She squeeked "yes", her pretty face gleaming red. Now embarrassed, she clenched her thighs together tightly and tried to tick tock elegantly to the toilets. People were looking at her, some snickering.

At that moment somebody needed her at reception urgently. Trying to look professional while in a state of panicked desperation, she tick tocked with her rock-hard bladder and clenched thighs back to reception. As she bent down to pick up some files she felt a very sharp pain in her gut. She quickly stood up, and squeezed her thighs together tightly again, but she had a very desperate look on her gorgeous face. Just then there was a loud HISSSSS!!! sound. Snooty Aaliyah had a look of horror and whispered omg in shock.... Everybody was staring. Her cotton panties felt wet, warm and were pouring pee. Her face went red. She turned around and tick tocked quickly in the direction of the toilets. HHISSS!! Oh no! HIISSS!! Oh my God! wailed desperate Aaliyah. She was wetting herself uncontrollably, and couldn't stop it.

She tick tocked to the toilets with tears streaming down her pretty face, while the pee continued to gush out like a waterfall. A child was in the toilet. Everybody could see her. In horror Aaliyah felt sticky warm liquid streaming down her silky thighs and calves, going into her sexy high heel stilettos and onto the floor. She was wetting herself totally, and couldn't stop it, no matter how hard she tried. She left a glistening light yellow liquid trail on the shiny tiles, and some of it had stiletto prints too.

She stood desperately outside the toilet door, wishing she could die. HISSS!!! She continued to let out the last bit of pee from her aching and bloated bladder. Her white cotton panties were heavily stained yellow and the back and front of her tight blue dress had turned darkish blue.

The child was finally done, and Aaliyah tick tocked inside, in tears. The child said "Mummy, the pretty lady just went pee pee in her dress." Aaliyah started bawling when she heard that. She sat on the toilet crying in total shame. This was the worst day of her gold-digging life. As a beautiful 22 year old woman she had totally pissed herself in public, and in front of a child... Poor Snooty Aaliyah. She deserved it.

*004*2012-04-16 13:50

Yeah! It was my own blog.

