Wet Boat Ride

Author: Marin

*000*2011-12-10 07:46

Requested by Dribbling from flyttkort and Desperate newbie from zataku. Enjoy!

Wet Boat Ride

Jacky watched the weather forecasting anxiously, drinking her fourth cup of water to get ready for a hot day at the beach, hopefully. She had planed her first date with the cutest boy in school for weeks. His name was Wallace. He was constantly busy working on the farm with his Dad so they had a hard time trying to plan their first date, but that’s what she liked about him, he worked up a sweat with overalls and no shirt. His bright eyes and pearly white teeth glowed upon his dark-skinned face. She looked up to him so she really wanted him to like her. She didn’t want to disappoint him considering she was city folk asking him out.

“So rain’s going to start in the northern part of Georgia today, and it should dissipate at about Waycross and Thomasville…”

“Yes!!” She cheered, knowing the storm would barely miss the beach where they’d go fishing. She rushed up the stairs to get dressed. She put on her favorite, white and purple striped bikini and a pair of tight shorts over it, because they were tight of coarse. Jacky struggled to zip up that tight thing over her waist as it got completely stuck over three quarters of the way up, and buttoning it up was even worse. After she managed to get her shorts on, she put on a thin t-shirt and a pair of sandals. Jacky then rushed down to the basement for her fishing gear, and she was off. She brought a big water bottle with her to drink on the ocean. The motor boat was tied to the back of the truck and ready to go. It was just big enough for two people, primarily her and her dad.

“By Daddy! I’ll see you when I get back!”

“Don’t scratch the truck!

“I won’t”

“Don’t scratch the boat!”

“Okay Daddy!”

“Don’t scratch the window!” She paused for a moment.

“Good by Daddy!!” She rolled her eyes as he laughed.

“Okay have fun!” She slammed the door closed, excited to see her boyfriend at the farm. Well, it was sort of a farm. They owned horses and chickens and kept them in pens on a large landscape. They sold chickens and their eggs to local grocery stores for a living. She got in the truck with the boat fully loaded and drove off. Jacky’s cell phone went off in her pocket.

“Hello!” She answered hoping it was her boyfriend.

“Don’t scratch the truck!”

“Daddy!!” She hung up as he started cracking up on the other line. Jacky drove up to the farm to greet her crush, Wallace, who noticed her arrival as he fed the horses. He quickly went inside to get ready while she got out of the truck to greet his father.

“You must be Jacky!” He greeted.

“Nice to meat you Mr. Boneck!”

“You can just call me Devin. It’s a pleasure to meet you! So do you guys have a class together.”

“English and Math. The most boring ones in school.” Devin laughed.

“Ya well! it sure is handy to have someone to talk to in there then.” Wallace came out with his fishing gear and a pair of oars, wearing a cotton, white shirt, a pair of jeans and a straw hat to keep the sun off his eyes.

“Ready to go Jacky!”

“Ya, but! Why are you bringing your oars? I brought a motor boat!”

“Just in case something’ happens.”

“Like what?”

“Like the boat breaking down.”

“Good point!” She agreed. She noticed a familiar signal in her bladder but she didn’t feel like delaying anymore cause she wanted him to like her. They got in the truck and drove off. Her bladder started to worry her as she drove towards the beach, so she crossed her legs to relieve the minor discomfort. Jacky’s stomach bulged slightly with four cups of water, a cup of tea and two cups of coffee, and she hadn’t gone since watching the weather channel. They noticed the thick clouds in the far north pouring rain, which appeared as part of the cloud stretching down to touch the ground from were they were.

“There’s that rain Klide was talking about.” She commented.

“Klide?”

“The weather man.”

“Oh! You pay attention to that stuff?”

“Just when I make plans. I don’t want it to rain on us while we fish.”

“Ah! Well you know, rainy days are actually the best days to fish. They love to feel the cold water near the surface”

“That’s true. Maybe I should of looked for rainy day forecasts instead of sunny ones.”

“All well! It’ll be fun anyway!”

“Ya!” They drove their truck up to the edge of the beach to launch her dad’s boat.

“Can you lift up on the boat a little so we don’t scratch the bott…ahh!” Jacky laughed as she was interrupted when Wallace hoisted the boat up on his side and pushed it into the water, pushing her in with it. She dogged it just in time not to fall in and get wet. She didn’t feel like falling into that freezing cold water after three straight days of rain.

“Woops! Sorry!” He laughed.

“How did you just lift it like that?!”

“I do a lot of heavy lifting with my dad. He’s a handy man too you know. Now lets go fishing!” He beckoned her with enthusiasm.

“Actually I didn’t know that.” She corrected. “I learn more about you every day.” Wallace stepped in the water with his oars to catch the boat while Jacky handed him the fishing gear. She dipped her toe in in the water to begin her slow process of adjusting to the temperature. He looked at her for a moment and decided to go and hoist her into the water.

“Wait!! Don’t…EAK!! That’s cold!” The water was just above her knees, and just below his.

“How’s that?” He asked with a mischievous smile.

“Cold!”

“Alright, let’s hop in then!” They Struggled to get in without tilting it over. Wallace flipped it over completely trying to mount. They laughed their heads off during the whole process. Her bladder didn’t help much at all. Wallace took noticed her discomfort.

“You need a pee break before we go?”

“No!” She lied, trying to conceal herself. She didn’t want to be a burden on their first date. She wanted to make sure he like her.

“You sure?”

“Ya it’s fine. Besides, those bathrooms are gross! People pee all over the seats and nobody cleans up after themselves.” She replied, only half confident.

“Well all right then! Here! I‘ll hold this side while you jump in.”

“Okay!” She scurried to get in out of the water. She leaned over the edge to keep the boat balanced while Wallace jumped in. She started the boat and they went out into the ocean. Jacky started getting really uncomfortable sitting there realizing they were probably going to be on the water for a while. The strong breeze on their face felt great as their boat whipped across the water. Their hair flailed vigorously through the air. They went about a mile and a half to two miles out to sea.

“I got our bait!” Wallace opened the trunk and fished through the various life jackets. He pulled out the fishing box and got the hooks and bait out.

“Ah! This stuff!” He commented, looking at the artificial bait.

“Ya! I don’t like using worms! It’s too cruel and unnecessary!!”

“Ya I agree!”

“…You know? You’re the first one to agrees with me on that.”

“Ya! I don’t get that whole thing were people think they’re so much better then all the other species. It’s just arrogant!”

“Totally!” They prepped their fishing lines and cast them out to sea. Wallace sat on the edge of the boat and kicked his feet up, leaning back with one hand bracing him up and the other holding the fishing poll. Jacky sat on the other side of the left side of the trunk with her feet on the seat. She shifted her legs carefully to get comfortable without tipping the boat over. She bobbed her legs anxiously as her bladder progressively whined just below her waist, making it increasingly difficult to concentrate on fishing and admiring her boyfriend.

“Isn’t it ironic how we preach about saving the worms…” Jacky began, wiggling in her place. “and then we hook fish in the throat and yank on them for sport?”

“That’s true! Except were doing it for food so at least it’s not a total, senseless kill.”

“We don’t have to, we can just get steak!”

“Which comes from cows who endure great hardship before they get killed and packaged.”

“Oh ya!” Silence followed.

“Can we talk about something else? This conversation’s bumming me out.”

“Let’s talk about flowers.”

“I love flowers.”

“Flowers are awesome! They’re smell so good!”

“I like the big, colorful ones with those little, whisker like things that stick out!”

“Oh those are my favorite!”

“OH! I saw this one flower in Home Depot one time, It was sooo huge! It had these bright, green leafs with this bright, red color on the leafs and a bright, yellow core. It was so pretty!”

“I think I saw one of those in some ones garden once. I think there were like, a hundred of ‘em or something”

“Ya!” That brief subject lifted there spirits, but it didn’t lift Jacky’s confidence at all. She crossed her legs crisscross and bobbed her knees. Wallace felt the boat shaking and took notice to her predicament.

“You all right?” He asked.

“Ya I’m fine.” She lied.

“You wanna start heading back?”

“No I’m fine! I just get antsy when I sit down for a long time, and I can‘t really get up to stretch or anything.”

“Ya that’s true!” He took her word for it. Jacky tried to hold still so he wouldn’t notice. She checked to see if he was looking and clenched her crotch with one hand, holding the fishing poll with the other.

“Saw that!”

“AH!! I was itchy okay!”

“Ah! Gotcha!” Well clenching herself wasn’t going to work. Two hours passed and her bladder wailed with discomfort for relief. Her tight shorts constricted it worse. She rocked back and fourth in crisscross position.

“Don’t you just love that good old, spring breeze?”

“Ya!” She concurred distractedly. “I love the sound of the ocean.” She tried to contribute to the conversation all the while squirming and clenching her crotch. Jacky’s bobber sank under water.

“You got a bite!!”

“Really?!” She got excited, but it meant removing her hand from her crotch to reel him in. She bounced up and down trying to hold it in while she reeled in the fish. She then she realized something horrifying that moment, they were almost two miles away from shore. It could have been her, but her bikini started feeling moist. She managed to reel in the fish while Wallace got the fishing net ready, but she felt extremely uncomfortable.

“Bring him in, bring him in, bring him in! Ya we got him, we got him!!” He cheered. The fish flopped around and splashed about, causing a spurt of urine to force it’s way through her bikini, and her boy friend was right there!

“Gasp!!” Her face turned deep red. They had to turn back, she had no choice. She just couldn‘t hold it any more.

“Wallace! I really have to go to the bathroom!! I can‘t wait any longer!!” She admitted, defeated, now crossing her legs tight with both hands between her legs, squirming out of control.

“Uh-oh! Better turn around!” He took the wheel and started the engine. He sped up slowly to keep from jolting her, then reached the boats maximum speed. Her bladder kept spurting on every bump due to waves. Surprisingly her shorts didn’t have a wet spot yet. She clenched hard to maintain control, shuddering under pressure. To her horror, the boat started slowing down.

“What are you doing!”

“Uh-oh! We’re out of gas!”

“Out of gas!! Oh no!! I completely forgot to fill up the gas tank before I left!!”

“I’ll get my oars!” He hasted. Wallace peddled on both sides to spare Jacky the trouble of letting go of her crotch. She looked over yonder, they went five miles and hour and the shore was a mile away. Again, she spurt in her shorts.

“Wallace!” She whimpered. “I wont make it that far! I’m just going to take my shorts off and go in my bikini!” He turned away politely. Jacky slowly stood up and worked at her button, but her button was too tight. She spurt again tugging on her shorts, forming a small wet patch for Wallace to see. She grunted and groaned to get it off. She succeeded in unbuttoning her shorts, but the zipper was stuck. A small stream jet through her shorts and drizzled onto the seat below.

“Ah!!! I can’t… it won’t…” She moaned and whimpered as multiple jets of urine streamed out and her wet patch got bigger. She finally lost control and her pee flooded her pants right in front of her boy friend. The wet patch sprawled quickly over her shorts while pee jet through it and streamed down her legs. A large puddle formed on the floor of the boat under her sandals.

Her face flushed deep red as she buried her face in her hands and cried.

“I’m so sorry!!” She sobbed. “My zipper just… I couldn’t…” She choked up. He cuddled her in his arms. “Hey! Take it easy! When you gatta go you gatta go, what are you ganna do? You should have told me man, we could have gone to shore. Don’t be afraid to ask okay?” She glared up at him with moist eyes. “It happens! Want help with your zipper!” She held up her zipper for him to grab. He griped the rim of her shorts with his bulky, dark skinned hands and yanked on the zipper with incredible force and finally pulled it down. She pulled down her shorts and exposed the wet patch on her purple and white, striped bikini bottom. Jacky sat in her wet bikini and held her dripping shorts for the rest of the ride back to shore and Wallace rowed the whole way there. To her surprise, he wasn’t disappointed in her at all, and she was no longer ashamed. She kissed him on the cheek and thanked him for his compassion.

*002*2011-12-16 02:08

Well that's a bummer. Sounds like a waist of a good plot. Awnestly though, how descriptive can you possibly get without describing the fluid physics and string theory behind her pussy's lack of ability to hold it back?! I guess what it could use though is some more suspense?... Na. I don't know. I'll see what I can do.

