A Bad Girl and a Tutor?

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2011-05-31 04:04

"Mr. Gillis, I understand," the young college student looked into his eyes.

"She must pass this year. I'll do anything."

"Sign this?"

He signed the paper without even reading it. "Help her pass, please."

A moment later, a young school girl and her mother came out of the kitchen. The College student looked at her worn jeans, her cool smile, and her defiant green eyes. He nodded. He really liked challenges.

"I'll need to keep her overnight," the tutor advised her parents.

"Whatever it takes," her dad said.

"What's your name?" the girl barked as though she wouldn't break.

"Mr. Tannen," he replied unconcerned.

"Where are we going?"

"Where you can study."

"I couldn't do that at home?"

"Obviously not, or you wouldn't be failing nearly every subject."

"You don't know anything about it, so shut up," the girl snapped.

"We'll see." Mr. TAnnen wasn't worried. He had seen this behavior before. She might be a challenge, but she had reasons, and once he found those, then he would break her.

He drove her to a restaurant to eat dinner at 5:30 p.m.

(More to come... have to go).

*002*2011-05-31 12:47

Mr. Tannen looked sternly at Laura. "If you reach for that handle before I come about to let you out, you will not like the consequence."

Laura rolled her eyes, but didn't open the door.

Around the car, Mr. Tannen strolled watching through the front glass the whole way.

He opened the car door and reached out his hand.

"What do you want?" she looked up at him, looking like she'd like to kick him.

"Come out of the car, and hold my hand."

"I'm not a little kid. I can walk without holding hands."

"You'll do as you are told, or I'll carry you like you're a toddler."

"You wouldn't dare."

"You want to try me?"

"No," she held her head down and reluctantly gave him her hand.

They walked into the restaurant and were seated almost immediately.

He turned the menu to the middle with only main dishes and told Laura that she could order anything on that page.

"Sure, just gruel, right?"

"Look, either you can order, or I'll do it."

"Why don't you surprise me?"

"Whether you order it, or you accept what I give you, you eat everything, understand?"

Laura nodded.

Mr. Tannen ordered some steak, potatoes, green beans, and corn with a side of corn bread. To drink, she had some milk.

They ate in silence.

(part 3)

As they finished the meal, Laura felt a twinge in her bladder. She started to stand up.

"Where do you think you are going?" he demanded of her.

"Relax. I'm just going to the lady's room."

"No, you are not. Not here."

"Why?"

"Because you are my responsibility, and I can't make sure you are safe if you go right here."

"Come on, are you serious?"

Mr. Tannen nodded.

"Fine," she folded her arms. "I'll wait."

Mr. Tannen paid the bill, and then reached for her hand.

"Oh, not this again," she muttered aloud. "I'm not going to hold your hand every time we go somewhere."

"You will, if you don't want to be in trouble."

"I don't think you can do anything about it here."

Mr. Tannen started to pick her up. He was a bit large, and she was small enough.

"Put me down," she started to yell.

"Can I get some help?" Mr. TAnnen called to the people that sat nearby. "I have a misbehaving teen, and apparently I'm going to have to carry her to the car."

"You... you," Laura panted with frustration.

"Well, are you going to behave, or do I get others to help me carry you?"

"I'll be good."

She reached her hand out, though she frowned and mumbled under her breath.

"Sorry everyone," Mr. Tannen stated. "I think she's going to behave now."

They walked out to the car hand in hand, but Laura was definitely not happy about it. Mr. Tannen knew that she was thinking of revenge, and he knew he had to break her of that. They started to drive off.

To Laura's dismay, they were not going anywhere, close, but realized he had gotten out on a country road.

"Where are we going?" she demanded.

(More to come soon)

"We are going to my cabin," he replied.

"How far is it?" Laura was starting to wiggle in her seat.

"Not far," Mr. Tannen winked.

"Please tell me?"

"It's about two hours down the road."

"I can't wait two hours," she whispered as she shook.

"What was that?"

"Nothing," she said briskly. "Nothing at all."

They drove up the mountain, the scenery getting vividly green and clear. The road over looked chasms from time to time, so that Laura could catch the breadth of the beauty of nature. There would be a field of green below with trees and bushes hiding just enough of it to make it look mysteriously magical. Her eyes took in the wonder, but her legs were wiggling and doing their own wondering, of when he was going to stop.

On the side of the road, please?

The car went deeper into the mountains past any recognition of civilization and soon, Laura realized that no matter where the man stopped, no one would be around to see it. Her pee hole felt as though it was on fire from need, and she had to rub her legs together to feel like she massaging or caressing it with tenderness to let it know to just wait a few minutes longer. She knew she'd be past her endurance at any point now.

Laura could feel the light blue jeans pressing against her bulging bladder, and she had sweat particles beading on her forehead with the effort of rubbing her legs together, banging her knees so hard that they hurt, and squeezing her left hand into the crotch of her jeans to try to keep pressure on her vagina.

"When can we stop?" She asked Mr. Tannen.

"My cabin is still about another forty-five minutes drive," he replied.

"No, I can't wait that long," Laura gave him an evil eye. "Why don't you just pull over and let me go right here?"

"I'll let you go a little further up in the mountains where I am sure no one will see you if you go."

"No one can see me here," Laura had tears starting to build up in her eyes.

"You heard," Mr. Tannen replied trying to sound indifferent to the girl's need.

There was a tear in the young girl's eye, but Mr. Tannen kept driving.

"I promise, I'll do anything," she gasped, holding herself in front of him and wiggling violently. "I'll do anything just let me get out and pee. Please?"

"You pee on the road like an animal?"

"Better than in my pants like one," she replied but tried to smile sweetly.

"You are willing to let walk you to where it's safe and do as you are told?"

Laura nodded.

Mr. Tannen pulled the car to the side of the road...

*006*2011-06-10 12:15

Arrival at the Cabin

* *Mr. Tannen walked around the car and opened the door for Laura to get out. He grabbed her hand without saying a word and she gave it to him feeling too defeated to say anything as her energy was needed to concentrate on her aching bladder which was throbbing against her jeans.

* *Once they were off from the main road and next to a large rock, a little squirt splattered into her panties as he let go of her left hand.

* * "You can go right here," he smiled at the young girl.

* * "Here?"

* * He nodded.

* * Once she realized what he wanted, and felt a second leak splatter into her panties making them rather damp, she sighed and pulled down her pants. She felt her face grow hot and sweat pour from her head, but she had to go too badly to worry about if he was watching. The tutor watched her drop her pants and panties in one motion, and she squatted as the stream started gushing from her even before she was completely squatted down.

* * Led back to the car in hand, though she was tempted to start another argument over it, she just contented herself with a sigh. It would be no point in trying to fight him. He was nearly big enough to pick her up and carry her, and she was a little concerned that he would.

* * They drove the rest of the way through the winding hills to the cabin in silence. Laura felt like a prisoner.

