Harry Potter Omo - Chapter 1 - Getting Ready For A Trip

Author: HarryPotterFun

*000*2017-10-23 23:59

Harry James Potter was just sitting at the kitchen table with his godfathers Sirius Black and Severus Snape. He had been living with them just a few weeks and as such was still getting used to it. Harry had just turned 5 years old and was going to be starting school in September which happened to be in a few weeks. He was excited but also very nervous about it. Severus had arranged it when Harry had first started to live with them and had got accepted at the local primary school, Jack Henry Primary.

'Today we are going to be going out for the day', said Sirius.

'Where?' asked Harry.

'To the theme park. I think it is an educational one. Roald Dahl I think it is called', answered Sirius.

'Its called the Roald Dahl adventure park,' said Severus under his breathe.

'What is there?' asked Harry.

'From what I can gather a lot of things, you have to see it for yourself. I'm sure you'll enjoy it', said Sirius.

Harry nodded. He had never been to any kind of theme parks before now, so he couldn't compare it to anything, But he did know that they were meant to be very fun.

'We'll be leaving in about an hour, so make sure you have anything you may want for the journey there. It's a bit of a drive from here', said Severus.

Harry nodded. In fact he was a bit spoilt for choice on what to take. Ever since he had come to live here his godfathers had provided him with everything he could have ever wanted and he, Harry, always showed how appreciated he was for it. He never had anything other than old clothes of his cousin, Dudley's, before he came here.

After an hour of waiting and Harry finally deciding on a few small toys and picture book, they were off.

Several miles down the highway, when Harry had finished playing and looking at the book he had fallen asleep. His godfathers thought he might do eventually but didn't realise how quick he actually fell asleep.

'Severus, you do think he'll be alright with us, don't you, I mean living with us', asked Sirius.

'Of course he will, he's taken to us already in the few short weeks we have had him. As of yet he hasn't made a mischief of himself and he has been very good. He'll be fine, Black,' answered Severus.

'I suppose your right, but what if he starts to make a mischief?' asked Sirius.

'Then we'll punish him accordingly. No physical harm, just stand him in a spot or corner for punishment for a few minutes. After the abuse he suffered at that house we can hardly smack him, besides its better not to hit children. They take it better when they have to think what they have done wrong. They learn better that way', said Severus.

'I could never hit children', said Sirius, just looking horrid at the idea of it. He knew from experience what that could do to a child, his childhood was nothing but physical punishment when he did wrong, and it left a mental scar, Sirius wouldn't dream of hurting a child, no matter what they did wrong.

'I know that, Black. Neither would I for that matter and we both know what that does to a child. We grew up being punished like that, thats what we grew up with, abuse of the physical nature. Harry has had that done to him already by his relatives and we have got to undo that. His ability to ask questions now is only through courage and confidence, which he didn't have a mere few weeks ago. We just have to take it day by day with him at the moment. His ability not to ask for the loo for instance is slightly worrying but as I said we will have to work out why all these things are going on with Harry, I think it has something to do with the abuse he had happen to him at that house', said Severus.

'We know he was abused, Severus, that is why we have him with us in the first place. We just don't know the extent of it all. I just hope Dumbledore finds out more about it before we do. I don't want to act recklessly now we have Harry', Sirius said.

'Like you did four years ago, you mean and ended up in Azkaban?'

'Severus you know why I did that', said Sirius.

'I do and I would've done the same thing, but I wouldn't have gone ahead and done it like you did. I would've planned it so that Peter got caught and put in Azkaban', Severus said.

'That's in the past now, I got pardoned, all thanks to Wormtail wanting out of his Animagus form for a bit and Arthur's son, Percy recognised him from an old photo. Its all on file of course, the trial I went through in order to get the right traitor caught, Dumbledore's evidence on the matter, even your evidence helped to get me released from that hellhole', said Sirius,

'I know, Black. Wormtail deserves that place. They know of his Animagus form and they have charmed it so he cant transform. I'm just glad I don't have to meet him any time soon', said Severus.

They fell silent and within another half an hour they had arrived at their destination.

