Sailor Moon's Battle

Author: Princess Jury

*000*2011-03-28 11:00

Each one of these stories is based off of a different episode where an omorashi moment may be present.

Outer Senshi

Saturn kept spinning her Selience Gaviloin around in circles, getting faster each time. At one point, it slipped out of her hands and slid across the floor, finally stopping when it hit a desk. The Outer Senahi were waiting around for the Inner Senshi but they didn't know what was going on with them. Saturn picked up her Selience Gaviloin and felt something in her bladder. She started spinning her Selience Gavolion again as she walked over to her parents. "Michiru-mama, I need to use the toliet." Saturn said, tugging on Neptune's skirt. Neptune picked the girl up and ruffled her hair. "I don't think there is one in here, sweetie." Saturn's eyes filled up with tears. "So I'm just supposed to wet myself?" Neptune set the girl down.

Saturn was dancing from foot to foot and her hands was in a fist clutching her girlhood. Tears streamed down her cheeks. "I saw some in the back, but I don't know if they are locked or not." Pluto said. Neptune picked Saturn up again. "We can try them." she said. There were two doors at the back of the office, one for boys and for girls. Neptune tried the girls' and it wouldn't budge. "Uh oh. I think it's actually locked." Saturn started crying. "Here, you hold her for a second. I"m going to try and pick the lock." Neptune said, handing Saturn to Pluto. "How?" Pluto asked. Neptune undid the laces on one of her heeled ballet shoes. "Maybe I can pick the lock with my heel." Neptune smiled. She stooped down and started picking the lock. She placed her shoe back on her foot. "I don't think I can pick it-whoa!" She fell back, her shoe flying off. "My shoe!" she cried.

"Well, how am I supposed to use the bathroom?!" Saturn sarted bawling again. Neptune shushed her. "Where are the Inner Scouts? Don't you think they'd be back by now?" Uranus asked. She had her hands behnid her head and was tapping her foot. Neptune shrugged. "They are taking a long time." Saturn stopped crying for a second. "Are you sure that's a good thing?" She gasped and closed her eyes and started shaking. Pluto put her down and Saturn fell onto the floor. She moved towards her Selience Gaviolin and fell to the ground when she was 2 feet away from it. She closed her eyes. Her purple skirt had ridden up a few inches and her leotard was visable.

She grabbed the Seilence Gaviolin with one quick motion and tears fell from her eyes again. Neptune scooped her up. "What's wrong?" she asked. Saturn smiled and fell back and Neptune felt her arms getting warm. "Saturn! You didn't just-?!" Saturn started crying again. "Shush, it's alright. You're still a little girl." Saturn smiled. Uranus was tugging the bottom of her skirt and puckered her lips. Saturn stared up at the TV screens and watched the Inner Scouts die and Sailor Moon burst into tears. "Now it's our turn," Pluto said.

Chibi/Mini Moon

Chibiusa was sound asleep in her bed, tossing and turning. She was dreaming she was with Pegasus again. She held onto his mane and closed her eyes in fright. "We're so high up, Pegasus! Please stop!" Pegasus only looked at her. She felt herself soaring up high. She looked behind her and gasped. "Wings! I have my own wings!" She circled around Pegasus, giggling. "I know a fun place we can go," Pegasus said. Chibiusa sat down on him, not bothering to hold on. "Where is it?" she asked, sucking her breath in over the sight of the orange and pink clouds. "You'll see." he replied. Chibiusa soon heard the sound of rolling waves crashing onto the shore. "the beach! You're taking me to the beach! But I can't swim in this?" Chibiusa asked, looked down at her white crystal princess dress. She jumped off Pegasus's back and into the water. She came back up and smiled.

"The water is so warm and toasty, I don't care how wet my dress gets!" Chibiusa splashed and played in the water, happy and giggling. "Ah, it's so warm. Pegasus, come play with me!" Chibiusa dreamed talked. She woke up with a rush of adrline. "Oh, it was all a dream. I wonder why Pegasus doesn't want to swim with me." She sighed and tried falling back asleep, but she felt warm. She yanked her blankets off. "Gag! I wet the bed! There's no way Usagi-chan can see this! She'll tease me unitll I'm 30!" Chibiusa took her wet pjamiama pants off and tossed them in the dirty clothes bin along with her pee-soaked panties. She took the wet sheet off her bed and stuffed it under her bed. "There," she said to herself, "Now nobody will ever know." She snuggled back into bed and dreamed more about flying with Pegasus.

Moon

"You think you can defeat me and my black dream hole? Think again!" The lady blasted Sailor Moon with her wand and the ship broke apart into and she and Purru screamed. Chibiusa woke up. "Sailor Moon!" she cried. Lady Balltuana shocked her and Chibiusa fell alseep again. Sailor Moon cried out. "Chibi-Moon!" The ship burst apart and she was stuck holding onto the bow of it. "Sailor Moon!" the girls cried. The force-field shocked them and they kept screaming. Sailor Moon got close enough and she grabbed Chibiusa and everything went black.

She opened her eyes and a cheery intsremental song was playing. Chibiusa no longer had red ribbons around her body, instead, they turned into her ice blue lace pajamas. "Glad you're safe, Usa-ko." Mamoru said. "Oh, I see Chibiusa is alright as well." He tucked her into bed. "Mamo-chan, what's going on? I'm supposed to rescue the other girls." Mamo-chan put his arm around her. "Forget about the others. You're here with me now." Sailor Moon looked away. She had the urge to use the bathroom. "Mamo-chan, who means more to you, me or Chibiusa?" Mamoru laughed. "Why, you of crouse." Sailor Moon picked Chibiusa up. "Mamo-chan, can I ask you something?" she said. Mamoru nodded. "First of all, may I please use your bathroom?" She shifted her weight left and right.

"Well of crouse you can." Mamoru smiled. "Thanks." Sailor Moon burst into the bathroom. She detransformed so it would've been easier for her. She pulled her school skirt and underwear down and sat down. A stream trickled out for 45 seconds. "That's better," Sailor Moon said. She pulled her skirt up and flushed the toliet. She washed her hands then transformed again. She came out and scooped up Chibiusa again. "Now my second question. You are handsome even in my dreams, Mamo-chan." The music stopped and Sailor Moon closed her eyes.

"Crisis Power!" she yelled. Her dream coffin broke open in the real world. Sailor Moon was burned, scratched, and her dress was ripped and shredded. Chibiusa was scratched and clothed in ribbons again. Sailor Moon looked down at her and noticed her dark skirt. She moved Chibiusa to see what it was. It turned out to be a stain. "A stain from what?" she wondered out loud. She squished it and it splooshed softly. Sailor Moon blushed. "Great. I'm a 15 year old girl and I totally peed myself dreaming!" She looked at the snoozing Chibiusa and the girls crying out below. She realized that nobody would even know anyway. "Everyone! Lend me your power!" she said.

