Fictional story: Female desperation and wetting

Author: Lexi

*000*2012-03-20 13:47

I once attended a medical anthropology lecture with my cousin who was studying the course. They had to give oral presentations to the class about relevant topics of interest. I found most of these 10 minute presentations to be boring, as I don't have an interest in such a course.

Anyway, it was a very busy day as it was near the end of semester and most people were tied up with numerous deadlines that had to be met. While sitting in my cousins class I noticed that a girl who was quite close by looking rather tense. At first I thought it was nervousness due to having a presentation coming up within the next half hour. She was a very attractive young lady. About 21, 5ft8, long blond hair, shapely figure, large brown eyes and defined breasts. She was wearing a frilly pink dress and pink peep-toe pumps with pretty bows on the front. She didn't seem to be too focused on the presentations before her and was not writing down notes as much as she should have been. During these presentations those who were seated were not allowed to leave, as they had to pay attention and write down what they had heard. It was made clear that such information would be tested in exams.

My cousin told me that she was a quite popular with the guys and was reasonably bright as well. Her name was Irenka. She was of Russian descent. As the presentations went on she became increasingly tense and looked at her watch every minute or so. She was clearly in some sort of hurry. Just then I noticed that one of her hands was placed on her lower mid-section and every few moments her fingers were moving towards her crotch while trying to bunch up her frilly dress a bit. She could not keep her feet still, and kept tapping them gently and softly on the floor. She was also sighing every now and then, as if to tell the presenters to hurry up. It was obvious this pretty blond babe was quite desperate for a pee. It was now her turn to present.

By now she looked really tense. She woke up slowly and took small steps towards the professor. "Professor, may I please use the bathroom before I present. I promise to be quick" Irenka whispered with a child-like look. The professor responded "no Miss Purkova, we are already running late. This is the end of term and we cannot have further delays. Your presentation is the last for today. It is just 10 minutes long. You can use the bathroom thereafter. Now, please present your topic." Irenka bit her lip, turned around and with her thighs close together while trying to stand up straight she decided to start her presentation.

As she was about to start talking she suddenly realised that she had failed to open her powerpoint presentation, and that in her desperation she had forgotten to remove her flash disk from her bag and stick it into the projectors computer. "Sorry, excuse me one moment, I have forgotten to upload my presentation." The class gave a sigh of annoyance. It was the end of the day and everybody wanted to get home. Irenka took small steps towards her bag and bent down to fetch her flash disk. As she stood up again she gasped "ohh" and quickly pressed her hands into her thighs. She turned to the professor and said "please sir, I really need to pee. May I pease leave the lecture hall?". The answer from the professor again was "no". Irenka pleaded "but I really am desperate sir. It hurts". He just said "please present your work or else you may get zero. Is this understood"? This professor was a real old sour puss and just could not grasp her predicament.

Irenka was close to tears and attempted to slot her flash disk into the computer. Her hands were shaking with desperation and she barely managed. She was slightly bent over and her feet were close together. Her powerpoint presentation loaded and she was about to start. "Good day to my fellow classmates and professor. Today I will present on indigenous forms of alternative medicine and will compare them to Western approaches". Irenka lifted her left leg, then put it down quickly again and crossed both her legs at the bottom. This pretty Russian babe was having a tough time standing still and trying to maintain composure.

"The Ongi tribe of Little Andaman islands is known for .... erh .... erh ... for their diet of ... ehr... fruit. Sorry, I meant ehr... fish. Wild ocean fish." She was struggling to focus and her bladder must have been absolutely bursting. Irenka's presentation was going rather badly. It was full of mistakes, unnatural stops and looked rather unprofessional. By this stage everybody could see that she had to use the toilet badly, and that she was at serious risk of not making it.

She switched slides and tried to continue. As she was about to start with the next slide she gave a gasp, crossed her legs at the knees, grapped her dress and shoved her hand on her crotch. She stopped speaking for a moment as everybody noticed a few glistening drops racing down her silky thighs and into those pink peep-toes. She had momentarily lost control. She regained control and tried to stand up straight. Her hand was still grabbing her dress and shoved in her crotch. She looked intensely desperate and her eyes were watery and shining. Tears were building up. She was just 2 minutes into her presentation and could barely remain still without wetting herself in front of more than 300 people. People were sighing. Some were giggling. A guy said "looks likes she needs the toilet really badly. I wonder how much longer she can last".

Irenka knew she was on the verge of losing it. She decided that she would rather get zero and spare herself a major wetting accident than continue. She knew she could repeat the course next year. She said "excuse me but I really can't do this", and she started taking brisk short-stride walks towards the exit, no doubt with her thighs clenched tightly together. As she was walking another spurt of pee escaped and ran down her legs. She turned around desperately, hoping that nobody had seen this. But everyone was watching Irenka now, and they all had seen these little accidents. Irenka suddenly felt a sharp twinge in her bursting bladder and could feel the trickles getting longer. By now she had just left the lecture theatre. She looked around in a panic and saw a bench. She thought quickly to sit on the bench to attempt to relieve this incredible pressure. However, sitting down seemed to making it worse and the leaking didn't stop.

She quickly woke up again and walked briskly towards where she knew the toilets were, desperately holding herself. As much as she had tried, by this stage her tortured bladder had had enough. Within 50 feet of the toilet her bladder gave up the fight. Irenka had a look of horror on her face as her panties became soaked in an instant. With pee cascading down her legs and splattering on the floor, she turned around in fear, wondering who was watching this. Unfortunately, many people had seen this event. Irenka continued walking quickly as she peed herself. She left a wet trail behind and started crying. She had tried so hard to hold on but had failed at the very last moments. So close to the toilets yet she still pissed herself uncontrollably. She felt so defeated. She had received zero for the presentation, and had pissed herself in public. A bad day indeed... :(

