Female desperation

Author: Marin

*000*2011-06-16 03:50

I Finally learned how to post stuff in the right place! So here it Goes, Kelly and Sonia.

Late in the after noon Sonia was at a huge amusement park drinking another soda with her friend Kelly. When they finnished there soda in the grass area, they went looking for another ride. Sonia and Kelly gazed around at all the different rides they couldn't cover in the coarse of ALL DAY wondering which one to ride next.

"THAT one! With the rotating little ball things!" Kelly exclaimed

"YA!! That one!"

They waited in line which started three rides away from there destined one. It barily budged once every five minuts it seemed. Fifteen minuts had passed and Kelly and Sonia weren't halfway to the front of the line.

"huff! This is taking forever Kelly, I should have saved my soda!"

"Ya! and our hot dogs!"

"And our other sodas!"

"And our chips!"

"And our sodas!"

"And our sodas too!" They laughed! There was a minor pause. "I have to pee." Said Kelly feeling uncomfortable and anxiouse to get on the ride.

"Ya me too." They had their legs together and bobbed a little in minor anxiety. They both had two large sodas prior to waiting in line, which was budging again. After a short moment the line moved a whole fifteen meters.

"Finally the line moved!" Exclaimed Kelly. "Ya, The ride takes like fifty people so the line should move fifty people at a time" Sonia responded.

"Huh! I never thought about that before"

"It shouldn't be long now... I hope" Their bladders really started to taunt them with it’s gentle urge in there waist. It was difficult to concentrate moment after moment on pinching their urine back. Kelly and Sonia were wiggling a bit in line, and there was still two rides ahead of them. "Here, cut me in line!" A friendly stranger offered. "Me too!" Exclaimed another.

"Oh! Thank you!" Sonia said gratefully with a sweet voice.

"Thanks!" Kelly said sweetly as well. Seven other strangers followed suit in letting them cut as they both thanked them all. It didn't do much because now they were only just half way to the front.

"Why don't I just hold your spot for you two so you can take a quick break?" The woman in front offered.

"It's all the way across the amusement park and we're half way!" Sonia responded. "Well don't you two wait too long"

"We won't" Sonia responded. Kelly never usually talked to strangers. She was relatively shy with new people. The slight urge was driving them both nuts as the wait became more intimidating. There crotches felt clumsy with the fluid they had to hold back. The fluid started to feel real heavy in there waist. Sonia grabed herself for a sec to relieve herself and regained a dignified posture reluctantly. Kelly had her legs crossed and they couldn't keep still. The line moved another fifty people's worth as Sonia predicted and they were near the front.

"Just cut me too then" Said the woman. Again, a cutting trend. "This should be about good!" Said a friendly stranger in front of them. "Thanks mister!" Sonia replied as they cut that last man. They seemed about close enough to get into the next ride. The line was still very intimidating though. "Gosh Hurry up!" Sonia complained still wiggling with Kelly" It felt like five minutes but alas, "It's only been two minutes since we cut!" Kelly complained, her heart beating harder, her legs clammier, the pressure greater and the wait less barable. "Two minutes! Oh man I really have to pee!"

"Me too!"

"We definately should have saved our sodas for later, and our sodas, and our sodas!" They chuckled. Another minute passed and they were starting to grab themselves now as they continued bouncing and squirming wondering when the line would ever... Their thought was interrupted when the line moved another fifty. "Yes it' moving!" Kelly exclaimed with excitement. "Finally our turn!" Sonia exclamed. Their bladders both eased up on them at the thought, as if the desperation completely disappeared. There were just three people in front of them when the gate shut and there was no more room on the ride.

"Are you serious!!" Snapped Kelly "Aw!! Really!!" Sonia huffed. Their bladders and there crotches wined hard again at the sight. Their crotches pinched tighter but felt more clumsy. Kelly and Sonia crossed their legs harder and squirmed half out of line in front of the gate and moaned. "Aww! nuts girls I'm sorry!" The last man to let them cut apologized. "It's ok it's not your fault." Sonia said with a high, sweet voice. "Just Try not to think about it." Kelly suggested. "There ya go!" The man concurred for their sake. “You know,” he continued. “I use to take my kid here all the time. Man! Did he enjoy those rides! He bugged me to take him every year when the commercial came up. He likes the mega drop!”

“Yikes! I can’t stand the mega drop!” Sonia responded. They got lost in conversation and after a little while, Kelly got involved in it. She liked the easier rides that just kinda swayed. Sonia was a thrilloholic, except for the mega drop. Not even a moment passed and the ride stopped and everyone was taken off. “Sweet! It’s our turn! XD” Kelly was excited. “Great! Let’s see if our bladders survive.” Sonia remarked. Sonia and Kelly had their arms around each other to show that they were best friends so they could get on the same ride. They secured their belt and the assistant secured them in with that big, thick, heavy rubber bar on their lap. She then tightened the belt on Sonia who whimpered. The belt squeezed her bladder and a throbbing pain shot up her waist. She tightened Kelly’s belt then, and the added pain and pressure on her weak, clumsy crotch caused her to spurt in her shorts. “Ack! Careful, I have to pee!” Kelly complained. She just loosened it for her.

“My shorts are tight enough.” she continued “I have to pee too!” Sonia Complained as well. She proceeded to loosen Sonia’s belt. They both wore tight shorts that pressed on their bladders. “Hang on tight you two!” The woman warned. “Thank you!” Sonia said. “thanks” Kelly thanked as well.The assistant then closed the round windshield on the capsule they were in. “I just squirt myself” Kelly whispered into Sonia’s ear. The motor started, they felt them selves moving up as the ground below got farther away and their bladders now throbbed with excitement instead of desperation. The ground below them started to rotate over their heads and their hearts where racing as the speed slowly picked up. Life around them, the sky, the ground, everything started spinning around them and Kelly and Sonia’s heart were pounding with a feeling of thrill that streached from their chest and their bladders to their stomachs. The speed kept picking up and throwing them around and about.

“WEEEEEHE HEE HEE HEEEEEE!!!” They cheered. Suddenly they were whipped and the girls screamed. A little more urine seeped from Kelly’s crotch and into her panties, and the firs seep of urine askaped from Sonia’s bladder into her panties from the excitement. It wasn’t noticeable for either of them yet, but a cold chill tickled up both their spines from their waist. The ride kept swinging and lashing them about. A couple more spurts occurred for them before the ride stopped. The ride seemed so much shorter from inside, which was actually a good thing for them. The ride finally slowed down and they came to a stop. “Whew! Thank goodness, I thought I was gunna loose it!” Sonia sighed. “Ya, I squirt myself four times all ready!”

“Three for me!”

“that’s cause you’re immune to belts” Kelly complained. “Ha ha!” Sonia teased. Their bladders now throbbed harder from the ride. “So what ride should we do next?” Asked Sonia. “We could do the Bumper cars again.” replied Kelly. “Again!? Let’s do a new one.”

“How about we do the bathroom!” Kelly remarked. “Wow Kelly, that sounded wrong!”

“Shut up!” Sonia laughed. Now they were making there way to the bathroom on the other side of the park. Sonia’s legs trembled, Kelly’s heart was racing, their bladders hurt, their waist bulged with pressure, their privates became increasingly weak, and the urge increasingly strong, they had to stop to cross their legs and squirm frantically, their musciles spassomed and they sweat like crazy. “OOHHH! I really need to use the bathroom!” Kelly whimpered. “Me too!” Sonia concurred. Their crotches started spassing again and they couldn’t concentrate. Another squirt ascaped into Kelly’s shorts, this time a small wet spot showed. “Were almost there” Sonia whimpered in hope. Another five big rides down and they’d find it. “Oww!! It hurts!” Sonia whimpered. “I’m not gunna make it Sonia”

“We’ll make it, don’t give up now! Ack!!!” Sonia’s private spased and a short stream of liquid started to run freely through her panties and into her shorts. A spot formed the size of a base ball. Two rides down and they finally gained some control, Sonia did anyway, but Kelly had to toddle some more with her hands crammed in her crotch. A sharp pain rose in Kelly’s waist and a short gush of pee ran down, her heart was pounding and her legs were shaking. On the next four steps, she stopped, and another small spurt askaped, and then two others before she regained her control. The wet spot creaped outward on her shorts dripped a couple times. Sonia’s wet spot was still only a baseball wide. The final three rides where passed and they didn’t see a bathroom. “I think it’s the next one down, maybe three!” Sonia said scared! They went six rides down and there was no bathroom. They were really weak now, they continued down the path looking along the isle and still no bathroom.

“Excuse me sir, do you know where the bathroom is, pleas!!” Sonia finally asked someone who worked at the amusement park, Kelly’s and her legs crossed, hands grabbing their crotches, tears in their eyes. They wiggled and squirmed anxiously “Well it’s right down their by the cotton candy booth.” Twelve rides before, they missed it. “ALL the way back!!” Kelly snapped. They whent back down the other path, but they couldn’t find it. They were in so much pain and their bladders wimpered so hard, Kelly finally lost it. First a short spurt, then a short stream, she frantically bobbed and squeezed her crotch with her hands, but it was too strong.

“SSONNNIAAAA!” Kelly whimpered as pee kept streaming down, and eventual it just gushed down freely, she completely lost control. Fluid ran down Kelly’s shorts and down her legs, in her socks. The wet spot on her pant grew rapidly and pee dripped from her shorts and a puddle formed on the ground around her. Sonia’s Bladder pulsed spurts of pee in her pants at the sight, then started slowly seeping through her whole and through her under where and down her legs. “Ack, no, no!!” It seeped, then it streamed, then it gushed out and ran down her leggs and her wet spot grew rapidly, and her puddle formed. Sonia’s face was flush red, and Kelly was kneeling on the ground sobbing, pee still gushing from her shorts to the ground. Their shorts gushed pee for three minutes, then it drizzled for a remaining five. The accident lasted for eight minutes. Their heart’s were shuddered, their faces where flush red and Sonia had tears in her eyes. It was mortifying.

A cute boy approached them casually. “Here, keep this!” He said with a bright smile on his face handing them his coat. Another cute boy approached with his coat simultaneously. “Mine too!” They both smiled. “Th- thanks!” Sonia said mortified. Now two cute boys saw their shame. “Th- th-…tha!” Kelly couldn’t stop crying long enough to speak. “You’re welcome!” Kelly’s donator interrupted. “Don’t sweat it girls, it can happen to anyone!” The other said. They didn’t hesitate to hide themselves with the coats. Sonia hugged Kelly. “Hey, w-well be fine!” Sonia tried to comfort her but she was mortified herself. “So- So!!” Kelly tried to call Sonia’s name. “Calm down Kelly, just take a deep breath… and tell me.” She said calmly. “So- Son_”

“What, just tell me!” Sonia felt more comfortable with her predicament.

“I- I… sigh, take me home!!” Kelly choked. Sonia called her mom on the cell phone. “Hey mom!”

“Sonia! Is something wrong!”

“Na, We’re just ready to come home”

“All ready! It’s barely evening!”

“Ya well Kelly’s not in a great mood right now. I explain latter.”

“Oh ok! Well meet me at the front as usual and I’ll pick you guys up!” Sonia and Kelly get lost for twenty minutes and eventually find the front. They also saw where the bathroom was after all that. Sonia’s mother shows up at the front parking lot and the approach the car. “Goodness! What happened to you two!?” Sonia’s mom Kathleen exclaimed. Kelly Flushed red with embarrassment and a chill went up her spine. “Oh! Too much soda and not enough pit-stops.” Sonia replied casually. “Well hop in and I’ll take you home!”

“Thanks mom!”

“Common Kelly don’t worry about the seat” Kathleen beckoned.

The end

