Date Panic! - Page 14

Author: OmoCommando

*348*2014-04-07 09:44

"I think it might be best if we just head back to my place. You can use the bathroom there."

Nikki pauses and thinks for a few moments.

[Trust level check: Success!]

"Yeah, your place is pretty close by, if I remember. It shouldn't take us long to get there." she says. Nikki then looks over to the little girl. "I'm sorry I scared you, I just really have to peeeeeeeee!!!"

The child pulls her lower garments back up and runs over to the table where her parents sat, both of whom are giving you and Nikki very dirty looks.

"Yup, time to go." You say.

The two of you exit the shop and head back for your car.

Suddenly Nikki stops and squats down partially. "Arrrrrgghhhh... dammit!!!"

"Wh-what's wrong!?"

"I'm... leaking." she says through gritted teeth. "I'm not going to last much longer!"

The two of you climb in the car, you quickly start the ignition and begin backing out. Now you're on your way home. You ponder on whether or not Nikki would wet herself before reaching your place. She already leaked once, by her own admission, but she might actually still make it. Would it be best to do the right thing and get her to your bathroom as quickly as you can? But you know that what would make this night the best is if you got to see those pants of hers darken with dampness. Of course, if she catches on that you're deliberately delaying... things might not end well. What to do...

[Checkpoint saved]

Current Trust Level: Very Friendly

Current Desperation Level: Final countdown sequence

At some point within the next five story segments, Nikki will lose control and wet herself if she does not reach a bathroom or an otherwise appropriate spot to relieve herself. It is up to you to decide whether to delay things or reach the bathroom of your house as quickly as possible. Just don't get caught trying to deliberately delay!

What should you do?

> Race home as quickly as possible

> Head home at a steady speed

> Deliberately take a wrong turn somewhere

> Look for something in the car that she can pee in

> Other

