Daniel and Amy - Page 12

*276*2016-06-13 05:17

Chapter 25:

Amy didn't pee for very long, in fact, only a second or two. But her lycra panties didn't restrict the wetness at all. Again, her legs were wet.

Dan was amazed. "Your pants don't even look wet! That's incredible. You must be soaked, but you don't look wet at all."

She laughed merrily, "Toldya! It's why I like wearing them! Even though mummy doesn't mind me wetting around the pool, it's nice to wear these and not be noticed. I've got a purple bikini as well, but that shows everything."

Dan was laying his towel out as she spoke, trying to keep his back turned to where the majority of other beach goers were. He was paranoid about the wet spot on his shorts. In truth, it wasn't very visible unless you were up fairly close to him, as it was hidden on the black cotton, but it certainly wasn't anywhere nearly as invisible as Amys bikinis wetness was.

"I'd like to see the purple one sometime Ames." He quickly sat on his towel.

"No doubt you will one day Danny, but not in public though!" She sat on her towel and swung her head around, taking it all in. "My God! I don't believe I'm dressed like this at a beach! I never ever leave the house without a nappy on, and just wearing panties feels so strange, even at home. I only ever wear just knickers or my bathers around the pool. I don't even like walking around inside without any protection on, just in case. I don't expect you'll understand, but not wearing any protection in my own backyard feels risky enough, even though I know it doesn't matter if I wet myself, but wearing just this in public, around other people! I feel naked!"

"Amy, you actually are nearly naked. Technically at least..."

She laughed. "I guess your right mate! But it's not that I'm like ashamed of my body at all, it's just being out without a diaper. It's so weird! I'd normally feel less shame being caught in the nude instead of wetting my pants in public. Being dressed like this feels kinda naughty somehow."

"Yeah, I get it. It must be kinda strange for you I guess." He reached into her bag and took the nearly empty bottle of water out, then drained it. Then, he bought the half empty bottle of iced tea out, drank deeply, and passed it to her.

"S'pose we're gonna have to be a little bit careful with this. I want us to drinking enough to have some fun, but we've still gotta catch the bus later. It could be awkward getting the bus seat wet again on the way home."

Amy blushed. "You're sooo right Dan. That was kinda horrible. But I couldn't hold it anymore. I thought doing a pre-emptive would stop any bad leaks later, but I forgot that these Goodnights don't cope as well as the Molicares. Also, I've never worn a boys pull up before. Oh hang on! I did last week, didn't I? I forgot about that! Anyway, these boys ones have the padding in a different place I think. More in the front, less where I need it. I could be wrong of course, it's been awhile since I had any of my own, but I'm sure I had more padding behind me in the girls ones. Or maybe it's just because I was a little girl then, and they felt thicker."

She paused for a drink, and drained the last of the tea. "Maybe I'll buy a pack of the girls ones and experiment. Hey! I know! You could try them too! You'd look cute in a pull up with butterflies on it!"

Dan just laughed, "Anything for you Ames. So, wanna go for a swim?"

"Not yet Dan. Let's give that last drink a chance to work its way through. I want to do another wetting first before I go in.

But from now on, we are officially in kids mode! You and I are eight years old, we're at the beach with a grown up, and we're allowed to pee in our pants if we have to go. Deal?" She stuck her hand out.

"Deal!" Said Dan, and shook it.

Trying to sound younger, Dan spoke first. "So whatcha wanna do Amy? Wanna play a game or sumfun?"

Matching his attempt at becoming a little kid, Amy clapped her hands excitedly. "I know! I know!" She squealed, "Let's dig a big hole!"

Little Dan and Amy started digging with there hands. They didn't feel like they had to continue with the little kiddie talk, but just tried to relax and play like children. In fact, Dan was a bit mortified when he realised that he wasn't really doing anything different than what he normally did at the beach. He always dug holes and mucked around in the sand, but up until now, he hadn't considered it to be childish behaviour. Even when he used to go with his friends, they were always digging holes and burying themselves and each other.

He wouldn't let on, but he was having one of those "lightbulb" moments that most kids have while they're growing up. He was suddenly a bit saddened to realise that his days of happily digging at the beach were numbered. He was growing up, and not a little kid anymore, and the realisation that simple pleasures like this were soon to be put away for good.

But not today at least.

Shortly after, they heard voices approaching. Looking back towards the ramp, they saw all the kids from the playground coming down, followed by two ladies carrying a small cooler. The boy in the red shorts was running ahead, and his pants were still wet. Maybe even wetter than before.

But he wasn't the only one this time. Now, there was another boy, also in red shorts, and he appeared to have wet himself as well.

They took up residence on the sand near Dan and Amy, although not right beside them. Dan noticed that the oldest girl in the pink swimsuit seemed to be potty dancing around a bit, and crossing her legs occasionally.

One of the grown ups produced a tube of sun cream, and started rubbing it on the kids backs and shoulders, starting with the boy who had wet himself in the playground. The other lady was doing the same to the other boy in wet pants, a younger kid of about six. Meanwhile, the older girl kept moving around nervously, even grabbing at her crotch occasionally.

Eventually, she sidled up to one of the ladies and whispered something. Dan and Amy could clearly hear her reply.

"For goodness sake Trisha. Can't you just wait a couple of minutes? I'll do you next! First your little brother, now you? I just want to put some cream on your shoulders first."

The girl said something else that they couldn't hear, and her mother responded. "For Heavens sake! Quick! Go in the water!"

Trisha didn't hesitate. She ran straight to the water, and didn't waste any time getting getting herself waist deep. She didn't put her head under, but just stood there for a minute, then walked back out to her mother, looking a lot more comfortable.

Amy and Daniel exchanged a secret smile. It was completely obvious, to them at least, that the little girl had just been told to go and pee in the water before she too, wet herself, like the two boys had.

The teenagers continued digging their hole. Soon, it was deep enough for them to comfortably sit on the side, facing each other, and put their feet in.

Dan didn't exactly NEED to pee again, but he knew that he could if he tried. He gave himself a squeeze on the front of his shorts, and while they still felt a bit damp, they now looked dry. He glanced around him, checking his surroundings. Apart from the two women who were sitting near them drinking beer and watching their kids, they were alone. The two women appeared oblivious to Dan and Amy, and didn't even glance in their direction.

Dan held the front of his shorts in an exaggerated display of desperation, and leaned over towards his girlfriend.

"Aaammmyy. I need to do a wee. Will you come up to the toilets with me?"

Amy looked at him with wide eyes. "Why Danny? Do ya need to do a poo or something?"

"No. Just a wee wee. But I gotta go, or I'm gonna have an accident!"

"Danny, it's okay to do a wee in your pants at the beach! Everyone does it!"

"Are you sure," he asked, trying to sound like a little boy, "I always get into trouble if I wet my pants! I don't wanna get into trouble or nothing!"

"You won't get into trouble! Look! I'll do it too!"

Amy spread her legs wide, still facing him from only a couple of feet away. The black lycra of her bikini briefs stretched tight across her private area, giving Dan a perfect view of her now visible camel toe.

Dan stared in wonder at the sight, and audibly gasped, when two seconds later, an arc of golden pee shot out, landing about two inches in front of her, and turning the sand a much darker colour. The pee stream stayed solid for a little while, before tapering off to a trickle, which didn't arc out anymore, but ran down the outside of her pants, before disappearing underneath her.

"See!" She said proudly. "You can just do a wee in your pants anytime! You're at the beach!"

"I'm gonna do it!" He exclaimed determinedly.

Instead of staying seated, Dan chose to stand. His feet were still in the hole, which was nearly three foot deep. This put the crotch of his shorts directly at Amys eye level, her head only a couple of feet away.

He was battling an erection that wanted to make itself known, but thanks to the nerves he felt about having his crotch so close to Amys face, he was able to maintain control.

He relaxed his bladder, but still had to push on his muscles a bit to get started. It didn't take long for him to feel the all too familiar s sensation of hot pee pouring into his pants.

A big dark wet patch exploded onto the front of his shorts, and within seconds, he had a waterfall running out of both leg holes, and splattering over his bare feet.

Looking down, he noticed that his pee was bouncing off his feet, and spraying Amys feet as well, but she made no effort to pull them out of the way, choosing instead to leave them in the hole, as the sand in the bottom grew dark and wet.

When he finished, he sat back down again, and pulled the legs of his shorts out straight. They were soaked, as was the front of them, and now it would be incredibly obvious to anyone who saw them, that the teenager had wet himself. He didn't feel like playing at being little anymore, in fact he felt scared instead.

His horror was visible on his boyish features, and Amy was quick to take control. She climbed out of the hole, her feet glistening with Dans pee all over them. Grabbing his hand, she helped him to his feet.

"C'mon Dan! Race ya to the water!"

He didn't need to be asked twice. He followed Amy, noticing that her bum was covered in sand, where it was apparently sticking to the wet fabric. She angled away from where the little kids were, keeping out of their parents eye line.

It was only when Dan was able to dive in the water that he again felt safe.

Amy surfaced beside him, squealing at the shock of the cold water.

"That was so much fun Dan! Let's do it again!"

*278*2016-06-13 21:21

{{14 hours ago, Spambulance said:

No idea how you find the time and motivation to keep producing this at such a rate! There always seems to be at least one new chapter every time I log in!

Anyway, I'm not sure whether you are keen to hear constructive criticism, but here goes. This may sound a little strange, but you might want to consider not having the characters use each others' names (or "mate" etc) so often when they are in conversation alone. It's just a minor thing, but it can be a little jarring at times.

Other than that, keep up the good work! I'm looking forward to seeing which way things go on the beach trip. I've got an idea of what I'd like to see but I'll keep quiet about that for now!

}}

Thanks for the feedback!

I agree with you actually, it's been a bad habit of mine. I have edited a lot of chapters first, decided they were good, posted them, then re-read them later and thought the same thing.

I guess that as I'm writing freestyle, making it up sentence by sentence, I'm not looking at the "big picture " of how much I use their names.

I read your comment, then went back over the last 3 chapters, and I have to agree with you, it looked a bit untidy.

Im always interested in any feedback that will help my writing, so point taken, with thanks. I'll endeavour to cut the references to each other down a bit.

Thanks for saying you're enjoying it.

Barry

*280*2016-06-14 05:18

This next chapter will make a total of 100, including the extra ending that got changed.

I can't believe it!

___

Chapter 26:

"I don't believe I just deliberately peed my shorts on the beach! After my school accident, I swore to myself that I'd never do that again, and I'd always just run into the water if I got desperate, even if I was fully dressed and would get into trouble. Now I'm wetting myself on purpose! I must be bloody mental!"

Amy was grinning at him. "I don't know what you're worried about. You're only a little boy remember? Little boys are allowed to do wees in their pants at the beach!"

As flustered as he felt, he had to laugh.

"Did you notice that other kid from the playground Ames? He looked like he'd wet himself too! And that girl was awful close as well I reckon!"

"Yeah, I saw both of them. I'll bet I know what happened. All those kids were running around barefoot, drinking heaps of cordial, and eventually needed the toilet. Instead of making them put their shoes on, then taking them to the loo, I'll bet they were told to just hold on until they got to the water. We saw the dark haired boy wet himself, and I guess when the little blonde haired kid needed to go, he either had an accident as well, or decided to just do it on purpose because he saw his friend didn't get into trouble. Or perhaps his mum even told him too!"

"After that, they decided that they had better get all the kids into the water ASAP. I don't think the girl in pink could've held on much longer either!"

Dan was nodding in agreeance, "I'll bet you're right. But the parents certainly didn't care about them wetting themselves though, did they? Anyway, I'm glad nobody's saw me! I was starting to think I might've really fucked up for a minute."

"Language Catholic boy! Don't sweat it, nobody saw you, and nobody is looking at us. Anyway, even if the did see you, so what? It's not like their gonna walk up to you and yell at you or anything."

"I know that" he replied, "but it's still unpleasant though, when people see your pissy pants, as you know!"

"Well you can stop stressing now buddy, you're nice and wet from swimming, and nobody saw you. Wanna go for a walk?"

He agreed, but insisted that they return to their belongings first. He emptied most of the spare clothes and things out of his backpacks, and put their spare Goodnights into Amys bag. He took their wallets and phones, put them in the backpack along with the last bottle of water, and off they went. "I never like leaving any valuables behind on the beach," he explained as he slipped it over his bare shoulders.

He rubbed a hand over his stomach. "What you said about feeling naked? I feel a bit like that myself actually. I never had a problem with walking around without a shirt on, but since I've gotten so, well, fat, I feel very self conscious about it."

Amy giggled. "You're not fat Danny! You're cuddly! I don't know why you worry about it so much. You've got a little bit of puppy fat around your tummy, that's all. I think your handsome!"

That made him feel a lot better, and he stopped trying to hide his stomach with his hand, using it to grab her hand instead. With no destination in mind, they walked along the very edge of the waterline, where the waves petered out over their feet. They spoke briefly and occasionally about mundane things, but on the whole they walked in silence, enjoying the warm sun on their bare skin, the cool water on their feet, and the soft touch of each other's hands. They had nowhere to go, all day to get there, and were simply enjoying the journey.

Stopping for a breather perhaps a kilometre away, they sat on the sand. Dan pulled out the water bottle and Amys cigarettes, and they sat there smoking and laughing, and trying to drink as much water as possible.

On the way back, Dan couldn't help noticing the attention that Amy was getting. There was a bunch of kids about their age kicking a soccer ball around higher up on the sand, and he noticed not only the boys, but girls as well we're watching them, or more particularly Amy, as they walked past.

The next time he noticed someone looking, it was kind of creepy. Two middle aged men, wearing speedos, with big stomachs hanging down, were standing together talking. One nudged the other, pointing openly at her, and they made no attempt to hide their interest.

When they started approaching a group of older kids who were walking towards them, Dan felt his stomach drop. These kids were a lot older, perhaps seventeen or even eighteen, and looked like they had been drinking. They were being quite loud, and pushing each other around roughly, trying to knock each other into the water. There were three girls and two boys, and while Dan wasn't sure, he thought that at least one of the big boys may have gone to his old school.

If he did, he would probably remember Dan as the famous "Eighth Grade Pants-Wetter."

The boys didn't pay Dan any attention at all, but were openly staring at Amy as they approached. Dan tried to subtly veer away from there path, but one of the older boys veered with them, maintaining a collision course.

He finished up standing in front of them, and the kids could see the slightly glazed quality in his eyes, that indicated either alcohol or drug consumption.

"Hey sexy! Whatcha up to?" He leered.

The kids didn't answer, trying to walk around him instead, but he stumbled back into their path, again blocking their way.

"Whoa, whoa whoa. Don't be rude now. I'm talking to you! I just asked what you're up to! I'm just being friendly is all."

One of the older girls he was with, yelled at him before they could formulate a reply.

"Greg! Leave em alone! Don't be an arsehole!"

"Shut up Cassie. I'm just trying to be nice to this young hottie. Seen what she's with? I feel sorry for her, she probably needs a man, not a little kid like this dweeb." He was pointing directly at Dans chest.

Amy grabbed Dans arm, "Come on Dan, we're going." She tried to step around the bigger boy.

But Greg had other ideas. Reaching out, he grabbed Amys upper arm, halting her progress.

"Oww! Let go of me you prick!" She yelled at him.

Without thinking about it, Dan stepped forward, and shoved the much bigger boy in the chest. Unfortunately for Dan, Greg was at least a foot taller, and perhaps twenty kilos heavier than what he was, so the effect of his shove was minimal.

Letting go of Amys arm, the bigger boy turned his full attention towards Daniel.

"You want to go do you mate? Think you're a big man do ya? Alright then." He grinned wickedly. "I'm going to fucking kill you!"

The three girls with him started yelling, and his friend, who Daniel now realised was a kid named Troy who was a student at his last school, came running over and grabbed Gregs arm, just as he had drawn it back to throw a punch.

"Leave it man! They're kids for fucks sake! What the hell are you doing?"

"This fat little bastard pushed me. He wants to be a big hero in front of his little slut? Fine! I'm gonna rip him a new arsehole!"

With that, he shook Troy's hand off his arm, stepped towards Dan, and swung his hand back. Dan, who had dropped his bag, and was now standing in what he hoped look like a boxers stance, felt numb. He was aware that his bladder twitched, and he knew subconsciously that if he hadn't peed recently, he would be wetting himself again right then and there.

The next thing he knew, Greg was on his knees, his arm, which had just been cocked and ready to punch, was now being held up above the bigger boys head, and was in some sort of wrist lock, being held in place by a fit looking man in his twenties.

The man applied pressure to Gregs arm, and he screamed. Troy at first stood back, then hesitatingly took half a step forward.

Without releasing his hold on Gregs arm, the older man reached effortlessly into his back pocket, and withdrew his wallet, which he opened with a flick of his wrist.

"Think about it son," he said, and Troy immediately stepped back quickly. "Unless you and your girlfriends want an attempted assault charge as well, I'd move the fuck along. Right away.

"Yes officer" was all Troy could mumble, and seeming to instantly forget their friend, the three girls and him almost ran as they hurried away.

Greg tried to move, but he was held firmly. The man, who Dan now noticed was tall, muscular, and extremely fit looking, gave Gregs wrist another tug, causing him to scream again. It sounded like he was about to cry.

"Want to add resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer to the charges boy?"

Greg just whimpered in pain and embarrassment.

The man sighed, released his hold, and pulled him to his feet. In one quick motion, he spun Greg around, and planted a kick right in the seat of the boys backside, sending him running down the beach, apparently in a sudden hurry to catch up with his friends.

The shirtless man blushed as he received a round of applause from his friends. Dan noticed that they were all strong, fit looking men and women, sitting around an esky drinking soft drinks. He realised that they were probably all off duty cops.

Amy was hitching her breath, and her eyes were watery. She threw her arms around Dans neck, and hugged him fiercely.

The man placed a gentle hand on her shoulder. "Shhh. Calm down little lady. You're all right now. They're gone." He turned his attention to Dan. Are you okay mate?" Dan just nodded.

The man stuck out his hand. "I'm Paul Jaworski. OFFICER Jaworski. That poor kid. Out of all the places to pick a fight, he chose to pick one in front of a group of cops!" He chuckled, shook his head, then addressed Dan directly.

"And you son, must have balls of steel. Be more careful next time aye? That kid was twice your size. He could've really hurt you. But while it was kind of cool that you'd stick up for your girlfriend, try not to use violence next time, okay?"

Dan shook his hand, and introduced himself and Amy, agreeing wholeheartedly that perhaps trying to push Greg hadn't been the smartest idea he'd ever had. Amy wasn't so reticent. She let go of Dan, and hugged Officer Jaworski. "Thank you so much! I really thought he was going to hurt us."

The cop looked a bit embarrassed. "Anytime sweetheart. Just be careful when you guys leave, okay? You probably don't want to run into them again later. "He winked at Dan, "Take care of her Tiger."

As he rejoined his friends, they were giving him high fives and teasing him mercilessly.

Dan picked up his bag, took a firm hold of Amys hand, and they headed back towards their towels, blissfully unaware that the group of cops were all watching them, and commenting on how cute they looked.

One of the women leaned over to Paul, "Good job Paul. That poor little girl was so scared I think she actually wet herself a little bit. I saw it just before you grabbed that little prick."

"Can't say I blame her. Her boyfriend was about to get his arse handed to him. I'm just glad that I was there to stop it. I mean did you see that little feller sticking up for his girlfriend? Brave little dude!"

After a few more pats on the back from his colleagues, Amy and Dan were forgotten, and the cops continued to enjoy their time off.

Amy was squeezing Dans hand tightly. Her breath was still coming in short gasps, but she seemed to be calming down.

"You were very brave you know. I can't believe how you pushed that idiot!"

"I can't believe it either. I don't know what I was thinking! I guess it's because I don't run real fast."

She saw him smiling, and guessed quite correctly that his comment was an effort to hide how scared he'd been. She was right.

They sat back on their towels. Dan opened the water bottle, and found his hand was slightly shaking. "I'll tell you one thing. I'm glad I peed not long ago! When that big kid was going to punch me, I felt myself losing control. It's a good thing I didn't have any left, or it would've been even more embarrassing."

"Well I can do better than that Danny. I actually did pee myself a bit. Right in front of all those cops! I'm so glad they didn't notice!" She put a hand between her legs, and squeezed her pants. "Yep! All nice and warm down there again!"

Dan felt himself start to stiffen as he watched her checking her panties.

"So, after all that, what do we do now?"

She gave him one of her "wicked" grins. "How about you lose the shorts, and come for a swim in your little speedos?"

"WHAT? Fuck no! I'm not doing that!"

"Come on Dan! Lots of guys are wearing them! We'll run straight into the water, and nobody will see anything, plus, it'll give your pants a chance to dry!"

Dan was shaking his head vehemently.

"Come on! I dare you! I double dare you!"

He was still unconvinced.

"So what you're saying, is you're brave enough to get into a fight with a kid who's twice your size, but you're too chicken to go swimming in your bathing suit? A bathing suit that I've already seen you in? Not to mention the nappies, pull ups, swim diaper, and onesie that I've already seen you in!"

"Dammit Ames! It's not just you! There's other people here as well ya know! I haven't worn my speedos in public for years!"

She put a hand on his upper leg, and traced an imaginary pattern.

"I don't think you're being very fair you know! I'm wearing next to nothing in public, and I happen to think that you looked really kinda sexy in your little bathers. You've got a very cute bum ya know! Come on! It'll be fun! There's no one around us, on that side at least, and you can run straight into the water. Go on!"

Feeling completely coerced, he hung his head and sighed deeply. "If you reeaallly want me to?"

She clapped her hands in excitement. "I really do." He went to stand up, and she grabbed his arm. "But Danny, I don't want you to get under the water straight away."

He looked quizzically at her.

"I want to watch you wet yourself in them first!"

*283*2016-06-14 09:38

{{1 hour ago, Flower said:

Wouldn't it be horrible for them if their pull ups were gone when they got back to Amy's bag......

}}

Shhh. No spoilers....

*285*2016-06-14 11:44

Chapter 27:

Sighing deeply, Dan looked around. The two mothers who had been watching their kids, were now swimming with them. There wasn't another person within 100 meters of them.

Remaining seated on his towel, he lifted his backside , and wriggled out of his shorts. They were nearly dry by now, and he laid them flat at the head of his towel. Now clad only in his speedos, which were also nearly dry, he drew his knees up, feeling incredibly exposed and more than a touch insecure.

Amy couldn't stop grinning. There was a reason behind her request. Simple curiosity.

She knew that Dan and her were of a very similar mental and emotional maturity, but she also realised that physically, she was probably a lot further developed than what Dan was. Her puberty had started a lot earlier, and physically at least, she was more woman than little girl. By his own admission Dan wasn't as developed as he would of liked, not as hairy, not as strong, and not as "big." She had already made the suggestion of showing each other their private bits, and he had agreed, but after seeing him in his bathers at home, she was very curious as to how "big" he might actually be.

From a personal point of view, she didn't care in the slightest. She loved him so much, and realised that he was still only fourteen and had a lot of growing in front of him, not just puberty wise, but growth in general, and if he continued to grow into his adulthood with his current boyish good looks, he would be doing alright.

But still, she was curious.

She jumped up, and grabbed his hand. "That's the way mate! Come on! Let's go!"

At first he held back, looking for any excuse not to stand up. "Not yet. I'm, uh, not ready to pee yet. Give me a moment. It's coming."

"Come on! Stop stalling! Let's swim! The sooner you get up, the sooner you can hide in the water!"

Sighing yet again, Dan allowed himself to be dragged to his feet. He could not believe he was doing this. Even his mother didn't see him in just his briefs anymore! Then he remembered his mother helping him with his diaper tapes, and he relented. Feeling like he was completely naked, and embarrassed by not only the figure he cut in his speedos, but also his slightly chubby tummy, he took her hand and hurried towards the ocean. The relief he felt that nobody was between them and the water was intense. If there had of been, he probably couldn't of been talked into this.

There was one thing at least, his nerves, combined of course with the large amount of water he'd been guzzling, meant that he could definitely pee again.

They entered the water. There was only small waves, and the wash only went ankle deep, although the water felt cold on their feet. Standing in the shallows, Dan kept putting first one hand, then the other, in front of his crotch. Whichever hand wasn't on crotch protection duty, was on tummy protection duty, and he kept swapping them with each other. Amy was stealing glances at his crotch, and couldn't understand why he felt embarrassed. From what she could see, he filled out his tight little bathers quite handsomely.

Dan on the other hand saw it quite differently. As nervous as he was, he was actually starting to get aroused. Even though he felt embarrassed, standing there, nearly naked, in front of his girlfriend was kind of hot. Added to the fact that he now needed to pee, and kept touching himself, meant that his boyhood was starting to grow.

"Are you alright Little Danny? You look kinda nervous."

"I need to pee. I wanna go to the potty."

"Just do what you did before, remember? You're allowed to do wees in your bathers! Your mummy isn't gonna take you allll the way back up to the potty. Just do it in your pants! Like this..."

"Little Danny" was now holding himself through the tight green lycra of his bathers, and had his knees pressed close together. As he watched, "Little Amy" suddenly had pee running freely down her legs. She was still peeing when he felt warmth in his hand, and suddenly he was peeing with her. Both kids stood only feet apart from each other, as they watched themselves wetting their pants. When they had finished, Amys bikini still looked the same, but Dans briefs had a huge dark wet spot on them, and the bulge behind it seemed a lot bigger.

"Uh oh! Amy, I think I had an accident!"

"I know! I saw it! But don't worry, I wet my pants too. But our mums won't mind, promise!"

They looked at each other, and burst into laughter. It seemed like the funniest thing they'd ever done, and it broke the spell of their "little" mood.

He looked around, making sure that no one had been watching them, then shouted "C'mon!" and took a few big lunging steps before diving into the water, giving himself some much wanted privacy.

When he surfaced in deeper water, Amy was still wading in slowly, wincing at the cold. He teased her a bit, and eventually she too took the plunge, diving into the deeper water.

They splashed around for a while, not really swimming, just mucking around, playing silly games with each other, and of course peeing whenever the mood struck them. At one stage Amy swam up to him, and wrapped her legs around his waist. Dan put his hand under her backside to support her, and relished the feeling of her bum as they kissed each other in the water.

By unspoken agreement, the kids started to walk out of the ocean and back to their towels. Dan seemed to have gotten over his shyness, and didn't try to hide his body as they walked. Amy found this to be a bit amusing, as the cold water had obviously had an adverse effect on his boyhood, and his speedos now produced a much smaller bulge than they had earlier. In fact, they were almost perfectly flat.

She would never point this out of course.

They dried themselves off quickly but not exactly thoroughly, and Dan was relieved too at least put his singlet back on, regaining at least some of his modesty. He knew his briefs would dry quickly, so he didn't bother putting his now dry shorts over his wet bathers. He didn't feel so exposed while he was sitting on his towel anyway.

"How many smokes have we got left?" Amy asked.

Checking the packet, he replied "Only two."

"Wanna save them for tonight? I don't really want to smoke with all those cops on the beach, even though they were nice."

Dan agreed, and used the towel he was sitting on to blot more moisture out of his bathers. "Yeah, I agree. We'll take 'em to the pictures, and have them after we eat. Are we agreed on seeing the new Marvel movie?"

They discussed their viewing options for a while, then started talking about getting ready to go home.

"I was gonna use the open shower up there," he told her, "but I'm just about dry now. I might just slip into a pull up in the toilets first, but leave the shower till when we get home."

"Dunno Dan. I've got sand all through my bloody hair. I might have a rinse off up there, then take my bikini off before I put the pull up on. I'm getting kinda itchy!"

"Before we go, we should play a game of frisbee! I bought it along, and it's kinda a shame not to use it!"

Amy agreed, and reached for her big bag. She started looking, and soon a worried expression crossed her pretty features. She swore softly under her breath, and started searching even more frantically.

"Danny, sweetie, please tell me that you've got the pull ups in your backpack."

"No Ames. You saw me put them in your bag when we went for a walk. I've got your purse, my wallet, our phones, and the water bottle, but that's all. Why?"

"Shit! Because Dan, someone's been through my bag. The ball, frisbee, and wet wipes are gone. So are our Goodnights!"

She looked at him fearfully. "How am I gonna get back home? I can't catch the bus without a nappy on!"

*286*2016-06-14 11:47

{{1 hour ago, Flower said:

Hahaha sorry Barry!

}}

I thought I had that planned so well! Dan putting them into her bag before they left them behind to go for a walk.

Nobody would see that coming I thought!

Curse you Detective Flower!

Lmao.

*290*2016-06-15 06:48

{{10 minutes ago, alexwbj said:

I am still following and enjoying this, despite the fact that I have been off internet a lot lately. I am a bit behind in my reading of the chapters and even deliberately staying behind so as to eke them out in order to always have something more to read tomorrow! That makes it harder to interact and comment, so I'm skipping to the end of the thread to let you know I'm here and still an avid follower of Daniel and Amy's adventures.

My personal favourite is when they both wet their underpants and shorts on purpose without nappies and watch each other do it (or anything close to that). Besides the omorashi aspect, I love the gradual development of their relationship and the affection they feel and show for each other. In response to someone else's comment a while back, begging to differ, I do not personally find it at all jarring when they address each other by name.

This is more common in some cultural or social contexts than others, and might not be normal practice for all readers in their own lives, but literature of all kinds creates its own special rules and I think it's sweet when they use each other's names. In general I think you're doing a really great job as a writer and the result is very effective, so while I appreciate and commend your wish to improve and perfect, my advice is not to worry too much and continue your practice of writing from the heart, unreflectingly, and letting it flow naturally. It works!

Well done!

Alex

}}

Thank you very much for your kind words, Alex.

When the topic of the names came up, it was something that I was already sort of aware of. I'd noticed it myself before, but no one had mentioned it, so I didn't bother to much about it.

When it was mentioned, I re-read some chapters, then compared it to how some of my favourite authors, King and Koontz, handle long conversations between characters, and decided that the criticism was indeed spot on.

While it sounds good at the time of writing, in retrospect "real" people don't constantly address each other so much.

But this is a learning curve, and I'm aiming to improve as I go along.

Thanks for your support, I'm glad you're still enjoying this saga!

Barry

*291*2016-06-16 02:20

Chapter 28:

"Don't panic," he said, "are ya sure?"

"Off course I'm bloody sure!" She snapped. "My bags not so freaking big that I can just misplace four bloody pull ups! And your ball and frisbee as well! Ah shit! What are we gonna do? I can't catch the bus like this!"

"What about your clothes? Have you still got your skirt and top?"

Her jaw dropped. "My clothes....." She unfolded a spare towel, and found them rolled up inside. "Phew! They're still here. I almost forgot I wrapped them in my other towel."

"So we're fine then. I'll just call mum. She'll pick us up, and she can bring some spare pull ups with her."

"Do you think she'd mind Dan? I kinda hate to ask, but I can't catch a bus without a nappy on!"

"She won't mind. Promise. I'll call her."

He rummaged in his backpack, and found his phone. "Fuck. It's nearly flat. Hang on." But as soon as he opened his contacts list, his phone beeped, then died.

Seeing the look of anguish on Amys face, he tried to calm her.

"Don't panic baby. Your phones here. Ring our landline, you've got the number."

"Good idea" she said with obvious relief, opening it up, and selecting the number from her contact list before passing it to Dan. He listened to it ring. And ring. And ring, before it rang out.

"She must be out," he informed her.

"Well can you try her mobile then? You've gotta get her somehow!"

Dan was starting to look concerned. "I don't know her mobile number Ames. You know what it's like, it's just programmed into my phone, I never actually have to dial it!"

They sat in silence for a couple of minutes, trying to think of a plan. Coming up empty handed, Dan tried his home phone again, but still got no answer.

"I suppose we could buy some pull ups. Have you got any money?"

Amy shook her head. "I only brought ten bucks with me, and the ice tea cost five something, so I've only got four bucks and some change left. How about you?"

"Nah. I'm the same. Bought ten from home, and spent five of it on lunch. I didn't even bring my ATM card. Hey! What about your card?"

"I didn't even bring my card from home, only cash."

Again they lapsed into silence, before Dan tried ringing his house yet again. He cursed under his breath. "We've got a bloody answering machine you know, but it's obviously not switched on, and I can't even leave a message!"

Amy was looking quite upset by now. "Well, what're we gonna do then?"

"Well Ames, I reckon we're just gonna have to catch the bus. I think you're worrying too much about it really. You can have a wee in the toilet before we go, and it only takes twenty or so minutes to get to our stop. You'll be fine!"

She rounded on him instantly, the fury evident in her eyes.

"Fuck me Daniel! You're supposed to be my fucking boyfriend, and even after all the stuff we've talked about, you obviously haven't heard a word I've said! Have you? I'm nearly completely incontinent Dan! I don't just have a slightly dodgy bladder like you do, I have nearly no fucking control whatsoever! Yes, I like to play games, yes I like to wet my diapers on purpose sometimes, but this is different mate! Jesus! You've seen me. I leak almost constantly. I don't even know when I've pissed myself half the time! Now you expect me to just catch the fucking bus? After the amount we've been drinking today? Christ Daniel! It'll be running down my damn legs before we've gone two stops!"

She wasn't yelling, but her voice had gotten substantially louder, and now, there were tears forming in the corners of her pretty green eyes. He had never seen her so upset.

But after her outburst, she sucked in a deep, shuddering breath, closing her eyes, and forcing a tear out of each of them. When she opened them again, she saw Dan. He looked absolutely crestfallen, almost on the verge of tears himself. It was almost like seeing a little boy who has just been bitten by a puppy. Not in pain, but hurt and in shock.

"Oh Danny! I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to be such a bitch! Come here."

She moved beside him, and draped an arm around his shoulders, hugging him tightly. "I'm just scared, that's all. I know it's not your fault of course. I just don't wanna wet myself on the bus, that's all."

"It's okay Ames. I do get it. I'm sorry for pushing you. I guess that I do forget sometimes that it's not all fun and games. I should know better. I guess it's just that we've had so much fun over the last couple of weeks, like deliberately wetting ourselves and stuff, I kinda forgot for a moment just how serious it can be."

He put his own arm around her, kissed a loose tear off her cheek, and gave her a gentle hug. "But, I still stand by what I said though."

She had pulled back a bit, and was obviously about to speak. He put his finger up to her lips in a "shushing" gesture, and continued.

"Hear me out babe, we can make this work. As I said, you do a wee in the toilets just before we catch the bus okay? Then, you drape your dry towel around your shoulders before we get on. When we sit down, put your towel on the seat first. It won't look suspicious at all, because everyone knows we've just been to the beach. They'll just be thinking you've got a wet bathing suit on. If you do leak, people will just be thinking it's your bathers. Your skirts black anyway, so it probably won't show up even if you did have an accident. Then, we can always get off the bus early, we don't have to get all the way home, just close."

He could see her considering his idea.

"If we can get within a mile or so of my place, and you get desperate, we just get off. There's heaps of parks and stuff to walk through, and you can just pee under your skirt whilst your standing on the grass or something!"

"Jeez Dan, you make it sound easy. I don't know if I could do that."

"Remember our talk last night? You said that the only thing you haven't done is wet yourself in public in a dress and no nappy. You said you'd like to try it at a concert or something. Well, I can't offer you a concert, but here's your chance to cross something else off your list!"

He was grinning now, obviously pleased with his idea. "Honestly, what's the difference between that, and when you wet yourself after we got off the bus earlier and your pull up leaked everywhere? None! You'll have your towel around your shoulders so you can wipe your legs, and if we're careful, no one will see anything."

Concluding his great plan, he shrugged his shoulders. "Hey, it's not perfect, but what else is there? We can't walk home, it'd take us forever, so it's all we can do."

Defeated, she sighed loudly. "I s'pose your right. And I DID say that I'd like to try a sneaky public wee under my skirt, it's just that I guess I kinda wanted to have a bit more choice about doing it. But that bit doesn't really bother me. It's the bus ride that's freaking me out the most. But you're right. I'll just have to sit on my towel and hope I don't get my skirt all wet. Thank God it's black I suppose."

She looked around them, checking that they were still alone. "I guess I kinda knew that one day my wetting games would come back to haunt me. I mean I love deliberately drinking way to much and putting myself in the position of making accidents happen, especially with you! It's so much fun!" She kissed him quickly on the cheek, letting him know she was serious. "But this afternoon we've drunk three litres of water, and a litre and a half of iced tea between us. It doesn't matter how many times I go to the toilet, I'm still gonna spring a leak or two."

Amy rubbed a hand over her panties. "I'm nearly dry now, just a bit damp. But now I'm scared to get up. I'll probably start leaking before I even get to the toilet."

"So? What's the big deal? Little girls are allowed to go in their swimsuits, remember?"

He was pleased to see her laugh, even a little bit at his joke.

"I know that Little Danny. But I don't want to have a wet arse before we even get on the damn bus! I might try and pull my bathers aside and do a wee here, before we go. Try and keep them dry, ya know?"

She grinned at him, with a glint in her eyes. "Wanna watch?"

When Dan choked and coughed, she squealed with delight, quickly crossing her legs as she did so. "See! That's what I'm talking about! I don't even feel the slightest urge to pee whatsoever, but I just dribbled a tiny bit when I laughed. I've been peeing flat out in the water for ages, but I still keep leaking, even though I can't have much left in me. I tell ya, this bus trip is going to be hard for me."

Amy stood up, and stepped into the big hole that they had dug earlier. She sat down with her back to him, looking around in front of her to make sure nobody was around. Reaching down, she grabbed the crotch of her bathers, feeling a little warm wet patch beneath her fingers. She wriggled her bum a bit, and managed to pull them aside. Giving a firm push, she looked down as a sharp jet of pee shot out, arcing straight out before splattering into the sand between her feet.

It didn't take long, as she was already nearly empty, but although it worked fine at first, as the arc petered out, the last bits of her stream ended up trickling down the front of her panties anyway, soaking into them and running under her backside.

Dan hadn't been brave enough to take her up on her offer of letting him watch, even though he had been sorely tempted, and thought that she would have let him, had he stood in front of her. But standing behind her and slightly to the side, he had been able to watch her pee arcing out in front of her.

He suddenly became aware that his penis was now standing fully at attention, and threatening to pop out of the top of his speedos at any moment. In a panic, he quickly picked up his board shorts and stepped into them, not even bothering to shake the sand off them first. Knowing that his girlfriend had just pulled her little black panties aside, exposing herself while she peed, was quite simply one of the hottest things he'd ever witnessed.

Stepping out of the hole, she was pulling at the crotch of her pants, feeling how wet they were. "Well, that didn't work very well" she said, "I still ended up pissing myself anyway!" She grabbed the damp towel, and blotted her panties, then wiped her legs and feet. "Oh well. At least I tried. They'll probably be wet by the time we get home anyway.

Then she noticed Dan had his shorts on, and was producing what appeared to be a tent in the front of them. She winked at him, enjoying the knowledge that doing something that so many people would find disgusting, had such a positive effect on her boyfriend.

Stepping into her skirt, then slipping her t-shirt on, she started packing her belongings.

"Come on then. Let's get this over with."

*293*2016-06-16 13:05

Chapter 29:

As they got to the top of the ramp, they saw their bus leaving. "Dammit," Dan said, we'll have to wait at least half an hour now I reckon, being a Saturday. I'll go and check the timetable." Amy felt more security standing in a quiet spot on the grass foreshore, so she waited whilst he crossed the busy road. When he returned, he confirmed that it would indeed be a thirty minute wait for the next bus.

Both kids were thirsty, probably from the salt water, so Dan spent the last of his money on two small bottles of lemonade, which they took over to a park bench near the toilet block. At first Amy was reluctant to drink, but her thirst was soon overpowering her reticence.

Dan tried calling his house again, but there was still no answer. "I don't know where mums got too. She didn't say anything about going out. I hope everything's alright."

"I'm sure it is Danny. She would've taken her mobile with her, but would expect you'd be able to reach her with yours."

She reached across the table, and took his hand in hers. "Danny, I'm so sorry for yelling at you, and for what I said."

"Toldya not to worry about it. I know you were upset. It's cool."

"No. It wasn't. I feel so terrible about like talking down to you about your own bladder problems. That was just so mean of me! Out of all the kids I've ever met, you're the only one whose got any idea about what incontinence is like, because you have it. Fair enough it's not as bad as mine, but you've had more than your fair share of wet pants and stuff, and I just wrote it off like it was nothing! Being upset isn't an excuse. I'm so glad you're not like really pissed at me or anything."

He squeezed her hand. "I don't think I could ever be pissed at you baby. I love you, remember? And I deserved it."

Amy started to interject, trying to tell him otherwise, but he wouldn't listen.

"No Ames. You were dead right. I wasn't taking it seriously enough. It's just like I said. We've been making such a big game out of our wetting, I actually did forget just how serious it can be. I mean just today alone we must've wet ourselves like a hundred times or something, and it's been a big joke. I guess I just wasn't thinking about the consequences," he paused, "is that the right word?" She nodded, and he continued, "the consequences of being stuck without protection."

Draining the last of his lemonade, he stared at the empty bottle. "It's not just you either. I should've been thinking about myself as well. I mean you were right, my problem isn't as bad as yours, nowhere near it, but I can usually manage it. I go to the loo regularly, and even though I can't hold on for a real long time, I can for a while. But lately at least, I've usually always got at least a pull up on if I like leave the house at all. But now, I'm in the same kinda boat as you are. If I start to get desperate on the bus, I'll probably piss myself, so I'm gonna have to be careful as well."

They smiled at each other, and he stood up. "I really probably shouldn't have got us those drinks, but I was like sooo thirsty. I'm gonna go to the toilet already, just in case. You?"

"Great idea Catholic boy. I will too."

Both kids used their respective toilets without any problems, and Amy was pleased to find that her bikini bottoms were only a bit damp by now. She didn't have any panties to change into, so they would have to do for now.

They met each other on the footpath, and held hands as they headed back to the table. The group of off duty police officers were walking off the ramp, and the kids waved at them, with all the cops returning the gesture.

Once out of earshot, one of the female cops said to Paul, "How old do ya reckon those kids are? They do make a cute little couple!"

"Not sure," he replied, "I would've thought the little bloke was about twelve or thirteen, but his sweetheart is obviously older than that. She could be fifteen or so I guess. Kids that age usually hang with others the same age, so I'll split the difference and say perhaps fourteen? It's a good age to be. You're young enough to still be a kid, but old enough to have some independence. If I ever have kids, that's the age I'm looking forward to. Mature, but not grown up yet."

She put her arm around his waist. "You're a good man Paul, and you'll make a great father one day," she said, and they headed to the car park.

Amy and Dan spent the next ten minutes just chilling out. Yet again he tried ringing his mother, with still no response. By now, Amys phone was starting to go flat as well. They decided to give up, and save the last of her battery for an emergency. Amy went to the toilet one more time, and then they went to the bus stop, making it just as the bus was pulling up.

Being late in the day, this bus was carrying more passengers than their first one. A lot of people were heading home after their beach excursion. They found a seat halfway down, and Amy took the dry towel she had been carrying around her neck, and subtly draped it on the window seat. When Dan sat beside her, giving her a bit of visual cover, she managed to pull her skirt out from under her buttocks at least a bit, and could feel the towel on the back of her thighs. In a show of solidarity, they held hands as the bus pulled away from the kerb.

The ride was uneventful, although the trip seemed to take a bit longer than before, as the bus stopped at every stop they came too. It was starting to look like they would get back without incident, until Amy suddenly felt a familiar warmth on her thighs. She tightened her grip on Dans hand, squeezing it tightly as she battled for control. He naturally knew what her sudden grip was indicating, so he didn't react.

Apparently she had suffered one of her many little leaks that she often had without even realising it. This was why her nappy was often quite wet when she removed it, not even knowing that she'd wet it until taking it off.

"How much longer?"

"Still a little bit further before we can get off. Are you okay?"

She just nodded, not trusting herself to speak.

By this stage, Dan himself was regretting not making a second trip to the toilet like Amy had. The lemonade was working through him, and the very first stage of needing to go was now upon him. He wasn't at all desperate yet, but knew full well that once he started feeling it, it would come on quickly. But he had confidence that he'd be able to make it home okay. After all, they were now well past the halfway point.

He was jerked out of his thoughts by Amy pulling on his hand. "We've gotta get off! I'm starting to leak! You have to find me a park or something. Quickly!"

Dan considered their options. If they could just wait for another few blocks, they would come to a park with toilets in it, and only be a few blocks from his house. If they got off now, they could still walk the distance easily enough, but there wouldn't be any toilets to use.

"Can you hold on for five more minutes?"

Amy grunted, and her whole body seemed to tense up. "Uh uh. I'm dripping Dan," she whispered. "I've gotta get off like right now."

The decision was out of his hands. He pushed the next stop button, and thirty seconds later the bus pulled up.

Thankfully by now, it had emptied out most of the passengers. He stood up, and waited for Amy to stand. When she did, her skirt fell back into place, and he saw that the light blue towel on which she'd been sitting, was now sporting a dark blue wet patch the size of a large saucer. She scooped it up quickly, and stuffed it into her bag. As they walked toward the front door, Dan saw a single drop fall from under Amys skirt.

Amy managed to maintain her composure however, and showed no outward signs of desperation to anyone who may've been watching. The bus had deposited them beside a busy road, and there wasn't a park or toilet in sight.

"Daaaannn. Help me here. I'm about to wet myself."

"There's a park right around that corner. We're gonna cut through it. Just try to hold on for another minute."

"Urgh" she grunted. "Now I'm up, I'm busting! I'll try though. Hurry up and get me there."

Dan took her bag with one hand, and grabbed hers with his other one. They took off in a fast walk. There were quite a few people walking around, enjoying the late afternoon sunshine, and Amy was glancing around nervously. It felt like every step she took was making the urine in her bladder slosh around. It was like trying to walk with an overfilled glass inside her abdomen, and little drops kept splashing over the top of it.

An elderly lady walking a Pomeranian smiled at them as she approached, then stopped in front of them.

"Excuse me, have you got the time please? I left home without my watch when I took Princess here for a walk, and I need to get home by four o'clock to start dinner, and...."

The old lady started droning on. She was now explaining to Dan just what her husband was doing, and seemed like she was going to keep talking for hours.

Sensing his girlfriends distress, Dan tried to find her phone in the bag, so they could tell the old lady the time, and get on their way quickly, but without being rude about it. He let go of Amys hand, put the bag down, and knelt to search through it. The lady turned her attention to Amy, and kept up her constant stream of chatter without even pausing.

As he looked for the phone, his eyes were drawn to Amys little feet, clad only in her pink flip flops, which were planted beside the bag. She had painted her toenails bright red that morning, and as he searched, he saw how she kept scrunching her toes up. Then without warning, two drops of pee fell from beneath her skirt, and left little wet spots on the concrete between her pretty feet.

He honestly didn't know how she was managing to hold on. He knew that she would normally have lost all control by now, so the very fact that she hadn't yet was extremely surprising. But seeing the drips on the ground, also reignited his need for release as well, and this time he was definitely feeling it.

"Found it!" He exclaimed. Checking the time, he declared "It's nearly four o'clock ma'am. I didn't know it was so late! We're gonna get into trouble soon. Our mums wanted us home by now. I'm sorry, but we've gotta go."

The lady thanked them nicely, but before she could start talking again, Dan grabbed Amys hand and started dragging her away. "Come on Ames. My mums gonna kill me!"

"Thanks Dan. I thought that old bat wasn't going to shut up. My knickers are so wet right now.... "

"Mine might be soon as well," he said. "I really shoulda gone again before we got on the bus. I woulda been okay if we stayed on the bus, but I might be in trouble now."

"I'm sorry Danny. But I couldn't help it. I had to get off, I was wetting myself."

"It's not your fault babe. It's mine. I shoulda just gone."

They turned the corner into the side street which was a lot quieter. Amy froze on the spot. A trickle was now running down her left leg. Dan didn't let her stand for long, he pulled her along, wanting to get into the park across the road.

"Listen to me! If you're gonna wet yourself, just wait till we get to the park. The people in these houses won't see us as much in there."

They hurried across the narrow road, and stepped into the park. The path led towards a small playground, and Dan was extremely relieved to find it deserted. "Quick! Over here!" He led her onto the grass, expecting her to just stand on the grass and wet herself.

She surprised him by hurrying onwards towards a bench that was sitting on a concrete plinth, but then he saw that it was semi concealed by some bushes on one side. Wasting no time, she hitched up her skirt, and sat down.

"Quick Dan. Stand in front of me in case anyone comes along!"

He did as she asked, and saw that the sun, which was shining over his shoulder, was reflecting off the wetness of her black bikini bottoms.

As he watched, a torrent shot through the already sodden lycra, pouring downwards at a great rate of knots, to produce a waterfall that cascaded through the wooden slats of the bench, to form a huge puddle on the cement below her. She closed her eyes, issued a very loud groan of pure relief, and shuddered slightly as the splattering of her stream started tapering off. By the time she had emptied her bladder, the puddle beneath her was nearly two foot across, and was running down the side of the plinth.

Suddenly, Dan felt his own bladder twitch. The sight of his girlfriend peeing had aroused him at first, but had also distracted him, and he'd lost the concentration that had been keeping his own bladder in check. He felt a few drops leak out, and quickly grabbed the front of his shorts, finding a wet spot.

"Shit!" He exclaimed in shock, and seeing no option, he stepped as far into the bush as he could, and pulled the front of his shorts and now wet speedos down, and relieved himself, hoping that nobody was about to walk past.

When he stepped out, he had a tennis ball sized wet spot on his black shorts, but thankfully it wasn't terribly obvious on the black cotton.

Amy noticed it though. She was now standing up, and had her towel under her skirt, wiping her panties and legs with it.

She pointed to the wet patch on his shorts, and spoke in her "Little Amy" voice.

"I hope our mums aren't gonna be cross with us for doing wee wees in our pants at the playground Little Danny!"

*295*2016-06-17 06:11

Chapter 30:

"Pass me the towel please."

He took it, and stuffed it down the front of his shorts, and started rubbing the front of his bathers with it. "That was kinda stupid. I leaked a tiny bit, but it probably wouldn't have shown through onto my pants at all, but of course I had to grab myself without thing about it. I squeezed the pee out onto my shorts. Idiot!"

"You'll be fine. They'll be dry in five minutes. Let's just hang out here for a while and let them dry."

Pointing at the the bench, which had pee dripping off it, and a huge puddle beneath it, he replied, "We'll hang out for a bit, but maybe not here aye? It looks pretty obvious what's happened here if anyone comes along."

Picking up their belongings, they started down the path. They soon passed a man walking with two young children, seemingly on their way towards the playground. Dan dropped his backpack in front of his wet spot as he walked, pretending to be searching through it on the go. They nodded a "hello" at each other as they passed, and Dan kept looking back over his shoulder afterwards, until he confirmed that the trio had indeed gone to the playground.

"Ah shit! That dudes taken his kids right there. He's just seen us walk out, and he'll know straight away what happened when he goes to sit on the bench."

"Really Dan? So what? You don't know him, do you? There's nothing we can do about it now. If he sees the ground, he'll think someone had an accident, and guess what? He'd be right! It's another thing you'll learn one day, if your incontinence doesn't fix itself that is. And that's accidents happen, and occasionally people see it. I think it's the worst part of it really. As you know, I don't actually hate wetting myself, but I'd much rather do it in a diaper where nobody else has to know."

The park was L shaped, and opened onto another street. When they had turned the corner, and were safely out of sight of the playground, Amy paused.

"So where are we, what are we doing, and how far from your place are we?"

"We're actually not all that far from home you know. If we had stayed on the bus, it follows the main road around and loops back, but there's like lots of these little parks around here, and by cutting through them, we're heading in a straight line towards home. I guess we're a couple of K's away. Maybe twenty minutes walk. I think we should get into the next park, away from that dude, and take a break there. Hey, we said we'd save those last two smokes for tonight, but I could probably go one now. Wanna finish the packet?"

Soon they were in the next park, where they found a spot behind a gazebo that gave them some privacy. Dan didn't sit under the roof, but stayed standing in the sunshine as he smoked, giving his shorts the maximum sunlight with which to dry. Their chips had been stolen along with their other supplies, but they still had their peanuts, so they opened the packet and ate, more to rid themselves of the smell of smoke from their breath than out of any actual hunger.

Amy said, "I wish those bastards hadn't taken my hand cleaner too. It feels icky eating peanuts, knowing I've had pee all over my hands!"

Dan grimaced. "Oh yuck! Never thought of that. My God, we're being quite disgusting here, aren't we?"

She only laughed. "Not really. We're only little kids, remember? We're supposed to be kinda gross and icky!"

After their snack, they continued on their trek. Amy broke the silence first. "I can't get over this. You do realise that this is probably the longest time I've ever gone out in public without a nappy on? Since I was six at least!"

"What do you think about it? Enjoying it or not?"

"Dunno really. It does feel kinda loose and, I dunno, free I guess. But my panties are soaked of course. That feels a bit uncomfortable. They're all cold and kinda clammy at the moment. It certainly doesn't feel as nice as a warm, wet nappy does. Also, I'm still very nervous. I'm just not used to wearing knickers I guess, and I sorta miss the safe feeling that a big diaper gives me."

She pondered what she had said. "Remember when I said I'd still wear diapers sometimes, even if I didn't need them?"

Dan nodded, remembering the conversation.

"Well, this doesn't do anything to change my mind at all. I must be pretty fucked up I guess. I really would like my incontinence to just disappear, but I know I'd miss my nappies. Especially the big ones. They just feel sooo good, even when they're wet. Not like regular knickers do. What do you think?"

Dan gave it some serious thought, and didn't answer immediately. Amy was about to prod him, but after gathering his thoughts, he responded.

"Two weeks ago, my opinions would've been completely different. I've always hated my bed wetting, and felt a lot safer wearing a Goodnight to bed. I don't think I ever actually liked them, but I felt a lot better wearing one, just in case. But when I started wearing them to school, I started hating the sight of them. It was probably the fear of being found out more than anything."

They were holding hands, as usual, when she felt his grip tighten.

"Then, I met you. You've showed me that it isn't anywhere nearly as bad as I made it out to be. In fact, it can be fun. In the right circumstances of course," he added quickly. "So I guess I'm a bit the same now. I wish I didn't need them, but, especially if you're here, I kinda like them. And they do feel a lot safer of course."

The kids left that park, crossed a road, and entered another. Amy now recognised the neighbourhood, they were almost home.

"Ames, when we get back, let's not say anything to mum, okay?"

"About what exactly?"

"Anything that happened today. Don't tell her about the fight we nearly got into, don't mention our pull ups being taken, and don't tell her I was trying to call her either."

He saw Amys look of confusion, so he elaborated. "Mum always stresses out about me going out on my own, or with other kids if there's not any adults around. If she knew we'd been nearly bashed up, then got robbed, then wet our pants on the way home because we lost our diapers, she'll have a fit. It wouldn't even surprise me if she decided to come to the movies with us, like we really were little kids or something. Trust me. It'll be a lot easier if she doesn't find out."

They turned into Dans street, and soon were home. Sues car was parked in the driveway, and they found her in the kitchen, preparing a cup of tea. She looked up as the door opened.

"Oh thank God you're alive! I've been trying to call you mister! Is your phone off or something?"

Dan cautiously replied, "No, just flat. Why, what's wrong?"

"Nothing's wrong mate. I just popped next door for afternoon tea earlier, and was going to tell you where I was, and double check that you didn't want me to come and pick you up or anything. I was starting to worry myself sick when I couldn't reach you!"

She turned towards Amy. "Amy, sweetie, I am going to get your phone number as well. If I can't rely on my wayward son to keep his phone charged up, I need to be able to contact you!"

Dan turned to Amy. "See? Toldya! She worries like an old woman!"

Sue threw a tea towel at him, and told them to go and shower, laughing at his gentle insolence.

Amy went first, into the downstairs bathroom. She peeled her pants down first, discovering that they were either still damp from before, or perhaps even freshly dampened again. The white lining was stained a pale yellow colour, and she even appeared to have a slight "skid mark" in the back. That wasn't entirely unusual, just a by product of her stomach issues. Sometimes, she just leaked a tiny bit, particularly if she passed gas. She had of course broken wind a couple of times during the day, but certainly hadn't felt herself leak at all. Sighing, she decided she had better leave them on while she showered, and soap them up a bit.

She removed her top, turned the shower on, and stepped in, still wearing her pants. She rubbed soap all over them, inside and out, and started scrubbing it in. As she was rubbing her hand over the outside of the front of her briefs, her thoughts turned to her boyfriend, standing in the water, dressed only in his little green swimsuit, and wetting himself.

She started scrubbing the crotch of her pants harder and faster, and soon had her fingers finding their way inside the wet material. "Oh Danny..." she mumbled to herself.

In the kitchen, Dans mother had pressed him for information about what they had gotten up to.

"Nothing mum. We had lunch, had a swim, and played on the beach." He suddenly smiled. "You shoulda seen the big hole we dug!"

Relieved that nothing had gone wrong with their excursion, she sent Dan for his shower upstairs. He stepped in, still wearing his speedos so he could rinse the yellow pee stains out of them, and he started thinking about Amy, sitting in that same hole he'd told his mother about, pulling her little black pants aside, and peeing in a big arc out in front of her.

His hand found the soap, and soon he was washing himself just as vigorously as his girlfriend was currently doing in the downstairs bathroom, while she thought about him.

Meanwhile, Sue was tidying up in the kitchen, smiling to herself as she pictured her son and his little girlfriend digging happily in the sand like small children.

She groaned inwardly, as the realisation that their childhood was nearly over, and it probably wouldn't be too long until they started trying much more adult activities.

"Oh well," she thought, "for the moment at least they're still only little kids."

As she was thinking this, both Dan and Amy were reaching simultaneous orgasms in their respective bathrooms.

*298*2016-06-18 11:48

Chapter 31:

Dan didn't bother with putting another diaper on yet. He would of course wear one later, when they went out, but for now he slipped into some satin boxer shorts and sweat pants, with a fresh t-shirt to match.

He was back downstairs before Amy was out of the bathroom, and he spent the time organising their movie trip with his mother. They wanted to see the nine o'clock screening, but wanted to buy dinner first, so Sue agreed to leave by 7:30, and pick them up at 11:30. She grumbled a bit at this, but Dan wheedled a bit, and finally got his way. When Amy returned, she was wearing her footie pyjamas, simply because she didn't want to get dressed yet.

It was only just past 5:30, so the kids retreated to the theatre room to play games.

Dan noticed Amys pants looking puffy, and when asked, she confirmed that she had put a tape up diaper on, and was feeling the most relaxed that she had all day because of it.

Neither of them thought to mention exactly what they had gotten up to when they had showered.

Eventually it was time to get dressed, and they both went to Danny's room to select their clothes. Amy didn't have a huge selection of course, so she opted to wear the same black dress that she had worn to dinner with her mother last night.

Pulling her black pantyhose out, she declared them to be dry again. Smiling wickedly at Dan, she sniffed them, then passed them to him.

"Danny, do my stockings smell of wee at all do you think?"

Dan surprised her by actually putting them up to his nose and checking, before declaring them to still be alright to use. She said she would wear them over her diaper when they left.

"Are you gonna wear a big diaper as well Dan? Surely you won't trust a Goodnight! You know that'll only end up leaking while you're sitting down. You'll need an adult pull up at least."

But he had other ideas. "I've got a few tape up nappies with damaged tapes. I've either ripped them, or worn them but haven't wet them, but they don't stay done up properly anymore. I might wear one of those, but under my onesie. It's only the top tapes that are dodgy, the bottom ones still do up alright, and the onesie should keep them in place I reckon. I sorta think I really should wear them. They cost a lot, and I don't wanna like waste them or anything."

Amy thought that was a great idea, and she took her makeup and clothes downstairs to change.

Dan stripped off in the bathroom, did his hair, brushed his teeth, and checked for pimples. After he emptied his bladder again, he slipped into one of his previously worn but unused nappies, then his onesie. Knowing that Amy was going to look fairly dressy, he decided he should make a bit of an effort. So he selected some black casual slacks that weren't tight enough to show his diaper, but also wouldn't show a wet spot easily if one should occur. He matched this with a long sleeve grey shirt, black socks, and his black sneakers.

But as dressy as he felt, he was again blown away with Amys appearance. She had her short black dress and pantyhose on, and had fresh blue streaks in her hair. She had forgone the heavy eyeliner she sometimes favoured, and instead wore pale pink lipstick and just a touch of blusher on her cheeks. Her eyelids were a subtle shade of green, highlighting her beautiful green eyes. Her nose ring had been replaced with a small stud, and she wore simple silver rings in her ears.

Dan thought that she looked good enough to attend a royal ball if necessary. He had thought that he had made an effort to look nice, but she was simply stunning. Particularly for a movie date. He was so blown away, that when she had walked into the lounge room where he had been talking to his mother, he had gotten up and kissed her on the cheek right in front of his mum, and not felt the slightest bit self conscious about it either. He probably wouldn't admit it, but he found the sight of her stockinged feet incredibly sexy.

Even Sue had been impressed, and insisted on taking some photos with her phone. She thought that Sonia would appreciate seeing just how cute their kids looked for their date. It would also cause Dan some embarrassment later when she posted the pictures on Facebook, but he didn't know that at the time.

At 7:30 they left, and twenty minutes later she dropped the kids off at the cinema complex, eliciting a firm promise that they would come straight out and find her after the movie had finished. She ensured that both of them had their phones freshly charged, and her number saved as well.

She drove off, and Amy and Dan were then alone on their first proper date.

After buying their tickets, they went to get dinner. There were a lot of restaurants and eateries in the complex, ranging from take away to fine dining, but, being fourteen, and not having a lot of money, they happily settled on McDonald's. Amy ordered a salad and a large Coke, while Dan had a burger, nuggets and fries, teamed up with a large Coke of his own.

Of course they knew that the Coke would make them pee, so they deliberate got refills as well. Amy enjoyed her salad, but ended up eating half of Dans nuggets at the same time.

They were wrapped up in their own little world. Talking about anything and everything, from school, to the environment, how much fun it would be if Little Danny and Little Amy could take their shoes off and play in the playground, their plans for Adventure World, wetting stuff, new phones, basically just anything. It seemed like there was no end of topics to discuss.

"Hey!"

At the sound of the voice, Dan turned in his seat, and froze.

Troy, Gregs friend from the beach, was standing beside their booth with one of the girls they had seen there earlier.

"Sorry to intrude, but can we sit down for a minute? No problems, promise. I just want to talk to you."

Dan and Amy exchanged a worried look, but felt helpless to say anything. Hoping that the fact they were in a crowded restaurant would be enough to stop Troy from causing any problems, the kids slid over and let the older teenagers sit with them.

Troy looked nervous. He cleared his throat, and addressed Dan.

"Dude. I'm sorry about before. That friend of ours, Greg his name is, can be a real jerk. We met him at the beach, and he'd been drinking with his older brothers. He had no right to pick on you guys like that. I mean, like shit man, you guys are just kids! He was way out of line. I tried to stop him, but I shoulda tried harder though. I was gonna step in, really I was, but that cop dude started running over before I had a chance."

He paused, considering his last statement. "No. That's bullshit. That's why I feel bad I guess. I did have a chance to stop him, but I didn't, and that's why I feel so shitty. I didn't do enough."

Turning to his girlfriend, he gave her some money, and asked, "Cassie, can you and" he looked questionably at Amy, who simply replied "Amy,"

"Amy, go and get us some drinks or something please? I want to speak to Daniel here. It is Daniel, isn't it?

To say Danny was shocked, would've been the understatement of the year. Finally he found his voice.

"How do you know my name?"

"You used to go to my school dude. I remember you." He looked around, making sure that the two girls had gone, then lowered his voice to a whisper. "I saw you when you wet your pants that day."

Dan went cold. He felt his head start to swim. When they had encountered Troy at the beach, Dan had suspected that he may have been recognised, but when his accident wasn't mentioned, he thought he had been mistaken. Now, in a busy McDonald's, it was about to be thrown in his face again.

Usually, this would of upset him. It would of made him supremely uncomfortable, and major embarrassment would of been his first reaction, possibly even enough to cause tears.

But this time, he felt anger. Real anger. The most he had felt in a long time.

First, his day at the beach with his girlfriend had almost been spoiling by bullying, and now, hours later, the same kids that had been involved in that, were now going to spoil his movie date, by bringing up the one accident he'd had that had really changed his life. He had even changed school to escape the bully's, and now they were going to hunt him down on his own time.

His first thought was "Fuck it, this needs to stop."

Pushing his remaining meal away, he swung in his seat, and instead of backing away in the booth, he moved toward Troy, and raised his fist up at the same time.

"What of it," he muttered.

"Whoa! Hold on mate! Don't get shirty with me! I'm not here to start in on you or anything, I just wanna talk, okay? Peace out dude."

Not knowing what to believe, Daniel was wary. "Look. I don't want any trouble Troy. Yes, I pissed my pants. But can't you just leave it already? I don't even go to your fucking school anymore because of that. Can't you just fuck off and leave me alone?"

Troy was stunned. Not once in his life had a kid, four years younger than him, ever told him to fuck off, and looked at him like he would punch him if he didn't.

"Dan. Just shut up a minute. Let me talk, okay? I'm not gonna say anything to you in front of your girlfriend or anything, that's why I sent the girls away, so I could talk to you. Just listen to me for a minute, please?"

Dan lowered his arms, sensing that he may have misread the situation. Troy seemed sincere, and if he had of wanted to cause trouble, he certainly could of by now.

"So, whaddya want then?" He asked, sounding somewhat surly.

Troy sighed. "Jesus. You won't make this any easier, will you buddy? I guess I can understand why though."

Amy and Cassie appeared again, having already been served with fresh drinks.

Troy almost gave up. All he wanted was a quick yet quiet talk with Dan, but it was getting too hard, what with Dans reticence and the lack of privacy.

"Cassie baby, we haven't finished yet. I don't want to sound rude, but can you and Amy here just give us a couple of minutes? I'll be quick, I swear!"

"C'mon Amy. Let's give the menfolk some space. I wanted to have a smoke anyway. Will you keep me company?"

Amy smiled. She wasn't used to big kids treating them as equals, and Cassie was really nice, so she was happy to accompany her outside.

Troy relaxed a bit, composing his words.

"Righto Danny. First of all, as I said, I know you wet yourself at school, okay?"

Dans only response was a brief nod, so Troy continued.

"After that, you got bullied. A lot. Enough that you ended up switching schools. You go to St Marks now, dontcha?

Again, a nod was Dans only response.

"So that's why I wanna talk to you. To start with, I don't know if you know it or not, but I'm a prefect. I'm supposed to stop the little kids from getting bullied, but I obviously failed you, so I'm sorry. But I'll be honest with you here, if you had just had an accident because you didn't go to the toilet when you should have, I probably wouldn't have done much anyway. I mean, if you can't go to the loo in high school, you probably deserve it if you piss yourself."

Dans face had darkened even further, he seriously thought he may punch the much bigger boy soon, if he wasn't careful. But when Troy continued, he didn't interrupt him.

"So end result, I did nothing. You got picked on, then left the school. But kids talk Dan. I started to hear stories about you. That you had a medical problem, and were starting to have accidents, and couldn't help it. You weren't just lazy or slack, but were sick or something."

Troy paused for a drink, then kept unloading his feelings. "Fuck man! I'm on the anti-bullying committee, and I did nothing! I guess I knew you were having a hard time, but I never stepped in, and in the end you left school. I feel like shit because of that. Well that, and another reason."

He glanced around, making sure that they weren't being overheard.

"Look Danny. Part of the reason I feel so bad is personal, I guess. You see, I've got a little sister about your age. She's thirteen. She has the same sorta problem that the kids were saying that you have. She still wets herself sometimes. Not often mind you, but every now and then she has an accident . She has been bullied for years at primary school, and same as you, she changed schools because of it."

"But this year she started high school. So far, she's wet herself a couple of times, but no one has found out yet. If they do, she'll just get picked on again, and all the shit will kick off once more. I love my little sis, and I hate the fact she used to get bullied, and I couldn't help her. I guess it's why I volunteered to be on the anti-bullying thing, cause I wanted to help stop bullying, but then, I failed you. I'm sorry dude."

Dan was speechless. This definitely wasn't what he had expected to hear. Now he was on the back foot. This big kid, young adult actually, was not only talking to him like an equal, but was also asking for his forgiveness. Finding his voice, he replied. "Thanks Troy. I appreciate it. I don't have any hard feelings I guess. It's not your fault I wet myself, and it's nice of you to talk to me about it. I'm cool with it."

Troy smiled his own appreciation at Dans forgiveness, then saw their girlfriends walk back inside, looking at their table and trying to judge if the "men's talk" was over, and it was safe to return. He gestured for the girls to rejoin them.

Once settled in, Dan asked Troy, "So, your little sister, which school is she going too now, and are things better for her?

Troy smiled with pride. "So far so good. She looks like she's enjoying high school, at least for now. There's even another girl in her grade that has the same problem apparently, although they're not really friends yet. She's in grade seven this year, and going to St Margarets. Her names Nikki."

