Desperate Friendships - Page 6

Author: 222foxface222

*128*2012-07-09 17:07

{{: 

Hey, been a while since I read this story. I don't like snarry so that's why I havnt commented much.

But I love the bits with Harry and Draco, and the comfort that Snape gave Harry this current chapter. It was super sweet. :)

Anyways you're an awesome writer..and I am a horrrible reviewer lol.

}}

Good to hear from you, again, Sev! I know the Snarry's not for everyone, so no worries! Thanks for still checking in, though, and I'm glad you liked this last chapter. I've been keeping up with your story as well, and it's great as always!

{{: 

Oh wow! I haven't commented in awhile either, since I'm also not the biggest fan of snarry...However, I think you fit in into your story very well and it flows with the plot nicely ^_^ I have to say the emotions in this chapter were great! Your writing always gets me right into the head of the characters, Harry in particular for this chapter. I can't wait for what happens next with him and Snape :) Keep it up!

}}

Thanks, Sunny! I'm glad you're still checking in from time to time, even though the Snarry isn't really your thing. I'm glad you liked Harry in this chapter, and that the emotional aspects worked well for you. The next chapter is chock-full of angsty emotions, this time in terms of Snape, however. Thanks for commenting!

{{: 

Thank you for the compliments you gave me. I try my best to comment every time, but I must admit I sometimes don't know what else to say. I am not that creative at times when it comes to leaving comments. ;)

Now about the last chapter you posted: really well written again. I liked the first part a lot, because you describe things so well. I can totally imagine how their days look like while staying with Snape and that's great. The second part was just brilliant once again. I loved the drama. I could feel my heart ache when I read about how Harry feels and the part of Snape caring about him made it all perfect.

The finishing touch with Draco peeing himself out of panic is just perfect. You described it in such a dramatic way that I can't even get turned on you know, that says something, lol! Well, anyway, just really great again. Can't wait for the next chapter!

How long are you planning to make this by the way? Do you have some ending in mind already maybe? Not that I want it to end of course, but a story has to end somewhere!

}}

Hi Wolf--Thanks for your compliments and I'm glad you liked the new dynamic that is developing between Snape and Harry. I'm also glad the fear wetting worked for you--I almost took it out, but I figured it was another side of omo that I haven't really portrayed yet, so I kept it in!

I know I'm going to end this story at some point, but not sure exactly when right now. All I know is that I don't want to write about them going back to school, so it will only focus on their summer break before their seventh year. I have a few more situations I want to write about, but I'm also starting a new job in august that won't leave me a ton of time to write, so I'm thinking I may try to wrap it up before then, but who knows!

*129*2012-07-09 17:26

Here's the next chapter. No omo in this one, just a lot of Snape angst as he takes care of Harry and Draco after the events of the night. Desperation/wetting will most likely be back in chapter 29, because I love writing about it so much, so hang tight! Until then, thanks for the comments and enjoy this chapter.

Chapter 28

Snape lifted Harry from the bedroom floor and set him back onto his bed, instructing Draco to find specific potions from his laboratory. The blonde boy nodded and hurried out of the room. Snape only noticed the puddle of urine on the floor after the boy had left, and sighed, chastising himself for forgetting that he had two charges to care for, and he needed to look after both of them. He would comfort Draco when he returned, after he was sure Harry was alright.

Peeling the wet sheets and blanket down to the foot of the bed, Snape placed a hand on Harry’s forehead and then moved his hand down towards the side of his neck, where he could feel the quick pace of his heartbeat. He had been suspecting that the boy was having trouble sleeping; he knew most nights Harry was still awake when he came to check on Draco in the early morning hours. But he had not suspected nightmares of this caliber. Nevertheless, the event had triggered a small memory in his mind, a small conversation he had once had with Sirius regarding the man’s godson.

Black had once come to Snape, worried for the boy, concerned that he was haunted by the dark nature of his life and dealings with Voldemort. There had been a fleeting mention of the nightmares before he had asked Snape to keep an eye on the boy while he was at Hogwarts. Snape had found the request ironic considering his long-ago self-made promise to Lily’s child, but had agreed because he saw just how much it meant to the man.

Thoughts of Sirius and Lily had been filling his waking moments since Harry Potter had moved into his rooms, and he found himself concerned with the treatment of the boy more and more. It was uncharacteristically maudlin of him, but he couldn’t help but imagine both Lily and Sirius watching him, expecting him to care for the child in a way they no longer could. It was why he had refused to give in to his temptations towards Harry, why he had kept his hands off of the seventeen-year old and put an end to the midnight trysts despite his pangs of longing for the Boy-Who-Lived. He was desperate to kiss him again, desperate to watch him pee himself, but he owed it to Sirius and Lily to not take advantage of the boy’s loneliness and instable life; if anything were to happen between them he would need to tread carefully.

Snape bent down to carefully remove the young man’s shirt, delicate when it came to stringing the sleeve off of his dislocated shoulder. And yet, as he undressed the boy, the shoulder was the least of his concerns. Jagged scars lined the boy’s chest and stomach, deep gashes healed slowly and burns hardened after years of not being treated. He was far too skinny, rib cage visible. Snape traced the wounds with his fingertips, passing between anger and heartache, fury and empathy. He knew Petunia and her oaf of a husband had treated the boy badly, but he had never assumed the abuse had gone quite so far. How could Dumbledore have let it happen? What kind of person would treat a child in such a way? Snape shuddered a bit as he realized he knew just what kind of monster it would take; his own father had made him all too aware of the kind of environment Harry had been subject to.

Snape pulled his hands away from Harry’s half-naked body as Draco returned, shaking as he held out an armful of potions for his godfather.

“I wasn’t sure which ones to bring,” he mumbled, letting Snape pick the appropriate vials.

Snape nodded to let Draco know it was okay, and motioned for him to set the extra potions on the desk in the corner of the room.

“Go ahead and change out of your wet things,” he said gently, placing one hand on his godson’s shoulder.

“Yes, Uncle,” Draco sighed, blushing. He changed quickly, never taking his eyes off of Harry, lying unconscious in the bed.

Steadying himself and taking hold of Harry’s injured arm, Snape motioned for Draco to turn away.

“Face the wall, son,” he said.

Draco obeyed, reluctantly. In one movement, Snape jerked the boy’s arm back into place. Harry woke with a scream, the pain having jolted him back to consciousness. His eyes were filled with tears as he tried to catch his breath, grabbing his injured shoulder with his other hand as he looked at Snape without words, his eyes begging him to make the pain stop. Snape had not let go of the shoulder, pressing it gently to ensure it was set in the correct way. Draco was shouting from the corner, obviously having turned around upon hearing the boy’s yelling.

“You’re alright,” Snape assured, bending over to take both of the Harry’s shoulders in his hands and guide him back down onto the pillow behind his head. “Just breathe, Harry.”

Snape held out a vial to Harry, who allowed Snape to hold it to his lips as he drank.

“Draco, come hold his hand,” he said, looking over his shoulder to get his godson’s attention. Draco hurried to the bedside, and knelt next to Harry, holding his hand in both of his.

There were a few moments of fast breathing and whimpering from the injured boy before the potion took effect, but soon Harry’s pain had subsided, and his eyes began to droop. Snape nodded, realizing he had not been breathing properly himself. The potion was a strong pain draught mixed with a dreamless-sleep potion, and he was relieved that it seemed to be taking effect almost immediately.

“Dray, come and take this for me,” Snape said, handing a new vial to his godson when he felt comfortable leaving Harry's side.

Draco didn’t question the request, and simply drank down the potion offered to him before climbing into bed next to Harry, who had just fallen asleep.

“Get into your own bed, Dray,” Snape said, placing the empty vial of the sleeping draught on the desk. “Harry’s is all wet. I’ll bring him over.”

With a flick of his wand, Snape dried Harry’s pajamas and briefs as well as his soaked bed linens. The sleeping boy still looked worried, his eyebrows knitted together despite the strong medicine he had been given. Slipping one arm beneath Harry’s back and the other below his knees, he carried the boy across the room and set him into bed next to Draco, who curled his arms around the taller boy’s waist and stroked his cheek to brush off the stray tears.

“Are you alright?” Snape asked, finally able to turn his full attention to Draco.

The blonde nodded and yawned, feeling the effects of the sleeping potion. Snape knew they would both be out for many hours, for which he was glad; they both needed the rest. Bending down, he kissed his godson on the forehead, and, after only a quick hesitation, did the same to Harry.

“Get some rest,” he said, sitting down on the end of the bed. “I’ll stay here until you fall asleep.”

Draco nodded, obviously grateful for his Uncle’s presence. He reached across Harry to take Snape’s hand in his own as he lay with his head on Harry’s chest, and, within moments, was fast asleep.

###

Albus Dumbledore was picking through a bowl of candy when Snape barged into his office as early as he deemed acceptable the next morning. He had long ago learned the headmaster’s passwords.

“Well, good morning, Severus, my boy,” the man said. Snape leered in irritation; How did Albus always manage to make it sound as if he were expecting him?

“Come in and have a seat,” Albus said, gesturing in front of him to an empty chair.

The headmaster popped a piece of candy into his mouth and his face contorted, his lips pursed.

“Care for a lemon drop?” he asked, holding out the bowl filled to the brim with yellow candies. “Sour, but quite the way to wake up in the morning, if you ask me, my boy.”

Snape stormed forward and leaned down towards Albus with his hands gripping the back of the chair he had been offered.

“Are you aware, Albus, of what you have subjected Harry to by forcing him to reside with that pair of ingrates who call themselves his Aunt and Uncle?”

For a moment, Albus looked nearly amused. Snape realized too late that he had used the boy’s given name. Dumbledore had more than likely never heard him call the boy anything other than Potter, let alone become so worked up over some mistreatment of the Gryffindor. But Snape realized that he didn’t care whether Dumbledore applauded his show of true concern for Harry or not. Hell, he had made a point to come to his office specifically to criticize Albus for his poor sense of judgment in keeping the boy with his relatives. It was too late to pretend disinterest, and yet Snape sneered to keep Albus from getting overly sentimental.

“I am sure you’re about to tell me, Severus,” Dumbledore said, putting aside the candy bowl. “Do sit down. You’re giving me a crick in the neck.”

Severus abhorred the way Dumbledore still spoke to him as if he were a student at the school, and refused to sit, needing to expend his anger through pacing.

“The boy’s obviously been denied food for years. He’s small enough to be two years younger than his biological age. You can see his rib cage, for Merlin’s sake! That is, if you can focus enough to look past the scars and old wounds.”

“You know as well as anyone the measures we took for Harry’s protection,” Dumbledore replied carefully. “Mrs. Figg often mentioned the boy’s small stature, but she noticed no signs of starvation in regards to the boy.”.

“That old woman wouldn’t know abuse if it was living right next door. Which it was. Did she fail to notice the boy’s bruises and improperly healed broken bones as well? Honestly, Albus, how could you let the boy live in those conditions?”

Dumbledore sighed and rested his hands on the desk in front of him, motioning once again for Severus to sit. Snape did so only when he realized Albus would more than likely refuse to finish the conversation were he to remain standing in defiance and anger.

“You’re overtired, Severus, what with two students to care for,” Albus said. “The Dursleys may not be the most parental figures out there, but they are Harry’s family. And there were few other options in regards to the boy. Blood wards dictate our choice unless there is imminent danger to the child, of which Mrs. Figg did not feel there was.”

“How many times did you go to check up on the boy, Headmaster?” Snape spat. He realized he wasn’t being fair, that he was trying to pin his own guilt onto Albus. But he needed someone to know how Sirius’ godson had been treated. He needed to be sure Lily’s child would never have to go back to his relatives again.

“Severus, we had a system in place, if I were to--”

“How many times did you check on the boy, Albus?” Snape pressed.

Dumbledore sighed and leaned back in his chair.

“Very rarely. I didn’t think it prudent considering the circumstances.”

Snape stood in anger, fuming as he paced about the room once more.

“Do you know what that boy’s been through?” he challenged. “He’s barely able to look anyone in the eye. He can’t sleep for nightmares. And you can’t imagine what he looks like without a shirt on, Albus, emaciated and scarred. He looks--”

“Much like you did when you first came to us, Severus, I’d imagine. And, I assume, much like Draco Malfoy.”

Snape stopped his pacing to stare up at Albus. The headmaster was looking at him with the knowledge and understanding he had come to expect from him. If he had ever had a father-figure in his life, it was Dumbledore. He ran a hand across his face and collapsed back into the chair.

“You’ve been given a chance to make this right, my boy,” Dumbledore said. “Not only for these boys, but for yourself as well. I believe you need this as much as Harry and Draco, Severus.”

Snape scoffed and crossed his arms.

“Let’s not bring my past emotional scarring into this, Albus. I’m not damaged goods, thank you very much.”

“And neither is Harry. Nor Draco. Although you have all been doled out more than your fair share of mistreatment.”

The Headmaster spoke slowly, the way he did when relaying something irrefutable.

“You’ve been given a chance to prove to these boys there are those who care for them, Severus. And as it stands, I have a feeling you could do with a bit of affection, yourself. I suggest you open yourself up to it.”

“But when the summer ends...” Snape began, leaving the question uncharacteristically open-ended.

“When the summer ends, we will discuss further plans. As it stands right now, they need someone to look out for them, Severus. And I do not think there is anyone more equipped for the job.”

Snape sighed but nodded, standing to his feet. He knew the conversation was over.

“I won’t allow him to return to Privet Drive,” Snape said, his air of defiance returned. “If I had known...”

“If we had known,” Dumbledore nodded, “we would have taken him out of there. As we would have taken you away from your father.”

Severus nodded once more and turned to leave; he disliked the talk of his childhood. He had suppressed the memories for his entire adult life and had no desire to mull on them now. Harry’s presence had already brought back images and situations he wished he had forgotten entirely; he did not need to add memories of his childhood to the list.

He had been questioned by Albus himself when he first came to Hogwarts. The man who had previously been the head of Slytherin had been concerned with Snape’s small frame and the cuts and scrapes he had seen when the boy was getting in and out of the showers. The boy had no friends; he seemed averse to speaking at all unless he was spoken to directly. But Severus had been too nervous to admit to what had been going on at home, and, although Albus had suspected all along, he had only gotten Snape to admit to his father’s abuse years later, after he had become a Professor.

Snape glanced up at Albus to find him opening to the middle of a brightly colored book.

“Nancy Drew mystery,” he said, nodding towards the pages. “Wildly entertaining, if I do say so myself. Though I find it can’t quite compare to the Hardy Boys.”

Snape took the long way back towards the dungeons, needing time to clear his mind. He hated the way Albus made him feel like a child, as if he were someone who needed caring for, as if he were to be proud of what he had overcome in his life. His father’s beatings had simply been a part of life, a part that he had long ago pushed to the back of his mind. Yet he could not keep his thoughts from wandering to Sirius, Sirius who had been a quiet listener, Sirius who had never looked at him with pity when he learned of Snape’s life. He was the only one who had known the secrets of Snape’s childhood, the only one who had seen him cry over the memories which still haunted him day after day.

###

*132*2012-07-16 04:15

I know I promised to update more frequently, but I haven't had the time to update this story due to crazy work and general life stuff going on. I'm going to do my best to update within the next day or two, so keep your eyes out. Thanks for those of you who have been checking in! Hope you're all doing well and I will get you the next chapter as soon as I can.

{{: 

Ok, I know I haven't been the most consistent reviewer but I did want to let you know that I enjoy your story immensely. Please continue this story because it is well written, the storyline is interesting, and the subject is great! I always look forward to your updates.

}}

Thanks so much! It's great to know you're still reading and I'll definitely be continuing for at least a little longer :)

{{: 

Alright, I am not sure what to think of this chapter... I hope you don't mind me being honest. I am always kinda scared to hurt people's feelings, but I have no desire to lie and simply say I loved it once again. This chapter just wasn't much my taste.

}}

Aw, I'm sorry to hear it wasn't really what you were hoping for, but I'm of course grateful for your honest feedback! Don't worry about hurting my feelings--I appreciate your honesty!

{{: 

Of course I am going to tell you why I didn't like it as much as I usually do. This chapter feels not really in place. Normally these kind of chapters are at the beginning of a Harry/Snape story. That's you being original of course, by putting it in the middle, but still it feels like it doesn't fit in there. I feel a bit weird about the mention of Harry being skin and bones, because if I am correct, he hasn't been with his uncle and aunt for about a year. Surely he ate a lot of food during his days at Hogwarts?

Then over to the chat between Snape and Dumbledore. Well written, but many people use this concept. With a brilliant story like yours a chapter like this is not necessary. You could go much deeper. Tie in on Harry being a long lost boy -- or well, that's what I feel he is. Simply a boy completely lost and only a little part of that has to do with abusive family. Another part has to do with loneliness of course, but in my opinion you don't have to mention his lack of family. He is just lonely. With or without family. Even in Snape's arms he will be able to feel the loneliness.

How Snape and Dumbledore talk and tie in on Snape's past is something that does fit in, especially because you write it in an interesting way. Sad thing is that many, many people write Harry/Snape stories that way and it sucks. I liked the part though about Snape feeling vulnerable towards Dumbledore because he had seen him cry.

As you may have noticed, I am very bad at explaining why I don't like some things. I hate it. All together what I just meant to say is: this kind of chapters are too 'simple' in a psychological masterpiece like this. Your writing qualities could go much deeper, much darker. But if you don't like that and prefer this kind of chapters, then that's all good as well! It's just whatever you like, right. :)

Please do keep up the good work and I am sure next chapter will be back to your standards again!

}}

These are all great critiques, and I don't want to go through each one and give my take because I don't want to seem like I'm making too many excuses or arguing with you by giving my take on each detail. However, you're probably right that I could have done more with this last chapter. Honestly, I'm not a huge fan of Dumbledore, and don't much like writing for him (although someday I'll find a way to make his character more interesting in a fanfiction...the ideas are already beginning!), which may be why this chapter felt a bit flat.

I agree with a lot of what you're saying, and while I do think this chapter continues the plot, you're right that it's a bit run-of-the-mill. One quick note: as far as Harry's being so skinny, I guess in my mind he had never eaten well, even while at Hogwarts, as an extension of the kind of meals he had been given at the Dursley's, but now that I look back I see there was never any mention of that! Just a slight slip on my part!

Anyway, thanks for your feedback and I really am glad you were honest with me. Hopefully the next chapter will be more your taste!

*133*2012-07-16 21:24

Here's the next chapter, as promised. This chapter wound up in a totally different place from where I expected it to, but I'm fairly happy with it. Let me know what you guys think. This mainly features Snape caring for Harry, but there is nothing sexual between them throughout this one. Lots of angst, so if that's not your thing, you've been warned! Things will get a little better for Harry in the next chapter or two. Thanks for reading and let me know if there's anything you want to see included in this story that hasn't been yet!

Chapter 29

It had been days since Harry had gotten a full night’s sleep. His shoulder remained sore after the night he had dislocated it, but Snape had been diligent in giving him potions to keep the pain down as the torn ligaments healed. He was in good spirits, Snape having allowed the boys to skip their school work for a few days as a result of his injury. They stayed close to Snape’s rooms considering the medication made Harry tired and, at times, nauseous, but Draco hadn’t left Harry’s side, and seemed to have overcome any fleeting thoughts that he and Harry should hide their relationship from his Uncle.

To his credit, Snape seemed unbothered by all the hand-holding, snuggling, and occasional kissing going on between the boys under his care. He seemed generally concerned over Harry’s injury, and made sure the boy knew to keep him aware of any pain he felt whatsoever. He did not seem to mind Draco’s attention towards the Gryffindor, even seemed to have expected it in some way. Once again, the boys had not been able to put anything past their Potions Professor.

Despite the improvement in his living situation, Harry could not allow himself to sleep, becoming haunted by the nightmare of Sirius’ death. The dream had brought back a sense of guilt over his godfather’s murder, and Harry felt sick to his stomach at the thought of having to relive the incident in dreams for the rest of his life. The Slytherin dungeons made him dwell on thoughts that were unhealthy. He found himself wondering which of the Slytherin dorm rooms Tom Riddle had occupied while at Hogwarts, worried about the number of dark wizards who had walked the dungeon hallways for years. He felt vulnerable to their energy, as if they were trying to suffocate him.

It had been three days since the nightmare, and Harry was pinching himself to stay awake, listening to Draco snore lightly in the bed next to him. They had gone to bed wrapped in each other’s arms, but shortly after Draco had fallen asleep, Harry had climbed back to the other bed, knowing it was too tempting to fall asleep while in his boyfriend’s embrace. He just had to wait for Snape to come in and perform his nightly check of Draco’s bed sheets before sneaking out.

He needed some fresh air, and he needed some sleep. He had been suffering from a headache and stomachache since his second night of not sleeping, and all he wanted to do was find a place to sleep where he felt safe from the threat of Voldemort. Maybe if he snuck up to the Gryffindor dorms, he could wake himself up at dawn and be back to the dungeons before Snape noticed. He wasn’t about to admit to the man that he had become terrified of the dungeon’s darkness, terrified that the ghosts of Slytherin were passing messages back to the Dark Lord in some way, that Voldemort would soon know exactly where he was, that is, if Snape hadn’t given him up already.

The door of the bedroom opened, and Harry dove down beneath the sheets as he pretended to sleep. He cursed inwardly at the fact that he had not had time to take off his glasses, and tried to make it seem as if he were stretching while still deep asleep when he yanked the sheet to cover his face.

“ ‘m Sorry, Uncle,” Draco mumbled, half-asleep across the room.

Apparently Snape had found him in a wet bed once again. The blonde hadn’t been doing well keeping his bed dry lately. It seemed to Harry that he was having more wet nights than he had while staying with him at Grimmauld Place. But he wasn’t surprised, considering the bleak stone cave dwelling they had been moved to.

“Go back to sleep,” Snape said softly, and Harry peeked from beneath the sheet to see the man spell the bed dry and untangle Draco from the mess of blankets. “You didn’t mean it.”

Draco mumbled incoherently and turned onto his stomach, letting Snape resituate the bed linens and tuck him back in. Harry watched intently as Snape skillfully straightened the sheets and tucked the ends beneath the mattress, barely jostling the sleeping Draco at all. His own sheets were tangled around his legs, and his feet were uncovered as he had dragged the linens up over his head. He couldn’t help but wish the man would fix his bed for him, too.

“Goodnight, son,” Snape said, laying a hand on the blonde’s shoulder.

The man turned to leave, and in doing so, his glance fell on Harry. Although the boy squeezed his eyes shut as quickly as possible and tried to steady his breathing to simulate sleep, Harry knew the man had not been fooled. He could feel the Professor’s gaze on him, and was caught between wishing he would leave him alone, and wishing he would crouch down next to the bed to ask him why it was that he was still awake. After a moment, Snape left the room without commenting on the boy’s wakefulness, closing the door behind him, leaving Harry in pitch blackness.

Nothing made sense. Harry wasn’t sure which was worse: staying in the rooms of a man who was known to hate him and have ties with the Dark Lord, snogging the son of a known Death Eater, and living in the house that had spawned the darkest wizard of them all, or living on Privet Drive, dodging his Uncle’s fists and being put down day in and day out. He didn’t know how much longer he could take living with Snape.

It all seemed too much to handle, and he began planning how he would escape, how he would return to Grimmauld Place at his first opportunity. It wouldn’t be tough to find a fireplace and floo back. But as the thought crossed his mind, he was immediately left with pangs of guilt over leaving Draco, who had been so devoted to him while his shoulder healed, who hadn’t left his side and had overcome his nervousness surrounding his Uncle’s knowledge of their relationship. He wished Draco would come with him, but he knew the boy had settled too nicely into the routines set in place by Snape; Draco found in Snape’s rooms what Harry at times felt while staying at the Burrow. He felt a sense of belonging, a sense of comfort. And he wasn’t about to take that away from the other boy.

Dragging himself from bed, he untangled his legs from the sheets and felt his way along the wall towards the doorway, his arms outstretched in case he walked into anything. He turned the doorknob slowly, sticking his head out into the hallway and checking to ensure that Snape was not still wandering around. A quick glance down the hallway showed that the door to the man’s bedroom was closed, meaning he had retreated to bed, for which Harry was grateful. He closed the bedroom door behind him and began to walk quietly down the hallway, towards the living room. If he left for the Gryffindor common room now, he would be able to manage at least five hours of sleep or so.

“Is there a reason you’re out of bed at this hour, Mr. Potter?”

Snape was sitting in the living room, a book unopened on his lap, almost as if he had been waiting for Harry. Had he known the boy was planning to sneak out?

“I, ah...just can’t sleep, sir,” Harry mumbled.

There had been a newfound familiarity forming between him and Snape, but that did not mean the man no longer expected to be addressed with respect.

“Well, it’s quite hard to sleep while wandering around other people’s quarters aimlessly,” the man answered, sitting straight-backed in an armchair by the fireplace.

Harry sighed, shoulders slumping forward. He had been so close to getting out and finding a place to sleep. If Snape made him return to the dark, claustrophobic bedroom, he didn’t think he would ever sleep again. He would probably start hallucinating from the lack of rest, he would probably go insane and spend the rest of his life in St. Mungo’s.

Snape stood and approached Harry, who took a few steps back towards the kitchen.

“I’ll give you one more chance to tell me what’s wrong,” Snape said.

But Harry was disgusted by the man’s tone of voice. Snape didn’t care what was bothering him. The man didn’t care for him at all. For all he knew, the man had boasted to the other Death Eaters that he had been entrusted to keep watch over Harry Potter for the Dark Lord, bragging about how he had promised to keep him locked under his gaze, vowed to fatten him up before the slaughter.

“Leave me alone,” Harry grumbled, shoving Snape to the side as he made his way towards the door. “It’s not like you care, anyway.”

Snape had him by the arm before he could get more than a few steps past the man, and he spun him back around to force him to look him in the eye. But, surprisingly, Harry did not find anger in the man’s eyes, but sympathy.

“I am sorry if you’ve had that impression, Mr. Potter,” Snape said. “But I can assure you I care for all of my students very much.”

He wanted to scream and kick and swear, and he probably would have had Snape spoken down to him or told him to watch his attitude. As it was, the man lifted a hand to cup Harry’s chin, to look him in the eye and stare down at him.

Harry was caught off guard. What was he doing? Why was Snape acting like this? He stared up at the man, and could not look away, understanding that there was something Snape understood about him that no one else ever had, that the man saw him without the attention of surviving Voldemort’s curse or providing the hope of the wizarding world. The man saw him just as he was, as a lost boy.

Snape placed his hands on Harry’s shoulders before pulling him into a hug. And Harry couldn’t help it. He pressed his face into the man’s robes, smelling the clean scents of medicinal potions which Snape had been brewing for days now, closed his eyes against the tears that were forming, and let himself be held.

“You don’t deserve to be hurt,” the man told him, leaning down to speak close to his ear. “And you don’t deserve to be scared.”

Harry burrowed closer to the man as he began to cry. What did everything have to be so confusing? Why was he always alone? And why did he have to fall in love with the one boy he would never be able to stay with? At that moment, he wouldn’t have cared if Snape were Voldemort himself; he just wanted to be held. He just wanted to feel loved.

“You just need some sleep,” Snape said. Harry could feel the vibrations of his speech through the man’s chest as he pressed himself into his arms. “You’ll feel better in the morning.”

Harry was lifted and carried down the hallway, and he couldn’t help but drop his head onto the man’s shoulder, exhausted, desperate for the moment to last just a little longer no matter how ashamed he felt, no matter how much he felt like a child.

“Please not there,” Harry begged when Snape reached his hand towards the door of the boys’ bedroom.

Snape nodded and let go of the doorknob, hoisting the boy higher onto his hip as he took him instead down the hallway to his own bedroom. He did not turn on the light, but there was a soft glow from the enchanted window, spelled to reflect the moon and stars outside. Snape sat with Harry in an armchair next to the window and placed the boy on his lap.

“Don’t cry,” he said as Harry wrapped his arms around Snape’s neck.

Harry nodded and wiped his face, but did not dare to let go of the man. As soon as he let go, he knew he would once again be the Boy-Who-Lived, all alone without someone to protect him. He closed his eyes and did not let himself feel ashamed for needing the man’s embrace, did not let himself feel stupid for succumbing to the care of a Death Eater.

After a time, Snape stood with the boy and moved him to the bed, laying him down and letting him rest his head in the man’s lap as he stroked the unkempt black hair.

“Do you think you can get some sleep, now?”

Harry shook his head, bringing his knees to his chest, drawing close to his Professor.

“Can I go sleep in Gryffindor?” he asked softly.

Snape sighed and patted the boy on the shoulder.

“How about you just stay here?” he asked, but Harry shook his head.

“Is that okay?”

Snape nodded.

“Of course,” he said.

There was a silence as Snape brought a pillow to rest behind Harry’s back. He wanted the boy to feel protected on all sides.

“I hate the dungeons,” Harry mumbled.

“Did you know your godfather once slept in this very room?” Snape asked gently.

Harry rubbed his eyes as he glanced up in disbelief. Snape nodded, moving his hand to the boy’s back, running his hand up and down to calm the boy.

“He visited these rooms quite a few times, actually.”

The boy knew what his Professor was telling him, and knew that he was admitting to more than just a sordid affair with the man who had escaped from Azkaban, the man who had been best friends with James Potter. He was telling him where his allegiances lie, was letting Harry know just how much he cared for his wellbeing. He was telling him that not all memories of the dungeons were evil.

Harry began to shed tears again, the memory of his godfather too much to take, the fact that he had lay in the exact spot that Harry was now lying in too much of a shock. Snape gathered the boy and set him, curled in a ball, on his lap once more. He rubbed his back for a long time, letting the boy cry until he was exhausted.

“Your godfather asked me once to look out for you,” Snape said.

“He did?” Harry sniffed.

Snape nodded and brushed the boy’s hair off his cheeks where it had stuck to the tears.

“It wasn’t hard to agree, considering I had already promised your mother I would.”

Harry sat up and moved back so he could look the man in the eye. He took off his glasses and ran an arm across his face to clear it of tears before setting them back onto the bridge of his nose. He couldn’t speak, unsure whether to strangle the man right there for inventing a connection to his mother, or to beg him to tell every detail he knew about the woman.

But he did not need to ask, as Snape began speaking quietly of his mother, of the red-headed child she had once been, of the kindness she had always shown him. Harry listened with tears in his eyes, knowing that every word was true, knowing his mother had once held hands with the very man in front of him. He settled back with his head in the man’s lap and listened, clinging to each word, trying to memorize each sentence.

Harry was barely breathing by the time the man had finished speaking half an hour later, his eyes wide as he stared at the wall in front of him. He had never heard Snape speak so gently, so emotionally. Turning his gaze to the window, he stared out at the pitch-black sky and counted stars, longing for his mother, his father, and his godfather, feeling a bit closer to them because Snape had known them, had talked to them, fought with them, and maybe even loved them.

But the knowledge he had gained stung, brought them to the forefront of his memory, and hurt him as if they had only left him yesterday. He untangled himself from Snape’s grasp and moved to the bedroom floor, curling up and hugging his knees to his chest. It was all too much, and he couldn’t process it all at once.

Snape was beside him in a moment, lifting him back onto the bed as the sobs escaped Harry, as his shoulders heaved and he bit back screams. He was a mess of snot and tears, curled in on himself as Snape wrapped his arms around him.

“I...I n-need...” Harry tried, but he was sobbing too hard to form words.

“What do you need, Harry?” Snape asked, calm and even-tempered.

Harry mumbled something unintelligible, knowing what he wanted at that moment was wrong, that it should stay in the back of his mind, that he should not speak it out loud. But he could barely breathe and he wanted it so badly, wanted to escape for just a moment, wanted to feel something other than pain.

“Tell me, son.”

Harry choked on a sob and buried his face against the man’s lap, his cheeks blazing.

“pee,” he mumbled.

“Of course,” Snape said. “I’ll take you, child.”

The man draped one leg over the bed as if to stand, but Harry wrapped his arms around the man’s closest thigh, keeping him in place, pressing his face against the man’s leg.

“No,” Harry said, taking a shaky breath. “Here.”

There was a pause, but Snape sat back on the bed and placed his hand on Harry’s head, carding his fingers through the dark hair..

“Ok, son,” he said, his voice gentle. “Go ahead.”

Blubbering, Harry lifted his face to hide it against the man’s hip and once again drew his legs up close to his body. Closing his eyes, he sobbed as he fought against doing it, knowing it wasn’t right to want something so obviously wrong. He wanted it more than anything, he needed it, and yet the need humiliated him. He shook his head against Snape’s thigh, hiding his face.

“I won’t be mad,” Snape whispered. “No one has to know.”

Harry shook his head again, but knew it was what he needed. As Snape’s palm rested against the nape of his neck, Harry began peeing into his pants with a muffled sob. His breath caught in his throat as he felt the release, and his cheeks blazed with the shame of it all. He wet his pants as he lay against Snape, whimpering as he felt the wetness stream down his closed thighs and soak the sheet they were lying on. But the release was just what he needed, and he melted into the warm indecency of soaking himself and the bed, felt the tension lessen as his body went limp and Snape held him close. He gave up all control, and let himself go.

Snape ran his thumb along the boy’s cheek, comforting him, whispering to him that it was alright, that everything would be fine. The wetness spread out beneath him as Harry twisted his hips towards the mattress and voided against the sheets. When he was done, he lay in a puddle of pee, spent and finished. He snuggled back into the man’s arms, and it was only a few moments before he had cried himself to sleep.

###

*135*2012-07-16 23:21

{{: 

I can't see the story. D:

}}

Any luck, now? It seems okay when I come on as a guest...?

*138*2012-07-19 18:34

Quick Update.

Chapter 30

Snape was taking the boys to the beach. His family had long owned a house on the coast, in a secluded spot where the closest neighbors were miles away. After the nights he had recently been through with Harry, the nightmares and tears and vulnerability, he knew the boy needed to get away. He did not do well in the dank rooms of Slytherin House; it was obvious he was meant to be above ground. Both Harry and Draco were excited about the change in pace, although Snape was still unsure; he hadn’t been to the beach house since the last time he had been with Sirius, only a few days before the man’s death.

He sent the boys to Hogsmede, where they were instructed to buy swimsuits and clothes for the warm weather. It would give him at least an hour or two to go to Grimmauld Place and be back before they were expected. After seeing them off with warnings to watch the time and behave themselves, he stepped into the fireplace and left for the large, empty house, the house he had spent so much time in while within Sirius’ arms.

Easily disarming the protection charms he had placed on the dwelling the night he had taken Draco from its walls, he sighed in the familiarity of the rooms. He knew the place intimately; he could still feel Sirius’ presence within its walls. The ghost of the man remained, picking chips of paint off the living room window frame, leaving food out on the kitchen counter to go stale and moldy, stomping up and down the stairs each morning before any sane person would even be out of bed. Snape didn’t need a pensieve to recall the memories within Grimmauld Place.

Walking across the living room, he peeled back the wallpaper to reveal the cabinet Sirius had kept his most treasured possessions within. It had been a feature of the house since it was first built, although few other Blacks had discovered its presence. Sirius himself had learned of its existence while reading an old journal of a distant relative. He had nearly torn the wallpaper off the entire wall before he had found it for the first time, when he was just a teenager.

Snape ran his fingers along the lock, but could not bring himself to open the cabinet. He was unsure of what he would find. Maybe someone had already cleared it out. Maybe Harry had found it, had taken his godfather’s possessions for himself. He knew it was selfish, but Snape hoped he was the only one Sirius had entrusted with the location of the cabinet; he hoped he was still the only one to know many of the man’s secrets.

Abandoning the cabinet, Snape traipsed upstairs and roamed the hallways of the old house. Everything looked exactly the same, as if no time had passed since the last time he had visited the Marauder. He had felt more like a schoolboy among these walls than he had a man, chasing Sirius through the attic, being locked in closets while desperate to pee, even pulling pranks on the man in retaliation for those pulled on him. Sirius was the only person Snape never felt as if he had to impress; once they had gotten to know each other, nothing else seemed important.

Only Sirius’ bedroom seemed to have changed; it was obviously where Harry had spent most of his time while living at Grimmauld Place. Snape felt comfort at the fact that his lover’s room had been appropriated by the man’s godson; he knew Sirius would have wanted it that way, that Sirius had always had a soft spot for Harry.

Pulling himself together, Snape traipsed back downstairs and, with a sigh, yanked out his wand to spell open the cabinet. Inside, Snape found a few odds and ends, some money, and, what he had come for: Sirius’ journal. The man was always writing within the journal, bits and pieces of conversations he had heard as well as observations and notes. Snape had rarely been given permission to glance inside, and he had no intention of doing so now. He knew the man had some secrets even Snape should not know, especially in regards to his time at Azkaban. But Sirius had always kept the journal, and nearly half of its pages were devoted to his years at Hogwarts. Snape was sure Sirius would have wanted Harry to have it; after all, his parents had always played a large role in Sirius’ life.

###

Draco knew they were running late, that Snape would be waiting impatiently for them when they returned to the dungeons, and yet he and Harry had lost track of time. They had bought what they needed and had stopped for some lunch, Harry wearing a baseball cap pulled far down over his forehead to keep anyone from giving him a second glance. Snape had warned them not to draw attention to themselves, and had needed to be convinced not to go with them in case they were recognized together.

Although he was nervous when they first began shopping, no one had given Harry even a second glance, and Draco had long ago relaxed about being out in public with the Boy-Who-Lived. They were enjoying their time away from Snape and the castle, feeling free and adult for the first time since they had been taken back to Hogwarts. Harry had relayed some of the events of the night before to Draco, although neither of them seemed intent on dwelling on the negatives, and instead joked around as if they were third years sent to Hogsmede for the first time.

But as they sat down and ordered lunch, Draco felt strange, as if the air were suddenly sucked out of the room. Harry was prattling on about what they were going to do while spending time on the seashore, but Draco could barely concentrate. Something was wrong, and glancing around the room he saw exactly what that was: his father was sitting only a few seats away from them.

“You have to leave,” Draco hissed, keeping his voice low as he cut Harry off mid-sentence.

“What?” Harry asked, glancing up at the boy in confusion. He gave Draco a half-smile as if he intended it to be some kind of joke. “Sod off, Dray.”

“I mean it, Harry,” Draco said, standing to turn his back towards his father just as the man glanced over and recognized him. “Go!”

He shoved Harry off the seat and towards the doorway. The other boy looked put-out, as if he were going to tell Draco off for shoving him, but when he glanced back he caught site of Lucius Malfoy walking from across the room, and knew why the blonde had been acting so strangely. He nodded at Draco and ducked his head, hoping to Merlin that he had not been recognized as he scrambled out the door.

“So this is what Snape believes an adequate way to spend a summer holiday?” Lucius asked. “Galavanting around Hogsmede?”

“I...N-no, sir,” Draco stammered, feeling sick to his stomach as his father approached. He backed into a corner of the tavern when he father pointed for him to move to a more secluded area. They were alone at the side of the room, behind beams and tables.

“Your mother was disappointed you chose not to return to celebrate her birthday,” he said pointedly.

Draco continued to back away from his father until he had nearly reached the wall, and fell back onto a bench in the corner. He hadn’t been expecting to run into the man. It had been days since he had even thought about his existence. His throat hurt with the effort it took to speak up, to make his voice heard in his father’s presence.

“I thought I’d raised you better than that, Draco,” Lucius spat, face close to Draco’s as he stared down at him. “As a Malfoy, you have a responsibility to your family. Is that clear?”

The boy swallowed and took deep breaths, hating the fact that his father could put him in such a state. He prayed that Harry had run back to Hogwarts, that no one had recognized the Gryffindor.

“Y-yes, sir,” he said.

Lucius grabbed Draco by the shirt and yanked him to his feet before slapping him across the face. Draco bit his tongue and did not cry out, shivering where he stood. His blood beat in his ears and he wanted more than anything to lash back at the man, to curse him and kick him and disown him forever. But he did not have the courage, and his mouth was too dry to speak.

“Snape better be giving you extra credit for all the work you are doing this summer,” Lucius sneered. “No son of mine needs summer school.”

Draco shook his head, mumbling something about advanced potions work, making up whatever lies he thought his father would believe. He wanted to get out of there. He couldn’t be in that tavern for another minute. He hated his father, and yet the man’s deep voice and sneers were familiar enough to feel like home; he understood this as much as he was disgusted by it.

“It’s just as well,” his father said, turning away with one final glare. “It’s about time you got out of my house. Maybe Severus can give you the discipline you need to grow up and stop being such a weak-willed, pathetic excuse for a Malfoy.”

And with that, Lucius had turned away, and Draco was sprinting out of the tavern and away from Hogsmede, his breath ragged and his face red where it had been slapped, a bruise forming on his cheekbone. He ran as far away from his father as possible, and it was only as he collapsed on the threshold of Snape’s rooms and Harry caught up to him and took him in his arms that he noticed his jeans were soaked to his knees.

###

*143*2012-07-28 03:49

{{: 

I was just reading chapter 29 when you already posted chapter 30! And, just as I thought, we are back to your standards again. I loved it.

Actually I like everything, but the feelings Snape has when it comes to Sirius are amazing. I never read such things before, but I really like it. Also, the thing you describe about Harry peeing himself because he needs is sounds really familiar. Sometimes, when I feel upset about something, my wish to pee myself increases. I am not sure why, but you wrote that really well. Also the detail about Draco being so panicked that he soaked himself was great.

Well anyway, I can't wait for the next chapter already! Keep it up!

}}

Thanks, Wolf. I'm glad Harry peeing himself because he needed to came across. I wasn't sure if that was just something I sometimes feel in my twisted mind, or if others had similar feelings! Good to hear it at least rang somewhat truthful! Thanks for reviewing, and I hope to add some more information about Snape and Sirius' relationship moving forward.

{{: 

My laptop Is back and I have caught up. I LUV It!!!!!

}}

Glad you're caught up and liked the past few chapters. Thanks for reviewing!

{{:

It's now about 4:40am, and I've just spent the last four or so hours reading this. Must say, I never thought I could get into a story such as this. But then, I thought the same for Pokemon. I'll be adding this to my bookmarks, and I'll be checking to see if you have a new chapter in frequently. ;)

}}

Wow, thanks so much. I've had the same experience with some fanfictions I've stumbled across, so I'm glad to know I can at least return the favor for someone else (assuming you had time to sleep the next day, that is!). Thanks for leaving some feedback!

{{:

Addition: I can't help but feel that Lucius is just waiting for Draco to stand up to him, in order to uphold his status as a Malfoy. I'm probably wrong there, just the workings of a tired mind.

}}

I think you're absolutely right. I haven't decided yet whether Lucius and Draco will have a major confrontation, but I do think he would lessen up a bit were his son to stand up and prove himself in that way. Lucius wouldn't like being knocked down a peg, but I do think he would respect Draco a bit more for it.

*144*2012-07-28 04:14

Sorry this has taken forever. To be completely honest I'm running out of ideas for this story so I'm not always inspired to write. Hopefully I still have a few chapters left in me, though. Warnings in this chapter: language, male desperation/wetting (like usual), and mentions of sexual situations (Drarry). Enjoy!

Chapter 31

The beach house seemed to have a positive effect on the boys, and Snape was glad he had thought to take them there. Harry and Draco had become far less moody in only the short time they had been there, and spent their days running along the beach, returning only after the sun had set, with bad sunburns.

“The next time you forget to apply sunscreen, you will be kept inside until I deem you responsible enough to take care of yourselves,” Snape lectured, healing their stinging cheeks and shoulders before sending them off to shower before bedtime.

Harry and Draco had rarely been to the beach while growing up, and they found the seclusion of the oceanfront both beautiful and convenient. They took to the beach house at first sight, despite the fact that their shared room was barely large enough to fit two twin beds. After the first few nights, they had simply pushed the beds together to allow for more space.

No longer was Harry on edge that Voldemort was about to attack. While it was quite possible the Dark Lord was aware of his location, he no longer felt an intense paranoia over the possibility; the open-air and carefree days had placed him in a far better mood, and because of this his worry had nearly disappeared. If Voldemort did know where he was, there was no sense in worrying about it until something came of the knowledge.

Draco seemed more cheerful than Snape had ever known, laughing and smiling more frequently than ever. The boy was unabashedly in love with Harry, and, ever since the night Harry had dislocated his shoulder, was no longer afraid to show his affection in front of his Uncle. Even the bedwetting was beginning to lessen; he had already had three dry nights over the course of their first week at the beach house.

Snape had made hamburgers for dinner, grilling on the back porch because he believed the muggle way of cooking out to be almost enjoyable. They ate at the picnic table behind the house and Snape listened to Draco and Harry joke about just how far they could each swim out to sea. The fact of the matter was that neither of them were skillful swimmers, having never had much practice in childhood, but Snape did not interrupt them. He took amusement from their youthful bravado, remembering the types of arguments boys of their age often took to be life or death situations.

“Essentially, swimming is more mental than physical,” Harry debated. “And we all know you’ve got a few loose screws up there, Dray, so...”

Draco shoved Harry in jest, and the dark haired boy pretended to choke on his food.

“Oh, come off it,” Draco laughed, tickling Harry to catch him in the lie.

“You trying to kill me?” Harry asked, eyebrows raised as he grinned at Draco.

“Well, it would cut down on the grocery bills,” Draco told him.

Harry reached over to tickle Draco’s side, causing the boy to flail his arms and knock over his milk. He scrambled away as the liquid splattered to the bench of the picnic table, and Harry nearly fell over in convulsions of laughter, teasing him.

“Alright, you two,” Snape warned, banishing away the spilled milk with a flick of his wand and refraining from mentioning that they were acting like six year olds. “Finish eating.”

As Draco and Harry ate and carried on about other just-as-pressing matters, he found himself watching the way Harry smiled and laughed, the way he scratched at that day’s sunburn on his shoulder and tossed the wet hair out of his eyes. Both boys were dressed in only their swimsuits while they ate, and Harry’s hair was wet from the ocean, slicked back although pieces kept falling down over his forehead.

It had been weeks since Snape had been with Harry alone, since he had let himself give into the temptations driven by the boy’s connection to Sirius and Lily. None of it had seemed right while they were within the walls of Hogwarts, while they were still student and teacher. But the beach house had its own rules, and he wondered if the boy had been feeling the tension that had been building between them, wondered if the boy knew just how much power he could have over the older man. He caught the boy’s green eyes and did not break the gaze.

“Is that your old room up there?” Harry asked, staring at Snape. “The one we’re using?”

Snape nodded and set his silverware down on his empty plate. “It is,” he said, folding his hands up near his chin.

“How long did you live here?” Harry asked.

Snape turned away from Harry’s gaze at last, in order to glance at Draco, who was finishing his hamburger.

“We spent summers here,” he said, taking a deep breath. “But it’s rarely used, now.”

He cleared his throat and stood from the table, beginning to clear plates and cups. He still felt Sirius’ presence within the beach house. The man had been as enchanted by the place as Harry and Draco were, had been just as excited to explore the cliffs and search for seashells and chase after the seagulls. They had spent one long, carefree weekend on the beach only days before the man’s death.

“I’ll clean up,” Snape said to the table, and after a quick tempus charm he looked up at Harry once more. “You have two hours before I expect you back inside.”

Without a word, the boys sprinted from the picnic table towards the beach, racing each other towards the water. It was just past 7:30, and the sun was starting to set in the distance. Within another hour, the beach would be dark. He cleaned up the picnic table and then made his way back to the porch swing with a book in his hands, and yet he knew he would not be able to read. His mind was too focused on Sirius’ lingering presence, and on Harry’s bare chest, and on what the combination meant for him.

###

“Bet I can hold my breath underwater longer than you,” Draco challenged after they had swum in the ocean for a few moments.

“Okay,” Harry said. “Go on my count.”

Draco nodded, and plunged underwater after Harry had counted to three. But Harry stayed above water, and within moments had grabbed Draco around the waist and was wrestling him to the ocean floor. They were in shallow water, so both were able to surface quickly, splashing around as they yelled at each other, each laughing as they clawed salt water from their eyes.

“No fair,” Draco gasped before being flipped into the waves. “You cheated!”

But Harry knew he was not sincerely angry, and after they had expelled their energy with wrestling, they lay side by side on their backs in the sand, holding hands as they caught their breath. The sun was nearly set, and with it the night turned cooler. When they were dried off enough they found sweatshirts Snape had lain out for them on the porch railing and they yanked them over their damp bodies, not bothering to change out of their swim trunks and into pants in case they decided to swim once more before turning in.

Returning to the shore, they sat where the water met the sand, hoods yanked over their damp hair as they stared at the darkening red sky and fast-moving clouds. Draco leaned against Harry, who wrapped an arm around the shorter boy.

“It’s nice here,” Draco mumbled, and Harry nodded.

They were silent for a time, each lost in thoughts personal and varied. Draco reached over and held Harry’s hand, glancing up at the boy.

“What are you thinking about?” the blonde asked. “You’ve got that look on your face.”

“What look?” Harry scoffed, ruffling Draco’s hair.

“That look you get when you’re up to no good.”

Harry shrugged. “I was just thinking,” he said, turning towards the other boy with a devilish grin. “I bet I could hold my pee longer than you.”

“So not true,” Draco laughed, shaking his head. “No way you can hold it longer than me.”

“Have you forgotten I was locked in a closet for much of my life?” Harry asked, raising an eyebrow.

“We’ll see how far that gets you when you’re wetting yourself,” Draco winked.

Harry moved away from Draco and sat up on his knees, facing the other boy with his hands resting on his thighs.

“There’s over an hour before we’ve got to go inside,” Harry said. “First to pee himself loses.”

“What’s the penalty?” Draco asked.

Harry thought for a moment before smirking. “Loser has to pee his pants in front of Snape.”

###

They decided to snog in order to pass the time, lying entwined in the sand until they began to feel the first twinges of need. It happened nearly simultaneously, Harry admitting to Draco that he needed to go because they had agreed to tell each other when it was starting to get bad. Half the fun of the game was knowing how the other was faring.

“I’m feeling it now,” Harry said, pulling his lips from Draco’s and laying his head on the blonde’s chest when he lay back on the sand.

Draco nodded, agreeing with Harry. The ocean waves against their bare feet did nothing to alleviate their need. Nor did the cool air settling in. But they were both half aroused from their makeout session as well as the thought of the other needing a wee, and the arousal made them excited, ready for anything.

“Have you ever seen someone else pee themselves?” Harry asked, tensing his thighs together.

“You mean besides you?”

“Don’t be a smart ass,” Harry said, craning his head to see Draco’s sly grin.

Draco quickly shook his head, not wanting to bring Ron Weasley into the equation by relaying the full extent of what had happened between them while at the Burrow. He played with Harry’s hair, too content and comfortable to care that the boy’s weight was adding pressure to his filling bladder.

“Never?,” Harry asked, surprised. “My cousin used to do it all the time when we were kids. I swear he liked doing it.”

“Must run in the family,” Draco joked.

“Sod off,” Harry laughed, poking the blonde in the ribs.

Draco shifted his body down, guiding Harry to rest his head up higher on his chest, farther away from his nearly throbbing bladder.

“You have to go?”

The blonde nodded, unable to keep one leg from twisting over the other. He needed to pee badly, but there was no way he were losing the challenge. He knew he could hold it if he really put his mind to it, if he envisioned his father, if he channelled all the punishments he had received over the years.

“Me too,” Harry said, sitting up and dropping one hand to press the front of his swim trunks.

Draco could not help from plucking at his own crotch.

“There’s only half an hour before we have to go inside,” Harry told him. “Think you’ll make it?”

Draco nodded, but his eyes were closed as he squeezed himself through his swim shorts.

“Fuck, why did I let you talk me into this?” he asked.

“Because you love me. And my handsome good looks are irresistible,” Harry said, grinning cheekily.

The blonde whimpered and pressed down between his legs, swearing under his breath. Harry watched intently, knowing Draco had drunk far more than he at dinner, and that the Slytherin had always had a weak bladder, no matter what he said otherwise to uphold his pride. His urges came on quickly, and as soon as he was desperate he had only a short amount of time. Anyone could tell the gyrations and constant grabbing meant he was about to lose it. Harry was certainly feeling the pressure in his own bladder, and yet he knew he would easily be able to hold it until they were called in for bedtime. He could simply sit back and watch the other boy pee his pants.

But he could barely breathe steadily, knowing his boyfriend was about to pee. He had wanted this for so long, had wanted to watch while he lost complete control, like the time they had pretended to be in Snape’s detention. Something made Harry put on a tense expression, made him whimper along with Draco, made him press his thighs together and hold the front of his swim trunks. He didn’t want to just watch as Draco pissed himself. He wanted to share the experience.

“It’s getting bad, isn’t it?” Harry asked, his voice suddenly strained. “You really have to go.”

“C-can we at least move away from the water?” Draco practically begged. “It’s making it worse.”

The Slytherin had sat up and pulled his knees to his chest around the hand in his crotch. He was wiggling his hips, grinding his ass into the sand beneath him. Harry kept pressure between his own legs as he sat on he knees and leaned to kiss Draco on the lips.

“No way,” he said. “Just hold on.”

Draco shuddered and dropped his knees, crossing his legs once more as he squirmed.

“I can’t...oh, fuck.”

“Did you lose some?”

Harry could see Draco blush even in the settling darkness, and his breath hitched in his throat at the sight.

“Doesn’t matter,” he mumbled. “You didn’t go all the way, yet. You can hold the rest.”

Draco shook his head.

“I’m about to do it all,” he said, dropping his head to stare at his crotch. “I c-can’t hold it. I have to go too much.”

“Oh, Merlin,” Harry said, closing his eyes as he imagined Draco desperate to pee in Potions class, with Snape watching. “Ah, fuck.”

They sat in mutual silence, nearly shoulder to shoulder as they wriggled in the sand, hands gripping themselves as they struggled to keep their damp swim trunks from being wet all over again. The only sound was the occasional moan or whimper or grunt as Draco struggled not to have an accident and Harry struggled to keep his arousal to a minimum.

After a moment, Harry couldn’t take it any longer, sitting next to his desperate boyfriend, squirming about and ready to pee himself. With a sigh, he let a small stream of pee into his trunks, wanting to feel what Draco was feeling, wanting to feel the shame and warmth and pleasure.

“Fucking hell,” he breathed. “I’m doing it too.”

“Oh shit,” Draco gasped. “Here it comes.”

Harry’s hands were wet in his crotch, his swim trunks unable to hold the pee he had let out. He heard Draco swearing, and knew the other boy had lost it, that he was wetting his swimsuit in the sand next to him. With a moan, Harry released his own bladder, hearing it stream out of him and begin to splatter into the sand beneath his ass.

“I can’t hold it,” Draco admitted. “It’s coming out!”

“Bloody hell, I’m wetting,” Harry groaned, leaning forward as he pressed his hands deeper into his crotch. “I’m peeing!”

“I can’t stop it,” the blonde moaned, voice tight.

“Oh, I’m doing it,” Harry sighed.

Harry peed forcefully, letting his swim trunks become completely saturated in his urine, his skin hot with the liquid as the sand beneath him became dark. Reaching a hand across and into Draco’s lap, he threw his head back and pissed himself dry, groping the other boy’s crotch, feeling his stream of pee against the palm of his hand, feeling the puddle he was leaving on the beach as he hardened in arousal. He came moments later, unable to keep his hands off himself.

“I’m sorry,” Draco said after they had finished, breathing heavily.

Harry leaned over and kissed the boy once more.

“Don’t apologize,” he scolded, continuing to grope the boy’s wet crotch, the saturated fabric warm in his fingers.

He knew when Draco kissed him back that the blonde had enjoyed the experience nearly as much as Harry had. He lay back and pulled Draco towards him, and they lay in the sand, their wet swimsuits pressed against each other until they were forced to pull apart. They braved the ocean to wash the pee off their bodies.

“So, who won?” Draco asked as they gasped for air amidst the now freezing cold waves.

“I guess we both lost,” Harry shrugged, pulling Draco out as soon as they were rinsed off. “Which means...”

Draco shook his head.

“No way,” he said.

“Rules are rules,” Harry said. “We’ve both got to pee ourself in front of Snape.”

“No, Harry. Can’t we just do a re-match tomorrow?” Draco begged, arms wrapped around himself as he shivered.

Harry pulled Draco towards his chest and ran his hands up the boy’s arms. Neither of them needed a re-match to know that Draco would lose. Because neither of them doubted for a second the fact that Harry had been putting on an act, that he had wanted to lose just as much as he wanted to watch Draco squirm. Neither of them doubted that Harry had been waiting for the opportunity to pee himself while Snape watched, that he had been longing to act out fantasies he had been harboring since he was a first year.

“I’ll bet I can get a better reaction out of him than you can,” Harry smirked.

Draco sighed.

“Tell me again why I let you talk me into these things,” he said.

“Because your life would be boring without me,” Harry winked.

###

*146*2012-08-08 00:15

I'm updating at last, and although had planned to keep this going for a while longer, this will be my last chapter of this story. I'm moving soon and starting a master's program in a while, so it makes sense for me to put an end to this one for the time being. I've honestly loved writing this story, and although I feel it got a bit muddled at the end because I didn't have a clear direction, I am glad it gave some people pleasure and a lot of you enjoyed reading this story.

Before this gets lost in the archives of the fanfiction section, I want to say a sincere thank you to those of you who've been reading and reviewing from the beginning. Ryoku: I know you've been busy lately, but you reviewed this story in such depth that you allowed me to see some elements which I hadn't even realized wanted to become a part of this story, and your insight absolutely made this story better. Wolf: you've been wonderful and consistent, and so damn complimentary about my writing. I may not even have continued this story were it not for the nice comments and your wonderful words of encouragement. I feel like you've been my biggest advocate, and for that I'm very grateful. Thanks also to Sev and HarryPotterFan, both of whom encouraged me to post this story in the first place.

Ok, I'm all sappy becasue I get like this when a story is complete and becasue I'm a bit stressed out in general, but thanks to everyone who commented or found pleasure in this story. Maybe I'll start another omorashi story at some point, but for now enjoy this final chapter. It's a bit sappy and maybe a bit angsty, but hopefully it wraps things up for those of you who have followed the story through to the end. Thanks, everyone--enjoy!

Chapter 32

Harry couldn’t sleep. He lay in the tiny room at the beach house that had once been Snape’s, imagining what the dark man would have been like as a child, imagining what he would have wished for, the secrets he would have kept hidden under mattresses and beneath loose floorboards. He had seen Snape looking at him while they ate dinner, had seen the look in his eye, the way he focused on his neck and shoulders and eyes as he put him and Draco to bed.

Draco slept soundly, breathing deeply, clutching Harry’s arm to his chest the way a little boy would sleep with a stuffed animal. He envied Draco’s ability to sleep, his ability to forget about his problems now that they were at the beach house, to place them aside, barred in the hallways closets of Hogwarts. Harry had felt the same sense of freedom when they had first come to the beach house, had not been nervous or worried, but now the novelty of the new environment had worn off, and Harry realized he was not free of his worries; he had simply forgotten about them in the excitement of the beach house.

He had dreamt of Voldemort the night before, bits and pieces of a violent nightmare that he woke shaking from, covered in sweat. He felt guilty, but had been able to pass off the wet bed as Draco’s doing. He didn’t need Snape to know the nightmares were coming back. Something had changed between them the night the Potions Master had told Harry about Sirius and his mother, something that Harry longed for, something he wanted to find again. And yet he knew it was wrong to hope that Snape would comfort him once more; he was unable to rid himself of the conviction that he was simply a boy the man had taken in on account of his godson. They were professor and student, nothing more. And yet, lately, the two of them hadn’t been able to keep their eyes off each other.

He slipped his arm out of Draco’s grip as gently as possible. The boy stirred, but when Harry placed a pillow into his arms, the blonde clutched it to his body and settled back into sleep. Harry bent down and kissed Draco on the cheek. He didn’t know what he would do without Draco; he was grateful for the boy more than words could say.

“Where are you going?” Draco mumbled, lifting his eyelids ever so slightly.

“Just for a walk,” Harry smiled. “Go back to sleep, baby.”

Draco nodded, rubbing his eye as he pulled the pillow closer towards himself, hugging it tightly. Harry grinned down at his boyfriend for a time before standing from the bed and making his way towards the door.

“Harry?”

The dark haired boy turned to face Draco, who blinked at him in the dark room.

“Do I really gotta pee in my pants in front of Snape?”

Harry breathed a laugh, his heart warming at the innocence of the Slytherin. He cared for Draco as if he were meant to be with him always, cared for him in a way he was desperate to be cared for, in a way that was protective and fatherly as well as tender and intimate. He sat back on the bed and lay with his head next to Draco’s, sharing his pillow.

“Not if you don’t want to, love,” he said, pressing his lips against the blonde boy’s mouth.

Draco relaxed into the kiss and his eyes drooped closed once more. Harry saw the boy half-fighting against sleep, and noticed the slight squirm.

“Do you have to go, Dray?” Harry asked, brushing hair from the boy’s forehead.

Draco’s eyebrows furrowed and he shook his head, eyes still closed as he fell closer to sleep.

“I can hold it,” he whimpered. “I don’t gotta.”

Smiling at the innocence of such an obvious lie, Harry reached a hand down beneath the sheet and cupped the boy’s groin. Draco sighed in contentment as he pressed himself into Harry’s palm, relaxing a bit as the pressure of his bladder decreased. The Slytherin was dressed in nothing but a pair of briefs, his skin sticky with sweat. Harry kissed him again as Draco fell asleep.

“Just go, baby,” Harry whispered. “It’s alright.”

He felt a dribble of wetness come through Draco’s briefs, and onto the palm of his hand, but the blonde seemed to know what was happening, seemed distressed that he was having trouble holding his pee. He whimpered and his eyes fluttered open, finding Harry looking at him from his place next to him.

“I hafta pee,” he said, voice whiny as he struggled to wake from sleep. “I’m gonna...”

There was another burst of wetness against Harry’s hand, and Draco gasped gently, his face twisting as if he were in pain, as if he were debating whether to force himself fully awake.

“Just go, Dray,” Harry said quietly, kissing Draco’s forehead. “We’ll clean you up in the morning.”

Draco yawned and shook his head.

“I’ll get in trouble,” he mumbled as Harry felt another spurt of wetness. Draco was half incoherent, squirming against Harry’s hand, thigh tensing on either side of his wrist. “Have to go so bad, Uncle Sev’us.”

Harry smiled, shushing the boy who was obviously caught in some half-dreaming state. He knew he would take care of Draco when they went back to school, knew he deserved to be protected, that he needed to know someone was there for him, someone who loved him even if his father did not.

“You can wet, Draco,” Harry said, “Just this once is okay.”

Whether Draco thought it was his Uncle granting permission, or knew it was just his bemused boyfriend, Harry would never know. Whichever the case, the urine began pouring out of Draco all at once, streaming into Harry’s hand through the boy’s damp briefs and dribbling down onto the mattress below. Draco sighed as he let go, relief overtaking his tense body. Harry saw the hints of a smile playing at the corners of the boy’s mouth; he knew what Draco felt, knew the warm comfort which was coming over him, the sense of wonderful helplessness, the bliss of letting it all go.

There was a part of Harry that knew his summer would have been much less confusing and taxing had he and Draco never been thrown into detention together on the last day of school, but he also knew it would have been another lonely summer, that Draco had shown him what it was to love and be loved. He knew, Draco had given him a home at last.

Smiling down at Draco as he finished wetting and settled back into a comfortable sleep, Harry stroked his cheek and tucked the sheet around the boy, tucking the wet spots beneath the boy’s hips, hiding his desperate, wonderful shame from view. Leaving the room quietly, Harry tiptoed down the staircase and through the living room, leaving the beach house through the sliding glass door. Snape would be angry were he to be caught outside after bedtime, but he needed to clear his mind. He needed to walk in the sand alone; maybe if he walked for long enough, he would be too exhausted to dream when he finally got to sleep.

The night air was cool, but Harry liked the briskness of the wind. He wandered towards the shoreline, pausing to roll his linen pajama pants to the knee. Their Hogwarts pajamas were far too warm for the beach house, and while Snape could easily have controlled the temperature with a few quick spells, it seemed more natural to leave the windows open and let the night air inside. He had found them some old pajamas from the hallway closet. Harry wondered if they had once belonged to a teenaged Snape, sleeping shirtless in the humid tiny bedroom of the beach house.

He had been walking for ten minutes when he saw Snape approaching from the other side of the beach. Harry had a fleeting notion that he should duck into the seagrass or dive into the water to hide, but the fact of the matter was he was relieved to see him. He wondered if a part of him had been hoping to find the man when he left the house that night.

“I couldn’t sleep, sir,” Harry said when the man was within hearing distance. He was blunt and upfront, wanting to create an environment of open communication, wanting Snape to feel they were on equal terms rather than as if he had the power to discipline and shame Harry.

“Are the nightmares back?” Snape asked, standing close, glancing down at Harry’s bare chest.

“Yes.”

He hadn’t meant to say it. He had meant to lie, to laugh at the notion that the Boy-Who-Lived still had moments where he was terrified of the dark, to sneer at the very idea of weakness. But the night was clear and the waves were cold against his feet, and he was tired of pretending to be okay.

Snape nodded. “I have something for you,” he said.

The man was holding a book, had apparently had it in his hands since Harry had stumbled upon him. It was a thin book with yellowed pages and a cracked, worn leather cover, blacker than the night around them. He knew what it was before Snape told him; it made sense that the man clutched it in his fingers as if it were pain and healing all at once.

“I haven’t read it,” the man said. “I think he’d have liked you to have it.”

Harry waited until Snape was ready to give the journal up, until he held it out, eyes closed as if he didn’t want to see it change hands. Sirius had written in this journal, had detailed his innermost thoughts and hopes for a future that had been cut short. It was small and light, all that was left of the man who had meant so much to the Boy-Who-Lived, who had made such an impression on a scrawny young Slytherin who would grow to rescue Harry in more ways than one.

“You sound like him when you tease Draco,” Snape said, his voice settling back to its deep drawl. “Even more so when you laugh.”

The Gryffindor sighed, running his thumb along the spine of the journal. He knew it would be some time before he felt ready to read what was inside, months or even years before he felt strong enough to become keeper of his godfather’s secrets. But he was glad to have it; it made him feel as if Sirius were still with him, as if a part of him had been given back, in a way.

“He would have liked it, me being here with you,” Harry sniffed.

Snape reached a hand towards Harry, cupping his chin as he brushed a tear from the boy’s face with the pad of his thumb. He nodded, and Harry stepped close until he was able to lift his lips to Snape’s mouth, to kiss him and know Sirius had once kissed those lips. Maybe his mother had as well.

“It’s late,” Snape said when the boy stepped off his tip-toes, when he had taken his lips away to wipe his face and look up at Snape, vulnerable and lonely. “We should get you to bed.”

Harry nodded, allowing himself to be led up the beach by his Potions Professor, back into the beach house which may have been the child-Snape’s only refuge from his painful life, back into the bedroom which may have been the boy-Snape’s last taste of innocent happiness.

They stood in the doorway, Harry glancing up at Snape, who remained just in the hallway, on the threshold of the old bedroom.

“Think you’ll be able to sleep?” he asked. His voice was soft as he stood close to Harry, as he looked at him with compassion. And there it was again, the sense that the man understood him, that he cared for him beyond the shadows of prophecy.

Harry shrugged, sniffling.

“Draco had an accident,” he said.

Snape nodded.

“Go ahead and climb into bed,” he told him. “I’ll wait to clean the mattress until morning. Just in case.”

Harry blinked back tears, staring up at the man who loved his mother, the man his godfather loved, the man who had taken him in and had given him permission to find comfort where he could. he knew he was giving him permission to find that comfort now, even if that meant giving him permission to pee the sheets purposely seconds after being put to bed, even if that meant pretending it hadn’t happened come morning.

“You sure?” Harry asked, heart beating. He knew Snape understood. Harry might be able to sleep if he wet the bed. The nightmares wouldn’t come if he were comforted by the wet warmth, by the fact that Snape would be there in the morning to spell the sheets clean and send him off to shower before making him breakfast.

“That mattress has a long history of nighttime wettings,” Snape said knowingly, his voice low, conspiratorial.

Harry wiped his face and climbed into bed, surprised when Snape followed him inside the bedroom, when he bent over the bed to lift the sheet and place it beneath Harry’s chin before removing the boy's glasses. Harry blinked up at Snape as the man wiped the boy’s face and brushed the hair back from the small forehead to trace the famous scar with his thumb. They both knew they would never again find a carnal pleasure such as that they had found the night Harry had first shown up at Snape's quarters, that their desire for each other no longer revolved around misplaced sexual tension. Something else had developed between them, something that would last longer than passionate trysts, somethign safe, something they had both been longing for since they were children: understanding.

Snape leaned down and placed his lips against the Boy-Who-Lived's gnarled lightning-bolt of a scar before patting Harry's cheek and turning to leave. He paused in the doorway, one hand on the doorknob, to look back at Harry’s wide stare.

“I love this old room,” Snape said, but his eyes were on Harry, and his gaze did not waver.

