Unexpected Encounter at the Pub

Author: GirlsLovePee

*000*2023-04-23 12:43

I met Kimberly at a small pub near my house. I had never been much of a pub-goer, but after my divorce, I often found myself bored in the evenings, and spending an hour or so at the café on the corner was a nice distraction. It was a really old café, with an old-fashioned billiards table. Within a few weeks, I had gotten to know some regular customers, and playing a game of billiards with a glass of beer was always enjoyable.

One evening, I was playing billiards when Kimberly walked in. She immediately caught my eye. Initially, it wasn't even her pretty face that caught my attention, but rather the incredibly tight light blue jeans she was wearing. I later found out that Kimberly was in her early thirties. Kimberly sat at the bar and ordered a white wine. Meanwhile, I continued to play billiards cheerfully, but from the corner of my eye, I kept looking at Kimberly. She was just sitting there alone, and I was actually happy when the game of billiards was over, and I boldly went to sit next to her.

"Hi," I said to her. "I've never seen you here before." That was true. She had never been there before. To my surprise, she told me about her whole life story. She had just gotten divorced and moved. Her house was a bit in order, and she wanted a night of distraction. But this café was a letdown for her. It looked nice from the outside, but there was little to experience inside. A few old guys with a drink, and I was actually the only somewhat younger one. When she had told me her joys and sorrows so candidly, I also told her about my misery over the past year.

Also just divorced. She was a bit surprised when I said that, and I saw her looking at my wedding ring. "Well, it's still pretty fresh," I said. "I took off that wedding ring on the day of the divorce, but a few days later, I put it back on. It must be a habituation process. I still love my ex-wife very much. I think I can't let go of it yet." She nodded and said she knew the feeling. Her ex-husband had left her for a younger woman. She didn't understand it. They had it so good, and now that idiot thought that a girl barely 20 could bring him more happiness.

Within half an hour, we were actually exchanging pretty intimate details and somewhat jokingly, I invited her to come with me to my house. "It's nearby and I have a nice white wine at home," I said. I didn't expect her to agree at all, but to my surprise, she said, "OK, just for a bit." I now knew that she lived close to me and reassured her by saying that I would drop her off at home later, so she wouldn't have to walk alone in the dark.

When we arrived at my house, I explained that it was a split-level home, so the living room was immediately on the second floor. "It's nice because I never have anyone looking in," I said. "The only downside is that you always have to go up or down stairs to use the bathroom." She laughed and said, "I'm one of those people who always hold it in as long as possible. Maybe it's weird, but I prefer to use my own bathroom. I was like that as a kid too. I rarely or never used the bathroom at school. I held it in until I got home. It didn't always work out though."

"Oh," I said. "What do you mean?" Meanwhile, I walked into the kitchen to grab the corkscrew.

"Well, you know," she said. "Almost home and the idea that the bathroom was so close only made the urge stronger. I've even had accidents and ended up peeing in my pants in front of our back door. My mother was pretty mad."

"Oh, cool," I replied as the cork popped out of the bottle. It kind of slipped out of me. "Do you think that's cool?" she asked. "I got in a lot of trouble for it and didn't think it was cool at all."

"But you were just a kid. Kids have accidents like that sometimes," I explained hastily. It's crazy that your mother got so angry about it."

"A child, ... I was about 15," she said. "And if it had been the first time, my mother would probably have just laughed about it. But I regularly wet my pants, much to her annoyance."

"Wow," I said as I placed the wine bottle on the coffee table and retrieved two wine glasses from the cabinet. "And all because you refused to use a strange toilet?"

"No way," she said. "I was often just too lazy to go on time. You know how it is. I was one of those who just held on for as long as possible while playing. Once, I was playing with a friend in my room and had held on for way too long again. I wet my pants in my room while the bathroom was only three meters away."

"Then that friend must have looked at you strangely," I said as I poured the wine into the glasses. "No, not at all," she said. "She knew me well. The only thing she said was, 'Is it that time again, Kimberly? Are you peeing in your pants again? You'll never learn.'"

In the meantime, I lifted my wine glass, and Kimberly did the same. "Cheers," I said and added, "And did you ever learn?"

"Ha!" she said. "You mean going to the bathroom on time? Well, to be honest, it still happens to me sometimes."

"Oh, come on," I said suddenly with great interest. "Do you still wet your pants?"

"Sometimes," she said. "I'm still occasionally too lazy to go on time. It's strange. I was vacuuming yesterday and realized I really needed to go. I ran to the bathroom and it was already too late right before the door." Now, I was starting to feel quite warm and suddenly imagined beautiful Kimberly sitting there on my couch with a wet, tight pair of jeans. "You were probably glad you were home alone," I said. "At least there was no mother around to scold you."

"Yes," she muttered. "Maybe that's why I'm not so careful anymore. Since I no longer live at home, even when I was married, I've had quite a few wet pants in the laundry. Even my ex-husband still doesn't know to this day that I regularly wet my pants."

Now my interest was fully piqued. For years, I had been dreaming of a woman wetting herself in front of me, and now there was one sitting on my couch openly admitting to doing it regularly. Not that she enjoyed it... or did she? I decided to throw caution to the wind. "I've only ever seen kids wet their pants," I said. "But you know, I think it would be kind of sexy to watch a woman try to hold her pee and then secretly let a little bit leak out into her pants. And then after a while, she says, 'Look what I did.' I'm not into watersports or drinking pee, but it seems like it would be a really exciting feeling to see a woman consciously wet herself." Kimberly fell silent for a moment.

"Do you really mean that?" she asked. "Yes," I said. "I've never seen it, but it just seems erotic to me."

"You're weird," she said. "So if I were to pee a little in my pants right now, would you get turned on?"

"I don't know," I lied. "I've never seen it before, but I think I probably would. I mean, the idea..."

"Well," she said. "You'll find out soon enough. Take a look." And Kimberly spread her legs, and to my surprise, I was looking straight at her crotch. A wet spot, no bigger than a quarter, right in the middle of her crotch. "Is that pee?" I asked, still a bit innocent. "You bet," she said. "And if I don't go to the bathroom soon, it's going to get worse."

"Go ahead then," I said, now quite excited. "Don't do everything, just a little before you go to the bathroom." I hurriedly put my wine glass back on the table, or it would have fallen out of my hands. I felt myself getting quite warm, trembling all over my body.

"You're serious, aren't you?" she asked. "Do you really want me to do that? I still have to go home, you know."

"It doesn't matter," I said quickly. "I'll come up with something." Kimberly knew very well that I was practically climbing the walls. I could hardly take my eyes off that wet spot in her crotch. "But then your couch will get wet," she said, teasing me. "It doesn't matter, I'll buy a new one if I have to," I said. "Yes, but I mean, if I let a little more go, I'm afraid everything will come out."

"So what," I said. "You're really weird," she said. "But okay, if you really want to see it once..." It took a few seconds. My eyes fixed on her crotch. I see a small glint appear on the already present wet spot. The spot gets bigger and without any shame, Kimberly opens all the floodgates. I even hear the stream spraying against the fabric of her pants. In no time, the wet spot grows into a large spot and the urine flows out of her pants onto my couch. I don't even care. Maybe a shame about the couch, but I can clean it. I can't take my eyes off her increasingly wet pants. "I'm really wetting my pants completely," she says redundantly. "It's okay, just do it," I can only say. "You're getting so damn horny from this, aren't you?" she asks. "Jesus, you have no idea what you're doing to me," I mutter. My pants are starting to feel tight and it's almost like I'm going to have a spontaneous orgasm. I feel the tingling.

Kimberly stands up, still peeing. It's now running down her pants legs, even dripping onto my tile floor. It's almost too much for me now. "Feel it," says Kimberly. "I see you want to feel how wet and warm it is." I don't need to be told twice. While she's still peeing, I put my hand in her crotch and feel how it's still very warm and wet. Suddenly, Kimberly starts kissing me. "I've made you really horny, haven't I!" she remarks. "Shall we go to your bedroom?" Kimberly lived in her own house for two more months. She's been living with me for two years now, and hardly a day goes by without her wetting her pants. Sometimes I come home from work and she's doing the dishes in a mini skirt. "Feel it," she says only. And then it's time to party.

*002*2023-04-25 17:54

{{On 4/24/2023 at 8:16 AM, Fre Wed99 said:

I thought Kimberly was called Marieke originally 😉

}}

😂

