The Downfall of Dax

Author: Guest Squirming Fox

*000*2018-03-13 13:55

This is going to be a furry omorashi / diaper story, if any of that sounds like anything you wouldn't enjoy then I'm sorry.

Character Ref: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/24085771/

(Reference picture drawn by https://www.furaffinity.net/user/miri

)

###

CHAPTER 1: THE GYM INCIDENT

I might still of had some credibility at school, I could of went from class to class, eaten lunch with my friends, maybe even given the right circumstances I could have been just like any normal 16 year old. Not now though, that's kind of a pipe dream for me now after what happened and what resulted because of it. My name's Dax by the way, I'm a small fox with orange and white fur, my eyes are bright blue and I have a fluffy orange tail that ends in a white tip. However my most definitive, yet hidden from site, feature would have to be my small bladder.

In the average school day a teenager like me would visit the bathroom once maybe twice but not me, no sir for me you can double that figure. On hot summer days where drinking fluid is paramount you can expect me to visit the toilet up to 6 times in just one day! Granted it's not like I have a serious problem with holding my urine (some find this statement debatable) my bladder just fills up quickly and is a little on the smaller side it always has been, just like the rest of me. Of course, no problem like this is without its origin story and this one begins for me in elementary school, I like to refer to this as the gym incident.

I had been sent home numerous times with wet pants in 6th grade, it was like my bladder had just decided to give up half way through the school year, I remember the first time I wet my pants at school, asking for the bathroom 15 minutes from lunch time isn't exactly going to get you anywhere.

"Dax for the last time I'm not giving you a hall pass, it's not even 15 minutes before class ends now put down your hand."

A big brown bear, our maths teacher, said annoyed. I've always been a shy vixen, even though my bladder was aching and my knees were firmly clasped together and my legs were crossed like some kind of weird denim pretzel I didn't protest, the teacher must be right that's what i thought, I've always had a hard time arguing with those in authority. But as it turns out 15 minutes was just too long for my bladder to wait, I buried my bright red face, flushed and hot, into my arms resting on the desk. Humiliation, shame, anger, sadness, it's amazing how many emotions can over come you as your urine begins to run down your legs and fill up your shoes.

I was laughed at and teased, made to walk to the front of the class room by my teachers guiding hands so that everyone could see my wet butt and then had to take the long walk to the nurses office alone, my dad arrived not too long after to take me home. What I remember most about the drive home wasn't my dad's words of outrage at the school for not letting his son use the bathroom, it was how the other kids at school would treat me from now on and also how damn tight the spare pare of underwear I had been given felt.

When this happened a second time, waiting in line for school lunch, the principle made it clear I was allowed full access to any bathroom in the school and was given a personal hall pass so that I could slip out of class when I needed to. After a 3rd time, in class again, my parents started sending me to school with spare underwear and pants ("Keep these in your bag sweetie, I'm sure this is all just a fluke but... just in case, alright hun?").

Fourth time, in a hurried dash to the bathroom(I didn't make it in time) nothing much changed other than the name 'Damp pants Dax' was my new official name behind the teacher's backs and of course my parents became even more worried, they argued a lot more during this time period and though they tried to keep things civil in front of me I heard, walked in on, and listened in on, little bits of heated arguments here and there, I knew they were very concerned and I couldn't blame them, 4 accidents in 3 months wasn't something you could over look especially in a 12 year old boy.

However the last little nudge that pushed my parents to go to the doctor happened after the 5th time, the gym incident. About 6 weeks after my last accident and things were starting to ease off. I made sure to use the bathroom every opportunity I got even if I didn't have to go, I was drinking much less and with the ability to go whenever I wanted it would have been pretty hard to make a mistake and go in my pants again, or so I thought. It was a week after my birthday and for late May it was a scorcher 35 degrees Celsius (that's 95 Fahrenheit for your convenience) and we were all encouraged to drink plenty of water something I was very nervous about but I reasoned my body would be using up a lot more water to sweat and keep me hydrated than it would be using to filter out waste, boy was I wrong

Gym class became my least favourite class and that day just so happened to be a gym class day. To clarify I hated gym not because I disliked exercise but more because it gave the other boys in my class an opportunity to tease and bully me without an adult looming over their shoulders in the changing room. Looking back I could have asked the teacher if I could get changed after everyone else but I guess I felt I kinda deserved it, I couldn't after all even control my own bladder.

The girls and boys marched to their respective changing rooms gym bags in hand at the request of the gym teacher, a tall well built tiger I will refer to as Mr, Tig. Mr, Tig was nice and understanding of my situation as were most of the teachers but Mr, Tig was especially sympathetic and always let me go and made sure I got to the toilet OK but as stated earlier, teachers weren't allowed to go into the changing rooms it was a particular soft spot for the bullies of the class to take advantage of you. I had just placed my bag down in the corner of the changing room bench when I felt the call of nature.

"Hey Damp Pants!"

A voice taunted from behind me.

"You gonna wet your pants again, Damp Pants Dax~?"

Another voice came from the far left as I felt a small plastic object hit me on the ear, a water bottle. I could feel fresh tears start to well up in my eyes, I tried to hide them but they could easily tell when I was crying, bullies are great at sensing weakness.

"Aww it's ok Damp Pants don't cry, you need a diapee~ change?"

"Sh-shut *sniff* shut up..."

"BOYS! What's taking so long in THERE! Hurry, ASAP!"

Mr, Tig's voice bellowed and everyone quickly changed into their gym clothes but I took my time, neatly folding my jeans and t shirt up and placing them slowly into my bag next to a big empty plastic bottle, tears slowly pouring from my eyes, I wanted them all gone before I went out and faced them and sure enough by the time I was dressed my eyes were a little puffy and bloodshot but none the less dry. I hated myself for crying and jabbed myself firmly in the leg for it. I walked into the gymnasium forgetting to use the bathroom. Mr, Tig didn't even seem to notice when I entered the gymnasium 5 minutes later than anyone else, he just carried on instructing everyone as I sat down on the padded floor just like everyone else.

"It's simple really, just climb the rope ring the bell and climb back down, I'll be timing each of you individually but I don't want any teasing about slower times or whether someone can climb to the top or not, ok? And yes this IS a test so do try your best, you're being graded on this!"

It was then I realised I was fidgety and couldn't sit still, I had forgotten to use the bathroom! I cursed myself under my breath, I would have to wait until Mr, Tig was done explaining and demonstrating the technique, I didn't want to be the only one to fail gym class after all.

"Dax, why don't you go first?"

I could feel myself getting hot under the collar. 'How would I be able to climb a rope with my bladder this full?' I thought to myself, while doing a subtly potty dance where I sat. I contemplated telling just telling him I needed the toilet or just walking out but if I had done that even more teasing would ensue. Looking back on it Mr, Tig probably saw me fidgeting and wanted me to go first to avoid another accident but back then I could only focus on my pounding, aching bladder.

I got up, grabbed myself by pretending I was readjusted my gym shorts and walked as casually as I could over to the rope. Beads of sweat were rolling down my face, if I looked like I even slightly needed to pee then I would be mocked . I walked carefully making sure I wasn't crossing my legs or holding on to myself I was sure on the outside I only looked a little nervous because I heard a few giggles, I wondered if it looked that obvious that I had to pee but it was probably more because I looked nervous about climbing the rope, who knows maybe the giggles were only in my head? I had finally made it to the rope, my bladder begging to be voided whether it be in a toilet on in my blue gym shorts.

"Remember Dax, keep a firm grip on the rope but also use your legs to push yourself up, if you only rely on your arms you'll get tired and you'll-"

I had already begun my ascent up the rope before he finished talking. 2 feet, 4 feet 6 feet, I was at least 8 feet up in the air and had only a couple more feet to go and I guessed that only thirty seconds had passed, if I could just ring the bell and carefully climb back down, I could hold it, could make it.

"I can see your diaper from down here Damp Pants."

I froze up, I was about to reach for the bell but I couldn't move and then all of a sudden a gush of warm urine trailed down my legs and pitter pattered on to the safety mat now 10 feet below. I was dangling up in the air and didn't have any control over my body, I fell to the ground urine still pouring from my shorts and I landed with a wet thud. It was the longest fall of my life and yet it didn't hurt not even a little, thanks to the padded floor and the mat, what hurt now was my pride as I was soaked from head to toe in my own piss while it was still leaking out from me. Barrages of giggles followed by choruses of laughter filled the gymnasium, I couldn't even cry I was too devastated and disorientated.

"QUIET! Anybody who laughs will get a detention with me, and you won't just be writing lines either!"

Mr. Tig's booming voice was enough and everyone was all at once silent.

"Can you stand, Dax?"

He helped me to my feet, my trainers squeaked on the ground below me, everything I was wearing was sodden.

"No one is to move a muscle, if I find out anyone has so much as switched places while I take Dax to the nurse will not only receive detention but a call home."

I would be going to the doctors no less than a week after this happened.

(I passed by the way.)

I was told I had an underdeveloped bladder and with some exercises and a couple diet changes I could get better and mostly I did. Soon after we moved to a different town, I think we all needed a fresh start away from that town with all its bad memories. The gym incident was my last accident and as a consequence of no one knowing of my previous unfortunate events I was able to lead a normal middle school and high school life, well mostly normal as mentioned above I still had low bladder capacity but I could hold onto it a lot longer and stave off accidents and of course I was allowed to use any bathroom whenever I wanted. My confidence grew and I made friends, I was able to stand up to people who treated me badly and stand up for myself, things were starting to look a lot brighter and soon my elementary school days were a thing of the past.

I wish I could call this 'the end' and that I never had an accident at school again, that I was able to make it to 12th grade without mention of my small bladder again, but that dream was crushed 2 years prematurely in the 10th. The gym incident wasn't all I had to tell, that's not what "happened" that was so bad, peeing your pants at 12 is bad, but try it at 16.

To be continued...

*002*2018-03-13 23:21

{{50 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn poor Dax but this is great so far

}}

Thanks! I'll see how I feel tomorrow, maybe I'll write another chapter then. :)

