[Orific] Nadeshiko

Author: fecchiko

*000*2014-10-27 19:36

Nadeshiko

A sizzling ero-shousetsu by sgk

(Gakurei of Omorashi.org)

Main Genre : Slice of Life, Shoujo ai, DL

Synopsis : Sorami, a cheerful girl who just entered high school witnessed a girl named Nadeshiko wet herself on her first day in school, she knows from that moment on they will be close friends.

I'm a hobbyist writer who is under writeblock, writing ero-fiction is just one of the solutions someone suggested.

This story is Japanese Light Novel-styled, fictional, and dramatised.

Any feedback is appreciated, especially grammatical errors since English is not my first language.

This story contains loli, if you are uncomfortable or unfamiliar with loli-sized high schooler, please stop reading. Please don't say it's creepy.

Stories

Chapter 01 - To Know Her

Chapter 02 - TBA

Chapter 01 – To Know Her

{{: 

*Ring* *Ring* *Ring*

It’s never like in movies or commercials, when the clock rings, I never woke up chirpy. Instead, I always wake up like Death incarnate. Plain face; so plain I believe I my face eats light rather than reflect them. Messy hair, enough mess to choke my own neck if I weren’t careful. And dead eyes, deader than dried plum.

The routine happens again this morning, I woke up after I turned off my alarm clock lazily with exact face I described earlier. And since I always sleep with closed curtain, morning sunshine never bothered me.

It took me a great effort to raise my back and get out from my blanket. I sighed a breath then smiled, today is a special day. Within the darkness of my room, I can smell the fresh uniform lying on my chair. “Smells like teen spirit...”

My name is Sorami, 15 years old and a freshly enrolled highschooler. Today is my first day in my new school. I am so excited for this, new school, new class, and new friends. I wonder what will I see in my first day.

Three times I inhaled, and by each time, my smile gets wider and shinier. When I exhaled for the fourth time, I stop since I’m afraid I would make my cheeks swell from smiling too wide, and jump out from my bed.

For the first time since, like, ever, I unveil the lingering curtain that always conceals the morning view from my window. My sister always mad at me for not doing this, but today is a special exception.

The next fifteen minutes I spent by preparing myself. I took a quick shower since I can hardly wait to put on my new uniform. It’s a set of white long-sleeved shirt with curving collar, cream ribbon as necktie, grey pleated skirt with square pattern, and sleeveless cream sweater.

Soon after I dried and combed my short hair, I put on a pair of knee-high socks and take my bag downstairs.

“Oh!”

As I about to exit my room, my reflection on my mirror which is sitting on my wardrobe reminds me of something. I walk towards my desk and take out a Tupperware, I did not keep food there, but I keep my collection of hairpins.

I picked one, it has the shape of a rabbit’s head. It’s not my favourite, but I just feel like wearing it today. Now I am ready.

“Nee-chan!” I yell at my older sister that is preparing her breakfast in the kitchen. “Do you make some for me?”

“Nope, make it yourself,” she comments coldly.

“Hmmph.”

Her name is Naomi, my older sister. She’s attending to college, she is smart, but she is annoying.

After her harsh denial, I put my school bag on the dining table’s chair, then I proceed going into the kitchen and prepare myself two pieces of toast.

“So today is the day, huh?” she speaks while eating her toast, “my little sister finally a high schooler...”

“So what?”

“Maybe you will finally find love.”

“Wha—”

“High school is the spring of your life, you see.”

“That is not how it’s— furthermore, I’m attending an all-girls school, you know!”

“You can deny it all you want for now, but you’ll see...”

“Shut up!”

Fortunately my toast is done, so I don’t have to cope with my sister’s morning tease and focus in spreading strawberry jam over my newly toasted toast.

“Sorami-neechan, Naomi-neechan, you are being too loud in the morning.”

Another voice suddenly join in, it’s the voice of my little sister; Megumi. She’s still in her fifth grade. And unlike my annoying older sister, she’s adorable with her back-long hair.

“What are you talking about anyway?” Megumi ask us.

“Lo—”

“A topic that is still too early for you,” Naomi suddenly cuts before I can finish my answer.

“Eeh?”

“You will soon see when you’re older,” she continues.

“Ah, whatever,” I say as I finished eating my toast, “I’m going!”

Hastily I grab my bag that I left on the dinner table’s chair and run toward the front door.

“Don’t forget what I said!” Naomi shouts from the kitchen.

“Shut up!” I yell back at her while tying my shoes.

Soon after I secure the last loop of my left shoe, I open my front door and dazzling morning sunshine greeted me. There are also some kids from my neighbourhood that is commuting to their schools.

For this moment, I walk alone. For at least fifteen minutes I commute until I run into Kana, my friend from middle school who also enrols to the same school like I do.

“Kana-chan!” I shouts after slowly tiptoeing behind her until I was close enough to glomp her.

“Hya!” she jumped, one moment she became petrified before she finally it was me who surprised her. “Sorami...”

“How are you?”

“Just like usual,” she answers.

From this moment on, we are walking towards the school together. This will likely become a habit for the next days.

We walked for another ten minutes before we finally reached our school. After we entered the school and switched our shoes with uwabaki, Kana and I splitted ways. Unfortunately for us, despite entered the same school, we got assigned in different classes, she’s assigned to class 1-3 while I got assigned to class 1-5.

From the shoes locker, I walk into the wall and stare at it for a while. There is a school map there, so I don’t need to walk all around before finding my classroom.

“One level up, turn left, follow the corridors pass through one intersection, and there it is,” I make a mental note. “One level up, turn right, follow the corridors pass through one intersection, and there it is.”

I follow the mental navigation note, first is to ascend the stairs, and then I turn right. I walk past the restrooms and find an interception, but oddly I don’t find the classroom I seek.

“Wait, was it turn right or left?” I rethink the path I took, but I remember I should have seen the classroom soon after I pass through the intersection, and seeing the class 2-5 after the corridors intersection makes me reconsider.

“Excuse me,” I interrupt a pair of chatting seniors, “how can I reach class 1-5 from here?”

“Oh, you should have taken left after ascending the stairs,” one of them answers friendly.

“Yep, it’s on the other wing,” the other one adds.

“Stupid, I should have taken left,” I talk to myself. “Thanks for your help, Senpai!”

I retrace my steps back, I reached the restrooms and the stairs. So from this point I should have only walked straight forward. A few steps later, I find the corridor intersects, and across it is my classroom.

Inside my class is the typical new class; the quiet girls are sitting timidly for someone to greet them while the cheerful ones are talking towards each other. Me? I don’t know. I am not quite well placed within the noisy girls, but it’s not easy to approach the quiet ones either.

After I absorbed the atmosphere of my new class, I start to find my seat. I was about to ask the other girls if they know where my seat is, but since they looked so deep bonding, I refrained and try to find it myself.

I circled the class, firstly inspecting the column that is closest to the corridors, it wasn’t there. I proceed to check the next column, and find the same result. Until I finally find the seat that has my name on it.

My seat is located in the third row from the backmost in the second column next to the column that is next against the window. Apparently I am not the protagonist of a manga.

I settle in, I sit on the chair and hang my bag in the hanger on the right side of my desk. So far there is not a single special thing that happened to me. I guess I will just sit here until the announcement for the beginning of the semester opening ceremony.

As I spending the moment sitting while gazing outside the window, another girl entered the class. She looks quiet and she wears eyeglasses. I don’t pay much attention towards her, until she walk past my eyes which is still gazing outside the window. I’m kind of surprised knowing that she’s actually sitting next to me, her seat is right on my left, next to the window.

Soon after she settles in, she takes out a book, a novel from her bag and begins to read it. Unlike the other quiet girls in the class who is just sitting on their seats, waiting for the opening ceremony to start, she is the only one who makes herself looks busy by reading a book.

I stretch my back, trying to take a peek at the top left of her desk so I can read her name. Something ends with 子 (ko), I can’t read the other character of her name from here.

“Hey...” I call her, whispering.

She’s too deep reading, she doesn’t realise I’ve been calling her.

“Hey?” I try again, but this time I managed to get her attention. “I’m Sorami, who are you?”

“...” she stares at me for a moment while pausing, I don’t think she expects someone would talk to her. “Na... Nadeshiko.”

“Ah, so it was Nadeshiko,” I thought, “What are you reading?”

“... just a novel.”

Her voice is so soft and small, since I lower my tone so my voice sounds like I am whispering, but I don’t think she also does that, I think that low, whisper like voice is her usual voice.

“What is it about?”

“It’s about—”

“Attention to all students, the opening ceremony is about to begin, student’s presence is awaited at the gym.”

Suddenly the announcer blares, giving the instructions to attend the opening ceremony.

“Oh, I think it should wait,” I say to her. “Do you want to go there together?”

“...” she pauses. “Sure.”

I think I have fulfilled my quota for today; I’ve met a new friend. Nadeshiko is shorter than me, since the last time I measured my height last month, I’m 145 centimetres tall. And from how I have to look down so I can see her eyes when I walk with her, I estimate that she is at least 15 centimetres shorter than me. Even wearing the smallest uniform shirt available, her shirt cufflink would cover her fists. And her hair, despite both of us styled our hair short, but unlike my girlish short hair style, where I part my hair in the middle and reserve some for my bangs, she part her hair to the left without bangs which is looks boyish.

We don’t talk much for the morning, I had to wait until noon before I can actually talk to her. I feel like I finally free when the lunch break signal finally chimes.

“Nadeshiko-chan, do you—”

Before I can ask her anything, she suddenly bolts out from the class without saying anything.

“Nadeshiko-chan...?”

After how I talked to her smoothly, I thought I had done something bad, so I try to chase her. I hastily walk toward the classroom door and scan the corridors.

“There she is.”

I saw her walking in the right corridor, I wonder where she is going. I need walk quickly if I want to catch her, and after quarter-running through the corridor, I finally almost catch up with her after turning to an empty corridor.

“Nadeshiko-chan, wait—”

Soon as I reach to her shoulder, she flinches and stand petrified. I stop behind her, in case she is about to say something.

“Nadeshiko-chan, are you okay?”

“...” she doesn’t answer.

“Nadeshiko-chan...?” slowly I walk around her, and how surprised I am when I see her face is bright red and she’s visibly sobbing. “Are you okay?!”

“...” she’s still sobbing as she tries to answer my question. “I... I can’t... find the restroom...”

“Eh?” She just can’t ask for directions for the restroom? “I know where it is, shall I take you there?”

“...” she just nods without saying anything.

I return to the corridor before we took a turn and trace the walls to our left. I remember when I took the wrong turn this morning. So it should be straight from here.

When I walk, I feel a tug on my left sleeve. When I look back, I find Nadeshiko’s eyes glistening in tears, I took that as a silent signal to go faster. Understanding that, I hasten my walking pace.

After walking past the stairs, I find the restrooms. And as I enter the restrooms, Nadeshiko immediately rushes in, she races into one of the stalls, but unfortunately...

She must have been desperate, she didn’t even close the stall door. But that is not the worst, the worst is Nadeshiko standing right on the toilet seat with her thin legs spreading a little, holding her skirt up, but failed to remove her panties or to sit down on the seat before relieving herself.

Her pink cotton and frilly panties with tulip embroidery print on it’s front side suddenly become decorated with a wet patch on it’s front side, just below the tulip embroidery. And a water stream drops a torrent from the back part it’s gusset.

This goes for a while, almost a minute, maybe more. Nadeshiko is embarrassed, naturally. Her face is red, almost vermilion, with her eyes watering behind her eyeglasses which are fogging because her raised body temperature due to her humiliation. She is ashamed because she’s unable to let her grip off from her skirt or either closing the stall door or even sitting on the seat.

When the stream finally stopped, I step forward but I don’t know what to do, all I know is that I should help her.

“Na... Nadeshiko-chan...?”

“D... don’t...” she tries to say something, but she’s still sobbing.

Surprisingly, as she sobs, the water flows again. This time for about ten seconds, and the water flows through from the front part of her panties’ gusset. Meanwhile she empties her bladder, I think for what to do next.

“It’s okay, first you have to clean yourself, and take off your underwear,” I say after she finished wetting her panties. She obviously can’t take care of this by herself, and I don’t know why, I just offered to help.

“Eeh, but...”

“Let’s just do it before someone get in.”

She realises that I’m right, she let her hands off from her skirt, letting her skirt drops to it’s default position. She starts to insert her tiny hands to the sides of her skirt and pull her underwear down. And when her panties drops on her knee level, she raise her legs from her panties’ leg-opening, she repeats this twice until she completely took her panties off. Seeing how she took off her panties makes me slightly embarrassed, she could have closed the stall door.

“Does the water run down to your socks?” I ask.

“No... I don’t think so,” she answers, her sobbing is not as intense as before, and I can see that she’s still trying to calm herself down.

“Okay, then,” I confirm while receiving her wet panties, “try clean yourself, I’ll wash this.”

Nadeshiko proceed to close the toilet stall to clean herself, meanwhile I try to wash her pink panties at the restroom sink. I turn the faucet on and I put her panties under the flowing water, this makes me remember what I just saw.

After washing the panties for a few moments, I twist it to squeeze the remaining water from it as dry as I can.

Not long after that, Nadeshiko comes out from the toilet stall. She can’t even look me in the eyes.

“Where is my panties?” she asks timidly.

“Here, but you can’t wear it.”

“W... why?”

“Because when you sit later, the water will soak to your skirt. Just put them into your bag.”

“O... okay.”

I hand her panties back, she puts it to her pocket and both of us return to our classroom.

“You won’t tell anyone, right?” she asks me, again timidly.

“Of course I won’t,” I answer, “don’t worry about it, I used to wet my bed until middle school.”

She smiled a little, finally she can look me in my eyes again. The rest of that day runs our normally. But I guess today marks a close bonding between me and Nadeshiko.

}}

Sgk

