Lady Tsunade

Author: Pain

*000*2015-10-10 12:06

I Haven't Peed Yet Today

Tsunade barged into her office room, still a bit disoriented owing to her early morning sleepiness. With her joints pained and mood disgruntled, she took her seat behind the desk.

Sitting with her head held in hands, Tsunade heard the creaking sound as someone opened the door.

“Your coffee, m’lady”, Shizune said, as she placed the cup in her hand on the Hokage’s table.

“Bring the reports that require attestation,” Tsunade ordered, barely lifting her face.

“At once, m’lady,” Shizune nodded, before she turned around and walked out.

The fresh rays of morning sun, filtering in through the windows was making Tsunade’s headache worse. She slowly went for the cup of coffee on her table and took a sip. There was not a part of her body that wasn’t pulsating in pain.

Last night was as typical as any. Tsunade and Shizune had been to a local bar where they both got drunk, quite heavily to be precise. The two of them then went on to roam around the village streets late past mid-night, with Shizune wetting everywhere she thought no one could see her. As far as Shizune could recollect the entire episode through the clouds of her deeply intoxicated mind, she had to empty her bladder around five to six times before they got back home after their small excursion. The last thing she could recall from the previous night was stumbling towards her room and falling onto her bed.

Tsunade’s coffee cup had ran empty before Shizune returned with a heap of papers in her hands, “Here it is, m’ lady, the documents you asked for,” she breathed heavily as she transferred the heavy weight onto the table.

“Thank you. You may leave now,” Tsunade said in a slightly sore voice.

“You look unwell, m’lady,” Shizune said in concern.

“Yeah..., effects from last night’s outing haven’t worn off yet, too much sake always takes a toll on me. Every fiber of my body hurts, mostly my back,” Tsunade said, touching her spine where it ached.

“Do you want me to get you some pain-killers, m’lady?”

“No, I’ll be fine…” The Sanin stated, holding her forehead for a second.

“Okay,” Shizune replied before she left the room.

As she saw her apprentice walk out, Tsunade crossed her legs under the desk. Her thigh felt heavy over the other and her lower back hurt. She squirmed a bit to find a more comfortable position and began working.

A while passed and Tsunade stopped writing when there was a sudden knock on the door, “May I come in, m’ lady?”

Tsunade could tell it was Sakura, she could recognize the Chunin’s voice anywhere.

“Come in.”

“Morning, m’lady,” Sakura smiled as she stepped in and closed the door behind her.

“I am glad that you decided to lend a hand with all of this office work, Shizune too could really use some help with those heaps of paper she has to get in here,” Tsunade said.

“Anytime, m’lady…” responded Sakura.

“Good, now I’d like you to go through all these papers and pick out the ones that need my seal on them, do you think you can do it?” Tsunade questioned the young girl.

“Sure, it will be done before you know it!” Sakura beamed.

As Sakura was sorting out all the crucial documents from the piles of paper stacked on the Hokage’s desk, she saw Lady Tsunade squirming uncomfortably on her seat. At first, she ignored it, thinking of it as none of her business but then, when Lady Tsunade’s wriggling became more frequent, Sakura found impossible to overlook it.

“Lady Tsunade? Are you alright?” she asked.

“Yes, I just have to go to the bathroom” Tsunade spoke, “I haven’t peed yet today.”

“Oh..” Sakura found herself blushing in embarrassment. She saw Lady Tsunade as a strong headed woman who held herself to a particularly high standard. She could have never expected the Sanin to be so open about her bodily needs. It was so unladylike. Anyway, Sakura let it slide to the back of her mind and continued working.

Half an hour passed and Sakura could see Lady Tsunade fidgeting more than ever. She wondered why the Hokage wouldn’t just go the bathroom if she needed it this bad?

“Err… m’ lady, I am sorry to meddle in your personal matter but…” Sakura stopped, unsure if she should say it or not.

“Go on?” Tsunade said.

“…why won’t you just go to the toilet if you need to? You look really uncomfortable,” Sakura spoke.

“Yes, I do need to go but I absolutely hate to interrupt my work for petty things like bathroom breaks. And I think I can hold it off a little while longer, so it’s nothing to get concerned about” Tsunade smiled with reassurance.

Although Tsunade was trying to be her usual confident self, she was a little embarrassed to know that she had reached the point where she couldn’t hide her desperation from Sakura any longer. But it didn’t matter, she would go relieve herself the first thing when she was done with all these ninja registrations.

Last night had been a slight breeze of amusement for Tsunade as well. She remembered how she and Shizune drank like there was no tomorrow. Eight bottles of rice beer had gone straight down Tsunade’s gullet like water flowing through a river. She remembered how Shizune had started complaining about needing to take a piss as soon as they left the bar. She was not even half as drunk as Tsunade was, yet she said she absolutely had to pee. Tsunade hated it when Shizune showed such signs of weakness. According to her, a lady must know how to hold her drinks and Shizune was certainly not a lady in her opinion, at least not a classy one.

Sickened by Shizune’s banter about how badly she needed to pee, Tsunade had suggested her several spots where she could relieve herself. Shizune had used these suggestions to their fullest potential and emptied her bladder whenever she felt the need. After they had roamed around the village streets till they couldn’t walk any longer, they headed back to the Hokage’s mansion.

Tsunade remembered feeling nauseous when she stepped inside the front door of her home. She hadn’t even cared about changing into her night clothes before she stumbled onto her bed and fell asleep.

Night went and morning came, and Tsunade woke up, brushed her teeth, set her hair and left for work.

In the office, as minutes crawled by, Sakura noticed that Tsunade was getting more and more fidgety. She could see that the Sanin couldn’t sit still even for a moment. Sakura now knew that Tsunade must be really desperate to be acting like this.

“Okay, I really have to go to the bathroom now,” Tsunade said, as she stood up from her seat and held her abdomen, where a distinct bladder bulge could be seen peeking out over the waistline of her pants.

But just when she took her first step towards the door, Shizune charged in, “M’lady! They need your help at the hospital. One of our shinobi was found in the woods close to the village, unconscious and grievously poisoned. The doctors have tried everything but nothing seems to work, you are the only one who can save him now..”

Tsunade sighed. She had to pee but attending to the needy was more important. She took a deep breath and said, “Let’s go!” She braced herself to have to hold her pee for a long time and quickly walked out of the room. “What of his remaining squad members? Any information about them?”

“No, they are still missing, m’lady,” Shizune reported.

“Then we must make sure he survives. He knows things that we don’t” Tsunade said.

“Like what?” Sakura asked.

“Like who did this to him and where are his squad members” Shizune said.

“Oh, yeah,” Sakura breathed.

As they walked towards the hospital with quick steps, Tsunade felt waves of urine crashing against the walls of her badly distended bladder. It would have been nice if she got a chance to relieve herself before she saw the patient but she knew there was no time to waste. Even a second’s delay could cost the shinobi’s life.

Tsunade saw a group of medical-nin surrounding the patient when she entered the operation theatre.

“What’s the condition?” she asked as she looked at the shinobi’s body, which had turned into a darker shade of blue in color.

“His red blood cells are getting destroyed by the poison, m’lady, which is a sign of hemotoxin in the blood stream” a senior medical-nin reported, “But strangely, he is suffering from severe necrosis in his leg as well, which is causing premature death of cells in that region. The whole lower leg has turned black, the poison is spreading up. Looking at the rest of his body, he’s showing signs of muscle wastage from the poison. It's likely he will die.”

“No, I won’t let him die. I will take it from here on,” Tsunade said, checking the shinobi’s pulse rate, “Sakura, bring me a bowl of hot water and a sanitized clothe. Shizune, get me a scalpel and surgical retractors. Everyone else can leave.”

Both the women quickly ran to get the required things while Tsunade prepared for the surgery.

As she began the operation, Tsunade felt a strong spasm from her bladder. She was getting desperate to use the toilets but she knew now was not the time. She needed to concentrate on the surgery or else the thin thread that was holding the shinobi’s life, would be broken.

A few hours into the operation left Tsunade’s bladder bursting at the seams. She rubbed her thighs together as she treated the shinobi’s leg, “I’m dying to pee…” she breathed quite heavily.

“Do you need to take a break?” Shizune asked.

“No, it is more important to finish the operation first, I can’t just put a hold on my duties as a medic, when someone’s life is in danger.”

From where she was standing, Sakura could see Tsunade’s outrageously expanded bladder. Her bulge looked like a watermelon, jutting out of her gut. Sakura didn’t know how Tsunade was even able to stand when she needed to pee so badly?

As the surgery continued, Tsunade kept on crossing her legs and squeezing her crotch from time to time. She was going out of her mind, needing to take a massive piss but she couldn’t just abandon the surgery in between. The only way she had, was to hold it till the end.

But as time passed, the pressure in her bladder increased to an awful extent, leaving her unsure if she would be able to hold it much longer. Her hands shivered as she operated the unconscious man, hoping all her efforts would bear the fruit of success.

By the next twenty minutes, she had reached to the point where she couldn’t keep her legs still even for a second. She was hopping foot to foot and drawing in air through her pursed lips. Her actions made it obvious to Shizune and Sakura just how desperate she was.

Wow! She really needs to pee!, Sakura thought as she saw Tsunade again hold herself between the legs. She had never seen Tsunade like this before. She could imagine the kind of stress and tension the Sanin must have been going through at the moment.

The pressure to save the shinobi’s life was already beginning to effect Tsunade but even greater was the pressure in her bladder. She had never felt her bladder so stretched or full ever before. It was swollen rock hard by this point, full with an awful amount of urine.

“My bladder is about explode,” Tsunade moaned, as she crossed her legs tightly together and tried her best to concentrate on the operation.

“M’lady, I’d suggest you take a break and go relieve yourself. It will help you think more clearly and concentrate better on the surgery” Sakura said.

“You’re right, I just can’t think of anything else..” Tsunade said as she dropped the scalpel in her hand on the operating table and quickly walked out of the room.

“Heh..” Shizune smiled at Sakura as they saw Tsunade rush for the toilets, “She was really bursting” she giggled.

“Yeah, she said she had been holding it since last night” Sakura replied.

After a few minutes, Lady Tsunade came back, still looking rather panicked. One look at her, the way she was walking, the expression on her face, told Sakura and Shizune that she hadn’t been to the toilet.

“Are you alright, m’lady? What happened?” Shizune asked.

“I couldn’t go, the toilets are closed for maintenance,” Tsunade said thoughtlessly in a panic stricken state, as she went straight back to the operating table. Her bladder had begun to anticipate the pee, but she couldn’t relieve herself after all. She was so close to losing control that she was shivering with the effort it was taking to hold on.

Sakura and Shizune couldn’t believe the kind of dedication and effort Lady Tsunade was showing to save the shinobi’s life. She was ready to hold her pee to the very last minute if it meant she could make this surgery a success. No other medical-nin they knew, had the devotion or the spirit to do that.

Tsunade’s hands trembled as she picked the scalpel back up, as a look of worry covered her face.

“Let’s hurry this up, I can’t hold it much longer…” she exclaimed, panic and desperation clearly spilling from her voice.

Shizune and Sakura nodded in unison to this, ready to help in any way they could.

Somehow half an hour passed and Tsunade was still holding on, but she definitely wanted to go more. Not only was her bladder hurting more, in fact it was in agony, but the need to pee was even more urgent, taking more effort to hold back. She glanced down at her bladder area and saw how swollen it was. Her abdomen was absolutely rock hard, so hard she could hardly believe it.

She was squeezing herself between the legs whenever she could, feeling that every second she could help her struggling sphincter was a second longer she could wait. She even kept pulling the waistband of her pants away from her agonized bladder, hoping it would take some pressure off.

There was a point where Tsunade stopped what she was doing, closed her eyes and tried to concentrate on the surgery other than her desperation, trying to convince herself that it would not get any worse and she could manage to hold it till the end of the operation.

But her reverie was interrupted when a quick shot of pee escaped into her panties. Oh god, she was beginning to go in her pants!

“Dammit, I am starting to go!,” Tsunade wailed as she continued the surgery with her trembling hands, while she pressed her thighs together as tightly as she could.

Sakura and Shizune could do nothing to help Tsunade now. All they could do, was help her get done with the operation as soon as she could.

Another small spurt leaked out of Tsunade's tormented sphincters and soaked further into her already damp underwear.

She focused the entire reservoir of strength left in her body, on her pee hole and forced it tight shut. She could not let any more pee come out until she was on the toilet.

For a moment she crossed her legs tightly as she held the side of the operating table for support, at the same time sticking her bottom out to help take some of the unbearable pressure off her bursting bladder.

It didn’t help much though. The pressure was enormous, no wonder it hurt so much, she wanted to pee so urgently. She didn’t know how much longer could she possibly last. Would she simply give way and start wetting herself, or could she keep her sphincter shut until something awful happened, like her bladder exploded?

Tsunade frantically stitched the operated area of the shinobi’s leg back as more pee squirted out of her exhausted body. There was a wet patch on the crotch of her pants now, and it was continuously growing with each dribble of pee that escaped her.

Sakura and Shizune couldn’t believe what they were seeing. Lady Tsunade was beginning to wet herself right in front of their eyes.

Tsunade hurried through the last leg of the surgery, desperate to find a bathroom before the rest of her pee came out on its own. When it was finally over, she handed over the command to Shizune and walked out of the operation theatre, grabbing her crotch as tightly as she could. It had taken ten long hours to make the surgery a success and now, all Tsunade wanted, was to get inside a bathroom and take a long, relieving piss.

With small but hurried baby steps, Tsunade walked out of the hospital building, with a wet patch the size of an adult’s palm on the crotch of her pants, with Sakura right behind her.

As Tsunade hastily walked through the empty streets, towards the Hokage’s mansion, more and more squirts of pee shot out of her.

“I don’t think, I can hold it any longer…” she breathed heavily.

“Then just pee…!” Sakura said, “Stop torturing your body, you’re already starting to wet yourself, just go behind the bushes if you need it so badly…!”

“I can’t, what if someone sees me,” Tsunade moaned, grabbing her crotch tighter and walking as fast as her distended bladder could allow.

“Nobody will see, I’ll stand guard,” Sakura said.

That was all the assurance Tsunade needed. “Alright…” she breathed as she quickly hobbled towards the woods on the roadside and walked a few meters in, hoping to get as much privacy as she could while Sakura followed her.

When she reached a secluded spot, in one lightening movement, Tsunade dragged her pants and panties down to her knees and began squatting down to pee. Sakura had a perfect view, standing on one side. Tsunade could not wait until she was squatting, but the instant her panties were down and her legs just starting to bend, her pee came blasting out. Sakura had never seen anyone pee like it before, a jet of pee that seemed at least half an inch across, with such force that she expected to see it make a hole in the path.

Tsunade’s stream looked like a bath tab turned full on and the pressure with which it was pouring out was even more incredible. Sakura just couldn’t imagine how Lady Tsunade had been containing all that pressure inside her for so long.

“At last! Oh the relief,” Tsunade muttered under her breath with her eyes closed. With her knees supporting her stretched out hands, Tsunade just sat there, peeing endlessly.

Sakura couldn’t believe the sheer volume of urine that was pouring out of Lady Tsunade. It was just mind-boggling!

“Looks like you really had to go ha?” Sakura said, looking at the torrent of pee, shooting across a meter from Tsunade’s crotch.

“Yes, I was dying,” Tsunade sighed, happiness and relief beaming from her face.

Sakura looked at Tsunade’s bare bottom as the elder kunoichi continued to empty her bladder on the floor of the woods.

It took a few minutes before the torrent suddenly died away, then after a couple more short blasts, Tsunade was finished.

The Sanin stood up slowly, pulled up her pants, and put both hands across her bladder to demonstrate how much it was still hurting her.

“I have never, ever, wanted to pee so badly in all my life. I don’t know how I managed to hold out so long, I thought I was going to die in that operation theatre, I was so desperate I could hardly move my legs. If I had been there another five minutes, I would have lost control, I was just about at my limit” she said, enjoying the feeling of her now deflated bladder.

Sakura looked at the huge puddle Tsunade’s pee had produced. The total volume of the foamy puddle of urine on the ground was simply amazing. Sakura couldn’t believe Tsunade could hold this much. If only she could have measured the volume, the Sanin would surely have broken all the records for human bladder capacity.

“You cannot tell anybody about this” Tsunade said as they began to walk back towards the street, “And if you do, I’ll make sure you’re demoted back to a Genin.”

“I won’t tell anyone, I swear,” Sakura replied, as she followed the Hokage out of the woods.

*002*2015-10-11 17:15

Thank you so much, Minervafan110! :)

