Teen Girl short pee desperation story

Author: cudi

*000*2019-02-18 18:48

Hello Everyone, this is my first short story on this forum. I read many stories here and on my "country internet". This is a real pee desperation short story I found on one forum with real life experiences, modified by me . Heroine is a 16-18 years old girl from eastern europe. If You will approve it, I will post here more stories based of real ones (found or heard by me, or my personal experiences).

I can not pee "outside". Restrooms that are acceptable, except "home" ones, are for me in galleries, at gas stations (of course, after proper lining with toilet paper). Buses, trains - no way. I'll rather block myself for 12 hours and the end. Outside? There is no option. I can not. I'm scared that I'll pee all over my butt and my shoes. It happened, when I tried last time, few years ago. I have not tried it for years. By the time.

The situation took place a one year ago. I met a male friend from primary school, drank a few beers, time to go home. I had to travel from Capital city to my Home town. Night almost dark, train was almost empty. Home so close and far at the same time. I am halfway, and I already feel that the fluid I have consumed wants to leave my body. I think: a few more stops, but I can do it. I can hold it. In the meantime, I called my brother and I asked him to come to the station for me. He was chilling with friend and did not want to at the beginning, but I begged him and he agreed to come picked me up from train platform.

My need to empty overflowing bladder increased in every minute. Lock for a few minutes and I may get stuck, but I will not get home, no whip. I'm not going to pee outside, I can not.

In the open field train suddenly stops. A conductress lady goes through the whole vehicle and says that we are in ... in the middle of nowhere and because of some failure we will have a small delay and we have to stand here for a while. Of course, not their fault, they apologize. OKAY...

A few minutes passed, I started to get nervous, I got up (after all, you have more space standing up, no pressure and there is no such pressure on the bladder - do not ask about logic.) I never had it after alcohol).

I walked around the vehicle in search of the toilet - of course only one was broken (*it was short train, designed for short distances- it had only 3 carriages) .

Next minutes. I think: I can not do it. I begin to slowly look around for a place without people. It's hard. I peep up somewhere in the corner. Shame as hell, but there is no way out. Certainly I will not wet myself (last time I did it as 9 yo, I was to busy to pee in school and I emptied my bladder in front of my bathroom doors after very long struggle). In the worst case, I will wee in bush during this unplanned stop.

Salvation comes in the form of train movement - we are well on our way to reaching home. I clenched my legs, I braced myself - now I have a chance to hold it.

The brother gives a sign that he is already waiting. With his colleague (and my crush at this time). I felt relief and stress at the same time. I can not admit tchem that I need a piss so bad. It is embarassing!

I arrive sore in place. I run out of the train. I run through a long staircase.

FUCK!

I can not make it. I felt first short spurt escaped and landed in my panties. I said to my brother and his friend:

- Hi, I have to go, give me a moment.. I didn't even wait for they response.

I saw a tree. Big. Spreading. Dark. No people. Perfect. I reach the tree, I tried to undo my back zipper (after alcohoI do not recommend trousers with a zip at the back - a terrible thing), but no success. I tried to move it back and forward, but still no success. I felt second spurt escaped… it was bigger than first one. I felt wetness. Third attempt. I moved it back and forward and....

It worked! I squat and piss .... My Gosh, what a relief. I peed for about a minute before the stream Begin to weak. When I peed the last drops, I found out that I don't have a tissues.. But I decided to avoid more embarassment and shaked my butt and check the damage. It was not as bad as I thougt: panties were wet on the front and little on the back, but on my jeans nothing was visible. Maybe small patch, but jeans were dark blue. I put on all my clothes, and said "Sorry" to my brother and his friend and we got in the car. I thought my brother will laugh of me about it, but he did not say anything about my "race to the bushes".

*012*2019-03-09 19:52

@pguy69 and Eli, thank You for Your support:) ! I really appreciate it:)

To all critics, thank You for your comments. I will do my best to avoid simple language mistakes next time (I am not native speaker as You probably know ) and I will altry to improve my writing skills:) Thanksf for feedback:)!

I will write and upload my next story soon (based on real experience and more "rare" :) )

