Tales Omorashi-Redux!

Author: Eeveeluver00

*000*2012-04-10 01:41

Okay, just to catch you up, the first try failed horribly. Let's try again, shall we?

CHAPTER ONE

Anise and Tokunaga, Friends or Foe?

Trecking through Tartaroo Valley was the most unusual of friends, a small group brought together by fate.

Up front Luke and Guy walked side by side, saying nothing but enjoying the moments of friendship never truly felt in all seven years.

Taking up the rear were Tear and Natalia, chatting and giggling softly.

Between them was Anise who, much to Guy's relief, was fast asleep on her doll Tokunaga's back, snoring quietly. Next to her was Captian Jade Curtiss, the oldest of the group, somewhere in his late thirties. He simply hummed to himself, breaking the odd silence that hung like a shroud over the six companions, seven if you counted Mieu, the little blue Cheagle who had been banished from his home and was now serving his Master Luke. One could hardly count Tokunaga as living, though if Anise had been awake she'd have insisted it was just as alive as all of them.

Anise rolled over in her sleep, and if not for Tokunaga reaching up to steady her, she would have rolled right off of it.

Besides the occasional russle of leaves ahead, nothing desturbed the travelers and they continued on for several miles until the silence was finally broken, as though the group had been brought back suddenly from a dark abyss of death.

Anise stretched and yawned, her head wrapped tightly in bandages that Natalia had applied the day before when Anise fell from Tokunaga's hard durring a battle with a Liger.

She had been casting and said she never saw the second Liger sneak up.

"Guuuuy! Luuuke! When can we stop?"

Guy laughed.

"Anise, you've been asleep this whole time. If anything, Tokunaga should be tiered!"

Anise glared at him.

"Haha, very funny. I'm thirsty, and it's too hoooooot!"

Tear sighed from the back of the group.

"Maybe she's right. We're all tired anyway. Besides, it has been around six hours since we last stopped."

Guy shook his head, still not convinced.

"The more we walk, the closer we are to a town or something."

"BOOOOOOO!" Anise shouted, standing up and stepping towards Guy, who recoiled several feet.

"Gya…" he gulped.

"F-fine. We'll stop for the night. It's late anyway."

Luke led the group to a small cave behind a thick lichen curtain.

The cave was really a hollowed out tree, and moss hung in clumps on the walls.

Anise looked around.

"Wow, it's like a secret cave to our selves!"

"Uh, right…" replied Guy.

Tear and Mieu went out to gather food and water from farther north up the side of the hills while Guy and Luke went farther south to the river to bathe.

That left Anise, Jade, and Natalia in the cave to entertain themselves.

Of course this was a rather easy task for Jade, and Natalia stood buisily at giant Tokunaga's side, trying to figure out how one would heal a doll, using Heal and stitching up small holes.

Anise sighed and threw a rock at the wall, shrinking Tokunaga to its normal size once Natalia finished with it.

Luke and Guy were the first ones back, their hair soaked and heavy with water, eyes dancing as they laughed and talked, only quieting when Anise glared at Guy.

Tear and Mieu returned about half an hour later.

Tear had a large grass basket filled with water and Mieu had a smaller one filled with apples.

Mieu carried the apples over to Luke.

"Master, I found food!" he mewed cheerfully.

Luke and Guy each grabbbed apples, Natalia and Tear started talking again, and Jade fiddled with a pink sheet of paper, eventually producing a small paper kitten.

That left nothing between Anise and her water, and she drank eagerly.

After emptying 3/4 of the basket (No one seemed to care) she lay down with little Tokunaga in one hand and fell into a disturbed, restless sleep.

Anise awoke from an awkward dream about giant monster donuts a few hours later.

Natalia was asleep, her blond hair frizzed and messy.

Guy was leaning against the cave wall, likely asleep as well.

Other than Anise the only one awake was Jade, and he was flipping quietly through the pages of a book, so he may as well have been unconscious.

Luke and Tear must have gone for a walk because they weren't there, and neither was Mieu, who was likely out with 'Master' Luke.

Anise sat bolt upright as she realized that the water she drank was starting to get to her.

She stood up and crept outside where Tear and Luke sat side by side on the river bank with their shoes off and their feet in the water. Tear looked up when Anise walked out.

"Oh, Anise!" she said, slipping her feet back into her tall brown boots.

Luke quickly slipped on his red sneakers.

Anise yawned. She wanted to go back to bed, but first things first.

Mieu returned with an apple in his mouth and dropped it into a basket where Luke and Tear had been sitting a moment ago.

The basket was full of fruits and berries that Mieu had roasted himself.

"Yeah, hey Anise." said Luke.

"Shouldn't you be in bed?"

Anise frowned.

"Yeah, well, but I can't sleep now I-"

Tear shook her head.

"Go back to bed Anise."

"But-" Anise froze as Tear sung a hauntingly familiar melody.

"Tue rei ze croa riou tue ze…"

Anise sighed and fell asleep.

Sunlight pooled into the cave and Anise's knew Tear must have carried her back.

Right, she needed to pee-

No she didn't.

Anise's blood turned to ice as she slipped a hand down to her crotch, which, sure enough, was warm and sticky.

She stepped outside and quickly enlarged Tokunaga.

The doll looked happily at its Master, her brown hair, flat chest, cute purple and white top-

Tokunaga paused when it saw her waist and butt, clearly soaked.

Anise glared at it.

"Leave me alone!" she said to it.

"It's not my fault!"

She glanced around.

"Listen, just cover for me while I, uh, clean up."

Tokunaga nodded solemnly.

Anise stripped down and allowed herself tho sink to the bottom of the river for a moment. She swam around until she had to go up for air, almost screaming when she surfaced to see Tokunaga standing there.

The water began to change color and Anise froze.

"T-Tokunaga, hold my cloths; I still need to pee."

She jumped out, planning on finding a bush when she heard Luke, Tear, and Guy's voices.

"Anise!"

"She has to be somewhere over here."

"Anise, we're leaving!"

Anise quickly pulled her cloths on (Tokunaga cleaned them for her, FYI) and jumped on Tokunaga's back.

"Right here!" she called, riding over, bladder still full.

Anise rode Tokunaga behind the others, clutching tightly to her crotch.

She swore under her breath as some urine leaked out.

She glanced around nervously for about an hour until she could wait any longer.

She moaned as a dark wet patch spread over her large doll's back.

The doll stared at its Master Anise, eyes full of tears and pink pants sticky and transparent.

Anise glared at it.

"Not funny."

But it was sympathy, not amusement, in Tokunaga's eyes.

*001*2012-05-07 21:47

Okay, so this is how this is gonna work from now on. I'm gonna do the main characters, then the villains. Here's the villains from Tales of the Abyss.

CHAPTER TWO

Arietta v.s Sync: The Wild Tempest!

Luke's Journal Entry:

Today we had a rather…odd encounter with the six god-generals. Well, Sync the Tempest and Arietta the Wild, anyway. Lets just say Guy's leg is broken, Anise is still unconscious, and I'm sitting here cleaning the Cheagle urine of my shoes! Sound like an epic falliar?

###

"Stone Dragon Assent!"

Sync spiraled upwards and struck the tree with enough force to knock every last apple off the branches, sending a shower of bright red fruit down on the girl below.

"Sync!" the girl shouted, quickly summoning a powerful blast of fonons.

"O Twisted Doors, Open Wide… Negative Gate!"

The dark light enveloped the apples, burning them to a crisp.

Sync snorted.

"Nice going. You just burnt our lunch."

Arietta stuck her tongue out at him.

"This is stupid. Wy can't we just go home?"

"Home!?" Sync laughed.

"There is no 'home!' We don't have a 'home!'"

Arietta pouted.

True, she was an orphan and Sync was a reject, but Van needed them at HQ. That was almost home.

Sync sighed.

Neither of them really wanted to be trekking through the woods looking for Luke's group.

But they really didn't have a choice.

"We'll set up camp here. There's a stream farther down the hill. I'll go get some water. You're good with edible plants, right?"

Arietta nodded.

"Good. Go het us some food."

Sync headed for the stream to get a much needed drink. Killing a giant turtle monster with a single Stone Dragon Assent, he filled its rock shell with water to bring back.

When he returned to the now bare apple tree, Arietta was sitting there by a small mountain of fruit, berries, nuts, roots, leaves, seeds, and stems.

Sync passed her the shell of water, and the two tucked in to their measly meal before falling into an uneasy sleep.

###

Sync woke in the middle of the night, sweaty and sore.

He felt a slight tug at his bladder, but that's not what woke him up. There were voices whispering off in the forest, and not the voices Sync had hoped to hear at this hour.

"Luke, it's no use. They're not here, so just give it up."

"No. I'm sure of it. I definitely saw them."

Luke's group was looking for them!?

"Luke, Guy's right. There's no way."

Guy's laugh could be heard from where Sync and Arietta hid inside a hollow tree trunk.

"Wow Tear. For once I actually agree with you!"

"Oh, really? Wow… then-"

"Gyaaa! G-get away!"

A third person joined the conversation.

"Now Guy, we know you're having fun, but we really must be going."

"Aww, Colonel!" a little girl piped up.

"You're no fun. Boooooooo!"

Sync threw his mask on his face and placed a hand on Arietta's shoulder.

"Wake up. The enemy's here!" Sync hissed.

Arietta sat up quickly.

"What!?"

I placed my hand over her mouth.

"Hmph! Mmh!"

"Who's there!?" the one named Guy calls out.

Sync glared at Arietta, though she'd never know what Sync's eyes looked like under the golden bird mask he wore.

"You blew our cover. We need to fight them. Ready?"

Arietta nods.

"Go!" Sync whispers.

"Turbulence!" he shouts, sending a blast of wind at Luke's group. While they're distracted, he grabs three knives from under the orange bandanas on his arms and throws them at the blond one, Guy.

Guy falls back but recovers in mid-air, drawing his sword and running at Sync.

"Sword Rain Alpha!"

Sync jumps in the air to dodge Guy's sword, but Guy did a backward summersault and lashed out at Sync, leaving a long slash mark on Sync's arm where Guy's sword shredder the fabric of his black coat.

Arietta, who was hidding in the trees, thrust her doll at Sync.

"Sharpness!" she cried.

Sync bawled his fists as Arietta's spell strengthens him.

"Ground Dasher!" Sync yells, but a man in a blue military uniform does the same.

The rocks from both sides collide, and Guy collapsed, the cuff of his black jeans cought on one of the many jagged stones.

Sync avoids the worst of it, Dodging with another Stone Dragon Assent, then delivering another blow with his Hallowing Gale Mystic Arte.

Meanwhile, Arietta hid in the shadows, casting.

Her consentraition snapped before she could use Limited on the hate Anise, however.

She placed a hand on her lower abdomen.

"N-no way. Not now, p-please no…" she moaned as if she were about to be thrown off the edge of a cliff into a sea of sharks.

Sync glanced back and saw the girl fall to her knees.

"Arietta!"

He turned to his opponents.

"I don't have time for you. Akashic Torment!"

He watched as the group slumped down, defeated. They all lay on the mossy floor, unconscious.

"Arietta! What's wrong?" he asked, kneeling down next to his distressed companion.

"N-nothing…?" she moaned weakly, feeling her bladder tug.

Sync glanced at her tightly squeezed legs and her hands, which were nearviously balling up the legs of her black pants.

Sync shrugged.

"Whatever. They're starting to come to. Can you fight?"

Arietta nodded and stood, helping as her bladder spasmed a protest.

Sync eyed her one last time.

"Turbulance!" he shouted, whipping more wind at the half-awake foes.

Everyone, jumped to their feet, accept Guy, who was on the ground defeated, and Anise, who climbed back on her Tokunaga doll.

Too bad for Mieu the Cheagle, the wind knocked him back onto Luke's red sneakers, and the tiny creature wet itself in fear.

"D-damn it, thing! You peed on my shoes!" Luke roared with fury.

"Luke, don't hurt him!" begged Tear.

"Feal the hammer of light-"

Poor Arietta.

The sight of the Cheagle peeing was too much. She fell to the ground and gripped at the crotch of her pants.

Sync felt his own bladder jolt as he quickly realized the girl's situation, but he knew he was in much less danger than her.

Arietta rocked back and fourth, moaning like a nearly dead yak.

She tightened her grip as she felt her control slowly weakening, and whimpered as she released a small amount of liquid into her black pants.

Sync shot a concerned glance at Arietta, but he had averted his gaze a moment too long.

"Impailing Heven!"

Sync cried out in pain as Jade's spear collided with his stomache.

"A-Akashic Tor-m-ment!" he managed as he was knocked back.

The bright light blinded the group as Sync hit the ground, and just like that he lay there.

"A-Arietta…" he panted, tired out from using the powerful move not just once but twice.

"F-finish them. I gave you a good start, kill 'em!"

Arietta whimpered.

"I-I can't!"

Sync glared at her, though it was pointless with the mask on.

"What do you mean, damn it!?"

"C-can't, hold, iiiiit…"

She gasped as a rock whizzed past her ear and her bladder gave in.

Within a minute her pants and skirt were soaked, and so were the black gloves she wore, which she removed and threw on the ground.

She stood slowly, reavealing the wet splotch on the crotch of her pants and the edge of her black ruffled skirt.

Anise, who obviously threw the rock, laughed and pointed.

"Gloomietta peed her pants!" she teased.

"Why you! Anise!" Arietta cried, tears of shame and fury creeping into her sad round eyes.

"Toll the beginning of time… Fall! BIG BANG!"

The black starry light burst into the forest clearing, and when it cleared, the group was gone.

Sync stood slowly.

"Great job, Arietta."

But the pink haired girl wasn't listening.

"Damn you, Anise."

*002*2012-05-10 19:56

Sorry for the errors:

I-Jade is a colonel, not captain

2-Sync placed a hand over her mouth. Sorry I'm so used to writing in first person.

3-it says helping where it should say yelping.

4-it should say "where Guy's sword shredded the fabric," but it says where it shredder the fabric.

