Layla is trapped

Author: Ashlovesomo

*000*2023-08-17 14:30

Here's a lil story about a girl and her boyfriend doing some bondage in the bedroom! I'm hearing some ideas from a few people and I'll be planning them, so I'm really sorry about the scarce content.

Smut warning! Skip this story if it's not your thing!

Layla and her boyfriend, Marco, were always kinky. Like, 50 shades of grey type kinky. Layla loved being tied up as Marco plowed into her, her eyes covered by a different bandana each day. But one day, a full bladder decided to ruin their beautiful, intimate moment.

"Sit. I'm gonna tie you to the desk chair and eat you out. Want that?" Marco growled, looking Layla's exposed body up and down. Her B cup breasts sitting comfortably, her puffy pussy pressed in between her thick thighs.

"Yes, sir." Layla smirked, before plopping herself down on the chair behind her, resting her arms on the chair arms. Marco licked his lips, his eyes darting up and down her body as he tied one wrist then the next. Suddenly, Layla felt a twinge in her bladder, making her legs slightly fan in and out, although because she didn't want to ruin the fun, she ignored it. Before long, her wrists were strapped down and Marco's head was in between her legs. His tongue slid up and down her flaps from her clit down to her vagina, a circular motion around it. Shivers flew up Layla's spine as pleasure overrun her body, although distractions ruined the fun this time around.

Piss sloshed in her bladder, pressing against her urethra, making Layla's ass bounce in the seat, her legs pressing against Marco's head as her vaginal muscles squeezed back her release. With no hesitation, Marco slid two fingers into her vagina and curled them upwards, stroking her G-spot gently. Layla let out a scream of pleasure and surprise, but all she could focus on was the piss about to squirt out of her.

"Suck my dick." Marco commanded, his cock sprung out infront of Layla's face. Her lips rested on the tip, sliding his member slowly into her mouth. Before long, Marco was face fucking Layla, groaning in pleasure. Layla, on the other hand, was a mess. Her ass wriggled in the seat, her legs crossed over each other with her thighs squeezing her pussy tightly. A desperate moan left her mouth as her boyfriend's dick pumped in and out of her mouth, slowly lifting herself out of the seat with her feet pushing against the floor, her pussy quivering and begging for release.

Sooner or later, Layla found herself lying on their bed with her legs in the air, spread apart, her pussy ready for Marco to pound it yet again. As he searched for a condom, Layla held her quivering pussy in her hands, whimpering quietly as a few drops of piss escaped and rolled through her fingers. She held on even tighter, her legs pressing together for an extra hold.

"Spread your legs." Marco growled, yet again, as he rolled the condom on his average sized cock, positioning it infront of Layla's cunt. With no warning, he thrusted into her with speed and roughness, making Layla scream aloud and let out a singular squirt of piss from surprise. Her hands flew down to her vagina, her fingers pressed against her clit as she begged her bladder to not release its contents all over her beautiful boyfriend. As Marco thrusted into Layla, she moaned in pleasure and relaxed her vaginal muscles. Big mistake. Her piss hole let out another jet of piss, this time for 2 seconds. Layla squealed quietly, looking up at Marco with a desperate and needy face. He could only thrust faster as he felt some wetness on his cock, unaware of what it was.

"Flip over. Get on all fours." Marco demanded, staring Layla up and down as she did as she was told. As Marco lined his cock up again, Layla's bladder let loose once again, making her hands fly down to her vagina. She crumbled under herself, her hands pressing against her vagina as she let out a wobbly moan. Marco stood up, backing away from his trembling mess of a girlfriend.

"Layla, do you need to..."

"O-Oh...I gotta pee I gotta pee I gotta pee!" Layla gasped as pee continued to fall out of her, slowly dripping down her legs. She ran out of the room into their en suite with her hands tightly gripping her quivering pussy. Layla's piss squirted out of her with such speed, she didn't even have time to sit on the toilet. Her hands moved out of the way whilst pee squirted out of her, holding her vagina up in a V shape as she directed her stream into their walk in shower. Layla moaned out loud, her body still trembling from the pain of her bladder.

"Oohh thank FUCK!" Layla giggled, her head swinging around to find Marco pumping his cock in his hand as he watched the piss squirting out of his girlfriend.

Oh he fucked her rough after that.

