Accident (a7x fanfiction)

Author: katouxxoo

*000*2014-08-16 13:56

Title: Accident

Characters: Brian and Jimmy from Avenged Sevenfold

Note: Hey everyone! This is the first time I ever post one of my own fanfiction :) I also have to warn you that english is NOT my first language so I think that the story is not going to have many replies. Anyways, I hope you will enjoy this (even if it contains a lot of wrong things ^^') I love A7X and I have so much love for Jimmy (who's probably looking at me from heaven and being embarrassed as hell xD) R.I.P Jimmy <3

We were in in my best friend's car, heading to drop me to my house. No longer after we headed the road, I suddenly felt a need to pee.

"How long 'til we get to my house?" I asked, looking at my friend who was driving.

"I don't know, man. We'll probably be there in like...thirty minutes." Brian told me. I hoped I could make it. I closed my eyes and tried to think at other things than my problem but obviously, the little pressure below my waist was always there to remind me that I had to go to the bathroom. The pressure increased with every minutes. How the fuck am I supposed to hold it for thirty fucking minutes?! When I felt a wave of pain hit my bladder, I understood then that it was almost impossible for me to make it. I crossed my legs and let out a shaky sight.

"You okay Jimmy?" Brian gave me a worried look but I told him I was fine despite the pain. A few minutes passed and the pressure was more and more painful.

"H-How long now?" I asked, keeping my legs crossed tightly together.

"About ten minutes. I'm worried for you, man. What's wrong?"

"I...I need to pee so fucking bad Bri. I forgot to go before we head the road." I replied and put my hands on my crotch as another wave of pain hit me. Obviously, Brian started laughing at me.

"It's not funny!" I tried to sound serious but my friend just kept laughing at my condition.

"Fuck you Brian." I shouted angrily at him as he stopped laughing to concentrate on the road.

"Are you gonna make it?" He asked with a smirk. To tell the truth, I wasn't sure. The pressure on my bladder was more and more intense and the ten minutes were passing so slow. I squeezed my private parts harder, to keep me from peeing all over Brian's passenger seat.

"I...don't know..." I moaned. I needed to release myself so bad.

"Don't you dare to ruin my seat or I'll kick your ass out of my car and you'll have to walk the rest of the path in your own pee." He warned me. I kept a hard grip on myself and moaned when the pain began to be insuportable. Brian could clearly see that I was sweating a little. A single little spurt of pee esacped into my boxers as Brian's car went in a hole on the road. I felt the tears filled my eyes and I gulped hard, knowing that I had a now tiny chance to make it.

"Can you go faster?!" I half screamed and half moaned.

"I can't go any faster, Jimmy. I'm at the fucking limit." He replied and I moaned in frustration. I bounced up and down on my seat while I squeezed myself hard.

"We're almost there." Brian told me as he recognised the few houses of my neighborhood. That didn't helped me to feel better at all. Silent tears went down on my cheeks as I bite my lower lip hard. When he pulled in my driveway, he quickly took the key of my house that he had on his own key chain and hurried himself to open the front door. He turned around to see that I was always squirming in his car.

"Why don't you hurry and get the fuck out?" He shouted from where he was.

"I-I can't!" I replied in panic when I undid my seat belt, opened the door and tried to get up.

"What do you mean you can't?" My friend walked toward me.

"I'm pretty sure that if I get out of te car, I'm just gonna lose it..." Another tear ran down my cheek.

"Here, let me help you." He took my right arm, placed it around his shoulders, placed a hand on my back and the other one on the back of my legs. Brian lifted me carefully. But as soon as I was lifted up, a couple of spurts of pee escaped from my manhood.

"Oh god, Brian..." I moaned and took my crotch with my free hand. Brian walked and climbed the stairs as fast as he could. We entered the house and Brian closed the door behind him with his foot. The nearest bathroom was unfortunatly upstairs. "Dammit...I can't make it." I whispered as Brian began to climb the stairs.

"Don't say that! You can make it." He almost carried me all the way to the nearest bathroom but more and more spurts were coming out of me. I let the tears coming out when I'd lost it all, right in front of the bathroom. My pee had soaked my jeans completely. Brian was always holding me when I released the pressure from my bladder. I was still crying in my friend's arms. I was also blushing violently, wanting to dissapear.

"I'm so sorry." I whispered when I finished.

"It's okay, Jimmy. I'm not mad at all." Brian replied and let me stand back up on my feet.

"I'll go change myself..." I said, looking at my soaked pants and at the puddle of pee at my feet. Brian nodded and waited outside of my bedroom. I came back with dry boxers and pants. We cleaned the mess and Brian held out his hand and wipped a tear on my cheek. I couldn't help it but smile at the sweet gesture. Next thing I knew was that Brian was holding his hand and led me downstairs. We sat on the couch and Brian spoke softly-

"Don't be mad at yourself Jimmy."

"I know but...I feel fucking terrible. I'm so sorry." I apologised. He gave me a big hug and told me that it was just an accident and that could happen to anybody.

"Are you going to tell the guys about it?" I asked, but already knew that he would tell the others and laugh at me.

"Of course not!" His answer comforted me and made me feel a little less embarassing. Brian was stroking my hair slowly as we talked about the next tour for a few minutes before I fell asleep in Brian's strong arms.

