Isaac and I

Author: Ici

*000*2012-11-18 09:45

This is a somewhat fictionalized memory of mine from a while back. It's true in the Hollywood sense--more inspired by truth than anything. Due to it's nature as partial-memory, there is a LOT of characterization in the beginning, and it doesn't get into the--ahem--juicy bits until later. If you don't feel like reading the context, feel free to skip down to the NSFW tag and expand. I will warn there is some fairly sexual content later on, but nothing under the pants. Yay, first ever fiction.

A while back, just after my 18th birthday, there was this boy, Isaac, I had crush on. We'd met through our local community theatre program, and he'd immediately caught my eye, with his unique laugh and black ponytail extending halfway down his back. His skin was tan, and he had a cheery face, with brown eyes that glittered, and even though he was still in college, faint laugh lines were already appearing on him.

Isaac and I had become friends quickly during practice. We had in common our very physical nature; we both expressed ourselves through touch. We'd hug, and scratch at, and tickle each other. Our mutual friends couldn't get why I'd laugh when he pulled my hair into a ponytail for me, or why it took us twenty minutes to get his stage makeup on, when it should've taken five.

There was one night in particular that stands out in my mind. It was during our last performance together, when we'd become best friends. He'd invited me over to his place to spend the night, purposefully, of course, in front of a bunch of our friends and castmates so they could jeer and we could joke about the amazing sex we weren't planning on having. By that time, he was my absolute closest friend. Isaac had become my pier, the one immovable object in my life. I'd sit with him, partway on his lap, and we'd talk about the beauty of the world in our imaginations.

We'd been playing video games for about two hours, volume turned up all the way so we could pretend we couldn't hear Isaac's idiot roommate, Chris, and his equally air-headed girlfriend, Marie watch porn in one of the bedrooms. We were playing Super Smash Bros. Brawl, and he was kicking my ass 7 games to 0. I'd never said my talents lay in holding a WiiMote steady, and I could hear Isaac cracking up behind me from the couch as I struggled my way through navigating the selection screen. He chuckled over the clear sound of a woman upstairs--Marie or in the movie I cared not--getting spanked. At that same moment Issac smacked me on the ass hard enough I'm sure it left a mark.

"Damn it!" I swung around, seized a paperback novel I'd brought over, and whacked him playfully on the cheek with it. Issac grabbed me around the waist, and then I was in his lap, halfway straddling him, my knees digging into the worn foam of the old sofa. There were about fifteen minutes of playful flirting and fake-screwing. We had a joke where he bounced me on his knees in such a way that it resembled dry-humping, and we would do it just to give people at practice a heart attack. It got a good chuckle once they realized what was going on. It just made us laugh.

After I about triggered an asthma attack of laughter, Isaac tucked me hard into his stomach. This move wasn't new--we typically shared a seat when we weren't on stage and watched from the audience--but what was new was I could feel him getting aroused by the small of my back. I could feel the tone in his chest, and see the muscles in his arms clench around me, taught from spending his life working construction with his father.

"We're playing a game!" he announced.

"Sexy," I made an attempt at dead-panning, failing miserably.

"It's called Secrets," Isaac continued, "I'll tell you a tiny little secret, one you might already know, and then you do the same. Then I'll tell you a slightly bigger one, and you too, and we go on and on until we've both told our deepest darkest secrets."

"You know most of mine," I giggled, turning to whisper in his ear over the sound of the game.

"'Most' is the keyword there, darling," he murmured back, "I'll start. So, when I was thirteen, I, like many thirteen-year-old boys, got random boners like a champion. I almost managed to get all the way through my awkward phase without anyone noticing, because I'm that ninja, until this one day. The eighth grade was having an assembly, and right beforehand my hormones made their ideas known, and so I'm sitting there trying to calm down and what happens at that moment? Our super young social studies teacher dressed up as Batman for a joke, and was running around screaming about how Batman wants us all to do good on standardized tests. Long story short, some bitchy girl noticed my lit--massive, massive inconvenience, and shouted it out. So my secret is, there's a whole school that believes to this day that I used to jerk it to old guys in latex."

I tried not to laugh at his pain. I tried, and I failed. Isaac owned it though and grinned. It was one of the things I loved about him; he was who he was and nobody else.

We went back and forth, telling deeper and deeper secrets until at last it came to my deepest and darkest. I'd considered sending this secret to Postsecret, as I'd never plucked up the courage to tell anyone. We'd moved on the couch so my feet lay on his lap, with my torso stretched over to the arm of the sofa, him sitting cross-legged on the other end.

"Well, I kind of have, a, uhhh, fetish."

He smirked, but without malice, "Really now?" he muted the sound on the TV, and Chris and Marie seemed to have fallen asleep, "I want to hear about this."

"Well, like, it...uhh," I blushed, "it's hot when someone uhh...wets themselves." I tried to be like him and own it, but I couldn't. Back then I hadn't yet found any other girl who was into the same stuff, and I assumed it was only men who were interested in it. I had decided I was strange...wrong.

"Really?" Isaac said, "That's sexy," without a trace of irony. He spent some time asking, and I spent some time answering as best I could. I learned I wasn't a freak, at least not to the only one who mattered, and he learned that Sigmund Freud was pretty much entirely wrongity wrong throughout his entire career, save for the obvious.

Isaac and I started dating a month later. Our performance had ended in bright lights and standing ovations, and the theatre group had disbanded until next year. We didn't speak of that night again, and I was certain he'd forgotten it. At least until one particular date.

The body of Issac's green '99 Ford Escort had basically been destroyed by a pickup t-boning him at an intersection. Still ran just fine, and he would be able to get a new car in a matter of days. We decided we'd take turns toodling around a parking lot of a local abandoned shopping center that even Mother Nature had decided she didn't want to use. This was our idea of romance...swapping turns at the wheel seeing who could wreck the most of the remainder of the Escort without dying. It was just about sunset, the summer sun finally giving way to a cooler night.

Explicit Content

Isaac swallowed the last gulp of a two-liter bottle of Pepsi we shared.

"You alright there?" I asked, giggling from the passenger seat as I saw him wriggle around to my left.

"Never better," he said, with that half-grin I'd always found so sexy. I knew better; as a trained vet in Omorashi I could pick up the signs.

"Hey, fun idea," he interupted my daydream, "See those shopping carts up there?" he pointed to the mangled mess of metal that had once been about fifteen carts that we'd wrecked, "I'm going to set them up in a line, and you try and weave in and out of them at, like, fifteen an hour, then I'll try it at thirty, then you at forty-five, and we keep going til we roll this bitch."

"Sure thing," I said, smiling. This "bitch" of an Escort was notoriously difficult to roll.

I watched Isaac set up the carts, each with about a ten foot gap in between. In the light of the sunset, I could see him becoming more and more fidgety. Isaac would pause, clench his thighs for just a moment, then continue. He shook his hips a bit more than necessary. Finally, he made his way back to the parked Escort as I slid into the driver's seat. He flumped next to me and buckled his seat belt. I noticed him wince as the lap belt pressed his bladder.

"Alright, Darlene Williams," Isaac said, voice slightly breathy, "Go go go!"

I drove, keeping the odometer above 15, easily avoiding most of the carts. Isaac had crossed his legs, pretending I didn't notice next to me.

"Your turn," I took the pleasure of unbuckling his seat belt for him, of course, leaning over him to make sure he didn't get smacked in the face, putting pressure on his lower stomach as I did so. His bladder was as hard as a rock. He drew a breath in and squirmed, but I swore I heard the smallest of laughs.

Isaac's run, which was supposed to be at 30, barely hit 10, as he unabashedly held himself the whole way through. I pretended I didn't notice, and he pretended he didn't notice my noticing, and I pretended I wasn't hornier than I had been in a while.

"You seem a bit...distracted," I said, pulling the same move as before, "Anything I can help you with?"

"Maybe," we hadn't had sex yet, and hadn't gone any farther than heavy petting, but we had gotten into a rhythm. Isaac followed me out to the hood of the car, turning off the engine and the headlights on as he did so. We kissed deeply as night fell, Isaac squirming under me as I kissed him.

Finally he acknowledged his urge, "I've never had to pee this badly in my life," he murmured.

"Tell me more," I breathed.

He kissed down my neck as he described, "I can't think about anything else except you and my bladder," he let out a guttural grunt, and let me watch him cup his crotch, shifting his legs.

"It's soooo-Urgh-close to coming out."

I put my hand between his legs and he ground up against it. I couldn't tell if it was for relief or sex.

He gasped and took a step away from me so I could see him better in the headlights. He grabbed his crotch with both hands, and hissed, "Ohh, I can't...I can't..."

Isaac took his hands away for a second, and I saw a wet spot the size of a golf ball on his light blue jeans. He jammed his hands back between his legs and twisted his hips, "I need to go," he groaned, "Urgh, I have. To. PEE!"

He bounced up and down, trying to hold it, but it was too late. I heard the gentle hiss as his jeans darkened, and he spread his legs. The stream sparkled as it fell and splattered to the pavement below. It splashed into a growing puddle and soaked his jeans. His whole body shook, but he sighed with relief.

I won't go into detail of how our night together ended. Suffice it to say Isaac understands just how to work a girl with a fetish.

*002*2012-11-29 03:36

{{ 

Awesome story. Sigh. Makes you sorta jealous, though ;) Have a spare Isaac lying around?

}}

Thank you! Ahh, I wish I did, haha. The world would be a much better place with more of him in it.

