Kati's desperate trials

Author: Notme246

*000*2018-08-09 15:02

Hi! I'm Kati! I'm a 16 year old girl in high school. I'm pretty shy and I easily get embarrassed. But I do enjoy making friends!

I'm gonna tell you about the incident I had once...

So it all started when I walked into school. I was drinking a large sprite from McDonalds. As I was drinking I noticed the time and went to class, finishing up my drink and throwing it away in a nearby trash can.

During class I felt the smallest twinge in my bladder. But I ignored it. I was thristy. So i took out a water bottle I had packed and drank it all down. I felt the water hit the soda from earlier inside me. It left a loud uncomfortable slosh in my belly whenever I moved.

20 minutes later, my stomach growled. I thought I was just hungry, so I shrugged it off. But then, I felt a very cold feeling between my legs. I really had to use the little girls room.

I didn't wanna embarass myself by asking in class. So squeezed my legs together and waited for class to end. There was still an hour left, I didn't know if I could hold it lonh enough.

I felt a wave of desperation causing me to double over slightly in my seat. I jammed one hand on my pee hole to try and keep it in. I didn't3exactly have the strongest bladder, so it was hard not to leak.

I heard a couple students drinking their water bottles. Which made me think about peeing into the toilet and relaxing. I tried to get the thoughts out of my head.

30 minutes in, my bladder was full. I could feel the liquid inside me demanding to be let out. I was shaking.

I felt a spurt escape which caused me to blush profusely. But I quickly prevented anymore from getting out.

My belly was aching in pain so I used my other hand to rub it gently. I felt like my bladder was about to explode. I could keep it in much longer.

'Oh geez...I'm not gonna make it!'. I thought as I did a small pee dance under my seat. My bladder was on the brim of explosion and I couldn't keep it in any longer. Before I knew it, the floodgates had opened and I felt a warm liquid below me. I felt relived but extremely embarrassed as everyone looked at me and laughed. I ran out the classroom crying in shame.

