(APH franada) desperate dreams, and....uh oh

Author: CupofMapleCoffee

*000*2012-08-08 00:31

Okay, so I'm a bit new here, and this is my first post. :D yay.

Here in the fiction/fanfiction area is probably where i will spend most of my time, and i thought i might share with you the first omorashi fanfic i've written. Its a Hetalia Fanfiction. I'm not sure how many Hetalia fans visit the forum, but Axis Powers Hetalia is basically an online comic that was adapted into a manga and an anime. You could call it parody of history, as all the characters are stereotyped personifications of countries. Most of the episodes take place during world war II. There are some homosexual erotic undertones in the show and comic, and so the fandom is pretty explosive when it comes to yaoi.

This fanfiction is about the pairing Franada which is France (Francis Bonnefoy) x Canada (Mathew Williams) America (Alfred F. Jones) also makes an appearance.

The fanfiction is pretty long (kind of like this introduction I'm writing) and its not quite finished yet. I'm posting it early in hopes of feedback on whether or not i should continue. Most of it takes place during Canada's dream..okay i guess that enough rambling, heres the fanfiction, i hope you like it

......

The Canadian slowly cracked opened his eyelids, and leisurely lifted his head from its comfortable resting place on his pillow in order to glance at the glowing red numbers on his digital clock. It was much too blurry to read though and Mathew’s lilac colored eyes drooped with the drug like sleepiness that came with the dawn of morning. He blinked a few times and tried to rub the sleep away before getting his glasses from the nightstand and putting them on. The boy could hear the sound of running water coming from the hallway. Was Francis already in the shower? The dripping pitter patter immediately turned d his attention to a slowly growing need in his lower abdomen. Mathew felt a sharp tweak in his bladder and realized that he would need a toilet soon. He always did first thing in the morning. He shook the feeling away and glanced at the nightstand now with his glasses on. The clock read 4:30.

“Maple” the Canadian muttered under his breath in irritation. He pulled the blankets over his head to shut out the noise of the shower. Mathew loved Francis dearly but he didn’t appreciate being woken up this early. The house was still cloaked with a feeling of night, and the Canadian was aching to return to a peaceful slumber. Mathew was actually an early bird, unlike his twin brother Alfred who slept past noon every chance he got. The morning hours were when Mathew felt his best, he was bright and cheerful, but even as an early riser he rarely got up before 6:00. He could never wake up before France. While the French man wasn’t actually an early bird like his young Canadian lover, he still got himself up bright and early. He was a fashionable and sophisticated man who dedicated the hours early in the morning as a time of grooming to cleanse himself of the old and take the time to highlight any aspect of himself that glowed with the essence his true and natural beauty.

The blanket did nothing to stifle the noise, but oh well. With sound of water dripping frantically out of the showerhead flowing into his ears Canada drifted back into a deep sleep.

Mathew had a sip of sweet red wine, as he snuggled closer to France. They were sitting on a checkered blanket, sharing drinks and snacking on the cheeses that Francis had brought with them. The night sky was like black velvet but lit up with tiny little flames. The dancing stars were beautiful twinkling in the French man’s cool blue eyes. Francis caught and returned the blond boy’s gaze. Smiling warmly he brought his lips to Mathew’s in a gentle kiss. The French man’s stubble poking from his oval chin brushed against the Canadian’s soft round face, but it did not feel scratchy rather it tickled him, and Matt let out a small giggle.

In his moment of euphoria Suddenly Canada became aware of the sound of running water. Ah yes the couple had chosen to have their picnic next to a small stream. The light splashing from the flow of water rushing against stone was babbling with a constant rhythm, reminding him of an urgent need that would need to be addressed very soon. The boy’s bladder felt round and full, and the Canadian could swear he could feel every drop as it continued to fill up like a water balloon. Canada wasn’t a heavy drinker, though perhaps the boy had ingested too much wine for his own good. Mathew’s cheeks blushed scarlet as the liquid in his glass when strong wave of desperation hit him. The boy at the command of his bursting bladder began to squirm and pulled away from his French lover. Francis surprised at the cute little Canadian’s unexpected retreat inquired

“what’s wrong mon chérit? Are you getting tired?”

Canada stood up, embarrassed “N-No” he answered .Matt swayed a bit from side to side uncomfortably, and he was trembling slightly partially because of his nervousness and partially due his desperate need. Nature’s call was practically screaming at him. it was time to relieve himself, NOW. Though the need was great, Canada was the shy and timid type and he was too self-conscious to even admit to his lover that all he wanted at the moment was to urinate.

“I-I just n-need to w-walk ar-round for a littleb-bit” He stuttered out an awkward excuse “I-I don’t like sitting down for too long”

“but of course.” France said, standing up as well. He took Canada’s petite hands in his own and leaned in close “nothing like a romantic walk in the moonlight, Non?” Canada could smell the wine and cheese on his breath.

Mathew frowned and shook his head. If he was going to find a place to “go” he was going need his privacy. France couldn’t be there.

“I w-want to b-be alone ac-actually” He stated a bit ashamed. His gaze focused on the ground rather than France’s face and he blushed an even deeper shade of crimson.”I-I’ll be b-back in a minute.” He continued to shift uncomfortably, the pressure in his bladder growing in intensity with each passing second.

“Alone?...but why?” the French man asked in hurt dismay

Mathew opened his mouth to answer, but just then another desperate surge of urgency overtook the poor Canadian. He could feel urine trickling down his urethra; centimeters from reaching his undergarments He quickly squeezed his thighs together to prevent any leaking.

“Maple!” the boy exclaimed. He was going to have an accident if he didn’t find a place to go right this minute. Ignoring France’s confused calls, Canada took off running. Were there any public toilets here? Mathew couldn’t remember. There weren’t any he could see. The contents of his bladder was sloshing around as he ran only making his desperation levels worse, his bladder suddenly spasmed, and the Canadian had to stop to grab himself. He crossed and uncrossed his legs in a potty dance as he looked around frantically. There weren’t any buildings around where he go in and ask permission to use the washroom There weren’t any trees he could pee behind, no bushes either. In fact there was nothing but dirt on this little road.

Where am I? The Canadian wondered, he hadn’t ventured too far from their picnic spot something had to look familiar right? Matthew moaned, and grasped his privates tighter. He felt like his bladder was going to explode. He was in such an embarrassing position with his hands against his crotch and jiggling about. Canada was thankful that France was not here to see him like this, in fact that he was thankful that there wasn’t anyone here to see him. The place was fortunately completely and utterly deserted. Wait...there was no one here. The fact had just dawned in the Canadians anxious mind. There was nobody here to see him; if he really wanted to he could just…

Relieve himself where he was standing! The idea excited the boy’s aching bladder, and while still writhing and twisting about to keep from making a premature mess in his trousers Matt struggled to undo his zipper. Overjoyed that he would soon have rid himself of the large quantity of fluid he was holding in.

“Mattie!” Canada jumped in surprise and accidently let out a spurt of pee into his almost undone pants, the warm liquid was absorbed by his underwear and the wet cloth stuck to his penis. Mathew quickly crossed his legs tight to end the stream before he soaked himself in his own urine.

He felt a strong hand pat him on the back.

“’Sup Canadia?”

“America!” Canada gasped his expression of vast annoyance. He wasn’t in the mood right now to deal with his loud and obnoxious brother. He had other things to worry about. “What are you doing here?”

“what a guy can’t visit his little brother? I just wanted to see ya dude! How have ya been?”

The American didn’t wait for Mathew to answer him; he just went on without a pause.

“so I figured its been a while since we hung out together ya know, and I thought it was about time he have some bro quality time together and stuff yo., ya get what I’m saying?….uh dude by the way your fly is down”

Matt’s cheeks turned rosy and he shyly zippered his pants back up. The Canadian was shuffling about anxiously grieving over the moment he had just lost when he could have had the chance to have a wee and get his much needed relief, but he was stuck listening to his overconfident twin chatter on about some gibberish. Oh what he would give to just get a chance to use a bathroom right now.

“so what do you say?” Alfred asked

“uhh?.” The Canadian had been focusing all his attention on not flooding his pants and the ground beneath him with golden liquid, and hadn’t heard a word that came out of the American’s lips.

“you up for a game of catch?” Alfred repeated himself. Oh God Mathew thought as he looked up in horror at the baseball the American had in his hand. He felt a lump of dread form at the pit of his stomach. This was not good. Alfred was the violent and competitive type, a game of catch never ended in Matt’s favor when he played with his brother. He always emerged from it covered in scrapes and bruises, some of the worst ones on his vital regions. Besides there was a bodily function he needed to take care of at the moment. He shifted his feet and crossed his legs awkwardly.

“Actually Al, I have to.” Canada began timidly, but Alfred didn’t let him finish his sentence, instead with a signature “hero” laugh he grabbed the small Canadian by the arm and with more force than was probably necessary he jerked him along. With the sudden movement the contents of his bladder splashed around against the stretched walls of their already gorged container, and Matt whimpered quietly in distress.

“come on, you gonna a play an epic game of catch with the hero dude! This should be totally freaking awesome yo!” America was bellowing excitedly, as the twins made their way to a baseball field. Mathew fantasized of toilets and urinals while Alfred told stories of his “heroic” actions, and then said something or other about Captain America in the new avenger’s movie, and the one way conversation somehow went from that to how bad Arthur’s cooking was, and never ask the English man to prepare you a burger because the fire alarm will go off, and it triggers the sprinklers and water will spray all over your head, and you’ll get all wet. It’s totally not awesome, because a hero shouldn’t have wet hair unless you’re like lame aqua man or something.

“Spray, wet “those two words stuck out to the Canadian like an adhesive. He needed to find a place to do his own “spraying” before he got completely “wet”. He could feel a few more spurts traveling down his penis, and gulping nervously Canada stuck his left hand (the one that wasn’t currently being strangled like a hungry constructor by an obnoxious captain America fan boy in a bomber’s jacket) in the pocket of his trousers, and attempted to discreetly hold himself.

The two blond boys finally arrived at the baseball field where Alfred wanted to play catch, and Mathew was released from his brother’s tight grasp.

“you stay here, I’ll go on the opposite side of the field” The American instructed. Canada nodded absentmindedly bouncing up and down like a rubber ball his curl like a spring bounced with him. He was still holding himself through his pocket. He crossed and uncrossed his legs in a scissor motion and cheeks were still tinted red as his mind swarmed with a feeling of desperation. Matt scanned the field restlessly with his lavender colored eyes, his bladder was so full it was starting to hurt. Then he noticed it. Next to the silver bleachers there was a plastic navy blue port-a-potty. Mathew didn’t think he had seen anything more beautiful in his life. Overcome with his need, Canada didn’t take his eyes of the hypnotizing splendor that could deliver him his desired relief. That proved to be a mistake however.

“Heads up Mattie!” Alfred shouted before hurling a speeding baseball in his direction. Mathew heavily distracted, was nowhere near ready when the rapid sphere came at him like a firing comet. The ball hit him right on the forehead, and the Canadian collapsed on the ground for a moment losing all control. Liquid rushed out of his penis and a warm wet feeling spread over the front of jeans.

“Maple!” Canada shouted in alarm, with both hands he grasped his crotch firmly, and with much concentration he managed to stop the stream. A small wet patch was now visible on the front of his trousers. His face red as a strawberry, Mathew shakily got up from the ground, and darted as fast as he could toward the port-a-potty.

Moaning in utter desperation, and wriggling about Canada made it to the small plastic structure. the pressure was building and even while some of the urine no longer remained in his bladder the little Canadian couldn’t remember a time when he needed to pee so badly. He opened the door and entered with his legs crossed.

The boy turned around eagerly, his hands at his zipper

*002*2012-08-09 00:21

{{:

This is such a cliff-hanger!! Please write more :]

}}

Okay, I'll see if i can work on it some more :) I already have an ending in mind. I'm glad you liked it :D

*005*2012-10-25 03:31

{{:

Love it! :)

}}

I'm glad you liked it :3

{{:

Wah~I loved this fic ;u; you write very well, really ;;;;

}}

Thank you so much, :D despite how long its been i still havent gotten around to finishing this. Hopefully i will find the time in my schedual to complete it soon

*007*2012-11-12 01:33

Okay so I finally found time to work on this fanfiction, Its still not finished. I know I'm taking forever on it, and its not even very good but I'll get it done...eventually

Anyway heres the next part

......

Mathew finished undoing his trousers and removed his member from the confines of his underwear. Holding his breath the Canadian allowed himself to relax. Seconds later a hissing sound could be heard and he let out a heavy yellow stream into the plastic toilet. Canada sighed in ecstasy. At the moment the little Canadian was the happiest man on the face of the earth.

Strangely, other than the sound of hissing at the moment of release, not a sound was made when the urine spurted into the portable and bathroom structure. There was simply silence. Then Canada noticed a warm moist sensation pooling around his crotch

Mathew awoke with a start, and his glasses that he had forgotten to remove before drifting off flew onto the floor.

“oh no” the Canadian muttered. The bed beneath him felt wet. Liquid was rushing out of the boy’s bladder and collecting in small puddle beneath him. Quickly he clutched his penis tight and managed to stop the flow. Still holding himself the boy scrambled out of bed.

The boy’s cheeks flushed a shade of a rose. He had just soiled his sheets, how humiliating! Canada knew he shouldn’t have had so much to drink before going to sleep that night… oh well, can’t do anything about that now. Oh maple! And France was here! The last thing the poor Canadian wanted was for his boyfriend to see that he had had a bedwetting accident like a two year old.

There was a dark patch on the red sheets where he had wet, but it wasn’t very big. Most of it had soaked into his underwear and polar print pajama bottoms. Unfortunately though the Canadian wasn’t quite finished, a strong urge told him that a large quantity was still sitting in his bladder, and it wasn’t going to stay there for long.

Jiggling about Mathew scampered as fast as he could down the hall to the toilet, almost slipping on a rug in the process. Squirming like a worm He turned the handle of the washroom door, but it was locked. Damn it! Was Francis still in there?, yes, yes he was. Canada could hear the man humming his national anthem loudly behind the door and he could smell the strong scent of the French man’s cologne drafting from the cracks around it.

“Oh Maple” the little blonde moaned quietly. His face burned with embarrassment. He had to pee so bad, but he didn’t want Francis to see his already damp pants. He lifted his hand but hesitated knocking on the door. The boy was mortified at the idea of France seeing him like this, but a twinge in his bladder pushed him to his decision. Canada knocked on the door.

“mon cherit? Is that you?” the French man cooed

“umm yes Francis…a-are y-you done in there?” Mathew timidly replied

“I’ll be out in minute mi amour, I’m grooming my beard. I’ll meet you in the kitchen for some petit-déjeuner, okay”

Grooming his beard? Hadn’t he already done that yesterday? Canada shook his head

“uh F-Francis, I-I really need to use the bathroom right now- i-its sort of an emergency“

But the man had already resumed his humming and probably had not heard Mathew. Damn his whispery voice, the Canadian was never heard when he needed to be.

Feeling another spasm in his bladder, the Canadian crossed his legs.

“ohhh” He really really needed a wee. He was absolutely bursting.

While he was dancing around trying to remain in control Canada’s ears picked up the sound of little footsteps coming behind him. He turned his head and saw a little white puffball the size of a small dog. Mr. Kumajiro, the boy’s pet pygmy polar bear was standing there with Canada’s glasses in his mouth. His ears twitching, the bear dropped them at his feet.

“Who are you?” He squeaked while cocking his head to the side.

“I’m Canada” the answer was automatic, Mr. Kumajiro was extremely forgetful and so this question was quite routine.

Squeezing himself Canada bent down awkwardly to pick up his glasses.

“thank you Kumachacha” he said

“Hungry” the little bear yelped “feed me”

Francis obviously wasn’t going to be out of the bathroom for a while, Canada could fix up something for everyone to eat and by then France would be out and Mathew would be free to relieve himself. He could hold it, he was pretty sure. France took a while when it came to getting ready in the morning but he couldn’t possibly take that long, Right?

*012*2012-11-20 23:06

{{:

You made me actually watch the series :x This story is really good! :p

}}

Thanks :3 i hope you enjoy the series as much as i do

{{:

This is such a good fanfiction, it's very interesting and descriptive. And hot~ I can't wait to read more!

}}

Thank you I'm glad you liked it

{{:

Wow! I really like this. It's very nice writing, in my opinion. And the story is good at keeping my attention. I found myself caught up in reading it. :wub:

}}

Thank you

{{:

Wait....why is there not more of this? This story is so cute! I love it! Can't wait for the next update ^_^

}}

Thanks

I'm glad so many of you like it, I'm working on finishing the fic and once I'm finished i hope you like the last part as well and dont find it too dissapointing. My writing could still use some work, but i suppose writing omorashi fics should give me some more pracice ^_^

*013*2012-11-21 21:48

I'm kind of angry at myself since I'm still not finished with this fic yet, but I'm just going to go ahead and post the part i got done today for those who are actually interested in reading it.

###

Before going into the kitchen, Mathew went back into the bedroom to change out of his wet clothes. Little Kumajiro waited anxiously in the doorway as Canada removed his damp pajama bottoms, and then peeled off his soaked undergarments. The cool morning air touched the boy’s exposed bottom half playfully with icy fingers. This heightened his urge and the boy grasped his bare penis tight for a few moments in order to keep his bladder contained.

After having once again regained control Mathew opened his dresser drawer in order to find dry underwear and some comfortable pajama or lounging pants. The Canadian succeeded in finding a pair of maple leaf print boxers, which he immediately put on, he couldn’t find any pants however. There were none clean, and Canada certainly wasn’t going to put the wet ones back on. He really needed to do his laundry. Mathew decided to go without pants for now; the navy blue shirt he was wearing was rather long on him anyway. It was almost like nightgown, and it covered his boxers.

The shirt had an image of a mother polar bear and her cubs on it as the boy had gotten it at a fundraiser that helped raise awareness of global warming and its effects on the ecosystem. As Alfred would say, Mathew had always been a damn tree hugger; he still bought the shirt even when they had run out of his size. The giant tree hugger shirt was an extra large, and very loose on the Canadians small frame. It made Mathew look smaller then he actually was which was why he preferred to wear the garment to sleep as opposed to out in public.

Mathew figured it would be smart to throw his damp clothes and sheets into the wash quickly before Francis got out of the bathroom. While continuing to do his little potty dance, the boy stripped the bed of its soiled sheets and carried them to a room at the end of the hall where the washing machine was located. He put his wet clothes in with the sheets, deposited the appropriate amount of soap and softener and then started the wash. Holding himself he quickly left the room before he could hear the torturous sound of the machine filling with water.

With a small polar bear at his heels the boy then made his way to the kitchen.

“What are you hungry for Kumakiki?” Mathew asked

The animal smacked his lips, “fish!” he squeaked

Of course Mathew thought smiling. The Canadian kept his legs crossed hoping it would keep his bulging bladder relatively calm while he looked through the cabinet for some tuna for his furry little friend. He found a can opened it and placed on the ground for Mr. Kumajiro, the white bear gratefully gulped up his food.

Now to make some breakfast for the humans of the household he thought. There was a box of already made dry pancake mix on the counter. Canada preferred his pancakes from scratch, and he was certain France did too. However, his enlarged bladder was pushing strongly against his outer abdomen, and with every move he made it threatened to contract and release the yellow torrent imprisoned within. It made Canada ever more anxious to get to the toilet, and so he decided to use the already made mix. Mathew didn’t want to still be cooking when Francis exited the bathroom.

Before he could even begin to cook however, it was necessary for him to wash his hands. And so the blonde turned the smooth silver knob on the sink and a stream of clear water dispensed into the basin. First with a few dribbles and then growing into a thicker flow. The sound of water hitting the sink and dripping down the drain made the Canadian bite his lip. It was like the sound you hear when one is letting go in front of a urinal. His poor bladder became overexcited with this noise and he felt the gorged muscle spasm. A warm trickle traveled down his urethra and threatened to drip out of the tip of his penis. No no! the Canadian thought with horror and he gripped himself tightly once again. He shifted his weight from one foot to the other waiting for the period of acute desperation to pass. He was about to have another accident in his clean boxers!

Mr. Kumajiro watched the spectacle with curiosity, he cocked his head to the side as his owner squirmed in front of him. Luckily for Canada the feeling did pass, he didn’t wet except maybe a little drop or two. Unfortunately he still needed to wash his hands. Crossing his legs, he prepared for the shock of sticking his hands in the water.

“You need to make a tinkle.” Mathew heard his pet bear’s shrill voice

A shiver went down the Canadians spine as the water in the sink wet his hands and he wiggled again.

“yes kuma” He sighed a little exasperated, now scrubbing with soap.

“go tinkle” the bear peeped

“I can’t right now kumakoko”

“Why?”

Canada rinsed off the soap and turned off the sink. He began drying his hands with a towel.

“because France is in there” he answered

The polar bear shook his head

“you going to have an uh oh,” he warned

“I can hold it!” the Canadian protested a little more harshly then he meant to. The reality was that he was trying to convince himself more than his furry pal. The boy was beginning to feel more uncertain about how long he would be able to hold on. He really really had to pee or make a tinkle as Mr.Kumajiro put it. The white bear simply shook his head again, and slowly walked into the living room, where crawled up on the couch to take his after breakfast nap.

*015*2012-12-28 03:22

{{:

This is so cute! I absolutely love Canada ^_^ Your story is so cute! I hope you post again soon, I love reading this!

}}

I'm really glad you like my story :3

###

Canada continued to move about in a scissor like motion, crossing and uncrossing his legs as he got out the carton of milk from the fridge and poured the white liquid into the large blue bowl along with the dry ingredients. He then added a couple of eggs. With a spoon he began to stir the ingredients together until they were well mixed. Great, now the batter was done, that didn’t take very long right?

“oh Maple, I need the toilet” The Canadian whined quietly to himself. He set the bowl down next to the stove, and the greased pan on it that he had already been warming.

At that moment his anxious bladder, again contracted. With both of his hands Canada grabbed himself, but it was no use. The blonde boy felt the warm liquid seeping out of his cloth undergarments and onto his hands as he began to leak. A rather small puddle of yellow urine collected on the kitchen floor. Red in the face Matt whimpered, and moaned.

Among those sounds he let out a quiet cry of “oh maple!”

It took an immense amount of focus, but Mathew regained control. He knew however that it would be for the last time. He needed to finish emptying his bladder before the contents were completely dumped out onto the ground. He was already damp for the second time and his feet were wet with the puddle of urine sitting beneath his toes, but for the sake of what was left of his dignity the boy would not let himself finish peeing in his boxers.

The Blond Canadian glanced at the sink that was beside him. The silver basin was a perfect candidate for an emergency toilet. It was so very tempting with the cooling gold liquid he stood in reminding Mathew of what still needed to be let out, and with every second that ticked by he felt himself growing closer to having that final accident.

When you gotta go, you gotta go, and Canada had to go right now. He started to extract his penis from his soggy underwear, even though it went against his nature. Urinating in the sink would be so unsanitary, and Canada preferred to keep things clean, but right now Mother Nature was telling him to do otherwise. He was more desperate to have a wee then he ever had been before, and the boy went ahead and completely removed his boxers. He left the undergarments on the kitchen floor. Many of the white maple leaves printed on the front had been stained yellow from his previous wetting.

Holding his member, Mathew aimed for draining hole. The Canadian took several deep breaths trying to relax. He allowed himself to ease up enough, and he was just about to let go, when he heard the sound of the bathroom door opening in the hallway.

*018*2013-03-04 05:59

Last part

###

Motivated by his extreme desperation the Canadian took off full speed to the hallway. His feet still a little wet, left a light trail of footprints down the path he took. Not really paying enough attention on what he was doing Matt slipped on that damn rug again, and fell forward into a shirtless man with a stubbly chin and a white towel wrapped around his waist. Francis caught the boy in his arms.

“France!” Mathew cried out

“Canada?” the French man uttered, confused

“whats the matter mon cherit?”

The little Canadian didn’t answer, rather with his face glowing red like a stop light, and his face twisted with degradation, he lost complete control. The blond boy twisted his legs and pulled his shirt down over his penis, but that wouldn’t stop the flow. With no underwear to soak up Mathew’s fluid, a wet spot quickly grew bigger and bigger on the front of the navy blue t-shirt. The urine hissed as it rushed out of Canada’s urethra.

The stream of hot yellow urine hit and then dripped down France’s leg. A feeling of sweet relief washed over Mathew’s body. If felt so good just to let go. He seemed to be peeing for ages, the water wouldn’t stop emptying out. His penis was an endless faucet. A giant yellow puddle collected beneath the two countries, but finally the flow began to falter, the stream became less and less until only yellow drops were coming out, and then nothing.

The Canadian sighed deeply, finally relieved, but kept his gaze low on the ground in a shame just as strong as the relief. His expression was that of a naughty child, who would soon receive his punishment.

“Uh oh” a small voice squeaked. Little Kumajiro covered his mouth with both of his paws as if in surprise. The polar bear had finished his nap, and had watched the entire thing unfold.

Mathew felt the warm tears pooling in his violet eyes.

“Matthieu?” Francis said gently, stroking the Canadians wavy golden hair.

“why didn’t you tell me you needed to…?”

“I..I…I tried to.” Mathew whimpered

Of course, Francis thought. Canada’s passive an timid nature combined with his low volume voice made

Something like this happening inevitable. The boy might knock a few times, but his voice was so difficult

To hear, and no matter badly he needed to use the toilet, he was much too discreet in nature to be persistent. Also The Canadian’s natural kindness would persuade him to wait until the Francis was finished with what he was doing in the bathroom.

“I’m sorry Matthieu.” France apologized to his lover that was trembling and wet in his arms.

“I’m sorry too.” Canada sniveled

“why are you apologizing mon cherit? You’ve done nothing wrong. You couldn’t help it.”

“but- I…I made you all wet.”

“just a little”

“I thought you didn’t like to get dirty-“

Francis chuckled

“that may be true, but this is no big deal Matthieu. Everyone has an accident once in a while. Besides-“

The

French man wiped the tears from the blonde’s face

“I thought it was very cute.”

“cute?” Mathew asked, quite surprised

“Yes.”

France said smiling, “very cute.”

“want to know a little a secret of mine, Canada?”

Mathew gave the Frenchman a curious look

“Um...alright.” he responded

“I sometimes wet myself too, but I do it on purpose.”

“on purpose?” the Canadian was shocked

“Yes, I know it sounds unusual but I rather like it actually. It turns me on. It’s a little fetish of mine you could say.”

Canada smiled shyly, and stuttering let out his own confession

“sometimes..sometimes I..I. I have wondered w-what it would be like t-to wet myself in a diaper.” He admitted the same bright red he was when he wet himself.

“I’ve never told anyone that though.”

“of course.”

The

French man mischievously moved his fingers from the Canadians scalp, to the bouncy curl that stuck out just in front of his soft face.

“oh-“

Canada let out a little yelp in pleasure

“you know, Matthieu.” He continued to brush his finger against the sensitive curl.

“we could always mix things up, and incorporate a little water sports if you wanted.. in fact…

I really need the toilet right now, it seems I’ve been so busy with my grooming

I had forgotten to use it this morning.”

France smiled playfully

“I’m not sure if I can make it.”

Canada giggled, and at first looked down shyly at his feet, but his confidence grew a little and he suddenly began to tickle his French lover violently…or violently to Canadian standards anyway.

France squirmed and laughed. Mathew’s tiny fingers were enough to open the floodgates, and a thick yellow stream began to rush out of his penis and stain the towel he was wearing.

Canada’s puddle beneath the two countries slowly enlarged as the French man’s urine trickled to the ground and mixed with it.

By the time France had finished his accident the countries were breathing very heavily, and France could feel his member lifting as blood rushed to the sensitive area. Canada’s penis was already visibly erect through his oversized

T-shirt. Francis brought his face closer to Mathew’s, and stole a kiss.

“this is the perfect excuse for a shower together, non?”

Canada’s eager facial expression showed his agreement

“and then we get you those diapers.”

Mathew giggled again.

