Allison's Watch

Author: Kid_Omo

*000*2011-06-23 10:56

Wow, it has been a long time since I've posted any stories here. Well, this is one I've had for a couple weeks now, I've been meaning to post it for a while.

Some back story: This uses both a setting and characters from a story that I've been thinking of writing which involves magic and mystical creatures existing in the modern world, the characters in this are part of an organization that tries to protect the balance between magic and non-magic creatures, so they send out patrols throughout the day to ensure there are no magical creatures causing trouble. Allison and her group currently have the late night watch, which goes from around midnight to about sunrise (which would be around 4:30 where this takes place, or a little later). They, as trainees, have to meet their teacher for a lesson an hour before their shift begins (11:00 pm).

Allison is a member of the Celestial Bloodline, she is still completely human, it just means she has access to a special brand of magic, as well as sharing some unique, yet subtle, physical traits.

Allison is currently 17 years old, as of the time of the story. She has light blonde hair and silvery eyes. Her skin is simply radiant, to the point one might say it glows in the light. She is average height and weight, but her looks could be described as far from that. It is the consensus among many at her school, and two of the boys in her group, that she is quite beautiful.

Anyway, enough of the boring details, on to the story:

______

"Oh no, no, no, no!" Allison shouted as she quickly got dressed in her comfortable, form-fitting, blue jeans, white t-shirt and black jacket. She had forgotten to set her alarm when she got back from school today, she barely had any time to get halfway across town to meet her group and their teacher.

Allison slipped on her shoes and ran down the stairs, stopping on her way out the door to grab a bottle of pop from the fridge so she could keep herself hydrated during her shift. She then sprinted out the door through the nearly empty city streets.

Allison ran through the streets of old town, looking around to make sure no one was watching her. As usual, there was no one to be seen, good.

Allison entered the seemingly-abandoned warehouse that served as their meeting place. She ran in, panting heavily as she met the group. Jay and Rick greeted her as they always would, Jake just shot her and angry look for being late, even though she was actually right on time, he took his work all too seriously. Their teacher just looked the group over and addressed them as he always would.

Allison opened her bottle of pop and began drinking from it causally as their teacher prattled on, though she continued to pay attention, he could always tell when she wasn't.

When she put the cap back on the bottle, she realized she had drank nearly half of it, then again, she just ran halfway across town, it was understandable that she would be thirsty.

As the lesson continued, Allison realized something she hadn't noticed before she made her mad dash to this place. She always took a nap after school so she would be ready to stay out almost all night, she then had a routine when she woke up. Today, since she forgot to set her alarm, she had to skip a lot of that routine. Usually, before leaving her house, Allison would use the bathroom, but that was just one of the things she happened to skip.

In short, Allison realized that she needed to pee quite badly.

Still, the teacher hated when people interrupted him, and he was not the type to let people leave for absolutely any reason during one of his lectures.

So, Allison listened as he went on about vigilance and how you should avoid distractions, Allison got most of it, but she was too distracted with her ever-filling bladder to pay full attention.

After a while longer, the teacher stopped, asked if everyone had gotten his point, to which everyone responded with affirmation, even though Allison hadn't gotten all of it, but she figured she would be fine, she noticed Jay would often drift off during a lesson, but he always seemed to do just fine, so one lesson shouldn't hurt Allison too much.

After that, the teacher looked them over and said, "Alright, then, off to patrol with you."

As the rest turned to walk out the door, Allison turned to them, asking, "Hey, guys, could you just wait a minute, I need to-"

She was cut off by a hard stare from Jake, "No, we can't." He said, "The previous watch will arrive in about a minute, we can't leave the streets unprotected for even an instant!" He shouted.

"It really won't take long," Allison said, "I just need to-"

"No!" Jake shouted, "The more you argue, the more you waste time! Now, let's get going!"

Allison looked around, everyone else was just casually observing the conversation, it seemed no one was going to take her side on this one.

Allison just sighed and joined the rest as they left the building to start their shift on watch.

"Alright," Allison said to herself after she had taken off on her own route and the rest of the group was out of sight, "Just a few more hours and I'll be able to go." She said, not even fooling herself. It was a four-hour shift, she didn't have trouble holding it in for just that, but any more added to that, well, she wasn't sure if that was possible.

Allison found it hard to not think about her need to use the bathroom, as this night was pretty boring. She just walked through the mostly-empty streets, casually sipping her pop every once in a while. Tonight, she actually hoped for a monster attack, more than just in a thrill-seeking kind of way, she wanted some kind of distraction.

As it stood, Allison continued her route rather uncomfortably. It wasn't that bad yet, but the lack of distractions made things much worse. Whenever there was no one else around that she could see, Allison would press one hand between her legs to make it more bearable.

It was nearly an hour into her watch, Allison had less than a fourth of the bottle left and she was feeling it! Allison was walking around slightly bent over, still throwing a hand between her legs so long as she couldn't see anyone around her.

'I don't think I can hold it for three more hours!' Allison thought, urgently. But what could she do, just pee in the streets? Actually, she did notice some places that would provide adequate cover, and there weren't a lot of people or magical creatures roaming the streets at this hour. Still, she couldn't just leave her route, anything could happen at any moment...What could she do?

As she looked ahead at the path, Allison remembered something, every so often, the paths of the different people on watch crossed so they could check in on each other in case something were to happen to one of them. This was scheduled so that, at an average pace, each path would meet another once every hour. Allison could just ask the person to stand and keep watch while she relieved herself, most of the rest of the group would probably be on board with that, though she would be loath to tell Jay she had to go, he might just watch her...

Fortunately, Jay was not the first person her path intersected, unfortunately, it was Jake the dragon, that kid did not like deviating from the plan for any reason, even one as urgent as this.

Still, it was worth a shot. Their paths met next to a grassy patch with lots of plant life growing, including some trees and shrubbery. While Allison detested the idea of simply exposing herself to go outside like that, this area would provide plenty of cover.

As the two met, they exchanged the usual information, "Nothing big enough to report on my end," Jake said, not even looking at Allison, "Anything unusual on your part?"

"No." Allison responded, "All clear." Jake was about to take off toward the rooftops like he always did, but Allison stopped him, "Wait!" She shouted, "Can you stay here and keep watch for a little bit while I...um..." She hesitated, trying to find a way to say this, "Use the bathroom?" She asked.

"No." Jake said, pretty bluntly. He then again started to take off.

"What?" Allison shouted back, "Come on, please, I really need to go!"

"You know what teacher said," Jake responded, "We must remain vigilant, we can't deviate from the path. You'll just have to hold it." Jake said with sincere disinterest. He then took off before Allison could say anything else.

"You've gotta be kidding me." Allison mumbled to herself. She bit her lip and stomped her foot as she saw the dark figure of Jake fade into the dark. She looked at the bushes, but again, what could she do? She couldn't just leave her route, so she just continued on her route, desperately trying to hold on. She couldn't believe that kid. Then again, Jake was a dragon, they probably didn't need to worry about needed to use the bathroom too often, did they? Well, that was neither what Allison needed or wanted to be thinking about at this moment.

It wasn't much longer before the hand between the legs was more than optional assistance, it was necessary for Allison to hold on, she didn't care who saw her!

She also slowed down on her consumption of pop, only taking occasional sips, and even then, actually drinking very little.

This didn't seem to slow her mounting desperation one bit, however, as Allison continued to feel worse and worse. She soon had to walk in awkward baby steps so she could keep her thighs pressed together.

After only a few minutes of this, there was a spasm of pain through Allison's body, she had to stop walking, using all her strength to stop from wetting herself. Still, a few spurts managed to come out, producing a small wet spot in her panties. Allison frantically looked around, this was bad, she wasn't sure how much longer she could hold it in!

Allison noticed no one was around, and there was an alleyway just ahead, fortunately part of her path. 'Forget vigilance,' Allison thought, 'I can't concentrate like this, beside, it'll only take a minute.' Even though a minute was time for plenty to happen in magic, Allison really didn't care about that.

Allison looked down at the bottle in her free hand, gross, but it would have to do. Allison quickly gulped down the last two or three swallows that were left in the bottle. Instantly, Allison's whole body lurched forward to prevent another quick spasm from becoming a full-on flood.

Alright, she had the container, she had the resolve, now all Allison needed was some place to hide while she did her...business. She looked around the alley and noticed a few trash cans sitting next to a dumpster, there was just enough room for her to squeeze between them, excellent!

Allison then started to put her plan into action. She looked around and noticed no one was there, then she hid between the garbage cans and the dumpster, being sure there was no way she could be seen from either side, hopefully no one looked out their windows. She then pulled down her jeans and underwear and squatted down. She removed the cap from the bottle and tried to line it up, she had never done this before, but desperate times call for desperate measures, as it were.

She took extreme caution when lining up the bottle, and when she thought she had it right, there was suddenly some strange noises nearby.

'Oh, no, not now!' Allison thought, both distressed and annoyed, thinking it was some magical creatures causing trouble.

She set the bottle down, pulled up her pants and stood up, looking on to see what was happening, both of her hands held out ready to toss a spell. For a second, Allison was actually able to completely forget about her intense need to pee.

She looked around and saw nothing, so she walked out of the alley and looked around a little more. Turns out, it was just two guys messing around on the streets, they were probably creatures, but not dangerous ones.

As soon as that realization set in, Allison's adrenaline cooled, she remember her bursting bladder. In fact, Allison noticed something, a strange wet sensation between her legs...

No way! Allison threw her hands between her legs. Turns out, forgetting her bursting bladder didn't necessarily mean that it wasn't still bursting.

Allison managed to get it under control, but not before quite a bit could escape. Allison could feel it, the crotch of her panties was thoroughly wet, and there was a small, but noticeable, dark spot on the front of her jeans. She could feel some of the pressure released, but at the same time, keeping it held after letting some out made her feel worse.

Allison was about to run back into the alley and resume where she left off with the bottle, but there was a guy walking through he alley! Allison couldn't just run back there with him standing there, and he was moving too slow for her to just keep waiting.

Allison stood there, wiggling around desperately, shifting from one leg to another, when she realized waiting for this man was not possible for two reasons: She needed to get back on her watch, if she wasted too much time, she might cause a panic, also, she wasn't sure she could just stay in one place too much longer.

So, she resumed her route, but she was far from vigilant. Allison was walking around, bent over, with both hands between her legs, taking awkward steps so she could keep her thighs tightly clenched. Her eyes were usually cast downward, but she occasionally looked around, though she barely could focus on anything else anyway. She could barely see, anyway, her eyes were starting to water from the intense pressure of holding it in. How she wished she had that bottle right now!

Soon, another ray of hope appeared, Allison was reaching another check-in point. This time, it was an actual human, even better, it was Rick, he was usually quite understanding and kind, surely he would keep watch for her.

When she reached the check-in point, this one in the middle of a nice public park, Rick was just standing there, waiting patiently for her.

"Hey Allison," Rick said, quite causally, "Anything to report from your end?"

"N-n-n-no, nothing big." Allison stuttered under the strain, "You?"

"Nope." Rick responded, he then looked at Allison's unusual stance, "You seem to be moving slower than usual tonight, is everything alright?" He asked.

"I...um..." Allison hesitated, "I really need to use the bathroom." She admitted.

"Oh," Rick responded, his right leg shifting forward awkwardly, "Well..." He said. He then glanced at his watch, then, to Allison's relief, offered before she had to ask, "Do you want me to stand and keep watch over the crossed paths while you go?"

"Yeah!" Allison quickly shouted. Normally, responding too fast or too loud was embarrassing for her, but she had to go too bad to care, "Thank you."

"No problem." Rick said, with a smile much wider than usual.

Allison then took off toward the bathrooms in the middle of the park, stopping every few steps to stop another painful spasm from becoming a full-on accident, she was too close to lose control now! She then got to the bathroom door and found it closed. She walked up and tried to open it, only to find it locked! That's right, they always locked these doors at night to deter any potential vandals.

Well, now what? Rick was already standing guard, and Allison wasn't sure if she could make it a few more minutes, let alone another hour! That just wouldn't be possible!

Allison quickly ran and jumped behind a nearby bush, she then stopped everything to focus all her energy to prevent something a little more than a quick spurt. She stood there for a second, shaking, after she managed to stop it, she looked down and noticed the dark patch on her jeans was growing and becoming more noticeable.

Allison started working on the button of her jeans when she heard something, some voices and footsteps, there were people coming this way!

Allison gasped and, without thinking, squatted down behind the bush so she was completely hidden from sight. If only teacher had worked with her on her illusion spells, she could just make herself invisible and relieve herself without anyone noticing. As it stood, she was squatting down, pants still up, both hands pressed firmly into her crotch, her legs forced together, and her chest pressing onto her legs, trying to do anything she could to help her hold it in, but to little avail.

The voices and footsteps just grew louder, the people were walking right by her, and they were casually strolling, which was not nearly fast enough for Allison. Well, now what? She couldn't stand up and yell at them or move to another spot, and she was too afraid of getting caught if she just pulled down her pants and started going now!

Allison sat there for maybe a minute as the people continued to walk on by, way too close for comfort, not that there was any comfort to be had.

Suddenly, Allison let out a gasp, there was an increasing wet feeling between her legs, accompanied by a slight hissing sound. She looked around and tried to do something, but there was really nothing she could do, it was coming out, she couldn't stop it!

Everything Allison had been holding back for the past three hours was now simply rushing out of her. She could feel the wetness spreading, starting as just a growing dark spot in the crotch, but it also started seeping around to the back. Allison started trying to get up, she didn't know why, it was just kind of reflexive. That just assisted the urine in spreading all around as it began to flow down her legs, leaving obvious traces on her jeans. It started to trickle down and form a puddle below her, she could even feel some of it leaking into her shoes!

Allison sat there, unable to do anything, for what must have been nearly two minutes. In the frightening embarrassment of this situation, everything seemed to stand still around her.

After she felt she was done, Allison stood up to assess the damage. She looked down, her pants were completely soaked below the waist and the inner half of both her legs were completely soaked, turning a darker color than they already were. A cold breeze blew through, just chilling Allison in her wet clothing.

She looked around and so no one, so Allison got out of the bush and started walking back to meet Rick, and she felt and heard the disgusting and amazing squish of her wet shoes and soaked socks.

When she met back up with Rick, he was waiting patiently, looking vaguely in her direction, "Is everything alright?" He asked, sounding slightly concerned.

"Yeah, I'm fine." Allison said, in a low, defeated, tone.

"Feel better?" Rick asked with a sort of half-chuckle.

"Kind of." Allison mumbled.

Allison then heard Rick sniffing pretty loudly, his eyes opened wide and a great smile showed up on his face, "Did you...?" He started to ask.

Allison just ignored him and started walking away, she could feel her face turning beat red as her shoes squished loudly when she ran off.

"Wait." Rick said as he ran up to catch up with her. "Hold on."

Allison only stopped when Rick actually caught up with her and placed a hand on her shoulder.

"I'm sorry about what happened," Rick said, "Let me help."

He then crouched down in front of Allison, his face uncomfortably close to her private area. Rick began moving his hand slowly over Allison's legs, not actually touching her. He really seemed to be savoring his time down there, the smile from earlier still obvious on his face.

"What are you doing?" Allison asked, staring to feel a bit disturbed. Something felt different, but she couldn't quite tell.

"Relax," Rick said, "It's a low-level spell, I'm just evaporating the...excess liquid," He explained, awkwardly, "I can't dry your clothes, but I can get it off your skin, you know, so you don't get a rash or something."

Allison wasn't entirely sure about the accuracy of any part of that statement, but she did feel a little better as Rick finished up. Rick then stood up and ran back to his path, Allison also quickly returned to her route.

The rest of the night went through rather mundanely, Allison avoiding any eye contact with Jay as she met up with him for the final check-in, and staying off to the side when the group reported back to teacher. The teacher looked Allison over, but he said nothing.

Allison got home as quickly as she could after that, and got out of her wet pants and panties as quickly as possible, changing into her pajamas to fool her mother and make it look like she was in bed all night. Allison sighed as she looked at her wet clothes, she was going to wear them to school that day, but that wasn't happening now.

Allison grabbed a new pair of pants and realized she didn't have any other clean pairs of underwear, looks like she was going commando to school today.

She then gathered her clothes and took a shower, just glad to finally wash off and leave that night behind her.

