Marin's Desperate Journey With Link

Author: facade

*000*2011-06-15 22:31

This is a story based off the game Zelda: Link's Awakening

. It follows the part of the game where Link goes to find Marin so she can assist him with a part of his quest. The video of this part of the game can be found

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ZOoRQJCvg3I?feature=oembed".

I have also taken the liberty of linking some of the elements of the story that are specific to the game to its reference on zeldapedia, for people who are unfamiliar with the game's story.

Question: Why is Link's dialog not seen in this story?

Answer: In The Legend of Zelda series, Link's words are not seen by the player. What Link says in the game is merely implied by the NPCs that he talks to. I stayed loyal to this aspect of the game as it wouldn't feel right to me had I done it otherwise.

%marindesp.txt

###

At the Toronbo Shores of Koholint Island, a cool spring breeze flowed through the air as were the caws of many sea gulls flying in the mid-afternoon sky where the sun never seemed to set, no matter the time of day. Deep in thought, Marin sat upon an old wooden log that was buried half-way in the sand, adorned in her light blue dress that extended only a few inches past the knee-line, and red sandals. The wind blew through her long auburn hair that was decorated with a single red Hibiscus flower. Her thoughts dwelled on Link, the boy she found washed up on the same shore nearby where she sat. Marin hoped she would have the opportunity to see him again soon and tell him about her thoughts.

As Marin sat with her hands resting on the log on either side of her, a familiar urge struck her lower abdomen. She was alone, so she began to lift up her dress to empty her bladder, but before she could hike it up far enough to squat, she heard a rustling sound in the prairie next to the shore and dropped her dress before turning around to see the cause of the noise. A smile came to her face as she saw Link

, dressed in his usual green tunic and brown leather boots. His yellow hair was covered by a green pointy cap. Marin was so happy to see Link that she decided to wait a while before she attended to her bladder since it wasn't an urgent need yet.

“Oh, Link, I'm glad you found this place. Will you stay and talk to me for a while?” She said to him in a calm voice. Link nodded in agreement as they both sat down onto the log and looked out into the sky where the sea gulls continued to make their presence known with their soothing calls. Link wasn't sure of what to say to Marin and had an almost emotionless look on his face, he only knew he needed Marin's help to continue his adventure. He stared off into the clouds as Marin spoke to him.

“I wonder where these coconut trees come from? ...Tarin says there is nothing beyond the sea, but I believe there must be something over there... When I discovered you, Link, my heart skipped a beat! I thought, this person has come to give us a message...”

Marin turned to look at Link briefly, who seemed to not be paying attention and again she felt her bladder calling to her but she ignored it. She never got to see much of Link as he was always busy with some quest that she didn't quite understand, so she didn't want to waste any time that she had with him. She looked up to the sea gulls in the sky and spoke again.

“... If I was a sea gull, I would fly as far as I could! I would fly to far away places and sing for many people! ...If I wish to the Wind Fish

, I wonder if my dream will come true...” She said as she cupped her hands into her chest. Again, she looked to Link and couldn't tell if he was listening to her or not.

“Hey! Are you listening? Link, are you listening to me?” She sternly said with a concerned look over her face. Link nodded with a smile, not saying a word. Marin became calm again and a smile grew on her face. She found him so fascinating and felt that there was something special about him but couldn't quite put her finger on it.

“I want to know everything about you...Err...Uhh, Ha ha ha ha!” Marin blurted out and immediately became embarrassed about what she just said. She turned away from Link and blushed a light shade of red on her light colored cheeks. She was soon reminded of her bladder's growing urge and thought it would be a good time to excuse herself as it was getting to be a bit of an annoyance. She stood up and turned to Link, who also stood up. Before Marin had a chance to speak, Link requested her assistance with a sleeping walrus blocking the path to the Yarna Desert

.

“Hunh? The walrus wants me to go to him?” Marin said as she looked at Link, she knew she should take care of her business before she set off with Link but she decided against it. She thought she could hold it until they arrived to their destination and found a private place somewhere to pee.

“It doesn't matter, I will go with you to him...” She said as they departed off together, away from the beach and through the Ukuku Prairie

.

As they walked, Marin stayed close to Link and they passed a wooden sign along the path that read: "This Zelda fan-fiction was written by antifairy of omorashi.org." Neither Marin nor Link understood what it meant so they continued forward. There were many monsters that Marin was always afraid of whenever she had to go through here, but with Link she felt safe; he took them all out with graceful skilled slashes from his sword and protected Marin on their journey, which took longer than Marin had originally imagined. Her need to urinate was growing constantly and becoming quite uncomfortable for the young girl's small bladder. She was tempted a few times to ask Link to stop so she could relieve herself in the bushes, but she was determined not to interrupt the little time they may have together.

“Link...? How much further do you think we have to travel?” She dared not tell him about her need as she thought it might make her look silly in his eyes and began to regret not excusing herself before they left. Link reassured her that it wasn't much farther, but she knew Link's definition of long distance was much different than hers since he was so used to traveling by foot. Marin let out a disappointed sigh but tried to think about other things to put her mind off her growing desperation, which was getting more difficult as they neared the desert entrance. She could feel the urine in her bladder sloshing around and pressing to come out harder with each step she took.

Another half hour passed by and Marin's problem had doubled. She waddled behind Link with her right hand pressed against herself between her legs. Her need was definitely urgent now, and she knew she wasn't going to be able to hold out much longer without relief. Marin thought about what she should do at this point, as much thought as she could afford to keep off of her full bladder. She wouldn't be much of a help to Link if she had to concentrate on her bladder when they arrived to the sleeping walrus and she most definitely didn't want to risk having an accident in front of Link. This thought made her blush with embarrassment so Marin decided it would be best to stop Link so she could take care of her urgent business.

She placed her free hand on Link's shoulder and stopped him in his tracks. “L-Link?” Link turned around and looked over her with a concerned look on his face. Marin immediately realized he could see her holding herself like a young child. She blushed and removed her hand, causing a small stream of urine to escape her bursting bladder and make a tiny wet spot in her underwear. Quickly, she closed her legs shut to keep from losing anymore, her legs shook from the pressure on her lower body as did her voice. “S-sorry... I'll be just a second.” She blushed as she turned away from Link and quickly made her way to a nearby bush with both her hands pressed between her legs. Link sat down on a boulder and waited for her return.

Marin was seconds from sweet relief as yet another spurt of pee jetted out into her panties and redampened the crotch with the warm, pent up liquid. “Ooh, I'm so close.” she mumbled to herself as she began to squat down. As soon as she started lifting her dress up, a spiny beetle hiding under the same bush she was next to, charged at Marin and pushed her down. Link already had his sword unsheathed and dashed at the creature, killing it with one quick slash. Meanwhile, Marin was so startled by the hideous monster that she could no longer keep control of her bursting bladder. Her bladder muscles forced open and all of her urine blasted out of her opening with great force.

“Nonono!” Marin cried out as she crossed her legs over each other and clutched herself as tight as she could, but it was no use, she couldn't stem the flow that drenched her underwear and dress. She closed her teary eyes as she completely had an embarrassing accident right in front of Link and became filled with humiliation and shame. Her pee finally came to a dripping halt as she sat on the grass and covered her eyes with her hands, the scent of urine passing through her nostrils. She couldn't bare to look at Link right then, having just soiled herself like a little kid, but she soon felt the warm touch of his hand on her shoulder. Marin uncovered her eyes and looked up at Link, who gave her a smile and lifted her up by the pit of her arm. She looked at him with shame but Link reassured her that it was okay and she threw herself into his chest and hugged him.

Link grabbed her hand and Marin calmed down and grasped his, feeling a lot better that Link wasn't disappointed in her at all. Link led her a little ways further and stopped at the outskirts of Animal Village

, where the entrance to the Yarna Desert was, as well as a large slumbering walrus that blocked the entrance. By then, Marin's clothes had dried mostly and was it difficult to tell that she had wet herself. Marin looked at the sleeping walrus and let go of Link's hand.

“Yes, it's that lazy walrus! Shall we give him a little surprise?” She said, smiling at Link who also smiled back and nodded. With that, Marin put her hands up to her chest and began to sing the Balled of the Wind Fish

, the song that made her well known to many people, even animals. Suddenly, the walrus began moving and Link looked towards it as it woke up from it's slumber before beginning to dance with Marin's song. Before she could even finish, the walrus jumped with excitement and dived into the nearby bay.

“Aha ha ha! Wow! He certainly woke up with a start!” Marin said after she cut herself off. Link smiled as he was finally able to continue into the Yarna Desert to proceed with his quest. But before he could walk away, Marin grabbed both of his hands and pulled him in closer to her body. Link, unsure of what to do or say, gazed into her eyes as Marin pressed her lips against his and gave him a soft kiss before she pulled away and smiled sweetly at him. Link, quite startled by her sudden display of affection could only smile back at her. “Link... I..” Marin began to say, but before she could get all of her words out, a lone rabbit from Animal Village hopped up behind her and called to her. “Hunh?” Marin turned around quickly before looking back to Link.

“Oh, he's calling me... It's the same as always... Ha ha! Link, I'm going to the Animal Village! Please drop by, okay?” She said to Link before letting go of his hands so she could go with the eager rabbit to sing for the village animals. Marin gave him one last smile before she followed the rabbit's lead to the garden near the village. Link smiled back, watched her as she left until she was out of sight, then turned around and headed into the desert.

###

Also, I found

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/oCsoXv0Kp4I?feature=oembed" depicting Link and Marin in various scenes of affection. People that are well familiar with Link's Awakening know that Marin is infatuated with Link but she is too shy to admit it.

*004*2011-06-16 00:37

{{: 

Another great story. There's not a whole lot to say -- I think the green text makes it less readable than it would be (and it makes me feel like I edited it in), but the links help. On the other hand, nice to see you are using directed quote marks, those will make this story easier to typeset if I ever feel like it.

Now, with the stylistic matters out of the way: I think the story would have been better if you had specified what Marin had drunk previously. I was certainly amused by your portrayal of Link (I don't know much about Zelda, so perhaps I was mistaken about the intent, though). I think the story could do with more direct dialogue, but it's also fine as it is.

}}

Thanks, I have added at the beginning of the story why Link's dialog is not seen (I can't believe I forgot to mention that). I lightened the green color as well. As far as what she drank, I didn't mention that as I started the story with her at the shore of the beach as in the game. It can only be implied that she drank something before she went to the beach to begin with.

{{: 

I rather liked this story. It was short and straightforward, but fairly descriptive-and I'm always particularly fond of artwork and stories that depict familiar characters from video game sor animation.

}}

Link's Awakening is my favorite game of the series, which is why I focused my story on it. I really tried to make this story as close as possible to the original game while adding in original content, aside from Marin wetting herself. (Wouldn't we love to see her do that in the game? :x)

*006*2011-06-16 16:25

{{: 

I liked the story, and I love that you kept true to the character design of Link, not having him actually talk and the limited range of facial expressions (don't know if that was on purpose or just happened).

}}

Yes, all of that was intentional (and also a good excuse to be lazy).

*009*2011-08-12 10:36

{{: 

Ah, Link's Awakening. My first Zelda game now perfectified (this isn't a word? Huh!) by such a great story. Although, when in the game does it mention Marin being infatuated by Link? She is interested in him because he is from off of the island. Are you maybe referencing the photo's in the DX version? I've never played that so I wouldn't know about them. I'll get it when I have $6 for the 3ds virtual console.

}}

Its pretty much implied, not actually said. When Link saved her from the monsters on the bridge on the way to turtle rock, she was about to say something to him before Tarin called her.

*011*2011-08-30 01:04

{{: 

Exelent story. Besides majoras mask, That's the single most caracture I've ever seen from him, or read from him. I like how he doesn't talk! Classic, and the green text is nice too.

}}

Caracture = character? What do you mean by that anyways? Yes, as an avid Zelda fan, I must stick to that guideline that he doesn't directly speak.

