The Bladder Ring (Gravity Falls Fanfic)

Author: Kamie

*000*2019-06-21 00:47

It was very hot day in Gravity Falls. Mabel just woke up, put on t-shirt, pink panties, blue shorts. Usually she wore sweater, but it was too hot today. Mabel had a dream, which remind her about one creature which she saw. She went to her uncle Stanford's secret lab to ask him about it.

"Hi uncle Stanford, I just reminded myself ab-" Mabel started talking, but Stanford stopped her, without looking at Mabel.

"I'm doing somethimg very important now, can you come back later?" He told her. While Mabel was going out, she noticed a golden ring. It had piece of gold shaped like a droplet attached to it. She just took it without telling her uncle about it. Mabel instantly put it on, it was looking really cool for her. She went over to cash, to show Wendy her new ring.

"Oh it's really cool. I had one similiar few years ago" Said Wendy.

"Maybe you want to try it on?" Suggested Mabel.

"Sure, why not" Said Wendy and put on the ring.

Meanwhile in Mabel's and Dipper's room....

Dipper was reading the second notebook, where were all kind of rings and cursed stuff. He stopped on page with "The Bladder Ring". On the page was drawn ring with droplet attached to it.

"The Bladder Ring has a lot of functions. When weared, it makes everything drank by the user (Only female user, male user has other options to use) go almost instantly into her bladder. First two womans who wear the ring will have their bladders connected. It means that whenever one of them starts peeing, the second woman is also starting peeing and whenever one of them drinks anything, their bladder will start to fill, like it was one for both of them. To disconnect their bladders they have to stand completly naked in front of some male human, who will have the ring. After they do that, they must start peeing. The man with ring must put the ring on his hand as close as possible to both of their crotches while they are peeing.

After he does that, he must catch both of their crotches and say mutcennocsid mureddalb. The thing changes when man wears the ring. He can use it to make woman start peeing. The only thing he has to do is to touch atleast once woman who he wants to pee herself with the ring and whisper her full name to the ring. The previous user of the ring said that he has a lot of them. We met each other while I was stuck in different dimensions, he went out of some green portal and dropped it. After short conversation he gave me it for lending him my memory eraser." It was every information about the ring. " It would be so cool if I had to disconnect Wendy's and someone's bladder..." He thought.

"Can I have it back?" Mabel asked.

"Yeah, sure" Said Wendy and gave Mabel back her Ring. She felt her urge rise after wearing the ring, but she was ending her job for today in 15 minutes. Mabel felt the same urge and went to the toilet. She sat on the toilet and started peeing with full force... In the same time Wendy felt her jeans getting wet. She was peeing and couldn't stop it, no matter what. After a minute Mabel stopped peeing. Wendy also did. After Mabel went out of the toilet, Wendy ran to it and changed her clothes to a one piece red swimming suit which she had in her backpack. She wanted to go to swimming pool anyway. Mabel saw her going out in swimming suit.

"Wait, we can go to the pool together!" She said. "I'll call Dipper!"

"Okay Mabel, I'll wait." Said Wendy. She was so glad that no one noticed her peeing herself. She still wondered why she peed herself just like that... After a while Mabel and Dipper had their swimsuit on. After a hour in the pool they decided to go back to the Mystery Shack. When Mabel went out of the pool, Dipper noticed The Bladder Ring on her hand. After changing their clothes (Wendy's dried already) Wendy went to the toilet. Dipper was looking at Mabel's crotch to see if bladders of his Sister and Wendy were connected.

And after a while he was sure that their bladders were connected because Mabel started peeing herself. Her blue shorts quickly went dark, her legs quickly started getting wet and ber face went red. She was emberrased because of that, but also pleased at once. She was really into wetting herself. During summer she sometimes was peeing her panties, standing in the shower. It really turned her on. Dipper was very, very excited about that. When they reached Mystery Shack (No Wendy or Dipper decided to make fun out of Mabel) Dipper asked them both to follow him. He leaded her to his room, closed the door with key.

"Mabel, your Ring is not a normal ring..." He said.

"Yeah it's beauti-" She said, but he interrupted her.

"It's magical. Wendy have you wore it?" Dipper asked.

"Yeah, why you asking?" She answered.

"Well, you see your bladders are connected now..." He said.

"I don't believe you. Prove it." Said Mabel.

"Okay, drink this..." He handed her a bottle of water. Which she drank instantly.

"Oh, I have to pee now really bad" Said Mabel. "But I still don't believe you"

"Well, Wendy can you please leak a bit into your panties?" Dipper asked her.

"O-okay" Wendy said, her face gone red but she has done that. Small wet spot appeard on her, and Mabel's crotch.

"Okay I believe you now..." Said Mabel.

"How do we disconnect our bladders?" Wendy asked.

"Oh... Now do what I say. Trust me, I've readen about that." Both girls nodded. "Okay, Mabel give me the ring." Mabel gave him the ring, Dipper has put it on his left hand. "Okay, now get completly naked"

"Not even panties or bra?" Mabel and Wendy asked.

"No, not even it." Said Dipper. Girls both went to the point where they had only panties and bra. They slowly took it off, hiding their breasts and vagina.

"Take hands off your crotch..." Said Dipper who was very excited. Girls done it, both red faced. "Now start peeing. I'll have to put my finger with ring very close to your crotch, so don't mind it." He said. They started peeing. Wendy with spreaden legs, Mabel with legs very close to each other. Dipper quickly put his finger with ring where Wendy's urine was coming out from. She moaned.

"Oh Dipper, you naughty boy" She said. Then Dipper has put the same finger where Mabel's urine was coming out from. She was really emberrased and moaned. After that Dipper said "mutcennocsid mureddalb". Both girls stopped peeing. Her bladders were disconnected.

"Thank you Dipper" They both said.

"No problem" He said.

"I'll give the ring back to uncle..." Said Mabel.

"I'll do that" Said Dipper. In fact after girls went out of the room he kept the ring and put invisilibity charm on it, so he could wear it everytime.

I'll maybe do another part of Dipper (ab)using the ring soon.

