Lizzie is Leaky

Author: Quackduck

*000*2023-02-20 04:01

Doing the Dishes Before the Morning Pee

I woke up around seven, rubbed my eyes and finished the glass of water by my bed. I’m always parched when I wake up in the morning. My bladder was full and my head kind of hurt. I got out of bed and went to the kitchen to refill my glass and drained it while I stood there, my body waking up and my headache receding. I filled the glass with orange juice and cooked myself some eggs and toast, casually leaning side to side as I did so. I was starting to urgently have to pee, but my bathroom routine routinely came after breakfast. Brushing your teeth before eating is like wiping your ass before you take a dump. I don’t quite see the point.

I topped off my orange juice before I sat down with my breakfast, being pretty fidgety by this point. I watched stuff on my phone while I ate, my feet tapping around constantly. I was halfway done with the plate when I gave my crotch a squeeze for the first time. That’s about when my roommate woke up for work.

She came in rubbing her face and yawning. I was up because I’m a morning person. She was up for work, and if the past is any consideration, she’s not happy about it.

“Mornin’ sunshine!” I exaggeratedly greeted.

“Morning,” she mumbled through her palms. She looked around the kitchen. “Aw, thanks for asking if I wanted some eggs, too.”

“Hey, I don’t know your work schedule, I didn’t-“

“Can you at least just clean your dishes this time? I don’t want eggs, I actually just want to not do your dishes when I get back from work.”

“Alright, jeez,” I said, my legs tightly crossed as I jiggled in the seat.

She glanced at my bottom half. “And go to the bathroom! I don’t understand why you don’t just go when you need to!” She took a pop-tart out of the pantry and went to the front door to put her shoes on. “I’ll see you later.”

“Bye,” I called back, my hand squeezing between my thighs the moment the door shut. I finished my food, and bounced my butt against the chair a couple times before I got up. I needed to pee really badly by this point. I dropped my plate and silverware in the sink and decided to do the dishes right then and there out of spite.

At this point, you may be wondering why I don’t just bolt to the bathroom before I pee my pants. I think there’s a few reasons, but for the most part, it’s that I just don’t mind the feeling. It’s… uncomfortable, sure, but I’m never gonna do any real damage to my body because I’d leak out way before that happened. And I’m not gonna have an accident because of the consistent, intermittent leakage that comes as a byproduct of my full bladder. By the time the next leak comes, the last one has already dried. Bathroom breaks are annoying. I honestly think I’m pretty lucky to have relief at my doorstep at all times like this.

So all things considered, I grabbed the sponge and the dishsoap and got to scrubbing.

I was doing a full blown potty dance. I stepped side to side, gyrated my hips, hopped in place, rubbed my thighs together and stuck my butt out… Anything my body wanted to try to release some of the discomfort with. My urge to urinate was seriously screaming from the warm water on my hands and the sound of the splashing. I wanted desperately to hold myself. The water began to fill up to sink and I was soon wrist deep in a basin of warm, soapy water, the huge amount of liquid in my bladder begging to be let out.

A throbbing, urgent wave crashed over me while I was scrubbing the pan. I twisted my legs up like a pretzel and doubled over, squeaking and dropping everything in my hands as my body pushed out a couple second’s worth of urine into my underwear. I felt the warmth against my privates, settling in the fabric. I took a deep breath and steeled myself, reminding myself that I have full control of my body and the sooner I get this done, the sooner I can get on with my day.

When I finally finished, I sprinted up the stairs and into my bathroom with my hands in my crotch. I hopped from foot to foot as I frantically spread toothpaste on my toothbrush. As soon as it was in my mouth, I started peeing, rushed to the toilet, dropped my pants, and sat down. Fell onto it would probably be more accurate. “Mmmph!” I moaned, an explosive torrent splattering away in the toilet. I sat there and enjoyed my unbelievably blissful piss while I brushed my teeth. My bulging bladder deflated and my body shuddered with delight. I looked down to spit between my thighs and realized I’d pee’d all over the seat again. I wiped my crotch and butt, then the toilet seat, then my underwear.

There’s another reason I prefer to hold it in, actually. The relieving pee at the end of it all feels better than the best massage money can buy.

