Pokemon: Distress in Unova

Author: G-Force

*000*2012-05-08 01:43

Prologue - Just a Dream

Unova Pokemon League - the middle of the night

Caitlin shook back and forth in her bed with discomfort, unable to enjoy her much-loved sleep. The Psychic Pokemon around her shared in her unrest, though not her experience. The tight brown sheets of her bed prevented her from shifting very much, but that seemed to only made her predicament worse. Suddenly, in the dark of the night, all went calm. Caitlin's rocking back and forth ceased, and she finally seemed content in her sleep. However, this was merely the eye of the storm. Moments into the sudden calm, Caitlin awoke. She dozily gazed around her room, searching for the phenomenon which prematurely ended her rest.

Said phenomenon, though, was one to be felt rather than seen. After a few seconds she became aware of the warm sensation beneath her. Still half-conscious, this only served to confuse her. As she regained her composure she soon realized the true nature of this sensation, and that it was still emanating from between her legs. She lay there in horror, unable to comprehend what was happening having never believed it to be possible. Caitlin, the esteemed Elite 4 member and princess of the Battle Castle, wet her bed. The utter shock alone nearly caused her to faint (with assistance from her drowsiness), but instead she fell into a state of silent trauma... as all hell broke loose around her.

Well, so begins my first documented fanfic on this site. I apologize that the beginning's so short. I didn't have much time to write it, and its only purpose is to set up the rest of the story. I promise that further installments with be longer. Please tell me what you think in the comments. Constructive criticism is appreciated. ^^

Also, I have a question regarding the rest of the story. Now, I'm not a fan of male wetting and generally tend to avoid it, but would anybody like to see some later in the story? I'm sure that if enough people request it, I could try to fit one in. That's all for now. I'll try to post the next installment asap. Until then, be seein' ya!

*002*2012-07-13 02:29

After far too long, so continues my first documented fanfic on this site. Enjoy! ^^

Chapter 1 - Helping Hand

Unova Victory Road - late morning

"I'm staying here. Emboar needs to train," Cheren grunted. A mere few feet away, his beloved starter Pokemon tore through a pile of boulders with only its fists, prompting a small colony of Durants to scatter.

"If you insist," sighed Bianca, who shared with her Dewott a feeling of disappointment. However, there was a feeling that Bianca had which Dewott did not, but it was of no concern to her at the moment. Already treading up the hill towards the exit was Hilda, who cared not whether or not Cheren remained with them. Their current task was nearing its end, and she was in a hurry to get there. Seeing how far Hilda had gotten, Bianca quickly rushed to catch up with her, giving Cheren one more quick wave goodbye.

"Why must you always be in such a rush?" she asked Hilda. There came no response from the determined trainer, which Bianca merely shrugged off as distraction. After much travel, they had finally reach a plateau on the small mountain that was Victory Road. A ways ahead of them on the gritty plane rested a Pokémon Center, which for more than one reason was a sight for sore eyes. Just past it stood the tall structure in which the mighty Elite 4 battled (and in most cases defeated) all challengers: the Pokémon League. Hilda dashed forward, leaving earshot before Bianca could even begin her request to stop at the PC.

"Ugh, any idea why she insists on jumping into action so quickly, Dewott?" she asked her faithful companion, to which it replied with just a shrug. "Me either," she added.

Looking up at the towering fortress of a building in front of her, Hilda stood with much excitement and anticipation. She had been preparing for this day for weeks, months even, and now she would finally have the chance to face the Elite 4 head on. Moments later Bianca had finally caught up to her once again, and joined in her skyward gaze. Trying hard to keep her jaw from hanging open, Bianca asked, "What do you think it's going to be like? I bet it'll be tough." At this time Hilda would have jumped at the chance to give a sarcastic reply, but her distraction had let a powerful voice from behind steal away the opportunity to speak.

"Indeed, the Elite 4 are very tough. Few challenges have conquered their might." The voice belonged to Alder, Unova's Champion. Bianca and Hilda turned to greet him with excitement, and proceeded to exchange talk of their respective journeys. They told stories of various trainers they had faced and Pokémon they had encountered, completely forgetting about the next step that lay just ahead.

"So, I suppose you girls are here to take the Pokémon League challenge," Alder asked, turning the subject back to its starting point, "I'm both glad and impressed you made it this far."

"Actually, it's just Hilda," Bianca corrected, "Dewott and I are here for moral support." Alder nodded in understanding and replied, "Well, it's nice to know you'd come all this way to support a friend. You two must be very close." The young trainers exchanged glances, both somewhat confused by Alder's comment. He ignored the gesture, however, and went on to explain, "Unfortunately, I'm sorry to say that the Pokémon League Challenge is closed until further notice." Hilda's mouth fell open with aversion, unable to find the words to express her anger and disappointment.

"Why is the League closed, Alder?" Bianca asked, "Is there something wrong?"

Alder paused for a brief moment to think, and then answered, "There's been an incident with one of the Elite 4. We're not sure why yet, but a strange psychic anomaly has formed from within her chamber, and it's far too dangerous to allow any challengers in." Hilda's next action spoke louder than any word, as she let out her Serperior who shared in her desire to help. It may have been simply a want to reach her goal quicker, but Hilda knew that she could turn down the chance.

Alder and Bianca both immediately realized she was thinking and put on differing expressions: Alder's was a mixture of pride and whimsy at seeing such a compelled trainer, whereas Bianca's was a similar mixture of discomfort and worry. A feeling she had had before was now gradually returning, and it had become less than easy to ignore. She hadn't used a restroom since before Opelucid City, and her need to do so again was growing. Once again, having been stripped of her chance to request a stop at the PC, Bianca was left outside as Hilda had rushed into the Pokémon League building, ready to go.

"Come on now," Alder began, gesturing Bianca forward, "Let's go inside and see if we can lend your friend a hand." Bianca sighed and silently headed in, having a nervous trust in her ability to hold on. Hopefully this little sidetrack wouldn't take to long. Hopefully...

And voilà! Chapter 1 is finally here, and the story is officially under way. I hope you all enjoyed this installment, and be on the look out for the next in the slightly near future. Remember to leave comments and criticisms, so I can make the rest of the story as well as possible.

*005*2012-07-13 22:51

Glad to see people are enjoying it. The whole "silent protagonist" joke is something I always like to play around with. Not sure how long I'm going to be able to keep that up, though. Who knows what the future of this story will bring. Even I'm a little excited to see where I'll take it XP

