Janitor's Desperation

Author: editine

*000*2013-12-29 06:59

Elizabeth has worked as a road sweeper for five years. Where she worked, she often had to go on the early shift, which started at seven in the morning. On that particular morning, she heard the weather forecast on her radio, which said that the day will be hot and humid. On getting up to hear the news, she felt a bit thirsty, so she poured a glass of chilled water and drank it down.

Despite trying to keep herself cool while she got a shower and got dressed, she felt thirsty again and her throat was dry, so she got poured another glass of water and drank it. After she had changed into her dark green- coloured uniform, she felt more thirsty than ever, so she poured herself a large glass of orange juice, and drank it. When she left her house, she felt the air was cool at this early time.

She managed to take the early bus, which had all the windows left open. It was only a twenty minute ride until she got off at a stop just outside her depot. She was the only woman among thirteen other male road sweepers, including the handsome supervisor, Arthur, who she secretly fancied.

“Morning, Elizabeth,” Arthur greeted her.

“Hi, Arthur,” she greeted him back.

Within a few minutes, she got her equipment, brooms, shovel and bags, putting them on the barrow ready to do her work. She suddenly felt a slight need to wee…she felt her large belly which was full of fluid inside, but she tried to ignore it as she went to her daily round.

Unfortunately, less than one hour into her round, she started to fidget slightly while she was sweeping her roads. Where she worked there were plenty of toilets to choose from, but they weren’t open until a couple of hours later.

As the shift wore on, Elizabeth was finding it more difficult to concentrate on her sweeping as the growing pressure in her belly started to build up. She was beginning to make mistakes, and kept on missing piles of litter in some roads. She needed to go quickly, but forced herself to wait for any toilet to open. As all of her roads were residential, there weren’t any alleyways for her to hide in.

By then, the pressure in her bladder got worse…and so did the weather, which was getting warmer, making her feel more thirsty, so she bought a big bottle of mineral water from the newsagent and gulped down large amounts at a time.

As the weather got hotter, Elizabeth became more sweaty… and the pressure in her bladder became unbearable. She stopped several times to bend double and discreetly grab her crotch. There were times when she had to hold her urine while she was sweeping, but this had been the worse yet.

Relief seemed to be at hand when one of the public toilets at the corner of the park opened. She stopped everything and rushed to the toilets, only to see a sign on the door saying “Sorry, toilets not open, due to cleaning”. She was so desperate by now that she didn’t care that she saw the attendant was watching her grabbing her crotch tightly through her uniform trousers, and extremely bending double.

“Excuse me, when will you be finishing, I need to go so badly?” she asked.

“Er, I’m sorry, I’ve just started to clean them, so they’re not ready yet,” the attendant replied.

“Oh, please, I need to go now!” Elizabeth pleaded, yet despite the attendant having some sympathy of her plight, he felt he couldn’t let her go in. That meant that she had to walk slowly back her barrow in the street.

But before she got to the park gate, she had a huge spasm, which made her start to wet her knickers. She grabbed herself even more tightly, desperately trying in vain to halt the flow, but as soon as she looked down and saw the urine beginning to soak her inner thighs, she gave up and let it gush into her trousers. The urine soaked her knickers and drenched her legs big time.

When she finished letting go all of that fluid, she breathed a huge sigh of relief…but worse was to come...

“Elizabeth! What are you doing?”

She looked up to see Arthur, her supervisor, walking around with a couple of senior managers to look around the area. She felt embarrassed and her face turned red. What a terrible incident to happen to her during the day.

This is a story my friend wrote a few years back. She just sent me her entire collection for me to upload here.

I will upload more, enjoy!

