Peeing herself at the beach

Author: Quackduck

*000*2021-07-26 15:33

Kylie was fidgeting for most of the car ride to the beach, but it wasn't so bad when she was walking through the parking lot.

"I still have to change," one of her friends said. "Does anyone want to share a stall with me? There's always a huge line. It'll be faster."

"I can," Kylie offered. She wasn't embarrassed about peeing in front of her friend and only wanted the quickest relief possible. Once they got in line, though, she realized it wasn't a bathroom stall they were using. It was just for changing. The line for this was considerably smaller than the bathroom line, though, and she was about to be in the ocean anyway.

Standing still made it hard to hold it in, and she was getting nervous about how desperate she'd be by the time she got the chance to relieve herself. "I really have to pee," she said to her friend, in case she noticed the way she was squirming and stepping around.

"Pee in the ocean."

"That's the plan, chief."

She hoped it looked like she was just a fidgety person. By the time they were next in line for the stall, she couldn't hide it. She wasn't holding herself, but she frequently pressed a hand to her crotch to make it a little better, and she was constantly stepping around. Her cheeks were flushed red with embarrassment.

She noticed a sympathetic look from her friend. "I really gotta go," she laughed uncomfortably.

"We'll walk fast as soon as we get changed."

"I just don't want to pee myself," Kylie mumbled, putting her hands on her hips to try to hide her need. Her legs were still crossing and uncrossing.

The door opened and they went inside. Kylie tried to change as quickly as possible. She dropped her bag on the ground so she could dig her heel into herself as she pulled out her suit.

She marched in place as she took off her shirt and bra, sighing and putting her hands between her thighs as soon as her hands were free.

"This is giving me vibes of a bathroom," she forced a laugh.

"Are you okay?"

"It's getting really hard to hold it in," she said as she put on her bikini top. She gave herself a squeeze before taking off her shorts and underwear. "It hurts really bad."

"Okay, I'm dressed," her friend said. "Let's make a beeline as soon as you're ready."

Being naked from the waist down was too much. She was dancing madly as she figured out the right way her bottoms went, and locked her legs together when she felt herself leak. "Oh shit--!" One hand squeezed in between her legs and she stood frozen for a second.

"Hurry! You can make it. I believe in you."

Kylie could feel it dripping down her thighs. She frantically stepped into her bottoms and said "okay, let's go."

It was a brisk pace right out of the door. Her tight, full bladder didn't like the movement, but she couldn't wait any longer. By this point, Kylie was dying. A spurt didn't break her stride. A trickle made her stop and hold herself, but her friend didn't notice and kept going. She ran to catch up, the pee still coming out a bit and streaming down her legs. The leakage stopped once they got to the towel and she squeezed herself with both hands, crossing her legs tightly.

"Oh my god," one of her friends laughed.

"Shut up!" Kylie giggled, her face beet red. She let go of herself and shook her hands at her sides, stepping around desperately. "Please, let's go in the water. Can we go in the water?"

"Hold on! Is this where we want to be? The tide's gonna come up and get our stuff wet in like an hour."

"Ohhh..." Kylie groaned and held herself again. She was starting to leak again.

"I'm going to take Kylie to the water. We'll find you wherever," her friend she changed with said, grabbing her arm and leading her towards the shore. Piss was spurting out of her with every step. She let go before she even got there, clearish urine cascading down her legs.

"Are you peeing?" her friend asked without stopping.

"Yes!" They got to the water and she wasn't even halfway done.

"You can see it, you gotta squat down or something."

"Let's go deeper," she said. "Oh my god, this feels so good."

"You're still going!?"

Kylie nodded. It trickled to a stop by the time they were so deep they couldn't touch the bottom.

"Your pee baby was insane. I saw it when you were changing, not to be weird."

