School Days-Em's Tennis Match

Author: Princess Jury

*000*2011-04-03 05:08

Em was scoring major points in her tennis game. She laughed every time the other team thought they had an actual chance at winning this thing. She had a sunny yellow bow tied in her hair and a matching sunny outfit. Her top was white with yellow trim on the sleeves and collar. It was also so tight, you could clearly make out her breasts and nipples even though she was wearing a bra. Her skirt was pleated and matched the top, expect it was extremely loose. It sometimes fell down a little as Em ran to smack the ball. She also was wearing yellow armbands. It was practically windy that day, so every once in a while the players' skirts would blow, hence the number of males attending the game with camera phones at the ready.

Em ran as fast as she could and jumped up and smacked the ball so hard, it made a cracking sound as it made contact with the rack. Earlier, Em had drunk some more of the soda from the vending machine, plus a whole bottle of Gatorade in order to give her more energy for the game. "And Emily Wilson is tearing up the court with her fantastic tennis skills, leading the Ravens to victory once again this month!" the announcer reported. She loved her reporting job, but she loved it even more when something embarrassing, shocking, or scary happened out on the field so she can report every detail correctly, unlike most reporters who stretch the truth just so people will read it.

Em jumped up to smack the ball just as a giant gust of wind blew, revealing her pink lacy panties to the crowd. The reporter took no notice, but the crowd did. A couple of the boys snapped pictures. The clouds overhead were starting to darken, so the coach called a timeout just in case it rained. Em grabbed another Coke from the machine and starting drinking it. She noticed the reporter coming over to her. "Wow Emily, you were unbeatable in that game!" she applauded. Em swallowed and nodded. "But the game isn't over yet, you know. The coach is just calling a timeout to see if it rains or not." she stated, as if it was something she repeated every day.

"Well, I sure hope it doesn't. My readers want to know every detail, so it is my job to give it to them! The way it happened, exactly as it happens." Em groaned. She wonder why this girl had to repeat her motto almost every time she said something. The sun was starting to set in the distance, and the clouds still didn't let up. "Please tell me, how did you get so good in tennis?" the reporter asked. Em took another swig of the Coke and thought for a second. "Hmmm, well, I've been playing it ever since I was 10." she answered. The reporter immediately wrote it down. She was starting to ask another question, then the coach gave the symbol to start the game again.

Em drank what was left in the can, then threw it away. Grabbing her racket, she told the reporter: "Hey, game's back on. I'll answer your other questions later, alright?" She waved, then took her postion on the court. She grasped her tennis racket with both hands so hard, her knuckles turned white. "Bring it on," she whispered. The girl on the other side of the net started bouncing the ball, then she whacked it. A loud crack was heard and the game begun again.

The wind was blowing even harder now, so practically every second, someones skirt was up. The boys couldn't stop filming and taking pictures now. Em was hitting every single ball, ignoring her now bulging bladder. When she floated back down after jumping to hit the ball, she bended her legs and moved around a little. "Ugh, why didn't I use the bathroom before the first serve?" she asked herself. "Now I'll have to wait about an hour or more before I can go!" She jumped up just as a gust of wind blew. She smiled and winked as 3 more cameras flashed. "Might as well give them what they want," she thought.

She now had an even bigger urge. She moved from side to side, now fully bent over. She pretended that she was tying her sneakers, but people could still tell she was faking. She missed an easy shot when she was grabbing her crotch and people yelled at her. Even most of the crowd left since the wind stopped and nothing else interesting was happening. She crossed her legs and bent over, wiggling all parts of her body. Nobody glanced at her though, so she grabbed her crotch but managed to make a hit. Half of the boys came back, excited to hear a girl was getting ready to lose it directly on the court. Em was not going to give them what they wanted and removed her hands and stopped crossing her legs. She hit every single ball that came her way, a symptom of cracks coming from her direction. The sun was almost completely down, but since it was the middle of summer they weren't going to quit their game until about 8 or 9 PM.

Em glanced quickly at the bleachers and saw them completely filled again, probably because the boys wanted to see such a hot girl pee herself right there on the spot. She wanted them all to fall down a ditch and die. Now the pain in her bladder couldn't be ignored. "Oh, god. No!" she cried. Em grabbed her crotch and started the dance all over again. The boys kept whispering and nudging each other, no matter how many dirty looks Em gave them. "That chick's gonna lose control!" a boy yelled, loud enough for the whole court to hear. The reporter stared straight at Em, who was struggling to control her bladder and her racket at the same time. Just to Em's horror, the wind picked up again, so the boys were getting even hornier.

She wanted so much to race up those bleachers and smack them, but she couldn't leave her postion and plus, she had to go so badly she could barely move. Em dropped her racket, which made a loud CLANG! She grabbed her crotch with both hands and bent all the way over, tears in her eyes. The boys couldn't stop snapping pics now and Em wished they would just go to Hell. Didn't they care about her need? "Emily, grab your racket now or I will suspend you from the rest of the week's games." the coach demanded. Everyone looked at Em, half expecting her to drop her skirt and go right there in full view.

But she obeyed, removing both her hands slowly and grabbing the racket. The boys couldn't hide their disappointment and so started trying stupid ways to make her lose control. One boy took the cap of some flat, warm Gatorade and poured it all out onto the court, causing it to splash. "Ahhh, much better!" the boy called, after dropping the bottle on the ground. His friends giggled. Em was so mad right now, she couldn't even think straight. A huge gust of wind blew her skirt up once more, and in her effort to push it down, a spurt came out. She gasped and hit the ball once more, then crossed her legs. That shut all the boys up as they raced for their camera phones.

Em stared at the clock above the scoreboard, desperate for the game to end. It wouldn't end for 10 more minutes. Em groaned, knowing she could hardly hold it for one minute, let alone 10. Just as she jumped up to hit the ball, she felt a stream start and fell down, grasping her crotch in desperation. That was all the crowd needed. Em shook her fist at them angrily and got up to hit the ball once more. The stream ceased, and Em figured she was going to make it. Just then, another huge wind gust blew her skirt up as she hit the ball, and the stream started again. Her panties turned dark, and the stream flowed down her legs and onto the court, making a splashing sound. The court was dead quiet as she finished up.

She blushed a deep shade of red and tears came to her eyes. Her legs and thighs were shining in the moonlight and her panties were completely darkened from her crotch to her butt and her skirt was the same. Still nobody spoke. Em burst into tears suddenly and sunk to her feet. "I can never show my face in public again!" she wept, sitting in her own puddle of shame. "Everyone is just going to laugh at me now! Go ahead, laugh! Laugh! You know you want to, so just laugh already, damn it!" she yelled, more angry then embarrassed now.

Still nobody said anything. Em got up angrily, her skirt now more soaked from sitting in her pee. "So, you guys don't care that I totally peed myself?" she dared to ask. That set the crowd off. Everyone stood up and applauded, even the reporter and coach. "Huh? What? Why is everyone cheering?" she asked. One of the boys came over. "Well, normally we wouldn't but you accepted the fact you publicly humiliate yourself. Normal chicks wouldn't, so I guess you are cool for doing that." he said. One of her teammates ran over, holding Em's racket. "Yeah, I would've died if I peed myself in front of everyone, but you just demanded that everyone should laugh. You are so brave." Her friend whispered the word brave, then skipped off, exposing her panties. Some boys followed her and snapped pictures.

Em grabbed her tennis racket and duffel bag and the reporter stopped her. "Mind if I do a story on you?" Em shrugged. "Great! I can see the headline-Emily pees herself on the court and demands the crowd laugh." Em almost spit her water out. "I thought you were going to report the tennis game!" she cried. The reporter shrugged. "This seems more interesting. Well, bye-bye!" she said, then darted after Em's friend. Em was too tried to even care. She just wanted to get herself and her clothes into a nice warm bath, then drag herself to bed with sweet dreams. She smiled. "It's so much fun to pee myself." she said. She threw the water bottle away and walked home, the moon being her only light.

*002*2011-04-03 15:30

{{: 

This is simply amazing. I can't think of another way to describe it.

}}

Well, thank you very much. I'm glad you enjoyed it. I suggest reading the first School Days and also the next ones I'm writing in this series. :)

