The Random Adventures of Syia

Author: Infernal

*000*2012-04-11 09:36

I've been wanting to write a story for some time, but just can't seem to pull a coherent idea together and make it work in a way I like. So, finally fed up with this, I just wrote a random scene because I felt like I had to get something out. Just a quick scene, more or less - I'll add more of these if I write them. This hasn't been edited, so if you see typos or whatnot just let me know and I'll clean them up.

###

Syia just wanted to help, after all. She figured that, as someone who had been lucky enough to not need to work in order to support herself, that she should help repay society in some way, and it had come to her that she could be a sort of mysterious heroine, working behind the scenes to help the cops put away the bad guys. The idea struck a chord with her - she was pretty, and guys always liked to brag to pretty girls about their grand schemes. Syia was sure she could put her skills to use in helping ferret out the bad guys, and so tonight, that brought her to a well-known and somewhat notorious restaurant in the center of the city, sneered at by many as lowbrow because its waitresses were skimpily clad and busty, but Syia had heard that someone who was possibly of interest to the police frequented the restaurant. She was determined to help, and breezily brushed aside considerations such as the danger of thrusting herself into this situation without training or experience.

There had been an unusual string of incidents lately, all with a common thread. A city councilwoman investigating corruption had found her hearing interrupted numerous times by desperate flights to the toilet, delaying and disrupting the hearings so much that virtually no information could be gathered. A schoolteacher, beset by unusually intense bladder urges, had been forced to leave her class alone during a test and flee for the toilet, and accusations of cheating were dogging the school system. A female police officer had been forced to abandon her stakeout of a gang hideout due to unbearable pee desperation, and the members had escaped surveillance.

In Syia's mind, the only possible answer was that some as-yet unknown person or persons were facilitating these convenient bladder emergenices, but the incidents and the settings had been so widely varied that no one had been able to tie them together yet. This was just the sort of thing she ought to be good at - a little nosing around, a little bit of investigative work, and then a packet of incriminating evidence found on the desk of the city's police chief one morning, leading to the bad guys being busted. The chain of events fit together so well in Syia's mind that she didn't even consider that things might not go as she planned.

There was another element to it as well. A mysterious figure, orchestrating a series of curious bladder incidents, but without revealing motive nor method - there was a tinge of erotic mystery to the situation. Syia had a secret weapon in her little information hunt, the extra-large cola which she had bought and drank as she drove towards this restaurant to engage in her new, and very temporary, part-time job. She could already feel it working on her bladder as she went in through the back entrance, and changed into a skimpy tank top and pair of shorts that hugged her so tightly they felt like a thong.

A mischievous smile on her face, Syia passed on using the toilet, and got to work, in more ways than one. Syia knew her bladder wasn't very strong, the desperate urges would soon begin rolling in, and anyone who liked using bladder torture as their method of covering up foul play would be certain to have their eyes drawn to the squirming beauty. It didn't take very long at all for the pee pressure to begin.

It was a challenge for Syia, the blue-haired, busty woman whose clothing and hair styles could change on a whim. Though she needed glasses, she swapped them in and out for contact lenses as necessary - here, amongst other young and barely-clothed women, she opted for the contacts, and let her hair fall loose and wild down her back. Syia had a nice figure without being sticklike, and that was fully on display as she started to circulate amongst the warm, noisy room carrying trays of beer and chicken wings and french fries to (usually) groups of young men who seemed quite pleased to see her. Syia never failed to put on a good show, bending over at the waist whenever she could, winking at those who seemed to be tongue-tied and giggling at their blushes. Though she could have seen the stares and grins as rude, she chose not to. People often expected her to be embarrassed about herself and she could never understand why that should be.

The need to pee intruded on her thoughts. It started, as always, as a sort of warm pressure in her lower abdomen, a signal to her brain that she should start looking for an excuse to visit the toilet. Instead Syia began to press her thighs together and bounce slightly when she felt the urge begin to flare up, a delicious tingling that made the fullness radiate warmth to her whole body. She hadn't noticed anyone paying undue attention to her yet, but she was also yet to be truly desperate. That, however, was about to change. Catching the signal that it was time for a five-minute break, the sort of break that was usually used by the other girls for going to the bathroom, Syia instead got herself a mug of cola, and deliciously ignoring her bladder's distress signals, started to chug the drink. When she was done, and she stood up to start working again, the rush of caffeine slammed into her bladder, forcing Syia to suddenly cross her legs and grab onto a counter for support.

Here it came. A hammerblow of desperate sensations slamed into Syia's urethra, and though it subsided into a strong but manageable urge a few seconds afterward, Syia still had to walk in careful steps to avoid jostling her bladder too much. Now she was starting to attract attention, but the problem was she was attracting a lot of attention thanks to her desperate body language, and keeping herself from peeing, managing her heavy tray, and scanning the crowd to see if anyone stood out to her was extremely difficult. Thighs sliding back and forth frantically as she served more beer and chicken wings off of a tray, Syia walked quickly over to the next table, holding the tray down over her waist and subtly pressing its edge firmly against her urethra. "What can I get for you?" she asked, her smile a little tight and her voice sounding strained. The young man and his friends were consulting, but one of them piped up:

"A fountain!" he called out, and Syia blinked in confusion, the first thing coming to her mind being a gushing water fountain... and given the way the men snickered as Syia suddenly crossed her legs and bounced on the balls of her feet, it had been deliberate! "You know, something from the soda fountain," he went on innocently, and Syia had to awkwardly brace her notepad against the tray while keeping her legs crossed and maintaining her balance. The pee was coming too fast - Syia had had too much to drink, and instead of a nice and stately build-up to desperation, she had reached the point of true suffering too quickly! The others ordered beers, and Syia took down the orders as fast as she could, rushing back to the counter to call out, and experiencing a brief, fleeting relief as she leaned hard into the edge of the counter, pressing the wooden edge firmly against her crotch.

Syia's legs were always in motion. Even as she uncrossed her legs to lean against the counter, she balanced on one foot, the other sneaker-clad foot bouncing up and down, bending at the knee over and over again, before coming down to cross her legs again, making Syia twist in place as she waited for the drinks to be poured and sent to her. If she closed her eyes, it seemed, all she could hear was the background noise of conversation and eating, and it seemed to help, before one sound came to the forefront of her consciousness; the sound of liquids splashing into glass mugs! Abruptly she gasped and opened her eyes, feeling a hot tingling in her crotch, and Syia had to abandon dignity and squeeze with all of her might to keep from flooding... yet a single drop leaked, just one, not even enough to penetrate through her panties, just enough to dampen. All it left was a reminder of how badly she had to pee, teasing her peehole.

Standing still seemed to be worse than walking, because there wasn't even the task of serving to distract her from the almighty need to pee. Worse and worse it grew, until Syia was convinced her bladder must be showing, so heavy and full did it feel. Finally the drinks were ready, and Syia took them back to the table, putting on her waitress smile as she started to serve them - and realized she had one extra beer, which she held in her hand and scanned the table while wearing a somewhat blank expression, not quite realizing the problem at first. "That one's for you," one of the young men said, and they clinked their glasses together and looked at Syia expectantly, as the desperate female grew more and more awkward.

"I...I can't, I'm... working," she stammered, but now she had an extra beer, and didn't know what to do with it. Should she take it back? Just leave it here? She couldn't decide, and the soft chant of "drink, drink" from the people sitting at the table in front of her wormed its way into her mind. The quickest way to get rid of the beer would just be to drink it herself and take the empty glass back for washing, and so Syia tilted the mug to her lips and started to drink as fast as she could.

There was nothing else she could do now but drink and hold herself, drawing yet more eyes as they watched the beautiful girl, legs crossed and one hand jammed between her legs, breasts bouncing as she frantically bobbed up and down on the balls of her feet, try to down a beer in one gulp. Amazingly, Syia managed it, and though she belched embarrassingly upon finishing, what was even more embarrassing was the subsequent round of applause that rippled through the restaurant, ensuring that for a long moment all eyes were on her.

Syia fought it as hard as she could. If she peed herself then and there, everyone would know. There was so much liquid in her bladder that she just couldn't take it anymore, and all that was holding her pee in were her two hands now clasped over her peehole... She would never see who did it, never know why, but at that moment someone pulled back the waistband of her shorts from behind and dropped an ice cube into her panties, and the sudden cold made her shriek with surprise and leap almost a foot into the air.

When Syia came down, her shorts were rapidly growing dark with pee, and though Syia kept her legs crossed, pee streamed down them nonstop, her exhausted bladder no longer able to comply with her mind's demands to hold it in longer. A torrent came out, thoroughly soaking her tiny shorts, dripping onto the floor in a puddle around her, getting into her socks and on her shoes, everywhere. There was no stopping it, and total, embarrassing silence for almost the whole minute it took for Syia's bladder to empty itself out.

Breathing hard, as if she'd just run a marathon, Syia fled to the back room as someone called for a mop and bucket to clean up the mess, and flew into the bathroom, locking the door behind her, temporarily locking the world out as well. Syia looked into the mirror, taking in the sight of a once-desperate woman who had lost her fight with her bladder, and grinned. She would need to pee again soon, of that there was no doubt...

...and Syia loved to torture herself.

