Pokemon Omorashi epic! - Page 13

Author: Alexxx

*300*2013-09-26 01:36

(Sosososososo sorry for missing last week's update! ;_; I wrote more this week to make up for it. Don't hate me! "3)

(Josh's POV)

"Wait, why Outrage?" Nova inquired. I blinked, not being use to people questioning my choices.

"Um, it would do more damage than any other of your attacks." I quickly responded.

"He’s not like the others, Josh!" Nova explained. "He only has one hit point! Any attack would knock him out."

"Oh, right. Well, just hit him, I suppose. Use Ember?"

I can’t believe I just suggested using a fire attack on a water type…

“Char!” Nova cheered in agreement and charged at Frill, shooting a small blast of embers. Frill dove out of the way and retaliated with a blast of water, showering Nova.

“Dah!” Nova yelped, cowering.

"Nova, use Ember again!" I ordered.

Frill was faster, and dashed at Nova, sensing his hesitance. He snatched Nova’s arm, and simply hurled him across the field.

Nova crashed back to the ground; his mouth full of earth. He pushed himself up, and spat out the dirt. Frill charged again, but Nova was prepared.

“Squrr!” Frill shouted, narrowly blocking the Embers with a quick Protect. Nova shot more which Frill also avoided, and then used Protect against the third wave.

“Stand still!” Nova growled, shooting another sea of embers. Frill stuck out his tongue, hiding behind a small green Protect sphere. Nova charged, breaking the sphere with a clenched fist, and ran Frill through with his multicolored claws.

The white glow of Nova’s eyes went away, as he gazed at Frill with shock. Frill looked back with a dazed, but pleased look in his eyes.

"You’ve gotten better." Frill laughed as Nova’s claws disappeared into nothingness. "I’m proud of you."

With nothing to support him, Frill slumped on the floor unconscious.

“Cha.” Nova nodded to his fallen friend.

"Return." I beamed. Nova scurried to my side of the field as I drew another Pokéball.

###

"Go, Ivysaur!"

"Get ‘em, Static!"

Static beamed triumphantly, eyeing his new foe. "Standard set?"

"Nope. Fake out, then Hidden Power Ice."

"What? I thought that ice was weak to grass!"

"Nope. Stronger."

"…I swear, this changes every week." He grumbled.

"No, it’s been constant since…well, ever." I chuckled.

"I have no idea how you keep all this in your skull." Static shook his head in disbelief.

"Just trust me." I grinned. "Go!"

Static raced across the field, pounding his paws into the grass. The Ivysaur concentrated, shutting its eyes and firmly standing his ground. Static closed the gap between them in record speed, smashing his paws in front of the Ivysaur, stunning it momentarily.

“I…” The Ivysaur whispered, eyes opening and revealing a look of terror. Static grinned, sensing his opponent’s fear, and focused on his next attack.

“I FORFEIT!” Ethan cried, running in front of Static. Static awkwardly stumbled to a stop, falling onto the grass in an attempt not to attack the trainer.

The Ivysaur’s pupils were pinpricks now as he held his mouth open at an awkward angle. No sound came out, only the panicked ruffling of Ethan as he rummaged through his backpack. Ivysaur now had a bluish blush on his face, and both his eyes were fiercely shut. Ivysaur fell to his side, the bluish tinged overcoming his face as he curled in pain. Ethan swiftly grabbed some shining piece of metal from his bag, and pressed it into Ivysaur’s mouth. A puff of air went off, and everything seemed to relax.

"I…I didn’t…" The Ivysaur strained, obviously in distress.

"Shhh. Just breathe." Ethan commanded, still inserting the metal device into Ivysaur’s mouth. I stood to the right of the scene, still in shock.

What just happened?

“Sorry about that,” Ethan stood up, and dusted himself off. “Rather anti-climactic victory, but-”

“Anti-climactic?” I interrupted. “I don’t know what just happened, but I wouldn’t call it anti-climactic.”

“It’s…a personal affliction.” Ethan looked away. “I think he would prefer-”

"He stopped breathing." Nova answered. Everyone turned to the small reptile, including Ivysaur, who stared at him with a look of incredulity.

"Charmander?" He asked in awe.

"Hey Bulbas-, err, Ivysaur now, huh?"

"Yeah! Oh, hah, I guess you’re a Charmeleon, heh. It’s been so long!"

The two reunited in a quick hug, and were quickly chatting about the events that had transpired since their parting.

“Well, darn.” Ethan snapped his fingers. “Well, I guess we’re second. Fair is fair.”

“Hardly fair.” I frowned. “Forfeiting to save your Pokémon’s life shouldn’t be considered losing.”

“I might’ve made a fuss about it.” He shrugged, grinning. “But you really took a load off my mind for adopting that Charmander. I couldn’t take all three, and I felt sick about it for weeks. That Matilda lady was-”

“-A total bitch!” Me and Ethan finished at the same time.

“I know, right?” I responded, now enthusiastic. “She was terrible! Thank god she retired.”

“Did she?” Ethan asked. “Thank goodness. I sent a complaint to the adoption committee, but with all the red tape I just assumed…” He trailed off.

“Maybe it did help; maybe that’s why she had to retire.” I offered.

“How is the little guy?” Ethan asked. “Last time I saw him, he wouldn’t even willingly be in the same room as me.”

"I’ve gotten a little better." Nova blushed from his conversation with Ivysaur.

“Um, what?” Ethan blinked in disbelief.

"I said I’ve gotten a bit better." Nova articulated.

“You can…understand me?” Ethan looked down in shock.

“Woah!” I reeled. “I knew you could read, but…”

"Just a little bit. I can’t speak it of course, but I can listen."

“Oh, that is so cool.” Ethan laughed.

"T-thanks!"

I grinned. “Well, Ethan, I look forward to battling you again tomorrow night. It should be quite a crowd, hmmm?”

Ethan leaned back, his tired blue eyes flashing a look of uncertainty. “Ehhh.. I’m not sure. My Pokémon really wanted the lead, but failing at that they wanted to go to the Fuchsia Pond thing.”

“Fuchsia what?”

Ethan looked up. “The Fuchsia Pond…thing?”

I shook his head.

“How long have you been in Fuchsia?” Ethan smiled warily.

“Almost a full day?” Josh grinned sheepishly. “What should I know?”

“There’s some kind of pool-esc party some wild Pokémon are hosting.” Ethan sniggered. “No-humans-allowed. Apparently owned Pokémon are allowed in though, and it’s been all the fuss recently. It’s the same night as the show, of course.”

The gears in my head slowly began spinning. “Ethan, can you give me a second? Stay right here, okay?”

“Uh, sure?” Ethan gave me a queer look as I raced around the corner, and tossed all my Pokéballs onto the grass.

###

"Yes!" Static yelped, interrupting me.

"Static." I deadpanned. "You didn’t even let me say the other option."

"All I heard was ‘or’." He grinned. "‘We could go to the play or’. Which means there’s something else!"

"Yes, there’s something else." I sighed.

"Well, don’t leave us hanging." Skarr motioned for me to continue.

"There is some sort of no-humans-allowed get together-"

"I’m there!" Static squealed instantaneously.

"You don’t even know…" I growled, trailing off.

"All I know is that it’s human excluded. None of your smelly bodies stinking up the place." Static stuck out his tongue.

"Before we make a decision-"

"Josh?" Nova interrupted.

"Yes Nova?" I sighed.

"I don’t think you smell."

"Thank you Nova." I smiled wearily. "Anyway, before we make a decision, I think we should know more about it. And what better way-"

"I know about it." Myst shrugged.

"What?"

"I haven’t been to one in Fuchsia," She admitted. "But I have been to these. Essentially it’s just a whole lot of Pokémon getting together, chatting about life as a wild Pokémon or as a captured one, and re-connecting with lost friends."

"…That’s it?" I asked curiously.

"That’s it." Myst confirmed.

"Well, I’m still not sure if I’m comfortable-"

"Yes!" Static chirped.

I slumped to the floor groaning. "Can everyone pleaaaase stop interrupting me!"

"I haven’t interrupted you once." Starr pointed out.

"…Thank you Ska-"

"Not one time." He smirked evilly.

I groaned. Having to manage four Pokémon was harder than I had imagined.

"The situation is handled. Here." Skarr patted me on the head, then turned to face the group. "All in favor of attending this new event?"

Static’s paw shot up, along with Skarr’s wing. Nova shrugged, uncaring. Myst glanced at Nova, and equally shrugged.

"Two votes yes, two votes abstained. That’s a yes." Skarr nodded.

"…Thank you?" I more asked then stated. Skarr bowed. "Alright, let’s go tell Ethan he can have the first place spot."

###

“Wow, thanks! Only…” Ethan looked awkwardly at the ticket stub I was offering. “We, um…we all chose not to go.”

“What? But you wanted the spot!”

“They...they’re not big on plays.” Ethan sighed. “It’s a forgotten art. They all elected to go to the pond rather than…’sit and watch humans judge us’. I think is how they put it.”

“Well, I’ll just give it back then.” I shrugged, walking back in the pageant entrance.

“Wait!” Ethan cried out, his face looking confused as if it hadn’t expected his outburst. I turned, questioningly. “Um, so your Pokémon are going to be away tomorrow, as are mine, right?”

“Yeah?”

Ethan puffed out his cheeks, and let a slow stream of air out. “This is going to sound really gay…” Ethan paused, gathering his courage. “But, um, do you want to attend the pageant together? I mean, nothing else to do, right?”

“Actually, sure.” I shrugged. I had always enjoyed pageants, despite their diminishing popularity. “It does feel rather weird going to one alone.”

“Alright, cool. I’ll save you a seat tomorrow.” Ethan waved, and walked down the road to the Gym.

###

"Soooooo?"

"So?"

"Sooooooooooo?"

"So what?"

"So are ya gonna return us to our pokeballs, while you guys…?" Static wiggled his eyebrows in a suggestive motion.

I had just explained (due to a recent phone call from Sandy) that my birthday was today. Apologies and Happy Birthday’s abounded, and I grinned and received the praise. I told them that Sandy might be coming to join us this evening, which prompted Static’s rude remark.

"No, no, no." I waved him off. "I was hoping that everyone could stay together tonight, and that we could all celebrate my 18th as, like, a little group." I smiled.

"Dude." Myst gave me a look. "You’d rather hang with us then get laid?"

"I mean!" I sighed. "It’s customary to have a party with some of your friends-"

"Hit thaaaat!" Static interrupted.

"Seriously." Myst laughed, and in a rare moment, high-fived Static.

"Guys." I tried to get the group’s attention.

"But seriously, we’re going on our Pokéball, right? I wouldn’t want to be there for those thirty seconds!" Static sniggered.

"No, he’s a gentlemen." Myst stood up straight, in a mock, dignified stance. "And you know gentlemen always come after the lady."

The group roared with laughter as I held my face in my hand.

"Does her skin color ever rub off on you?" Skarr asked with complete seriousness. I stopped face palming for a moment in absolute incredulity.

"…What?" I asked after a moment.

"You know." Skarr blushed, "Does she ever, like, wash off on you? Do you get a bit brown when you two make love? That was always a problem with Karliah and me; we would get metal shavings everywhere-"

I shut my eyes as hard as I could, trying to block out the mental image forming in my mind. Just then, a tap on my shoulder alerted me to a dark-skinned presence behind myself.

"Hey boys~!" Sandy hummed, hugging me from behind. "And Myst, of course. What were y’all talking ‘bout?"

###

“Wait for it…”

“Sandy, this isn’t-”

“Waaait for ittt…!”

“This is stupi-”

“And you’re officially no longer jailbait!” Sandy smirked, looking at her watch triumphantly. “8:04 pm., Josh turns eighteen!”

“You’re still a cougar.” I grinned. “Aren’t girls supposed to date up? What’s a twenty year old dating a teen?”

“I never heard you complain.”

The sun was just about to set over the Fuchsia Valley, sending streaks of pink and violet across the sky. A soft breeze ruffled our blanket as we sat under a large birch tree, seemingly out of place in the forest of oak. It was rather silent, except for my partner who sat beside me, grinning ear to ear.

“That’s just because I hold it all inside.” I smirked. “I keep it all bottled up until it gives me cancer.”

“That’s not funny.” Sandy pouted, poking the tip of my nose. “Not all of us can be Mr.Hippy-Von-Feelings, and be all touchy-feely like you are.”

“Hippy-Von-Feelings?”

Sandy giggled. “Shut up, I couldn’t think of a good name.”

“That’s not a good name? I think Mr. Hippy-Von-Feelings would disagree.” I flashed her smile, and she returned it with a playful punch.

“You’re just so open.” Sandy said, after a small pause. She rested her head in her hands, and laid on the soft blanket.

“You know, if I said the same thing to you, all I would’ve gotten would be another punch.” I grinned. Sandy growled and swiped at me, but I moved just out of her reach.

“I was being serious!” Sandy pouted. “That was genuine, and you ruined it.”

“I’m allowed to ruin things today.” I laughed, my permanent grin never faltering. “It’s my birthday, and I can do what I want!”

“Ooh, that reminds me.” Sandy reached a lazy hand to her side, and snatched her purse. “Lay down for a sec, will you?”

“Why, so I’m in your punching range?”

“You’re never out of my punching range.” She quipped, motioning for me to lie down. I complied, using my bedroll as a pillow. “Now, I have two gifts, and a not-a-gift. Which one do you want first?”

“What’s a not-a-gift?”

Sandy turned to me, with a serious look in her eyes. “It’s something I have to give you, but it’s not a gift.”

I gave her a puzzled look.

“We’ll do that one last.” She muttered to herself. “Here, just close your eyes.”

I happily complied, then realized one of the ‘gifts’ might involve horseradish and shrimp. My eyes bolted open, and my hands rushed to cover my exposed nose. Sandy flinched in shock, holding something bluish.

“I told you not to look!” She yelped, flicking me in the forehead and quickly hiding the blue object.

“I thought one of the ‘gifts’ might involve shrimp.” I slumped sheepishly.

“Oh. That would have been funny.” Sandy chuckled, holding the object behind her back. “Oh well, whatever, you probably already saw it.” She reached around, presenting the bluish scarf. “Taa-daa!”

“Is this a…?”

“Choice Scarf, yeah. I don’t think Static would get much use out of it, but maybe for Nova or Myst. If you don’t like it, I can always exchange-”

“No, I love it!” I grinned, rubbing the soft, silky fabric between my fingers. “I can use this for so many strategies! Nova and Myst are going to love this!”

“I’m glad you like it.” Sandy sat up, and gave me a little hug. “Alright, gift two. This one is a bit less impressive then gift one; I had to pull a lot of strings for that scarf, hehe.”

“Nothing too bad, I hope?” A sudden sense of guilt came over me. How much did that cost?

“Not for you.” She gave me a small, coy look. “Anyway!” She pulled out something flashy and red, and twirled it around her finger. “Taa-daa!”

I squinted, not recognizing what it was.

“It’s a Focus Sash.” Sandy answered my unspoken question.

“Oh!” I realized. “Oh wow, thanks! Both of these are mine?”

“Well, the Focus Sash was cheap. Remember, you can only use these puppies once.”

“Oh, right…” I sighed. “Still, it’s the best one-use item you can find. Static could wreck with this. He could probably get three moves off if he’s lucky, on any Pokémon. Granted he’s faster…well, two if he’s not.” I reasoned.

“Well, I’ll let you think about it.” She smiled, placing it in my palm. He hands were warm, despite the chill of the approaching night.

“So what is this non-gift?” I inquired, squinting curiously. Sandy’s playful gaze turned serious, almost…sorrowful.

“Okay. First off, this is not, repeat, not a gift.”

“Okay?”

“Ready?”

“Sure.”

“Close your eyes, and don’t open them this time.”

“Okay.” I shut my eyes. I heard some shuffling, and Sandy moving around the blanket.

“Hold out your hands.” She ordered. I did so. “No, like, as if you were cupping water to drink.” I considered the motion for a moment, before cupping my hands together. “Yeah, like that. Okay, here you go.”

It felt smooth, and cool. My hands ran across its surface; it was almost completely circular, except for an indentation around its perimeter, and two, small bumps-

“Ohmygod.” My eyes shot open, confirming my fear. “Sandy, how on Earth-”

“Not a gift, and not from me.” She shook her head.

“This…this is worth more than…” I struggled to come up with a price; as far as I knew, they didn’t even have one. There were three confirmed in existence, but even then their locations were kept hidden, lest they be robbed.

A Masterball. The only device that can capture a Pokémon with guaranteed success, even legendary ones with untold, stupefying power.

“I wouldn’t sell it if I were you.” She winked. “Too much attention. Plus no bank would store all that money without giving you a seriously weird look.”

“How?” I just asked, dumbfounded.

“This isn’t from me.” She shook her head. “I simply…mentioned…you to the right person, and, well, they had one in stock.”

“I am not important enough for this.” I looked at the priceless sphere before me. “Why did they…?”

“Sponsorship. You’ve blown through the gyms faster than anyone in years, and you’ve been taking breaks. If you win, then theoretically you’re on their side. Maybe you’ll tell the world about the company that gave you what you needed to survive the Cave, and beat the Elite four.”

“So there’s a game behind this, then…” I muttered, still transfixed with the orb.

“More then you know.” She whispered back. “It also comes with a caveat.”

“Which is?”

“When, he told me to say when not if, so when you catch a legendary in that, they want you to bring it to their labs, for study. Nothing particularly mad scientist-esc, just simple tests like stamina, endurance, and power.”

“Who are these people?”

“The Cinnabar Institute for Research and Technology, C-I-R-T.” Sandy enunciated.

I sat in silence for a moment, feeling completely overwhelmed. This wasn’t real, was it? This was just me messing around, pretending I had what it took to actually beat the Elite Four. I was never serious. This was just me having fun with a few friends, goofing off as if we actually had what it took. Sheer luck…no. Maybe it was more than that, but not enough for this. Not even close.

If I sold this, I wouldn’t have to work a day in my life.

I could be done. Finished. I could spend the rest of my life, my Pokémon’s life, and my children’s lives in absolute luxury.

Or…

“I don’t know what to say.” I whispered softly, in awe.

I could follow this silly dream…and see how far the rabbit hole goes. I already have six badges, no doubt I could at least get the seventh from Blaine. If I could nab a legend, maybe, just maybe…

“I think you have what it takes.” Sandy turned to me, without a trace of sarcasm in her voice. Her auburn eyes reflected the scarce moonlight as she gazed upon me with certainty.

“Deep down…I guess I never thought I would get this far.” I muttered. Saying the simple phrase felt like removing a splinter that had festered for far too long. It hurt, but it had needed to be said even if I hadn’t realized it.

“No one ever does, until they cross that threshold.” Sandy smiled with recollection. Her eyes glazed over, and she leaned back calmly. “I remember when I first bested the Elite four. I was so young…” She laughed. “…but I had learned a lot from my mother. She was talking to the champion, and I was left alone in the lobby…

“I have no idea why they let me in.” Sandy chuckled. “I guess they thought I was some sort of tiny prodigy.”

“You…were a prodigy.” I laughed nervously.

Sandy made a move to rebate my complement, but thought better of it. “Well, I mean…I don’t know, technically, I guess.” In the night, I thought I could almost make out a blush on her darkened skin. When she turned to me however, her face was clear.

“Tell me more.” I smiled, leaning back.

“Well, I always kept some of mom’s rental Pokémon on me, right?” She nodded. “She had begun teaching me at a young age, and trusted me to walk in the Battle Park’s tall grass as a child-”

“-Those Pokémon’ll rip you to shreds!” I yelped, terrified a parent would allow such a thing.

“If you don’t have Pokémon to protect you, yeah.” Sandy chuckled.

“What level are those…?” I struggled.

“Fiftyish.”

“And what level where your rentals…?”

“In the forties. But remember, I was a trainer, so it was a pretty fair fight.”

I shook my head in disbelief, awed that Sandy was still alive.

“And, yeah.” Sandy smiled, eyes once again glazed. “They let me in, I beat them one by one, and finally, the champion was called down. It created a ruckus, because he wasn’t even scheduled to work that day, considering no challengers had been scheduled.” She smirked. “And picture my mom’s face when she sees me, a six year old girl, about to face the most powerful trainer in Kanto.”

“And they let you?”

“My mom admitted later that it was to teach me humility.” Sandy shrugged. “The Champion, well, I think he was just bored. Neither of them thought a six year old with no items and a team of level forties could beat the champion, with his honed team of level sixties.”

“And you did?’

Sandy smiled widely. “Yup. It took everything I had, and it was a narrow victory, but I won.” She laughed quietly. “No one knew what to do. There were so many complications; the fact I had no badges, the fact the Pokémon weren’t mine, the fact I wasn’t even old enough to have Pokémon…”

“But?”

“But the Champion overruled them all. Told them that I had won fair in square, and even went so far as to offer me the position as Champion.” Her youthful smile never faltered. “Of course, my mother declined for me, as I was only six. But I still got my certificate, an honorary trainer’s card despite my age, and the video of my battle against the Champion got sent around the world.”

“Wow.” I whispered.

“From then, it was Battle Park life for me.” Sandy leaned back, her story concluded, and a yawn on her lips. “What about you?”

“Well, you already know how I got Static.” I shrugged.

“What about everything else?” Sandy curled around me, pushing me lightly to the floor. “Mr-holds-no-secrets. You were upset at me being all secretive about my past, but I don’t know anything about your upbringing either!”

“That’s ‘cause it’s not that interesting.” I deflected, looking away.

“Come on.” Sandy’s dark, playful eyes begged at my own. “Please?”

“You’re going to be disappointed.”

“Try me.” She rested her head on my stomach, and gazed at the stars.

###

It was sixth grade. My school was a small one, as most children of my age had left to go exploring the Kanto region, with big dreams and shiny new trainer cards.

I felt extremely alone.

Despite my yearning to go joining my peers, my parents had insisted I stay in schooling. Well, I say my parents…truly, it was my mother. My father simply stood as an imposing shadow behind her, agreeing with any decision she would make.

Looking back on it, she wasn’t exactly wrong. I learned a lot in schooling, even though I found most of it to be a waste of time.

I wouldn’t say I disliked my parents. The word is far too strong for the petty, snide feelings I felt towards them. More than anything, I felt disappointed. I knew my father would stand by me in the end, no matter what. My mother though…I always felt as if she was trying to discourage me. Persuade me from following my dreams, and convince me to go into accounting, or finance.

“You’re always so good with numbers.” She cooed, a tired look in her light blue eyes. “Why would you waste your life on the impossible when you can live comfortably with a stable job, a nice family…?”

I tried to explain that there was more to life then living at a desk, crunching numbers. Sure I excelled at statistics and probability, but what was the point when offices already had machines that did that for you? My gift applied to battling, to the quick choices that needed to be made on the spot to allow my dreams to be a success.

She never listened. Or if she did, it was only to find another way to shoot me down.

I rarely went home at all in high school. Between work and training static, I really only used my house to sleep. I worked as a waiter, and though the hours were long and the customers weren’t always kind, the pay was consistent. They also gave me a free meal a day, which I used frequently as an excuse to eat away from home.

Training Static was my favorite hobby, of course. There wasn’t many powerful Pokémon nearby, and once he reached level thirty, it became increasingly frustrating trying to find stronger Pokémon for him to battle. We talked and talked, and finally decided, on a long weekend, to travel to Ruin Valley. The original plan was to try to find and capture a Pidgeot, but when we saw Skarr atop that mountain…

He looked so majestic. I mean, it’s weird to talk about now, but…my gosh. A bird, made out of that fierce, carved steel. He looked like something out of a book, glowing in the sunlight. He clocked at level thirty-five, and I was a terrified that despite Static’s inherent advantage that the Skarmory would prove to powerful, and after he knocked Static unconscious he would cut me to slivers.

Somehow…we did it. The Ultraball dinged that beautiful red, and we I took him home. Skarr was incredibly intelligent, and after a short time we grew to enjoy each other’s company. We would take short flights to other parts of Kanto in the evenings, so Skarr and Static could battle stronger foes. It was discouraging to not be able to battle gyms or compete against my school friends, but it was far better than nothing.

I think my biggest regret is how I left things with my parents. My father was supportive when Static practically fell in my lap, even when my mom’s screams echoed through the house. That was really the only time he stood against her, but looking back, that was really the time I needed him to. I suppose I would just like to make peace with them. What I wouldn’t give to see my father cheering me on when I get my last badge, or to see my mom saying that she would be proud of me no matter what...

###

A tear rolled down my cheek. I tried to wipe my face with my sleeve, but before I could do so I was tackled by Sandy.

“I believe in you.” She hugged me tightly.

“…Thank you.” I smiled, slightly uncomfortable by the weight she was putting on my chest. After a few moments she released me, still gazing sorrowfully in my eyes.

“Have you ever gone back?”

“What?”

“To your parents.” Sandy clarified.

I shook my head, ashamed. “I haven’t even sent them a postcard. For all they know, I could be dead.”

Sandy frowned. “You should call them.”

“I should do more than that.” I sighed. “I left things terribly.”

“What exactly happened?”

This time it was my turn to have my eyes glaze over as I sighed in recollection...

$$

$$

$$

*305*2013-10-02 22:06

I was sitting in class, scribbling answers for an exam. My last for high school. That sentiment tasted bittersweet; I would love leaving and exploring the Kanto region when I finished, but I would miss the teachers and classes. I really didn’t have many school friends, considering the small size of our classroom, and the only kids left in school were those that disliked battling.

It was all I thought about. All I dreamed of. This was a rare moment I actually didn’t have Static in my backpack for moral support. I needed to concentrate on this exam, even though I knew I would do well. Plus, if someone caught my Pokespeak in my ear it might be considered cheating.

I finished the exam, and headed home. Home. The word stung my mouth. No, I wasn’t going home. I was going to a place to pack my belongings. Three days I had until graduation. Three days I had until freedom. I had worked so hard over the past few years, studying to keep my grades up, training Static and Skarr, and amassing enough money to survive on my own, at least long enough to beat a few gyms.

“Josh!” My mom almost dropped the soup ladle in the stew as I walked through the door. “Oh! I-I didn’t expect to see you today. I only made enough for two portions-, it’s fine, I’ll put on another pot-”

“It’s fine, I don’t plan to stay for dinner.” I shrugged off her gesture, and made my way upstairs.

“It’s just…” She muttered weakly. “I haven’t seen you in a while…”

“I’ve been busy.” I said testily.

“Spending all your time training.” She mumbled. “As if that’s going to get you anywhere in life.”

“…I’ll be upstairs.” I announced, too annoyed to combat my mother’s rudeness. My normally impeccable room was organized, albeit not in its typical fashion. Clothes were piled in one corner, electronics in another. Everything of importance to me was piled in my room, organized in chaos. I loathed such seeming disorganization, but it was necessary. I would be leaving, possibly just for a week or two, or possibly months. I needed to ensure I had everything I could carry.

“Josh?” My father peeked in my room. “Oh, I didn’t hear you come in. Will you be joining us for-”

“No.” I interrupted, shoving some clothes in my backpack.

My father was silent for a moment as he watched me pack my things.

“This is it, then?” He said quietly. “You really do plan to leave?”

“I’ve been planning to leave for years.” I said hotly. I sighed internally, knowing my anger wasn’t resolving the issue. Even though my frustration boiled in my heart, I knew in my mind that I shouldn’t have been acting like this. “…Sorry.” I mumbled, still packing my things.

“Josh. Your mother and I...” He hesitated. I looked up in confusion. My usually stoic father stood in silence, his usual self-assured stance was replaced by one of regret.

“…What?” I said cautiously, not use to seeing my father like this.

“…Let me know if you need any help, son.” My father shook his head, as if to clear his mind, and left. I heard the echoing of his footsteps permeate my room, his presence still giving me shivers.

###

Three days had passed, and graduation had come and gone. Uneventful. Only a handful of people had shown up; the family members of my graduation class of six.

I carefully placed my backpack on my shoulders. I had checked and re-checked I had everything: clothes, food, money, bed rolls, my phone, and my Pokéballs. All check.

I walked down the stairs. My parents stood by the doorway. My father had his stoic, indifferent, hazel eyes. My mother simply looked exhausted.

I put one hand on the doorknob.

“We’ll always be here when you need us.” My father said emotionlessly. Maybe there was a seed of support in that phrase, but all I heard was the 'when'. I ignored him.

“Is there anything I could do to change your mind?” My mom said softly, staring at the floor, not really waiting for her rhetorical question to be answered.

“No.” I shook my head, and opened the door.

“If you need any help…” My father trailed off.

I haven’t needed your ‘help’ in years.

My father’s face changed slightly, as if he could read my thoughts. He shifted uncomfortably, and reached into his pocket.

“This is…a poor way to say goodbye.” He closed his eyes sighing, and handed me a check. “But if you truly wish to leave, have this. It will help you get started.”

“Thank you.” I said, adopting my father’s stoic features, and taking the check.

“We’ll always have a room for you, whenever you come back.”

I walked outside, and felt the breeze on my cheek and the warm sun against my skin.

“Honestly, I don’t think I will come back.” I said coolly, never turning to wave them goodbye.

###

“Okay, so that’s not the worst goodbye ever.” Sandy reasoned. “It’s not like you ran away, or anything. You didn’t say you hated them, in fact, I’m pretty sure you all still love each other, right?”

“Of course!” I yelped. “But, augh. I feel like I’ve learned so much since then. Even in the few weeks I knew you before I really ‘began’ my traveling, I feel like I learned so much more about…people. I was just a brat back then, even if…well, maybe I wasn’t the only one.” I sighed, remembering all my mom’s small put-downs, and petty remarks about ‘dreams’. “Still, I feel as if I should apologize.”

“What’s stopping you?” Sandy inquired, brushing her hand against mine.

“…I wouldn’t know what to say.” I shrugged. “Apologize for leaving? Not…really. I’m not sorry I left. I’m sorry for how I acted, but in a way, I’m sorry for how they acted too.” I slumped to the floor. “I guess…I don’t know. I suppose I always thought I would go back after I would beat the Elite Four, but that would just be to rub it in their face. It’s…childish, really. Maybe I won’t ever go back.”

“Josh…” Sandy sighed, hugging me. “You need to face this, or it’ll just rot inside you.”

“Oh no, no, no.” I laughed, and pushed her away. “You can’t use that phrase on me, you little hypocrite.”

“I’m allowed to hold stuff in. I’m better at it.” Sandy smirked, cocking her head at a comedic angle.

“Maybe some things are just better left unsolved.” I sighed, sinking into my bedroll, and closing my eyes. I felt a sudden weight on my stomach, and I saw sandy sitting on me, with her knees bent at my hips.

“That is complete bullshit.” She leaned forward, her scarlet lips inches from my own. “Come on, Josh. In your infinite wisdom, that’s your statement? ‘Don’t touch it’?”

“Some things are better left untouched. Err, unsolved.” I shrugged, thinking back to my previous phrase in confusion.

“No they’re not!” Sandy gave me a look. “Confronting your issues-, oh god now I sound like you.”

“So what’s your angle then?” I looked at her with tired eyes. “Do we just go to our parents’ house, pray that things go well, then ride a rainbow to the Battle

Park and live happily ever after?”

Sandy looked like I had slapped her. She looked at me with horror in her dark, moonlit eyes.

“I didn’t mean it like that.” I sighed.

“No, you did mean it like that. That was you being honest, wasn’t it?”

“No-” I argued.

“That was you. You without your façade of social niceties, and without a care towards me. That is really how you felt.”

She was right, of course. A large part of me didn’t think I would ever make up with my parents. In the same way, although she might have decent relations with her mother, Sandy would never make up with her father. It’s the truth, as cold and harsh as it was.

“I didn’t mean to include you in that.” I said honestly.

“You don’t think we’ll make it.” Sandy stated. Small tears threatened to fall down the sides of those beautiful brown orbs I had come to love so much.

“No!” I shouted, trying to calm her down. “No! That wasn’t what I meant at all! I was talking about our parents, admittedly I shouldn’t have included your parents in that phrase but-”

“You don’t think we’ll work out.” Sandy’s voice cracked as she put a palm to her face, covering her eyes.

“No!” I yelped, tearing her hand off her face, and putting it fiercely my own. Her teary russet eyes met my own. “Sandy, I l-”

I quickly bit my tongue. Something almost slipped out that I wasn’t sure I was ready to say. I evaluated myself, and the situation. If I said it, would it be true?

Sandy looked at me with her wide, brown eyes. Her normal strong mask was gone, replaced with an extreme look of authenticity. Not of someone who was hurt, but of someone who could be hurt. Someone that has been hurt, but someone that could lift mountains and turn tides, if they needed to. I felt like I saw her.

“Sandy, I love you.”

Sandy looked down, as if processing the words in her mind. She hugged me, tears dampening the t-shirt I wore underneath my jacket. I felt guilt. Both in the way I had said it, and the fact that she might not feel the same way. I always thought I would tell her in a more romantic gesture; after I beat the Elite Four, perhaps, or once we had moved in together. Not in the midst of a confused argument.

If she didn’t love me, I could only picture what was going through her mind. Confusion certainly; perhaps even anger. Guilt, as well. I bit the inside of my cheek angrily; how could I subject her to this?

Suddenly, Sandy looked up with a dopey, tearstained grin on her face. “Oh, this is the part where I say I love you too, right?” She laughed, and hugged me tightly. “Didn’t mean to leave you hanging, there…”

I relaxed in relief.

Okay. This is…this is good.

“I was so scared, I thought it was one sided…” Sandy articulated, still giving me a bone crushing hug. “…and I thought you meant we wouldn’t, like, work as a couple in the long run…”

“Sandy, I sincerely hope with all my heart that you’ll be stuck with me forever.” I laughed, tears threatening once again to fall down my face.

“Oh no.” Sandy broke the hug and pushed me down playfully. “It’s you who will be stuck with me.”

I could live with that…

###

"So?" Static nudged my leg with an elbow. "How’d it go?"

"We went at each other like animals, wildly tearing off each other’s clothes and intimately tasting each other’s bodies. I’m sure I got her pregnant, with all the times we went at it."

Static blushed a deep pink, completely unprepared for me to answer so bluntly.

"Seriously?" Myst asked incredulously.

"No!" I growled. "For the last time, we just talked!"

We were sitting at a nice Johto inspired café, enjoying a tasty but strange mixture of a sandwich and a taco. I believe the kind waitress refereed to it as a gyro, or euro, or something of that sort. Either way, it was delicious.

"You can’t just talk for an hour." Static munched on the exotic white cheese. "Eventually something happened. I mean, I really like wiggly, but hearing her talk for more than ten minutes becomes kind of dull."

"Nonsense! Talking is the foundation of a healthy relationship." Skarr postured himself properly, still refusing human food, favoring his own game.

"What do you think, Nova?" Myst inquired, with a curious yet predatory gaze.

Nova gulped in surprise, wincing as he swallowed a rather large bite. "Errrr…I like talking?"

"Point, set, match." Skarr smirked.

"Whatever." Static shrugged, looking away. Myst took the opportunity to steal some of his chips. Sandy took this convenient silence to come back from the restroom. She sat down next to me, smirking.

"What?" I asked suspiciously.

"Nothing." She hummed. "Hey, are all you guys excited for tonight?"

"Yes!" Static yelped immediately. All the others nodded.

"I’m considering allowing Wigglytuff and Charizard out to play, but I’m not sure how safe it is…"

"It’s fine." Static waved carelessly, his mouth full of food. "Myst said so."

"Oh?" Sandy turned to the black fox.

"I’ve been to these before." Myst confirmed. "There are battles sometimes, but nothing two rough. Not like the, errm-"

Static gave her a lazy glare from across the table.

"-the uh, the Arena." Myst finished awkwardly.

"Well, I’m glad for that, at least."

The table was silent for a moment.

"I’d love to chat with Charizard." Nova piped up after a moment. "I’m curious about evolution."

"Uh, me too." Static groaned. "If only the cost of thunderstones weren’t so damn high I would’ve evolved by now."

"What do you mean?" Sandy turned to Static curiously. "Thunderstones aren’t-"

Josh’s eyes bulged, and he quickly drew his finger across his throat, desperately to get Sandy’s attention.

"…Uhhh…" Sandy glanced at Josh, who was practically in full blown panic. "I mean, yeah. Isn’t that terrible?"

"Mmmm." Static ate the last of his sandwich gloomily, oblivious to Josh behind him. "Someday."

###

"I’ve missed you sosososoooo much!"

"I’m dying."

"It’s been forever!"

"You are literally killing me right now."

Wigglytuff was practically engulfing Static inside her with the intensity she was hugging him. His muzzle was squashed into the fur in her stomach, completely preventing airflow as she crushed him against herself with her paws.

"I can’t breathe." Static deadpanned.

Wigglytuff released him, and Static fell to the floor gasping for air, more for theatrical effect than actual need for oxygen.

"Did you miss me!?" Wigglytuff waddled over to Static, looking over him curiously.

"You know, maybe a bit..." Static mumbled. This earned him another, albeit less aggressive hug.

“I’m glad you decided to let them tag along.” I smiled to Sandy.

“I’m just-” Sandy frowned, and adjusted her Pokespeak. "I’m just trusting you all to keep an eye on them, okay?"

"Seriously?" The lumbering, eight foot giant of a Charizard growled.

"All the tiny Pokémon could gang up on you or something." Sandy reasoned.

"Then I would eat them."

"You couldn’t eat all-"

"All." The Charizard lumbered closer. "Of them."

"Well, I trust you have it handled then, Zader."

"Zader?" Skarr questioned.

"My name is Charizard, and I am female." The Charzard grimaced.

"Chari never liked my nicknames…" Sandy purred.

"My name is Charizard. The name suits me. It means I kill things smaller, annoying things." She huffed in Sandy’s direction.

Sandy beamed into the eyes of the snarling dragon. Josh was sweating bullets at her mere PRESENCE, let alone it’s unhappy attitude. If it wasn’t for Sandy’s competence as a trainer, he would have fled long ago.

"Anyway, you all have fun. Come back if things get too rowdy, all right?"

A chorus of affirmations littered their thoughts as the Pokémon walked a familiar trail, deep into the woods.

"Where am I even going?" The dragon thought, annoyed.

*306*2013-10-10 02:14

(Myst POV)

It was quite a ways away. We had walked for hours, until the sun was on the horizon. The conversation was pleasant, but my comrades were not always trusting…

“Are you sure you know where you’re going?”

“You can’t smell that?”

“Smell what?”

I inhaled the forest air, and continued moving in her precious direction. “The lake.”

“It’s strong.” Charizard rumbled. “It doesn’t smell natural.”

“I don’t smell it…” Static mumbled.

“I don’t either.” Wigglytuff frowned.

“What do you think it smells like, Nova?” I asked.

Nova scrunched his face in concentration. “It smells…it smells like berries. But…different, somehow.”

“Oh. I kind of smell it.” Static sniffed the air cautiously.

“I still don’t.” Wigglytuff grumbled.

“Every few months, wild Pokémon and owned Pokémon alike escape their circumstances and meet up for a…reunion, if you will.” I smirked, my eyes half-open. “As a reminder of the temptations and luxuries the wild life has to offer, Pokémon collect berries throughout the months between these ‘reunions’. Shuckles are exceedingly good at this.”

“What do they do with them all?” Nova asked.

“We store them underground, in a way to ensure they don’t rot.” I smirked.

“Wouldn’t that cause them to ferment?” Skarr pondered.

“Yes.”

Skarr stopped walking, and looked concerned. “What…do they do with this mass of fermented berries?”

“Drain them all in the Fushia lake!”

“That can’t be good for the fish!” Wigglytuff gasped. “They would be wasted all the time.”

“That lake has likely been cleared for centuries, save for amphibious Pokémon.” I reasoned.

“Excuse me,” Nova asked cautiously. “What does ‘ferment’ mean, in reference to fruit?”

“You’ll find out.” I cackled. It was subtle, but the ground beneath them was now vibrating, and a small pulse went through the air. After clearing through a few more trees, a huge mass of Pokémon appeared, circled around an enormous, red-hazed lake. I walked forward and dunked my paw in, grabbing some of the reddish liquid, and slurping it.

“Perfect.” I smiled. In the middle of the lake on a small island, a group of Pokémon were arguing. There were four Loudred, a Scrafty, a Murkrow, two Gastly, a Spiritomb, and a Charmeleon who looked nothing like Nova. His features were sharp and jaded, and his coat was much darker. Nothing like smooth, light-coated, adorable Nova.

Our little rag-tag group began dispersing, as Static and Wiggly disappeared into the crowd, followed by Charizard and Skarr into the skies. Nova looked towards me with an awkward, confused look written into his face.

“So, what do we, like-”

“LADIES AND GENTLEMEN!” A voice boomed from across the lake, interrupting Nova and nearly shattering my eardrums. Two Loudred sat next to the dark Charmander, who was grinning ear to ear. The Loudred were projecting his voice, making it obscenely loud. “I DON’T KNOW ABOUT YOU, BUT I

CAME HERE TO PARTY TONIGHT!”

“YEAH!” The crowd of Pokémon cheered near the lake. Nova stood dumbfounded. I giggled.

“ARE YOU WITH ME!?” The Charmeleon asked, drinking in the love of the crowd.

“YEAH!”

“THEN PUT YOUR PAWS UP RIGHT NOW!” He grinned. “Put ‘em up, put ‘em up, put ‘em up!”

“What is going on!?” Nova gulped, looking around in horror.

“Calm down. It’s just music!” I smiled.

“But, all the people…!”

“Just enjoy it!” I cried over the sounds of the Loudred.

Paws up high!

Every time I come to party!

Shot, shot, shot, shot!

‘Cause it’s time to get it started!

“I don’t know what it is, but I like it!” Nova screamed over the bass.

“Do you want to dance!?” I shouted, grinning.

“What!?”

“DO YOU WANT TO DANCE!?”

“YEAH!”

Now that the moon’s down low,

Let’s let the party go,

Until the Loudred blow!

(We’ll stay up ‘till the BREAK OF DAWN!)

Don’t make no mistake,

The party’s in the lake,

The party’s in the lake!

“WHAT DO THEY MEAN?”

“ABOUT THE LAKE!?” I screamed a response to Nova

“YEAH! I DON’T GET IT!”

“DRINK SOME!”

But hey,

I don’t care. (I don’t care!)

Wherever there’s the party

I’m the first one with my paws in the air!

(Put ‘em up, Put ‘em up!)

We can share,

(Yeah!)

‘Cause when we finish this one,

There’ll be another party next year!

Nova cupped the red water in his hands, and gulped it down, making a face.

“LIKE IT!?” I grinned.

“IT BURNS, BUT NOT LIKE SPICE, OR HEAT!” Nova shouted back, confused.

“YEAH! COOL, RIGHT?”

Paws in the air,

Have me another sip,

Who believes in blackin’ out?

I’m trying to get me there!

Work it nice and slow,

When the bass gets low,

Chug all of it down,

And lose con-TROL!

I joined all the others in drinking a large helping as soon as the bass dropped. The crowd screamed in approval to the beat of the band as we shook our fur free from the sticky juice. I laughed in mirth, but it was completely drowned out by the blasting of the song.

Messed up!

(Messed up!)

Get wasted!

(Wasted!)

Go crazy and get shit fac-ed!

Let’s get it crunk,

Let’s get drunk!

Let’s get buck-ass wild!

Tear it up!

The song quieted down, in preparation for its conclusion. Nova looked unnerved, so I wandered over.

“What’s wrong?” I bounced.

“I don’t…I don’t get the whole atmosphere.” Nova shook his head.

“That’s because you’re thinking too hard!” I grinned, leading him forward towards the blood red lake.

“I didn’t like it.” Nova frowned.

“You didn’t like it yet.” I grinned.

But hey, I don’t care,

(I don’t care!)

Whenever there’s a party I’m the first one with my paws in the air!

We can share,

‘Cause when we finish this lake

There’ll be another waiting next year!

The band concluded with a scream of adoring fans. The Charmeleon and two of the Loudred bowed and grinned, but the Pokémon around them scowled.

“Thank you!” The Charmeleon bowed. “That was a human inspired hit that I’m sure none of you wildies have ever heard! Just another perk to being in the human world!” He laughed. “Next up is ‘The Darkness Within’, and afterwards, it’s me once again to grace your ears!”

The crowd roared in approval as the next band set itself up on the island. I turned to see Nova face first in the lake.

“Nova!” I cried, pulling him out. Nova blinked in confusion, then took a large swallow.

“How much do I have to drink?” Nova asked, a small blush beginning to form on his normally orange muzzle.

“I think you’re good.” I smiled uneasily. Nova waddled to the edge of the lake and joined in cheering the next band.

This is going to be a night to remember.

###

LET THE BEAT DROOOP!

A scream of approval roared from around the lake, Nova and Myst included. we had long since forgotten how many songs each band had played, or how many ‘sips’ either of us had indulged in since the beginning of the party. A healthy rose blush adorned our faces, along with nearly all the faces of the Pokémon surrounding them. Right now, ‘The Darkness Within’ was playing, trying to outdo the Chameleon’s band, whose name had long since escaped me.

Time to round them up, and tell them where we’re gonna go,

If they don’t know how to work it, don’t let ‘em break our flow!

Gotta make it to the center of the island, grab my hand,

Tell the DJ drop the beat,

Don’t play some stupid human band!

Nova and I were both laughing, paw in paw, and dancing wildly across the sand. I was ridiculously clumsy on two legs, so he was supporting most of my weight as we flung each other across the shore. I could barely hear his laughter over the booming music.

Let it in your body,

And the party won’t stop!

‘Cause it’s seven kinds of naughty,

When you let the beat drop!

I told it to you once

I said why don’t you understand!?

Tell the DJ drop the beat,

Don’t play some stupid human band!

Suddenly I lost control, and I slipped out of Nova’s grip. I was able to stop, but Nova spun around and smashed into a Raichu behind us. She turned around, and eyed Nova with a sultry gaze.

“Are you taken?” She purred, wrapping a coiled tail around his hind legs.

“Um, n-no?”

“You are now!” She smirked, and twirled him into her paws.

So give it to me baby,

Tell me what’s it going to be?

Going to give it to me DIRTY out where everybody sees?

‘Cause I can’t do nothing with you,

If you’re never going to dance!

So you better find some rhythm,

‘Cause I’m not looking for romance!

I steamed, standing on the floor feeling useless. Nova just walked away! We were doing so well until that stupid Raichu came out of nowhere! Now Nova was all wrapped in that slut’s tail as she twirled him around like a top. I ground my teeth, before a powerful sense of futility weighed me down.

This is the second time you’ve failed to capture his heart.

I grimaced, and hung my head. Tears burned at the corner of my eyes, and I was thankful that, unlike the others, I actually could make myself invisible…

###

(Static POV)

I could still hear the bass from where I was, but it was just a small pounding compared to what everyone else must be feeling. As soon as I could, I snuck away from the others. There were other things on my mind.

Wigglytuff traced an outline on my stomach as I rested against a stump. I chuckled as she hit a ticklish spot, but otherwise let her continue.

“I missed this.” She giggled, drawing shapes in my unaligned fur.

“Me too. It feels like ages…”

“We’re never alone anymore-”

“Always apart, or with others-”

“It’s nice to-”

“-Yeah.”

I grinned, and leaned forward, pressing my muzzle against hers. I didn’t know what the others were doing, but I’m sure I was having a better time.

‘Talking.’ I laughed to myself. ‘Oh, Josh. Someday I’ll teach you how to live.’.

###

(Skarr POV)

“You certainly took off quickly.”

“I had no reason to stay.”

“You and I have unfinished business, bladed one. Did you not wish to be beaten in front of a crowd?”

I smirked down at her from my tree branch. She grinned a toothy smile on the forest floor. “Truly, are you that wrathful for revenge?”

“I dislike it that you could endure where I would falter.”

“And beating me in a dual that has nothing to do with endurance would make you feel adequate?”

“Yes.”

I snorted a laugh, and the Charizard below me chuckled self-consciously.

“Come down here so I don’t have to crane my neck.” Charizard implored.

I flapped down. “Why, so you have an easier time consuming me?”

“I don’t like the taste of cowardly metal.” Charizard cackled.

“You’ve never tried me well done.” I quipped.

“Well, there’s a first time for everything. Come a bit closer, will you?” Charizard feigned a lunge, and I flinched away. She laughed.

“Though honestly, we probably have the same endurance.” I reasoned politely.

“What’s your deduction behind that flawed piece of logic? I could barely move when we landed!”

“Well, to be fair you were carrying a larger load.”

“Sandy is no bigger than Josh.”

“I didn’t mean the trainer-”

Skarr, you dolt! You did NOT just say that to a lady!

“You think I’m heavy.” The Charizard snorted.

“No!” I backpedalled. “I just mean, you’re bigger in size then I am, taller, more, uh, muscular and such.”

The Charizard smirked. “Do I intimidate you, Skarmory?”

“I would be lying if I claimed you did not look fearsome.” I reasoned.

Charizard was quiet for a moment. “You may call me Blaze.”

“Oh. Okay.” I said, a bit stunned.

“And I shall call you Razor.”

“Um, that isn’t my name.” I blinked.

“Nor is Blaze my own.” The Charizard shrugged.

“Why do you insist upon giving us false names?”

“Because I know you better then I know your kin.” Blaze answered. “Calling you ‘Skarmory’ tastes so…informal.”

“And Razor has a nice edge to it, then?”

The Charizard snorted. “Perhaps a more childish name, fitting of your rancid puns.”

I smirked back at her, my amber eyes gleaming in the moonlight. When was the last time I had the luxury of a conversation with such an eloquent female?

“Admiring the view?” Blaze scoffed when she caught me staring.

“Apologies; my mind was elsewhere.”

“Evidently.” Blaze smirked.

“Oh please. I am a gentlemen; I would never stoop to such lengths-”

“Oh stop. All men stop being gentle after a certain hour.” Blaze chuckled.

“That is untrue and sexist!” I retorted.

“Apologies.” Blaze mocked, sizing me up with a sultry gaze. “My mind was elsewhere~”

I’m not completely sure what happened next, or even if we were genetically compatible, but once I felt her mouth on mine I didn’t resist.

“Gentlemen indeed.” Blaze scoffed.

###

(Myst POV)

I laid at the other end of the lake, quietly sulking. The loud bass was a contrast to my quiet displeasure as I glared at the enthusiastic crowd.

For far too long had I watched that stupid Raichu dance with Nova, occasionally shocking him with her tail, and laughing coyly every time he jumped. It was disgusting.

“Hey Myst! Enjoying the party?” Someone said behind me. I turned around to see Static and Wigglytuff walking up.

“Hardly.” I slurped another mouthful of the burning lake. “How did you even find me?”

“Your coat was hard to see, but your eyes weren’t.” Static shrugged. “Bright red and all. Plus you kept looking in our direction.”

“I wasn’t looking at you.”

“Then who were you looking at?”

I sighed, taking another sip. “It’s not important.”

“Ooooh~! I know that look!” Wigglytuff chirped, running towards me. “Who’s the lucky guy?”

“Go away.” I shoved her aside.

“Feisty!” Wiggly’s large eyes gleamed with interest. “Details! Did you ask him to dance? What happened?”

“Nothing happened.” I growled.

“Ooooh, rejection then?” Wiggly winced in sympathy, but grinned.

“Not…exactly…” I murmured.

“Details!” Wigglytuff’s tiny paws waved in the air.

“Fine, fine. Um, we were dancing, and we stopped sort of, then he went to dance with someone else.”

“That’s not too bad!” Static chimed. “Once he was done, did you ask him to dance again?”

“No…”

“Why not?”

I sighed, recalling our dance. “I just don’t think he would want to.”

“You can dance if you want to!” Wigglytuff grinned. “You can leave your friends behind!”

Static grabbed her hands, and swung her around in a circle.

“‘Cause your friends don’t dance, and if they don’t dance-”

“-Well they’re no friends of mine!” The duo finished, giggling.

“Funny.” I grimaced.

“Well, who’s the lucky guy?” Wigglytuff’s paws ruffled my coat. “Maybe we can help?”

“I don’t think confrontation would be best with him…”

“Just tell us who it is!”

“…Nova.” I mumbled.

Wigglytuff and Static stood silent for a moment, before Static doubled over with laughter.

“What!?” I demanded, outraged.

“NOVA?” Static asked between giggles. “I mean, I know your options are limited with me being taken and all, but Nova?”

“I thought you would go after Skarr, personally.” Wiggly shrugged.

“No! Skarr is too…jaded. Nova’s kind and intelligent, naïve, and…” I trailed off, blushing.

“You have a thing for Noooova~!” Static cackled.

“So what!?” I bristled.

“So, go and get him!” Static encouraged with a sweep of his hand. “You have the advantage here! He knows you, he doesn’t know the person he’s dancing with.”

“Yeah!” Wigglytuff added. “Go over there, beat up whoever took your spot, and tell Nova how you feel!”

“You know what? You’re both right!” I stood up, wobbling slightly. “I’m going to go over there and get Nova back!”

“Yeah!” The duo cheered.

And I stomped over to the other side of the lake, my face flushed with a light pink, and a determined glare in my fierce, red eyes.

*310*2013-10-17 04:29

(Nova POV)

“Hey…so, do you wanna, you know, get out of here?”

“W-what?”

“I’ve never been with a fire-breather before.” The Raichu purred, her jolting tail trailing behind her.

“W-what do you mean?”

“Making electricity.” Her tail crackled, as she moved towards me predatorily.

“I, um, I don’t know how-”

“I’ll teach you.” Her tail coiled around one of my legs, trapping me in place. With a sultry gaze she placed her paw on my chest, and another behind me. Her breath felt hot against my face, and smelled of strongly of the fermented lake. Slowly she closed the distance between us, but despite my squirming she held me firmly in place.

“Hey! Get off him you bitch!” I heard a scream in the crowd. The Raichu whipped around, outraged. Myst stood a few feet away bristling as dark energy pulsing around her.

“What did you just call me!?” Raichu spat.

Myst! What are you doing!?

###

(Myst POV)

“I called you a bitch.”

She was over twice my height, and the reach of her tail was double the size of my entire body. She stood up on her hind legs, and I noticed her coat had no traces of dust or debris.

‘She must be a trainer’s Pokémon.’ I reasoned. ‘And a pampered one at that.’

She lunged towards my illusion, but struck nothing but air. I reappeared behind her and bashed her with my fist.

“Arrgh!” She cried, and lashed out with her tail. It struck me in my throat, and I recoiled, wincing. She grimaced, her electric pouches crackling angrily, preparing to strike.

Just as the electricity bolted for me, I struck with my own black energy. It smashed against her fur, and caused her to fall to the forest floor.

She didn’t get up.

I brushed myself off, and for once, noticed my disheveled state. My coat was a mess of dirt and grass, and I hadn’t groomed myself since the previous night. My fur stood up at odd angles, and I looked wilder than half the actual wild Pokémon here.

Nova looked awkwardly at the fainted Raichu, then back towards me. “Um…”

I raced up and tried to press my muzzle to his, but he held me back with a forceful paw.

“What are you doing?” He asked, his normally timid eyes devoid of fear, and filled with a cool anger.

“I…I wanted to dance with you.” I mumbled.

“Then you should have said something earlier.” Nova barked. “You just knocked out the person I was dancing with! You could have just waited.”

Even though the haze of alcohol, I felt a pit at the base of my stomach. I bowed, ashamed.

“Don’t be sad!” Nova chirped, lightly grabbing my paw. “Just be more careful! Here, we can dance now, okay? No tears…”

Nova lifted me up on my hind legs, and started a clumsy waltz, even though there was no music. I shuddered at the heat of his face on mine.

At last, I couldn’t stand it, and I turned to kiss him as he leaned down, supporting me with his arm.

Unfortunately, he had more leverage, and simply lowered me slightly to avoid the kiss. I blinked, and looked back at him with a hurt, haughty expression.

“Not now.” Nova shook his head, the fire in his eyes returning.

“Why?” I pouted, injured by his rejection.

“Because the Lake is making you act like this.” Nova shook his head. “You wouldn’t be like this normally. If you kiss me now, it’ll be meaningless.”

“As if the lake could conjure a hundred memories of us rolling carefree in the grass, and render them ‘meaningless’.”

Nova blinked at my recollection, surprised at my lucidity.

“As if the lake could recreate a month’s full of memories, of wanting you by my side.” I continued, tears once again burning in the corner of my eyes.

“This…this isn’t recent?” Nova stared quietly, his timid sapphire eyes once again adorning his face.

“No…” I closed the distance between us, and supported myself on my back legs by placing my front legs on his chest.

“And this isn’t the Lake…?” Nova whispered, his hot breath warming my cheeks.

“No amount of the Lake could make this act meaningless.” I whispered in reply, and pressed my mouth to his. He didn’t resist, and supported me with a paw, stabilizing my awkward positioning.

“WOOHOO! GET SOME!” Someone in the crowd laughed. I responded with a raised middle claw to them behind Nova’s back.

“And you’ll promise you’ll remember this tomorrow?” Nova asked hesitantly, breaking from the kiss.

“I couldn’t forget this even if I wanted to.” I smiled, eager to taste his lips once more.

###

“And GIVE IT UP for the Darkness Withiiiiin!” Charmeleon boomed once more, and we all screamed in approval as a Scrafty, a Murkrow, two Loudred, and a Spiritomb took the stage.

“Thank you, thank you!” The Scrafty grinned, soaking in the approval from the roaring mass. “This one’s a tribute to Darkrai, as we wish You success on your quest for vengince.” The Scrafty took a deep breath.

A warning, to the people,

The good and the evil,

This is war…

The song started slowly, with the Loudred only giving off a fraction of their pulsating sound. It was a hauntingly quiet melody, but it still inspired action. I could feel it building up, and the tension was palpable in the crowd.

It’s the moment of truth, the moment to lie,

The moment to live and the moment to die!

It’s the moment to fight, the moment to fight.

To fight! To fight! To FIIIIIGHT!

Everyone shook to the beat of the song, but the dark Pokémon in the audience especially felt a connection to the music. Even I felt a strong kinship towards it as I danced with Nova. A shadowy figure emerged on the island, with glowing red eyes and dripping shadow.

To Our Leader! Our Pariah!

To Darkrai, our Messiah!

This is war!

Darkrai emerged, though I could tell it was just an illusion. The Darkrai battled the aberration in a force of illusionary strength.

To the right! To the Left!

We will fight to the death!

To the edge of the earth!

It’s a brave new worrrrrld!

At last the aberration was destroyed as the Darkrai ripped off its head. Fake blood dripped from the wound, and the Darkrai consumed it in a grisly display.

I do believe, In the night,

Raise your paws into the sky,

The fight is done,

The war is won,

Lift your paws up towards the One.

As a collective crowd, we all raised our hands to the bloody Darkrai. The Darkrai roared in approval, and disappeared into a puff of shadow.

The War is won,

The War is won!

“Cool song.” Nova grinned, right before he was sideswiped by Skarr’s wing. Skarr crash landed a few feet away, leaving a clean scar down Nova’s cheek. He quickly recovered, eyeing both Nova and myself with wild, crazed eyes.

“Apologies!” He screamed, looking at the slice across Nova’s face. “We must leave. NOW.”

“Why? What happened?” I asked, confused.

A crash reverberated right behind me as I felt the Charizard land.

“That was a reenactment.” Skarr gulped, already preparing to take off.

“Of what!?” I demanded.

“The death of Nightshade.” Skarr swallowed, hard. “At the hands of Darkrai.”

“You think-”

“I KNOW!” Skarr yelped, his normally stoic eyes wide with fear. “Josh is in danger. I’ll warn him now, you both get the others, and we’ll meet where we left Josh. From there, we’ll find him!”

Charizard and Skarr took to the air. I went to give Nova a confused look, but he wasn’t there.

“Come on!” He cried, already starting to run. “We need to find the others!”

###

(Josh POV, twelve hours earlier)

Sandy grinned ear to ear. I already regretted telling her about my plans for tonight, and I could see her mocking smile stretch across her face.

“So, you excited for your date?”

“It’s not a date.” I groaned, walking with Sandy in the sunlight forest.

“Two guys at a play. It’s going to be so romantic.” Sandy grinned her evil grin. “The lights will be dimmed low; just you and him, with his hand lying haphazardly on the arm rest…maybe you’ll both bump into each other by accident, blush a bit, apologize…”

“I’m not gay!”

“I didn’t say you were.” Sandy smirked. “Uh-oh. Am I pressing against repressed feelings?”

“Auuughhhh…”

“It’s okay. You can tell me anything.”

“You know, for being my girlfriend, you sure are open to me dating other people.” I deadpanned.

“Only guys.” Sandy corrected, twirling her hair with a finger. “If you dated another girl I’d be jealous. But if you brought another guy home, who knows~”

I rolled my eyes.

“So what’s he liiikkeeee…?”

“I don’t know!” I stomped my foot childishly. “I just know he’s a good trainer and that he likes plays! I didn’t want to go alone…” I trailed off.

“So, we talking blond, red-head…?” Sandy prodded.

“I’m not GAY FOR ETHAN!” I shouted. Sandy cackled.

“Alright, alright, I’ll stop.” Sandy’s grin slowly faded. “But, you have to answer something for me.”

“Fine, what?” I sighed, exasperated.

“Why don’t you want Static to evolve?”

I hadn’t expected that question, and I was completely caught. My eyes widened, and my mind completely blanked.

“You kind of freaked today.” Sandy bit the inside of her cheek in thought. “I mean, I lied for you, but I didn’t even know why. And that’s fine, I trust you, but…I suppose I want to know the reason.”

“…Wow.” I exhaled. “Um, yeah, I guess I owe you an explanation, huh? I just…” I took a breath to calm my nerves. “I suppose I haven’t told anyone this, even Static. And I tell Static everything.”

“Well, go on.” Sandy encouraged.

I puffed out my cheeks. “Alright. Ever since I caught Static – using the word ‘caught’ loosely – he’s always been fiercely competitive. We meshed together perfectly even from the start, and we would stay up late training and improving. Even from the beginning he was always impatient to evolve. To get better, stronger. And I would always tell him no.”

“Why?” Sandy asked.

“Well, back then, because of his moves.” I shrugged. “If he evolved at a low level, he would have bad moves as a Raichu. He needed to get more experience before evolving.”

“But now he’s over level sixty.” Sandy replied.

“…Yes.” I admitted, albeit reluctantly.

“So…? Why haven’t you evolved him?”

“Well, things got more…complicated over time.” I frowned.

“Explain?”

“I learned more about Pokémon statistics over time. Static and I got closer. I didn’t see him as a pet anymore, or even as a Pokémon. I saw him as an equal, a friend. I liked spending time with him, even when it wasn’t training. I liked when he would climb up on my shoulder, or take naps between classes in my backpack. As a Raichu, all of that would change.”

“You don’t know that for certain.” Sandy accused.

“Except I do! As a Raichu, all of Static’s moves would be terrible! Even if he could hit harder and be faster, Static wouldn’t have the advantage of his light ball anymore. That means as a Raichu, he would actually be slower and hit weaker. He could learn new moves sure, but none that were worth replacing. He would be too heavy to carry and to fit in my backpack, and worst of all, he would change, mentally. He wouldn’t be the same Static that I grew up with, fed, played with, and loved. He would be something else, something…different. After what happened with Overdose-”

“Static wouldn’t end up like him.” Sandy cut me off.

“-But everyone knows Pikachu get more aggressive when they evolve! You already know how he gets if he doesn’t battle every so often. Picture that all the time! He wouldn’t be the same…” I sighed, and looked down at the fresh grass.

“You don’t know that.”

“I know that Static doesn’t know that.”

“What?” Sandy gave me a quizzical look.

“Listen. Static isn’t the best at planning ahead. He’s smart, but…he’s not always in the moment.”

“What do you mean?”

“Static wants to evolve because he wants to be stronger. He wants to improve, to get better. He doesn’t realize that evolving would actually make him worse. Or that he couldn’t sleep in my backpack anymore, or that he might be angry all the time, or he could change into a totally different person. He wouldn’t want to evolve if he knew…”

“You don’t have the right to decide that for him.” Sandy said quietly. Her words hurt because they rang with truth.

I winced. “Would it be better if I evolved him, and he regretted it the rest of his life?”

Sandy gave me a cool, silent stare. It wasn’t anger or repulsion, more of…disappointment. “It would be better if you gave him the choice, and presented your perspective.”

“You’re not supposed to be the smart one.” I pouted.

“I’m not.” Sandy gave me a weary grin. “You already knew that.”

“Yeah, well-”

“Hey!” Sandy said suddenly, giving me a quick kiss on the cheek. “I really do have to leave. I have a battle at six, not an important one per say, but I do have to be there.”

I stared at her for a long moment. “How are you going to get there?”

“Fly? Duh.” Sandy shrugged.

“On…?”

“On my Charizard?” Sandy gave me an odd look. Suddenly her eyes flew open. “SHIT! Charizard’s with your Pokemon at the lake! I’m going to miss my battle! It’s supposed to be TELEVISED!”

“Okay, calm down.” I reasoned. “There are other ways to get to the islands. Maybe by boat? Plane?”

“No wait, I’m fine.” Sandy sighed, relieved. “I can just get another flying type out of the computer. Wow, it’s just been so long since I’ve even touched the P.C.” Sandy laughed.

Personally, I never liked the idea of putting Pokémon in a computer. They’ve described it as similar to being in a Pokéball, but to me it seems so…impersonal. As if Pokémon could be reduced to bits of data. I especially disliked the idea of someone owning dozens of Pokémon. Perchance forgetting about one or two, and letting years go by without giving it food, or sunlight. I shuttered.

Still, in her case it was different. She wasn’t the one who owned these Pokémon after all; she was just allowed to use them. The Battle Factory itself was the one that rented these, and she merely had access.

“So, where’s the nearest center, then?” I asked.

“…From here? Maybe…Vermilion?”

“That’s nearly ten miles!”

“I’m in shape!” Sandy smirked, jumping in place.

“It’s nearly noon! And it’ll take you at least four hours to fly there. You think we can run ten miles in two hours?”

“Not us; you have a date to catch.” Sandy stuck out her tongue.

“Oh. I feel bad leaving you to run ten miles without any Pokémon. Are you sur-”

“I’ll be fine.” Sandy waved me off.

“Are you sure? I don’t want you getting hurt-”

“You’ll just have to make it up some other way sometime.” Sandy kissed me quickly, threw on her pack, and hopped in place. “Alright, see you! Text me how your date goes!”

“Will d-, auuugh.” I groaned. Sandy ran away, laughing.

“See you!” She yelled, already tearing through the sparse forest.

“See you.” I grinned, my voice echoing through the trees.

###

Silence, only broken by the soft turn of a page. The wrinkle of paper, and the light wind against my face. How long had it been since I had the luxury of a good book?

My attention flicked to my wrist, and onto my ever moving watch. It was nearly time for the play, but I still had a few minutes left. Satisfied, I continued reading.

###

“Sorry I’m late!” I panted. Ethan stood nonchalantly by the door, the dark circles around his eyes ever present.

“You’re not late; the show doesn’t star for another ten minutes.” Ethan shrugged tiredly.

“Yeah, but I like getting to placed early. I just lost track of time.” I lied. Honestly I just didn’t want to stop reading until the last possible second.

“Don’t worry about it. Take a second to catch your breath, and then we’ll find our seats.”

I was excited, despite my reluctance to leave my precious books. The play’s narrative was one I hadn’t seen before, and it was one I was eager to finally experience. I knew the battles likely wouldn’t be very entertaining, but you do what you can.

After a moment, Ethan and I found our seats.

“You know what’s the best about these types of plays?” Ethan nudged me.

“What?”

“No singing.” He laughed lightly, flicking though his program.

“Oh I disagree.” I pouted. “Music can really add to a performance!”

“Some performances.” Ethan pointed out. “And some really can pull it off, but others are simply nauseating. Especially the ones that try to incorporate Pokémon for the vocals. I know its racist, but unless the Pokémon singing is an instrument itself, like Chimecho or Bronzong or something, it’s going to turn out poorly. I can only hear something say the same word over and over before it becomes nauseating.”

“Eh. Some Pokémon can become background vocals nicely.” I argued. “And the world would have a lot more insomniacs if people hadn’t recorded all those Jigglypuff albums.”

“Uhh, don’t mention insomnia.” Ethan groaned. The room darkened gradually, and a hush fell over the audience. Slowly an orchestra began to play, and bright lights adorned the stage.

*315*2013-10-19 19:23

(Hmmmm. Well, remember, I write things sometimes a month in advance so my editor has time to review them, so I know I don't have omorashi too soon...

...instead of trying to cram an omo scene where it wouldn't really belong, would it be okay if I instead take a bit to get there (2/3 posts) then have a really good, long one? :3)

*320*2013-10-23 19:02

{{:

I was wondering if I could use poke'speak in one of my stories I would give you full credit for it. Awesome story by the way its the whole reason I joined the site }}

(Absolutely! And thank you all so much for your support, I love you all :3)

(Also, someone made me an Overdose plushy

! It's so creepy and awesome! Anyway, on to the story!)

###

(Overdose POV)

"I used to still see him, you know. My trainer. It’s difficult, not…not having him around anymore. There are some days where I think it would be nicer if I still saw him around, even if he wasn’t real. Just his…image, the feeling of him there. It’s…nice." The Munchlax bowed his head quietly.

He had trouble taking his medication for stress induced schizophrenia. The kid saw his trainer die, just a spray of blood and an ambulance. No one should have to go through that.

No one could blame him for going a bit insane.

"Thank you, Lax." Nora nodded. She was our nurse and therapist, and sat with us all during these sessions. The Munchlax bowed his head, swallowing the more intense emotions going through his mind. Everyone in the circle clapped, but not the clapping of amusement, or happiness. It was recognition; he had accomplished something. He had taken the first steps towards recovery, and was, slowly, fixing himself. Picking back up the pieces that had shattered on that fateful day.

"Overdose? Would you like to say anything?"

I had never spoken to Nora, or to any of the facility for that matter. Yet, her tone wasn’t mocking or belittling, it was…

…Patient.

I shook my head.

"Alright, this was a productive session everyone!" Nora smiled, clapping her hands together. "I’ll see you all tomorrow, same time. Thanks for sharing everyone! Oh, and Overdose." Nora turned her attention to me just as I was leaving the room. "I would like to talk to you about your medication."

Talk. I would’ve laughed in her face, but I wasn’t in the mood.

"Right now you are being force-fed medication that prevent you from hurting the staff." The nurse reiterated. "Are you okay with that?"

I wasn’t. At first I fought them with everything I had and they had to put me under in order for me to take the meds. After the first week though, I just accepted it. I couldn’t stop them anyway.

I shrugged.

"You haven’t shown any aggressive nature recently." the nurse noted. I stared back with hollow, black eyes. "Do you think you still need the medication?"

I didn’t really care. I wasn’t in the mood to hurt anyone anyway. I shrugged again.

"Why won’t you talk, Overdose?" The nurse pondered, tilting her head at me with curiosity. "You talked on the way here. We know you can. Volt says you talk to him in your room. Why won’t you talk to me?"

It’s not about you. It’s about what you represent. What you are trying to accomplish. My silence isn’t directed at you; if anything, you’re…

You’re helping. Why don’t you see that?

"You’re strong, Overdose." The nurse nodded. "I just wish-"

"I’m not strong." I laughed, interrupting her. I couldn’t help myself; the phrase was just too absurd.

The nurse blinked, surprised at hearing my thoughts. I don’t think she had ever heard them before.

"I’m not strong. If I was, I wouldn’t be here." I replied simply, letting my eyes glaze over.

"Why don’t you think you’re strong?" the nurse asked, bringing up a chair.

I shrugged again.

"Come on." Nora prodded. "I like talking with you. I want know more. Please?"

I smirked. I hated this place, I hated the staff, but…I didn’t hate her. She actually seemed to care about us, about all of our problems and messed up lives. She cared about me.

"…Sure." I relented, looking away.

"Why don’t you think you’re strong?" She asked again, patiently.

"Just…because, I guess." I grimaced.

"Because you’re here?" the nurse questioned.

"Because I don’t talk." I responded. I didn’t expect to say that, it just did.

"Why does that make you weak?"

"Because I don’t want to talk. I don’t want to acknowledge you, or anyone else. That makes you real. That makes all of this real." I took a slow breath.

"Why don’t you want this to be real?"

"Because if it’s real, that means all of this has happened. That means Munchlax’ trainer really did die, that means Volt really is messed up, and that means I’m also messed up, I’m broken, and all those people I hurt, those people, all of them, oh god…" I dry heaved as warm tears hit my paw, and I realized I was shielding my face.

"It’s okay." The nurse wrapped her arm around me. I pushed it off instinctively, and flinched away.

"How is this ‘okay’!?" I laughed a sickeningly broken laugh, mixed with sobs. "I hurt people! I snapped their bones, made them bleed, and made them beg for me to end them! How-" I gagged again, quickly covering my mouth with a paw.

After a moment it stopped, and I was able to calm myself back down.

"How can any of this ever be okay?" I asked simply, thoughts shaking with sobs. "I’m defined by sin. My name conjures thoughts of suicide. I am evil; I am pain, suffering, and sadism. I’m sure I killed people down there. There isn’t coming back from this. The only good now is ridding the world of this terrible person I’ve-"

"Don’t talk like that." the nurse scolded.

"It’s true!" I yelled, exasperated.

"You don’t have to be defined by your past."

"You don’t know…" whatever thoughts I had were lost in a sea of sobs. I couldn’t help shaking, and kept repeating ‘you don’t know’ as I shivered in her arms. How could she know? How could she hold me if she knew the damage I had caused? How could she help someone like me, who had ruined so many lives? Who had caused so much misery, and who has brought so much pain into the world?

How could she, how could anyone help me?

###

(Josh POV)

The lights nearly blinded me, jolting everyone out of the immersion of the play. The intermission. I blinked and stretched in my seat, and Ethan let out a large yawn.

The play had been excellent so far. It was about a trainer whom had accidentally been injured in a fight, and been put into a coma. His Pokémon had agreed to quest for him, and to earn badges without their trainer at all. A Ditto was the team’s leader, and he took the shape and guise of the trainer at gyms. The intermission occurred right when the trainer’s health had taken a turn for the worst, just after his team had obtained all eight badges.

I looked at Ethan. His eyes were half closed, and he looked displeased.

“Hey, you like the play?” I prodded.

“Yeah, it’s great.” He shrugged in a low monotone. He said it with such a lack of enthusiasm that it could’ve been mistaken for sarcasm.

“You…look a bit tired.”

Ethan turned to me and snorted a laugh. “Yeah, that’s what not sleeping for four days’ll do to you.”

“What!?”

“I have night terrors.” Ethan turned away and rubbed his eyes. “It’s recent; I don’t know what brought it on. The first few nights were terrible; I felt myself ripped in half, crushed by two opposing walls, drown, burn alive in magma…” He shuttered. “I know I need to sleep, but my body just won’t let me. It knows what waits when I close my eyes.”

“Did anything particularly traumatic happen to you recently?” I asked.

“No! Nothing. I had a bad hot dog a few days ago, but that was it!” Ethan looked down angrily. “It’s gotten to the point where I need to just bite the bullet and by some sleep powder for myself. I know the nightmares will be terrible, but it beats not sleeping.”

“Maybe you can hire a trainer with a psychic type to get rid of your dreams?” I suggested.

“Hey, now that’s a thought.” Ethan nodded. “Do you know of anyone around here with a Pokémon that knows Dream Eater?”

“Not off the top of my head.” I frowned.

“No worries; the Dream Eater thing was still an awesome idea.” Ethan offered. “What time is it?”

“We probably have five minutes left in the intermission.”

“Enough for a small nap…” Ethan mumbled closing his eyes. “Wake me when the play starts, will you?”

###

“Then shall death itself be undone!”

“Stop, you fool! You don’t understand what wrath you could possibly be provoking!”

“Don’t interrupt me! If he can’t wake up by himself then we’ll do it by force!”

“Those runes! You plan on waking Darkrai!? You can’t comprehend his power! Don’t complete the-”

“YOU RANG?” A wave of terror struck my gut, and made me double over in surprise. Ethan screamed, and dove under his seat. The actors stood in mid-scene, staring at the dark entity that had materialized in front of them. Someone in the pit crew bolted towards the exit.

“May the one who callsss himssself ‘NightSsshade’ please come forward.” The entity asked politely, his glowing red eyes scanning over the quivering audience. “Come now. Not all of you need die tonight.”

Why was he looking for me? What had I done!?

The actors on stage ran for behind the curtains. The black mist smirked, and then snapped his fingers. All of the doors sealed themselves, and all of the lights shut off in sync to the sound of shattering glass. A certain purple light emanated from the being himself, allowing us scarcely enough light to see.

“I grow weary ssssearching for the one that mocks the darknesssss…” The entity droned, looking over the audience once more. “…and I’m going to ssstart killing. Ssshall I ssstart with the back row, or front?”

I stood up. The entire audience turned to look at me, including the black aberration. I cringed, knowing that this would be how I die. I didn’t even have Pokémon to defend me.

The being slowly brought two of its misty appendages together, creating a mocking, slow clap. “Bravo, hero. Ssssacrificing your life so that othersss may live. Truly noble. Come up here, will you? I want everyone to remember your face.”

Somehow despite the wobbling in my knees I made my way to the stage. With every step I felt the growing fear writhing in my gut. I ground my teeth, and stepped on the stage.

“Behold! Your ssssavior.” Darkrai’s mocking tone echoed through the auditorium. “Any last wordsss for our membersss in the audience?”

I shook my head, petrified.

“Very well.” The doors to the auditorium swung open. “The ressst of you may leave. For thossse that wish to watch the after ssshow however, feel free to ssssstay and watch...”

Everyone fled, save Ethan, whom I saw hiding from behind a chair. Darkrai smirked, and turned to me again.

“Do you fear me, NightSsshade?” The black being pondered, running a very real black bladed finger across my throat. “Do you fear the darknessss?”

“…Yes.” I choked.

“Do you fear death?” He asked, tilting his head curiously.

“Y-yes.” I answered.

“Good. You should fear both.” Darkrai drew back his hand, pulsing with black energy. “They’re not mutually exclusssive.”

Suddenly a shoe collided with Darkrai’s head, and bounced to a halt. The shadow whirled to face the culprit just as another shoe struck his face.

“RUN, YOU IDIOT!” Ethan screamed, shoeless, and also running for the exit.

I turned to bolt, but Darkrai snatched the cuff of my shirt, choking me and holding me in place. With his second hand, he directed his dark energy to Ethan, and pulled him onto the stage.

“And now you both mussst die.” Darkrai held us immobile with one hand, and created a floating, serrated black sword with his other. “Goodnight, NightSsshade and his friend. Ssssweet dreamsss…”

###

I waited a terrible second. Then another. After what seemed like an eternity I looked up, but didn’t see Darkrai. In his place, a beautiful angel floated effortlessly, glowing with radiant pink light. It lacked wings, instead favoring two large pointed ears, and a flowing pink tail.

“W…what…?” I murmured, looking up in wonder at the creature in awe.

"You failed." It replied simply, looking down at me with dull, azure eyes. It didn’t escape my notice that it was able to talk with me despite the fact that I wasn’t wearing my Pokespeak.

“What?” Ethan asked, blinking as if he came out of a dream.

"He failed." The new, pink entity explained, pointing a paw at me.

“What do you mean I failed?” I asked, feeling a bit of my confidence return.

"Well, you were brave, which was a plus. Very inspiring." The being’s pink tail whipped back and forth. "But you would have died. And that’s a big ‘F’. You were supposed to use the Masterball on me."

I blinked. “What?”

"What? What? What?" The creature mocked, flailing it’s arms. It giggled softly afterwards; its laughter sounded melodic, like a harp. "You sound like newborns."

"What are you?"

"I am the nine hundred and seventieth rendition. I am one of the Ancients. I serve as Mewtwo’s right hand in securing the peace between Pokémon and humans, and ensuring the treaty forged between us does not go awry. I am the origin, the spark; I am what allowed for life to exist on this planet. I am creation."

The being pressed it’s forehead to my own, and laughed when I shrunk away. "But you, Josh? You can just call me Mew."

*322*2013-10-31 20:41

(No Omorashi this update, but expect some next time! :3)

“Mew!?” Ethan blinked, recoiling.

“Why have you come?” I asked, trying to sound braver then I felt.

"The Masterball serves as a…deterrent…for the peace between our kinds." Mew floated away, distracted by a speck of light. "The Ancients – Arceus, Mewtwo, Kyogre, Groudon, Rayuaza…" Mew waved its paw lazily. "You get the idea. Each has untold power. If a human were to control and command one of us without our permission, they could wreak havoc onto the world. Mewtwo alone could destroy entire cities! Much less

Kyogre or Groudon, either of which could destroy the entire world if they so desired."

“You would have the Masterball destroyed, then?” I clarified. Mew grinned, and wagged a finger at me.

"Not so fast." It purred, eyeing its tail. "We can’t just blatantly destroy such valuable human technology, can we? It would present us in a bad light to the public, and it would violate the Treaty of Concord."

Mew began floating in circles, chasing its own tail.

“Um.” I interjected. It was hard to take Mew seriously, even though it did have valid and intelligent points. “So then, what is your plan?”

"Deactivate the Masterball." Mew finally caught its tail, and nibbled on the end of it triumphantly.

“But doesn’t that count as destroying it?” I pondered.

“Yeah, hacking it wouldn’t solve anything.” Ethan interjected.

"Not hacking, deactivate. Have it capture a Pokémon, and thus revert back to being a regular Pokéball."

“So you plan to make me capture a random Pokémon?” I asked. “That doesn’t solve-”

“Wait, you have a Masterball?” Ethan looked at me incredulously.

“Yeah.”

“How did you even-”

"Not important now." Mew interrupted. "Now, this is only the first dilemma. The second is your guise as NightShade. Darkrai actually does intend on killing you for that, you know. He views it as you mocking him." Mew frowned. "And unfortunately for you, he’s much less theatrical than little old me."

“You’re NightShade too!?” Ethan deadpanned.

“Later!” I hissed, and then turned back to Mew. “What do you suggest, then? How can I defend myself?”

"Well, according to our treaty, Darkrai actually isn’t allowed to harm you, or any human. This transgression he is planning directly contradicts our treaty, and puts peace between humans and Pokémon in jeopardy. In fact, he’s been stalking you for a few days now, resting near Ethan’s residence."

“Wait, what?” Ethan blinked angrily.

“So…what is your plan?” I asked.

"Two birds." Mew’s eyes grew misty. “This iteration of myself must act as a sacrifice.”

“I’m sorry?”

"We have two problems. One, the Masterball must catch one Pokémon of the wielder’s choice. Two, Darkrai must not succeed in killing you. I was the obvious choice; as I am forever in a cycle of rebirth. This life must be given into servitude to protect the treaty, and through it, Pokémon and humankind."

I was silent for a long time as I processed what had been said.

“So…he’s going to capture you, then?” Ethan clarified.

"Yes." Mew nodded.

“Wow.” Ethan reeled.

“I thank you for your offer…” I began. “…but I won’t enslave one of the Ancients simply because it is within my power. If you wish to protect me

I would welcome your assistance, but I don’t plan on forcing you to live with me if it is not what you wish. Protect me and a deal is struck; I’ll break the Masterball myself once Darkrai isn’t a threat to us anymore.”

Mew smiled. The very air around us seemed to warm, like a fireplace on a cool, winter’s night.

“…So?” I prodded, after a moment of silence.

"So? You passed." Mew grinned, laughing its melodious laugh. "Turns out, you didn’t even fail in the first place."

###

"You are sleep deprived."

We walked out of the Pokémon Pageant, which was completely deserted. A part of me wondered if I would be responsible for damages, since the

Pokémon that had caused mass chaos and panic was technically my own. Oops.

“Yup.” Ethan answered, nodding sleepily.

"I can help you with that, if you wish." Mew offered.

“How?”

Mew let out a large yawn. I instantly recognized what was happening, and shut my eyes and smashed my hands over my ears. Ethan wasn’t so lucky. He looked at Mew inquisitively before letting out a yawn in turn…

…and then fell to the floor, unconscious.

Mew looked at me with confusion when I opened my eyes again.

"I wasn’t aiming for you." It said simply.

“Ethan could’ve been hurt!” I berated.

"Nuh-ah." Mew countered. "I caught him."

Sure enough, Ethan was floating slightly above the ground.

“…Still. You have to ask people before you do things like that.” I frowned.

"He was badly sleep deprived. Ethan had no business making choices for himself. Did you know that long term sleep deprivation is fatal in humans?"

“That’s…that’s for a really long time. Like, weeks-”

"With proper care and nutrition, death will occur in eleven days, two hours, three minutes, and four seconds." Mew rattled. "For a male of your size, if you choose to stop sleeping."

“We were talking about Ethan-”

"For Ethan, the time was reduced to six days, twelve hours, and eighteen minutes exactly." Mew nodded. "Normally he could last longer, but he was not as well-nourished as you."

“Well-nourished?” Suddenly I became self-conscious. “What do you mean?”

"For someone of your current age, you eat better than eighty seven percent of the population, however, you eat less fruits then ninety nine of the population, and are currently slightly dehydrated. Given your current diet, you will contract scurvy in thirteen years, twenty seven days, and nineteen hours, with a margin of error of less than two point eight seven percent."

Well, I did give most of my fruits to Static. He always did like them more than I did.

I shook my head, clearing my thoughts. “Wait. What are we going to do with Ethan? He’s unconscious; we can’t just leave him-”

"His house is point nine three of your miles away, in that direction." Mew pointed behind the Pokémon pageant."

“How do you know all of this?” I frowned, concerned.

"I have existed through several cycles of life. I retain fragments of memories of past lives, which are compiled in my current outlook."

“I mean like, the specifics. My diet, and Ethan’s house.”

"I read your minds."

“That is NOT OKAY-”

I bit my tongue. It was hard not to belittle Mew; I kept having to remind myself that it was more powerful than I could possibly image, even if in this form it could, in theory, be beaten. I swallowed my criticism of mind-reading, and we continued carrying Ethan. Or rather, Mew continued carrying Ethan with telekinesis.

"Calm yourself; I learned early on about the privacy of mortals, and how much it means to them. I will not delve where it would be inappropriate to do so."

“Oh. Well, okay then…”

"Really? “Just talked”? That’s how you explain what you and Sandy do to Static?" Mew laughed harmoniously.

“Hey! Don’t do that!” I blushed fiercely, glaring at Mew. “Those thoughts are personal!”

“I’m a god.” Mew grinned. “And the world is my playground. I do as I wish, for none will oppose me.”

“Yeah, well…I’m your trainer.”

Mew looked at me, smirking with its turquoise eyes. It didn’t challenge my statement, and politely waited for me to continue.

“And I’m telling you that it’s rude, to, um…”

Mew still didn’t interrupt, and stared at me curiously.

“…to read people without their permission.”

Mew floated silently beside me for a moment. "You fashion yourself as my trainer, then?"

“…Yes.” I nodded.

"You think you own me?"

I choose my words carefully. “…I think we have similar ideals, and…we would be better as partners.”

"You think you can control me?"

“I don’t think anything can control you but you.” I spoke honestly. I was rewarded with another musical laugh.

"You choose your words carefully." Mew noted, looking around the darkened city curiously as we passed through.

“I know their power.” I shrugged. “To wound and to mend, to cut, to heal.”

We got to Ethan’s house, and I tried the door.

“Locked.” I grimaced.

"The second story bathroom window is unlocked." Mew noted.

“How are we going to-” I turned to Mew, who was already levitating Ethan though the window.

"In another life-" Mew frowned, trying to position Ethan’s body correctly, "-I actually knew how to teleport objects through space, which would make this task so much simpler."

At last Mew got it, and placed Ethan in his bed…or so Mew said. I couldn’t see for myself, so I chose to trust my new partner.

We stood outside taking in each other’s presence for a moment in the light of the rising moon. Mew’s playful smirk was gone, replaced with a look of calm reverence.

"So, you are my trainer then?" Mew looked me up and down, judging me.

“Yes.” I nodded assertively.

"…That means you have to feed me." Mew giggled, poking me playfully with its tail.

“Yes.” I laughed.

"I want a star fruit." Mew stated.

“I don’t think the shops have those.”

"I want a lychee then." Mew corrected.

“I, um, I don’t know what that is. And I don’t think they have that either.”

"Mmmm." Mew frowned. "What do the shops in this time have?"

“We have Sinnoh food?” I offered.

"Sinnoh." Mew sighed contentedly. "It has been many lives since I’ve had the pleasure of Sinnoh cuisine. I miss the noodles."

“Would you like some of those?”

"Yes. Yes I would." Mew nodded, and we began making our way to the shops. How would I explain to the store keeper that I had captured a mew?

###

“You must be hungry.”

“The second one’s for a friend. He’s a bit shy though.” I smirked, looking down at the ring of ultra balls on my belt.

“Ah, I understand. Enjoy!”

“Thanks, have a nice night.” I smiled to the cashier. The cool night air greeted me as I stepped out of the store.

"He?" My hat asked.

“I’m sorry?”

"You referenced me as a ‘he’ to the salesmen."

“Oh, I’m sorry. Would you prefer a different pronoun?”

"No. It’s just interesting seeing your interpretation." My hat giggled, melting off my head and transforming back into Mew.

“So…what are the limitations of your transformation ability?” I asked, offering Mew his noodles. Mew smiled in acceptance, but didn’t take the fork.

"I’m just as adaptable as a Ditto. I’m more imaginative, but it’s hard to do things on the fly. Simple things – a key, a hat – those are easy."

"What’s hard, then?"

Mew gulped a mouthful of noodles. "Like, say for instance a meteorite was headed for earth, and I had to stop it. If I had to stop it now, I couldn’t.

I couldn’t suddenly get super strength and push it aside, or have Mewtwo’s power to just break it with telekinesis. I’m not that strong. BUT, if I had some time and Mewtwo was there, or Rayquaza, I could just transform into them, then do it."

“Okay, I get that.”

Mew stuck his head in the bowl of noodles, and slurped loudly. "I think this is humanities finest achievement. The perfect blend of salt and sweetness."

“It’s even better with a fork.” I grinned, offering Mew the spare fork.

"Oh, contraire." Mew laughed. "The plastic takes away from the dish, plus it forces you to pace yourself. Just plunge your face in; it’s WAY better."

“I’ll take your word for it.” I laughed, talking a slow bite of the Sinnoh cuisine. Mew smirked and handed me an empty bowl, face happily coated in soy sauce.

“Wait. So if have trouble transforming into pokemon you can’t see, how did you transform into Darkrai?”

"Oh, that?" Mew asked. "I just saw him beforehand and used his form."

"Can you still do it?"

"It was recent…I think so?" Mew concentrated, taking the form of a slightly off-color Darkrai, with blue eyes. "This is…close, right?"

“I think he’s not completely black. Like, just a shade lighter.”

Mew became a shade lighter.

"And I THINK he had red eyes, or at least, like, dark pink."

Mew’s eyes became red.

“Yeah. I think that was it.”

Suddenly a Zorua flashed into existence in front of me, and tackled Mew. Mew spun around – still in Darkrai’s form – and thrashed violently, trying to throw the Zorua off. A Charmeleon dashed in front of me, shielding me from impact. A Charizard landed clumsily behind Mew, roaring violently with streaks of fire blasting out of her mouth. Static dashed up beside the Charmeleon, and a Wigglytuff hid behind me.

“What is going on!?”

The Charizard grappled Mew by the wisps of the Darkrai’s arms, holding him immobile. Skarr flew down and sliced Mew badly across the chest, opening up a large purple gash. Static and Nova both attacked, sending a spray of fire and electricity pulsing into the wound Skarr had opened up.

"Arrrgh!" Mew screamed.

“Everyone, stop!” I ordered.

Mew melted out of Charizard’s grip, and reformed into his normal form. His eyes shone with white for a moment, before he released a blast of energy, sending everything soaring backwards. Charizard was flung into the air, and the others crashed and rolled on the ground.

I crashed against the pavement hard, on my shoulder. Colors swirled around me, but I forced myself to stand. Static stood by my side, fur bristled and at the ready. The others simply stared at Mew.

"Urk..." Mew grimaced, clutching his chest. I walked over calmly, attempting convey a sense of rationality in the mix of all of this chaos. I sprayed

Mew with an antidote, and then gave him a potion. Mew nodded in thanks, and looked at the surrounding Pokémon that staring at him in awe.

"…Mew?" Skarr asked, in awe.

"It’s an illusion!" Myst growled.

"No more an illusion then the grass at your feet, or the shade of a tall tree." Mew smiled. Myst hesitantly pawed at Mew, poking him with a stubby black paw. Mew giggled.

"Mew…" Myst retreated, eyes full of wonder. Charizard bowed, along with Skarr. Charmander and Static stood at my side, confused, yet refusing to bow or yield their ground.

"Please. Your formalities are chivalrous, but misguided. I am your equal." Mew shrugged, floating in the air.

"Aren’t you…Darkrai?" Static asked, confused. Skarr groaned in the background.

"No, dear Pikachu. I am Mew, the nine hundred and seventieth rendition. I am eternal, and undying. I am the spark that has allowed life to exist upon this planet, and I am the Ancestor to all Pokémon on this earth." Mew smiled happily.

"It’s a legend, then?" Static turned to me, tugging on my jeans. "You caught a legend? That’s so badass! How’d you do it? I wasn’t even there!"

"Static…" I groaned. I realized this was the first impression my team would get of Mew, and I winced.

"We have to name you!" Nova clapped happily, slightly oblivious to the magnitude of the situation.

"Name me?" Mew asked, amused.

"Yeah! Like, something that defines you!" Nova chirped. "Like, I was named after…the um, the…the…" Nova blinked, holding his head.

"The star thing! The big one!" Myst suggested helpfully.

"Ttthat one!" Nova slurred.

"Are you both alright?" I blinked. Nova and Myst were acting strangely…sick, perhaps?

"They’re both drunk." Skarr groaned.

"How are you two drunk!?" I asked, frustrated. Myst shrunk back meekly, while Nova looked confused.

"Drunk?" He asked, wobbling slightly.

"Perhaps introductions – and naming – would be better performed in the morning, when we all have a better sense of clarity." Mew winked, and laughed his harmonious laugh.

It was late. The sun had long since set, and I could feel the weariness clutching at my eyelids. "Fair. Let’s get back to the forest, and I’ll put out best rolls for everyone. Myst and Nova?"

"Mmmm?" The duo looked at me with curiosity.

"I want you to drink half of this-" I held up a water bottle. "-before you go to sleep. You’ll thank me in the morning."

"For 'games' in the morning?" Nova looked at me and grinned a shrewd grin.

"No. This is for you not getting hungover."

"Huh?"

"Just drink it, Nova." Myst asserted.

"Okay. Goodnight Josh!" Nova chirped.

"Goodnight, Nova."

"Pleasant dreams."

"Goodnight, Skarr."

"Don’t get eaten by Darkrai!"

"I’ll try." I laughed. "Goodnight, Static."

"Sleep well."

"You too, Charizard." I nodded.

"…’Night." Wigglytuff mumbled.

"Goodnight, Wigglytuff."

"See you at dawn…" Myst sleepily thought.

"You as well. Goodnight, Myst. See you all tomorrow."

I crawled into my sleeping bag, mindful I had missed one important member of my team.

"Sleep well, Mew." I smiled.

"Actually, I don’t sleep." Mew spoke with a trace of sadness. "The bliss of unconsciousness is only available to me in the space between lives. I will keep watch, and ensure Darkrai does not encroach on us at this hour."

"Oh. Thank you." I nodded. "Well, okay, good night."

"That it is." Mew smiled up at the stars. "And a good night to you as well, Josh, my trainer."

