Sylveon's desperate attempts

Author: Lugia

*000*2015-05-19 05:01

The idea for this one came to me from a scene from a different fanfic. It was not an omo fanfic. So anyway, I think the situation I put Sylveon in is a bit more unique. I hope to see it catch on.

Hi my name is Pixie. I'm a Sylveon.

I was spending the day walking through the woods. Most pokémon thought that since I was a girl I didn't like this sort of thing but they were wrong. I had heard about a beautiful spring that was in the deepest part of the woods and I wanted to see it for myself so I was heading deeper in. It was a hot day so I made sure bring a lot of water.

After walking for a few hours I had drank all the water I brought with me. I had reached the deepest part of the woods and after searching for about an hour I had found the spring. It was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. There were flowers and berry bushes everywhere and crystal clear water. I decided to rest there a bit before heading back home. After about an hour I got all my stuff so I could head home.

Just as I was about to leave I started to feel a sensation between my hind legs. All the water I had drank had finally caught up to me and I needed to pee bad. I didn't want to take a chance of this turning into a problem later on so I decided to just go right then.

I went behind a big rock that was nearby so that I could be sure that I had some privacy. I had never gone outside before so I was a bit uncomfortable and a little worried that someone would see me. I looked around a few times just to make sure no one was around.

Once I was sure I was alone I made sure I was completely hidden and then squatted down to pee. I waited a few seconds but nothing happened. I concentrated as much as possible but I couldn't go. After trying for a minute it became clear that I wasn't going to be able to go no matter how long I squatted there so I just stood back up.

"I guess I can't go because I'm not used to peeing outside" I concluded.

I didn't have to go that bad yet so I decided to just wait until I got home. If I had to I could try again later but for now I was just going to head home. I was sure I would do fine.

After about 15 minutes the pressure on my bladder had started to increase and I was getting uncomfortable but it wasn't too bad yet. After 30 minutes I was squirming and I was really uncomfortable. At 1 hour I had started feeling waves of desperation as I walked. After feeling the fourth wave of desperation I decided to stop and try to go again.

"Maybe I can get myself to pee this time"

I went behind a tree and, after making sure I was properly hidden, squatted down so I could try to pee. I waited for five minutes but even though I was trying as hard as I could I couldn't pee. I started thinking about waterfalls to try to get a stream started but nothing happened and it was just making my need worse. I stood up and continued heading towards home.

"I was hoping that I would be able to go that time" I said dissapointed.

After 30 minutes had passed the waves of desperation had gotten worse and I had to stop and push my front paw against myself whenever a wave of desperation hit. After another hour and thirty minutes passed I had my hind legs crossed and my front paw pushed against myself in an attempt to relieve some of the pressure. It felt like my bladder was about to literally explode, even though it wasn't. I stopped walking as another wave washed over me. I decided to try to go one more time.

"I hope I can go this time" I said as I walked towards a nearby tree.

After I was behind the tree I made sure no one was around and that I was completely hidden. I then squatted down to pee and waited. Nothing happened just like before. "There has to be a way to do this" I tried imagining that I was sitting on my toilet at home or standing in my bathtub. Nothing worked.

"Why can't I go? I have to pee so bad, it shouldn't be this hard to do this." I said, upset that I couldn't relieve myself. I started to think of different solutions and started to stand up.

But halfway through the process of standing up the familiar urge hit me while I wasn't thinking about it. I squatted back down and tried to relax as a small trickle started to form between my hind legs. I kept my mind on nothing but relaxing. As I continued to relax the small trickle turned into a stream which slowly grew until I was peeing full force onto the ground below me.

I let out a big sigh of relief as I finally emptied my bladder of everything that was in it. Pee rushed out of me as I relieved myself after three previous failed attempts. The pressure on my bladder gradually disappeared as all of my pee poured out of it in a yellow stream before hitting the ground below. I spent two minutes peeing before the stream died down back into a trickle and then stopped.

I stood up and let out one more sigh of relief.

"It feels so good to have finally let it all out after having to hold it in for so long" I then noticed how big the puddle I left was and that I was standing in it. "Wow I had more in me than I thought. Oh well I'll just wash my paws off when I get home"

I then continued to my house while keeping in mind to start going to the bathroom outside for a few days so that I would be used to going outside if I was in this situation again.

Please leave a review. That includes the situation I put Pixie in as well as Pixie herself. I want to know what you think about them.

P.S. If you want to see Pixie (I mean in a picture) then let me know.

*002*2015-05-19 15:39

{{: 

It's good as usual though I feel that the scenario of having to try multiple times takes a bit away from the desperation of the story. In the end, there was no real tension in the setting as she was in a secluded area and had no qualms about going in the woods. However, that is just my preference for heavy desperation. I definitely see the appeal of a story about someone who cant go but keeps trying. TLDR: good scenario and story structure but not my tastes.

Also, I would love to see your artwork of pixie as I enjoyed that kind of stuff in your celibi story.

}}

I see you're point. I'll probably rewrite it at some point. This is just something new I wanted to try. Now as for the picture of Pixie: I'll give you two pictures since I'm a nice guy. One will be what you expect and the other won't.

*003*2015-05-20 02:38

Here's Pixie.

*005*2015-06-05 05:35

The following is the first in a series of short stories that act as a follow up to the story. I will likely draw something from each one.

Hi! It's me, Pixie, and going to tell you about the time I spent getting used to going outside.

Day 1:

I was at home watching T.V.. I drank a lot of water because it was hot out and it was making me thirsty. Since I last went walking in the woods last I had been trying to get used to going to the bathroom outside in case I was in another situation like that. And it would be helpful if I was spending time outside somewhere where there weren't any bathrooms.

I started feeling pressure on my bladder when the show came back on from a commercial break. It wasn't that bad yet so I decided to wait until the next commercial. I knew it wouldn't take long for my need to get worse since I drank so much water but it wasn't like I couldn't quickly get to the bathroom if I had to.

By the time the next commercial break came on the pressure on my bladder had increased quite a bit and I was pretty uncomfortable. I went to the backyard so that I could try to get myself to pee outside. I went behind a tree to hide myself just in case.

"Okay, let's see if I can do this"

I squatted down to pee but nothing happened. I completely concentrated on going but it didn't work. It didn't make much sense to me. When I first squatted down I was allowing my bladder muscles to relax on their own like I would when sitting on a toilet or squatting over the holes in public bathrooms. I decided to wait a few more minutes.

After a few minutes had passed the pressure on my bladder had increased even more. I really had to go now but I still wasn't able to.

"O-okay. I-I'm not going to b-be able to g-go outside. I'll just h-have to head b-back in"

I stood up then ran to the bathroom. Once I got there I went in and closed the door so that I was guaranteed to have privacy. I then got up on the toilet, sat down, and relieved myself.

"Ahhhhhh, that's so much better. I'll just have to try again some other time"

As soon as I finished peeing I flushed the toilet, washed my paws, and went out to watch tv.

*006*2015-06-06 15:39

Here's a picture from the first follow up story. Obviously it's from the end. The reason being: I wanted to draw that part.

*008*2015-06-07 18:36

{{: 

Would love to read more about her!

}}

Don't worry I have plans for her.

*009*2015-06-07 20:47

Day 2

I woke up early because I went to bed early last night. I was heading to the kitchen to make breakfast when I suddenly became aware of the sensation between my hind legs. I had to pee bad, worse than I usually did in the morning. I then realized that I forgot to go to the bathroom before I went to bed.

"How could I have forgotten to do that?"

I went outside since I was still trying to get used to peeing outdoors. I went behind the tree but instead of squatting I decided to try sitting down like I would on a toilet. So I sat down on the ground in the same position I sat in on a toilet and.

After fifteen Minutes of concentrating all I was to get out was a few drops and that was because of my desperation.

"Okay this isn't going to work"

I quickly went to the bathroom, sat down on the toilet and let my bladder go.

*011*2015-06-09 05:10

Don't worry she'll get through it. After I'm done with this I plan on doing a sequel where Pixie overcomes another obstacle.

*012*2015-06-10 16:03

Day 3

I woke up from a nap I had decided to take earlier after I had drank some soda. When I looked at the clock I realized that the nap that was only supposed to be a few minutes long had lasted 3 hours! I then became aware of the intense pressure on my bladder which I knew was from the soda I drank earlier. I quickly jammed my paws between my legs to try to relieve some of the pressure.

"How much soda did I drink anyway?"

I thought back and realized that I had drank about six cans of soda before I fell asleep. I quickly ran outside since I was still trying to get used to going outside. I had a new idea I was going to try today. Once I was hidden I squatted down and focused on nothing but relaxing. And to my relief a stream of urine formed between my legs.

"Ahhhhhhh, that feels so much better"

I continued peeing for about two minutes before the stream died down and stopped.

After I finished I went back inside.

*013*2015-06-11 04:37

Day 5

I had been trying to get used to going outside for the past few days and have been able to go by concentrating on relaxing. Today I was going to see if I could go without doing that.

I didn't have to go that but the pressure on my bladder was bad enough that I was uncomfortable. I stepped outside and hid myself and then squatted but instead of concentrating on relaxing I did what I would do if I was using a toilet. A stream formed between my legs almost instantly. I didn't concentrate on anything but just waited for myself to finish like I would if I was on the toilet. I continued for about half a minute before the died down and stopped. I then stood back up and headed back inside.

"It looks like I've gotten used to going outside"

