Traffic Jam Desperation (True Story. No wetting)

Author: Emizzle94

*000*2015-08-31 20:39

Traffic Jam Desperation (true story)

I was coming back from my Uncle's place, I'd consumed part of a cup of tea on my way up, one cup of tea there and a glass of diet coke. I went for a pee before I left and I was fine, except from a little bit of pressure in my abdomen, nothing I couldn't put up with. But then...disaster struck, traffic jams! By the time we got out of the first traffic jam, I could feel a bit more pressure in my bladder. We got moving again, and I was listening to my iPod while we were going, so it was taking my mind off of it.

But then we hit the second traffic jam and though I wasn't that desperate, my bladder was telling me that I would need to empty it soon. There was a light ache between my legs and sitting forward was helping, but not much. My stomach was beginning to ache a little now, but I knew I could hold on as I'd held for much longer before.

I crossed my legs, the ache in my womanhood abated a little, but the pressure on my bladder increased a little more. We moved along a little and then stopped, moved on a little more and stopped. The pressure abated a little, the more I held, the easier it got for me. Squeezing my legs together reminded me of my need, but also helped. Soon, we were moving again, but slowly. The car vibrated a little, going up my pussy and actually helping with the need.

Then we were moving again, the movement jostling the liquid in my bladder, making my need a little worse. I could hold however, I squeezed my legs together a little more and crossed my ankles. God I needed to pee, then once again disaster, another traffic jam! I swear the universe was out to get me, to make me lose the iron control I have on my body. Subconsciously (as I was writing this, which is while on the road by the way), I was chanting NeedToPeeNeedToPeeNeedToPee. What was worse, was that I needed to pass wind too, but I knew that if I did, I risked the chance of leaking.

On the way, I saw two people getting out of their cars to relive themselves, my mind envied them and my bladder ached that little bit more. What was even worse, was that my mother decided she was going to play The Proclaimers: Five Hundred Miles quite loudly. The vibration of the music going through my body, vibrating the liquid in my bladder. The person in front of us, decided that they were going to go slow and breathing in for a sigh, I felt how distended my bladder was. And then guess what? Another Traffic Jam!

The pressure was a little more, but then salvation, my mum decided that she was going to go another way. She got the car out of the traffic jam and we were on our way. The bumps in the road however, weren't my friend, but I still held on. Concentrating on writing this piece was helping. I looked up and there was an empty road ahead of us, more bumps and dips in the road, making it harder and harder for me to hold. I leaned back in my chair and squeezed my legs a bit tighter together. I sighed again, feeling the ever increasing pressure in my bladder. I slid down in my seat and squeezed my legs once again tighter. My stomach was beginning to hurt a little more now.

I knew I should let my auntie an mum know that I needed to pee, but I also knew that it wouldn't be long until we got home. Besides, there were many things to keep my mind occupied. I clenched my inner muscles, but to be honest that made my need a little worse instead of a little better. I would hold it though, I wasn't going to declare my need like a little kid. More and more bumps, going over them at 60mph wasn't easy on my bladder, but I still held. The stomach ache was worse than my need to pee at this point, testament to how long I'd held it.

Going over bumps and holes at even 30mph wasn't bladder friendly to me, every bump was felt. I squeezed my thighs again, they were beginning to quiver from being pressed together so hard. I refused to put my hand between my legs, I didn't need to do that (even though the back of the car was dark), I knew I could hold on willpower alone for now.

Not long now, I kept telling myself. Then we came to traffic lights and at that moment, red became my least favourite colour. We weren't however, at the lights for long before they turned green. We were almost home, but then...more red lights! They had only just turned red, so we were in for a bit of a wait. However, after approximately one minute and forty three seconds, they turned green. We were on the love again, the pressure in my bladder being drowned out by my stomach ache at this point. I pressed my groin into the seat, trying to alleviate the pressure there, but I couldn't keep that position up.

My bladder was practically screaming for release, but my brain said no, telling my bladder that I would hold it. Almost home, I told myself. I concentrated more on ignoring my need and writing this fic, occasionally looking up to look out of the windscreen from the backseat. Now the pain in my stomach was definitely overriding the pressure in my bladder, until I sat up that is. The pressure was worse for a millisecond, before it went back to the way it was.

Sighing again almost ended in disaster, but my iron control didn't let anything spill out. I relaxed my thighs and the pressure abated, before I saw yet another line of traffic and my bladder gave a bit of a protest. But the line wasn't a slow moving one, still my bladder protested a little more though. The warmth between my legs was uncomfortable, more uncomfortable than my need to pee in fact. I leaned forward to look out of the widow again, the pressure on my bladder at this move was intense, but not too much so.

Then I started feeling tired, but I knew that I couldn't nap for two reasons. Reason one, I was in the car and it was dark. Don't ask me why, I always concentrate more in the dark when in the car. Reason two, was obviously my need to pee, if I relaxed then my muscles would've relaxed and I would've had an accident (not something I wanted to do in my mum's pride and joy). Damn, these roads were determined to make me lose it, but I was just as determined to hold it.

My stomach ache dispersed a little bit and my desperate need was able to shine through. Sitting was okay. The real test would be when it came time to get out of the car. Almost home, not much longer, I told myself again. I checked the volume of liquid in my bladder, it wasn't as bad as what it usually was, but the fact that I could feel the distension of my bladder, showed how much I needed to go. The ache was back in my womanhood and I once again pressed myself down into the seat, helping it a little.

The music was still vibrating through my body, making my need a little worse still. But I still held, I no longer needed to press my thighs together, but it didn't do much this time. Then I heard it, my mum said that we were ten minutes away, ten minutes and I could get the relief I needed. Mum swung the car around a roundabout and my body was thrown to the side, momentarily worsening my need, but I recovered and sat back up straight. By this time, I could smell my own scent wafting up from between my legs, a sweet but also slightly musky aroma. I ignored it though. My stomach ache came back and once again dampened my need.

I pressed my thighs together one more on instinct, making the stomach ache a little worse. We were almost home, not long now. A bump made the liquid in my bladder jump a little, making me a little more desperate. Still I held on, not willing to even let myself leak. Five minutes from home, I could see sweet relief coming. My groin was sweating now, making my jeans feel uncomfortable. Thankfully, mum took the short way home once we reached the road.

A few more minutes and mum moved to reverse back into the drive. It was bumpy and jerky and made my need worse each time it jerked. Standing up wasn't as bad as I thought it would be, but low and behold, when I got in I learned that I needed to feed the cats! Drat, I'd need to hold on just that little bit longer. Staying stood up however, was a challenge. Gravity took hold of my bladder and began to pull on the heavy liquid inside. My stomach hurt even more and now not only did I have to dance around six cats, I had to bend down to feed them too! My stomach ache was now worse than my need to pee and I get upstairs to find...My auntie's on the toilet!

There was definitely no way for me to get in there now, until my auntie came out. I had to sit on my bed and wait for my auntie to finish in the bathroom. God the wait seemed like forever. Especially with the dog jumping on me and the cat wanting to curl up in my crotch. So I busied myself with checking my e-mails and making sure that my iPad wasn't going to go off and wake me up during the night.

Now my kidneys were beginning to hurt, I couldn't sit up straight. Then salvation once more, my auntie came out of the bathroom and I dove in before anyone else could. I hastily unbuttoned an unzipped my jeans, pushing them down to my knees and sitting on the toilet, my own scent now stronger as it wafted up from my panties. Then, I let go. Oh sweet relief. I gushed, though it wasn't hissing out of me, it was tricking at a medium speed and by god did it feel good. My stream tapered off, to start again and repeat, until I was completely empty. My muscles however, still tried to squeeze on my now empty bladder and little dribbles escaped until it was just drips.

Just thought I'd share it with you all.

*002*2015-08-31 21:04

{{:

Very ,very nice story! Well written and enough detail to really picture you during that experience!

}}

Thank you, glad you liked it

*004*2015-08-31 21:21

{{:

That was a very Awsome story ^__^

}}

Glad you enjoyed it :)

*006*2015-09-19 08:49

{{:

Loved this. The relief sounds amazing. I love how you hid that incredible level of desperation from your mum and auntie, did they not suspect at all?

How come you got so desperate so quick if you went before you left your uncles? Given how bad you were I'm surprised the others in car weren't in a state also.

}}

No my family suspected nothing, I'm good at holding for long periods of time. And one word...TEA.

I had two cups of tea at my uncle's house and it goes straight through me.

*009*2015-09-22 18:06

{{:

What a very exciting story, and very well written! Thanks a lot

Just one question - you put it in the "fiction thread", but in the title it says "True story". So, true or fiction...?

(In any case, brilliant! ;-))

}}

It's true. But I wasn't aware that there was a place for true stories. Anyhow, there it is.

{{:

Did you ever need to pee more than this time? I'm curious how much pee you had in your bladder.

}}

Yes, there was one other time, but I can't actually remember all the details.

*011*2015-09-23 07:20

{{:

Very nice to hear that this story is actually true! - That makes it even better to read, to be honest! Thanks again!

And you really seem to be an excellent holder! As far as I understood, you never had an unplanned accident in real life (?).

Did you ever try to measure how much pee you can hold "at maximum"?

}}

No I haven't tried and yes I have gad approximately two unplanned accidents. But nothing I can remember vividly.

*013*2015-09-23 07:25

{{:

Hm, does this mean your (unplanned) accidents weren´t embarrassing/humiliating for you...?

As you don´t remember them so well... (?).

}}

One of them was, but I just filed it away under (forget)

*017*2015-09-24 07:25

{{:

I don't look in the fiction forum very often, but I'm glad I saw this one! You did very well to keep your need concealed, and even more so with the extra little delays at the end. I can certainly relate to the tea drinking issues!

}}

Glad I convinced you to come and read.

{{:

Very well written! It was very brave of you not to give in and ask your mom to stop the car for a bathroom break.

}}

I knew I could wait until I got home. Writing this also helped.

*019*2015-09-24 12:48

{{:

That's the thing with car journeys, of course - you just never know when you're going to suddenly get stuck in traffic, and for how long ;-)

}}

I know. Thankfully the need to go didn't actually start until we got stuck in the first traffic jam.

*021*2015-09-24 16:54

{{:

Did I get this right? You started to write this story already in the car, when you were desperate...? Wow, that´s indeed brave, writing a "live report" about an incident with an uncertain outcome!

}}

Yes, it was what took my mind off of my desperation.

*023*2015-09-25 11:53

{{:

What a "creative" strategy of yours!

Would have been interesting to find out at which level of desperation you wouldn't have been able to concentrate on writing any longer. (just in case f.e, if the traffic jam would have lasted longer).

}}

Well, I have been even more desperate than I was that day and managed to hold until I got home. Though there was one time in school where I made it to the toilet, but still had a bit of an accident. Not gonna get into that though, one of those things I choose to forget.

