Arkham city accident

Author: Omo-fanatic

*000*2012-01-21 03:45

Ok so this story is kind of rushed so pardon me on that however I want to mention something, you will probably notice as I add more fanfictions that I like bother super heroes and zombies so those will namely be what I write about because my favorite three things are zombies, super heroes and omorashi (I tell my friends food instead of Omorashi however) anyway this story is about cat woman peeing herself during the events of arkham city so without further ado

I smirked as I slowly opened the vault to pull out the small flash drive. Quickly I installed it into my handy tablet to search the location of Strange’s vault. A grin grew on my face, this was almost too easy. Harv’s henchmen were left sprawled on the floor. He really needed better goons. Suddenly I felt the muzzle of a gun press against my face.

“Put that back.” Two face demanded.

After that it all went downhill. Soon I found myself dangling by my legs from a frame with the sudden feeling of my bladder becoming full for the first time in a while, I began to worry. I struggled against the ropes binding my hands together discreetly while pressing my legs together as tightly as possible.

After what seemed like an eternity of Harvey Dent gloating about my capture in front of his henchmen I heard glass shatter as Batman flew through a window. I watched in amusement as he took down Harv’s henchmen with ease.

“Objection!” Batman yelled as he approached e a loud bang fired and a bullet knocked him to the ground.

“Over ruled.” Harvey said as he approached me. Finally I broke free of my restraints and knocked Two-face to the ground and cut his face. I managed to disarm him before uttering a witty remark when he pulled out another gun.

Suddenly in a flash of movements batman had Harvey hanging from a wire over the same green glowing gunk he had me over moments ago.

Ten hours later and I found myself at my apartment ready to leave. “Time to grab my stuff and get the hell out of here.” I muttered shaking my legs in desperation. “And stop at a toilet on the way out.” I muttered as I began to climb through my window only to have my apartment blow up in my face sending me flat on my back unconscious.

I woke up knowing two things, one: I’m going to kill two-face and two: I was lying in a puddle of pee with a still full bladder threatening to burst more. I looked around to see two-faces thugs surrounding me. I gritted my teeth and took them out with fluent movements and left my temporary home to find Harvey Dent.

Once again as I found Two face at the museum taking out his thugs were easy and eveny with his rocket launcher as was he. As I sat over him and found out he had given out half my loot too his henchmen I let anger overtake me as I knocked him unconscious, accidentally allowing another spurt of urine to tickle on too his suit before taking off.

I met batman on a building desperately trying to hold my urine with out squirming in front of him he talked. I bit my tongue to keep from gasping out as urine spilled from my clit and rolled down my legs, trickling through a tear in my costume. However for once, the detective didn’t notice something. I barely managed to regain control while he left I finally started in a wild dance in place, shoving my hands into my crotch trying to gain enough control to find a restroom.

I felt a spurt of hot urine travel down my leg, it steamed as it met the icy air and drifted down to my knee. I shoved my hand harder into my crotch but it was futile. Eventually I lost all control as my bladder burst completely. I was stunned as hot urine ran down my leg, warming my leg as it was pressed tightly against it by my tight water proof suit, only seeping out through tears from battle.

I moaned loudly as the urine flow continued with a muffled hiss as it traveled around the back of my legs going in a complete three sixty before falling into my high heel boots and staying there. More and more urine built up as my bladder emptied its contents.

IT was almost soothing the way the hot urine soaked my thighs and trickled down my legs, before finally warming my feet. Eventually the flow ended with one final moan from me. I stood there hesitantly before stripping from my suit momentarily to empty out the excess pee. And for a moment I stood there only in my bra and panties completely exposed to all of Arkham in wet underwear. I liked the feeling…

*002*2012-01-21 04:15

{{:

Well, I must say I'm glad to see a Catwoman story.

}}

Im glad, good thing I went with cat woman, it was a toss up between her and Talia al Ghul, unfortunantly I don't think I really captured her personality, or added nearly enough detail 

