A Pokemon Omorashi Fanfiction

Author: Guest JeanDamp25

*000*2015-03-24 22:09

Note: This is my first ever fanfic and my first ever omo fanfic, so it's a double first for me and I hope you enjoy it. If you do enjoy it enough I may make it into a full blow story like Alexx's. But we will see.

So with that being said...

This fanfic is purely omorashi, it's also a story so you can expect some plot and character development in it to. If your reading this just to get off then you might be disappointed with the quality of it but I wont judge you for it. ;)

Also don't be afraid to give me feedback on the story. If I know that you enjoy it and want or that I need to maybe expand my lexicon (so to speak) then I can do just that. I makes me feel warm and fuzzy when I get feedback as I know that you have taken the time to read it and give your opinions.

Now I'm done drivelling on, lets move on to the story.

###

(In this setting, a device called Pokespeak is used. Pokespeak is a device that allows communication between Pokemon and people through telepathic communication. It's still not perfect but most trainers have it so it's a popular concept. It's still going through several stages of development but soon enough it will be complete.)

This is also written in a First person perspective so a lot of me's and I's are going to be used but I will try and be colourful with my words if I can.

###

The weather; partially cloudy, possible chance of rain. The atmosphere; Mellow, quite chilled out for a city residing within the Hoenn region. These were the thoughts that go through my brain on a daily basis. But today a new though accompanied them. The date; 7th June, more specifically, the day I become a Pokemon Trainer.

From a very young age, I was surrounded by Pokemon and each day I would dream of my own adventures with Pokemon. Today that dream would become a reality. To be honest I was nervous.

My pocket began to rumble violently. I slipped my hand into the jean pocket and pulled out my Mobile Phone. The screen read "Professor Birch". I hit the revive call button and put the phone to my ear.

"Hello, This is James speaking." I said with a relaxed tone.

"Ah, James. I'm glad I was able to get ahold of you. I hear it's your first time getting a Pokemon is that correct?" The professor replied with exuberating confidence.

"Yes Professor, first time. Sorry to be rude but what exactly was the manner for this call?

"Oh! Of course, Silly me. I almost forget. Most of the beginning trainers I was supposed to meet today couldn't make it. So your free to come now if you would like?"

I pondered on the thought for a few seconds before replying.

"Of course, I'll be there in a Beedrill's wing beat"

"Ha, ha! I hope so! See you soon James."

"You too Professor. Cheerio."

The line then went dead.

I replaced the the mobile phone back into it's natural habitat and stood up. I took a deep breath and sighed. A smile crossed my face. This was it! My journey starts here!

(Sorry if the story itself is quite short. I didn't want to rush the story to much if I can help it.)

