My EPIC Story

Author: Dudedude

*000*2011-04-11 23:59

Dudedude here with an amazing story!

WARNING! POOP DESPERATION!

And now, my story: ;)

We have a girl named Emma, and her boyfriend, Todd. They ride the bus home together, but Todd wonder about Emma's habit of drinking too much water, and eating SLOP for lunch.

One day, Emma drank too much at bus homeroom and said to Todd, "I think I need to go, Todd."

Of course, Todd said, "It's about time you faced a concequence for that UGLY habit." Emma was going to run to a toilet, but the crowd in bu homeroom jostled their way to the bus, carryng Emma on top.

Later, Emma finally said, "Please get me off of the bus! I can't hold it in much longer!" As the bus driver ignored her, Emma's face turned POLY RED and she burst through to bus roof, running to a toilet.

She almost reached it, but she was at a point where she couldn't hold it anymore, and said, "Oh god! Oh god oh god oh god! IT HURTS!" Next thing she knew was that poop came outta her butt, and the pee ran down her legs. She fell to the ground crying. Luckily, Todd was nearby and said to her, "Cut the habit and this won't happen again. Either way, I still love you, now let's get some clothes.

The end! :D

Please refrain from using god-awful fonts like Comic Sans.

*002*2011-04-12 00:54

{{:

There's very little detail, and it's short. I'm sorry if I'm coming off mean, but I'm just giving critique.

}}

No worries. It's a start, and time can be short sometimes. :D

*005*2011-04-12 19:51

I understand all of these comments, and I understand your words of advice. Sorry if it confuses you all, it's just that it's my first story, so yeah, it may be confusing. I hope you all understand this.

