Mall Mishap

Author: sleeeeep

*000*2014-10-27 10:35

Yeah ok so 99.9% of people here have no idea what Wadanohara and The Deep Blue Sea is. its a game made on RPG Master. but anywyas i finished it on Saturday and I made this fic because i found this prompt on tumblr that i loved so damn much. so without further ado lets start this.

###

Wadanohara brought Samekichi shopping with her at the mall, because she didn’t want to see Sal. They’re still rocky, after the incident.

They walked around and went to the clothes shop, Edgy On Purpose, and sop many more. Samekichi could feel his bladder starting to fill up, but he ignored it.

Two hours later, they got hungry and went to the food court. Wadanohara ordered meat and water, and Samekichi was thirstier than a pork grind in a barrel, so he drank the whole damn water bottle. Of course, his bladder started to fill up even more, and he started to feel the desperation. He bounced his legs, crossed… Anything to get his mind off his bladder. Soon, Wadanohara took notice.

"Samekichi, are you alright? Do you need to use the toilet?" she said with a smirk.

"U-uh, yeah. I’ll be right back, haha," Samekichi said and took off for the facilities. But when he go to them, he got a surprise. They were closed for maintenance.

"Shit…" he muttered under his breath, and made his way back to Wadanohara.

"Are you better? That was quick," Wadanohara exclaimed.

"Yeah… Let’s just get going," he said, feeling his bladder get fuller and fuller.

On their way back to the parking lot, though, Wadanohara saw an awesome clothes shop.

"Ooh! We HAFTA stop in there!" she told Samekichi.

"Fine…" he grumbled, starting to cross his legs and walk awkwardly. He knew he shouldn’t of drank that water bottle.

Of course there was no bathroom in there because it was in a mall, and stores in malls do not generally have bathrooms in them. All the bathrooms are usually near the entrance, exit, and food court. But the only bathroom at this one was at the food court, and it was closed.

As Wadanohara looked through clearance bins, Samekichi paced around, or, with his full bladder, waddled. His fists were clenched into hard balls, which were at his side. He resisted the temptation to squeeze his dick.

"C’mon, Wadda…" Samekichi quietly whispered through clenched teeth.

After five minutes of this, though, he was at breaking point. His underwear was slightly damp, and his entire abdomen ached oh so painfully.

Without thinking,he grabbed a shirt right near him, and took off for one of the dressing room stalls.

Once inside, he found out the floor was made of carpet, and the seat was cushiony.

"Perfect," Samekichi thought.

Without hesitation, he hung up the shirt on the hook, unzipped his pants, and whipped his dick out. He then started wetting onto the cushion, which muffled the hissing and splashing. Samekichi wanted to moan and gasp, but he knew someone might hear. His knees wobbled slightly. A blush painted his cheeks.

Soon the cushion grew soaked, so he moved onto the floor. As he pissed torrents, he saw himself in the mirror, seeing his dick and the stream. He felt so dirty, but he was relieved and felt amazing.

After 2 more minutes, he was done. Samekichi zipped up, and laid the shirt onto the cushion, and carefully walked out, looking for Wadanohara. He found out much easier it was to walk, and it felt great.

"Ah! There you are! I just paid. Let’s go," Wadanohara said when he found her.

They walked back to the car (i know they don’t ride cars in the game but deal with me here) and rode home, Samekichi aroused.

*001*2014-10-28 17:40

I'm surprised i got a little over 100 views on this :D this fandom is extremely small so

*003*2014-10-29 20:15

{{:

I'm not this is a good story, if on the short side. I hadn't even heard anything about Wadanohara and The Deep Blue Sea and i still enjoyed it.

}}

Oh! well, that makes me happy. thanks!

