Drunk and Desperate

Author: Quackduck

*000*2022-12-29 22:44

Part One

I was shitfaced, stumbling down the street surrounded by my boisterous friends. The volume of alcoholic beverage I’d been consuming throughout the night went far beyond what I’d planned on, bloating my belly and dizzying my vision. We stopped by an alley so Dana could smoke, standing in a circle. There, I became aware of an uncomfortable fullness, and that sudden urgency that alcohol is notorious for.

“Should I pee behun… behind that dumpster?” I slurred. I was only half joking.

“Fuck no!” David said, further cementing my suspicion that he was one of the more sober ones at the moment.

“You guys could keep guh… guard! I’m wearing a dress, anyway. Eas-easy access.”

“Yesss,” Shiela’s uncontrolled volume was matching my energy perfectly. “I’ll piss with you, baby.”

“No, honey,” Dana said, tossing her cigarette to the ground and stepping on it. “Let’s go into this convenience store.”

I tripped on something and fell on my ass, jostling my full bladder. I sat there laughing hysterically, pressing my thighs together. “Help me up, I gotta peeee!” I whined. David came to my rescue. He helped me into the convenience store, too.

“Oh, nuh uh. None of that, please,” the woman at the counter told us when she saw us come in. “Send in someone sober. We don’t do that.”

“She just needs the bathroom,” David replied.

“I can’t let someone in who can’t even stand on their own two feet.”

“I can stand!” I countered, pushing myself off of David and swaying a bit. My hand moved to my crotch on it’s own accord. “I’ll be quick, I promise.”

She looked at me sternly. “I have to ask you to leave.”

“I’ll… I’ll be so quick!”

“Come on, let’s just try somewhere else,” Dana said, gently grabbing my arm and escorting me out.

“But I really have to go…” I said, holding myself and stepping around in place as soon as we got outside.

“Quit doing that!” Dana swatted at my hands, making me feel stupid.

“Guys, where am I gonna pee at?”

“Let’s just go back to the bar,” David proposed.

“That’s all the way back on 6th street!” Shiela countered.

“As a last resort, let’s do that,” Dana compromised, “there’s a couple more places on the block we can try.”

Fifteen minutes and a few more embarrassing experiences later, and I was even more full of urine. “I gotta gooo…” I whined, leaning on my knees and swaying my butt around.

“I guess let’s head back to the bar, then,” Dana sighed.

“Too much fucking walking,” Shiela complained, but we went. Every step was an uncomfortable pulse in my bloated bladder. Every once in a while, I’d get hit by a wave of urgency and I’d start pressing my legs together each step, whimpering and clutching at the front of my dress. I gently palmed my bulging organ, trying to deal with the discomfort. “I have to go…” I said pitifully.

“We’re almost there, sweetie,” Dana rubbed my back.

“No the fuck we aren’t,” Shiela said, “my feet are gonna hurt by the time we get there.”

“I don’t think I can make it,” I said as I felt another wave coming on. This time, I had to stop in my tracks, my legs tightly pressed together and my hands moving in between my thighs. I stood there holding myself and squirming on the spot.

“Come on, baby. Sooner we get there, sooner you can pee, you know?”

I took a deep and shaky breath and forced myself to keep going.

To be continued…

