Defying Melissa

Author: sheyla1

*000*2021-07-31 11:45

Hello, I have been into pee/omorashi for more than 10 years now, after readying all the stories and watching all the videos I was interested, I thought it was time to write my own fiction!

Please be patient, English is not my first language.

Defying Melissa

Disclaimer: this won't be sexual and there wil be no inc/est

Melissa's name meant trouble, that was what her friends and family used to say, and it looked like Sharon had not heard of that or she wouldn't have been married to the girl's father for 8 months already. Sharon started to wonder about Melissa while she put a wet skirt and wet panties inside the loundry machine.

You see, Melissa's mother had abandoned her and her father when Melissa was just a few years old and never looked back, the girl didn't even remember her mother's face. The girl's father, Harry, decided to marry another woman noticing the absence of a woman figure had negatively affected Melissa more than he expectedit would, the problem was he took action too late, only when his daughter was already 21 years old, the damage had already been done.

In Harry's family opinion the lack of a mother's care wasn't the only thing that lead to where Melissa was now, Harry was also also absent until today, he was a business man that lead his own company, usually he went on business trips, leaving Melissa at home with her nannies or maids. Harry's mom had lectured him many times about the subject, but he never cared about what she had to say, no one ever helped him with Melissa.

Albeit what everyone said, Sharon married Harry and started living in his house with Melissa. It was not that Sharon didn't care abou the girl's behaviour, sometimes it did really bother her and made her feel angry, but she always tried to be patient with Melissa and to help the girl - although Melissa tried to show she didn't want her aid.

And what was so bad about Melissa? The now 22 years old behaviour was a problem and Sharon hadn't need a lot of time to know that. today Sharon could say she was finally used to it. Melissa was a messy girl, always leaving her things scatered around the house, and never cleaned after herself, leaving it to Sharon. Also, Melissa was so very rude to everyone around her especially to Sharon who had been granted with not so polite word from the girl. And last but not least, the behaviour all of Melissa's family feared even if they had never witnessed one of those 'events', Melissa's pee, let's say, habits.

Oh, Melissa's peeing was a problem, a big one, and something that Sharon had never seen before in her life. It seemed like the girl wasn't very fond of going toilet in the actual toilet! Melissa preferred going wherever the hell she wanted to, her bed, the floor, her own clothes, well, wherever, always leaving her urine to be cleaned by Sharon. It was not that the girl never used the toilet, actually most of her 'business' was done there, but often she liked to explore her 'revolutionary' peeing habits.

Although was something Sharon really didn't understand, she always cleaneded the mess Melissa left behind. Sharon wasn't disgusted by the girl's pee and she also didn't want to live in a filthy mess, and believe it, they would if she left it to be claned by Melissa, she tried that before and the girl hadn't bothered.

To be truthfull, Melissa's peeing was the thing in the girl's behaviour that was less annoying to Sharon, what really preocuppied teh woman was the girl's rudeness. Sharon was triying to be stric, what until now seemed unefective, Melissa cotinued with her disrespectfulness.

If Melissa, with her manners, had the intention of making Sharon give up and divorce Harry, the girl shoudn't loose her time like that, Sharon really loved Harry and, maybe if some people didn't understand -well, Sharon herself didn't-, she also loved Melissa. Sharon had always been discribed as a caring and affectionate person by the ones who knew her, besides, she was the 'mom' of her group of friends.

Actually, being a mother was always something sharon had wanted, she had been married with another man before Harry, but she didn't have kids, never felt like it was the right time, until she met Harry and knew that he had a daughter.

It was a night like many others, Harry wa away in one of his many business trips, Melissa was out with God knows who and Sharon was at home, watching a movie, part because she wanted to and part because when Melissa was out she always waited the girl to come back before she herself went to sleep. Who knew what Melissa did when out, maybe she would need Sharon.

Sharon was in the middle of watching Some Like It Hot - yes, a very old movie, but Sharon's father was addicted to them - when she heard the bell ring. She left the armchair she was seated on and paused the movie before going to the front door. When she opened it, Melissa got into the house almost knocking herself into Sharon, it was pretty clear the girl was far beyond than tipsy in the drunk spectrum.

The girl backed herself up the hall's wall, yer, she was drunk enough to not trust her sense of balance. Seeing that Sharon couldn't help but offer "Do you want help to get to your bed?"

"Oh, fuck of for once!" Melissa rudely complained.

Sharon wanted to lecture the girl, but had already learn that when Melissa was drunk like that it would only be a waste of time, instead Sharon closed and locked the front door before returning to her chair in the TV room to finish the movie.

It didn't take long for Melissa, surprisingly, to enter the TV room looking as much drunk as Sharon first thought she was. Without saying a thing Melissa popped herself down, laying on the rug, she put one of her arms on her face, covering her eyes. By her breathing, Sharon could tell Melissa was asleep.

Sharon carried on with her movie, every once in a while she would look at Melissa to see if everything was alright. One of those time she noticed the girl had put her hand under her skirt to hold herself.

A few minutes passed and Melissa, even if still napping, started to look like she was unquiet, turning from side to side, still holding herself. Sharon decided to awake the girl up, but it wasn't necessary, all of a sudden Melissa sat up and whimpered while looking ate her lap.

Sharon waited for the girl's further action, yet Melissa didn't get up, the only difference was that now she was fidgety. "Melissa, don't you think you should go to the potty?" She gently sugested, don't wanting to cause a argument with the other one.

Melissa snorted and rolled her eyes, slowly she kneed on the floor, now furiously trying to hold herself with both hands while rocking her hips.

"I am just saying because you don't look comfortable right now." Sharon explained. "At all." She added after hearing another whimp coming from Melissa's lip.

"Didn't I tell you earlier to fuck off?!" Melissa retorted while trying to get up without having to move her hands. "Potty?! How old do you think I am?! I don't go potty, I fucking piss!"

"Well, I don't know if you noticed, but you are not really looking like 22 right now, are you?!" Was Sharon's answer. "A 22 year old girl would go to the bathroom." She emphasized the last word because of Melissa's previous complaint.

"You are not my boss, I piss when I want and where I want." The girl finally was standing on her feet.

"Suit yourself then." Sharon said and crossed her anrms, frowning, like Melissa she also wasn't happy with the situation.

"Oh, I will." Melissa gave the other one of her smirks, letting the woman know it was time for her to be naughty.

Melissa stepped on the sofa, took on eof her hands from where it were, opened the button of her skirt and pulled the ziper down. She moved the other hand and with both quickly pulled har skirt and white panties down in just on go. Returning both hands back to hold herself she stteped out of the pieces of clothe.

Sharon could really see how desparete to pee Melissa was right now, a pee streak running down the girl's left leg apperead as soon as her hands left her groin.

"Watch your good girl going potty now, mom." Melissa snickered and put her right foot on the sofa's arm, kepping the left one on the sofa cushion, pee was already leaking on her legs and she took her hands of her lady parts and finally let her pee go right on the sofa.

Melissa the started moving her hips to get the pee stream everywhere she could, including her clothes that she left on the sofa, now she was also getting the rug on the floor wet.

Sharon was a little bit shocked, but more worrid about Melissa hurting herself as she was still drunk. She felt a relieved when Melissa rested her butt on the sofa, also putting her hands on it, whilst stiil keeping her legs open and pee.

After a few seconds the pee stream weakened until it turned into just few drips, Melissa was watching her crotch when the dripping stopped. "There!" She exclaimed while she gave her crotch a shake with her right hand.

She left the sofa and layed down to the other sofa that was right beside it, again putting her arm to cover her eyes to continue her nap even if she was naked waits down.

Sharon kept quiet - she didn't even know what to say - and eyeing sometimes the wet sofa and sometimes the again sleeping Melissa. It was just 10 minutes later when she decided it was enough and turned the TV off. She grabbed Melissa's wet skirt and underwear from the sofa, taking them right to the loundry room, luckly she hadn't done the was already.

Sharon climbed up the stairs to take blanket and a towel from Melissa's closet then she went back to the TV room. She put a hand on Melissa's arm to shake the girl gently. "Melissa, ate least wipe yourself." She told the girl as her legs where glistening with the girl's pee.

"You wipe it." Melissa mumbled before snorting.

Sharon rolled her eyes, but quickly wipe Melissa's legs. "I will wipe your lady parts too." She warned the girl and give her some seconds to deny, Melissa just snorted again and Sharon wiped the girl's crotch. "Goodnight." She covered Melissa before turning of the lights.

Sharon deeply sighed and then left the room, she knew tomorrow it woudn't be fun to clean all the mess Melissa had made.

