My big wet omorashi bundle of books!

Author: misslunaswift

*000*2013-11-19 20:28

As a way of thanking you lovely people for welcoming me to the forum I've put together my top 12 watersports stories into a single low priced bundle on amazon. I've put it on a bargain basement price for the first week to give you all a chance to get a copy without me making a profit. After that I'll have to up the price so I can try and recoup the cost of writing it so go quickly if you are interested.

It's called cunningly "Watersports bundle" and if you're in the USA go to this page

. If you're in the UK go to this page

.

It's got the following stories in one book and took around 6 months to write!

1 Wedding Day Nerves - Hard to go in a wedding dress

2 The Great Wet Cook Off - A TV cooking show with a desperate contestant

3 Strictly Wetting - Dance contest live on TV and dying to pee

4 Desperate at the Doctors - Full bladder for a scan

5 Desperate at the Museum - Can she pee in front of the public?

6 Desperate at the Gym - Competing to get in a gym for women only

7 Desperate at the Swimming Pool - Lifeguard duty and bursting for a pee

8 Blackmailing Rebecca - He'll do anything to watch her pee

9 The Pee Factor - A talent show with a judge about to get a shock

10 Watersports College - A school with some wet teaching techniques

11 Relieve Yourself - Therapy to cure you of the desire to pee in public

12 Katie's Lesbian Journey - A full length novella about giving in to desire

Once again, much desperate love to you all!

Luna

PS I'd love to know what anyone thinks of the stories so feel free to pm me!

