Princess Brenda Billings

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2011-03-23 12:39

The seventeen year old brown-with a hint of hold hair curly Brenda standing just five foot six, her breasts now showing clearly through her blouses enough to need a bra for the last year, stared at the letter as her eyes reread the line.

"You are the last of the line, and your royal family needs you."

Brenda had just started her senior year, and thought she was going to do something important this year, but she had not realized she was going to be a princess who would one day be the queen of her own country.

Brenda's mouth froze wide open. She was excited, but then realized she knew nothing about how to be a princess. How was she to pull such a scandal off?

Brenda put the letter on the table and looked at her ragged old man who was laying across the couch.

"Am I really supposed to take this letter seriously?" she asked him for the third time.

"Do as you like," he scoffed. "It's most likely a joke, that they'd call on you. Everyone knows you are a no one."

Brenda looked down knowing her old man was right. She had not once done anything important in her life, and she was considered a no one at school. He really didn't help her see her strengths though. He was always quick to point out what she did wrong.

Brenda looked down at her jeans which had holes in them, her faded pink blouse, and her "manly" hands, and sighed.

(Pee comes later)

*001*2011-03-23 14:39

Brenda climbed the stairs slowly as she thought about the things in her recent letter. She was a princess on her mom's side, and they were sending for her to come home to the royal family. She had many questions swimming in her head, but didn't know which to ask first when she would finally see her mom's family.

A pair of tickets had accompanied her letter, one for her, and one for her dad.

"What do I know about being a princess though," she asked herself for the twelfth time since seeing the letter.

Up in her room, Brenda retrieved a battered old suitcase, and she started stuffing things in it for her trip to the small country that she was to inherit. She had no idea how she would fit in with those snobs though, as she looked through her wardrobe realizing nothing she owned was of royal quality.

She sighed and stuffed in the case, three pair of jeans, two blouses, some underclothes and her nightshirt. She had seriously hoped that they were going to provide her with the fitting attire if they were serious about her taking her place as a princess of the country.

Her father packed a suitcase so he could go with her. The evening went quickly, and before Brenda knew it, though she woke up many times in the night in anticipation for her new place in the world, morning had come. She didn't have breakfast because the taxi-car was already there when she woke up. Her dad had apparently called them before waking her.

"Get your lazy butt in gear," her dad said once again showing that he still didn't believe that she had it in her to be anything more than his poor daughter.

Brenda sighed and walked to the cab wearing a purple pullover and jeans.

She sat in the back with her hand folded over her lap while her dad rode in the front.

The cab glided up to the airport, and Brenda and her dad made their way though the mazes of security and to their departing gate.

The airplane ride seemed to just fly by, and before Brenda knew it, she was approaching her kingdom.

Excitement, chills, and shaking wracked her body as her mind still swam in confusion and questions from the night before. Brenda was surprised to see, that as she stood at the top of the stairs to the aircraft, about to disembark, not into a terminal hall, but directly t the flight grounds, there were a crowd of people watching her, and two gentlemen in brown and tan uniforms bowed to her and helped her off of the plane.

All around as far as she could see, there were crowds holding signs of welcome, and there were so many smiling people, that Brenda suddenly felt shy as her face flushed crimson. She smiled though, and the effect was as though she was a radiant beauty to the eyes of all but her father. He just scoffed.

They were led to the nearest state car which was a fairly short limosine. Brenda couldn't believe she was going to ride one of those, for the first time ever in her life. She fumbled and almost tripped as she tried to step into the luxurious vehicle. There was even cheese and soft drinks provided for them to munch on while the car drove them to the estates that she had inherited.

The car approached the gate, and it seemed as though it was on automatic as the gate seemed to open itself.

They drove up the long windy road to the large five story mansion with five flags sticking proudly high above the building.

Brenda stepped out of the car, kind of thinking she should try to get to a bathroom pretty soon.

As she looked up the marble steps to the entrance to the great state-building, several important looking people rush out to greet her and take her into the hall. They took her jacket and bags right away, and they said a lot of garble that barely made sense to her. She just smiled and let them lead her on, taking in the size of the huge building, her bladder slightly throbbing her to tell her that it wanted to release those liquids she had drank on the plane.

The hall was grand with more than ten doors going off in different directions. There were five doors on the first floor, and five doors up some stairs and on the balcony that overlooked the main hall. Brenda was sure she'd get lost in a place this big. People kept coming and going, and she wasn't sure when she'd be able to ask someone where to find the lady's room. She sighed as people one after another came up, introduced him or herself, and then disappeared again.

Finally, the most important person she had seen yet, glided in from the top right side, and Brenda could tell that this person was one of the royalty members for she walked like it, and she held herself in regal posture the whole time.

"Good to see you, Brenda. I'm sure you must be tired from your flight, and might like to freshen up?"

Brenda nodded glad that someone had realized she wanted to use the toilet at last.

(more to come)

*002*2011-03-23 21:46

A few hours after Brenda had been to the bathroom, cleaned up, and in some fitting clothes for her station, she was led to dinner in a great hall where she saw a few members of the royal house. At the head of the table, she saw the most prominent current head of a the family, a man in his golden years, his hair white as snow thick around the sides and back, but completely shiny bald in front and on top. He had on a nice brown suit and carried a diamond-tipped walking stick.

The people sitting closest to him were all near their golden years as well, two women in nice flowing dresses with plain colors, but made of the finest silks, and three other men wearing nice suits. All of them seemed to shake from the strain of sitting up right, and three of them had wrinkles on their wrinkles.

Further along the table, there were four women on one side of the table who were not royalty, but who obviously were important to the family, who were no where near their golden years, but still a good lifespan in years removed from Brenda's tender age of 17. on the opposite of the ladies, were five men who looked strict and stern as though the running of the country had taken their joy of life from them. Everyone at the table was so solemn and serious.

At the furthest end of the head of the table, sat Brenda on one side of the table and her father at the other end.

The elder at the end of the table, who knew how he could stand even leaning on his staff with the violent energy that his knees trembled with his efforts, never the less, stood to make his announcement.

"Now, I'd like you to meet the next in line to be heir, Brenda," his voice croaked and rattled so that she could barely understand him.

Everyone along the table clapped, and the lady closest to her pulled her arm until she was standing.

"Brenda will need to learn much," the ancient man croaked. "She has lived outside our kingdom for so long, that I fear that even with the time I have left as your monarch, it may not be enough time to prepare her."

"Sire," some concerned voices whispered his way. "Has the doctor given you news then?"

The majestic but feeble man waved a hand as if to say it was nothing, but the affect was more alarming as his hand shook as it reached into the air, and it fell heavily to his side.

"I will not pass along until my great-grand daughter knows what she is doing," he promised.

People along the tables started whispering to one another, but no one saw the ugly look one of the not so venerable men gave the girl as they quickly shared their thoughts.

"Though it would be most appropriate for a lady to teach Brenda the basics of feminism," the king went on. "I dare say, our best teacher is actually Ralph."

Ralph was one of the men sitting along the table which looked less noble and a bit younger than the other royal family members. He still held a look of disgust in his face as he watched Brenda, and she started to feel a little tingle of fear run down her spine. Still, she sat there thinking it would definitely upset everything if she moved or dared to point out his chilled grimaces towards her.

"So, Ralph will teach our new heiress her responsibilities, her history and facts, and her etiquette decorum and Sue, facing Ralph, will teach her to dress and move gracefully."

Ralph sported chestnut brown hair that covered the sides of his head and back, and left his own shiny bald plate towards the front and top his head. He had a heavy moustache that seemed to cover his mouth nearly halfway. His green eyes pierced your soul when he stared at you, and his hands were rough.

Sue, with golden slightly darkened blond hair, blue shiny bright eyes, and a small cute smile, sat most dignified at the table without hardly moving a muscle as the sovereign spoke to the table.

"Now, family and advisers, let us enjoy our evening nourishment before we turn in for the night, for I know that Brenda and her teachers will have a long day tomorrow."

With that, as if on cue, the first four waiters and waitresses brought in the first course of their dinner, a small bowl of soup with bread and cheese.

As they served the food, one of the younger women leaned in towards Brenda and whispered to her.

"I'm so sorry that Ralph will be your teacher," she hardly moved her lips as she whispered.

"Why?"

"Well, he most regrettably will not enjoy working with you because you see, before yesterday, no one knew you were even alive, and he thought for sure, that he'd be next in line to inherit the thrown since the king's own daughter had passed away nearly ten years before."

"Didn't anyone know that she had married or had a child?" Brenda whispered back with tears in her eyes.

"Actually, no. For the longest time, her pregnancy and marriage were kept a secret because she had married a commoner."

Brenda looked down unknowing what to respond with.

"It is good that he had an heir though. Much of our kingdom were threatening to break away if Ralph took over ruling, and though the king should be disgraced for allowing a half-person such as you to take his place, you at least, by law, are next in line, and most of the kingdom, though shocked and appalled at your appointment, has sworn to take you as their new sovereign."

Brenda started to shake a bit and her teeth shattered at that dreadful thought. She was not there because they wanted her, she was there as a last resort to hold the kingdom together. beads of sweat dotted her face, and her legs began to shake a little.

"I tell you this, highness," the woman said. "Not to drive you away, but to put you on guard with everyone at this table. I do not know whether I agree with you being my queen, but you are far preferable to a man that will drive us into a civil war."

The woman smiled when she saw Brenda shaking, and she proceeded to eat her soup, bread, and cheese while Brenda thought about her position.

