Tour de France

Author: Peter-P

*000*2021-09-30 07:12

Tour de France

(This fictive story contains a lot of never ending female desperation but no wetting)

We are in the year 2035 and sports has gotten much harder by a lot of new records. And there is an extraordinary novelty: The first female cyclist taking part of the original male Tour de France. This time I am the reporter to have an interview with her after winning – she really did – the tour. And I am proud about it, same as interested, how she managed all her fluid, she could not empty from her bike same as her male colleagues can do… I think our spectators from sportsTV our channel will be interested too.

Deborah “Deb” Joyner is a beautiful woman of just 5’ 2’’ (157.5 cm) with great legs and a sporty trained body. She was not as gaunt as many of her male colleagues are, but you can see her career from a ballet dancer to a fitness trainer with some influence of hard physics training same as her triathlon qualities – but all in all she is extremely female and absolutely very sexy looking. Deb’s ass is fascinatingly round and hard and her bosom could decorate a movie star. She has dark brown hair and beautiful hazel eyes, which can look that sexy, that it will be difficult not to forget my text in the interview.

Now we are on the air. Deb takes my breath away, but can we please start the interview now...?

She stood in front of me and was so much smaller than me. I thought about a stack of books to bring our eyes to the same level. But the time was too short for this. Deb must have guessed my thoughts. She stepped onto her absolute tiptoes as she had been done as a ballet dancer and smiled at me with a twinkle in her eyes. We could start!

“Congratulations Deb!”, I hear my voice in the earphone, “you are the first woman, doing the male Tour de France with the males – and this first time you promptly won the tour with a big distance to the next cyclist.”

“Yes, I had a long and hard training and I had to concentrate to reach the finish as soon as possible anyhow.”

“You did a lot of sports before and now took part to the male Tour de France with the males. The court decided, that you have the same rights as the male cyclists and cannot be banned from participating in the original Tour.”

“Yes, It was a long and hard fight at the court, same as it is a hard fight on the Tour!”, Deb smiles in her inimitable sexy way. I start sweating and have trouble to concentrate. But there also seems to be a certain interest in her eyes – that is encouraging and stabilizing me again.

“You did a lot of other sports before. You started as a ballet dancer and made it to the prima ballerina of the New York City Ballet. Then you left them and started an own fitness centre with a friend, did the triathlon same as the double triathlon, then trained for the bodybuilding championship first in fitness then in physics, but also won the quintuple triathlon in the same year. How did you reach that? Physics needs a lot of strong muscles and a triathlon needs an enduring and lean light weight body.”

"You're right, but I trained both at the same time – and so I found my personal compromise to show enough and well-defined, medium heavy endurance muscle and physical strength to show. And you're right, every ounce of muscle I have to drag with all my might over the triathlon distance. But that's pure training and willpower!"

"And along with this compromise, you have maintained and developed a physical and facial beauty that even we sports reporters very rarely see in our professional or personal lives...!"

“Thank you! – but you also don’t look bad…!”

Oups, now the arrow from Armour has hit me full on… I was not able to say my next sentence in this moment. Deb was the absolute ideal of a fascinating sexy, very very sporty and so beautiful woman – and she – yes she gave compliments to me? Her eyes looked into mine – and I just hoped she was not just playing a game with the sports reporter by simply passing the ball back to him...!

I had to concentrate to come back into my interview. And the next and last point was difficult, even without her sexy look into my eyes.

“Deb”, I heard my voice from far away, “Deb, there is another question many of our viewers are interested in.” I took a little break to concentrate. “The tour de France is one of the toughest cycling races over a long distance and with great differences in altitude. The segments are really long and without any stops. You start in the morning and are on tour until the afternoon. And you have to drink a lot to be able to manage these efforts. The male colleagues are allowed to pee from their bikes if necessary, if they are out of towns and no spectators looking. They are even allowed to push a team comrade along while he is peeing. So the question: You ride the tour without your own team – and you as a woman cannot pee off the bike without wetting yourself. Wet clothes on your bike seat would cause bad sores on your skin. Deb, sorry to ask, but how do you manage? Did you do any extra training for that muscle too?”

Debbie smiled at me, her feet moved and she tried to cross and squeeze her legs tight for a second. Then she again looked at me with her special sexy smile. She was still standing on her tip toes – as ballet dancers say ‘en pointe’. Was that caused this movement? But to get a more stable stance, you don't try to squeeze your legs, but you try to spread your legs… Then a suspicion arose in me: she had been on her bike all day, then it was just the time with the congratulations until the award ceremony on the stairs, the big champagne bottle had been shaken and the 3 winners had splashed each other. After that I had waited only briefly as the makeup artists washed and dried Deb's long hair so she would look good on TV. And now she was standing in front of me – with her bladder so extremely full – and I even asked her about her bladder control l now of all times…

Deb started with a little tremble in her voice: “I never liked toilets, specially no public ones. I often danced long ballets and had no chance to pee then. On triathlons it is possible to pee, but it takes valuable time. And on my bike I am able to sit, so it is not a real problem for a real woman. The only real problem is to win the Tour – and this I did !”

I could not withstand and asked: “But your male colleagues also have to pee. What is your secret? You cannot cross and squeeze your legs tight, you have to drink a lot – how much did you drink today? And you need a lot of air, so you cannot even press your lips together, when it gets hard. Partly you have to stand up to get more power to climb a mountain… How do you manage over all the hours?”

Debbie now started to really get nervous. The camera was on her and I could see her to clench her thighs. She still was standing ‘en pointe’. Her thighs started to tremble a little, but she saw my eyes looking to her legs and crotch and she promptly stopped to show any further signs of desperation. I felt caught in my act and got a little embarrassed. Deb looked at me, smiled, twinkled and then answered:” That is right. I am just human and I need to pee really urgent on the Tour. I daily consume about 6 to 10 litres of water and energy drinks, according to the weather and the difficulty of the stage of the Tour to go. No bladder contains so much fluid, but when it is full, it cannot fill anymore. Then I just have to wait until I reach the daily finish line. There is definitely no chance to go before for a female cycling racer, so I try to come to the finish line as soon as even possible. Probably this is my secret to win…”

“Thank you for this interview and I hope to see you again on the victory stairs also the next Tour! – This was Peter P. for SportsTV”

“Thank you too and bye to your watchers!”, Deb smiled to me and then into the camera.

When the camera and microphone were off, I looked at Deb and asked her, if she would like to enjoy a dink with me. She looked into my eyes for a long time. Now she did not smile…!

Then she asked me: “You know my situation, but still want to prolong me holding such a heavy and high pressure load of water? I can do that on my saddle and while moving my legs, but to stop and getting up after reaching the finish and standing straight upright right after is pure torture. Splashing with all that champagne was like pee – but my poor bladder was not allowed to. Do you like my agony?”

She added:” I liked you from the first second, but now I doubt…!”

“Sorry!”, I stammered, “it’s not your pain fascinating me. I am totally fascinated in you, your sexy eyes, your fabulous body, your way to talk – and when I found out, that you still haven't peed – and how much and hard you can hold it in all the time, even when talking about your bladder – that just made me horny. It was pure fascination how you are capable of such superhuman athletic performance. And so I tried to prolong that just bit more, because it is so fascinating to me…”

Deb looked deeply into my eyes and then asked me: “Do you want to let me wait until I wet myself after holding back for hours and doing the interview with you with my bladder’s last power?”

“No, I want – I would like to see – I just dream about you being strong, a strong athlete, a strong winner and a superhuman woman, who is able to hold her so overfilled and strained bladder even a little longer – for me…”, I told her with a trembling voice. “Do you think you will solve this for just one drink’s time?”

Debbie now again smiled at me. Her sexy eyes really hit me. “I like challenges!“ she told me. Let me dress and then be my guest for the whole evening and let’s see, how strong and enduring my bladder muscles and willpower can be…!”

I still was a little embarrassed, but Deb gave me a quick kiss onto my cheek, her face was lowering in front of me, as Debbie before stood on her tip toes, and then she went towards the houses and disappeared.

The next 10 minutes I stood there, totally fascinated and fancied, unable to get my dick under control.

Then somebody touched my shoulder and I looked into Debbie’s fascinating beautiful face. She again smiled and I enjoyed her warm looking eyes. She directly looked into my eyes on same level again. Did she again stand on her tip toes, I wondered and looked down her legs and for her feet.

Deb now wore a white micro short skirt and her brown and sexy muscular legs were fabulous. At her feet she was wearing a pair of extremely high heeled pumps. How high I could not see from my position.

“Wow!”, I heard my voice from far away. And Debbie stepped back to give me a full view onto her. Her skirt was extremely short and more than tight. Her t-shirt showed her fascinating tits and her nipples were erected. She wore no bra, but her big breast stood by itself. She must have worn a sports bra while her cycling. Now Deb for me turned around slowly. Her ass was so extremely fascinating, her legs and calves. And then I saw her heels. She wore a pair of 6” stiletto heels, thinner than a pencil. Debbie shook her open, lovely curled dark brown hair, and then watched me, sexily looking over her shoulder. Now she turned around, came back towards me, laughing and asked me: “What are you looking at me feet?”. She knew the answer, but she obviously liked to do some direct questions.

“I just look at your so high heels!”, I told her, all my fascination was openly in my voice. “How can you walk on these even just after the tour? Most woman cannot even walk proper on 3” or 4” heels.”

“Don’t you like to walk with me, while I am wearing high heels?”, Deb asked.

“I am really fascinated in high heels, specially if a beautiful woman is wearing them, who can properly walk on it. The higher the better – then.”

Deb smiled: “We can go to my hotel and I can change my shoes.”

“Do you have some even higher with you? – On the tour?”, I wondered.

“I am a little crazy!”, Deb answered playfully, “I can go on every heel height you want me to do. – And I will drink a lot of non-alcoholic and diuretic drinks and I will not pee – as long as you can stand it!”

“As I can stand it? Me?”

“Yes, my former friends all could not stand it seeing me holding my pee much too long. I can get all or nearly every man I want, but I lost them all…”

“Lost them, because your bladder was too full...???”

“Yes, that and my high heels! I really liked you from the first moment, but I now have to find out, if you can stand my crazy peculiarities and quirks. I don’t ever want to fall in love just to soon afterwards lose a man because of this. Either we match or I will have to end it before I completely fall in love!”

I had trouble to concentrate. This fascinating woman in front of me, the most fascinating woman of the world, who could have every man on earth and maybe in the universe was willing to get my girlfriend? I felt my knees weaken. Deb took my shoulders and held me with a strong grip. Yes, she was a fitness trainer and top in bodybuilding too. But she was the most sexy woman on earth too – not just for me…!

“OK, I think your full bladder will never be a problem for me. I before had a girlfriend holding her pee to the very last moment and then often got into trouble, because there was no loo in the critical moment. But she ever reached a clean toilet in time anyhow.”, I I appeased sexy Debbie.

"And how high are your highest heels? And at what heel height can you still walk properly?", I asked. "I think you don't have such a big shoe size that there are much higher heels than 6"...? - Of course, without platform and without ballet shoes!".

(6" = 15 cm)

“Right, I have small feet and 6”, partly 6.3” in my size is the maximum on the market, but I asked a shop to let the producer make some with 7” heels for me. And sure, platforms I don’t like too! Ballet shoes I just wear while ballet dancing, not the fetish ones!” (6.3” = 16 cm and 7” = 18 cm).

“And in your size you can walk properly even on 7" heels?” – “If I wouldn’t be able I would train for it anyhow!”

Now I was encouraged to come back to her bladder: “Debbie, how can you wear such a tight skirt with your so overly full poor bladder?”

“I just pull in my belly, no matter how it aches and spasms and cramps. If I pull in my belly, my bladder cannot fill too much and so it doesn’t make me too much trouble on my bicycle, when my thighs pitiless go up and down, squeezing and massaging my bladder. When it gets worse, I just start to wish to let my abs muscles allow my bladder to get more space, but if my swollen bladder collides and gets kneaded with my thighs at every turn of the pedal, that would be too much even for me!”

We walked to Debbie’s hotel and I saw her getting more and more nervous. When we stepped out of the lift, Deb pressed her now trembling legs together and moaned a little.

“Hey, Deb, don’t give up now – it is just starting!”, I quietly shouted to her.

“Sorry, but today it gets worse. I don’t know, if I can hold it much longer…”, Deb replied, “Probably it is just because my clean bathroom is so near , I so long waited for, but it really was a hard day for my bladder today.”

“I don’t want you to empty your bladder this soon. You were such a fascinating holder. What happened?”

“Yesterday I was really tired from the tour and so fell asleep before my evening pee. I had just bad dreams, but woke up not before morning. It was late, much too late then. I had not rea­lized the alarm clock and my coach was knocking, more hammering, at the door. My first look was the clock, and it was too late to have a shower! So just I jumped out of my bed and the same moment my eyes filled with tears. My bladder was so overly full, rockhard heavy and swollen, it looked like I was pregnant in last trimester… The pain was indescribably and hit my complete body. I felt my pee filling my urethra and did all to hold it in.

My coach again hammered at the door. I was unable to answer – and I knew I was unable to go on tour with all this water in me. So I hobbled towards the bathroom, locked the door – and while that my rooms door was opened with a key. I just could grab my clothes sat onto the loo and while an extreme jet of piss hit the bowl, I anyhow tried to get into my bike-clothes. My coach knocked at my bathroom door and shouted, that if I would not be at the start within 5 minutes, they would disqualify me. He of cause exaggerated, but in that moment I anyhow cut my peeing and came out of the bathroom, not even flushed the loo… In this state we drove to the start line in a police car, inside I took on my shoes and by this felt my bladder throbbing in protest to the cut stream. I realized my so swollen belly, pulled it in and put my shoes on.”

“And in that state you won the last part, the fighting stage of the Tour de France...?”

“Yes, it was hell and never ending torture. I hurried up much too fast to solve the complete distance, but my bladder drove me crazy. Anyhow I held my belly pulled in, got not enough air to cycle, but I did it. My bladder spasmed and got cramped more and more, my urethra felt full of pee too, but I was in such an adrenaline situation, that I just functioned…”

“…an won!”

“Yes, and when I stopped my legs wild movement, I nearly died. Adrenaline slowed down, my kidneys tried to press it into my bladder. My bodybuilder abs muscles pressed my bladder from outside not to look like pregnant. Then I nearly lost control, when standing up from my saddle…!”

“…and you had to answer stupid questions instead of having the so urgently needed break to pee, to finish your interrupted morning piss, the piss of your life…”

“Yes, the morning piss…!”, Debbie started to cry.

“And then the champagne shower, the make-up artist's hair wash instead of letting out your own water. And then my stupid questions about your bladder…!”

“That is OK, I love you for that questions, even if this was a new just more agonizing moment, but I saw your interest into my extreme pee holding – and I really fell in love. Before I just liked you more than most others.” Debbie smiled to me in her pain.

“Debbie, please show me how swollen your bladder is.”

“I will not be able to get back into this tight skirt then – and you seemed to like it…!”

“I like you – with or without that skirt!”

Deb opened her so extremely tight micro skirt, which was still dry, same as her white panties under it. Dry and clean. No drop had escaped!

“But please don’t get into shock! I will pull back in my belly again, if you disgust or just don’t like it! Please tell me – I won’t lose you!!!”

Deb shifted her panties a little down with both hands and then her belly grew and grew and grew horribly. A giant bulge from her public bone to nearly her lower rips bulged out even more and more. It now was about 2.5” (6 cm) prominent and it still came out as to explode every second. Now 4” (10 cm) prominent, it stopped. “Shall I stop?”, poor Debbie asked me in pain.

“Will your belly hurt when you let it bulge out a little more?”, my first reaction was.

“No, in the morning it was a bigger melon in me…!”, Debbie groaned, herself shocked from this sight.

“Let me see it in it’s total size, if your skin will survive…!”

At 4.5” (ca. 11.5 cm) it stopped.

“Can you look at it, or shall I better pull it in again immediately?”, Deb whispered.

“Let’s find out, how big your bladder gets, if you drink a lot and let your abs muscles relaxed!”, was my spontaneously said idea. I was firmly convinced, that a female goddess, who was able to win the Tour de France with such an overfilled bladder would also be able to fill her bladder to the absolute possible limit – and hold it in for one more hour. And she had invited me to go out with her one night – and even drink more on top now. I would insist, that she accompany me to a bar – after she had retracted her bladder again, of course....

Debbie filled a 3 litre bottle with pure water and started drinking. She downed half of it in one big gulp, as she drank a lot while sports. Her eyes were wide open and I could see sheer panic in it.

“That task will be extremely hard to solve, but I love you and I will do everything for you!”, Deb whispered.

Her wide open eyes looked into mine and I could see her pain and she was afraid to explode I knew by now. Sheer superhuman force and willpower had clamped her morning pee stream for now probably 12 hours. Her abs muscles had pressed it in and the pressure must have increased to a never known level. What an unbearable pain, what endless pain, what frustration not to be able to pee out this masses of water without loosing all. She would have lost the Tour and press would have print her picture with wet pants. The world would have laughed about her, the woman, who went to court to be allowed to pee her pants on the Tour de France… Yes, they would send women back behind the stove to cook for the family. Nobody would enter her fitness centre any more. Every contest she would start for, would be bad publicity for her. So she held it in with all her force. Just 10 more minutes, just 10 more again, just 1 more minute, just 1 more kilometre, just the next meter, just one more second…

Debbie told me about her thoughts and feelings. And she went through all states again. I saw her pain, her exhaustion, her desperation. I could imagine as she frantically turned her pedals, stepped and kicked it furiously to reach the bathroom, which was a day and hundreds of kilometres with some high and steep mountains away. How really bad must that have been. And at the end the feeling to loose the saddle, which before had pushed her pee back in, which closed and sealed her pee hole.

Even not being able to struggle wildly any more, after she reached the finish line. Just wait to for the loo, standing and smiling, while she was in such an urgent need and in such a hurry and infinite torture. Answer questions about training, sports, power, being a woman, her process she won at the court weeks ago. She had to pee so bad – now!!! Why all this procedure??? It was so urgent and she was unable to hold it just one more second…! It was burning so bad, her so extremely overfull bladder was so hard, pressed into so little space. She could not show all this, not her pain, not her bursting to exploding bladder and belly, was not allowed to just twist and squeeze her legs tight, would have had to hold her crotch or at least tap from foot to foot.

And then the champagne splashing. OK, she won, but damned, she didn’t not want to go onto the victory stairs to be seen from everybody in the world in this state of extreme torture. The only thing she wanted to do, was to let out all her yesterday's, night and morning pee! And all the water she had drunk on top to keep hydrated during the race. Then she opened the bottle. It was so big and heavy! Stemming a heavy bottle was not so hard for her, a decorated female bodybuilder, but this battle with the bottle… It was as high as her upper body and all that fluid inside – same as inside her. She shook it, her bladder revolted, she had to bend over in a major spasm. She had these bladder spasms and cramps all few kilometres on the tour, but now she had to stand here and not show any sign of a full bladder ready to explode or to blast the way free for her pee to escape.

Her poor body must think any blockade would close her pee hole and all the high pressure water seemed to be blocked to damage her kidneys. She could understand, why her body automatically tried to push it out with all it’s force, but she had to keep it in with all her willpower and conscious force. She opened the cork of the bottle and held her bladder shut and closed. All the fluid jetted out of the bottle – but she had to hold in her own jet of her body's fluid. So much inspiration, how it could be, if just there were no people, no cameras…! She never was so desperate. Yes, she had a strong bladder and she liked to hold her pee in at parties. She won every pee holding contest, even won bodybuilding strength contests with a really full bladder.

But she never filled her bladder to bulge out as obscene as in this morning. And now Debby pulled in her belly to look normally – and then drank. OK, when she went to her toilet after a long evening and a lot of wine or beer and a lot of water too, her bladder got prominent after she relaxed her abs muscles, but just about 2” or 2.5” (5-6 cm), never this extreme.

Oh god, she was hit by the water, no from champagne, on her victory stairs. It was cold and wet – the feeling she could not just think about actually. Her clothes got soaked. She was so desperate, wanted to do the pee pee dance, to bend over, to hold her crotch, to get beamed up to the hotel, but she had to play this cruel torturous game for the spectators and cameras…

When it was over, she tried to reach the next house, but her coach held her back. Didn’t he do enough bad to her this morning? She knew, her thoughts were not fair, but it was so cruel…!!!

“You have a TV interview now. SportsTV wants to spread the news all over the world now. Think what we talked about and tell them what you did. Do good things and talk about!”

Debbie felt like a little child now. She was so strong and just this little muscle inside her should destroy it all at the end? It was quite impossible to hold this pressure back any more. No saddle – no longer hold it! What a cruel torturous day! All the pain just to wet her pants in front of a TV camera to send her predicament all over the world…!?

Then the make-up artist had to wash her long curled hair. Never sportsmen had to wash their hair before an interview, but she had to. And just this time… Her bladder tortured her so bad, the pee needed to come out – now! And to now even get warm water over her head – warm water as her hot pee down inside her…

Then her hair got dried – endlessly. She should have cut it before the tour… The hair drier sounded as the noise of a water jet hissing out of her – every sound was a hissing actually. Deb could feel major spasms in her bladder. She did not move anyhow, but in her agony wondered, how she was able to stand more than 2 or 3 major spasms directly one after the other. That was absolutely impossible, but actually it worked – anyhow. Was that good? Wouldn’t it be better to let it out now? No camera here, but just the stylist… Again and again she asked this question to herself – and than it was too late. “You are ready, stand up please!”

No, she was absolutely not ready, same as she was not ready in the morning, when her coach let her stand up!

Debbie stood up as driven by a remote control, could not believe, what she did. And a big, a giant wave from her bladder hit her, followed by another series major spasms. Yes, she had stood up with her so full bladder. Her bladder protested and her body agreed to that – just all these people wanted her to wait longer and longer and longer – until it was too late. She nearly cried. She was just a human being, not wonder woman and not god… Even wonder woman would have peed in her state, she was quite sure. That was a fact. She obviously just dreamed. Such a pressure was impossible. It was just her dream from the morning… She should wake up before all this would happen, before her coach entered her room…!

Brave Debbie went to the place, where the camera and the transmission truck was. Then there was a man with a microphone, who looked at her fascinated. Deb came back to reality and realized, that this was the reporter – and she liked him. She would hold all her pee just for him, not for TV or all people on earth, but for him!

Debbie realized, that she – again in her life – was too small for her interviewer. He seemed to think about it. He looked at his watch and it seemed to give a problem. Deb was a ballet dancer before and was able to dance ‘en pointe’ – and for this guy she would dance. Deb raised up to her absolute tip toes. Her bike shoes blocked her feet to bend and she took all her strong calves' power and her eyes came up to his eyes level. Her exhausted calves protested threatened to cramp, but there was no way to go back down now.

Then the questions came. That reporter seemed to fall in love – or already was in. She smiled at him. Her bladder's protest was horror and sheer agony, but she would do her best for this man.

Then he told her, that he was fascinated about her beauty and body. Everybody liked her, but she did not like everybody. But this guy was a man she liked and she told it to him: “Thank you! – but you also don’t look bad…!”

Obviously the arrow from Armour totally hit him… He for a short time was not able to say his next sentence… Debbie looked into his eyes and felt deep emotions.

Then that man asked her about her bladder – oh please not about my bladder, pee, pain, my swollen belly, ready to explode, please no!

“The tour de France is one of the toughest cycling races over a long distance and with great differences in altitude. The segments are really long and without any stops. You start in the morning and are on tour until the afternoon. And you have to drink a lot to be able to manage these efforts. The male colleagues are allowed to pee from their bikes if necessary, if they are out of towns and no spectators looking. They are even allowed to push a team comrade along while he is peeing. So the question: You ride the tour without your own team – and you as a woman cannot pee off the bike without wetting yourself. Wet clothes on your bike seat would cause bad sores on your skin. Deb, sorry to ask, but how do you manage? Did you do any extra training for that muscle too?”

Debbie tried to smile, was able to smile at this guy, she would do everything for actually. Then she felt an urge like never before in her life, her feet moved and she tried to squeeze her legs for a second. Then she again was looking at the reporter with her special sexy smile.

“Would that man have a suspicion about my actual feeling?”, Debbie thought, “about my so extremely full bladder – and he even asked her about her bladder control…”

Deb started with a little tremble in her voice: “I never liked toilets, specially no public ones. I often danced long ballets and had no chance to pee then. On triathlons it is possible to pee, but it take valuable time. And on my bike I am able to sit, so it is not a real problem for a real woman. The only real problem is to win the Tour – and this I did !”

Oh no, he asked more into this direction, Deb was no more able to hold it any further second!

“But your male colleagues also have to pee. What is your secret? You cannot cross and squeeze your legs tight, but you have to drink a lot – how much did you drink today? And you need a lot of air, so you cannot even press your lips together, when it gets hard. Partly you have to stand up to get more power to climb a mountain… How do you manage over all the hours?”

Debbie now started to really get nervous. The camera was on her and I could see her to clench her thighs. She still was standing ‘en pointe’. Her thighs started to tremble a little, but she saw my eyes looking to her legs and crotch and she promptly stopped to show any further signs of desperation. I felt caught in my act and got a little embarrassed. Deb looked at me, smiled, twinkled and then answered:” That is right. I am just human and I need to pee really urgent on the Tour. I daily consume about 6 to 10 litres of water and energy drinks, according to the weather and the difficulty of the stage of the Tour to go. No bladder contains so much fluid, but when it is full, it cannot fill anymore. Then I just have to wait until I reach the daily finish line. There is definitely no chance to go before for a female cycling racer, so I try to come to the finish line as soon as even possible. Probably this is my secret to win…”

“Thank you for this interview and I hope to see you again on the victory stairs also the next Tour! – This was Peter P. for SportsTV”
