A day at the fair (A short story)

Author: BroderMibran

*000*2019-08-22 00:12

Hey Guys, this is my first upload so I made, and tries to upload a tale as a test.

So feel free to give me some feed back if you like.

And please bare over with me. English is not my first language, the might be some disspellings I haven't corrected (hopefully I can then changes them afterward if you let me know in the comments)

Regards Mibran

A day at the fair

Mei loves her big brother Sean. She is really proud of having him as her brother. He always stands up for her if she has any problems, makes her laugh if she is sad and being there for her so she always feels comfort around him since she knows he would always be there for her and be able to protect her.

But this day was different, very different…

“Hey Mei”, said Sean, “Would you like an Ice cream? I have some money left from mom”

Sean had just become 11 years old, so their parents believes that he now was old enough to walk around on his own, and Mei followed him around as always, so their mother gave them some money to spend.

Mei looked up at her brother smiled with a big grin, “Yes please, can I have strawberry please?”

“Sure you can”, Sean smiled back at her padding her head gently.

They went to the store, and Sean bought 2 Ice creams, a strawberry for his sister and a chocolate for himself. He really favoured chocolate.

“Let’s walk down the alley at the backside”, he said, “there are less people to avoid.”

“Sure Sean!”

As they went down the alley they met two boys walking toward them. To avoid them Mei, with her brother at the right, she instantly turn left around them, but Sean was a big boy now, even though these boys both looked like 12 years old, he did not want look weak in front of his sister, so he went straight ahead.

The boy to the right looked rather skinny and not that strong, but the other guy looked a little stronger and more regular but nothing much.

As they walked pass them, the regular guy avoided Sean to his right and accidental hit Mei’s hand so she spilt some of her ice cream at her shirt. She stopped and looked down at her shirt, looking a little sad.

“Hey watch where you are going”, Sean yelled, while he grabbed the boys left arm and turn around toward him.

“Apologize to her” he commanded.

“No, I don’t want to” the guy said.

“It’s okay big brother” Mei said rather frightened “He don’t have to do it if he don’t want to, I’m okay”

“No!” Sean insisted, “Apologize!” he said and holds the guys arm more firmly.

“He is not going to” said the skinny guy who had his back turned to them since he pass them, but being rather cool and tough.

In an instant of a moment he turned around, grappled Seans hand, so he was forced to release his grab at the guy, and in the same movement, he by that single hand, pushed Sean hard backward so he lost his balance and as he went to the ground, Sean hurts he knee.

“Hey watch what you are doing” Sean said, nursing his knee. He looked like crying but refused to do so, not in front of his sister.”

“Oh a tough guy!” the skinny one said.

“Let’s see how tough he is”, he continued, fisting his hand and pretended to hit Sean but stopped an inch before his nose.

Sean looked frighten, but luckily the guy stood between him and his sister so she could not see how scared he was.

Sean relaxed when he realised he was not going to be hit. But in the moment he relaxed, he accidentally relieved himself, and peeing his pants. The guy, now standing over him, looked down at him with an awkward smile.

“Oh not that much a man after all” he said

Sean was embarrassed and so he blushed. But he did not want his sister to know.

“Go find mom and dad, Mei, I will be right behind you, when I have taken care of these guys” He said with a vague confidents in his voice.

Mei turned and prepared to begin to run, but in that moment, the other guy raised his arm in front of her.

“No” he said, “Stay and see how tough your brother really are!”

Mei couldn’t do anything but stop, and turned toward her brother, who tried to hide the fact that he had wet himself.

“We can’t have you look that way”, the skinny guy said with a grin, “Not in front of your sister at least, so let me help you!” he said in a strange almost friendly voice.

He begun to take of Sean’s pants, and Sean helplessly let him do so.

“No” Sean busted out, “My sister can see me this way!”

The guy, who now had taken Sean’s pants off him continued to undress him.

“But I want to make you a man”, He said, “A man don’t pee his pants like a baby”.

He places both his hands at Sean’s hips, and firmly pulled down his underwear, stripping him from waist and down too.

“I never seen you like this” Mei said, very surprise, and a little modest, and shy.

“No!” Sean said rather crying, “Look away!” he said. “Don’t look at me!”

He covered his crotch as well as he could and couldn’t hold it any longer, he started to cry.

“Oh!” he skinny guy said. “He is not just a baby!” holding back a little to have a short pause, “He is a cry baby!”

After another short pause, the guy over by Mei said “Shall we move on?”

“Sure” said the skinny guy, “I don’t want to waste more time on this!”

He thrown Sean’s clothes down to the side of Sean, and Sean turned over onto his right side, toward his clothes, curl up a little, just lying there covering himself, crying.

As the guys walked away, he sits up and started to take on his cloth still crying a little.

His sister walked toward him, went up from behind, and hugging him over his still bare shoulders while she said:

“You are still the best big brother in the world!!!”

(Author: Mibran)

