Late Night Office Predicament

Author: MaiLoveheart

*000*2014-08-09 21:44

I'm reviving an old story thanks to encouragement from a friend - please be nice about grammar and stuff because in order to show true desperation and I write while I'm absolutely bursting myself so my focus is a bit split. So here you go :)

Chapter 1

Kathryn was a young girl, small build, red hair and a pale skin tone. She was quite young to be working in the high level of the business industry but she had worked very hard in college and high school to get this opportunity and she took advantage of every moment, never slacking ever. Today had been busy as ever for Kathryn, she had hardly had a chance to stop working since she walked in the door. She did some paperwork, made spreadsheets, and held an important office meeting. The young girl didn't do well with speaking in front of crowds so she had been nervous all day anticipating the meeting she had to lead. This along with the fact that the AC was out in the building and it was very warm had led to Kathryn drinking an excessive amount. She had a fairly large bladder and was usually able to make it through the work day without needing a wee.

It helped that she kept herself so busy and didn't have time to think about her need. She had went to the loo early that morning, but that loo break was followed by a large mug of coffee, a glass of orange juice, and she had filled her water bottle about six times throughout the day. Kathryn was working late this evening, something she did often. She couldn't help but notice her heel was clicking ferociously against the hard floor and she had her thighs tightly clenched together. Despite being absolutely bursting for a restroom break she kept working as if there was no need at all. She was always going above and beyond to impress her bosses because she was nervous they'd find someone older or wiser to fill her position even though her boss had tried to tell her otherwise many times.

Regina was a little bit older, mid-forties. She was still a very pretty lady, a latino with a sassy attitude. Her and Kathryn didn’t get along to well. Regina had applied for the same job that Kathryn was now doing, but was not chosen for that position but rather one below her. She felt like she was older and knew more about the business so she was quite envious of the young girl. This often meant snarky looks, and deep sighs when she had to be given instruction by the young red-head. Regina had a nagging ache in her lower abdomen but was trying to do some extra inventory done for the night and was in a hurry to get home.

That was the difference between Kathryn and Regina, Kathryn was always looking for extra work to do. Regina had to do the overtime for the money so she could get the bills paid. Regina had a sick daughter and needed the extra money to go towards her medical bills. That was part of the jealousy too, Kathryn’s salary was much higher. But, a job was a job and despite her sass Regina did well at what she was doing. She wanted to get home to her daughter and be able to help cook dinner for her husband so she was rushing to finish up this last little bit of inventory. Her bladder was trying to convince her that she needed to get back to the loo first but she did her best to ignore it.

As they were both intently working, the only two left in the building this late at night they heard a loud smash. Kathryn went wandering down the rows of cubicles. Being distracted from her work for the first time today, “Hello, is anyone there?” she called out. And her walk became more of a dance because she realized as she walked down the rows her bladder really was bursting for a wee. “Oooh, man.” She moaned as she tried to cradle the bulge in her lower abdomen. Just then she heard a cry out from what sounded like Regina, a loud crash, and then she felt a smack of pain in the back of her head before everything went black.

Chapter 2

The lids of her eyelids lightly faded open, emerging into consciousness. It took Kathryn a minute to full take in the situation she was in. They were in a small, very plain, mostly white room with not much in it. They included herself and Regina. And in just a moment’s time calm, tranquility of the room became panic as Kathryn had two realizations. She was tied to a chair and couldn’t move her arms or legs, and she was absolutely desperate for a wee. Regina still seemed to be out of it, Kathryn quietly begged for her to wake. “Regina, Regina, REGINA!” She said in a loud whisper.

Regina woke to the sound of her name being called. “huh?” She looked around, the bright white of the room was giving her a head ache so her eyes drifted open and shut a couple times so she could get used to the brightness of the room. Less panicked than Kathryn, and more concerned about the fact that she needed the bathroom Regina called out “What is this? Can I please go, I need to pee!” Kathryn was scared, and she quietly begged Regina to be quiet, “Regina, don’t. Don’t, please.” But, Regina was persistent. She looked at Kathryn, “Look little girl, I’m gonna call out if I want. I have to pee, I haven’t been since this morning.” Kathryn’s eyes started to water.

“I need to pee to, I’ve been drinking all day, and haven’t been since about 5 oclock this morning. But I also don’t wanna get killed, this person is obviously not afraid to use violence for what they want.” She said trying to convince Regina that they could deal with the bathroom situation later. Kathryn was also trying to convince her own bladder of this. She clenched her muscles together the best she could to hold back the flood, but it wasn’t very easy because her legs were tied apart from each other and her hands behind her back.

From a speaker in the corner of the room they heard “Quiet down now ladies. Everything is going to be alright.” Regina hollered back “No it’s fucking not, I’m about to piss all over the place if you don’t let me out of here!” And Kathryn just kept her mouth quiet as tears rolled down her face. The man across the loudspeaker cleared his throat and asked “Would you like to be able to pee Regina?” And Regina looked at the speaker in disbelief “Well, obviously!” she said practically dancing in her seat.

Kathryn just sat in her pain. Her bladder had become so full and her muscles so sore, but she suffered through it, and forced her quivering muscles to keep working. The man’s voice behind the loudspeaker gave the following directions “Jane will be coming in just a few minutes, she will allow you relief.” Regina turned to Kathryn “See you just have to ask for what you want.” Kathryn just turned her head away and quietly said. “I don’t trust him, or his little assistant. I will hold my pee in like an adult.” This left Regina absolutely furious, did this little girl just insinuate that she wasn’t an adult because she needed to pee?

CHAPTER 3

There was a decent amount of time where the two women just sat in awkward silence. Waiting for the enigmatic Jane to arrive and staying completely focused on their bladders. Each in their own way. Regina, the more obvious about her need, was doing some sort of awkward shuffle/dance in her seat, trying to find some level of comfort. While Regina made her need blatantly obvious, Kathryn's need had become so strong that even if she was comfortable shifting around like Regina it wouldn't do her any good. Her bladder had been so full before, that it was to the point where it had no growing room, and was just stretching painfully outwards trying to accept the liquids her body kept producing. She was a fairly thin girl, and the bulge in her lower abdomen was very obviously protruding and it was torment to move even the slightest bit.

Then through two huge metal doors that slid open, the women hadn't even noticed them before because they were painted the same color of the walls, very well hidden. A very beautiful woman entered the room, and the only noise in the room was the shuffle of Regina, and the click, clack, of Jane's very tall heels hitting the tile floor with each step. She brought rolled in a cart, similar to one they'd use for room service. But, on the cart was a strange arrangement of things that looked like they might be used in a surgical office. This was the first time that even Regina got scared, what had she gotten herself into? All for a wee, maybe Kathryn had been right. Jane was tall, very thin but curvy in the right places, wearing nothing but a very small little black dress, and those red heels.

"Alright ladies, now I don't want you to be alarmed. Nothing that I have here is going to hurt you. It is Mister Dwayne's orders that I am following so please don't be alarmed. He's a very trusted doctor, and we are just testing some of his newly invented methods. First thing I need to do is remove your pants, as to insert this small device into your peehole, it's similar to a catheter." Jane said trying to reassure and help the women understand their circumstances. "I know it might be kind of uncomfortable to have someone that up close to your private area, but please try to stay calm as, I need to insert the machine in properly."

Regina was really scared, but she also couldn't ignore the fact that she felt like she was literally going to flood this chair any minute. "What about getting to pee? I really really need to go..." She trailed off quietly, scared of the response. But, despite being scared, something about Jane's tranquility and her calm tone helped both girls feel a bit more comfortable than they would have otherwise. Having another girl there, made the whole thing seem a little less scary for some reason. Almost, like she understood their predicament. "Regina, this machine here will allow you relief, if you can just please hold it until I get the machine in, Mister Dwayne will be very upset if you get his floor wet." She assured the middle-aged latina, she would get relief. This helped her relax a little bit, but not much. Kathryn's entire body was stiff with desperation, her muscles absolutely quivering, using their very last efforts to hold on to all the pee desperately trying to get by.

Jane calmly came towards Regina with a pair of scissors, "I need to cut your jeans off, as I've been instructed not to uncuff you. I'm sorry for the strange procedure." Regina allowed the women to do it, as all she could think about at the time was her need to pee, nothing else. The women slid Regina's black lacy panties aside, and slid her fingers between her lips. Regina's body got tense, her skin was tingly with goosebumps. Nervous, confused, and slightly turned on. She allowed the strange women to put the little plastic machine in her peehole, it felt a little odd, just like it didn't belong but it didn't hurt. "I don't feel any relief yet? I still have to go really really bad." Regina whined. Having the women messing around down there did not help her situation at all. "Don't worry, shortly. Just hold on." She said with a reassuring pat on the shoulder.

Jane went over to Kathryn, who looked incredibly scared. "Sweetheart, don't worry. I'm not here to hurt you. But, I do have to put the little plastic machine inside you too, okay?" Kathryn nodded her head slightly between her sobs from the pain of her bladder, and her terror of the situation she was in. The women was more easily able to cut open Kathryn's pants because they were a dress pants material rather than jean. "Please hurry!" Regina hollered. "I'm trying dear, Just hold on a little bit longer." Jane tried to keep both ladies calm. As uncomfortable as she was with the situation, the promise of relief for her bladder was sounding quite good for Kathryn too so she let the woman insert the little device.

She grabbed a long tube like thing off of the cart and attached it to the end of the plastic thing in her peehole. Meekly Kathryn asked "What's th--at for?" Jane didn't immediately answer but rather went over to Regina and put the other end of the tube into her machine. "Now girls, please don't panic. This is all part of the process. But your bladders are both connected now by the machines and if you need relief your pee will be going into the other woman, so please try to collaborate and work together. You have no way to stop the other woman's pee from going inside you if she pees, so keep that in mind." Jane said before leaving the room.

The womens' eyes widened, they were left dumbfounded by what they just heard. Here they were, both unquestionably dying for a wee and the only way they could get relief was to further strain the bladder of the other.

Chapter 4

Regina started to sweat a bit and panic as she heard the restrictions of the machine. She certainly didn’t like Kathryn, but she wasn’t heartless and the poor girl looked like she was not just desperate but actually in pain. So many thoughts ran through her brain, all pertaining to this odd situation they were in and also her desperate need to pee. They were abruptly interrupted as she was brought back to reality with a poke in her arm. “Ow, dammit!” She jumped a bit, startling her full bladder and letting out a tiny leak. “What the hell are you doing?” She questioned the attendant who was now putting something that looked like an IV into her arm. “It’s part of the procedure miss. If I don’t put this in then you’re not allowed to have the machine that lets you pee.” Regina was so mentally and physically exhausted and scared that she simply let the woman put the IV into her arm. The same thing was done into Kathryn.

Kathryn’s face was absolutely red, she had hardly said anything. Her bladder was so full and distended that it actually felt like it was stretching from inside her. But to Kathryn, working together with Regina meant that they’d both just have to hold their own weight and not let go. Kathryn was in a serious amount of pain though, like fearful that she was harming her body pain because her abdomen was so rock hard. She looked nearly 3 months pregnant because it was so distended. Fortunately this meant that she couldn’t really pee easily even if she wanted to, her bladder was completely clamped up. No ability to relax whatsoever. Kathryn was in her own world until she realized that some strange sensation was pressing up against her peehole. She looked down and saw yellow warm liquid streaming down the tube. “Regina! Please… don’t, I can’t hold it. It hurts so badly already.” She started to sob as the pressure managed to somehow increase tenfold.

“I’m sorry Kathryn, but it was coming out of me. It didn’t matter how hard I tried to hold it in.” She was genuinely sorry. Regina just kept sobbing as the pain level grew immensely. Her bladder was holding amounts that no one should be able to hold.

Little did the girls know, Dwayne’s innocent assistant was enjoying herself at the moment watching the girls struggle. She had flipped a switch on Kathryn’s side of the machine so that no matter how hard she tried she could not pee, but Regina’s pee would continue to enter Kathryn. Through her sobs Kathryn said “You didn’t try hard enough… I’m in so much pain and my body is like shutting down, I’m so cramped up… it hurts so.. bad. I can’t even pee..” Kathryn, unaware that this was intentional simply tried to succumb herself to the pressure being added. Regina must have peed for about a minute and half, her normal fullness was now like triple what her bladder was used to holding.

In addition to flipping Kathryn’s switch, Jane had also made Regina’s flow of liquid coming out of the IV much higher – so she’d need to pee frequently. Assuming correctly that Regina would be willing to pee into Kathryn, she had set this up to see what the true limits of Kathryn’s bladder was. Jane bit her lower lip a little bit as she waited out their torment. Her body quivered when she thought of all the torment she'd be putting them through...

*002*2014-08-10 10:26

{{: 

Well. That was different. I enjoyed most of it, but at the end i felt so sorry for Kathryn and couldn't help but cringe.

Will you be writing more or is that the end?

}}

There will be more and I'm not sure how I'm going to do it but I plan on Kathryn getting some revenge :) so don't you worry about her!

