The Holding Technique - Lesbian Desperation

Author: misslunaswift

*000*2014-07-01 09:59

Here's chapter 1 of my latest Kindle story "The Holding Technique

."

It's about a doctor and her patient trying a new treatment together. The theory is if you hold in your pee for as long as possible, you gain control over your body and then over your mind and then you feel great! By the end of the story Scarlett and her doctor are incapable of holding in their pee or their mutual lust any longer.

In chapter 1 Scarlett is about to begin her appointment with the doctor to discuss how best to treat her depression...

Chapter 1 - A Patient Desperately Needs My Help

As she lay there looking up at my dripping pussy, a mixture of arousal and disgust evident in her eyes, I began to wonder if maybe I'd gone too far. It was only meant to be an experiment after all.

Scarlett Harrison wasn't my ordinary kind of patient. Maybe that's why I tried such an extraordinary technique with her. I'd only learned about "The Holding Technique," a few weeks ago at a conference. I was sceptical at the time but when Scarlett was sat opposite me in my office, reeling off her list of symptoms, I began to wonder if perhaps she was the perfect candidate to try it out.

The theory was pretty simple, if a bit new age hippy for my liking but my colleagues swore by it. If someone is lacking in confidence, anxious, nervous, feeling miserable, everything Scarlett was when she first appeared before me, then there's a guru somewhere thousands of miles away who claimed to have the perfect answer. Get them to hold in their pee.

It sounds mad, I know and back then I thought it was crazy too. And to be honest, if I'd known where trying it out would get me, I'm not sure I'd have started the experiment in the first place. Or maybe there was a part of me that was always into desperation, I just never realised it before. Who knows?

Anyway, back to the theory. Basically if I could get my patients to learn to hold in their pee for as long as humanly possible, it would teach them they had control over at least one thing in their lives and from that tiny mental acorn a great oak of self-control, self-esteem and self-confidence would follow. I was already kind of trying it out, hoping to last until the end of the day before visiting the bathroom, feeling more and more uncomfortable as the afternoon ticked slowly by.

So when Scarlett told me nothing else had worked, no drugs, no therapy, nothing, that decided it for me, well that and the pleading look in her eyes. If this didn't work, what else was there to try? I couldn't leave this beautiful, innocent young woman to suffer alone without at least trying something.

"We're going to try a new treatment with you," I began, holding out the leaflet I'd received at the conference. "Have a read of this and tell me what you think."

I used the silence to think. I ran my eyes up and down Scarlett, the hunched over shoulders, the downcast face, the general demeanour of one who's been defeated by the world. But behind it I could see the beauty within. She really was attractive. I mean I don't look bad. I'm tall, my boobs are pretty perky considering I'm the wrong side of forty. I can still draw glances on the rare occasions in the summer when I wear a bikini but even in her frumpy choice of clothes, Scarlett beat me hands down.

Sure, some of it was her age. She was a good twenty years younger than me. Her notes gave me her exact date of birth but she looked even younger than her age, having the flawless skin of someone just stepping out into the adult world. If it wasn't for her chest I'd have said she was probably about to start college. She had the ridiculously large breasts of a WW2 painting on the side of a plane about to set off on a bombing raid. They were cartoonishly big even as she tried to mask them in her overlarge blue woolly sweater.

Don't judge me for what I did next. Call it a perk of the medical profession. Or call it abuse of a patient doctor relationship. You didn't do the years of training I did and one thing I was taught was to examine the body to judge the mind. I didn't ask her to go as far as she did. That was her choice. Don't blame me please.

"I...I don't know," Scarlett said when she'd finished reading the leaflet, holding it out to me.

"No, you keep it for now," I replied.

"Will it work?" she asked, still hardly making eye contact with me. "I mean I'll try anything if it works to make me feel better."

I leaned back in my chair. "I'll be honest with you Miss Harrison. I don't know if it'll work. They had some testimonials at the conference and the feedback from my colleagues has been broadly positive but I've never tried anything like this. It would be something of an...experiment. I understand entirely if you'd rather we tried something else."

She looked up at me then, a flash of anger in her eyes before it vanished again. "I've tried everything," she muttered. "I just want to feel good about myself for once in my life. Let's do it."

"Okay," I replied, strangely excited about the prospect. If this worked, maybe I'd roll it out for more of my patients. Could make this the happiest city in the world, if not the wettest.

"What if it doesn't work?" she asked, bringing me out of my reverie. "I'm a bit scared about something experimental like this, especially if nobody's done it before."

I thought for a moment before making a decision that although I didn't know it at the time, would change my life forever.

"Well let's do it together," I said. "I don't think it's fair for you to try something that might be dangerous. We'll both do it and I'll stop things if I think they're going too far. How does that sound?"

A smile almost flickered across her lips. Was I really the first person to ever be nice to her? That couldn't be right. I ran my eyes over the notes of the conference before looking up. "Step one is to examine you. Check you're sound before we embark on this. Would you mind undressing for me?"

I hope you all liked chapter 1. If you're desperate you can get the whole thing from this link

. If you prefer to hold it in for a while I might even pop chapter 2 up on here!

Love Luna

