Tales Omorashi

Author: Eeveeluver00

*000*2012-03-15 00:36

CHAPTER ONE.

Anise's Wet Rebirth

"Tear, cheer up, today's a day of celibration. Just think of all he's meant to us!"

Tear sighed and looked at Natalia.

"But now he's gone." she whispered.

"They're gone." Natalia corrected.

"And I miss them too."

"You ladies alright back there?" Guy called.

"We're just fine! ^_^" Anise sang, jumping up behind Guy and hugging him.

"Gya! Anise! S-stop it! Enough is enough! Please stop! Stooooooooooooooooop!"

Jade pushed his glasses farther up on his face.

"Well, I must say, Anise, you two are getting along nicely now, aren't you?"

"J-Jade! D-d-d-don't you get carried away too!" he froze as Anise climbed up onto his back.

"Uruuuhh… A-Anise, g-g-g-g-g-g- G-GET OFF!" he unsheathed his sword just as Anise flung herself off his back, landing triumphantly on her giant plushie's back. Guy moaned and fell to the ground as his own sword smacked him in the face and fell to the ground. Anise giggled and jumped down. Guy pulled himself to his feet and grabbed his sword. He began to slowly back away as Anise drew nearer.

"Anise, d-don't you dare-" he slammed into Tear, who had been walking by.

"G-gyaaaaaaa!" he turned and ran, only to come face to face with Natalia. He fell backwards.

"Guy, I'd say that's enough fooling around for one day!" she scolded.

"Y-y-yes, N-Natalia."

Guy stood up, whipped the grass, dirt, and blood off his face, and the group continued on their way.

"I'm tiered." Anise complained.

"Guuuy!"

Guy turned around.

"Wh-what?"

"Guuuuuy! I'm b-o-r-e-d!"

"Now Anise," said Jade.

"If you want something from him, is that any way to get it?"

"No Sir!"

"Well…"

"Yes Sir. Peta, peta, peta, peta, peta, peta…"

"St-stop it! Gyaaha-aa! J-Jade, don't encourage her! Woah! Ahhhhrg!"

Natalia rolled her eyes, and Tear wept silently.

"Oh Luke," she murmered.

"C-c'mon, guys, we-we gotta tight schedule. Kn-knock it off now." Guy whimpered.

"GUYS!" shouted Natalia.

The two straitened up.

"Yes, Natalia." they said in unison.

Anise slumped down on her plushie's back.

"It's hoooooot." she moaned, pulling out a canteen of water and swallowing half the clear liquid in one gulp.

"We're almost there," whispered Tear.

The group arrived half an hour later.

Tear sat on the rock where she and Luke had met the first time, then, a year later, the last.

She closed her eyes and sang. The sweet, angelic sound filled the air, carrying with it all of Tear's greif and sadness, and the heavy weight on all their shoulders.

"Luke," Tear whispered after she finished singing.

A strong wind blew, carrying voices.

Words.

"Mystearica," it murmured.

"Tear."

"Luke, don't leave me."

"I must." the wind whispered back.

"Luke?"

There was no reply.

"Luke!"

The rest of the group stood back, faces nearly expressionless.

Guy had his sword in the ground and his head lowered. Natalia was looking down, face pale and blank. Jade stared straight ahead, hair blowing in the wind. Anise was facing the other direction, hiding her tear-streaked eyes, and Tear was kneeling on the ground sobbing.

Natalia placed a gentle hand on her shoulder.

"It's time to go."

Tear said nothing and stood.

As the group walked on, Anise felt a slight tug in her bladder, but with all the pain and greif in the air, she didn't dare say a word.

Trying to break the unbearable silence that seemed to be choking her, Anise pushed Guy, and although he staggered back several feel, eyes widened, he continued walking, gaze lowered.

"Not now, Anise."

Anise rubbed her belly as she felt slightly more than a little discomfort.

"T-Tear," she asked timidly.

"C-can we stop a moment?"

Tear turned to look at her, but it was Natalia who answered.

"No, Anise. We should be home by morning."

"'Kay."

The trudged on, Tear occasionally gasping and realeasing a shuddering sob.

Anise sqeezed her legs together.

Tear shook off Natalia's hand.

"I'm fine. Besides, Anise is right. We should camp out here."

"A-alright." Natalia nodded.

Anise soon found herself tucked into a sleeping bag. She sat up, planning to go satisfy her nagging urge to pee. Yeah, good luck with that.

"Anise, is that you?" Tear asked.

"Try to get some sleep."

"But-" Anise started.

Then Tear began to sing a hauntingly familiar melody.

No!

Anise felt her eyelids become droopy. Her head lowered onto her pillow, and she fell asleep, badder full.

Anise sat bolt upright, wide awake. Luke's 21st birthday was over, so she knew Tear would have calmed down a bit. Anise's thoughts were inturuppted as she recalled her strong urge to pee.

Everyone else had went outside, so this seemed like the perfect opportunity to sneak out.

Too bad for her, she was greeted by Tear as soon as she stepped out into the forest clearing.

"Oh, Anise, please, join us for a feast."

Since Luke had been proclaimed dead a little before his 20th birthday, just before his Coming-of-Age Ceramony, the group celebrated three days in a row; Death, Birth, and Rebirth. Today was Rebirth.

"Oh, um, no thank you, Tear, I, er, I, this is to say I-"

"Anise, please! It's Rebirth today!"

"Well I… oh, alright."

Anise sat at the table-a large tree stump and a long, flat, smooth stone, and a bright red mushroom-and squirmed in her seat, a small log.

"A-Anise?" asked Guy, who was seated next to her on a rock.

"P-Pass me th-th-the chiffon c-cake."

"Here." Anise passed him the plate of her favorite treat, wincing as her bladder jolted.

This would be painful…

Two hours later, as the group was walking, Anise rode on her plushie, jamming her hand between her legs.

"Guuuy! Teeear! How much longer?"

"Just another hour, I'd say." replied Jade.

Anise moaned, and gasped as she spurted into her panties.

"Nataliaaaaa!"

"What?" Natalia whispered, falling into step beside her.

"Natalia," she whispered, glad the others couldn't hear her.

"I think I just peed a little." she admitted sheepishly. She felt another spurt come out, and she squealed and grabbed herself, squeezing for all she was worth.

Natalia's eyes widened.

"Anise! I need to pee too, don't remind me!"

Anise moaned as a third burst of liquid escaped, and a wet patch was becoming visible on her cloths.

"Just a little longer, Anise!"

"N-no, I-I just c-c-can't hold it." she whimpered as yet another short blast escaped.

Natalia clutched tightly through her dress.

"Anise, no…" but it was too late. Anise gave a final grunt before her overfull bladder let go.

"M-much b-better." she sighed.

Ten minutes later, Natalia and Anise ducked into a girl's room. Natalia made it as far as a stall before she had a very wet, sticky dress.

She turned to Anise.

"What?" the 14 year old asked.

"Anise." Natalia said solemly.

"We must never speak of this again.

*001*2012-04-08 09:36

M

*003*2012-04-09 07:08

Yeah, I think it's safe to call this an epic fail.

*005*2012-04-09 09:42

Yeah…I wish I could delete it.

*006*2012-04-09 10:17

Okay, that's it.

If you've read the story, you just wasted five or so minutes of you life that you'll never get back. BOOOO!

If you want to read one with the same characters (Tales of Abyss) that DOESN'T fail, I'm writting a new one. YAAAAY!

*007*2012-05-10 19:53

Two things: One $iframe frameborder="0" data-embedcontent="" finished!

Two: Whoever gave this a one-star rating, thank you very much for being honest I know it totally sucked. Please, though, don't let it stop you from reading this new one as it actually makes sence. Thanks.

