Sisterhood of Blood - Page 16

Author: frostyjr2

*378*2014-03-21 13:04

Friday again... time for the next bit of the story.

Time passes so quickly, and often brings such sadness. Yet existence goes on...

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD PT. 46

CROSSROADS (Florence and Duleep Singh)

Grimley, England January 1894

(sound track: Oiseaux Tristes, by Maurice Ravel, performed by Jean-Philippe Collard)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/rGNkezA1wgQ?feature=oembed" Samuel’s funeral… Duleep Singh reminisces with Florence.

The priest had hardly finished his oration before she carefully placed the metal urn containing her husband's ashes in the small alcove within the Baker family vault. Then Florence turned away, and the somewhat portly man in black at her side took her arm gently and led her out of the vault and back towards the waiting carriage. They took their places inside, the thick black velvet curtains drawn against both the winter chill and the prying eyes of any onlookers.

Now that they were away from the large group of mourners and could not be seen, the man unwrapped his scarf from his head and the widow lifted her veil away from her face with black kid gloved hands.

“You look well, Singh. The years have been kind,” she said.

“Not as kind as they have been to you, my dearest Florence… you look exactly the same as the day we first met,” Maharajah Duleep Singh said with a smile, stroking his beard as he did.

“Then again, why should I be surprised? I have long been aware that you were special, in so many different ways.”

“Sam told you, of course… you were always his most trusted friend.”

“Yes, he did. And you were his true love, he told me that as well, although he didn’t need to; it was quite clear right from the moment he laid eyes on you in the market of Vidin so many years ago.”

“As he was mine… my only regret is that he never permitted me to turn him as you did finally. ‘We are what we are, and we are so for a reason,’ he always said."

Florence spoke these words in a bitter tone. "And thus, I was condemned to watch him age, sicken, and then die, while I remained unchanged. A cruel fate, truly…”

“Have you not guessed the truth of it by now, after so long?" Duleep Singh looked at her, an ironic smile upon his lips. "He remained as he was in order to better be able to protect you, Florence; a man in his position could simply not in good conscience give up all of his responsibilities and his obligations, although he desired nothing more than to be with you. And being thus obligated to remain in the public’s eye, he had to live a normal life while sheltering you from view.”

Her tears, which had been held back at the cost of great effort, now began to flow down her lovely face and fall as she thought of his sacrifice.

“Singh, my heart is broken, and I swear I shall never love another man. His memory I shall keep sacred, for he rescued me from the life of a slave, and loved me, even after he knew what sort of creature I was.“

Sam’s children will inherit his estate and possessions. I have no desire to remain here much longer now that my beloved is gone.”

“How then will you survive, dear Florence? If you are in need, perhaps you will allow me to assist you, for Sam’s sake?”

“He has provided for me in the way of several bits of property in my name here and there, by which I may always have a place to live at any time, and a modest income by renting out the others through a trusted agent. That is more than enough; I have no need for luxury.”

When next you have word of me, it will be the announcement that I have passed into the Great Beyond. Do not mourn for me… ‘Florence Baker’ will be put to rest, but I shall begin a new existence.”

“How so?” the Maharajah queried.

“It is a simple enough thing… my family still has holdings in Romania, so I shall return there first, and then from there I shall emigrate to the United States, joining the vast throng of other immigrants in a nation that regards what one is in the present more highly than what one’s past might have been.”

“And so you shall make a new start… yet another chance to begin anew. It is a blessing from the gods,” Maharajah Duleep Singh said.

“It is what it is,” Florence said with a wan smile.

She embraced him now.

“My only other regret is that I shall not ever again see Samuel, for he is surely in Heaven even now, while I…”

She trailed off, her smile now sad upon her lips.

“Do not speak in such a manner!” Duleep Singh said emphatically. “If our Samuel loved you, there is surely much more good within you than you might surmise, enough to possibly even guarantee your eventual salvation.”

“It is said that the evil men do lives on after them; the good is oft interred with their bones,” Florence replied. “If Sam’s love for me was the key to my salvation, let us hope that it has not been put to rest along with his mortal body, but lives on within his immortal soul. Only time will tell.”

<TO BE CONTINUED> \/###\/

*382*2014-03-29 11:45

Friends, fans and fiends, my apologies for the slight delay in posting this latest chapter.

It's a short one, i know, but still an important piece of the 'puzzle'...

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 47)

IDOL WORSHIP (Cool and Trane)

Antibes, France 1965

(sound track: Agitation, performed by the Miles Davis Quintet)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/x_whk6m67VE?feature=oembed"

Cool meets her hero...

The dressing room smelled like jazz to me: smoke from about a half a million cigarettes, cheap whiskey, stale sweat mixed with perfume, and the distinctive scent of the instruments and their cases.

It was between sets, and the band and their friends and assorted hangers-on were all crowded into the small space, drinking, smoking and jive talking.

Hannah had dragged me backstage, saying she wanted me to meet someone.

“Man, that cat couldn’t swing if he was hangin’ from a rope,” Miles said in that familiar raspy voice, a lit cigarette burning down between his slim fingers.

He was dressed stylishly, wearing a dark charcoal grey handmade Italian sharkskin suit, a white dress shirt with crisply starched collar and cuffs, skinny black silk necktie, dark brown leather belt and shoes, gold cufflinks and an expensive looking gold watch on his wrist. A pair of black-rimmed Wayfarer sunglasses with dark tinted lenses was hiding his eyes.

Having missed the beginning of the conversation, I wasn’t exactly sure which player he might be referring to, but his comment elicited a round of laughter from the group assembled around him.

As Trane walked by the open door holding his tenor sax cradled in his arms, Miles buttonholed him.

“Hey, man, why you gotta play so long for?” he asked Trane plaintively.

‘Sometimes I just can’t figure out how to end a solo,” Trane replied softly. "The ideas just keep coming, and I need to work them out..."

He seemed distracted, as if he were only present physically, his mind and spiritual being somewhere else entirely.

“Try takin’ the horn out ya mouth,” Miles replied with a laugh. "That's how Shorter does it."

Trane said nothing in reply, but simply continued on his way back to the second dressing room along with the rest of his band.

Then Miles turned towards us.

“So, Hannah, it's been awhile,” he said. “What you been up to?”

“Not much, Miles,” Hannah said. “I’d like you to meet someone though. This is Cool…”

“Erica…” I said quickly, cringing inwardly at the effect hearing my nickname would probably have on these guys.

It was too late though.

“Cool, eh?” he asked with a comically exaggerated quizzical look on his face.

Not cool enough, apparently.

There was another round of laughter, this time at my expense.

Now I was barely able to keep from wetting myself. I was as nervous as a little girl, ready to pee my panties right then and there from the lethal combination of my desperation, my fear and my red-faced embarrassment all rolled into one big bundle of urgent need…

Thanks a lot, Hannah!

Meanwhile, he had been standing about three feet away from me, and I was too awestruck to say a word… the great John Coltrane & I, almost in the same room together, breathing the same air.

It was all too much for me; I turned and ran out of the dressing room like a frightened little bunny rabbit, to the accompaniment of another round of laughter.

Hannah followed me out back to where I was leaning up against the wall, breathing deeply, my eyes closed, trying to get myself back under control.

“Are you OK, Cool? Don’t you want to meet Trane?”

‘I do, but I don’t. I’m afraid…”

“Afraid of what? That he’ll be different than you imagined him to be?”

“Yeah, and I’ll never be able to listen to him in the same way again.”

“Well, that’s a chance you’ll have to take; but, unlike Miles, he’s actually one of the nicest people you’d ever hope to meet… and pretty evolved, considering he’s only had one lifetime to work on things,” Hannah said with a laugh and a toss of her long dark hair.

“Come on back inside.”

She took me by the hand and led me back towards the second dressing room.

I was trembling with fear and anticipation. Miles had joined us, and he was chatting casually with Hannah as we walked into the other dressing room.

The whole vibe of this one was different, though; even though it was the same sort of dingy little space, somehow it felt like a church, a cathedral even... suffused with light and spirituality.

Now he was standing in a corner, playing his horn… OMG, the sound of it, right there in front of me... even Tesla's latest and greatest system couldn't do justice to the sound of his horn up close.

“Hey, Trane, this crazy bitch over here wants to meet you,” Miles said. “She’s a huge fan, apparently.”

Coltrane stopped playing. He turned in our direction and smiled.

Hannah fairly dragged me over to the corner where he was standing and cupped my chin, forcing me to look up from my feet.

He was much taller than either of us, so he looked down at me now, his brown eyes liquid and as expressive as his playing, so full of wisdom and compassion.

As he shook my hand, he said, “I’m pleased to meet you. Are you a musician also?”

It was so strange, but I could feel something like a transference of energy when he touched my hand.

“She plays the soprano sax,” Hannah said, knowing I was probably too tongue-tied to answer for myself.

“Soprano, huh? Nice… how long you been playing?”

“A couple of years,” I somehow managed to get those few words out.

“I’m just learning.”

“Aren’t we all?” he said with a laugh. “Well, you keep at it; practice makes perfect, you know. I guess I'd better get back to it myself.”

And with that, he put the horn back in his mouth and began running his sheets of sound again.

I could hardly wait to get home and start playing.

<TO BE CONTINUED> \/###\/

*385*2014-04-01 11:31

{{: 

You have such a lovely flair for atmosphere, I can vividly picture the story happening as you tell it.

}}

Thanks, to you and to orango, of course !

I appreciate your kind words, and that you took the time to post them.

I will endeavour not to disappoint... there is still a bit more to come !

*387*2014-04-04 12:00

Friday again... only five years has passed since last Friday... just a heartbeat, if only we had one.

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt.48)

DUALITY (Hannah and Miles)

FILLMORE EAST, NYC Summer 1970

(soundtrack: Sivad, by Hermeto Pascoal, performed by Miles Davis)

%https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mTSiNJqq7I&list=PL6870B5D21473707C

The sun rises in the east, and it sets in the west.

Some things never change, even if you haven’t seen a sunrise for many long years.

People can change, though, and vampires are still people; unusual people, sometimes remarkable people, but still people in the end.

Take Miles for example…

Sivad Selim was a court musician back in the time of the Pharoahs, and Hannah was a Jewish slave in the Pharoah’s house, charged with attending to the Pharoah’s many sons and daughters.

They knew each other by sight, rather casually at first until they both realized what they had in common: that neither of them would ever age normally, or die a natural death.

In the culture of ancient Egypt, where preparation for the afterlife was everything, to be unable to die was perhaps the worst fate of all.

Sivad Selim had already lived many lifetimes, and had become resigned to his fate, although it had made him first angry, then bitter.

Hannah was in her first lifetime as one of the undead, but she was comfortable with who and what she was, although not with preying on others, humans, beings weaker than herself by nature.

In contrast, Sivad Selim always took great pleasure in hunting, feasting on his prey, and leaving them for dead.

If they were strong enough, they became his little ones, at least until he tired of them.

If not, they passed into the Great Beyond without him giving them a second thought.

“Misery loves company.” That’s how he put it.

When their work was done, they would visit each other in their quarters, and long into the day which was their night by the light of the oil lamps, they would argue the respective points of their personal philosophies.

Hannah’s belief was that the challenge of an undead existence was to be what one was without causing harm to others, while to Sivad, this was to deny one’s true nature.

“Be yourself, be true to yourself,” he always said.

“Yes, but I define who I am, not my appetites,” she would always reply.

To which Sivad would usually respond by letting out an evil laugh, and extending his sharp fangs before teleporting out of the room to some dark alley where he would snack on his next victim.

Somehow, despite their differing philosophies, they came to care for each other, and to become friends.

And time passed.

Through the centuries which became like minutes to them, they knew each other, and Hannah marveled as Sivad periodically reinvented his music and his playing to match the current fashion, ever-changing and yet somehow always remaining himself.

The clothing changed, the name changed, all the members of the ensemble changed, even the horn changed, but he was always exactly who he was, and sounded only like himself.

Never imitating others… always striving to be a true original.

To him, that was what music was about: the long search to find one's unique voice, a unique sound, and then to develop it fully.

Time was not his enemy in his quest, for he had plenty of time to spare, and time for him became elastic, stretching and compressing like a rubber band to suit his whim, the beat going from straight time to no time, and back again seamlessly now.

Form was elastic also; he had played everything from the simplest melodies to the most complex harmonies, complicated classical pieces, jazz standards and the 12 bar blues… now he was able to play only what he wished, when he wished.

“I’ll play it, and I’ll tell you what it is later,” he said in that raspy voice of his at one recording session.

Another time, the engineer had asked him the title of an improvised piece.

“Call it anything,” he responded offhandedly.

And that’s what they wrote down on the track sheet.

'Call It Anything'.

Hannah’s personal preference had been his Baroque period. His pursuit of technical mastery of the trumpet had been at its apogee then, and his playing was fast, clean and powerful. But over time, he had grown bored with technique for technique’s sake. Over time he began to play fewer and fewer notes, but each note meant more. Everything was weighed and measured, the way the note was shaped in his lungs, his throat and his mouth, the pressure of his full lips on the mouthpiece, then how it was articulated, sustained, bent or vibrato added… now he chased pure sound, tone and nuanced phrasing.

“All the technique in the world means nothing if you have nothing to say for yourself,” Miles said. "It's like a writer with good penmanship, but no ideas."

This was his latest persona… no longer a jazz musician per se, but something else; not quite a rock star, but close.

Gone were the handmade suits, replaced by tank tops, long scarves, tight leather trousers and high heeled boots, and the shades were now oversized, hiding the blood-red eyes of a constantly hungry, angry vampire.

To live on for centuries, unable to pass into the Great Beyond, chasing sound, chasing a dream, attaining perfect technical mastery and yet being unsatisfied… now he pursued simplicity, the simplicity of snowflakes. All alike in their basic nature, yet they contained infinite complexity, each one being unique, each one different, like the solos he would play over the same vamp on different nights.

Trane was long gone, and Shorter had left along with Zawinul to form their own electric ensemble. Although Miles still had a sax in the group, he had become fascinated with the sound of a certain electric guitar player from Seattle who played left handed and loud, and did things with a guitar that shouldn’t have been possible, making his amplifier a part of the basic sound instead of simply using it to make what was already coming out just a bit louder.

They were kindred spirits, both of them explorers, but Jimi had passed on into the Great Beyond just before they had had a chance to collaborate.

Even more cause for bitterness, since everyone Miles had ever cared for had been taken from him eventually.

Except Hannah...

They had never been lovers, for Miles took and discarded lovers as casually as he might pick a flower, sniff it, and then toss it away, and even if he had desired that, Hannah was not attracted to men in any case.

But there was something that drew them to each other besides their shared fate; despite their differing philosophies as to how a vampire should comport him or herself, they too were kindred spirits of a sort, for both of them sought the meaning behind who and what they were.

All things happen for a reason, and being undead was no exception to the rule.

All existence must serve a purpose, of this they were both certain.Their difference of opinion came in the interpretation of what that purpose might be.

Miles, being both self-centered and a hedonist by nature, believed that "do what thou will shall be the whole of the law", while Hannah believed that it was what we did for others that made our existence have meaning, rather than what we did for ourselves.

Over many long years they had argued back and forth, neither able to convince the other, and finally they had simply agreed to disagree.

Friends were hard enough to come by in the vampire world.

Predators were all naturally in competition for the same food, and those who chose not to hunt humans generally didn't associate with those who did... it was just easier that way.

And of course, to be friends or lovers with a human, well... that was a sure ticket to heartbreak, for they all lived such short lives, and to watch someone you love die got pretty old after the first couple of centuries, sure enough.

Somehow, despite their differences, Miles and Hannah remained friends over the years.

But in order to truly understand what you are, you need to understand where you’ve come from.

The ancient Egyptians believed that during Zep Tepi, The First Time, the time of the gods, there was a direct link between Heaven and Earth.

In The First Time, the heavenly Milky Way was reflected in the path of the Nile River on Earth, the Pyramids on the Giza plateau were aligned exactly with the stars of Orion’s Belt, and the gods traveled along the vertically aligned Milky Way from the distant stars, from the Duat or Celestial Kingdom, to here on Earth.

The First Time was a Golden Age, “before rage or clamour or strife or uproar had come about”, to quote the Egyptologist Rundle Clark whose own premature death in January of 1970 had come before he could do much more than begin a monograph on the god Osiris, whose heavenly presence was the star Orion.

“No death, disease or disaster occurred in this blissful epoch, known variously as ‘The Time of Re’, ‘The Time of Osiris’, or ‘The Time of Horus’,“ Rundle Clark had written, but he had not said why.

Indeed, why no death, disease, or disaster?

Simply because these ‘gods’, as the local inhabitants of the Giza plateau referred to them, were in fact star voyagers who traveled along the Milky Way in the form of pure energy, and although they were able to retain their great longevity once they had manifested in physical form at the end of the celestial river, in order to survive here on Earth in that form they had been obliged to become blood drinkers… vampires, in essence.

But as such, they were immune to death, decay and disease.

The legend was that, wanting to rule both Upper and Lower Egypt, the god Set had killed his brother Osiris and dismembered his body, cutting it into pieces and scattering the pieces, and by that act of violence putting an end to the Golden Age.

And that Isis the wife of Osiris, using her magic, had gathered up the far-flung scattered pieces and brought him back from the dead just long enough in order to receive his seed.

The result of this union was the birth in due course of the ‘god’ Horus, the falcon-headed Sky God, the god of war, and of hunting.

He who became Father of all the Undead.

So, to Miles, all vampires were descendants of the ORIGINAL hunter, the predator falcon, and therefore entitled to feed on lesser entities.

Hannah, having been born a slave, tended to sympathise with the exploited and oppressed, though.

Of course, I wasn’t thinking too much about any of this as I listened to the band play on Saturday night at the end of a four day stint at the Fillmore East, the air thick with smoke...

The house was packed, with long haired hippies on acid standing alongside some of the more progressive jazz fans who had followed Miles on this new trip of his, unsure of where he was leading them but willing to travel.

Miles on the trumpet. Doing his own thing, as always.

Chick Corea on the Fender Rhodes electric piano, and Keith Jarrett on electronic organ, not the usual jazzer's Hammond B3.

Dave Holland from the UK doubling acoustic and electric bass, another new element coming from the rock world.

Jack DeJohnette on drums and the Brazilian Airto Moreira handling percussion and his native cuica.

And then finally, there was Steve Grossman on tenor and soprano sax, Trane’s horns… he was no Coltrane but then again, unlike me, he wasn’t trying to be.

In fact, all of them were deliberately not referencing any jazz music that had come before this point.

“Be yourself, be true to yourself,” Miles had told them.

“That’s all that really matters in the end… in the end, it’s all you have.”

<TO BE CONTINUED> \/###\/

*391*2014-04-07 03:09

{{: 

Wait....... Miles Davis was a jazz playing vampire the whole time!!!! lol

And is like 3 thousand years old?!!! lol

}}

Yeah... no wonder he's so good... and so evil too !

*393*2014-04-12 12:08

Where does the story lead next? Well, i once asked Hannah how she became an omo vamp, and this is the story she told me... yet another small piece of the puzzle...

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 49)

RESCUE (Sakura)

Mikawa Province, Japan, 1582

(sound track: Sakura "Cherry Blossoms")

$iframe width="480" height="270" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/AK51LblcEOw?feature=oembed"

How Hannah became an omo vamp…

In the dead of night, three figures clad entirely in black stood at the foot of the stone wall.

The information from Hanzo’s contacts within the local Iga ninja clan had been reliable; Lord Tokugawa Ieyasu’s family was being held captive within.

“Hannah-san, it is my duty to attempt to free my Lord and Daimyo’s family,” Hanzo spoke softly, ”but there is no reason why you should put yourself in harm’s way. Go back and guard Lord Tokugawa, if you wish, but this mission is almost certainly doomed to failure.”

“All the more reason for me to remain at your side, Hanzo-sama,” Hannah replied. “Perhaps three may succeed where two cannot prevail. If not, to perish in a noble cause is a good end in any case, and to do so in your company would be an honour indeed.”

The small girl on the other side of the master swordsman nodded, agreeing silently.

All three were fierce fighters, and had the stealth, strength and skills of their undead nature as advantages.

“You came here for a sword, not to get involved in a war which does not concern you, and yet here you are, fighting by our side."

"Injustice always concerns me, Hanzo-Sama," Hannah said softly.

"I must do what is right, no matter the cost. And freeing Lord Tokugawa's family is the right thing, I know this to be true."

"Hannah-san, you have a noble soul." Hanzo replied, taking her hand now.

"Sakura-chan, you see this woman? She is not gaijin… not any longer,” Hanzo said.

“We shall henceforth consider her as family, Hanzo-sama.” Sakura answered, nodding again.

The three of them now began to silently scale the rough stone wall of the stronghold, their katana secured to their backs, their strong fingers finding the small interstices between the stone blocks and carrying the three of them ever upwards towards the ramparts of the castle wall. When they reached the top, the stealthy trio pulled past the overhanging eaves of the roof effortlessly to walk without a sound upon the roof tiles, Hanzo counting their steps silently as they moved.

“They are here, just as they were said to be. I sense their heartbeats, and the heartbeats of others,” Hanzo said to Sakura, using the mind link they had formed between them as clan members long ago.

“I feel them as well, Master,” the small girl replied in the same manner.

Sakura gestured to Hannah now. She held out her hand with three fingers extended, then pointed her index finger downwards. Next, she raised all five fingers, and followed that with a slashing motion across her throat.

Three family members, five guards stationed, two outside the door and three in the hall. Simple enough, so far.

First, take out the sentries.

The three of them teleported into the hallway, each behind a guard, and rendered them unconscious using a soporific powder. There was no need to put brave samurai who were only doing their duty to death if it could be avoided.

The two guards outside the door were easily dealt with as well. Leaving their unconscious bodies propped up on either side of the door, Hanzo slid the iron bolt that was barring it open.

As he did, a plaintive voice from inside began to speak.

“Leave us alone! Can we not spend one night without you disturbing our rest?”

Sakura quickly slipped inside and covered the older woman’s mouth with her hand, silencing her. It would not do for the rest of the guards to be alerted so quickly to the rescue attempt.

There was no easy way out; teleportation with the Daimyo’s family along for the ride would pose too much risk for both rescuers and rescued in this situation, so although the three ninja vampires had gotten in that way, they would have to find another way out.

Luckily, the girl Sakura had infiltrated the household staff of the castle by posing as a chambermaid, and had memorized the layout of the parts of the castle she had access to in the course of her duties.

In addition, Hanzo’s contacts within had told her of the existence and location of secret passageways within the castle; all castles had them, means of escape or discreet travel for place to place within the walls, away from prying eyes or threats of any kind.

Now, they would use them to their own advantage.

Hanzo spoke softly but firmly to the three captives.

“You must come with us now, if you want to see Lord Tokugawa ever again. We are here to return you to him.”

The older woman’s eyes widened for a second; she recognized his voice even though his face was hidden by the hood of his ninja suit.

She picked up the youngest child, and took the little girl by the hand.

“We will follow where you lead, Hanzo-sama,” she replied.

“Quietly…” Sakura added in a whisper.

They stepped out into the hallway. The flickering torchlight made everything appear both dreamlike and ominous at the same time, with the uncertainty of each shadow holding dread and the threat of an enemy hiding within, but the six managed to make their way down the hall to a certain hanging tapestry.

Lifting it with one hand revealed a small alcove in the stone wall and once Sakura had pressed one of the stones in just the right way, a small section of the wall slid open just enough to allow them to enter a dark and narrow passageway.

Although the three vampires had no need of it, Sakura took a small torch from the wall to illuminate the passageway for the other three so that they would be able to see where they were stepping.

Now down they went, the passage turning in a tight spiral, ever downwards in the cold and dank silence with the small girl leading the way, counting the steps as she went.

When the proper number had been reached, she felt for the release catch that would open the passageway to the outside of the castle.

Sakura passed her hand over the torch, extinguishing it to eliminate the chance of the glow being observed by the sentries on the ramparts above, and the six of them emerged into the dark and stillness of the night.

They walked a few hundred paces to a small grove of trees where the vampires had left their horses, then mounted up along with the three former captives and rode off into the night to rejoin the main body of Lord Tokugawa’s forces now, the sound of the horses’ hooves muffled by cloth wrappings.

===

“Buddha be praised,” Sakura said in her soft voice as she prepared the green tea for them back in their tent, the flaps sealed tightly against the approaching dawn.

“We not only managed to complete our mission, but had no need to kill anyone in the process."

‘Thanks to your knowledge and skill, Sakura-san,” Hannah replied.

The two of them were alone now, Hanzo-Sama having been summoned to Lord Tokugawa’s side to report on the mission, and to celebrate the successful return of his family.

Sakura poured the boiling water into the teapot and then smiled.

‘My master has asked that we become family, Hannah-san. You know what that means, of course.”

Sakura bared her snow white fangs now.

“Would you like to taste me first?”

###

After a few hours, the two girls were lying in bed together, having drunk copious amounts of green tea and sake as well as a fair amount of each other’s blood.

“Oh, Buddha, I have to pee,“ the small ninja vampire said with a cryptic smile.

Sakura got up, and disappeared for a couple of minutes behind a shoji screen. When she returned, she was carrying a tray with two small cups on it.

The cups were filled with a warm blue liquid.

“Here, drink this with me now,” Sakura said.

She lifted the small cup to her mouth, and Hannah did the same, not wishing to appear rude to her new sister. The liquid was sweet, like a fruit nectar of some sort, and she drained the cup quickly.

“Delicious,” Hannah said, licking her lovely lips.

“Don’t worry, there’s lots more where that came from,’

Sakura said, smiling widely now.

“And that was the second part of it.”

‘What do you mean, the second part?” Hannah asked, not understanding.

“Oh, Hannah, I thought you knew by now," Sakura sighed softly. "I’m an omo vampire, couldn’t you tell by the way I'm always desperate?"

<TO BE CONTINUED> \/###\/

*397*2014-04-13 00:04

{{: 

Had not given much thought as to why Hannah is a Omo vampire , other than the stories author told us she was one. Thank you for filling in the gap with another interesting back story, and enlightening us as to how Hannah went from a 'regular vampire 'to an omo vampire . Frosty you leave no detail unturned.

As usual you provide the appropriate music to accompany the story. In addition to excellent writing skills you must have a wide knowledge music well beyond what could be considered mainstream here in the USA ( A coincidence that this weekend is peak cherry blossom in Washington DC ?). Combine that with you knowledge of history and you have an intelligent young la

}}

In our world, there is no such thing as coincidence.

Chance, yes; fate, most definitely... but no coincidences.

*399*2014-04-21 13:00

Dearest friends, fans and fiends, i must apologize for not posting a chapter of the story this past weekend.

We will return ASAP, i promise... in the meantime, patience is a virtue, and thanks for bearing with me !

