One Shot

Author: Nimbus

*000*2015-06-26 08:42

I was cleaning out some of my documents and found this. I never got around to uploading it because it was meant to be my take on a "Wet Note" story line, before I abandoned it. Fortunately it still functions as a decent one shot (I hope).

Sara Buckley fastened her long legs together as she hunched over her desk. Long strands of her light brown hair cascaded to her desk top as she emitted short rapid breaths. Tears welled up in her eyes as she played her final trump card. The young brunette slipped her left hand into her lap and applied pressure to her crotch as she slowly straightened her posture. She relaxed her left hand and attempted to appear as nonchalant as possible as her right hand slowly drifted into the air.

“Mr. William?” Her voice alluded to the desperation thinly veiled behind her poor façade.

“Yes, Ms. Buckley?” The middle aged man asked cooly from behind his computer monitor.

Sara paused a beat, taking a small breath before speaking. “May I use the restroom?” She asked, her voice trembling.

The teacher sighed audibly before turning to look at her. “Sara, how old are you?”

“Seventeen.” Sara blushed as all the attention was on her. Her thighs pressed together with crushing strength. She could feel the pent up pee burning at the edge of her urethra, begging for release. It took all her power to keep from wetting herself at that moment, but her strength was failing. Beads of sweat collected on her furrowed brow as well as along her thighs. Her sphincter muscles ached profoundly, along with her bloated bladder that had begun to feel like she swallowed a cannon ball. She dug her finger nails into her trembling sighs as she waited her teacher’s answer.

“Seventeen, alright… So are you telling me that you, a seventeen year old honor roll student, are incapable of controlling your bodily functions?”

For a moment Sarah’s resolve failed and a sudden gush of hot liquid spilled into her underwear. Her panties quickly seeped up the warm fluid and kept the warmth localized to her crotch. The sensation only proved to tease Sara’s body at relief, making it difficult to resist the urge to just let go. Sarah’s ears burned as she made a final plea. “Please…” She mumbled softly.

Mr. William rolled his eyes. “No, the next break is in five minutes. I trust you can hold on that long and utilize your break responsibly?” Without waiting for an answer the teacher returned to his computer, ignoring the snickers he elicited from the class.

“No.” Sarah thought despairingly. The disappointment was too much for her and her hold faltered. The golden liquid began to dribble out and roll between her legs. Sara’s eyes went wide in realization as she attempted to stem the flow but her muscles didn’t respond. They were too sore, and defeat took over.

Sara shut her eyes and bowed her head as the trickle of pee tickled her flesh as it ran down her taint and began to saturate her butt cheeks. The hot liquid soaked the butt of her skinny jeans and slowly pooled on the seat of her chair. The urethra was not the only orifice on Sara that secreted liquid, however, and soon tears began to roll down her cheeks. She bit her lip in an attempt to stifle a sob as the flow of the pee turned into a torrent of golden liquid.

The crotch of Sara’s jeans nearly instantaneously developed a glistening dark patch along with her inner thighs as the small puddle in her seat began to lap against her legs. A faint hiss was barely audible as the puddle extended to the limits of her chair and the liquid warmth soaked the back of thighs and butts. Finally the pool of urine could no longer be contained by the chair and thin golden streams cascaded to the floor.

The splatter of liquid trickling to the floor was deafening and in an instant the entire class was aware of Sara’s situation. Sara kept her eyes shut tight as her cheeks took on a bright red hue, still being washed over by a steady flow of tears. Her body shuddered as she fought back sobs. She remained silent as her bladder emptied, the streams drizzling from her chair formed their own miniature puddles on the tile floor beneath her.

The relief almost outweighed the embarrassment as the last drops of pee joined the puddle on her chair and her body relaxed for a moment. Sara panted a couple of times and slowly opened her eyes to find Mr. William staring at her in disbelief.

“Did… did you seriously just pee all over your seat?” He tried to keep his voice even, but his anger was evident.

“I’m sorry…” Sara mumbled as she hung her head.

“Just… just go to the office.” He grumbled through grit teeth.

“Yes sir.” Sara sighed, utterly dejected.

I would just like to point out that I am not out of the writing game as of current. I am working on a few projects and trying to decide which one I would most like to focus on at the moment. (Unfortunately I ran into a rather ridiculous case of writer's block on my Batgirl/Supergirl story and haven't moved passed it). Still, hopefully you will see more from me soon.

*001*2015-06-26 08:52

Apparently a double feature! I guess I meant to write a Wet Note story multiple times. I honestly forgot about this one. I intended for this story line to parallel the actually Death Note story line.

This can’t be happening! Lilith pleaded as the second hand inched its way around the clock. The beautiful brunette teenager tried to be discreet about her situation as she intertwined her long silky legs in an attempt to appease her full bladder. Her sea green eyes never strayed from the clock as it ticked away ever so slowly. Her swollen abdomen ached as her bladder threatened to give out.

Doing anything drastic wouldn’t go unnoticed as it wasn’t uncommon for the boys in Lilith’s class to spare her a few lustful glances, after all she was one of the most beautiful and popular girls at Asphodel Prep. When does a blessing become a curse? She mused bitterly, longing to bury her hands into her red plaid skirt.

She settled for chewing on the inside of her cheeks as the last five minutes of class slowly ticked away. The incessant tick tocks began to drive her mad as she desperately pleaded with some time god to fast forward her to a point in time where she could access a bathroom. No such blessing came about, and Lilith could only hope her bladder would stay strong.

The brunette girl was embarrassed just to be in the situation she was in. The last time Lilith had been so vulnerable she had been sentenced to detention in first grade. Her very unprofessional teacher left her locked in a room for all of recess, resulting in a very messy accident.

Lilith shuddered at the thought of a repeat and returned her focus to the clock. The final minute seemingly took an eternity. Her tightly woven legs began to tremble as she felt as if urine began to collect at the end of her urethra. She was glad she had already put away her supplies because her hand was shaking far too much to do anything useful.

Her pink nails began to dance across her desk as her free hand fell to her side and began to rub her thigh. A sudden wave of desperation caused her to clench her hand tightly on to her thigh, pinching her skin. Her right foot began to tap rhythmically on the ground while the black high heel dangled precariously from the toes of her left foot which was suspended due to her left leg being wrapped around her right leg. Somehow she managed to look slightly casual.

At least she looked casual enough for the homecoming king to give her a wink and smile. Lilith managed to smile back despite her struggle. She was snapped back to her dilemma when the high pitched screech of the electronic bell sounded. The sudden alarm startled her, releasing a spurt of urine into her panties.

She winced but slowly rose to her feet. Her legs trembled and threatened to give out, not for the first time she found herself loathing the high heel requirement for girls. Nevertheless she carefully slung her bag over her shoulder, careful not to mess the collar of her white button down shirt and straightened her tie as she impatiently waited for the kids blocking her passage to move.

Lilith found the hallways no less frustrating as crowds of kids either lingered in large groups or moved painstakingly slow. Lilith pressed on, however; her gait was awkward. Her thighs pressed tightly together in between steps and when she did take a step they were frantic and clumsy.

She scrambled through the halls, occasionally resorting to shoving through the hordes of fellow students as she made her way towards the bathroom. Meanwhile her bladder wasn’t giving her any relief. Her usually flat stomach was visibly swollen, something Lilith was well aware of due to the constant ache her lower abdomen granted.

Lilith went from frantic and clumsy scrambling to outright hobbling as her need to urinate only grew in intensity. Her urethra seemed to burn with pent up urine and a few drops found their way into her already moist panties. She cringed once more but continued onwards. Her bladder began to feel like daggers stabbing into her belly as pee sloshed around inside of it. She began to find herself growing weak as she saw the entrance to the girls bathroom only a few yards away.

Unfortunately for Lilith pee dribbled from her urethra. Her panties grew more and more damp as droplets added to her panties modest collection. Lilith whimpered softly as drops had begun to roll down her thighs. Only three lockers away from the bathroom she lost her balance. Both her legs went opposite directions and she crashed onto her butt. Her skirt splayed out around her as the sound of trickling water was faintly heard.

Lilith was confused for a moment, dumbstruck by her fall until the scent of ammonia filled the air. Lilith blushed as she grew aware of the sensation of hot liquid seeping from her crotch and streaming to the ground. Instinctively both hands shot to her crotch as she tried to stem the flow of pee.

A dark glistening patch began to form on the front of her skirt where her hands pressed into her lap. A small puddle formed on the fabric as the wet patch spread and a small puddle of hot urine rippled beneath the cover of her skirt.

Lilith felt tears run down her face as the flow increased and the pattering of urine grew apparent to the other kids who quickly understood the situation. Lilith bowed her head as her fingers grew soaked by the golden liquid spraying out of her urethra. The golden puddle expanded beneath her, soaking her thighs as well as her butt in the warm urine.

Lilith began to sob as the puddle showed no sign of stopping and began to spread out of her skirt, visible to the crowd of kids watching her predicament. The sound of splattering water was quickly drowned out by immense laughter as the entire hall watched Lilith’s accident occur.

Lilith wanted to die as the entire front of her skirt became soaked with the urine. The back of her thighs and her butt were saturated by the warm pee that was beginning to cool as the flow slowed to a dribble. Finally Lilith was left only sitting in the puddle of her own pee.

Past homecoming queen, future valedictorian, former captain of the tennis team… it all means nothing now. Now I’m just the girl who peed her pants. Lilith wanted nothing more than to curl up into a ball and die, but instead she simply rose to her feet and slowly made her way to the nurse’s office.

Lilith blushed deeply as she sat atop a towel placed on the bench outside of the nurse’s office. Her urine soaked panties and skirt had grown cold as she waited for her mother to pick her up. A few students occasionally passed her by with a few snickers when they realized why she was wet.

Lilith looked up as a figure blocked stood in front of her. It was a tall girl, blonde and gorgeous.

“Hey Lilith Yaga-pee.”

“Clever.” Lilith grumbled as she gazed at the cheer captain, Amelia “Milly” Ross.

“So, I guess I will be winning prom queen by default now.” She smirked.

“It would appear so.” Appearances can be deceiving Milly. I will find a way on top.

“Lilith.” A tall man dressed in a police uniform called

“Dad…” Lilith replied as she hung her head and approached her father. She was utterly mortified that not only had she peed herself but she also forced her dad to come and pick her up from school while he was on duty. She only hoped she wouldn’t have to sit next to a criminal in her urine soaked clothes.

Thankfully she made her way home without incident.

“Are you OK?” Her father asked.

“Yes, Just humiliated.” Lilith admitted.

“I’m sorry.” He chuckled. “Honestly I have no idea what to say to you. I don’t feel like punishing you about this but I can’t really tell you it’s not your fault.”

“It’s OK dad.” Lilith blushed, wanting to get this conversation over as soon as possible. She didn’t wait for a reply as she emerged from the vehicle and raced off towards her room, pushing past her mom as she entered her room, ignoring the piece of paper that fell to the ground as she opened the door. She simply gathered a change of clothes before rushing from her room and entering the bathroom.

*004*2015-06-29 06:40

{{: 

I liked the first story. As a piece of advice, I'd try to avoid repeating the "as, ..., as..., as..." construction. It gets a little grating when overused. I often write long, complicated sentences. Later I realize that it doesn't flow very well, and could be improved by splitting it off into separate sentences. The flow of a text is often improved by a good pattern of alternating between long and short sentences.

}}

Oh wow. I just went back to read the story and didn't realize how often I did that. Thanks for pointing that out. It really helps:)

