Twilight: stories of desperation, wetting, and bedwetting. - Page 2

Author: Kylie

*025*2015-05-29 04:51

So I was going through my posts and found this. The story that got away but I'm inspired to continue. :)

Jacob woke up the next morning and smiled at the feeling, one he hadn't felt in a while, of waking up dry. He walked happily into the kitchen his stomach growling at the smell of food."Hey dad," he said cheerfully before scarfing down the bacon on the counter. Billy laughed and shook his head at his son's antics. Jacob's stomach was eventually satisfied and he quickly got dressed for school and grabbed his bookbag, throwing a goodbye over his shoulder to his father. He drove his way to La Push High School and stepped out the car, he looked weirdly as everybody hanging around the entrance seemed to be laughing at him, he shook it off and the entered the school. It was worse in the hallways, he found Embry, "Hey dude what happened why is everybody laughing?" He asked in confusion.

Embry looked at him sadly and pulled a crumpled piece of paper out of his bag. "We don't know who did it I'm sorry but I promise once I found out I'll beat their ass for this," he said firmly. Jacob took the printed picture with shaking fingers, he couldn't believe what he was seeing. He looked around and all the laughter seemed to get louder, tears welled in his eyes and he ran to the bathroom. He felt terrible he chest literally ached, he pulled out his phone and called his dad getting no answer. He went through the list: Sam, Charlie, Jared, his dad again, until finally all left was Bella's number. He wasn't going to tell her what happened just wanted to talk to somebody as sobs shook his body. Jacob dialed and listened to the rings still crying, the voice of the other end made Jacob freeze. "Jacob?" Edward asked the seemingly distraught shapeshifter in a smooth tone.

So I wrote this on the spot at 1 in the morning so excuse the quality. This is just a bridge to develop some plot. Question time! How do you guys feel about a Edward/Jacob pairing?

