Susan Murphy's Giant Problem (Monsters vs. Aliens)

Author: gonne

*000*2015-05-11 02:18

Susan Murphy was scared.

She picked up her spoon and poked at the strange pile of mush that had been expelled onto the table. "You can't afford to be picky," General Monger had said. Susan really wished she could.

In fact Susan longed for a glass of wine to help her relax. Or maybe even just a cup of coffee. Instead they had given her a mug of water. Getting a cup of coffee in her size was probably ridiculously expensive anyway. How much did a cup of coffee cost? Two dollars? Three? And how many cups of coffee would fit in her mug? One hundred? Two hundred? Susan couldn't think straight!

She had to calm her breathing! This was a very big change and she couldn't panic her way through it. Panicking would get her nowhere. Instead, she put down her spoon and picked up the mug of water. She didn't realise how thirsty she was until she had downed half of its contents and was staring into the half-empty mug in thought. When was the last time she'd had anything to drink? Before the wedding? How long ago was that exactly?

"Are you going to eat that?"

Susan jumped in shock. It was that blob thing... Bob, right? He was eyeing her pile of mush hungrily and moving steadily towards it. Susan couldn't shake the memory of finding a cockroach in her food and had pretty thoroughly lost her appetite. Not that the state of her food was particularly appetizing mind you...

"I, uh..."

Bob was already melding with the edge of her dinner. "Hey, this is pretty good!" he exclaimed.

"Oh, um, okay..."

She'd managed to grow forty something feet taller over the course of about a minute at her own wedding, and now a pile of sentient blue goo was eating her gruel. Susan wasn't sure if her state of numb terror was a normal one in this kind of a situation, but she figured it wasn't a normal enough situation for her to have any kind of frame of reference. She lifted her mug with shaking hands and finished off her water.

"Leave the lady's meal alone, Bob. I'm sure after the day she's had she must be very hungry," said Dr. Cockroach.

Susan put down her empty mug as she glanced down at the small table on the floor. Or... regular sized table. She was the one who was abnormally sized, Susan had to remind herself. "I'm really not hungry," she said. "He can... have as much as he wants."

"Yay!" Bob exclaimed, oozing further into the mush. "I like the new monster. He's so nice!"

"She, Bob," Dr. Cockroach said as he pulled a rusty can out of his pile of trash. "Susan is a she."

"Give the guy a break, he's never dealt with a female monster before. It might take a while for him to understand the concept." This came from The Missing Link who, despite being some kind of fish man, Susan was beginning to suspect was the most normal of the bunch. He was at least eating something similar to normal food. After all, Susan liked fish! Though she didn't usually eat it raw...

A tube descended from the ceiling and inserted itself into Susan's mug. She watched as water gushed out of it and replaced the liquid she had just consumed. Watching the water pour into her mug reminded Susan of another problem.

She wasn't sure when the last time was that she had gone to the bathroom.

She could feel the growing pressure in her bladder, though it was only somewhat uncomfortable for the time being. That wasn't likely to stay the case, and she had no idea where she could go to relieve herself. She hadn't seen any giant toilets on her tour of the facility.

"Um... you wouldn't happen to know where there's a bathroom I could use, would you?" she asked.

The two monsters at the smaller table gave each other a look. Dr. Cockroach then turned to her. "Well, there's one just over there... but it's not exactly your... size..." he trailed off and Susan felt herself blush. This was ridiculous. She couldn't even use a normal bathroom for crying out loud!

"There wasn't a toilet in your cell?" asked Link. "I feel like Monger would've one put in your cell."

"I... didn't see one. No."

"Well, that is a bit of a predicament," said Dr. Cockroach.

Was she going to have to wait until someone next came to check on them? How long would that take? "Is there any way to talk to General Monger again?" she asked.

"Well, you could try banging on the walls some more," said The Missing Link. "That's sure to get someone's attention."

"Or, alternatively, if you would like to avoid getting in trouble, you could wave at the cameras. There's always someone watching," said Dr. Cockroach as he pointed up at the ceiling and then gestured towards certain spots on the walls. Susan looked in the directions he was pointing and could just barely make out cameras in strategic locations around the room. The idea of being constantly watched made her uneasy, but the pressure in her bladder urged her not to dwell on it. She had other things to worry about.

One of the cameras was at about shoulder height for her, so she got up and hesitantly walked over to it. "Hello?" she said. She waved a hand in front of it briefly and leaned over so that it could see her face properly. After a few seconds she stood up straighter and glanced around. Nothing was happening. She looked at Dr. Cockroach but the mad scientist just shrugged.

She backed away and looked around. Maybe she should approach one of the other cameras... but before she could make up her mind on what to do next she heard the distinct rumble of a very large door opening. A door next to the camera she had been waving at was opening slowly, and Susan waited patiently despite her growing need for a toilet. She still wasn't desperate, but she really didn't want to wait until she was to try and figure this out.

This time she was not greeted by General Monger, but rather a short woman with red hair and a small assortment of freckles on her nose. She was severely dwarfed by the giant door through which she had entered, but as she looked up at Susan with a stern expression she seemed much larger than she actually was. "Hello, Ginormica. My name is Susan," she said.

Susan? "Hey... my name's-"

"According to my file, your name is Ginormica. It was Susan, but that is not how I will be addressing you. Now what was it you needed?"

Susan felt her earlier apprehension return. She felt like she had completely lost her identity, and she wasn't sure how to go about getting it back. How could this woman be Susan? She was Susan!

"Ginormica?" the woman asked. "I assumed you wanted something. You were waving at the camera."

"I... was just wondering if there was a bathroom. For me, I mean."

The woman was silent for a moment. She didn't seem particularly shocked at the request, but she didn't seem pleased by it. "Oh, I see..." she paused and seemed to gather her thoughts. "We were kind of hoping you would be able to wait for a bit."

"Wait? Why?"

"We are working on it, I assure you. But we're having some trouble with the plumbing. Getting everything together in the right size for you is... difficult." Susan 2 shrugged. "I'm sorry."

It was a good thing Susan wasn't horribly desperate yet. She could wait for a bit, though how long she wasn't sure. She highly doubted the other monsters would appreciate her wetting herself. The necessary cleanup... "Oh," she finally said. "Um, how long do you think..."

"A few hours probably. Most of the pieces of the toilet are already put together. It's getting all the pipes in the right place that we're having the most trouble with. They're very large."

"Hours?!" Susan exclaimed. "I don't know if I can wait a few hours! I mean, I don't have to go all that badly right now, but in a few hours..."

Susan 2 shrugged again. "Really, we're sorry. We're working as fast as we can, but this is a fairly complicated project. We weren't exactly given much warning before you arrived."

Susan deflated and felt her bladder throb in protest. She really hoped she could hold it that long. She doubted there were many alternatives for the release of god only knew how many gallons of urine her bladder could hold now. "Okay," she finally said. "Just... keep me updated, please."

Susan 2 nodded and left through the large door while Susan 1 walked back to her chair and sat down, noting the largely bloated blob that was breathing heavily next to her dinner. He'd barely made a dent in it. She rested her chin on her arms and tried hard not to cry.

When dinner was done and cleaned up, a mechanical arm dropped from the ceiling and deposited a metal chest of some sort on the floor. "Toy box time!" Bob shouted, rolling off Susan's table with no concern for its height. He landed with a wet smack on the floor and joined Link as he rummaged through the mystery box.

"Toy box time?" Susan asked. She tried to get a good look in the box from where she was sitting but it was too small and too crowded for her to see properly from that distance.

"General Monger allows us the privilege of enjoying an assortment of unusual odds and ends to keep us occupied," said Dr. Cockroach, although Susan noted that he was not making any move to rummage through the chest himself.

"Toys to keep us from getting bored," said Link. "You can thank the prison psychologist."

"Oh," said Susan. The box was clearly too small to contain anything to occupy her, but the boys seemed happy with it. She sighed. She really needed something to distract her from her rapidly filling bladder. The pressure was far more insistent now, though Susan wasn't yet worried she couldn't handle it.

Her sigh appeared to gain the pity of the two monsters present with enough brain power to see how upset she was. They shared a quick look before Dr. Cockroach grabbed something from Link and scampered up one of the legs of her table, putting it down in front of her. It appeared to be a very small deck of cards.

"Care for a game?" he asked, as The Missing Link was working his way up the table. "I'm sure we can figure out the logistics."

"But-"

"I can hold the cards for you," The doctor said. "I assume they aren't too small for you to read? Insectosaurus doesn't seem to have any trouble with it."

"Since when does Insectosaurus ever play cards?" said Bob from the floor. "That's just... silly."

Dr. Cockroach rolled his eyes. "Just make sure he's on the other side of the room from you. He and Link are in cahoots."

"Hey, I'll have you know I play perfectly fair," said Link as he flopped his way onto the surface of the table. "I'm just very good at picking up on other people's tells."

Susan felt the insistent throbbing of her bladder. A game of cards might be exactly what she needed to get her mind off of things.

And it worked for a while. Susan rested her chin on the table so her eyes were relatively level to the cards in Dr. Cockroach's hands. They played Go Fish to make things relatively easy for Susan. It didn't require her to verbally communicate what she wanted to do to Dr. Cockroach, who basically acted as nothing more than a card holder. He seemed mildly irritated by that, but having lost his toy box privileges earlier, he didn't have much else to do with his time.

They played through a few games, two of which Susan won, before her bladder reminded her of its existence. It throbbed forcefully, causing the giantess the bite her lip and straighten up somewhat. Dr. Cockroach glanced upwards at her. "Is something wrong?" he asked, as Susan pressed her thighs together.

"I-" she shifted a little and crossed her legs. Comprehension dawned on Dr. Cockroach's face.

"Try not to dwell too much on it, my dear," he said. "Thinking about it isn't going to make them finish any faster."

"I know," Susan said. "I'm just getting really uncomfortable."

"How about we just keep playing," Dr. Cockroach said. Susan nodded and the three of them got back to their game. She didn't lean over as much this time though, not wanting to put too much pressure on her bladder. Dr. Cockroach held up the cards so she could see better and Insectosaurus roared from the other side of the room. "You just stay right where you are," the doctor said. "I won't tolerate any cheating."

They played a while longer, but Susan's bladder was making itself more and more known. It was throbbing forcefully and insistently now, and Susan found herself shifting every once in a while to get herself more comfortable. She knew her movements didn't go unnoticed by the other monsters and she felt highly embarrassed. At least they had been able to excuse themselves when they needed to. She was stuck right where she was.

When she was hit with a spasm that caused her to grab frantically at her crotch, Susan stopped playing. She shifted a bit and waited for her desperation to ease up. The boys gave her a worried look.

"I don't know how much longer I can wait," Susan said as she was finally able to unclench her legs. Her hands were still in her lap though, wringing each other desperately. "How many hours has it been?"

"Two," said Dr. Cockroach. He'd put the cards down and so had The Missing Link. "I highly doubt they've finished their work though. I'm sorry Susan."

"They have to be close though, right?"

"I really don't know. Other Susan wasn't very specific about what all needed to be done." Susan felt her bladder spasm again and she hunched over a bit. If this kept up she would be leaking very soon. "Try to hang in there."

"You okay for another round?" asked Link.

"I... don't think so," said Susan, as she massaged her leg desperately. "You guys can play without me."

Dr. Cockroach and The Missing Link stayed on the table as they continued their game. Now that Dr. Cockroach was in the driver's seat, the tables had turned significantly in his favour. Susan watched them play as she jiggled her leg urgently. She really needed to focus on keeping her bladder in check now, but she could afford to distract herself a little bit.

She found it hard to keep focus though, and shifted from watching the card game to glancing at Bob and Insectosaurus. Bob had a bunch of building blocks and was stacking them one on top of the other until they all fell over. He seemed to have no concept of structural stability, but watching his construct collapse seemed to provide the blob with considerable entertainment. Insectosaurus wasn't helping matters by stamping his foot occasionally, making Bob's tower fall over prematurely. Susan felt the rumbling of Insectosaurus' stomping jostle her bladder and she squirmed in her seat. Her bladder spasmed and pressed for freedom, but she clamped down on it hard. She really needed to hold it.

Susan was squirming uncontrollably now. She absolutely couldn't sit still and she knew Dr, Cockroach and The Missing Link were only pretending not to notice. Dr. Cockroach had won all of the five games since he'd taken over, leaving Link grumbling angrily. Susan's hands had made permanent residence in her lap, clutching at herself firmly. And then she leaked.

Under normal circumstances, Susan was sure nobody would have noticed, but physics just wasn't on her side today. Given the thickness of Susan's jumpsuit and the volume of urine contained in a simple leak... it was audible. And it was wet.

The other monsters heard the splashing of urine as Susan worked desperately to control herself. She was still seated on her giant chair, and the damage had luckily been contained to her seat... but she was very embarrassed. Susan groaned as her bladder calmed down a bit.

"Susan..." said Link.

"I know, I know. I'm trying," she ground out. She was blushing furiously and her eyes were clamped shut. She wasn't sure she wanted to see the looks on her new companion's faces.

"I think it's time to find out how your toilet's progressing," said Dr. Cockroach.

Susan nodded. "Good idea," she said.

When Susan 2 came through the door a second time she looked worried. "I'm sorry, Ginormica, but we're just not done yet."

Susan hadn't even bothered to get up from her chair this time. She wasn't sure it was a very good idea. "How much longer?" she asked.

"A couple more hours probably. We hit some stone that's particularly dense and-"

Susan groaned loudly and let her head drop to the table with a loud thunk. Both The Missing Link and Dr. Cockroach had to catch their balance.

"Really, we're doing the best we can..."

"I can barely hold it a few more minutes let alone a couple of hours!" Susan exclaimed. She was holding herself desperately and shifting her butt around on the chair. "There has to be something else you can do!"

"Well... some of us have been discussing the matter and..."

Susan felt her bladder spasm again and she shuffled forwards slightly. "What?"

"Well... you could use Insectosaurus' cell," said Susan 2.

Susan felt heat rush to her cheeks. "What do you mean?" she asked.

"Insectosaurus' cell is designed to drain his urine. It could handle anything you expel easily."

Susan had seen into Insectosaurus' cell when General Monger had given her that tour. There had definitely not been a toilet in there. What there had been was a giant glass wall that allowed people to see inside. "I don't think I want to-"

"With all due respect, ma'am," said Susan 2. "Given how badly you clearly need to go, I don't think you have much of a choice."

"Won't people see-"

"We'll keep people away from the window. You should have enough privacy."

Susan wanted to say no. It was a horribly embarrassing situation to be in, but her bladder was making up her mind for her. She felt another slight dribble escape that was once again clearly audible to everyone in the room. "Okay, fine," she said through clenched teeth. "As long as Insectosaurus is okay with it."

"Insecto?" said Link. "He's like a teddy bear. He won't mind sharing."

So the door to Insetosaurus' cell was opened, and Susan had to find a way to stand up without wetting herself. The task was very difficult, and once she was standing there was a brief moment where a small (or large, depending on whose shoes you were standing in) amount of urine escaped her bladder and splashed liberally onto the floor. She was able to contain the rest, but the embarrassment was enough to leave her face very red.

She shuffled awkwardly towards his cell, leaking twice on the way there. She suspected there was already a cleanup crew being sent to take care of her mess, but she didn't think about it for long. Soon enough she was inside her temporary bathroom, and the door was closing slowly behind her.

She spasmed again and poured another heavy amount of urine onto the floor.

Now that she was alone, Susan grasped desperately at the zipper of her jumpsuit. Her bladder was not happy with its current state and she felt more leaks escape as she tried to find the pull to her zipper. The weird part was that due to her size and slightly hunched position, none of it was dribbling down her legs. Instead it poured heavily from between her legs straight to the floor, splashing loudly.

But she couldn't stop leaking as she grasped the tag of her zipper and began to pull it down. The urine was pouring strait through her jumpsuit with each desperate leak. She couldn't stop the waterfalls of urine from escaping her though, even as she tried to pull her arm out of the sleeve. She had no control.

The urine wasn't spreading along her jumpsuit anymore than it already had, and Susan couldn't stop herself. Instead of stripping down, she gave in, and crouched until she was squatting just inside the door to Insectosaurus' cell. The worst of the damage was already done, so the giantess relaxed and let hours and hours of urine pour out of her enormous bladder.

The fabric of her jumpsuit wasn't even a hindrance as she expelled the torturous fluids, which splashed massively on the ground beneath her. Susan groaned as she felt the immense relief kick in. She absolutely could not hold back anymore. It felt like she was forming a new lake between her feet, but the liquid was quickly running towards a large drain in the corner of the cell. Susan wondered distantly if they were planning on installing something like that in her own cell after today's incident.

Her torrent continued for a while, until it died down somewhat and finally the last few splashes of urine escaped her previously full bladder. She let her bladder dribble to a stop and buried her face in her hands. The incredible relief she had just experience was certainly not enough to overpower her embarrassment.

Of course the first thing Susan did to start her new life in this place was thoroughly wet herself. She glanced down at the jumpsuit, glad to note that it was still all in one piece despite the onslaught it had just endured, though there was a patch of wet fabric between her legs about the size of her hand that was still dripping. At least it hadn't gone down her legs.

Unfortunately for Susan there was no shower set up for her yet, and when she left Insectosaurus' cell Susan 2 informed her that the facility had so far only made her one outfit. She would be stuck in her wet clothes for a while, so she sat down meekly in her chair and watched the other monsters continue their card game.

She really hoped this wasn't going to become a frequent problem now that she was giant.

