Omorashi.org story writing competition III

Author: Flush

*000*2012-06-26 20:02

Hello again, my fellow omorashi writers! It's been almost a year since the last writing competition here, which was really great... time to blow the dust off the concept again!

Before we start, here are the rules - they're not much different from last time. Scroll down for this months' competition scenario and due date!

This is a themed story writing competition. In each competition there will be a theme and a scenario, to make the stories comparable, and the judging easier. Following the scenario is much appreciated, but don’t let it limit your artistic freedom; altering the scenario to a little extent is allowed, but don’t deviate too far. For the first month the scenario is quite wide, so I don’t think that’s a problem this time.

Prize: the winner of the competition gets a prize. Off course, this competition is just for fun and you won’t be able to get rich by winning, but it’s just a small incentive to get as much writers aboard as possible. Only the winner gets a prize, so make sure you write story is as good as you can! Any story can enter, but be aware that a five-line story isn’t as appealing to read as a longer well written piece. 750-3000 words is probably a nice goal, but don’t pin yourself to those numbers. You can write from any point of view (first or third-person). The submitted stories should be all in English, however language isn't the main judging criteria. Anyone can enter, even new members!

About submitting: You may submit more than one story per competition, in case you have too much inspiration for a single tale. It is not necessary to meet the closing date, but any late entries will not be considered for the prize. You can submit a story by sending it to me by a personal message; the time you send the story will be considered as the delivery time. Revisions are possible, even if your story is already submitted, but only before the closing date. In the case of multiple revisions, the last revision before the closing date counts, unless told otherwise.

All stories will be posted on the boards after the closing date. Any story published before that will be disqualified from the competition.

Judging: In the last competition, the idea of a small judging team was the most favorite one - so let's do that! The stories will be judged by a panel of more than two, less than five judges. Any volunteers, by the way? They will judge each story according to the criteria listed below, and write a small piece of motivation afterwards.

The criteria will be the same as in the last competition:

{{: 

Conventions of grammar and spelling - 0-5 points

Basically an overview of how well the sentences are structured and spelling.

Keep in mind that sometimes sentences are cut short, dragged on, or even one word long on purpose. This isn't an English paper, it's a story. But for us to fully understand and appreciate writing talent requires good grammar and spelling. Since not everyone has English as their first language, and you can only be so perfect, I gave a scoring scale max of 5.

Style – a combination of details and word choice - 0-5 points

The writer is providing the reader with enough information that the reader can almost visualize everything that is happening, and rather than having too many distracting details that just fill space, the details are focused on the situation at hand. He doesn't use words that are over general and really describe nothing, but actually picks out "colorful adjectives, adverbs and verbs so that too many other words are unnecessary. For example:

"There was a red wine rose which was brilliant and pretty. It was upon a hill with grass that was growing around it. And it was in the sun."

Vs.

"There was a rose that glistened in the sun radiating its warmth to all that viewed it upon the lush green hill."

Characterization - 0-5 points

How believable were the characters? Were you attached to them?

Characters are one of the most important aspects to a story. Grammar and spelling can be utter crap, and the style boring, but the characters are what drives us to continue. We get attached to them, what authors call "identifying with the characters". We feel them as real, and they compel us to laugh, cry, or shout for joy. In essence, characters control the feelings of the readers (viewers in the case of motion picture) and can make up every dimension of a good story.

The core of the story are the characters. The core of the characters are their cares.

Arousal – 0-5 points

Does the reader find the story stimulating while reading it, or is the story senseless in that respect? Is there a passage that catches your attention sexually? Does the story raise involuntary thoughts? Or does it repulse the reader?

Plot - 0-10 points

The hardest thing about a short story; how well characters acted and events fell into place. Was it exciting? Any twists? Was it unique?

On a most basic level, the plot is what separates poetry from prose. It is simply, the actions and reactions of characters to events taking place and what challenges the characters and makes us attached to them. This makes the entire story captivating to read.

}}

Omorashi.org story writing competition III

Theme: desperation, embarrassment, wetting

Scenario:

Your main character, a late teenager/ young adult (female or male, you decide) is "babysitting" a younger child - or a group of children - on a day out. To give an example; a trip to a theme park, the zoo, an urban park, a visit to a museum, a boat ride,... You are the master of your own imagination. What happens on the trip is up to you; but as time goes on your main character (gradually) gets desperate to pee, but (s)he simply can't use the bathroom for some reason.

(There could be many reasons why, off course. Lack of public facilities at that certain location is probably the most simple and obvious one, but the kid(s) you are babysitting on could be very attention demanding off course, dragging you away from the lavatories, or something unexpected like an accident can also happen... I'm sure you guys can find a very creative reason why (s)he can't reach the bathroom.)

No matter how desperate your main character gets, (s)he will try always to hide her urgent need. In the end; (s)he is the mature one of the group and has to discreetly hold it like an adult. (S)he is the responsible one and also wants to act that way. (For example; squatting at the side of the road is no big deal for an eight year old, but for a nineteen year old, it's a definite no-go) The welfare and safety of the younger character(s) is her/his biggest concern, her/his own bathroom visit will have to wait. But no matter how hard (s)he tries to hold on, a bladder has its limits...

Closing date of the competition: 12 August 2012

Prize for the winner: seeing that a cash prize was the preferred award last time; a $15 (paypal) award

So... get writing! And if you don't feel like writing something down, but you are interested in being a member of the judging team, give me a sign!

*004*2012-07-13 15:41

{{: 

I would like to enter, but I don't have a paypal account. Is there an alternative prize perhaps?

}}

The reason why I chose paypal is convenience; I think it's the most universal and most wide-spread online payment system - which makes it easier for me to transfer the money. Country- or region specific systems are maybe a bit more complicated because omorashi.org members are from all over the world.

However; here's the deal: I'm in possesion of a creditcard, so in theory, I can do almost any online payment. I guess the alternatives to paypal are:

- You suggest your own payment provider and I will look in to the matter, I'm sure it's fine as long as they accept credit cards

- You can choose to donate your prize money to omorashi.org

- I can buy you something on the internet with a value of $15 (for example a bound2burst/... video you always wanted?)

- ...

Plenty of choice!

{{: 

I would like to raise my hand to be a judge. As a few members would know, I gladly criticise their works giving fair feedback. If anything else is required let me know :)

}}

I would love to have you on the team, Pantiburaun! Nothing is needed for the moment...

{{: 

Time permitting, I will participate as a writer once more.

}}

Great, I can't wait to read your story! If the submissions are as good as in the last story competition, we're in for a treat!

*007*2012-08-15 20:56

Yes, the competition closed on sunday, thanks for the stories! Me and Pantiburaun will rate the stories now, and a winner will be announced, I hope before the end of the month.

@Pantiburaun, all: Give me some time to create and send the package :) No time to do so at the moment.

@SVelte: According to the rules... your submission was indeed 3 days late. Nonetheless, thanks for joining, and I will still rate your story though... but I hope you understand that you are no longer nominated for winning the competition.

