Omo Onna to Seishun Otoko

Author: Strawbearie

*000*2011-08-04 07:02

You probably won't like this if you haven't seen Denpa Onna. Or even if you have. Also, not proofread. Yet.*

Omo Onna to Seishun Otoko

%http://youtu.be/GrYG9sCk4NA

Makoto sighed, and checked the clock on the wall. Still twenty more minutes until the end of Erio's shift. Ryuushi and Maekawa were busy with basketball club and a part-time job, respectively, so he'd arrived here earlier than usual to take Erio home. As usual, the store Erio “worked” at was devoid of any customers. Apparently, people didn't like that it was staffed by a cranky old woman and a hikikomori dropout, so they avoided the place. While Makoto didn't blame them, he couldn't help but feel a twinge of sadness as he watched his shut-in cousin absentmindedly chug a bottle of Dr. Pepper while staring into space. She'd been so determined to integrate herself into society, but she was just as isolated here as she was at home.

“Cousin.” Erio spoke up in a soft voice, her gaze meeting his staring eyes.

“Mm?” Makoto grunted, too hot and tired to form words.

“More.” The blue haired girl said simply, pointing at her now-empty bottle of soda.

”Drinking so much soda is unhealthy!” Makoto scolded her in his head, shrugging her off.

“More, more!” Erio insisted, louder. Makoto hung his head and stood up. With another sigh, he stepped out of the building, into the harsh, yellow sunlight outside. He dug through his pocket, searching with his fingers for the right coins, and inserted the money into the soda machine that sat outside the store. The sun bore down on the young man as his coins clinked down the slot and as the soda bottle landed emerged with a clunk. He slowly reached down and grabbed the bottle, its cold exterior wet with condensation, and made his way back into the store.

Erio hastily stumbled to her feet to greet Makoto as he reentered, her red and white polka dot dress barely covering her more intimate areas. Not that she'd care if he saw her panties or not, of course, nor would Makoto care to see them. She was, after all, just his weird, hikikomori cousin.

“Here.” Makoto said coolly, tossing the dripping-wet bottle toward the blue-haired girl. She stared with wonder at it as it traveled, glistening in the light, before she scrambled to catch it at the last second. The moment she had it firmly in her grip, she hugged the cool, icy beverage against her chest, tightly squeezing it to ward away the heat. The condensation that was previously on the bottle was now pressed into Erio's polka dot dress, lightly dampening it. It wasn't just her chest that was wet, though. Her entire body had a thin layer of sweat coating it, enough that her bangs stuck to her forehead and her dress stuck to her legs.

It was only after Erio finished gulping at her drink did Makoto notice he was staring at her. She shot him an innocent, sideways glance. She wasn't embarrassed or angry that she met his gaze, just simply... acknowledging it. The blue-haired girl gave him her trademark thin, cute smile, as if nothing in the world could bother her. She then turned to the clock.

“Mm. Five minutes.” Erio said, then took another sip of Dr. Pepper. “Waking manager.” She said softly, pointing to the back of the store. Makoto nodded in response, thankful to almost be out of the oven of a store. If luck was on his side, he'd go home to a giant ice sculpture carved by a half-naked Ryuushi and Maekawa... with Meme trapped inside the sculpture, unable to get her 40-year-old paws on him.

“Ready.” Erio's soft voice called from the back. Makoto stood up, stretched, and turned to face his cousin. Sweat beads still dotted her smooth skin, and the soda bottle, though empty, still dripped with the last remnants of condensation. For some reason, the sight of his cousin made Makoto rather thirsty.

“Mm... let's go, then.” He declared, stretching one last time before opening the door and ushering his cousin out. She nestled herself, as she usually did, in the basket on his bicycle. Hardly an easy setup, but one the two had gotten used to. Her two long, smooth, curvy legs stuck out from the basket precariously. If someone were to look inside the basket at this very moment, with her legs sticking out like they were, they'd almost certainly get a clear view of her panties. That dress really was far too short.

“Cousin?” Erio asked, interrupting Makoto's thoughts. He quickly shook his head, coming back into reality, and met Erio's gaze once more. “Hurry, hurry!” she ordered in an almost-but-not-quite sing-song voice. Whatever was, though, it was hardly a voice Makoto could deny. With a deep breath, he steadied himself on his bike, and, with a grunt, began peddling. It was the start that killed him. Once the bike reached a steady pace, it was mostly smooth sailing, and avoiding strands of Erio's long blue hair whipping in the wind. But the start, that initial push... murder.

“Hey, it's Niwa-kun! Huwah!” The stop was the second hardest part. Seeing Ryuushi, still clad in her basketball club gear and waving, Makoto had to stop. The trick was to do it slowly, so that the bike didn't go nose-first into the sidewalk from the extra weight at the front. The downside to this was that stopping took a while... no good for sudden stops. So, much to Ryuushi's dismay, Makoto slowly approached her, slowly passed her, and slowly rolled away before stopping about fifteen paces away. Ryuushi huffed, her sweat-ridden, curly brown hair bouncing as she caught up with Makoto.

“H-hey, Ryuushi-san...” Makoto greeted, scratching the back of his head.

“Call me Ryuuko!” The bright-eyed girl insisted. “Where are the two of you off to?”

“Ah, heading home. You?”

“Oh, well...” Ryuushi began, her gaze falling to the ground, “I was going to go out for ice cream with some of the members from club, and... well, I was wondering if you'd...”

“Cousin!” Erio suddenly said, cutting Ryuushi off. Makoto turned his attention from his classmate to his cousin.

“What is it?” He asked, annoyed at Erio's rudeness and oblivious to his own.

“Huuuurrrrry!!” She whined loudly, legs swaying back and forth. That girl... always in a rush. All she was going to do at home was lay around... what'd she need to hurry for?

Makoto sighed, and turned back to Ryuushi. “Sorry, Ryuushi-san...” he began, his choice of words immediately saddening the brown-haired girl, “... but I really should hurry home. See you at school tomorrow!”

Ryuushi pouted, and folded her arms across her chest. “Well, fine then...” she said, “and call me Ryuuko!!” she demanded once again. Makoto just smiled in response, and waved as he started pedaling once again, an effort that took the breath out of him. Ryuushi waved with a sour expression until the bike was out of sight.

Once again, Makoto and Erio reached a relaxing coasting pace. Makoto breathed a small sigh of relief and stopped pedaling, allowing inertia to carry them. The breeze that washed over his face as they rode was incredibly refreshing, though apparently it annoyed Erio, as she carried a sour expression despite the cool breeze.

“Something wrong?” Makoto asked.

Erio shook her head. “Nn, nnn!” she hummed, opting out of normal things like words and phrases. At least she wasn't wrapped in a futon...

“Oooiii!” Another familiar voice called out. “Transfer student!” It was Maekawa, waving him down from across the street. She was dressed in a ridiculous, huge lemon costume, only her arms, legs, and head visible outside the bulbous outfit. Makoto slowed, passed, continued, and finally stopped, then waited for the cosplaying girl to catch up. He heard her panting breaths behind him... wearing that suit in this heat must've been awful.

“Yo, Maekawa-san.” Makoto greeted with a short wave.

“Y-yo...” She breathed, still catching her breath. “On your way home?” she asked.

“Mm. Need to get out of this heat.” Makoto replied casually. “Not to mention,” he added, “this one's getting restless.” He pointed at the passenger in the basket, a thoroughly sour-looking Erio.

“Hurry, cousin, hurry!!” She cried in a monotonously cute voice. Reverting to her alien speech... maybe there was something on TV she wanted to watch? She continuously shuffled and shifted about in the basket, rubbing her thighs and calves together.

Maekawa giggled. “I see, I see.” she said coolly, smiling at Erio. “Well, I guess I'll see you tomorrow, then. Later!” She waved and turned around, her large, cumbersome lemon outfit turning with her. It was so large and so cumbersome, in fact, that she clumsily lost her footing mid-turn and tripped, the yellow foam orb knocking into Makoto's bike and sending Erio and himself sprawling onto the pavement.

“A-ah...! I'm so sorry! Are you two... okay?” Maekawa asked, struggling to her feet and rubbing her forehead.

“Fine, fine...” Makoto laughed, standing to his feet and dusting off his knees. “Erio?”

“Uu...uu...” Erio sobbed, still on the ground. Makoto's eyes widened, and he dived to her side.

“Erio, are you hurt?” He asked, panicked. Two tear drops fell to the pavement beneath Erio's face. “Erio?!”

Erio suddenly looked up and shook her head. “N-nn...” she mumbled with a sniff, wiping a tear from her eye. She remained on her knees, however, and her thighs shook from being held so tightly together. It couldn't be... was she afraid that he'd see her panties?

“Erio, I... I didn't see anything, I promise!” Makoto assured, taking his cousin's hand. She met his gaze, then tilted her head to the left, confused.

“What's the cousin talking about?” She asked him.

Makoto's eyes widened. So... it wasn't the panties. Just another Erio-ism, then? “A-ah... nothing. Let's get you stood up.” he said, offering to lift her to her feet.

“One moment. Processing.” The blue-haired girl once again reverted to a monotonous, alien tone. She squeezed her thighs even tighter, and focused with all her might, staring at a slab of sidewalk. “Ready. Proceed to lift.”

Makoto half-sighed, half-laughed as he helped his trembling, eccentric cousin to her feet. With some effort, she got back into the bike's basket once more.

“S-sorry again, for the trouble.” Maekawa said, keeping her distance from the bike.

“It's no problem! We're both A-OK!” Makoto assured, smiling.

“Mm... see ya, then!” Maekawa called, waving and running in the opposite direction.

“Cousin, hurry. Hurry hurry hurry!” Erio repeated, imitating an extraterrestrial’s voice.

“Yeah, yeah, yeah...” Makoto breathed, resuming pedaling once more.

Twilight had already fallen upon the city by the time the two reached their street. The heat still hung heavily in the air, and the cicadas still chirped endlessly in the wind. None of that mattered, though, because finally, finally, they were home. Makoto couldn't wait to retreat to his air conditioned room just lie in the coolness. Smiling at the thought, he pulled his bike into the driveway, and motioned for Erio to get out.

“Nn, nnn!” She whined, shaking her head. Her thighs were rubbing together at a feverish pace now... what the heck?

“Come on! We're home!” Makoto insisted, pointing at the house.

“Nnnn, nnnnn!! Nn, nn, nnnnnn!!!” Erio continued to grunt as she fidgeted about in her basket. Makoto rolled his eyes.

“What the heck is your problem?” He asked, annoyed.

“Nn...... n...nn...!” Erio mumbled, her voice sounding more... forlorn.

“Spit it out!”

“N...nn...!!!!! Nnn-...! Nn!!!!” Erio shrieked, still refusing to use words. Her legs and arms waved through the air like she was an overturned lobster.

Fed up, Makoto lowered the bike's kickstand and stood up. He marched over to Erio's basket, firmly grabbed her under the armpits, and yanked her from her seat, pulling her through the air and sitting her feet first on the pavement.

“...” His cousin was speechless. The blue-haired girl didn't even grunt, didn't even whine. She just stared, her expression the same empty-yet-soothing stare she always had. Then he heard it.

Like a light spring rain, Makoto heard a pitter-pattering of droplets hit the pavement nearby. He looked to the sky, it's reddish-purple hue unblemished by even a single cloud. The droplets intensified and coalesced, now sounding like someone running a hose on their sidewalk. Makoto turned and scanned the neighborhood... no one else was outside.

Erio sniffed. Makoto spun around to face her, her eyes now closed. Sweat still glistened on her skin in the last remnants of sunlight... but she was shaking. He approached her, even reached out to touched her shoulder, until he looked down.

Erio gripped the hem of her dress with both hands tightly, pulling the red and white garment down as far as she could. Beneath the dress, shiny yellow liquid fell onto the pavement between Erio's feet, splashing onto her bare feet and forming a large puddle. Makoto's eyes widened in realization, and he froze in place. Erio sniffed again, sobs beginning to emerge, as the river of her pee continued to spill into her panties and onto the driveway beneath her.

“Erio... I...” Makoto began, but could think of nothing else to say. He could only watch, stunned, as his cousin used their driveway as a toilet, her face red as a cherry beneath her cool blue hair. She continued sniffling, her sobs increasing in intensity as more and more lemon-yellow urine spilled out.

Just when it seemed like the accident wouldn't end... the peeing stopped. Droplets still fell from the hem of Erio's skirt and the crotch of her panties, but the worst was over. Both Makoto and Erio watched as her impossibly-large puddle slowly worked its way down the slope of the driveway, onto the sidewalk, and onto the street. Steam and the stench of pee floated into the air, filling Makoto's nose, and snapping him back into consciousness.

“E-Erio... I didn't know...”

“Fuel Jettison Status: Complete.” Erio said in her robotic, alien-like voice, interrupting Makoto. “Commence Damage Report.” Makoto raised an eyebrow at his cousin, glad that she was dealing with her emabarrassment, but weirded out nonetheless. Then, much to his shock, she lifted her polka-dot dress up over her waist, exposing her crisp, white panties. Well, mostly crisp and white. The area around the crotch was darkened, slightly yellowed, and shiny.

“E-Erio... put that down before...!”

“Eh?!?!?!?!?!” It was Makoto's worst nightmare. He turned toward his house, filled with despair, to see his aunt Meme, Erio's mother, standing at the doorway. She stared with a shocked expression at the scene before her... Erio standing in a pool of urine, lifting her dress to show a staring Makoto her soaked panties.

“I-is this what you two do when I'm not around?!” She asked, stomping her way toward the pair. Shaking, Erio dropped her dress, covering herself back up. “Is this how you plan to steal my Mako-kun away, Erio-chan?! He's a pee fetishist?!”

“F-fetishist?! I never said anything abou--”

“I was watching at the window! She obviously had to go... you forced her to go right in front of you! You stared right at her...! Oh, Mako-kun... you're breaking my heart!” Meme ranted, causing both Erio and Makoto to blush. “If it's pee you wanted... ah, my God! Us adult women have accidents all the time! In fact, I can't think of a time when my panties haven't been a little damp! Do you want to see?! Do you?!”

Makoto shook his heard rapidly. “N-no!! Not at a--” Before he could finish, Meme lifted her tight blue miniskirt over her waist, exposing a pair of lacy pink panties underneath. Makoto's eyes uncontrollably shot to the crotch... they were damp.

“A-HA!” Meme shouted, lowering her skirt and pointing at Makoto. “I knew you'd look!”

“How was I supposed to not--”

“Come on, Erio-chan!” Meme interrupted again, taking Erio's hand. She pulled her daughter away from her rapidly-evaporating puddle and toward the house. “I'll tell you all about the time I wet myself when I was 23! Ah, maybe I still have diapers left from when you were a baby...!” She mused, finger in the air.

Makoto stood, stunned, as he watched the mother and daughter walk off. Erio clung to her mother's arm, still audibly sobbing, as Meme went on about diapers and bedwetting and perverts. Just before they entered the front door, however, Meme turned to Makoto, wearing the most serious expression he'd seen her wear. With a smile, she mouthed the word “thanks”, then continued leading her soaked daughter to a fresh change of clothes.

“I... what...?” Was all Makoto could say, as he looked from the door, to the puddle, to the sky, then back to the puddle.

%http://youtu.be/xQb7PAv5q-0

- Spending a hot afternoon waiting for Erio: -1

- Running into and turning down Ryuushi: -2

- Getting knocked over by a giant lemon: -2

- Being oblivious to my cousin's bladder needs: -4

- Seeing cousin's panties: +2

- Seeing aunt's panties: +2

- Apparently handling a potty accident quite well: +2

______

Current Adolescence Points: -3

*002*2011-08-05 21:03

More people should watch Denpa Onna >.>

Erio alone is worth it... come on, guys! Look! (But don't touch she's MINE!)

%http://i.imgur.com/aCrt5.jpg

