Story Commissions: Trial Run

Author: Aloe

*000*2020-04-15 07:27

Hello everyone,

After giving it some thought, I’ve decided to do a trial run and test out this whole commission thing.

I’m going to start off by accepting 5 commissions, and we’ll see where it goes from there! Right now, I’m going to say that the first 1000 words is $15, and every 100 words after that would be $1 more. Payment would be through PayPal!

As I said before, anything illegal or too extreme is a no for me. But basically anything talked about on this site is free game.

Right now it’s first come first serve, so if anyone is interested in commissioning a story from me, shoot me a message, and let’s see if I can write something for you!

*003*2020-04-16 08:05

{{5 hours ago, herrokitty said:

Sounds reasonable to me, do you have a preference of how much detail slash not details to give, like an outline of a scenario or just the big picture? I'll dm you when I have an idea!

}}

You know, I’m gonna say you can be as detailed or as general as you would like. It’s totally up to you this time around!

{{3 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Can you give us a link to where we can send you money?

}}

I certainly can! I’ll provide it for you in the DM’s!

*004*2020-04-16 19:39

Hi everyone,

Just a quick update! I’ve already filled several commission slots, faster than I thought, so I’ve added an additional commission slot. If you’re interested in discussing a commission with me, feel free to reach out while I still have some slots open!

Some people have been asking me how familiar I am with certain shows, movies, or video games. Of course, I’m not familiar with everything, but I’d like to say I’m familiar with most mainstream movies, games, and tv shows.

If you have any questions regarding a specific fandom, feel free to message me. If you are interested in a fandom that I’m not entirely familiar with, I am more than happy to do a bit of research, and offer a story at a discounted price.

DO’S: Just about any content featured on this site. Fanfics, fictions, and and related works.

Someone asked if I was able to do illustrations with my stories. Unfortunately, I’m not the best artist. But to compensate for that, I’m also taking artwork/ image writing prompts. If you’d like me to write a story for or inspired by your favorite piece of omo artwork, I can do that too!

DON’TS: Anything too extreme, obscene, or anything illegal in any way. No characters under the age of 18. Nothing in violation of the sites rules and regulations. This applies to images and artwork writing prompts as well.

Commission Slot 1: Taken

Commission Slot 2: Taken

Commission Slot 3:

Commission Slot 4:

Commission Slot 5:

Commission Slot 6:

Please feel free to message me if you have any questions!

*005*2020-05-03 18:27

First off, I want to sincerely apologize for my lack of communication, especially considering the fact that money is involved and some people have already paid. I want to thank you for your patience, and apologize for my lack of professionalism.

Let me try and explain things without standing on a soapbox for too long. I’m in a position of leadership within a fairly conservative community. Very recently, my anonymity was compromised, and several of my associate saw some of my writing. I unfortunately didn’t know what was being seen until these people brought it to my attention.

Now it might not be a big deal to some of you, but it’s an incredibly big deal for me. I can’t even begin to tell you how deeply embarrassing that experience was, and that’s just regarding my personal life. Because of the nature of my job, I’m worried that my work could even be affected. To what extent, I don’t know. I don’t think I’d get fired, but it’s still a conversation I hope I never have to have.

It was very difficult to work on your commission after that. Partly because I’ve been very anxious about all this, but also because I personally feel that my interests in this fetish have actually a caused some damage. I was careless, and because of my lack of self control, I’ve humiliated myself, and negatively affected several relationships in my life. That’s been a tough pill for me to swallow, and to this point, I have not finished any commissions. If I were to finish one, it would be very poor quality.

In light of this, I’m issuing a refund to everyone that’s already paid for a commission. There were 3 individuals that paid. I can provide the transaction receipts if necessary.

Additionally, I feel that it’s time for me to step away for awhile. I will not accepting any commissions, and I will not be posting any content.

I again want to apologize for the inconvenience I’ve caused everyone that’s engaged me regarding a commission. I really appreciate this community, and everyone that’s supported me in my writing.

