The Desperation Games - A Hunger Games Parody

Author: misslunaswift

*000*2014-07-02 21:24

I've been working on an omorashi version of the Hunger Games for a while and I'd love your opinion on the story so far. Katy Evans sees the Desperation Games as her last chance to win some real money, a holding contest held live on air. But Katy has one advantage over the other women gathering next to her on stage as they all start to drink. She's been holding it in for pleasure for years and squirming desperation is just a part of Katy's life. But the Desperation Games are hosted by a man with a talent for teasing even the strongest contestants into letting go. Can Katy hold in her pee long enough to win the grand prize? Sit back and enjoy the wettest TV show you'll ever see! Chapter 1 - Signing Up For the Games

"You don't need to do this."

I looked down at him and sighed. "We've been over this. Where else are we going to get the money from?"

"But the Desperation Games? Really?"

"I'm not arguing with you. I have to get going. The show starts in an hour." I headed out of the door.

"I love you," he shouted after me. "Make sure you come back to me."

"Love you too," I called back before heading down the street towards the studios, passing advertising hoardings plastered with images of the Desperation Games. There was the girl from the farming district, winner of last year's show. She was beaming a huge grin and pointing at the dark stain on her pure white trousers, the trousers of the champion. Could I ever hope to do as well as her?

There was the factory girl, wearing her denim dungarees and holding her hands between her thighs in that signature way of hers. All those stars, all rich beyond their wildest dreams because of one thing, their ability to hold in their pee for longer than anyone else.

My feet were starting to hurt by the time I reached the studio. The place was packed with hopefuls and I joined the end of an enormous queue. By the time I made it through the door, I was beginning to need the bathroom but having practised holding it for weeks in preparation, I wasn't too worried yet.

"Name?" a bored woman holding a clipboard asked as I finally reached the front of the queue.

"Katy Evans."

"Move along."

The queue shuffled towards a bank of elevators and we were herded into them, crammed in so tightly I could barely breathe. Silently the doors closed and we set off, coming to a halt on the twelfth floor. More people with clipboards guarded the corridor and slowly we were sent through different doors to find out just what our fate was.

"Name?" I was asked for the tenth time.

"Katy Evans."

"In here."

A door swung open and I was ushered inside.

"Welcome!"

I was shocked to see the host of the Desperation Games standing there, grinning at me from an armchair. A bank of TV cameras facing me blinked into life.

"Katy Evans, you are one of the lucky ones. We're trying out something new this year. No training, no rehearsals, just straight on with the show. Are you brave enough?"

I managed to nod, hardly able to believe it had happened so quickly.

"Well come and sit with me. After all, you're live on air right now!"

I felt a shiver of fear run through me as I made my way to the spare armchair. I'd seen this set so many times at home, it felt surreal finally being here. On the table between us was a huge crystal jug of water.

"You know who I am of course, don't you Katy?"

"Erm, yes. You're Augustus Winters."

He threw his head back and laughed. "That's right. And you're Katy Evans, two years out of university, unemployed and desperate to win some cash!"

He beamed a huge grin at the camera before pouring me out a massive glass of water. I took it from him as he continued talking. "Get it down you Katy. The show starts in five minutes just next door."

I drank the contents of the glass before he poured me out a second. Once the glass was empty he refilled it again. The third glass was harder to finish but at last I managed it. Feeling uncomfortably bloated I was helped through a door into an enormous wall of sound and light.

The studio audience were all there, screaming and cheering as I walked on. The host seemed to have run ahead of me, waiting beside a line up of women, all squirming on the spot under the glare of the lights.

"Well, here they all are," Augustus yelled. "What do you think of them all?"

I looked to my right at my fellow contestants. They were a range of ages. The youngest looked barely out of college, then there were two or three around my age, one in her forties and two who looked 50 or 60 maybe. I knew then that maybe I did have a chance to win. Although the amount of water in my system was building, I didn't feel as if I was bursting just yet, unlike the others who looked as if they were about to wet themselves already.

The youngest contestant had her hands between her legs, her face bright red. The older women looked decidedly uncomfortable too, although they were trying harder to hide it from the screaming audience.

"Ladies and gentlemen," Augustus said, quietening down the huge crowd. "Welcome to the 17th annual Desperation Games!"

Once the cheering had died down again, he continued. "Things are being shaken up this year. After the 'issues' last year, we're making sure nobody can cheat. So ladies, first things first. Strip off your clothes."

We all looked at each other. This had come as a shock. I mean we were all here to be humiliated but was this a step too far? One of the contestants shook her head at that point and walked away, ignoring the jeers from the audience. The rest of us weren't going anywhere. We all needed the money.

The girl next to me started first, pulling her tee shirt over her head and beginning to unhook her bra. I followed, embarrassed but not willing to lose my chance for the big money. Besides, I had a good looking body. I undid the buttons of my blouse, laying it down beside me before pulling my bra off. My breasts swung free and my nipples began to harden in the coolness of the air conditioning blasting out above us. I slid my skirt down with my panties and stepped out of them, leaving me in just my heels.

I looked round me at the other women. We were quite a variety of shapes and sizes. Huge boobs and almost flat chests mingled, bushy pubic hair and totally shaved and everything in-between. The girl next to me had her hands between her bare legs again as Augustus needlessly explained the rules to the audience. It was pretty simple really. Whoever lasted the longest without wetting themselves would win the big prize. Sometimes the contest was over in less than an hour, other times it went on all day. The longest show had taken nearly two full days but that had been years ago. I knew I could last at least twelve hours between peeing but with my bladder this full, I didn't think I'd last anywhere near that long now. My only desire was to outlast the other contestants.

"Time for the first game," Augustus said as he walked down the row of naked women before spinning to face the crowd. "Bring out the treadmills."

Hope you liked chapter 1! Let me know what you think.

Love Luna

*002*2014-07-04 20:17

{{: 

Chapter one was good. Would like to see the whole thing.

}}

Here's chapter 2 for those who've enjoyed the beginning. Things are getting wetter! Chapter 2 - Treadmill to the Toilet

I stood gripping the handles of my treadmill and began slowly walking. Fully automated, they were designed to gradually pick up speed until eventually we'd all be sprinting as fast as we could. They would only switch off when one of us wet ourselves. I just hoped it wouldn't be me. I'd hate to have gotten naked for nothing.

As I took slow strides I stared at the bank of monitors placed in front of us. It was like looking into mirrors as we all had perfect views of each other. The audience were watching silently too on the giant screens, waiting to see what would happen next, who'd be the first to lose it.

Each monitor had a small picture in picture in the lower corner, focussed on the pussy of us contestants.

It felt quite strange seeing a close up of my own hairless labia, especially knowing millions of eyes at home would be watching it two, bets being exchanged, comments being made, freeze frames being prepared for tomorrow's papers.

I could feel the water inside me starting to slosh around as the treadmill picked up speed. I was striding along now, my boobs starting to bounce as I gripped the handle tighter. I hadn't realised how much I needed to go before but now I was becoming desperate, feeling a pressure within my bladder as it warned me it was close to overflowing.

"Time to speed things along," Augustus shouted as glamorous assistants handed us all a tall glass of water. "Drink it down ladies, it's thirsty work exercising like this."

I could hear the others moaning but we all knew the score. If we didn't drink, we'd be thrown off the show. I downed my water quickly and gasped, a sudden shudder of cold running through my body as it protested at the extra fluid I was pouring inside. To distract myself I stared at the monitors, looking to see who I thought might go first.

The teenager might be next. I stared at her body as she walked. She was struggling to keep going as she had her thighs clamped together and was visibly wriggling from side to side, muttering under her breath.

"How you feeling Jennifer?" the host asked her, holding out his microphone. "You look a bit flustered."

"I'm fine," she managed to grimace. "Just don't distract me. God, I need to piss so bad right now."

The audience laughed at the prospect as the host moved along the line. The shot of the girl's crotch, her hand rubbing against her labia made my heart race. I felt a tingle of excitement as I saw her clit briefly exposed before she clamped down on her fist once more. Although I'm not into women in that way, the sight of her perfectly formed pussy was still enough to arouse me. At least it distracted me from my desperation.

"How about you Marie?" he asked the old woman next to Jennifer. She looked as if she might keel over, her cheeks were flushed and sweat coated her brow. Her taut muscular body suggested a lifetime of exercise but now she was struggling. Maybe it was her oversized boobs, swinging as she walked. Perhaps her bladder control wasn't as strong anymore. Her dark pubic hair hid her pussy but as she strode, the camera managed to get glimpses of the large lips hidden beneath it.

"I'm all right thank you," she replied politely, managing a smile as the pace picked up again and we all started jogging. "Oh no, I can't run. Not at my age."

She nearly tripped but somehow kept going, the view of her labia showed a tiny glistening. "Is that sweat or pee?" Augustus asked, leaning forward and stroking her pussy with his finger before licking it. "Neither," he shouted. "It's sweeter than both." Marie blushed deeply as he rubbed her again, she let out a tiny gasp and stumbled from the side of the treadmill, standing panting, her chest heaving. This wasn't unusual. Augustus would often tease the contestants, try to hurry things along.

As I began to run faster, feeling the stabbing pain from my overfilled bladder, I kept looking at the monitor. Augustus began to kiss Marie's neck, long lingering caresses that made her moan with arousal. I was just glad he wasn't doing it to me. I knew an orgasm would empty the pee from me in seconds.

Marie spread her legs slightly as she stood there, Augustus slipping a finger down between her sweat coated breasts, lower to her belly button, pushing her distended bladder with the flat of his hand before sliding it over her pubic hair to her clit. She gasped loudly, her mouth open as he slid his experienced hand over her pussy, teasing and tormenting her in equal measure. When he nudged two fingers up into her he began kissing her again, sliding his tongue into her mouth as the audience watched in rapt silence. It wasn't easy to watch as I ran, my own sense of desperation making me wince.

I crammed a hand between my legs, pressing it to my urethra to help hold in my pee as Marie was gently finger fucked in front of us all. Another few minutes passed and Augustus never sped up, just kept the same rhythm throughout until Marie whispered "oh god," and began to shudder, her body turning rigid as she reached a powerful climax, her neck tilted back as Augustus kissed it softly. She seemed to shake all over as she came, grabbing his arm and holding his hand inside her as suddenly I saw a gush of piss spurt out of her. It coated the host's arm and ran down Marie's legs, forming a widening pool on the studio floor.

It seemed to keep going forever and it was torture for the rest of us to watch, the smell of fresh pee filling the air and making us our need to relieve ourselves all the more urgent. The only positive was that as soon as Marie started peeing, the treadmills slowed to a halt and we all stood panting and sweating, squirming on the spot as we watched our chances of winning get that little bit stronger.

Marie finally stopped peeing and was then helped off the stage, her legs wobbling from the aftermath of her orgasm. Augustus wiped his arm with a towel as he turned to the crowd. "Time for round two!"

Hope you liked chapter 2!

If anyone would like to get the whole story in one go and support my writing, have a look at my Desperation Games page

%on my website.

