Another note - Page 3

Author: AuthorFaust

*050*2012-01-02 05:08

{{: 

Hello everybody. Yuno here, and she apologizes that this isn't an Update just yet. However, since Ishi-Ishi was remarking about you all possibly wanting to attempt a 'Whodoneit Game, Yuno figured she'd share a bit of Information with you all. Below is a list of the students in Faust's Classroom, and Yuno wants to know who Faust should go after next. So readers, this is your time to shine. Tell Yuno who you want to see, and Yuno will be happy to suggest it to Faust, out of Story to incorporate, In story. Oh, and don't mind the little notes, okay? Yuno likes to pen things down about people.

}}

01-Bao Nguyen(doesn't like Girls. Investigated previously.) 02- Niiya Miyazaki (New Girl. Very sweet. Very smart). 03- Rosealine Miina (Red hair. Big breasts. A bit too comfortable with others.). 04- Hiitan Kaiko (Hot headed. Short tempered. Vulgar.) 05- Raina Hikari (Looks young. Silver hair. Speaks a bit adult-like.)

06-Rorek Murakami (Foreign. Kind of Thuggish. Blonde Boy.) 07- Wynn Tatsumaki (Suspicious. Kidnapped My love.) 8- Eido Aeroda (Idiot. Red head. Boy that likes skateboarding.) 09- Aussa Tsuchiko (Brown Hair. Serious. Glasses. Science Club) 10- Shizuko Yuute (Mute. Communicates through a notebook. Student Librarian)

011-Nekana Bachita (Quiet. Flat chested. Blue haired. Gentle way of speaking.) 12- Mijiyou Harusuhei (Loud. Energetic boy. White Hair. Very direct. Soccer Club) 13- Faustus Necromonium (Yuno's Love~<3). 014- Yuno Gasai (Me! <3) 15- Anera Redeyan (Smiley...a bit too smiley. Orange hair. Girl. Wants to be a psychiatrist)

16-Ni Nguyen (Draws....stuff) 17- Kusuri Keiraku (Was talking with my Love. Yuno is suspicious). 18- Orvaeus Velvatair (Has lots of bandages. Polite) 19- Umiko Suichan (Pale blue hair. Captain of Swimming Team.) 20-Rika Reich. (Half German. purple hair. Archery Club )

*055*2012-01-21 03:43

{{: 

Okay, so Shizuo is the person we want to see, yes? Yuno will hint at Faust to go after her for the next chapter.

Yuno thinks we might get to squeeze in one more person too. owo~

Yuno apologizes that this isn't the update yet, but it should be coming soon.

}}

*056*2012-02-21 07:56

Chapter 9, Part 1: A Long Day

The light of the sun pervaded Faust's room, as he grumbled lightly.

"Feels like I've been sleeping forever." he mumbled, feeling a warm feeling against him. Though he flinched for a bit, thankfully, it wasn't the same as the previous day. Rather, the warmth against him was coming from his little bedmate.

Heh....figures. he thought, smiling as he looked down at the pink haired girl. She looked so.....So...

"Mmm...Faust..." the girl's voice murmured, nuzzling his chest. Her soft arms rubbed against him as she held him gently, but firmly, as if not wanting to let go. Looking down, a slight flush rose to his face as he learned that the girl had gone shirtless. He'd have to ask her about that when she woke up... As he went to wrestle himself away from her though, her grip suddenly tightened, and he felt her legs wrapping around him, holding him in place.

"Y...Yuno?!" Faust called, surprised by the sudden movement and the surprising amount of force she held him with. As his own arms started to wriggle against hers, he caught a glimpse of her face, scrunched up in exertion.

"Nnnn...Ohhh.." Yuno's voice mused, her legs crossing as she clenched him tighter. "Oh...Yuno...can't.."

Faust could feel the girl quivering against him, as her legs gripped him even tighter. He could feel her warm body rubbing against his as she whimpered, red starting to come to her face.

"Yuno...." Faust called in a pained voice, the girl snuggling into him more. He could feel her grinding against him, as she whimpered, quietly.

"Faust....Faust...I..." the girl murmured, her breaths becoming deeper and more labored, as her body moved against his more. Her legs squeezed him tightly, and her arms were locked around his back, the boy wincing as he felt it pop. He'd never have guessed she was that strong. "Faust, I'm..I'm..." she called in a louder voice, before her hold on him hit it's climax, popping several of his joints as a warmth began to spread across his waist, Yuno letting out a loud moan at this. Faust's face flushed at this, knowing he didn't have to look down to tell what was happening. For a few moments, the room was filled with the sounds of Yuno's quiet moans of relief, and some low hissing.

"Yu...Yuno..." Faust sounded, shakily as her grip loosened, allowing him to break away from her at last, tearing the covers away from both of them as he got an eyeful of her bosom. His eyes drifted downward to avoid gawking, only to be met with watching her pink pajamas darkening and dampening as she continued to have her accident. The sudden chill of the morning air brought a chill along his back, while the pink haired girl quivered and shivered.

"Mmmpth....Mm....." the girl's voice moaned, as her eyelids slowly opened, wondering just what that wonderus feeling was. She'd had just the most wonderful dream, before...Before....

"A..Ah..?" she called, blinking as she felt a warmth coming from her, and Faust laying a small ways away, red as a beet. Her arms folded over her breasts reflexively, before she sat up, scissoring her legs in an attempt to stop the flow. However, as she felt it drip off, she'd known it was far too late. An akward silence filled the air between the two, as Yuno's face started to glow brightly.

"F-F-F-Fa...Fauuuust..." she stammered, covering herself up reflexively as she turned away from him, letting out a small scream.

The boy staggered out of the room, shutting the door behind him as he looked down at his outfit. His pants were soaked, and he could swear his heart was about to beat out of his chest. He leaned against the door, face still burning bright red as he seemed to be gasping for air.

Sh-she was...and then she... Faust thought, the image burned into his brain as he gasped for a bit, before eventually steadying himself enough to get back to his feet, and starting in the living room.

"Thank God I don't live with my family." he stated quietly as he walked in. "Would hate to have to explain this..."

When, all of the sudden, he noticed something being shoved inbetween the bottom crack in the door. Before he could register this, he could hear a set of heavy footsteps darting away from his door. He moved quickly, grabbing the door handle to swing it open, forgetting about the locks on it as he tugged at it.

No dammit, no! he thought, hands scampering up towards the locks as he undid them shakily. By the time he swung the door open though, the source of the footsteps was out of sight.

"Damn.." he called, looking down at the envelope as he picked it up, reading the address on it quietly.

To: Faust

He stepped back inside, before opening the envelope and pulling out a piece of paper, similar to the one from the prior day.

You need to be more attentive, and agressive Faust. I'd sent Her after you yesterday to test you, and you're too much of a pushover. Next time a girl grabs you to toss you off a building, fight back a little.

You're lucky that I'm not after your life, or you'd be dead. Time's ticking down.... Better hurry up, and put the pieces together...before it's too late.

==="Yuno Gasai"==

The boy blinked at the name, looking to his door as he looked down at the paper again. He doubted it was her, though he could sense a little something...different from the paper. Perhaps it was from the other Note-holder's book?

"Ugh..So much to do..and the day's just starting." he groaned a bit, before the door to his room opened, the pink haired girl standing in the doorway with with a nervous smile. She was back to wearing her uniform again, with the sheets from the bed bundled up in her hand.

"Y...You can go in there now.." she called, fidgeting nervously as Faust passed her by, quickly.

"O...okay..." Faust replied, avoiding eye-contact as he moved into his room, shutting the door behind himself sheepily as he went for his uniform, preparing to change.

I have a feeling.. he thought, as he stripped off his wet pajamas. That this is going to be a long day.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

(Faust apologizes again for only doing a half chapter, and for the long time between updates. He'll try to have part 2 up soon.)

(Yuno would like to ask for any more votes before Faust begins the schoolday in the story, for people you might want to see.)

*060*2012-04-20 05:06

Faust sincerely apologizes for the long wait, and wants to let you know this project hasn't been abandoned. He's just...had a rather tiring time lately. He's planning to have the next part up soon....hopefully within the week.

Thank you for the comments and such, Faust hopes to have the update soon for everyone to read.

Also, Faust apologizes for those who clicked this, and thought it was an update.

*065*2012-05-01 06:58

Faust appreciates everyone's patience, and would like to apologize for the long wait he keeps making everyone deal with between posts. But, Faust has managed to type up some more, thanks to a certain someone. (Sil)

So, this part may not be as good as the previous chapters, (as they usually aren't) but Faust hopes you enjoy anyways.

Chapter 9, Part 2: Investigations

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

After the painfully awkward morning, Faust and Yuno moved out to the bus stop, a silence filling the air between them. Yuno herself seemed to be slowly moving away from Faust, as if slowly drifting out to sea. Faust's gaze moved to match hers, but she quickly turned away, flushing a light red in embarrassment.

The green haired boy sighed internally, looking down the other way at this, and wracked his brain. He'd need to find some way to investigate some of the other students....but how would he go about that? He couldn't just write 'So and So tells Faust who has the other note'. Well, he didn't think he could at least....could he?

His train of thought was suddenly interrupted by the loud, telltale signs of the bus. Yuno quickly scampered on, leaving the green haired boy behind as he hesitantly marched on. Seeing Yuno head to the back, (and several people hastily moving away), Faust figured it would be best for her if he left her alone for the morning. As the bus doors closed, and it was about to take off, a familiar pair of figures could be seen darting towards the bus from afar.

"Waiiiiiit! Hold onnn!" Wynn's voice called, running with her arms raised. Behind her another figure trailed, clearly out of breath. Faust motioned at the Bus Driver to wait, getting a few nasty grumbles for his trouble, before the doors opened again for the late-comers.

"T...Thanks..." Wynn breathed to the bus driver, wiping some of the sweat off of her brow. Faust couldn't help but notice a much warmer expression on the driver's face at Wynn's apperance, before the other late arrival was revealed.

"You...Said...we had....time." Kusuri's voice echoed, clearly exasperated and just as out of breath. "Said....I had plenty of time to..."

"I'm sorry okay?!" Wynn called back. "I didn't realize that my watch was broken. I thought you had plenty of time to..."

Suddenly, the green haired girl noticed the boy standing up next to the driver, and flushed.

"F...F..Faust, I didn't see you there!" She called shakily, as she looked around for the familiar pink haired figure. "Wh..where's..."

Faust mouthed no words, merely gesturing his eyes towards the back to give Wynn an indication. The girl turned her head to see the girl, before turning back as she stammered.

"O...Oh, Did...something happen?" She started, before raising her hands. "I...I mean...It's not my buisness or anything...I just...."

"Can we just find a seat already?" Kusuri's annoyed voice spoke. "We're already late enough as it is...We don't want to miss first period..."

"Oh, R-R-Right!" Wynn called, gesturing a bit hurriedly with her hands. "Sh..sh...shall we?"

Faust nodded quietly, before moving towards an open seat near the back. As he plopped down, the two girls seemed to be debating amoungst themselves on where to sit. As the bus started up, the purple haired one pointed at Faust, muttering something to Wynn, as they came closer.

"Mind if we sit here?" Kusuri's voice inquired. Faust shook his head, picking up his bag as the girl sat down beside him, gesturing at Wynn to do the same. A few almost inaudible protests were heard, before she relented, and joined the group.

The bus ride to school was thankfully uneventful, and despite Kusuri's short worry, they made it to class with time to spare. Yuno retook her place along Faust's side at this, though still seemed to be a bit hesitant to look him in the eyes. Murayama-sensei hadn't been in school for a while, so Yuno could sit wherever she liked, instead of being forced away. Faust watched the class slowly follow in, making mental notes of them as they did.

He'd have to actually investigate people today, to try to figure out who had the note. The problem was, who to check? And better yet, how? He looked once again at the note, and then at the girl beside him. Hearing class start, he lazily kept track of notes as he plotted.

Yuno doesn't know about the note...but maybe... he thought, before penning down a small note to Yuno, and handing it over.

"Yuno, want to help me with something?"

The pink haired girl took the message quickly, penning down a reply, and handing it back.

"Yuno would be happy to help you Faust! Just tell her what to do!"

Faust smiled, penning a reply back.

"Okay, here's what I need you to do..."

First period passed by quietly, the teacher apparently not noticing (or alternatively, caring) that they spent it passing notes. After second period, they would put their plan into action.

Or, to be more precise, after second period was lunch. Though Faust believed Yuno could probably get the awnsers she wanted, he figured a little help wouldn't hurt. Near the end of the hour, he pulled out his notebook, and (Discreetly), wrote down a name.

Rosealine Miina: 12:30, She feels an urge, and heads to the bathroom answering Yuno's questions, with the full truth she is capable of telling. After five minutes of this, she relieves herself.

He looked at the clock, then to Yuno as the Red haired girl in the front row seemed to flinch a bit. He blinked a bit in surprise, before looking to another girl in the class.

Shizuko.. Faust thought quietly to himself, as he watched the blue haired girl. She always seemed to be holding a notebook, and refused to talk to anyone verbally. Signs did kind of hint at her being a suspect, though he couldn't be sure...

A thought soon silenced as the bell rang, signalling the start of his plan. As if on cue, Rose darted out of the room quickly, and Yuno followed her.

"Miina-chan? I have something I wanted to ask you..." the bubbly pink haired girl called in a sweet, sing-songy voice.

Right. That leaves... he thought, before starting forward.

"Shizuko-san." Faust called, watching the blue haired girl turn silently, before continuing on. He paused, as she took a fleeting glance at him, before continuing on. Was she.....leading him? He started after, picking up his things as he moved through the doorway, watching the girl drift silently and carefully through the halls. Her movements, natural and practiced. Had she been rehearsing for this day? He followed her more, watching as she kept sneaking glances over her shoulder at him.

Oh yeah...definitely something up. he called, watching her pen something down in a small notebook. He moved a bit to the side, glancing about for others, before looking back.

The girl moved further away, before getting to a certain door, and starting in. Faust took a few more glances around, and looked to the door.

Library The sign read, plainly. Faust could feel his palms getting a bit sweaty, before he opened the door shakily. What greeted him wasn't quite the dark and scary meeting place he usually figured where the culprit was caught in mystery novels, but a normal, plain library. Shelves lined up and filled with books, a small area with a few tables for reading, Some beanbag chairs to lounge around in, and an older woman he could only guess was the librarian lazing behind the counter for any students that would check out books. Of course, he didn't focus too long on her, instead his eyes scanned the area for a certain blue-haired figure, who he found shelving a small stack of books.

Carefully, Faust approached the girl as she stretched up to slide a book into a certain hard-to-reach spot, her movements precise and practiced. As he looked her up and down, he took note of her outfit. She was wearing a tan, long sleeved V-neck shirt, and a knee length black skirt that hugged her hips tightly. Her legs were covered in just under knee-length dark-blue socks, and they trailed off to a pair of black shoes, similar to those seen on dolls. Before long, he had found himself gawking, before a rhythmic tapping caught him off guard.

She'd pulled out a notebook, and had been tapping at a message.

Not a lot of people come to the library on lunch...

Faust mouthed the words, before nodding.

"Yeah, it seems kind of quiet in here..." he called, looking around at the general lack of...people. "Do you come here often?"

Silence filled the room again, before she pulled back the notebook, and scratched a message back on the book. The green haired boy waited nervously, as she turned the notebook back to him.

Any particular reason you're here?

Faust paused, glacing to the sides of the room, before pulling out the small black book. The Wet Note...

"Do you...have one of these books?" Faust called, figuring if she knew what it was, she'd reply. But, if she didn't, it seemed perfectly harmless enough....

The girl looked over the book with a...strangely focused glance. The girl paused, turning around a moment before pulling out a pair of glasses out of a small pouch. She then leaned in closer to Faust, looking at the book with a rather...intense focus. Her shirt seemed to hang off of her, showing off something dark blue as she stared intently at the cover of the book. A few quiet moments passed, before she pulled back, scribbling down something on a notebook. Faust leaned closer to try to read over her shoulder, before she thrust the book in his face.

I'm not sure if I have that one in particular, but I've seen some like it. Something about it really bugs me......

Faust flinched again, realizing that the girl probably didn't know what the book was. Before he could say any words, the girl suddenly made a quick grab for the book.

"Wh-What are you doing?" Faust snapped, raising the book above his head and firmly out of the girl's reach. The mute went to grab at the book again, stretching herself out, before moving to pen down a request.

Let me get a better look at that notebook!

Though she didn't say anything, the words seemed to jump out at him from the paper, as the girl stretched up again, her hands meeting his wrists.

"W-What? N-no!" Faust called, moving back as the girl pressed against him. Though words didn't escape her, she was making her intentions well known. Faust staggered back as the girl sprang up at him, her hands meeting his in a quick, gripping motion, then causing the two to fall over. A loud crashing could be heard resounding through the library, though the older lady behind the counter didn't move an inch from her spot. She'd managed to fall asleep in the near silence of the room, combined with the general lack of activity. The student librarian on the other hand, hadn't stopped moving after they fell, and soon enough she'd climbed her way on top of Faust, wrestling the notebook out of his grip.

"A...Ahh..Give it back.." Faust's voice called, muffled by the girl's midriff as she had laid on top of him to commandeer the book. His arms flailed about to try to figure out where she'd moved, grabbing at air and few other places he wasn't entirely sure of, while the girl flipped through the notebook. Page after page seemed to be flipped through, before he heard the book being closed, and felt something hitting his head.

Shizuko then got off of the boy quietly, before moving back to her position to write another message in her own book. Faust could feel his insides twisting in anticipation as the girl wrote, wondering just what she'd read. He'd discovered the object he'd been hit with was his own note, and was thankful for the return of it. However, soon enough, she finished her reply, holding up her notebook with a simple question.

Where did you get this book?

"I....I...I just kind of got it placed in my locker!" Faust stammered quickly, a small flush filling his features. "I don't know where it's from, or who had it before, I swear!!"

Another awkward silence filled the room, as the girl seemed to listen for a bit, mulling over her thoughts. Five seconds passed....then ten, then fifteen. At twenty seconds, the girl started to pen down a message again, writing with a sort of edge. Her hands seemed to slide off the paper as she appeared to be finishing a word, reminiscent of a certain figure from a anime in flashy, exaggerated movements. However, after a bit, she turned the book around for him to read the message, her face decorated with a sort of deep scowl.

I don't quite know what kind of book that is, but one thing I know for sure. Whoever it was that had that book....Has been messing around with the cover. I understand the need to seperate your books out, but you don't color on it with cheap marker!

Faust's insides seemed to pause at this, finding it rather odd. He could swear he could hear footsteps in the hallway, though he couldn't be for sure. Either way, the girl seemed to be rather bothered by the book, before she pulled hers back, scribbling down a message.

Well? What do you have to say?!

Faust's eyes twitched as he read the words, his mind picturing an incredibly loud tone coming from the silent girl.

"N...Nothing...Sorry...." he replied shakily, trying to get back to his feet as he turned. "I...I should probably get back to class...shouldn't I?"

The mute girl nodded quietly in a sort of silent, seething rage. However, almost as soon as she tensed up, her eyes glossed over in a familiar looking expression.

She moved closer, her hands moving back towards her notebook as she wrote with a distinctly...different style. Her body seemed to shudder a bit as she wrote, putting the pen to her lips for a second, before resuming with the writing. Eventually, she tore the page out, and held it out to the boy, with a quiet smile.

Faust. You're quite an idiot. If I hadn't decided to see just what you were doing right now, you'd be in for a world of trouble....You should be grateful.

By the time he'd finished reading the note, another one was being held out to him.

Either way, you'll want to keep and then get rid of these notes...That is, unless you want to get manhandled and found out again like you just did. Don't worry, she'll have no means of remembering this, so long as you don't screw this up from here...

He looked up at the blue haired girl once more, watching her body shiver as she moved closer to him again, sliding off her glasses with a pleased looking expression. Her hips swayed with need, and it didn't take Faust long to figure out what it meant. The girl penned another note, before holding it out to the boy with a shiver.

Either way, you have until tommorow to figure out who I am. I'd get out of there right now if I was you...Otherwise, a certain someone's likely going to be very displeased with you. -Best wishes: Another Note Holder.

As he looked up, the girl had squatted down, and lifted up her skirt. Faust caught a glimpse of some blue polka dot cloth, before a hissing sound could be heard coming from her. Soon enough, her panties had started to darken, and a gushing sound could be heard, liquid pooling on the floor. Faust quickly staggered to his feet and stormed out of the room, gripping the notes tightly as he opened the door.

Taking one last look at the girl and her steadily growing puddle, Faust decided it was best to not linger. He could hear some sleepy, annoyed comments as he slammed the door, followed by confusion, and then slight outrage as he continued to run away from the room quickly.

As he turned through, he'd managed to inadvertantly plow right into someone else, tumbling to the ground. Not only had their bodies met the ground, but several papers, and a few notebooks seemed to have flown out of both of their hands, scattering about everywhere as well. Along with the confusion, both sides of the collision let out some pained groans.

"Oww...sorry about that..." Faust apologized, looking at the small mess they caused. "I wasn't looking where I was going. I didn't mean to.....Wynn?"

[End of Chapter 9, part 2]

*072*2012-07-21 17:06

Guess what time it is? Time finally for another Update. Faust apologizes for the long delays between chapters, but he's been busy with life. Hopefully, it'll be sufficient, and won't be too bad. Either way, Faust will try to update with the next chapter soon, and soon enough, maybe get to the official conclusion of Another Note. so, without further delay, Here it is~

Chapter 10: A Surprise

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Ah...it's okay....Fau.." Wynn's voice assured, for a second, pausing as she recognized the voice. "Faust?! Wh-Wh-what are you doing?!"

The green haired girl scampered to her feet at this, flushing lightly as she backed up into a wall. Faust pushed to his feet at this, rotating his arm a bit as he looked Wynn over.

"Is...something wrong?" he asked her, seeing her shake a little as she almost seemed to be sliding away.

"W...Well, it's just....Umm.." Wynn stammered, starting to flush, before grabbing at his arm and yanking on it. "F-F-Follow me!"

Not like Faust had any choice in the matter, as he felt his arm practically being yanked out of it's socket as she sprinted, passing by several other students, and heading up to the second floor. She continued her little jog along the way, looking back at the rather exhausted looking Faust.

"D...Do we have to run..?" Faust panted, clearly out of breath after having been forced to cross such a distance, in addition to fleeing the library. Wynn slowed down at this, starting to merely lead him around the area, before stopping in front of a very familiar door.

"Just a moment..." Wynn called quietly, loosing her grip on his arm for a second as she pressed into the door, pushing it open and darting inside. Before Faust could ponder why she'd drug him there, she opened the door again, grabbing his arm. "Alright, it's clear!"

And again, Faust found himself yanked, this time into a...rather dangerous spot.

W...why the girl's... he thought, as he was brought to a stall, tugged in by Wynn and heard the familiar locking of a bathroom stall.

"Okay..this should be safe enough..." Wynn muttered lightly to herself, closing the toilet lid, and climbing up on it.

"What are you doing..?" Faust inquired, starting to slowly catch his breath. "Bringing me all the way up here...To the girl's...."

Wynn seemed to grab at something mid-sentence, pulling down something as she climbed off the stall.

"Found it.." she called, holding a small notebook. "Faust...know how there's been a lot of......incidents..involving bathroom..stuff..lately?" The hesitation to continue each word did nothing to allieviate the awkward air that hung around them. Faust's expression turned a bit to the side, looking more at the bathroom stall wall than Wynn.

"s...Sorta." he muttered, feeling his heart start to race. Wait, was Wynn saying....

"Well, you see.." Wynn started, turning around the book. "A...umm...certain someone told me that there was a book stored around here...That had a list of everyone's names. Or, everyone that's....yeah. And after a little exploring, I found......This."

She held up the book, a black, spiral bound notebook with the words "Wet Note" Written on the front in white. The words seemed to be written with something resembling marker.

"Wet....note..?" Faust sounded out, a flush coming to both of their faces as Wynn nodded.

"Y..yeah.." She called, opening the notebook quickly. "I mean, our teacher's name is on here....Yuno's is on here...Kusuri's is..Niiya's....Yours.... E..Even mine..."

Faust froze at this, moving over to pull the book down.

"M..M..My name?!" he exclaimed, leaning in towards Wynn far closer than she expected. Her grip on the notebook laxed at this as she reddened, letting Faust snatch it up and staggering back onto the toilet.

Faust's eyes quickly scanned the notebook, finding everything that Wynn said was true.

Zakura Murayama, Yuno Gasai, Wynn Tatsumaki, Faust Necromonium, Kusuri Keiraku, Niiya Yamakaji...All here.. Faust thought, scanning over several other names that he didn't recognize, before putting the book down.

"I...didn't have an accident though.." He added quietly, flushing deeply as Wynn averted his gaze.

"I...I don't k-know a-anything about th-this.." she stuttered, before turning back. "But....Do you think, maybe whoever wrote this is causing all of the..accidents, somehow?"

Faust paused, feeling his heart pounding in his chest at this, thinking. He'd managed to find the note, but..was it really the note? Or was it just a list? His name was on the list, despite not having an accident at school, which only made things more complicated.

"Maybe.." Faust called, looking it over again. "I mean, what do you think they do? Write the name and the person loses it....Or do they just skulk around and write the names of anyone who they find wet..?"

"I...don't know." Wynn retorted, pausing for a bit to leave another air of awkwardness over the two of them. Suddenly though, she sprang up, raising her hand.

"I have an Idea!" she exclaimed in realization, procuring a pen from her pocket. "W...Write my name down in it. If I.."

"Wh-What?!" Faust snapped, his own face flushing bright and red as a ripe tomato at the suggestion. "B..B...But if you...and...It...."

"I KNOW!" Wynn snapped back, her face burning the same shade of red, cupping her hand around her mouth, and averting her gaze. "I...I just think...Maybe if we can figure out if it's just a list, or if it's like...some kind of Magic book....."

Faust furrowed his brow in concentration, finding the situation almost too perfect. Here he was needing to check the validity of the Note, and Wynn was volunteering herself as a subject. The air around them resumed it's silence again, before he reach over, and pulled the pen from her grip.

"So long as you don't hate me if it works..." he muttered quietly, the girl smiling a bit at his acceptance of her idea. "Wynn's easy enough to spell....But walk me through your last name, okay?"

"O..Of course!" Wynn replied, nodding at his request, then lifting the toilet lid as she sat back down. "S..So long as you won't think I'm gross for volunteering for something so...Private."

Faust flushed deeply at this, but smiled warmly.

"I could never." He assured her, grinning despite his flush, starting to pen her name down. "S..So, how's it spe-"

His sentence caugh in his throat as he looked up at Wynn, seeing her skirt bunched up in her hands. His eyes almost naturally trailed up her legs, past her socks, and between her vibrant thighs, ending on a pair of blue-striped panties. He violently coughed for a bit in embarrassment, his face burning bright red.

"W..What are you doing?!" he snapped hurriedly, watching Wynn recoil a bit, and flush.

"Well...it's just...If it works...and I end up going....I don't wanna risk getting my skirt wet.....but I don't want to expose myself..So..umm..."

"I could turn around!!" Faust added, doing so with a flush. "S..So...you can t...t..take off your P..P...P...How's it spelled?!"

"T-a-t-s-u-m-a-k-i." Wynn sounded, sitting down quietly as Faust's hand moved, writing.

"K....I." Faust announced, finishing the name, as he held the book, flushing still. If this really did work..

Several tense moments passed, the two waiting in an awkward silence for a while. If he had his guess right, it'd be fourty seconds before she.....

"A-Anything?" Faust quipped, Wynn shaking her head.

"N..No...nothing.." She added back, loosing her grip on her skirt. "I...I don't feel any different...."

"A..Ah...okay.." Faust replied, waiting through some more tense moments.

Thirty six, thirty seven, thirty eight. he counted in his head, trying to keep track of the time. He couldn't help but wonder if he was moving too fast, or too slow, before turning.

"Guess it's bubkis." He retorted back to her, undoing the lock on the door.

"Y...Yeah." Wynn added, standing up at his words, the toilet flushing idly. "What kind of magic would that be anyways? Being able to make someone go to the bathroo...Ah!"

Faust paused at this, turning around instinctually as Wynn's hands buried into her crotch, her legs locking.

"W..Wynn?" He asked, his heartrate picking up again. Was it actually...

"I'm....I'm peeing!" Wynn wailed, sitting back down on the toilet, a strangled hissing starting to fill the air between the two. Wynn's skirt started to darken rapidly at this, her hands moving to pull her skirt up in the front to try to salvage it. As such, Faust was treated to a brilliant view of her yellowing panties, as a stream pooled on and through her skirt, ending off in the bowl. Her head leaned back in a flush, starting to pant a bit heavily as her body emptied itself.

"I....Actually did it.." she called out, feeling her bladder rapidly deflate, with her body warming.

Faust kept watching in awe, his face resuming it's shade of red as Wynn let go. Though part of him was enjoying the show, another thought crossed his mind at this.

It's real...The Note's Real!

