WWE Omorashi story

Author: Emizzle94

*000*2012-06-29 19:13

WWE Omorashi story

Kane has a little accident in front of the love of his life. Will this make or break them? Or does Dynamite seem to enjoy the fact that The Big Red Monster has shown her a little more than his vulnerable side?

"Hello and welcome to another Monday night on Raw. I'm Michael Cole..." Michael Cole said.

"I'm Jerry 'The King' Lawler. And boy do we have one spectacular show for you tonight" Jerry said.

There was more talking from the two commentators and then the arena went red and Passion's Killing Floor by H.I.M played. On the titantron, videos of the newest Raw diva Dynamite played and then said woman jumped out from behind the guerrilla and landed as red and silver fireworks went off. The crowd went wild for the diva they'd seen on Smackdown previously and Dynamite smiled, talking to each of them as she went down the ramp.

"The following match is scheduled for one-fall, making her way to the ring, from Kenya East Africa...Dynamite!" The ring announcer said.

The crowd cheered as Dynamite got up into one of the corners and did her taunt.

"Dynamite! Dynamite! Dynamite!" The crowd cheered.

She stood in the middle of the ring as she waited for her opponent. It was then that Dolph Ziggler's music came on and Dynamite gave a look of disbelief.

"The look of disbelief on Dynamite's face Cole, it's like she can't believe that it’s Ziggler that she's fighting tonight" Lawler said.

Once Ziggler got into the ring, with Vickie Guerrero at ringside, the referee signalled for the bell to be rung and Dynamite and Ziggler entered a grapple, which Ziggler took control of, that is until Dynamite punched him in the gut several times and pushed him into the ropes. She lay on the floor as he came back and then frog hopped him as he came back again, before delivering a shoulder to his chest, sending him to the mat.

"Wow, look at the ferocity of Dynamite tonight Cole, she obviously means business" Lawler said.

She began stomping on his chest and abdomen, before he caught her foot and pushed her over. She fell into the ropes and out of the ring, getting onto her hands and knees and shaking her head to clear the cobwebs. Vickie Guerrero however, came over and attempted to bad mouth her but Dynamite ignored her in favor of getting up and getting back into the ring. Once she was back in the ring, Dolph wasted no time in dominating her.

"Dynamite being dominated by Ziggler at this point..." Cole began.

At this point, the crowd were cheering 'Let’s go Dynamite!' as the diva was being dominated.

"I dunno Cole, Dynamite's a very talented competitor in the ring, but you have to wonder, if the change up of the last Roster draft has shaken her up" Lawler said.

A few blows later, Dynamite blocked another blow to the head and punched Ziggler in the gut, before delivering uppercuts to him and a clothesline, before delivering elbow drops to his chest and shoulders. Then she ran around the ring, and stopped spinning slowly to face Ziggler who was just getting up and did her Ka-Kaboom taunt...

"We all know what time it is now Cole, it's KA-KABOOM time" Lawler said.

Dynamite pulled Ziggler's head down onto her shoulder and then followed it quickly with a swinging neckbreaker. She then covered him for the pin...of which, the referee counted to three for Dynamite to win. Passion's Killing Floor played again and the crowd cheered louder than ever at the fact that Dynamite had won the match. The referee held Dynamite's arm up in victory.

"Here is your winner...Dynamite!" The ring announcer said.

Dynamite got onto the turnbuckle and did her Ka-Kaboom taunt, before flipping off of the ropes and getting out of the ring, tapping the hands of her fans as she went up the ramp.

When she got backstage, Kofi Kingston, a great friend of Kayla's came up to her and pulled her into a hug.

"Well done out there Kay" he said.

Kayla smiled and hugged him back.

"Thanks Kofi. I actually enjoyed that, it was a challenge" she said.

Kofi chuckled and then walked past her to go get ready for his own match. Kayla sighed and went to walk to the divas locker room, but was stopped when a large toned chest entered her vision. Giving a smile, she looked up to see Glenn Jacobs AKA Kane stood there.

"Hey Glenn" she said.

Glenn smiled and pulled the shorter woman into a hug.

"Hey Kay; I heard that one of the divas has been drafted to Raw, but never in my wildest dreams would I have thought that it would've been you" he said.

Kayla smiled and hugged the large man back; it was rather odd, considering they had a tag match that night.

"Well, I thought I was gonna be stuck on Smackdown with that lot, but I'm happy to be home with my friends" she stated.

Glenn smiled again and nodded, tapping her shoulder as he walked off, but then Kayla stopped him.

"Are you fighting Kofi tonight?" She asked.

Glenn turned around and nodded. Kayla smiled.

"Go easy on him huh? I'd like to actually go out for a drink with my two best friends tonight" she said.

Glenn chuckled and nodded.

"You'll get to go out with us Kay" he said.

Kayla smiled and nodded, before walking off. Glenn stared after her and then shook his head, getting into the persona of Kane before he went and fought Kofi.

WWE

Later that night, Kane was fighting Kofi, when Daniel Bryan came out. Watching from out back, Kayla saw this and went to go out there as well. Just as DB got up onto the apron to distract Kane, Dynamite came running down the ramp and pulled his legs out from under him, making him smash his face into the apron.

“Look at Dynamite, coming to Kane’s aid Cole” Lawler said.

Then, while Kane and Kofi fought, Dynamite and Daniel Bryan fought outside the ring. It was only when DB used a chair on Dynamite that both Kane and Kofi looked over. Both then looked at each other and shrugged, before getting out of the ring, while Kane sorted DB out, Kofi made sure that Kayla was alright.

“Dynamite looks out of it Cole” Lawler said.

Dynamite then got up and as Kane went for the choke slam on DB, Dynamite speared the shorter man and began to beat the crap out of him again.

“The look of shock on Kane’s face is unreal King” Cole said.

Kane was indeed shocked at what Kayla had done, but then he looked back to Kofi. They both got back into the ring and began to fight again, but were once again distracted by Kayla doing the Choke Slam on Daniel Bryan. Both men shrugged and Kane did the Choke Slam on Kofi, pinning him for the win.

“Here is your winner, Kane!” The ring announcer said.

The crowd cheered, especially when Dynamite got into the ring as well and lifted Kane’s arm as good as she could, considering the height difference. Kayla then smiled as Kane tilted his head at her. Everyone knew that Kane, Kofi and Kayla had a good friendship, Kane and Kayla especially, because of Dynamite’s tendency to become like Kane. After Kane and Kayla exited the ring, the medical officials came out and helped Kofi from the ring.

Backstage, Kayla went to walk off after helping Kane, but said man caught her arm. Both realising that the cameras were still on them, had to still be in character.

“Thank…you” Kane said.

Dynamite smiled and tapped Kane’s hand, the same had that was around her arm right now.

“Anytime Kane; just remember…not everyone thinks you’re a monster” she said.

She then walked off, after getting him to let her go.

WWE

A week later, Kayla found out that she and Kane were in a storyline where Kane was 'interested' in Dynamite and Dynamite was playing hard to get and teased Kane a lot.

Getting to the arena, Kayla smiled at her fans and signed a few autographs. It was then that Glenn came out of his car and the crowd went wild to see both Kane and Dynamite. It was rare that Kane and Dynamite were seen together before a show, and this was heaven.

After signing some autographs of his own, Glenn followed Kayla into the arena and smiled at her.

"You read the storyline?" She asked him.

Glenn nodded and as Kayla went to walk off, he stopped her.

"Are you alright about it?" He asked.

Kayla nodded.

"I am if you are" she replied.

Glenn nodded, he didn't want to tell her, but he was more than happy with it, especially after his marriage to his wife went sour. Kayla nodded too.

"So you got nothing to worry about, just don't go too far and we'll be alright" she smiled, tapping his shoulder.

WWE

That night, Kayla was getting her ass handed to her by Randy Orton, and the arena went red as 'Slow Chemical' by finger eleven played and pyrotechnics flashed and Kane walked down the ramp and stood at the side of the ring.

"Kane providing a welcome distraction for Dynamite to recover" Cole said.

Orton was caught off guard and Kayla was able to place her hands on Orton’s shoulders, jump so that her knees were either side of his spinal column and used her weight to her advantage, letting Gravity do its work, falling back and cracking Orton's back over her knees. This winded him enough to go for the pin, however, Orton kicked out and Dynamite groaned, before getting up and doing stomps and elbow drops on the viper, before stopping, running around the ring and slowly turning as she stopped, in front of Kane none the less.

"Oh we all know what time it is now Cole" Lawler said.

Michael Cole nodded as Dynamite crossed her arms over her thighs and slammed them down twice, before throwing them in the air.

"We sure do King, it's Ka-Kaboom time" he said.

As Orton got up, Kane watched as Dynamite brought the vipers head down onto her shoulder and then do a swinging neckbreaker on him for the Ka-Kaboom. Dynamite then pinned Orton and got the three counts, winning the match.

"Here is your winner...Dynamite!" The announcer called.

The crowd went wild and Kayla got up onto the turnbuckle, doing her Ka-Kaboom taunt. Kane got into the ring as Dynamite flipped off the ropes. She turned around and saw Kane stood right there; she gave a little swallow and then a smile. Without smiling, Kane took her hand and raised it, making the crowd scream again. Dynamite gave another smile, before Kane dropped her arm, giving her the chance to jump at Kane, wrapping her legs around his waist and hugging him.

Kane however, was shocked by this; no one had ever done this to him, the hugging and the fact that she was straddling him, confusing and shocking him. She then let him go and he let her go, before she pressed a kiss to his cheek and walked out of the ring, leaving Kane to stare after her.

WWE

A week later; Dynamite was fighting with Curt Hawkins in the ring, when said man stopped fighting her and pulled her into a kiss instead. She struggled against him, hitting his chest and trying to push him away, but he pushed her into the turnbuckle, kissing her harder. Dynamite continued to struggle and Hawkins continued to kiss her until the arena went red and ‘Slow Chemical’ by Finger Eleven came on. Hawkins pulled away from Dynamite and looked towards the ramp for any sign of Kane; but then the lights came up and Hawkins smiled, turning back to Dynamite, only to find her gone. He turned around to see Kane holding her behind him and his face was one of complete anger. Hawkins, wisely stepped back and got out of the ring, Kane watching him the entire way up the ramp, before he looked back to Dynamite, who ran up to him and grabbed his face, slamming her lips to his. Surprised, Kane didn’t react for a few seconds, but then he began to kiss back, making the crowd cheer.

Dynamite then let him go and thanked him, before walking out of the ring. Kane followed a few minutes later with Glenn praying to god that no one noticed his hard-on. Getting backstage, he quickly tried to hurry to his locker room, but was stopped by none other than the cause of the erection in his pants.

“Hey, you alright, I wasn’t too rough was I?” She asked.

Moving so that he could subtly readjust himself, Glenn shook his head.

“No, it was fine” he replied.

Noting the strain in his voice, Dynamite tilted her head to the side for a minute.

“Are you alright?” She asked.

Glenn nodded, before clearing his throat and turning to walk off. Dynamite watched after him as he walked off, smirking a little. She had most definitely noticed the large bulge in his tight pants. Shaking her head, she walked back to her locker room to dry herself off, before going to make up to get her make up reapplied.

WWE

Over the next few weeks, Dynamite kept teasing Kane and both Glenn and Kane were getting aroused because of it. Sometimes, the arousal so bad, that it hurt to even move, especially in those tight pants of his. Giving a huge sigh, Glenn prepared for another night of teasing; however, what he didn’t know was that Hawkins had put something in his water; something that would make him bursting to use the loo during the match, the same match that he was tagging up with Dynamite in.

Groaning, he drank the rest of his water and got ready to go out and face the cause of his many sleepless nights. It was on this show, that he would kiss Dynamite to within an inch of her life and carry her backstage to…presumably have his wicked way with her. Sighing, he got up and fixed his glove and elbow pads, before walking out of his locker room and going to the guerrilla, where he saw Dynamite already there.

“You ready for this?” She asked.

He nodded, feeling himself grow hard already. He tried to think of something different, the last thing he wanted was for the crowd to see that he had a hard-on. He heard Dynamite’s music play and watched as she jumped out of the guerrilla and land with red fireworks coming out of the stage.

“The following match is a tag-team match scheduled for one-fall; introducing first, from Kenya East Africa…Dynamite!” The announcer said.

Kane watched on the monitor as Kayla did her taunts and then flipped off the turnbuckle and then her music died down. He took a deep breath as his music came on and he walked out, the crowd oddly cheering for him.

“And her partner, weighing in at 323 pounds…Kane!” The announcer said.

Kane got into the ring and stood in the middle of it, while he did his pyro thing and when the lights came up, he noticed that Dynamite was sat on the top turnbuckle of their corner. Just seeing her up there made him want to take her right then and there, but he mentally shook his head, getting rid of that thought before an embarrassing situation popped up. They stood/sat and waited as first Jack Swagger and then Dolph Ziggler with Vickie Guerrero came into the ring. Dynamite chuckled as she knew that she could beat Dolph easily, Swagger however, would be a problem.

Dolph and Dynamite were the two that started off, getting into a grapple, one that Dynamite took control of quickly.

WWE

A little ways into the match, Kane began to get antsy as the solution that had been dissolved in his water began to take effect. He tried to ignore it, as he couldn’t just leave the match because he had to take a leak. Dynamite tagged him in and he was glad to have something to take his mind off of the weak burning in his lower abdomen. Swagger however, wasn’t helping matters by continually punching him in the gut, making him need to go even more. He groaned as Swagger did it again and fell to his knees, desperately hoping he could hold himself until the end of the match.

He tagged Dynamite back in and stood on the apron, trying to resist the urge to move from foot to foot as he got more and more desperate to take a leak. Dynamite did her Ka-Kaboom on both Swagger and Ziggler, before pinning Ziggler for the win.

“Here are your winners…Kane and…Dynamite!” The ring announcer said.

Kane was almost overjoyed to hear that as he was still resisting the urge to move from foot to foot. However; his relief was short lived when Vince McMahon came out and set up a match between Kane and Hawkins. Kane groaned and put his head down, shaking it; he couldn’t fight in the condition he was in; he’d end up making the ring all slippery and wet. Dynamite noticed this and walked over to him.

“Are you alright?” She whispered.

He looked down at her and shook his head, leaning forward to whisper it in her ear. Dynamite nodded and looked to Vince, before looking back to Kane.

“You can’t fight in that state” she said.

He nodded and sighed, a hand going to his lower abdomen, rubbing it slightly. Dynamite sighed and got out of the ring as Hawkins got in and the bell rang. The two began to fight, with Hawkins taking control instantly because of the condition that Kane was in.

WWE

Eventually, Kane won the match, but his bladder was literally screaming at him to empty it. He was sat in the middle of the ring, his hands doubled over his crotch as his hard penis screamed at his brain to give it the release that it craved. As Hawkins got out of the ring, Dynamite quickly got in and rushed over to Kane kneeling beside him.

"Are you alright Kane?" She asked.

The Big Red Machine shook his head as a spurt of urine escaped him into his red and black pants, making him double over in both pain and embarrassment. He inhaled deeply as another wave of pain went through him, making another spurt of urine leak into his pants. He was now sweating both with the exertion of having to hold it through his match with Hawkins and from the exertion of having to hold it now.

"Okay, we need to get you to a bathroom right now" Dynamite said.

Kane nodded and shakily got up to his feet, standing on wobbly legs and taking baby steps out of the ring, carefully walking down the steps and taking small steps up the ramp. He'd had to take his hands away from his crotch and was finding it hard to walk up the ramp, especially since, every step he took, a little spurt of urine leaked out of him.

Looking back at him, Dynamite could see the tears that he was refusing to shed and she felt horrible for him. This must have been so embarrassing for him, a man who prided himself in being the unbeatable Big Red Monster, was suffering an extreme desperation in front of a crowd of over ten thousand people and many people watching at home as well.

Another step and another spurt left him, this was so painful and he had to resist the urge to just give up and go right where he stood.

'A few more steps' he thought 'A few more steps and I'll be backstage and I'll be alright'

His bladder though, was having none of it. With a voilent convulsion a longer spurt of urine shot out of him and landed in his pants. Kane grunted in pain and his hands instantly went to his crotch to stem any farther flow from escaping him. He looked up to see Dynamite coming back to him and groaned in pure embarrassment; he loved this woman, and here she was, witnessing one of the most vulnerable moments in his life.

"Come on, lets get you behind the guerrilla and we can sort you out" she said.

Kane nodded and straightened up, focussing on getting backstage and getting to a bathroom so he could relieve the intense...no...extreme pressure in his bladder and hopefully alleviate the discomfort in his pants from his ever growing pee erection. Finally he made it backstage and yet another violent convulsion, sent another long spurt of urine into his pants.

'I'm not gonna make it' he thought.

He tried to continue walking, with Dynamite by the side of him to help him walk. Other superstars were watching the scene in front of them as Kane was desperately trying to hold on until he got to the room, some laughed at the predicament he was in, some whispered to others about it and some pointed and giggled at him. By now the pain was so bad, he was almost whimpering with every step he took.

'Almost there, I can hold it until I get there...I can do this' he thought.

Another violent convulsion and an even longer spurt of urine landed in his pants. Then Dynamite stopped and Kane looked up to see Curt Hawkins stood there. The man smirked at him, walked up to him and poked Kane in the abdomen, making The Big Red Machine grunt in an effort to keep himself from springing a leak.

"What's the matter Kane? Does the monster gotta go potty?" He asked.

Kane looked down at hearing that word...monster...that was the only word he heard around here...monster. Perhaps they were right, perhaps he was a monster. More tears sprang to his eyes, but he blinked them back, refusing to show them any kind of weakness than what he already was. Dynamite pushed Hawkins out of the way and led Kane towards her locker room, as it was closer.

The next violent convulsion almost had Kane on his knees as it sent a super long spurt of urine into his pants and a wave of pain through his body. He groaned loudly and clutched at his groin, he wasn't going to be able to make it to the toilet, he knew that for sure.

"Come on Kane, just a few more steps and we'll be in my locker room" Dynamite said.

The Big Red Machine nodded and began to walk again, taking slower steps this time as not to jolt his full-to-the-brim bladder. They had just got to the locker room, when Vince McMahon came up to them.

"You're both going to do a promo...it starts in five minutes" he said.

Kane looked up to Dynamite, who looked at Vince.

"He can't" was all she said.

Vince looked at Dynamite and then back at Kane, before raising an eyebrow.

"You're going to have to. You either do this promo, or you're both fired" he stated.

He then walked off, leaving Kane stood there, desperately clutching at his groin and pushing his thighs together. Dynamite shook her head and pulled Kane into the room, taking him to the bathroom that was there. Kane eagerly walked into it, not bothering to close the door as he struggled to get his pants below his hardened manhood. Once they were below it though, he carefully manoeuvred himself so that his flow would go into the toilet bowl and contracted his muscles, forcing his urine out of him. With a sigh of relief, he felt himself releasing all the tension in his bladder...that is until there was a knock on the door.

"Your promo starts in three minutes" the techie said.

He cussed and stopped himself, it was hard to do so, but he didn't want to lose his job over missing a promo because he was taking a leak. Putting himself away and walking over to Dynamite he looked at her and gave a silent 'thank you' to her, before walking out. He could walk better now, but the fact that he'd stopped, mid flow was not good. He was still desperate, just not as desperate as he had been.

WWE

Half an hour passed and Kane once again found himself overly desperate to use the can. He groaned and tried to hurry towards Dynamite's locker room, as it was closest but was stopped by a number of people. He closed his eyes as his bladder twinged, silently hoping that something like what happened before wouldn't happen again. Dynamite came up behind him and noticed that yet again he was desperate to go. She looked to the person stood in front of Kane and gave them the 'Kane' glare, which sent them running.

"Come on, lets get you to my locker room" she said.

Kane nodded and began to walk as fast as he could, but that only seemed to make his need worse. Especially when he heard water hitting the floor and saw...yet again...Curt Hawkins stood there, tipping water onto the floor in front of himself. Kane groaned, his need was becoming extremely urgent again and from the sound of the water hitting the concrete, a spurt of urine shot out into Kane's now dry pants. He looked down in embarrassment, his bladder wasn't doing what it did earler, that spurt had been a rather long spurt. He tried to ignore the sound of the water and began to walk again, until Curt came up to him and punched him in the stomach.

Falling to his knees, The Big Red Machine clutched at his groin groaning as an even longer spurt of urine short out of him. He knew for sure, with Curt around, he wasn't going to make it to the bathroom before he had an accident. Vaguely, he could hear Dynamite shouting at Curt as he focussed on not leaking into his pants. He managed to get himself under control and got up when Dynamite helped him.

They walked to Dynamite's locker room and Kane took baby steps towards the bathroom, because of the blow he'd just recieved, urine was leaking down his legs and into his boots which made it uncomfortable. He smiled slightly at the sight of the pristine white bathroom in front of him, picking up the pace a little. He got into the bathroom and groaned as he saw that the toilet was...blocked. He called for Dynamite who cursed under her breath and went to work trying to unblock the toilet, making splashing sounds as she did. Kane tried to hold himself, but the splashing was becoming too much for him to bear. Without warning, his bladder convulsed violently, sending three more long spurts into his pants, before his bladder gave up the fight entirely.

Sinking to his knees and clutching his groin, Kane felt his urine flowing out of him at great speed, making a faint hissing sound as it literally gushed out of him, leaking through his pants and onto the linoleum floor beneath him. His head bowed as tears dripped out of his eyes; he had been so close, yet so far from getting the release that he'd needed voluntarily and now, he was peeing himself, in front of the woman he loved. Feeling a hand on his shoulder, Kane looked to the side to see Dynamite knelt there beside him, one hand on his shoulder and the other rubbing his back.

He leaned over and put his head on her shoulder, sobbing loudly in embarrassment as his urine continued to stream out of him, out of his pants and onto the floor. He didn't hear the faint pitter patter of other liquids hitting the floor as Dynamite too wet herself beside him.

*003*2012-06-30 18:45

{{: 

That was fun hunny :D If you'd mentioned AJ having an accident I may have just lost it (in a good way ;) ) I hope you write more! x

}}

I have a The Bill Omorashi story if you want to read it :) But I will be writing more WWE Kane or maybe Kofi Omorashi soon.

