Twilight omorashi Fanfic

Author: lydneyla0699

*000*2014-11-18 01:05

Twilight Omorashi Fanfic

((Jacob P.O.V))

Trapped…

Trapped in a room with that a nauseating bloodsucker..

How did I get myself into this? Bella.

I’ll spare the whole story, and skip to the point. I’m in a closed with a small bulletproof widow and a tight sealed metal door in the center. The room is lit by ceiling lamps, and there is no escape; not until morning when the security guards walk in and reopen this room, leaving me about 12 hours until that happens. Given the amount of security cameras everywhere, Edward can’t just smash his way out.

Where is Bella? Probably at home, blaming herself.

For once I agree with her choice of finger-pointing.

What could possibly be worse than being in a room with Edward for 12 hours? Him talking on the phone with the rest of the bloodsuckers and Bella, acting as if it’s my fault.

After he hung up, he went sat at the opposite corner of this small room, as far from me as possible. Not that it was too far, this room was about the size of mine.

“I don’t blame you Jacob” Edward said calmly.

I frowned “Could you knock off the mind reading?” I snarled

He shrugged “Not really, force of habit.”

I rolled my eyes, and laid on the cold floor. My eyelids began to shutter, and I went to sleep.

* * *

((Edward P.O.V))

Jacob kept tossing and turning in his sleep, I wanted to look inside his head and read his thoughts, but he had instructed me not too.

Either way, it didn’t take a genius to find out what was wrong. He began squirming slightly in his sleep, every couple of minutes. Soon, the movement began to repeat themselves more frequently.

I couldn’t believe that thought never crossed my mind, Jacob might be a werewolf, but he was still human…..Great

I was stuck in a room with a wolf for hours, and if that wasn’t bad enough, now I was stuck in a room with him while he needed to pee. I just hoped he didn’t wake up soon, since he knew I could read his mind, this situation was about to get even more awkward.

I just hoped he could hold it until tomorrow, but I seriously doubted it. All through the day he didn’t stop for one restroom break while we were protecting Bella. I couldn’t really blame him for that, since then we couldn’t afford to lose time, but now I couldn’t help but feel aggravated.

Of course, we didn’t know we would end up in this situation, but even now he seemed pretty desperate, and there was still 11 more hours to go.

I could hardly remember what it was like to feel the need; it had been such a long time ago since I’d been human, tho the more Jacob squirmed, the more I remembered.

* * *

((Jacob P.O.V))

I was in my room, on my bed, unable to move. I could see and hear everything around me, but worst of all, I could feel .

I was dying to pee, but my body wouldn’t move, and I couldn’t stand. The bathroom was right next door, and I felt like I was about to burst. I wanted so bad to relief myself, but knew I couldn’t…

I awoke with the sound of thunder outside, as rain began splatter against the small window.

It took me a while to realize where I was. Soon, the entire previous event began to flutter back into memory, as I caught Edward staring at me intently from the corner. As my eyes began to adjust, I felt the feeling from the dream return as a felt a stinging feeling in my bladder.

I shuddered and crossed my legs tightly, hoping Edward didn’t catch the move.

“How long was I asleep?” I asked him, blushing as I felt another wave of desperation hit me.

“Not long, about one hour” he said, looking away.

Only one hour?!?

That meant I still had 11 hours left before I could get to a rest room! There was no way I could hold it that long!

Still, I couldn’t let Edward know that.

I squirmed as the sound of rain outside invaded my ears.

“Are you ok Jacob?” Edward asked knowingly.

My face went crimson. Too late, he already knew.

“Fine” I replied coldly.

“Are you going to make it?” he asked, sympathy in his voice.

“W-what are you talking ab-bout?” I snarled

Edward didn’t answer, and just eyed me worriedly.

Stop staring at me! I screamed inside my head.

Just to prove my point that he was invading my privacy by reading my thoughts, he looked away.

And stay out of my head..

2 hours later…

This was hell on earth; I’ve never had to go so bad in my life!

I wanted to grab myself soooo bad, but I knew Edward would notice. Hell, why did it matter? He could read my thought anyway and new that I was on the verge of exploding!

I felt my hand edge closer to the area, but then pulled back. There was no way I would do something so embarrassing in front of the bloodsucker…

Another part of me was screaming internally, wanting to relieve some of the pain, begging me to do it.

As another wave of desperation hit, stronger than the ones before, I doubled over in pain, gasping, and clutching on for dear life.

I felt my knees swinging madly in attempt for my body to regain control, and not relieve itself all over the floor.

“Jacob?” Edward called, concerned.

Please no, God no, not in front of him!

I felt my toes curl tightly, and my teeth clench.

“H-how long?” I croaked

“We still have nine hours left…” Edward responded, concern mixed with disgust in his voice.

“Jacob…” He called again.

“What? “ I hissed between clenched teeth.

“Um…are you…going to make it?” he asked, hoping he wouldn’t be stuck in a room with urine stench.

I felt tears of shame burn into my eyes, knowing I wouldn’t last long.

“Of course I am!” I hissed, panic in my voice giving me away.

###

So yeah....english is not my first language, and Im' not sure if i should continued this one...What do you guys think?

*003*2014-12-09 01:34

Glad you guys liked it, i wasnt sure if i would continue, but i will now XD

*007*2014-12-22 01:58

I'm sooo sorry, i promise i'll continue, ill probably post the nxt part tomorrow. if i dont then i can assure ill post it sometime this week . <3

*008*2014-12-27 05:34

A/N: sorry it took so long :(. hope you guys had a good christmas :) (or whatever you celebrate ) <3

Hope it doesn't suck too much :/.

Reminder: english isn't my first language, so yeah...sorry about the grammar & stuff :(

Thankyou for reading, let me know what you think pleassee :)

###

PART 2 :

(Edward P.O.V)

I grabbed my phone and began to dial Carlisle’s number. We now only had 8 hours left.

I could hear Jacob rubbing his thighs together frantically, as well as his desperate thoughts.

I’m not gonna make it. I’m not gonna make it. Please not in front of Edward!

I wanted to say something to ease his worry, but I for once was at loss at what to do in this situation. Jacob had always acted so tough, even in his own thoughts. I had never experienced this side of him before.

“Hello?” I heard Carlisle’s voice on the other side of the phone. “Edward is everything okay?”

“H-hello Carlisle” I said, receiving a panicked look from Jacob. “Is there any way you could get us out of here sooner?” I asked, hoping the embarrassment was not obvious in my tone.

“Edward, it’s too risky to get you out now.” Carlisle stated, as if talking to an impatient 5 year old “We might be able to after a couple hours of meddling with the security system but…That won’t be anytime soon”

“Carlisle please, there’s got to be-“

“Edward, if this is about you being trapped in there with Jacob, I don’t want to hear a word from you” he stated

“It’s got to do with that bu-“

“Edward just hold off until morning”

Before I could say anything else, Carlisle hung up the phone.

Jacob and I remained in silence for almost an hour, each minute that ticked by, I could feel Jacob’s state become worse.

He had gone from a sitting position to a complete pretzel.

His breaths had become short and harsh. At one point, I pretended not to hear the sound of a small squirt and a whimper as they dampened his underwear.

(Jacob P.O.V)

“aaaaah haaaaaah” I couldn’t help but let out that whimper , trying to hold back the torrent, pounding at the exit of my bladder. I felt a small squirt dampen my underwear, making me clutch harder than ever before. I’d only barely stopped the rest of the golden flow from escaping my throbbing cock. I knew Edward had only pretended not to hear me, just as I’d tried to pretend nothing was wrong in front of him a couple hours back.

I knew for a fact that if I even wanted to break through that wall right now, I wouldn’t make it. The minute I stood up…I would lose the battle

I could still hear the rain slightly pounding on the small window, each drop like a hammer breaking through the now weak barrier that was my bladder.

I slowly and carefully slid a hand away from my cock and on to my jean button.

I could feel my fingers tremble as my hand slid over the button and undid the painful restrain.

As careful as the movement had been, the slight pressure sent a jolt through my whole body, causing me to let out a longer squirt than the time before.

“Gaaaaaaah!” I whimpered as my free hand rushed over to stop the stream.

Eventually I was able to control the flow, but this time the damage was much worse, leaving a visible patch in my jeans.

“Jacob…” Edward whispered worriedly

“I-..I c-cant h-hold it m-much longer!” I cried.

For the first time in a long time, I could feel tears of shame as the spilled down my face. I put my head down in attempt to hide my tears from Edward.

Instead of taking the obvious hint of me wanting to be alone, Edward only came closer.

If I let go in front of him, he’ll never let me live it down.

“Jacob..” Edward looked hurt. “That’s not true; I would never make fun of you for something like this.”

He’s lying, Jacob..don’t fall for it..he’s going to go straight to Bella, and I’ll be the laughing stock of stock of all of La push. ‘The werewolf that wet himself in the presence of a blood suc-

“Jacob, that’s not true, I would never tell anyone, especially not Bella.”

I was about to give him a piece of my mind; to tell him to knock off reading my thoughts, but was quickly cut off by a sudden wave of desperation, mush bigger than the ones before.

It caused such an intense stinging pain; I doubled over as tears streamed more freely down my face than before.

The tears where a mixture of both pain and extreme embarrassment as Edward watched me. There was a look of panic in his eyes, thinking that I’d already lost the battle.

I let out low, painful groan as I struggled for control. I felt a couple squirts escape me, leaving a large, dark patch on my jeans.

A few more tears escaped me, but I soon regained control again.

My whole body shivered in return to my act of defiance to my bladder, leaving me panting from the effort.

“Okay, that’s it” Edward sighed. “We have to get you out of here, now”

“H-how d-do you p-plan on doing-g that, l-leech?” I tried to keep my voice steady, but couldn’t stop it from shaking as my bladder throbbed more painfully each second.

“Brace yourself.” Edward said, making it sound like a warning.

He wrapped his arms my back, and around the back of my legs, carrying me bridal style.

The sudden movement and gravity made me squirm madly in his arms.

“S-stop!” I yelled, clutching harder than ever. “P-put me down!”

I blushed as I fought down a squirt that would have surely stained his white shirt.

“Just hold it for a couple seconds okay?” he said; sympathy for me, and worry for his shirt written on his face.

I wasn’t sure if I could or not, but I nodded anyway, cheeks burning redder than before.

Edward backed up all the way to the other side of the room, getting ready to charge at the door. All the while; I squirmed, whimpered quietly in his arms.

“Alright” He said . “one…two..THREE!” he charged at the door, slamming hard against it, leaving a big dent in the metal wall.

He panted, “almost..” he said , and began to back away again.

The crash had said a jolt into my bladder; causing me to squirm more fiercely in his arms, making his grip tighten, putting even more pressure on my swollen bladder.

“Edward s-sto-“

He slammed into the wall again, this time breaking through into another room.

Unfortunately, the impact had been too much for me to handle.

I let out an invouluntary squeal, which was soon replaced by an orgasmic-like moan as I relived the contents of my bladder onto Edward’s shirt.

I could hear a loud, powerful hissing in my pants as the soaked through me onto Edward. At that moment I should have been completely mortified, but my body had taken complete control of my mind, and could only focus on how good it felt to finally let go.

My whole body shivered in relief, and eventually, even my pants combined with Edward’s shirt were not enough to soak up all the liquid.

Soon a light splatter was heard on the floor, the noise finally waking me from my orgasmic trance.

I looked up at Edwards face. His eyed where wide with shock and embarrassment.

(Edward P.O. V)

As soon as Jacob had groaned, I knew what was about to happened. The warm liquid had come rushing out of him, spreading all over my shirt, and soaking through, wettening my icy skin. I could feel Jacob loosen up in my arms, but could still feel a slight shivering coming from him.

As soon as he heard the splattering noise on the floor he awoke from his trance and looked up at me, utterly mortified.

He continued to pee for 4 more minutes, blushing madly, trying to wriggle free form my grasp.

How much can one person possibly hold?!?

\

As soon as the flow stopped, I stepped out of the giant golden puddle that had formed at my feet, and put Jacob down.

Tears where streaming down his face, he tried to choke some sort of phrase out, but quickly looked away from me and ran the other way.

“Jacob, wait!” I called after him.

(Jacob P.O.V)

That did not just happen. That did not..just..happen.

I ran as far away from him as I could, knowing he would yell at me, mock me, or worse..hate me.

I turned the corner and found a door leading to a bathroom. Frantically, I locked myself in one of the stalls, letting the sobs take over.

There was a vent above me, blowing cold air on my clothes, making me shiver as the wetness grew cold.

I heard the door of the bathroom creak open.

“Jacob?” I heard Jacobs voice, forcing my sobbing to come to a stop. “Jacob, it’s okay, I promise I’m not mad”

“Please unlock the door” Edward pleaded. “You’re going to catch a cold in there”

I slowly unlocked the door, letting him haul me out.

“I’m..sorry” I mumbled, fresh tears spilling out my eyes.

Edward smiled sadly. “You don’t have to apologize” he said “It was my fault. I was so busy worrying about Bella that I forgot about your needs.”

“But..your shirt-“

“Don’t worry about it” he smiled. “I’ll drive you as close to your house as I’m allowed to get, and then come back here to mess with the security cameras. See? This whole thing will be forgotten.

“For now let’s just get you out of those wet clothes” he said, and handed me a security uniform, which he probably picked up in the staff room.

Edward led me to the locker room showers, and once I finished cleaning up and changing, he waited for me outside, already wearing a different shirt.

The ride home was a quiet one; I couldn’t help but blush the whole way.

Edward really had cared about me. I may not ever really be able to call him a friend out loud, but it was as if today, we had made an unspoken agreement.

Once I got to the La push border line, Edward unlocked the door to let me out. I got out of the car and shut the door behind me, but just before I could walk away, Edward rolled down his window.

“Also, Jacob” he called. “I don’t hate you” he smiled

“I smiled back. “I don’t hate you too” I said and headed home.

###

THE END :D (unless you guys feel like giving me ideas for a second part haha <3 )

Hope you guys liked it ;)

*010*2014-12-27 19:01

THANKYOU <3 glad you liked it that much :) . thanks for the feedback :D

*013*2015-03-15 06:38

{{:

Aww poor Jakey! But Edward was so sweet with him. I loved this so much. It was really good! Thanks for writing it! I hope that you write more.

}}

Thankyou!! im so glad you liked it. I'll probably post more twilight omos in the future

{{:

Loved this story, great job!

}}

Thankyou :D

