Good game!

Author: Ashlovesomo

*000*2023-07-29 16:11

Smut warning!!! (If this isn't your thing, skip from "Outside the chaos..." to "Malia approached the.." and skip from "Back in the living room..." to "In the bedroom".)

Malia was in the middle of call of duty wearing nothing but a bra and panties, when suddenly her boyfriend, Luke, walked in with a large glass of water and snacks for her.

"Here you are, babe!" He placed the plate and cup on the desk, the left side of Malia.

"Thank you, baby." She thanked him, her eyes glued to the screen.

Luke smirked as he walked away. After he left the room, he perched a chair against the door handle, locking his beloved in her room. He liked to watch Malia desperate whilst she was gaming and never really got to see the results, so he took matters into his own hands with a locked door and a large glass of water. After his sneaky endeavours, he opened up his security app on his phone and watched his beautiful girlfriend from the camera he had placed in their room.

Minutes went by and Malia had drank almost every drop of her water in one go, making her bladder fill up as quickly as it could go. She began to fidget in her chair with subtle hip wiggles and thigh squeezes, her pussy pulsating in between them. Her face winced under the pressure of her bladder, the concentration she had on her game started directing to her full bladder. With much difficulty, Malia propped her legs onto the seat with her, pressing her right heel against her piss hole until the wave of desperation subsided. She eventually went back to her subtle hip wiggles, her legs fanning in and out slowly.

Soon enough, her desperation had grown to an urgent level, making her subtle movements over the top. Malia bucked her hips up in 3 second intervals, her gameplay becoming much more adequate than before so she could place a single hand in her crotch for a tight squeeze. After every squeeze, Malia swapped hands so she could use her keyboard and mouse, although her technique became useless as her pussy's squeezes had to be a permanent option.

"Oohh fuck I'm gonna need to pause real quick." With a mash of a button, Malia directed her hands to her crotch, holding onto her pulsating vulva with much force. She could almost feel the piss slowly sloshing around and crashing against her urethra, the pressure sent shivers down her spine. With her head pushed against her seat and her ass sat down, she began fanning her legs in and out with much higher speeds, her hands still doing most of the work.

Outside of the chaos was Luke watching Malia's bladder trouble from the living room, one hand on his large, wet member. He moaned quietly as his hand slid up and down his shaft, sending quiet, pleasurable feelings to his stomach. Watching his beautiful girlfriend squirming and bouncing in her gaming chair was all he wanted to see, but he could never tell her what he thought about it. More quiet groans and moans left Luke's mouth as he watched Malia get out of her seat and pace around the room with both hands in her crotch.

Malia approached the bedroom door, releasing one hand from her tight pussy grasp to try the door handle, but to no avail. She tried again and again before hitting the door in anger and walking back to the middle of her room, whimpering and moaning under her breath. She looked around her room for any solutions but nothing popped out at her, sending a nervous shiver down her spine. With no shame in the world, Malia bounced around like a crazy person, her hands still gripping her vulva with the tightest squeeze imaginable.

"Fuck, this hurts, oh my god." Malia whisper-screamed to herself, twisting her legs into a pretzel with her hands squeezed between them. She lowered her body down before snapping back up into a panicked pace around her room. With no hesitation, a singular squirt of piss streamed into Malia's panties, making her panic even more. She jogged on the spot, moaning loudly and cussing aloud.

Back in the living room was Luke, almost at his orgasm. He couldn't help but almost feel bad for his girlfriend as she was in pain, pacing around their room with tears brimming her eyes and whimpers leaving her mouth, but his pleasure took over his entire body and thoughts. Luke's dick throbbed under his rapid hand, a smile spreading across his face as he felt an inevitable orgasm creep up on him. His hand slid up and down his soaked member with speed, twitches and throbs every second. With a few more pumps of his cock, Luke let go, swinging his head back in pleasure. His cum squirted in thick sheets of white, falling and dripping on his juicy dick. Luke giggled to himself quietly as he relaxed into the sofa, breathing slower and slower as he calmed himself down. Eventually, with his clothes back on, he slowly walked back to the bedroom, removing the chair from the door and knocking on it.

"Babe! Sorry, I was meaning to fix the...jam...uh are you okay?" Luke chuckled, but nothing was heard from the other side of the door.

In the bedroom, Malia was sat in her gaming chair, sweating and convulsing as she tightly gripped her pussy to stop her uncontrollable leaks. She could only whimper and moan, her head pressed against the headrest of her chair. As Luke entered the room, he gasped, shocked at what condition he had left Malia in.

"Oh baby, I'm so sorry! Let me help yo-"

"N-no. I'm just...g-gonna go." Malia whimpered, disappointed with herself as she realised she could only wee on the floor. After she bounced her bum up and down on the chair to temporarily hold back her piss, she scrambled to pull her panties to one side, peeing before she could. Luke watched her golden stream jet out of her shiny pussy, her body twitches calming down. Malia's contorted face relaxed as she heard the loud hissing of her desperate stream pitter patter on the carpet beneath her.

"I'll go get the carpet cleaner." Luke chuckled, leaving Malia with her thoughts and unfinished stream.

A lot of fun in the bedroom and a well deserved shower was had afterwards 😉

