A Need Delayed Too Long

Author: Pain

*000*2015-03-07 13:56

Duke squirmed in his seat as the bell rang. He folded his lips in together as he saw the teacher walk out of the class.

He crossed his legs under the desk and took a rather controlled breath. Duke really had to use the toilets but that wasn’t possible, at least not now.

Another teacher entered the room and everybody stood up to greet her . Duke although didn’t want to follow the suit, had to force himself to stand up with a bladder dangerously full. The strain he felt when he stood up made him wince in agony.

It was a 40 minute long lesson and although he was almost at the limit of his capacity, Duke knew he could hold it till the end if tried hard enough.

Wiggling on his seat, he was finding it really hard to concentrate on what was being taught and that was rather unusual for him.

Being one of the brightest students of the class , Duke had always been the favorite of his teachers. He loved all his subjects, but Physics was what really got him going.

Duke had always been the one to solve problems before anyone else in the class could. His colleagues had always been in awe of his ability to answer questions that weren’t even taught in the class before. He was a genius.

Even Duke’s parents were incredibly happy with his performance at school and it would make their chests swell with pride when someone would refer to their son’s academic achievements.

In his twelfth grade now, Duke saw a wide spectrum of career possibilities before him but there was one path he found himself stuck at. He wanted to be a Quantum Physicist and he knew he had what it takes to become one.

Although he was one of the more handsome guys at school, he had never been with a girl. He always found himself too drowned in his books to take time out for someone else. But it was not like he regretted it, he found it really boring to talk to people anyway. He liked keeping to himself, maybe that was a facet of his introvert personality.

23 minutes more to go, Duke’s bladder was so swollen and full that he wasn’t even able to sit still. He thanked himself that unlike sitting at the first bench like most toppers, he occupied the last one in the row.

He looked around, everyone was busy listening to what the teacher was blabbering about .Even he wanted to listen, it was Physics after all ,but he wasn’t even able to think straight needing to pee so much let alone solve algorithms.

Duke rested his left hand on his bulging ,throbbing bladder as he took down notes from the other, cursing the school authorities under his breathe, after all it was because of them that he wasn’t getting a chance to pee.

His school had a rather strict policy regarding toilets- they were kept locked most of the time and were only unlocked in the morning before the lectures had started and then again after the school ended.

Duke always made sure he used the loos at both the opportunities but today he hadn’t got a chance to relieve himself before the lectures began. He had missed his bus this morning and his dad had dropped him off to school. By the time he got here the toilets were already locked.

Duke crossed his legs tighter , his face showed his agony. He shot a look at his wrist watch again, 11 minutes more.

He was going out of his mind needing to pee so much. He had been feeling slight twinges his bladder from the time he left home this morning and urge and had increased so much since then.

He grabbed his crotch tight, there was no point in waiting anymore, he absolutely had to use the toilets now.

“Are you alright?” his bench mate asked ,watching Duke’s bent forward posture and his hand between his legs.

“Y-Yes I just really have to go to the bathroom, I will be back in a minute…” he replied as he stood up from his seat.

On his trembling legs ,he somehow walked up to the teacher .

“M-Miss, may I go to the toilet…? he asked, rubbing his thigh together.

“No I can’t let you go in between the lectures…there are only 5 minutes left…can’t you even wait that long? Go back to your seat..” she replied, as she continued scribbling on the board.

That was a rather harsh reply from someone who adored Duke for his academic prowess. Miss Patricia was his favorite and he knew she liked him too but why was she acting so tough to him?

“P-Please mam…its very urgent…” Duke couldn’t help his voice from shaking. He slightly bobbed on his crossed knees , his exhausted body begging for a positive response.

“I said NO Duke…” she turned around to look at him with glaring eyes, he was disturbing her class and she wasn’t liking it one bit.

He felt embarrassed to have been refused to use the toilets in front of the whole class. He wished she would’ve understood of his pressing need.

With his face bent down he took small painful steps back to his seat not even daring to look his classmates in the eye.

“5 more minutes Duke…don’t worry…it’s gonna be fine …you can hold it for 5 more minutes..” he told himself. It was not too long but when you are bursting for the toilets even 5 minutes seem like eternity.

He stopped taking notes and focused his entire energy in keeping his pee in. He grabbed his crotch in desperation and waited for the lecture to get over.

When the bell finally rang Duke’s face brightened with hope. He was gonna make it! He hurriedly stuffed his note book in his bag , two strapped it on his back and sped out of the class not even bothering to wait for the teacher to make her exit first. He wasn’t in the position to wait for anyone, he seriously had to pee.

This was for the first time that Duke hadn’t been able to understand a thing during the Physics lecture. For the entire class, all what he could think about was how much he had to urinate.

Taking small baby steps across the hallway filled with a sea of students making their way out of the classes , Duke was stealing himself from grabbing his crotch. Each step sent waves of agony across his swollen bladder. Oh there was so much pressure, he couldn’t wait to let it all out.

When he finally reached the toilets at the end of the corridor , his heart sank to see that they were still locked. The peon hadn’t opened them yet. He came so close to loosing control at that very moment but somehow controlled himself.

His bus would have left in a few minutes and Duke was standing in front of the boy’s toilet squirming and wincing in pain.

He was not in a position to take a 70 minute long ride back home while holding a precariously full bladder.

“Why hadn’t they opened the loos yet?” he thought in frustration as he shoved his hands in his crotch. He was about to cry but held back his tears somehow. At least there weren’t any other students to watch him dance in agony.

He looked at his wrist watch , it was 4 :16. His bus was to leave in 4 minutes , he had to think of something before it was too late.

Duke was literally shaking with the effort to hold his pee. He had never held it this long before , he had to pee so much.

He knew it was time and that he had to board his bus or else he was gonna miss it ,again.

Duke was sure he won’t be able to make it home without having an accident but there was no other option. He rested a hand on his bloated bladder and made his way to the bus.

He was so sure he’d get to pee after the class ended but here he was, about to take a long ride back home while nursing a bladder that had reached its absolute limit.

On the bus, Duke carefully chose a front seat and sat down. This would have helped him make a quicker exit when his stop arrived .

He crossed his legs and looked out of the window, trying to take his mind off his severe need. His body was vibrating as he fought an intense battle against his bladder.

Had he been home , he would have used the loos hours ago. If he’d have been on a road trip with his parents, he’d have asked his dad to stop the car right away so he could take a pee by the roadside. He had never been so desperate in his entire life.

He took out his mobile phone from his bag and plugged the earphones to it. He thought if he’d listen to some music maybe it would help him take his mind off his pressing need.

30 minutes into the ride, Duke couldn’t stop fidgeting on his seat. The music wasn’t helping at all. He was really worried now, he didn’t want to wet himself in front of his school mates.

He took deeper breathes, trying to calm himself down but it wasn’t helping. Duke was panicking, he was so close.

He opened his belt and pulled the waist band of his trousers away from his bladder. This was all he could do to ease the bursting pressure and pain in his bladder.

The guy sitting next him noticed what he was doing but chose to ignore.

Duke’s body continued to shake as he tried to hold on to his pee. Just then he felt a quick spurt of urine escape into his underwear. He covered his mouth to avoid himself from squealing . He grabbed his crotch with the other hand to maintain control, not bothering about the guy sitting next to him. To his luck there was no visible wet patch on his pants, atleast not yet.

He desperately looked out of the window to see how far he was from home .By his calculations ,he knew it would take him roughly around 10 more minutes to get there.

10 minutes was too much for him , but he had hold it. He had thought he would wet himself in the bus but he had somehow managed to cover a major portion of the journey without letting anything out ,except a leak.

Duke knew he could do it, he just could not let himself loose control after coming so far.

As the bus pulled over at his stop, Duke quickly stood up from his seat to climb out, sending waves of urine crashing against the walls of his bladder.

He was now just a two minute walk away from the toilets at his home.

He stepped out of the bus , grabbed his crotch with all his might and walked with rigid steps.

He crossed the road without caring about the heavy traffic , he didn’t have much time left time in his hands.

Making it to the lobby of his apartment building, Duke prepared himself to climb the stairs to reach his place on the third floor.

Duke had always been the one to enthusiastically climb the stairs ,sighting that it was good for their health , when his father would complain about not having an elevator in their building. But today he wished there was an elevator to take him home quicker so he could get to pee as soon as possible.

He held the wall for support as he climbed the stairs with staggering steps. The strain it caused his bladder was unbearable but he willed himself to hold on. Duke was so was glad that he was going to make it.

He was so sure that he would wet himself in the bus but he was able to suppress his need, he had won.

He made it to his floor somehow, his pee right on the edge of shooting out uncontrollably. He didn’t dare remove his hand from his crotch, even the slightest relaxation at this point would have caused him to loose control.

Duke pressed the doorbell, expecting his mom to open the door. It was then that he recalled that the door bell was broken.

He quickly slid a hand into his pocket and retrieved his phone to dial his mom’s number.

“Pick up…pick up… mom …where are you?!” he breathed, gulping a lump in his throat as he continued to slightly bounce on his bent knees. Kathy didn’t pick up.He tried again.

His face frowned as another call went by unanswered. He was so close to the toilets and the relief he so desperately wanted but his mom wasn’t opening the door!

Duke banged the door in desperation, leaning on to it , he had to pee so much. “Mom! Please open the door!” he wailed.

In one last ditch effort he called her again, hoping she would reply and this time, she did.

“Hey honey where are you? “ she asked.

“Mom! Open the door quick! Please! I have to go to the bathroom!” Duke cried out , his hand shaking as he held the phone to his ear.

Kathy was shaken when she heard this. In one quick motion she hung up the call , threw her phone on the bed and ran to open the door.

Her son wanted to go the bathroom so badly and it was because of her that he was still standing out. She cursed herself for not being more attentive . She knew the door bell was broken , she shouldn’t have kept her phone on silent.

She paced across the hall ,reaching the door and unlocking it the instant she got there, to find Duke standing out ,withering in desperation.

She noticed the big wet patch on his crotch. He had been involuntarily letting out small spurts of pee into his underwear while he was waiting for her to unlock the door.

Her eyes widened, “I am so sorry honey…” she sighed as Duke rushed past her.

He didn’t have any time to listen to his mother ,he had to pee, RIGHT NOW!

Duke hobbled across the hall ,grabbing his crotch. He could see the toilets, he was just a few feet away!

But the pressure in his bladder had grown too much by then and his deliriously tired body completely gave out.

He froze as a hot torrent of urine started soaking his pants and running down his trembling legs. Duke tried to stop the flow but his body refused to obey.

He was having an accident.

“Oh no….” Kathy sighed as she saw a puddle beneath her son’s feet.

As he heard these words from his mother, tears rolled down Duke’s eyes.

Kathy knew it was her fault. She knew Duke could have made it to the toilets if she would’ve opened the door even seconds earlier. She felt so guilty, she almost felt like hitting herself.

Duke broke into gasping sobs as pee continued to rush out of him.

He felt so embarrassed to feel so much urine coming out of him, while he stood in front of his mother.

He had fought such a rigorous battle against his need and lost.

Kathy covered her mouth in horror as she saw Duke’s puddle expand at an astounding rate.

She didn’t want to think about how long he must have been holding it to have an accident so big.

After almost three minutes , his stream of pee finally slowed down. He had soaked every inch of his pants below his crotch.

Humiliated at his accident, Duke ran and locked himself inside his room, leaving wet foot prints behind.

He removed his wet pants to find that his underwear was completely drenched. His tucked in shirt had also absorbed a considerable amount of his urine, he felt so ashamed of himself.

He went for a shower , but even all that water wasn’t enough to wash off his disgust. He cried as water poured down his face.

Kathy was shocked at the enormous pool of pee that Duke had left on the floor. She couldn’t believe that her son was holding so much.

She broke down on the couch behind her, shocked at what she had just witnessed. But she gathered herself quickly , she knew she had to talk to him.

It took her a while to clean the floor before she knocked on Duke’s door.

“Honey.. can I come in?” Kathy said.

Duke opened the door and climbed back on his bed. Kathy noticed that he had changed his clothes.

“Are you okay sweetie?” she asked in light tone, holding his knee.

“Ya…” he answered looking down to his lap.

“I am sorry honey. I know it was my fault…” she said.

“It’s okay.. “ he responded , his voice still heavy.

Kathy looked at his dull face and asked rather cautiously, “Aren’t you using the loos at school honey?”

She knew this was a delicate question, but Duke’s massive accident was really making her worried.

“I do whenever I get a chance, but today I couldn’t..” he replied. He broke down in tears as he spoke, there was no confidence left in him.

All he wanted to do was hide at some place where no one could find him. He didn’t want to face anyone, not even his mom.

“Calm down baby…just breath….” she said, rubbing Duke’s back, “Do you wanna have lunch? I made your favorite…” she smiled, trying to cheer him up.

“No…” he answered, tears still rolling down his cheeks. He just couldn’t stop crying.

Kathy made sure she sat by his side till he felt any better.

She left when he stopped sobbing , she somehow knew he had to sleep.

Later that night when Peter came back home from the office, Kathy took him to the kitchen.

The frowned look on his wife’s face made him anxious,”What’s the matter is everything okay?” he asked.

“Duke wet himself today after he came back from school…” Kathy said “…he was standing out calling on my cell phone and I didn’t see it , he had to pee so badly…he kept calling and by the time I noticed and opened the door , it was too late . He had a huge accident all over the floor…it’s all my fault” she said looking away.

Peter was relieved to know nothing drastic had happened in his absence. He held Kathy by her shoulder and said, “It wasn’t your fault honey…it’s okay.”

“There was so much urine, I didn’t want to see him like that…” she said, she felt so disturbed.

“It’s okay darling… where is he? Is he sleeping?” Peter asked.

“Yes maybe, he hasn’t come out since then…” she replied.

Duke heard a knock on his door, “May I come in?” Peter asked as he opened it slightly.

Duke knew what his father had come to talk about.

“Hey champ! Wanna go, catch a movie?” he asked. He didn’t refer to anything what Kathy had told him about, he didn’t want to make the young guy feel any more embarrassed.

“No dad I’m fine..”

Although Duke initially refused, he eventually gave into his father’s repeated mocking and the three of them went to watch a movie that night.

During their entire outing, Duke couldn’t help but think of the accident he had earlier that day. He felt so shaken from within but he knew he had to move on.

It took him a while to forget about the incident but it only strengthened him as an individual.

From then on he made sure not to drink too much water at school. There were certain instances where he felt desperate to pee but was able to make to a toilet before the matters took a turn for the worse.

And as far as dreams are concerned, he did become a Quantum Physicist.

*001*2015-03-08 05:42

Well this was my first time writing a male desperation story and I am willing to admit that it was an enjoyable experience.

It was a huge change for me, since I was never the one to like male desperation. But something changed my mind.

I wrote this story more specifically for the female audience here, since I’ve always heard them complain about the lack of male fiction on this forum. I hope I was able to contribute even if it was a little.

There is a chance that I may continue if I get a few positive reviews for this one, because it is still an unchartered territory for me and I usually start thinking that my work sucks when I don’t get any feedback on it.

Nevertheless, thank you guys for reading my stories! You are the best!

*004*2015-03-09 09:39

Thanks guys for reading and commenting! I'm so glad you liked it!

*008*2015-03-15 05:30

Well, I'm glad you all liked it! Thank you for those kind words! :)

