Coffee Clash

Author: pdeferred

*000*2012-10-18 16:47

NBb: This contains both male and female desperation and wetting.

***

"Cats *are* truly furry creatures, aren't they?"

I was trying to be polite, but couldn't help brushing vigorously at a particularly hirsute corner of the sofa as I took a seat.

"Oh! That's where Algernon takes his naps." She gave a half-hearted swipe at the hairs, embarrassed.

"Algernon?"

"I think Alger Hiss is his full name. It's Becca's cat."

To be fair, the rest of the apartment was spotless, and Algernon was nowhere in evidence. Anyone who names their pet after a McCarthy era political figure can't be all that bad. Or so I thought.

She - Jessica - was lovely. I knew her, barely, from work, and was certainly surprised to see her hanging out at the coffee shop downstairs from my apartment on a Sunday afternoon. More surprised when as the coffee shop closed, she invited me up to meet her roommate and "hang out." It turns out they had just moved in a couple floors above me. I wasn't quite sure what hanging out might entail, but it did seem like it had potential.

I'd been watching her all afternoon, wondering how a girl could suck down that much coffee and not make one trip to the restroom. Yet, there she was, typing away on her laptop, occasionally texting, and steadfastly not relieving what I imagined must have been a bursting bladder. I'd been doing the exact same thing all afternoon, minus the texting bit, and I had to pee pretty badly by closing time.

Her roommate, like the cat, was nowhere in evidence, though the light was on behind what I assumed was the toilet door in the hallway. If their apartment was anything like mine, there's was hardly anyplace else she could have been hiding.

"Becca must be in the toilet." There was a hint of annoyance in her voice.

"Well, not permanently, I hope?" And I did hope. I was at the cusp of asking for it when we made it in the door, delayed only by a sense of propriety.

"Yeah - I hope. Coffee?"

"Um... sure."

It's not like we hadn't been drinking coffee all afternoon. She went to the kitchen to warm up one of those pod espresso machines and find some small cups. I found myself admiring her backside, a shapely and compact bottom in a short patterned skirt and deep purple tights.

I also wondered if she'd show any signed of wanting to pee. I'd not seen her go in the shop, after all. No reason to visit the public and rather grotty restrooms when your own was right upstairs, I suppose. Unless it was inconveniently occupied by your roommate. I had been holding out until I got home myself, and to go badly at this point - bad enough to grab between my legs when I thought Jessica wasn't looking. The last minute detour with Jessica wasn't something I'd planned on, and I really hoped I'd get a chance to ask for the toilet soon.

The way she moved as she washed the cups, gingerly, weight slightly off her right leg, pointed to her needing to go. Badly. Which would make sense. It had been a long afternoon. But she had still invited me up with her, and had made no direct mention of it.

Finally, she brought the coffee and we settled on the couch, she just a little closer than I would have thought, our thighs almost touching. I could feel her shifting around, trying to get comfortable, and the faint scent of ... maybe jasmine? I tried not to squirm too much.

"I do wish Becca would get out of there!" She sounded like she was invested.

"Why's that? Does she normally take long?" I was being a little cheeky, hoping to prompt more of a confession. Also hoping the opportunity would come up to suavely mention my own desires in that area.

"I think you'll find there's very little *normal* about Becca." There was something just a little exasperated in her voice. I took it to be another sign of restroom denial until the door clicked and Becca walked out.

"Oh?"

"Really?"

Becca. Becca was tall and lithe and stunning. Short cropped black hair, wearing dark tights, a lace skirt that was more like a band around her waist, and a deep purple camisole. And she was tattooed. The ink ran up her neck, across her back and like sleeves all down the length of her arms to end at just the point on her wrists where a long shirt might have covered it. Maybe. All pastels and fairies and hummingbirds and kitties - some of the most feminine work I've ever seen.

The headband with cat ears sticking off of it seemed not out of place, given the rest of the package. I immediately pegged her as a little odd ... but also very, very sexy.

"Guys? I think we've got a little problem here." She didn't seem too shocked about finding some random guy sitting on the couch with her roommate. The fact that I could basically see everything through the thin tights and camisole either didn't occur to her, or maybe it didn't matter. It's not like she had any reason to be shy about her body, tattoos and all.

"What. Problem?" Jessica sounded pissed now. Which would make sense.

"Umm... maybe I should ..." I was beginning to think that maybe, just maybe, despite the allure of the half-naked and the full-bladdered, I didn't want to end up in the middle of a co-worker's domestic dispute at this point in my career.

I was also getting more than a little antsy for the toilet. It's one thing to spend a nice evening with a cute co-worker, maybe they're desperate to pee, maybe there's signs that more could come of it later. It's another thing to be in the middle of what was becoming a very weird argument between roommates. It's yet a third thing to wet yourself sitting on some near-stranger's couch at the same time. And the third option was becoming more and more likely as each minute passed.

"You. Stay. Put." Well, okay, then. I gave myself a little squeeze and stayed.

"Now. What. Problem?" It was hard to tell if Jessica was pissed because this sort of thing was a common occurrance, or if she just really wanted to use the toilet, but I was beginning to intuit that it was a combination of the two rapidly reaching the boiling point.

"Well, I was just trying to give Algernon a bath 'cause he gets hair everywhere, but he wasn't having any of it and I tried to stop him and he just jumped and a bunch of stuff got knocked in and I tried to flush it out and it wouldn't flush so I flushed it again and it *overflowed* and now I don't know what to do and I really need to pee." Becca gave a little curtsey and wiggled her bottom, which would have been really cute in other circumstances.

As it was, I was becoming distracted. Great. Everybody has to pee. Bad.

"The Fuck? *You* have to pee? Do you have *any* idea how bad *I* have to pee?" There was the confession I was looking for, but at the point it was exactly what I was thinking.

Her voice broke as she said it, and she went on under her breath. "Lord knows I don't ask much - I bring a nice boy back home, all I ask is just a little privacy, just a little. And a little sanity. It's not too much to ask for a sane roommate is it? And a chance to pee without a God Damned Disaster cropping up? Every. Single. Time. It's always something. It's not like I can hold this forever - a girl's gotta go *somewhere*. Do I deserve this? I think not. I put up with a lot. I pay my dues. At least enough to deserve a chance to relieve my bladder without this sort of fucking lunacy."

The choice was getting harder. Bail and risk missing out on not one, but *two* desperate girls possibly wetting themselves, or stay and risk making it a third wetting? Decisions... The girls seemed at an impasse.

"Look. We *all* have to pee." Somebody needed to take charge. "You - Becca - get some towels and clean this water up. Jess - call the management and have them send up a plumber. I'm going to try to get this thing unclogged."

"Oh - I'm so sorry about this - you don't have to..."

"Look. What else are you two going to do?" I didn't mention my own issues.

Jessica thought about 2 seconds before her bladder must have prompted her. "Okay. Okay. I'm getting on the phone."

The toilet, like everything else, was basically clean, but water reached to the rim and I could see a toothbrush, a face sponge, and a few other unidentifiable things jammed into the hole. Becca returned with some towels and got on all fours, mopping the floor. I couldn't resist staring at her bottom, the contours of which were perfectly outlined in tight spandex. Maybe she really *did* need to pee as bad as the two of us, the way she was wiggling it around as she pushed towels across the floor.

Jessica, meanwhile, had chosen to stand. She was pacing back and forth on hold, and doing a vigorous pee dance, complete with furtive grabs between her legs. I could have watched it all day, especially the way she guiltily tried to be still when she saw me looking her way. She shot me a look - apologetic and desperate at the same time - so sexy.

Bending down to examine the clog closer didn't help my own situation - I had to emulate Becca's bottom waving briefly. I don't know if it was the fact that I was actually *in* the room, *with* the toilet, or just the extra pressure on my bladder from bending over, but I really needed to pee badly. Despite the distractions, I did manage to reach gingerly in there and pull at the clog, grabbing it by the toothbrush. It was jammed pretty tight.

I looked up at Jessica, whose patience was already worn thin. She made a valiant effort to straighten up and stop dancing - "*Still* on hold. Any luck?"

I gave the toothbrush a firm tug, and the whole mass shifted - I heard a trickle of water. Another tug, and I held a strange agglomeration of bathroom artifacts in my hand - the toothbrush, the sponge, and half-used tube of toothpaste and what looked for all the world like some balled up nylons, all tied together in a Gordian knot of dental floss. The water drained quickly from the bowl, with a satisfactory gurgle, reminding me that I was desperate to rid myself of some water as well. Soon. Real soon.

What had I done? The chivalrous thing, to be sure. But I had been enjoying Jessica and Becca's desperation ... and now that would be over. I was sure they'd be relieved, to say the least. I looked up, hoping to catch them in some sort of last ditch bladder control effort. They were staring at each other, and then the conglomeration of bathroom cruft still in my hand.

"You..." Jessica was aghast.

"Out! Out! I need to peeee!" Becca had one hand between her legs and was pushing me toward the door with the rest of her body. Not that I minded that part.

"We *all* need to pee." But I still moved.

"Becca - you get out here too." Jessica was suddenly commanding.

"But... Yes, miss." She followed me out, shutting the door behind her.

Jessica's eyes widened. "You didn't?"

I followed Jessica's gaze to the doorknob, which Becca was now twisting at frantically. Locked. And it wasn't just a regular bathroom lock - someone had fit the bathroom with an entry lock - this was going to take more than a screwdriver to undo.

"Do you have the key?" I was starting to panic a little - I'd been putting it off for long enough that I knew I was going to lose it soon. I definitely had to squeeze myself ever few seconds to keep my jeans dry, and I could see that Jessica was rapidly nearing the end as well, no longer able to pause her gyrations when she caught my eye.

"There *is* no key!" Jessica rifled through a kitchen drawer and produced a screwdriver, kneeling before the door and trying desperately to work the bolt back. She paused, grabbing vigorously between her legs, and then carried on for another few moments before springing to her feet, hands jammed into her crotch, dancing in place.

"I just can't .... oh shit!" I knew what had happened before she said it - concentrating on the lock picking had been too much for her, and all that afternoon coffee came pouring out between her hands, soaking swaths of fabric bunched between her legs and running in little deep purple rivulets over down to her feet before pooling on the floor. Dark yellow.

The scene was burned into my mind: The hissing. Jessica turning away, hiding her face. The insistent tap of Becca's feet. Jessica's breaths coming hard and fast as she turned beet red. Pee pouring from beneath her bottom. It was glorious, and ever so sexy.

But at the time, I had other concerns. Another spasm hit, I had to grab at myself openly this time, rubbing vigorously until the urge subsided a bit. Not that Jessica was exactly looking. She still had the screwdriver in her hand. The way - the only way - I wasn't going to end up wet too. I grabbed it from her - damp and slippery now.

I knelt in front of the door, desperately wrenching at the bolt. It was difficult because every time I spent real effort on the lock, I'd almost lose control and have to stop and clamp down. Two seconds lock picking, eight seconds trying to stop wetting myself.

Becca came up behind me, close - I could feel her breasts on my back as she leaned in, face right beside mine, examining the lock. She was whispering, rubbing herself openly now, obviously as close to losing it as I.

"Is it working?"

"You're not helping."

"It's not working, is it?"

"Jesus."

"It's got to work - I'm gonna pee myself!"

"You're *really* not helping."

It was a spasm, just like any other, but it was the end. No amount of rubbing or pinching or holding phased it ... it just built and built until I felt the hot pee surge out into my underwear. Wave after wave - uncontrollable. I willed it to stop there - maybe a little patch would not be obvious - but it was no use.

Becca saw it and momentarily stopped her gyrations to stare. Jessica, who'd been standing there defeated in her wet clothes staring already, stared harder. And the pee welled to the surface of my jeans and ran in streams down my legs and over my butt, still crouched in front of that damned lock. It came in waves of relief. And it felt so good to finally let it out ... staring girls be damned.

I leaned against the door. Solid as hell. Who puts a real lock on the bathroom, anyway?

Becca was still frantic, dancing about and pushing on the door when she could concentrate long enough to do it.

Jessica and I, now relieved of immediate concerns but soaking wet, took stock of the situation. My take was that while Becca was still stunningly desperate, Jessica was looking disheveled and lovely and vulnerable in her soaked skirt and tights, the fabric clinging tantalizingly close to her thighs. For her part, Jessica was glancing between my legs, where wet denim had brought a growing bulge into sharp relief. We were strangely, after the initial embarrassment, calm.

Our reverie was interrupted by a rising whine from Becca, and there was no doubt in our minds that she was experiencing the uncontrollable series of urges we'd just succumbed to. She was moving frantically now, still trying to stop it, then inspired to find somewhere to contain the flood waters. What she found was a wastebasket, and she stuck her tight little butt out over it just as pee uncontrollably ballooned out the thin fabric of her tights and began to rain from between her legs like a shower head.

The wastebasket was one of those modern mesh ones that don't work so well, but it did have a plastic liner, and I could see the level of pee rise several inches, taking a few pieces of paper with it. She was impressively full, breathing hard, and somehow absorbed in her own little world - less embarrassed perhaps after seeing us both do the same moments earlier.

I became self-conscious about my staring and turned to see Jessica staring at Becca just as intently as I had been. Becca finally finished, looked up at Jessica ... and smiled, giving a little shrug of her shoulders.

I wasn't quite sure what would happen next. Here we were, a locked bathroom, a floor dangerously puddled with coffee pee, two girls and a guy all with soaked clothes. At least two of us visibly turned on. Tensions were still a little high, to be sure.

"Well, this is a mess" I ventured, mostly just to break the silence.

"Yeah." Jessica took a look around. "I'm going to clean this up, and then we're going change, and then I'm going to call the lock smith."

"Want some help?" It was a long shot, admittedly, but I was still very aroused by the whole thing, and very much wanted some time alone with Jessica and her wet clothes.

"I think, perhaps, you'd better... I'll see you at work tomorrow?"

"Yeah." Fair enough. I moved to leave.

"I mean ... at least the toilets there don't lock. Most of them." She winked and let me out.

And there I was, standing in the hall in wet jeans, socks squishing inside my shoes. Suddenly aware that this is not the way you want your neighbors to remember you at the next holiday party. It's a quiet building, but I was concerned enough that I took the stairs. Quickly. Slippery when wet.

What had just happened? I wasn't sure at all, on reflection. But I knew I'd be replaying each moment of that night over in my head for some time to come. And I'd be sure to see Jessica at work the next day. She seemed more turned on than embarrassed in the end.

And I thought our building didn't allow pets?

***

Jessica pulled out the key and unlocked the toilet door.

"I guess you won this one."

"I know. I'm da bladder queen!"

"What were you doing up here all that time anyway?"

"Secret stuff. But I didn't cheat. I was drinking coffee every time you texted."

"Next time you might want to make the clog a little bit more effective."

"It's not as easy as it looks. Especially when you have to pee that bad."

"That was some fast thinking with the door."

"Hah! Becca saves the day once more!"

"Well - we had better get showered."

"D'ya think he's going to tell anyone?"

"Like who? Besides - you saw how turned on he was!"

"And I guess there are always the videos."

"Yes - yes there are."

*009*2012-11-19 02:35

Thanks, everyone, for all the positive feedback; it really helps encourage me to work on more stories.

There is always another one in the works ... but it takes just the right combination of inspiration and perspiration to get it out the door...

So stay tuned. :)

