Anything to Confess? - Page 5

*100*2021-08-27 18:43

{{10 minutes ago, ola93 said:

I just had to reread this from the beginning and read a fair few new chapters after being unable to follow them for a while and I can totally agree that this story is unfolding amazing. Please keep up the good work.

}}

So glad you are enjoying it. I was worried it might be going on too long but I am just loving writing it.

&&

&&

&&

*103*2021-08-28 07:11

Chapter 42:

Liam

I’m sure the fountain is to blame. The noise and watching water springing up and splashing into its own large puddle again is making me need a piss. I change position, crossing my legs the other way over and letting my thoughts drift to how I got here, anything other than my full bladder.

I think about my life back in England, the control Lauren and her parents had over me, the bruises and scratches she gave me frequently, her threats if I so much as told anyone, the aggressive sex we had. How at first I was flattered that someone so wealthy and powerful, so apparently caring, was interested in me. Looking back I can see now how gullible I was , how needy I was for someone to want me after my mum left, how vulnerable I really was. I was more of a pet to her than a partner, more a useful perk than permanent feature. 

She thought nothing of using me when it suited her, flying abroad and leaving me without even a key to her house (‘oh did I forget? So sorry dear’) even when she knew my personal belongings were in there. She’d force me to beg her parents to let me into her house, finding the whole thing hilarious. Yet SHE had to know where I was going whenever I went out and when I would be back. She took possessive to a whole new level even though when I was there I was just a toy to pay with and dispose of at her leisure.

Her parents were even worse! When her dad heard the frozen food factory I worked at was closing down he immediately offered me a job in his warehouse. Thinking this was a kind gesture of course I took it, only to find out I had been duped and for years his employees would bully me, force me into dangerous situations, mess up and blame me, steal money from my wallet in the break room and then say I was setting them up and even accuse me of having an affair with one of Aaron Bennett’s secretaries! Lauren told me I was losing my mind and making it up and when her mum who did the books ‘forgot’ to pay me she made such a song and dance about ‘helping me out.’ My life was utter crap but I refused to admit it, terrified of losing my job, my ‘girlfriend’ and my chance of independence.

The final straw was realising Lauren had spiked my drink one night (again) and after more intense sex she announced we were getting married because her dad had done some foreign deal with the business and she wanted his wealth spent on her. If I disagreed…tough. After all her dad was my boss, her mum did the accounts (and fiddled them), and other than Aunt Ella’s house I had nowhere else to live. When I still complained she then produced a pregnancy test claiming she was pregnant (a trick she’d done more than once knowing I would never abandon my child after what my mum did to me) and shouted at me that I was no better than my own fucking dad and if she had been my mum she’d have left me long before I got to 14. 

I finally agreed to marry her and she forced me to empty what little savings I had in my bank account to order her a diamond engagement ring online. She promised her parents would give me a wage rise but we both knew that was a lie. When she finally fell asleep my insomnia was the only thing that spared me. I packed a bag quietly, found her car keys, let myself out and jumped in her Porsche and drove for miles. Then I called Gareth on my mobile and told him I fancied moving somewhere new. That’s when he jokingly suggested Northern Ireland and sitting in a random car park in Liverpool I googled flats to rent and how to get to Ireland and that’s how I ended up here.

As for the stuff Lauren has reported missing…well I very foolishly, in my anger, found everything I could of value that was in the car and tossed it overboard when I left Liverpool on the ferry for Belfast. The only thing I kept was the cash from her glove compartment which paid for the ferry, my taxi to Bangor from Belfast and the deposit on my flat.

I knew it would take Lauren days to admit to her parents what I had done, if she even figured it out herself that was. She would never think I was capable of any of it and probably assumed the car was nicked and I was just back at my aunt’s house. I reckon it was only when I never went in to work that she gradually put it all together, hence the WhatsApp threat, the social media status, and now the police.

And now here I am chasing after some Irish girl who I am obsessed with, sitting waiting to speak to someone to ask for a food bank referral so I can eat until I get my first wage packet. I’m in a flat I can’t afford to pay the rent on and I have some foreign guy who can’t speak English staying some nights because I need money so desperately. Worst of all I am sat outside watching a fountain splashing right in front of me reminding me that my own bladder is extremely full and I’m dying for a piss.

Liam Jude. The ultimate lost cause if every there was one. Patron saint of desperate situations…that’s me…in more ways than one.

*104*2021-08-28 11:38

Chapter 43:

Megan

I rush past the fountain, walking behind it towards the high street in the direction of home as my mind tries thinking through all the shops and places I will be passing trying to think if any will have a ladies I can use. Most of them are smaller shops now with so many empty units as well sadly. I should have asked the receptionist on my way out but I was too embarrassed to stand there curtseying and bobbing up and down in front of her.

Even waiting for the green man to cross the road is stressful as I move from foot to foot and press my thighs together. I know the high street and all the side streets like the back of my hand having lived here all my life. I know for a fact that the Heart Foundation charity shop doesn’t have a loo for customers, neither does the newsagent or the florist or the barbers. There’s a few cafes nearer the other end closer towards the retail park, the large indoor shopping centre and, of course, the supermarkets, but they are all off route from where I need to walk to get home.

Then I remember the dentist above the furniture store. I remember taking the boys for their check ups and seeing a toilet in the waiting room. I can’t risk waiting until I get home especially as the boys will now be home and possibly Theresa too and sometimes our Aisling has been popping in to see mam too. After my terrible accident yesterday I can’t risk the bathroom not being free. Besides I still have almost a mile to walk yet and I’m really really bursting!

I buzz the dentist and make some excuse about wanting to make an appointment. Just saying that I need to jig about in public because I need to pee so badly. They buzz me up and climbing the stairs I press a hand on my upper thigh and bend forward. Those two coffees earlier were not a good idea at all! I gather myself together and push the door to the dentist open and head to the reception. I can see the toilet but don’t feel I can just race there without at least going to reception first. The girl is busy on her computer so I stand at the desk wriggling and twisting my body thinking if she doesn’t come over in a minute I will have to use the toilet urgently anyway. She finally turns around and looks at me expectantly.

I bend forward and get as close as I can hoping no-one in the waiting room can hear me. I can’t keep my legs still as one leg bends at the knee behind me, then the other, and I am bent forwards leaning on the counter trying my utmost to hold my bladder just a little longer. As quietly as possible I beseech the receptionist to take pity on me.

“Hi, I was just passing and I’m in a bit of a difficult situation. I’m not due to see the dentist today or anything but would it be ok if I used your toilet quickly. It’s a bit of an emergency sorry.”

She must see the desperation in my eyes and body as she lets me go thankfully and I almost cry with relief. As I finally relax I have no doubt I’d never have made it home in time but it reminds me that I really need to deal with the wet stuff under Yasmin’s cot urgently.

I thank the girl at reception before leaving and walking the rest of the way home, my mind whirling with everything that has happened since I left home this morning: Anthony’s class in chapel, sneaking out in a panic, finding Liam outside, taking him to the cafe, all that happened during that encounter, and finally all the information Mr McGintley told me.

Coming in the front door at home the house is even busier than normal. Dad is in from work, the boys are in the living room watching CBBC, Yasmin is in her jumperoo as usual and mam is in the kitchen with Theresa, Aisling, and I can hear Harrison’s voice too. I say hi then suddenly think that with everyone downstairs now would be the ideal opportunity to get the stuff from under Yasmin’s cot.

I climb the stairs, my heart pounding and adrenaline soaring. I get down on the floor in mam and dad’s room and stretch my hand under the cot to reach the stuff.

I can’t feel it.

I lay flat down and stare under.

It’s gone: My wet knickers, my peed in tights and the cot mattress protector I soaked. All of it gone!

*106*2021-08-29 08:05

Chapter 44:

Liam

I am waddling in self pity tapping my leg up and down wishing I knew where the toilets were in the council building. Despite having spent two full days here on a training course I am still none the wiser where any toilets are as Shaun never did show me. Remembering how much I had to piss the two days I was last here reminds me just how badly I have to go now. I’m going to have to swallow my pride and ask at reception as checking my watch I notice it’s time I head in to face the reality of my current situation and hope I qualify for help. Maybe I should have asked Gareth to help me but I don’t want him to think of me as a loser. Aunt Ella has already done more than enough for me and it’s not fair to continue to be a burden to her in my early thirties.

I stand up and head into the building with my head down. I really want to squeeze myself but I can’t disgrace myself in public. I go in via the automatic doors and see reception straight ahead. I take a deep breathe to stay calm and then I notice the older lady on the desk is on the phone. I stand back and wait, squeezing my muscles as much as possible and trying not to look like a man about to wet himself. She covers the phone receiver with her hand and asks quietly who I am here to see. I didn’t get a name but I look around to make sure no-one is there then quietly say that I am here to see someone about a referral to the food bank. She smiles politely and uses her fingers to show its floor 3. I am just about to ask her if there’s a gents I could use when she takes her hand back off the receiver and resumes her phone call. Blast! I hope to God there’s loos on the third floor!

I follow the signs to the lift and I am so glad I am alone when the doors close. They haven’t even closed fully when my hands grab my crotch and I moan to myself. ‘Shit. I really really need to go!’ Coming out at floor three I face a small waiting area with plastic seats and I sit down. The reception booth is empty and there’s no-one around so I look everywhere for a toilet, but seeing none I clench hard and sit with one hand pushing down on my dick. My leg is shaking and my back sweating. Why did I sit outside so long instead of finding a gents somewhere?

An older man dressed smartly in suit trousers and a v neck jumper comes to the waiting room and calls my name. I stand up anxiously and follow him along a short corridor to a room. He sits behind a desk with a computer and papers and a glass of water. I sit opposite, unable to sit still, wriggling my bottom on the seat with one hand resting on the top of my thigh.

“So how can I help you Mr Jude?”

I’m stressed, anxious, nervous, and bloody bursting for a wee! I take a deep breathe, fidgeting like crazy and blurt out without so much as stopping for air,

“I had to leave England because my ex partner was abusive towards me so I rented a flat here and I have a new job working as a litter picker for the council but it’s not enough hours, I’m living off my credit card, there’s no money in my bank account to pay my bills, I haven’t enough food to eat until payday and I’m absolutely desperate right now to piss!”

My face has gone red and I’m so ashamed of myself right now. I almost shouted that last bit and the man is looking at me over his glasses disapprovingly.

“Well I wasn’t expecting that! Looks like we had better deal with your bladder first before we discuss any financial issues eh?”

I can feel my penis swelling with urine. It’s sitting right at the top of my urethra threatening to burst out any second. I now have both hands cupping my crotch as the man comes out from behind his desk, walks past my chair and out the door of the room without saying a word. I can barely stand up but I just about manage to get off the seat and follow him praying I make it without embarrassing myself even more than I already have.

I usually prefer to piss in the privacy of a stall but seeing the urinals as the older man pushes the gents open is too much! I unzip and pull my dribbling desperate penis out and dash across to the urinals with urine falling on the floor as I run. Standing at the porcelain I finally fully relax as my stream goes in all directions initially before finding its flow and settling into one long steady stream. Two urinals down from me I notice the older man is standing peeing too. I pee for almost a minute then shake and zip up. As I go to the sink I’m amazed to see the other mam is still standing peeing. When he finally comes over to wash his hands as I am drying mine he smiles at me via the mirror.

“You weren’t the only one really needing to go so don’t worry.”

As we walk calmly back to the room I look at the back of the man and have a whole new respect for him even though I’ve only just met him. How could he have had to pee that much and just sat there calmly? When did he last go? God he must have a bladder of steel or something!

*107*2021-08-29 13:37

Chapter 45:

Megan

It’s been two days since I discovered the things I had peed in weren’t where I left them. I’m always on edge when at home waiting for one of the others to confront me or a comment to be made. The only time it hasn’t consumed me was the two hours I spent with Courtney. Besides how lovely and refreshing it was to be with her I also enjoyed enormously the chance to drive again. Other than the day I was allowed the family car to go to the launderette I haven’t driven at all in over six months.

The whole family now seems to be obsessing over Anthony’s first communion. You’d think it would be all about Anthony but every single one of us is expected to dress up, have a role of some sort, and look the part in the photos. Mam loves to take charge of things like this, it’s like she suddenly has a purpose, but the anticlimax after the events is never pretty. By the end of next week she’ll not even bother cooking or cleaning or getting food in.

I have received a letter confirming the fact I am no longer claiming universal credit. I guess I should keep it but there just doesn’t seem anywhere private to put it. The joys of a big family again. I haven’t even made it back to chapel or mass either which is adding to my unsettled feeling. I had to pick up mam’s meds from the pharmacy, go to the supermarket for food, look after Yasmin and do housework. After being out the whole day a few days ago when I met Liam and had that appointment with Mr McGintley mam has been even more off with me. The day after she had ‘one of her headaches’ then yesterday she had ‘urgent things to do’. It’s all to punish me for being out all day and even getting a new job. I can never win with mam, one minute she’s shouting at me for not having a job then she’s shouting at me because I do have a job! I guess that sums up mam’s mental state.

Aisling is still having terrible morning sickness apparently. Mam never stops talking about her and how great a mam she will be and how wonderful she’ll be as a grandma. Oh and I found out yesterday that our Iain and Niamh are coming back for a few days next week to stay so they can be here for Anthony’s ‘big day.’. You’d think it was his wedding the way mam is going on! Quite where we will all sleep I have no idea!

Then, in among all that, from the minute I wake until I go back to sleep, I can’t stop thinking about Liam. It’s not even been a month since our lives first coincided at the launderette, then again in Bloomfield library and outside St.Mary’s chapel just a few days ago. It doesn’t matter how many rosary’s I do, or how much of the Holy Bible I read, I just can’t stop the feelings and emotions that thinking of Liam brings. Even when I try not to think about him something will happen that has him right back in my heart and mind immediately: loading the washing machine takes me right back to the launderette, mopping the kitchen floors to mopping up his accident in the library, washing my hands to seeing him standing at the sink peeing, even having a coffee takes my mind right back to being with him in the coffee shop. But most of all every time I need to pee I find myself holding on and secretly reliving how desperate I was the very first time I met him.

I confess I am not a good Catholic girl because…well there’s been more than one occasion of ‘exploring myself’ with a full bladder going on and it’s becoming a very bad habit now. I can’t even begin to think how I will bring all this up in confession to Father Reilly!

I used to dream of Liam kissing me but the last few days those dreams have gone further, much further, and always in my thoughts they start with us bath being bursting to pee.

It’s just a pity I ruined it by leaving so abruptly in the coffee shop that day. Now I will likely never see him again.

I suppose given my family and faith, that’s for the best really.

*109*2021-08-29 18:30

{{1 hour ago, stinklerus said:

This series is a pure masterpiece of storytelling! I read a new chapter and think I can predict what is going to happen, only to read the next one and find that a little twist has been introduced that changes everything and sets us off in a different direction.

All in all it’s brilliant and the descriptions of the characters when they are desperate is the icing on the cake.

Well done and thank you so much for taking the time to write this. Can’t wait for more!

}}

Thank you. I was going to post an extra chapter as a little bonus but will see if people are ready. I know sometimes finding the time to keep up can be hard and if people get too far behind they might be put off reading again.

I can assure you I am very much enjoying writing it!

*110*2021-08-30 08:17

Chapter 46:

Liam

Flavius turned up again last night. He arrived with a paper bag and large drink from KFC but I had already made myself something for dinner. My cupboards have a few more essentials in since I swallowed my pride and went to the food bank. It was nothing like I expected it to be. I always imagined a sad place full of drug addicts, homeless people and sickly sweet do-gooders looking down their nose at everyone while they handed you crap food that no-one else wanted.

Instead it was well organised, welcoming, and I was served by a young guy who even offered me a choice of things like which soup I preferred , what brand of beans and even what bread I liked! I had went straight from my meeting with the guy at the council and not only was the place still open but there was still a steady stream of other people coming in. It was difficult to know who was needing, who was helping, and who was donating. I left with several big bags of food and a bag of clothes too. I was so glad it wasn’t far to walk to my flat!

I don’t plan on telling Gareth about the food bank, or Aunt Ella for that matter. Aunt Ella has been phoning daily though. A few times I’ve been at work and had to tell her I’m not available but I appreciate her calls such a lot. She’s been so worried about me, bless her, and keeps telling me she’s praying for me. When I asked if she’d heard any more from the police she tells me no. I’m hoping after today she definitely won’t again.

My sleeping has been bloody awful. Whenever I close my eyes I get flashbacks to throwing Lauren’s stuff over the boat, or stealing her car, or ordering that fucking hideous engagement ring with her standing right over me knowing it wound wipe ever last penny I had saved out my bank account.

Aidan mentioned on shift yesterday that I looked ill but I promised him I was fine, even though I know I’m not. When we were picked up at the end of the shift to get dropped back off at HQ I was so relieved. As always I was quite desperate for the loo but then the van driver said Shaun had asked to see us all briefly in his office. There was six of us all standing there nervously, but thankfully it wasn’t anything bad and it was just Shaun offering the chance of some overtime next week around the Bloomfield estate, St Christopher’s school and all around St. Mary’s chapel way.

I probably look like a teacher’s pet but I volunteer immediately as I really need the extra cash. On the way out Aidan comments that it’s first communion season again and that Sean’s family are Catholic. As I dash home for the loo I have this sudden flashback to Megan again and that chain around her neck and her mentioning about Sean being her brother. After I use the toilet I google ‘first communion’ on my phone and find myself going on a rabbit trail and reading about Catholicism, the Pope, mass, saints and finally confession while Flavius has a bath. It only serves to magnify that heavy guilt and fear within me and so I have made a decision: tomorrow I am going to go to the police and tell them everything.

The next morning I’m nervous as heck, breathing deeply like Aunt Ella taught me, as I ring the bell and wait for someone to come to the front desk. I swallow the knot in my throat and take another deep breath as a non uniformed officer looks right at me.

“My name is Liam Jude and I’ve came here to confess something that you need to know about…”

*113*2021-08-30 12:15

Chapter 47:

Megan

Every day my nervousness and jumpiness gets worse. I reckon I can rule out Rory and Anthony finding my wet things. They don’t even go into mam and dad’s room let alone ever think to look under Yasmin’s cot. It goes without saying that Yasmin is in the clear as well as Shaun, Iain, and Niamh who were all living elsewhere. Aisling has been over briefly but with her exhaustion, pregnancy vomiting, and the fact she never does any housework, I am fairly confident it’s not her. That leaves Theresa, mam or dad. My head spins thinking about it and I can’t look any of them in the eye.

The house is now bedlam so I need to try and not consume myself with the fear and guilt. Iain and Niamh are back for Anthony’s first communion and while mam and dad still only need to share their room with Yasmin as always, Rory and Anthony have a camp bed for Iain in their room and Theresa and I have a blow up mattress on the floor in our room for Niamh. As I am already in the bottom bunk even getting into bed now is hard. With seven of the 9 kids home mealtimes have to be staggered too and trying to get a shower or bath is near impossible. My new habit of holding my bladder has came in handy but first thing in the morning even I am really struggling. When dad was shaving this morning there was three of us all waiting to get in and I caught our Iain standing crossed legged in his pyjama shorts clearly struggling as much as I was. All I can say is thank goodness the after party is in the chapel hall tomorrow and not this house!

The morning of the communion is so noisy, chaotic and manic that poor Yasmin keeps crying. Mam has no patience with her either so I find myself sitting holding Yasmin while everyone else is getting ready. I leave getting her dressed up right up until we are just about to go in case she’s sick or needs changed and I try to keep her routine as best I can and make sure she’s eaten. I chose to shower and wash my hair last night anticipating the chaos and fight for the bathroom this morning but after a couple of mugs of tea I do need to get in and at least have a wee before we leave. 

No-one wants to take a clingy grumpy Yasmin though and mam is barking orders for this, that, and the next thing at me non stop. Before I even get to go upstairs to the bathroom we’re all getting jackets on and getting in the car or walking to chapel. I volunteer to walk with Yasmin in her buggy. Mam, dad, Rory, Anthony and Niamh all go in the car and Theresa and Iain walk with me. Aisling and Harrison and Shaun and Lilly are meeting up with us there.

I haven’t seen the chapel so busy in a long time. I fold Yasmin’s buggy and stand it in the corner of the vestibule out of the way. Filing into the pew I suddenly realise I still haven’t managed to use the toilet! With Yasmin in my arms, sitting close to the front in the middle of the pew, and with people filling up rows quickly, I am left without any option other than to wait until the service is over. I cringe inwardly annoyed at myself for not insisting someone just take Yasmin at home so I could have went before I left.

Looking at the rows of smartly dressed boys in suits and girls in their beautiful white dresses I know that it’s not going to be a quick ten minute mass, not by a long way. Yasmin, bless her, isn’t making things any easier for me either. She’s restless and cramped on my knee and her wriggling is pushing against my bladder so much. No matter what I do she isn’t settling at all.

To begin with the standing up and sitting down helps because I am able to move and during the singing of the first hymn I move Yasmin in my arms giving me the chance to tap one knee against the other behind the pew. It’s not helping much though and while I really want to be here and see Anthony take his first communion my bladder is so full it’s making me stressed. I’ve been in this very sanctuary so many times needing the loo but not like this in the middle of a very important event with all my family and trying to keep my baby sister quiet. When we all sit down again and Father Reilly starts his sermon I try to listen as best I can against a background of Yasmin whining and climbing all over me and my own body yelling at me loudly to go to the bathroom.

Father Reilly is preaching from the front in his robes about how today has been a day that many have been preparing for for a long time. A day of significance and importance and a day that will impact the future direction of so many gathered in the room. He continues on talking about events leading up to this day and how God orchestrates things in our lives to get us to certain points of real significance, pivotal moments in our life stories, times when we realise what is of most importance to us and make that brave decision to act on it even when others might not understand. Like always I am taking in every word even with Yasmin getting more and more unsettled and my legs bouncing frantically beneath her.

It’s when the children are brought forward one by one to partake in their first communion that Yasmin really starts crying. I feel like everyone in the chapel is looking at me and no matter what I do I can’t get her to quieten at all. She’s tired, over stimulated, and out of her routine, but I don’t want to miss seeing Anthony have his special moment. I keep thinking one of my siblings will take Yasmin but they don’t. Even mam just growls at me like I am a complete failure because my younger sister, her daughter, is causing such a distraction. 

As another girl is called forward for the special sacrament mam whispers to Niamh, who whispers to her twin Iain, who whispers to me, that I need to take Yasmin out. My face is beetroot red with embarrassment as I stand and shuffle my way out of the pew and into the vestibule. Yasmin is still not at all happy, so filled with embarrassment and upset at missing Anthony’s big moment, I shake the buggy to open it and strap Yasmin in. I step outside using the ramp to get the buggy out and walk up and down the side of the church trying to get Yasmin asleep whilst all the while still holding onto my bursting bladder.

*114*2021-08-30 17:35

As a huge thank you for all the reactions and comments on this so far which have caused me to ‘win the day’ a few times recently jere is a bonus chapter today as a thank you!

Chapter 48:

Liam

Confessing everything to two police officers is mentally exhausting. I’m half expecting them to arrest me and lock me in one of their cells but instead I am offered a drink, which I gratefully take, and one asks questions while the other takes notes. I feel like I am there for hours as I diligently and systematically tell them everything from when I first met Lauren Bennet to how our relationship proceeded, to her parents offering me a job and not paying me properly, to taking the car and throwing the stuff overboard on the ferry.

When one of the officers asks about the physical abuse Lauren subjected me to I raise my t-shirt to show what’s left of the bruises on my back and arms. The questions are intensive and invasive about consent and wether I enjoyed what she was doing and asking if anyone witnessed anything. I want to scream that it all happened when we were supposedly ‘intimate’ and therefore why would anyone else fucking be there, but I remain composed and calm and answer as fully as I am able.

When I tell them I have told them everything there is to confess I am offered another drink while my entire statement is read back to me and I have to sign it in front of them to verify it’s the truth. I’m shaking by this point, wondering wether I will lose my job, be arrested, or even sent back to England. Instead the door of the room is opened and I am free to leave, not just the room but the full police station. I have to leave all my contact details including my address and as I walk home I keep expecting my phone to ring and it to be the police again.

The rest of my day off I spend walking down the sea front to calm down, googling how to make eggy bread (Aunt Ella makes the finest eggy bread there ever is and I miss it immensely), tidying the room Flavius slept in last night in and resting. I had hoped confessing everything to the police would help me sleep but the fear of them phoning any minute actually means I have another terrible night. It’s far from ideal as I’m doing overtime at work the next day because I really need the money. Shaun texted me with the name of the streets I have to cover and times and I notice he’s added ‘including the full grounds of St. Mary’s chapel’ which I have directions to. I’ve to leave all the bags I fill behind the chapel apparently and he’ll arrange for them to be picked up on Monday morning.

I have some cereal and Nescafé coffee for breakfast, thanks to the food bank, fill a bottle of water and pack some food before grabbing my litter picker, bin bags, and my high vis vest and gloves and heading out. I notice a number of houses in the Bloomfield estate have banners up and there’s even balloons on some gates and doors. As I pass the house with the ramp I recall Aidan telling me about how loads of the council workers help that family out so I open their gate and quickly pick up any litter I see. I’m not 100% sure where the chapel is so I use my phone to check. It’s only as I get closer to it and see the open gate, the old graveyard and the huge old chapel building that I have a flashback to sitting on the ground against the side wall of the building and Megan finding me after one of my panic attack.

There’s cars parked everywhere along the street, and the car park is so full some have even double parked . I wonder what attracts so many people to such an old religious place, but whatever it is it seems to have a huge draw in this area. Walking between headstones feels a bit creepy but I carry on picking up whatever litter I can find . The place is eerily quiet except for the sound of a young child quietly crying. I lift my head up from looking at the ground and notice a girl pushing a buggy up and down along the side of the building. She looks stressed and flustered so I slowly get closer, still looking for and picking up litter as I go.

The closer I get the more my mind keeps thinking of Megan. It doesn’t matter how long ago I first met her in that launderette I still can’t stop replaying her squirming and fidgeting and pee dancing in my head. But this girl looks so different from Megan, though possibly around the same age. She has what looks like a knee length dress on with a light pink anorak on top and her hair is tied up neatly. I feel ever so slightly intimidated by her as her slightly heeled shoes click quickly on the slabs as she walks up and down and up and down pushing the buggy. She definitely looks like she doesn’t want disturbed.

I carry on working looking at her out the corner of my eye but then suddenly I see her do something incredible and she has my undivided attention! I walk closer to her because what she is doing has me mesmerised, though I’m not sure she’s aware of me near her.

‘Sorry, hope you don’t mind me asking, but are you ok?’

*118*2021-08-31 08:27

Chapter 49:

Megan

I push the buggy to the back door of the church and try to push it open. Oh God no! Why is it locked? I bang on the door in frustration in the unlikely chance someone might be back there and hear me. Even though I know it’s extremely doubtful during the service I can’t help feeling angry when nothing happens. When I was younger the door was always unlocked and I have a distant memory of dad pulling me out the service when I must have been about 4 or 5 and running me around this very side and in this door to the toilets because I was fidgeting so much during mass. I can only guess with so many gifts, cakes and food in the back hall the priests must have locked it for security today. The only other way in to the toilets is to walk right through the chapel which I most definitely can’t do, and with the stairs I can’t take the buggy that way anyway.

I pace the side of the building, my mind spinning with what to do now and my muscles clenching tight. With so many people around in broad daylight on a Saturday morning I daren’t even risk what I did before and pee at the back of the church. At least out here I can move more than when I was stuck in the pew but I’m devastated about still missing seeing my brother take the elements for the first time. It’s such a huge event for Catholics, and to me personally. The words of Father Reilly ring through my ears that this is a significant day, a God ordained and orchestrated day, a day never to be forgotten. Yasmin is still gurning in the buggy but so much quieter than she was. Maybe she’s finally going to sleep? As another very urgent wave from my bladder attacks my whole body I have to stop pacing to tightly cross my legs and press a hand tight in-between them. I’ve never had to pee this bad in public for a very long time!

My head is down, Yasmin is getting restless again because I’ve stopped pushing the buggy, and all my concentration is on one thing: holding my bladder.

But just then the worse thing imaginable happens and I hear this male voice near by asking if I am ok! Do I bloody look ok? I’m angry, stressed, fed up and about to disgrace myself at my own brother’s first communion! I want to slap whoever he is. What the heck is he doing out here anyway? I look up, my hands and legs not daring to change position as I bark frustratingly at the man.

“Are you for real? No I am not ok! Do I look it? My brother is in there taking his first communion while I am out here because no-one else wants to look after the baby and I can’t even get in the back door because it’s locked! What business is it of yours anyway?”

“Sorry. You just looked like…”

“Like what?”

“Like you could perhaps use the ladies? I don’t mean to pry or anything but I couldn’t help noticing…”

“What sort of creep are you watching a woman outside chapel like this?”

It’s only then I properly look at the man. How had I missed the fact he’s got a litter picker in one hand, a bin bag in the other and a high vis vest on? How did I not recognise his English voice, his hair, his stubble and pale complexion?

“Liam?”

“Megan?”

“Jesus why do we always seem to meet when I’m really desperate to pee? This is madness!”

“Always? Was that why you rushed away at the cafe the other day?”

I have to march quickly on the spot, a hand still grasping myself making me look indecent because my dress only just reaches my knees and with my crotch holding it’s now ridden up my thighs. Even knowing this I can’t stop because if I do I know exactly what will happen.

“No. No. Oh now isn’t really a good time Liam. Sorry. I just need the toilet so badly. I needed it before I left home but Yasmin wouldn’t settle and mam was yelling at me and then we left and as soon as we got here I realised I was bursting and now the door’s locked and I really can’t wait until this service ends. I honestly can’t.”

He looks at me, his face full of compassion but his eyes wide and wistful like he’s a million miles away right now.

Yasmin is beginning to cry again, I crouch down holding myself despite the embarrassment and bounce up and down.

“Are you going to…?”

“Pee myself?’ I whimper. ‘I don’t want to but…”

*119*2021-08-31 13:15

Chapter 50:

Liam

Holy Shit! I had no idea it was her! Every single day I spend my entire shift looking out for her, I still walk round the Bloomfield estate hoping to see her again and I still climax daily thinking of nothing else but her! And now, once again, she’s right in front of me, and not only that but she’s driving me fucking crazy with her hot pee dancing and crotch holding. My body might be physically tired but I’m rampant and horny as hell regardless, and seriously struggling to stay composed!

When she utters those immortal words ‘I’m desperate to pee’ I practically explode in my trousers! Yet despite the fact I lust after her and crave her body urgently I also feel deeply for her too. What an awful situation for her to be in! There genuinely isn’t anywhere around here that has a toilet and I’m 100% certain she won’t make it back to her own house in time either, wherever that is on the estate. I have an idea though…that’s if she’s willing to trust me.

I go as close to her as I dare, bending my own knees to get as close to her face as possible, aware that the child in the buggy is waving her arms and kicking her legs and whimpering for attention. The buggy is now in front of us both as I cup my hands to form a circle over my mouth to act as a funnel between my mouth and her ear.

“Do you think you can make it around the back? I have just put a full bin bag there. Maybe you could go behind there? I can help you get there if you want?”

I watch as she tries standing back up, though she’s anything but straight, now bent forwards at the waist with a hand still tight between her legs. With her other free hand she reaches for one of the handles of the buggy and tries to push it, but the buggy struggles to move easily and is heading more towards the grave stones than straight ahead. Desperate to help her I place my hand on the free handle and then gently remove Megan’s one hand from the other handle and take that one too. I push the buggy towards the back of the chapel building and check that Megan is following me. Looking back at her she’s almost crying struggling to hobble forwards as best she can while bent forwards and holding herself.

“It’s ok beautiful. You’re nearly there.”

I hope she isn’t put off that I called her beautiful again. It’s just that…well she absolutely is beautiful in every way possible! I get to the corner of the building with the buggy before she does and I turn the buggy to face the other way so the young child is now facing towards the car park in front of the chapel. I make sure to form a gap that Megan can squeeze past and point to where I have stood a full bin bag against the back wall of the building.

The baby in the buggy looks right up at me, her little eyes tired and tearful. She’s every but as beautiful as Megan and I instantly bend down to say hi to her and ask her her name. I know she’s probably too young to answer but it’s just natural for me to ask anyway. As Megan squeezes past me she quietly comments,

“She can’t talk yet. She has Downs.”

I look at the little girl again and notice that, though I hadn’t originally.

I know I shouldn’t look at Megan but I can’t help it. I expected her to stand right against the wall behind the bin bag but either it’s too much of an emergency or she perhaps feels no-one will see her anyway. What she does blows me away to the point I can barely breathe. If I wanted her before then I need her now! Fuck this girl just blows my mind…

She pulls her dress up, though it has already ridden up with the way she had her hand between her legs anyway. I notice for the first time that she isn’t wearing tights and her bare legs are so smooth and sexy. She stands within touching distance of me, even with the buggy in front of me, crouches down over the bin bag like it’s a toilet, pulls the gusset aside of her pants and let’s her body do what it’s clearly been desperate to do now for some time.

I don’t know if I’m trying to disguise the fact I am staring, or if it’s my need to do something with my hands to stop me stroking myself even through my clothing, but I crouch down in front of the little girl in the buggy and gently stroke her face from just under her eye to under her mouth while singing quietly ‘You are my sunshine’ just as I remember my mum doing to me when I was young. While I softly sing I can hear Megan’s pee splashing all over the bin bag and running down it. I need to concentrate hard on the words of the simple song or my head will explode with sexual yearning. I’m now singing it and stroking the little girl’s soft face for the second time and still I can hear the splashing and hissing of urine on the thin black plastic bag! It’s not until I have finished quietly singing it a third time that I realise Megan has finally stopped.

I’m aware the baby is now quiet and settled and my full attention moves to Megan as she lets go of the side of her pants, stands up in front of the bag of rubbish and smoothes her dress down. I stand up myself and stare at her longingly. Beautiful is an understatement, gorgeous an absolute definite, but exquisite is getting even closer. She’s alluring, adorable, astounding.

I thought I wanted to kiss her at the library toilet, and again at the cafe but now…now I want so much more. Not kissing her isn’t even an option!

*121*2021-08-31 20:04

{{1 hour ago, pwpj said:

Oooo will they kiss?!

}}

I’m sure you’ll find that out tomorrow when I post two more chapters…

*123*2021-09-01 10:17

Sorry for the delay this morning but hopefully this is worth the wait!

Chapter 51:

Megan

He takes the buggy from me. That says so much to me before anything else even happens. My own siblings, even my parents, didn’t help with Yasmin to let me use a toilet earlier in my own home, yet this man, in many ways still a stranger, sees my distress and immediately does something to help. That means everything to me.

He turns Yasmin so she can see me, and him, so she doesn’t feel scared. Even in my extreme stress and desperation that amazes me. It might seem trivial to some but the kindness that shows touches me greatly.

He points out somewhere discreet to protect my dignity. He’s standing at the corner to prevent anyone else seeing or reaching me and that makes me feel safe, secure and defended. He’s protecting and guarding me like I am precious and worthy. No-one else ever treats me like that. No-one.

He could use his position to deny me privacy, to take advantage of me or expose me. Instead he comforts my baby sister, singing the very song I sing to her often when she’s upset (how did he even know?). His gentleness, calmness and care melt my heart even as my body can no longer hold back the pressure I’ve been fighting against for hours. The sheer relief, the lightness, the delight I feel in my body, from finally emptying my bladder of it’s excess liquid is matched only by the fullness, the respect and desire that my heart oozes with for the sexy, handsome man who not only provided a way for me to pee but so perfectly covered me with compassion and grace.

I want to go behind the bin bag but it’s just a physical impossibility as the pressure on my urethra is more than I can bear. I close my eyes and imagine the full bin bag is a toilet as I put my legs either side of it and bend down a little. I barely get the gusset of my pants aside in time before it happens. The noise of my body liquid hitting the bag is strange but also fun. I try not to think about it and just allow my body to do everything it needs to do to be comfortable again, hearing the beautiful sound of Liam singing to Yasmin in the background which helps me relax so much.

As I stand back up again I look at Liam as he stands up too and our eyes meet. There’s a wordless connection between us. I already know what he’s going to do before he does it but I’m not resisting. Not in any way at all….

He stands facing me as I step carefully over my own puddle. Our eyes don’t leave each others and I can’t help but smile; a huge, cheesy, nervous smile as my whole face beams.

I expect our lips to meet first but instead he reaches down for my hands and touches them both with his. He clasps his fingers through my right hand, intertwining each of his fingers in mine, his other arm moving to reach around my neck as he gently draws our faces closer together. Only then do his lips gently touch mine in the most delicate intricate way. Father Reilly’s words from the service echo in my head about today being ‘a significant day, a day which has been built up to over time, a day to be remembered forever’. I’ve never been kissed before, and never kissed anyone either, well not in a sexual way anyway. Yet intrinsically nature seems to know exactly what to do and our lips, our tongues, our hands, explore in ways I only ever dreamed possible.

The service can go on forever for all I care right now. I don’t want to be anywhere else but right here.

