Adventures in London

Author: KayLeigh

*000*2013-05-15 20:56

This is my first complete omorashi story.

I'd love feedback, and please give me a little lenience (I wrote it between 3-6am)

____

“Oh no you don’t.” I grimaced, pulling him out the door by the collar of his leather jacket.

“No! Outside is bad!” he grasped the doorframe.

“Please, come on!” I replied, tugging at the collar of his jacket again.

His tall, skinny frame stumbled down the front steps and recomposed on the pavement.

“You can’t spend all your time indoors, you know.” I locked the door behind me, slipping the keys into my pocket and turning to look him dead in the eyes.

“I usually do, though.” He frowned, squinting up into the sky.

“We have to do something.” I shook my head, and wandered down the steps towards him.

At something over six foot tall, he towered over my small frame.

“Don’t want tooooo.” He stared longingly at the front door.

“Don’t care.” I grabbed his wrist in my hand and walked down the street.

I’d only been here for a few days, but in that time all we’d done was sit in his house and listen to music, talk and chill.

Surely there had to be something else to do around here; it was London after all.

“You know this place better than I do,” I glared up at him, “show me around or something.”

“But but…” he grumbled, glancing down at me before hunching his shoulders, “I don’t hardly go out, so I wouldn’t really know…”

“How long have you lived here?” I continued to tug him ahead.

“A while…” his resistance was minimal, but still there.

I could tell he really didn’t feel very comfortable being out in public.

“Well, okay, I suppose there are shops… We could go and look in those…”

Finally, we were getting somewhere.

A few streets later, we were in the middle of bustling market stalls.

“Wow…” I mumbled, looking around in awe at all the people.

“Y-yeah.” He tugged on his collar gently.

“Come, let’s look around.” I grinned, grabbing his bony arm gently and pulling him to a stall.

He tailed along behind me for God knows how long, as I went in and out of shops, sorted through market stalls and gawked at the passerby’s.

The dress sense of the people around here amazed me; I had never seen so many goths in one place before, and I felt this odd sense of belonging as people nodded at my tartan tights and knee-length platform boots.

“Yeah, I told you before that people around here dress alternatively, didn’t I?” he laughed at the amazed expression on my face.

He was no exception, in his leather jacket and jeans, that tee with the ripped neckline, and the studded collar that spent all its’ time adorning his neck.

“You fit right in…” I breathed, smiling, and then turned to him, “Would you like to catch lunch?”

“I uhh… ‘Spose..” was his tentative response.

So nervous, so cute!

We sat in a small café for an hour or two, making fairly awkward conversation whilst eating our lunch.

For such a skinny guy, he could really pack in a meal!

Kinda made me wonder where it all went.

We sat back, me drinking the last of my cola, and him finishing what must have been his 4th glass of the stuff.

“Don’t you uhh… Y’know… Worry?” I glanced at the glass, then back at his face.

“I, umm… Well, no, I don’t really…” he awkwardly stuttered, clearly not used to discussing our fetish out loud.

“This could probably prove to be fun, you know.” I raised an eyebrow, giggling at him.

“Uhh, prolly…” he replied, nervously running a hand through his short, bleached, spiky hair.

“Oh lighten up!” I grinned, nudging his foot with mine under the table.

“You know how I am…” he muttered quietly, looking down at his near-empty glass.

“Yeah, true. Hey, finish that glass of Cola, I want to look around some more.”

“Yes, Kay.” He skulled the last of the cola, shaking his head a little, then stood.

His body stiffened a little as he stood, and I knew that the soda he insisted on drinking before I dragged him out the door was beginning to come back to haunt him.

“You alright?”

“Nnn… Yes.” He smiled, offering a hand to help me up.

“Aww, such a gentleman.” I laughed as a slight blush rose to his cheeks.

“Shall we continue on?”

“We shall.” I nodded, taking his arm in my hand again, and pulling him through the doors.

Our afternoon continued quite the same as our morning, him tailing along as I went in and out of stores, ogling at alternative wares, lusting after trinkets and clothing I knew that I would never find back in Australia.

However, as taken as I was by all the items around me, I still couldn’t get my mind off the way his posture was changing.

His steps had become slightly laboured, his stride rigid, and his face held a small look of concentration.

I knew what was happening, and I couldn’t help but feel myself grow damp thinking about the internal struggle he was enduring…

The internal struggle that could only get worse as time progressed.

“Are you okay?” I paused my window shopping to turn and see him squeeze himself gently.

“I, uh, yeah, fine.” His cheeks flushed bright red as I raised an eyebrow.

“You aren’t lying?”

“N.. No, not lyinggg…” his voice almost lilted into a moan as he spoke.

“You know, if you need to go, we can-” an awkward squeak cut me off.

“N-uhh. I’m fine, promise.”

I shot him a half amused, half concerned look before shrugging.

If he wanted to get ridiculously desperate in public, that wasn’t my problem.

“Well, if you want to… Rest at any point, let me know, and we can stop.”

His cheeks burned even brighter as he realised that his attempts at hiding his desperation were quickly failing.

A curt nod signalled for me to keep walking, so I grabbed his thin wrist and continued forward, hearing a quiet whimper as I pulled him forward.

Probably not the best idea I’ve ever had..

Just over half an hour later, I found a hand of bony fingers closing around my wrist, dragging me for a change.

I looked into those blue eyes as he pulled me onto a bench.

“I.. I don’t think…” his face was redder than red, and he tried to hide it by hanging his head partially.

“Are we finally owning up to something?” I shot him a sidelong glance.

“Maaayyybeee…” his voice wavered as he spoke.

I looked at him harder.

“Oh, fiiine, yes. Okay, I need to... uhh… Do that thing…”

Red, red, red and more red.

“It’s alright, you know I know what you mean. How long do you think you can hold out?”

“I… Not really sure.”

My heartbeat quickened at the mental images of this tall, lanky man wetting himself in public.

It was enticing for sure, yet I knew it to be impossible.

“Alright, do you know where the nearest Mens is?” I inquired.

His body shuddered at the mention of a bathroom, and I couldn’t help but wonder if he was in pain.

More than likely…

Due to his more-than-thin frame, his bladder visibly bulged from under his shirt, and as soon as he noticed it, he surprised me further by turning a darker shade of red I wasn’t aware existed.

“You stay here, okay?” I laid my hand on his shoulder, “I’ll go locate a bathroom for you.”

“Hurryyyy…” he squeezed his eyes shut for a second, and I noticed a shiver run through his body.

I picked myself up and walked into the crowd, searching for a bathroom desperately, asking the stall keepers until I was finally directed to a Mens Room.

I worked my way back to the bench, only to find my dear friend squeezing himself together as best he could, his legs crossed, and his hands shoved into the pockets of his jacket, inconspicuously crammed between his legs.

The sight sent a shudder through my body, and for a second, I was tempted to hide in the crowd and watch from afar as he struggled to keep whatever shreds of composure he still had, but my heart knew better than that.

He was relying on me, so I approached him quickly.

“Well, I’ve found a bathroom, so come on.”

“This is going to hurt…” he mumbled before standing, a wince spreading across his face.

“You going to be okay?” I frowned.

“Y-yeah… If I don’t explode first…” his teeth were gritted in concentration.

I pressed my hand into the small of his back, guiding him forward, and as we moved along, I tried to stand in a way that shielded him from the view of others.

He whimpered softly in pain as he walked, his posture stiff and his brow furrowed in an attempt to hold back the tsunami of urine that was waiting to break through the barrier of his urethra.

An excruciating minute later, the bathrooms came into view, and he all but ran inside.

I spent somewhere around 10 minutes, leaning on the outside wall of the Mens Room before he emerged.

A dopey, blissful smile decorated his pale face, and he almost seemed to float as he walked.

“Better?” I giggled at his orgasmic-looking expression.

“You have no idea.” His voice was soft and quiet, almost sleepy sounding.

“Come on, let’s get you home.” I grinned, shaking my head and leading him along once again, my arm threaded around his waist.

“Sounds great.” He mumbled in reply, lazily draping his arm over my shoulder.

*002*2013-05-15 21:20

{{: 

As I mentioned before, I quite like this story, and I definitely think you should try writing more omo stories sometime. You write really good character interaction and dialogue and such. Speaking of which, that friend character really is quite well-written. He seems like a pretty awesome guy, yeah? ;)

}}

Bahahahahahahahahaha.

Thanks Limey xD

