Triple Point Gold

Author: ChildOfShadows

*000*2013-05-26 17:10

Many apologies to everyone. I have been salvaging files from the (metaphorically) smoking wreckage of my computer. Something tells me my programming habits would go so much better if I didn't test them out on my own file system. Nevertheless, I finally found most of my files. Fingers crossed that I can get them in the correct chronological order.

Obviously, it's been a little more time. Jenna and Alec are heating up less and getting serious more. For the record, this part is so sickeningly sweet, I had much difficulty proof reading after the corruption. Clearly I was out of my mind for the first draft. Those with similar sappy allergies, feel free to just…hang around, until the next part, that is.

Also, if I stop posting at least once a week, slap me. I salvaged enough that I don't need a rewrite except in a few of the story gaps, so I should be able to keep up with my own posting/writing schedule. Also provided I don't return to rewriting computer files instead of fetish porn.

One night, about two weeks out from graduation, after I was already unconscious over my homework, Alec came to visit my parents. Everything was settled and approved but for my part in it.

Alec somehow managed not to clue me in for the rest of the week. If anything, he was even more enthusiastic during our private rendezvous.

Saturday was different. I knew that something was up when he came right to the door to pick me up, cheerily greeting my parents. I came running down the stairs ready for battle, and got a face full of Alec kissing me hello.

"Mmph—morning," I mumbled, preparing to duck upon seeing my parents in the room.

"Afternoon, actually," Alec laughed.

I grabbed my shoes, watching suspiciously as Alec shook my father's hand and kissed my mother on the cheek. I was not given time to dwell on it, however—Alec kissed me lightly and led me out the door.

I stretched, introducing sunlight and skin that had never met. Alec had packed a lunch and driven us up to one of the national parks; we were basking in the balmy air of late April a good mile away from any human being. We had eaten, and were just sunbathing, not even bothering to get excited.

"Jenna?" Alec asked softly, reaching over to pet my shoulder.

"Hmmmmmm?"

"I wanted to ask you something."

I purred softly and snuggled into his warm, creamy skin.

"Jenna, I know that sex isn't love," he whispered, "but love is—and I love you."

I sat very still, turning his words over and over in my head. I was distracted, however, by his bare hand patting mine gently on his bare hip.

"Bugger," he muttered, letting go of me to fish about in the heap that was our clothes. I waited—eventually he came up with what he had been looking for, and leaned up to kiss me gently.

"I love you," he whispered.

Something cold slipped onto my left ring finger. I held up my hand and saw a twinkling, heart-shaped diamond on a gold band.

"I want you to marry me," Alec said softly.

I traced the largest streak of silver hair back to where it ended on the grass, trying to process the question. Marry? As in, like, ceremony and rings and loyalty forever type marry?

Alec took a deep breath and lifted my hand to his lips, kissing it softly.

"Please?" he whispered.

"Yes," I murmured. "Yes, yes, yes, yes…"

And I was lost for words as he lifted me up to straddle him, both of us kissing and touching and gasping and moaning.

I stirred sleepily, trying to sort out the heat from the sun and the heat from Alec's skin into up and down so it would be possible to get up.

"Oof!"

I had gotten it wrong, and landed hard on Alec.

"Where're you going?" he inquired sleepily, wrapping his arms around me.

"Have to pee."

I was very uncomfortable; my bladder was surprisingly full.

"What are you waiting for, then?" he asked, sliding a hand up the inside of my thigh.

I made a muffled sort of sound, my lips being somewhat muffled by his. I was desperate to pee, and his gentle touch between my legs was not helping. Then again, maybe it was.

Alec squeezed, and I leaked just enough to get him fingers wet, squirming desperately. He was very stiff, and I began to pet him gently.

"You like this," I cooed. "Is this why you want to marry me?"

"Want…because…love you," he moaned.

I kissed him gently on the lips again. He wanted me—possibly even more desperately than I wanted to pee. His hands were trembling—if I had been wearing any clothes, he would be ripping them off. Without thinking, I leaked again. Alec struggled for breath.

I was done tormenting both my bladder and my…fiancé. The word rang in my mind.

I suddenly released a golden flood over both of us. It poured over Alec's fingers and ran into the grass, pooling around us. I was scarcely half done when Alec grabbed me and pinned me to the grass, body pressing hard against mine.

"I'm going to marry you," he growled softly, "and I am going to love you every…waking…moment."

He punctuated his words with passionate, if quick, kisses. I didn't have to say a word. I couldn't, even if I had wanted to—I was coming hard. The ring on my finger, pressing into his back, was all I needed.

*001*2013-06-01 03:41

Next part, guys! This one has quite the altercation—I wanted so much to do a shouting scene, though I hate couple fights. I re-edited it a little for more volume, but not much past it. Merry Easter, enjoy.

I got called to the principal's office first thing Monday morning. My first period teacher actually smiled at me as I left—I was a good student, and this was likely some kind of scholarship or award.

I slipped in to the principal's office cheerily, only to be greeted by a stony-faced principal and Alec sitting in a chair like a naughty child with his head hung.

"Sit," the principal ordered.

I sat.

"That's a pretty little ring you've got there."

I looked down at my left hand. Alec's ring twinkled innocently in the fluorescent light.

"Would you like to tell me where you got it?" the principal asked dangerously.

I kept quiet. Alec was still sitting like a naughty child—the principal obviously knew something. But how much?

"Don't you want to tell me, Miss Faulkner?"

I still said nothing, concentrating instead on my nerves; not knowing was making me need to pee.

"Miss Faulkner?"

"I gave it to her," Alec said softly.

The principal began to pace.

"A ring like that is a very expensive gift, Mr. Conway. The sort of thing a teacher does not typically give a student."

He thumped the desk. Alec and I both jumped. A few drops leapt from my nervous bladder, dampening my briefs.

"Are the two of you seeing each other?" the principal demanded. "ARE YOU?!"

"Every day in class, sir," Alec gulped, glancing up.

"And do you give every student a ring?"

"No, sir," Alec admitted softly.

I crossed my legs and twisted the ring around and around on my finger, trying to distract myself.

"I know the two of you are together, and planning something. It is my opinion that it is something illegal."

Alec looked up, eyes wide. The principal planted his feet in front of him.

"Would you like to tell me what that is, Conway?"

Alec licked his dry lips. My bladder twinged as he muttered something inaudible.

The principal stepped back.

"What's that, Conway?"

"A WEDDING!" Alec shouted.

I jumped in my seat, a traitorous spurt running into my briefs.

The principal stepped back, thinking. Trying to come up with any good reason.

"She's pregnant?" he hissed.

I heard it as a question, but the statement obviously startled Alec.

"What?!" he demanded, leaping to his feet. I didn't dare stand—I just knew that my nerve-wracked bladder would burst and flood my jeans if I did.

However, that did not stop me from getting angry.

"How dare you assume so!" I screamed. "I'm not—I couldn't be!"

Alec breathed just enough air out of his nose to be called a snort, but did not contradict me.

Forgetting my plight, I leapt to my feet. Instantly, I realized my crotch was warm, and getting wetter by the second. Alec, seeing the glistening stain pouring down the inside of my jeans, thrust his hands into his pockets to hide his growing bulge.

"Hands out of your pockets, Conway, it's not professional," the principal snapped.

Slowly, Alec pulled his hands out. The sizable bulge at the front of his pants was now painfully obvious.

The principal looked horrified.

"Both of you disgust me," he hissed. "Quite frankly, you deserve each other. Conway—you're fired."

Alec put his hands back in his pockets. The principal rolled his eyes.

"You will receive wages for the remainder of the school year. Miss Faulkner—any grades you have currently are final. You will be sent your diploma—I will not have you disgracing this school by attending graduation."

My knees went weak. I was being expelled? The room began to turn at an odd angle before Alec grabbed me, holding me upright.

"Get out," the principal ordered. "Both of you. Out of my office; out of my school—and don't come back."

Alec led me from the office. I didn't realize I was crying until he set me down in the hallway to wipe my eyes.

"It's all right, love," he murmured comfortably. "We'll be all right. I promise."

I would have been a lot more convinced if he hadn't wiped his own eyes. That sold it—I got shakily to my feet, and we walked hand in hand through the doors for the very last time.

*002*2013-06-09 20:40

So…this part is rather short and mostly plot. Maybe I can install the next one a little early to make up for it.

"Are you pregnant?" Alec asked suddenly.

I turned my entire body in the passenger seat of his Honda so I could look at him.

"Why?"

He took his eyes off the road to stare at me in alarm.

"You are pregnant?"

"Not to my knowledge," I said quickly.

Alec turned his eyes back to the road.

"I could be, though," I admitted.

"What?"

"Have you been using protection?"

I watched the blood drain from Alec's face. His knuckles on the steering wheel were white.

"If you're serious, Jenna—"

"Alec, I'm pretty sure I'm not. It's not like I've ever been regular."

He closed his eyes tight.

"Eyes on the road, Alec. It's a possibility, but not a good one."

The color was finally starting to come back to his face.

"Just…don't spring things like that on me, all right?"

"You brought it up," I pointed out.

He took a few deep breaths.

"I really wouldn't mind if you were…this relationship is already breaking so many rules. I just think it would be difficult."

He pulled into the driveway.

"Have you decided where you're going to college yet?"

"I'm not going—I'm getting married, remember?"

He cut the ignition rather forcefully.

"You're a good student, Jenna. You're going to college."

"With what?" I demanded as we climbed out. "You just got fired, remember?"

"I'm going with you."

I grabbed my school bags out of the back seat. Not that I really needed them now, of course.

"What are you talking about?"

"I just got fired. I'll go to school with you, get a master's and a doctorate. Then maybe I'll teach college," Alec said, taking some of my bags.

It was a decent idea—particularly if we sold the house. I let him kiss me at the door.

The only really logical thing we could come up with after that was some largely uneventful shower sex. Then, sitting about with our hair in towels, we discussed what would happen to us now that we'd been thrown out of the school.

"We'll have to tell my parents at sone point," I mused, loafing full-length on the sofa.

"Tell them what?" Alec drawled lazily from the recliner. "That you got kicked out of school, that we're leaving the state, or—oh, I don't know—that we'd been sleeping together for three months before I ever bothered to come around and introduce myself?"

"How about all three?"

Alec glanced sharply at me.

"I rather value my life and my right to marry you, so let's keep it to the first two, all right?"

"I was only joking," I shrugged.

Alec shifted in his chair for the third time in ten minutes, then made to stand up.

"Sit down!" I ordered him. "We have matters of importance to discuss!"

"I have to pee," he protested.

"You went in the shower," I countered.

"You and I both know that wasn't pee!"

"Sit."

He sat.

"Point of order number two," I continued. "Birth control. If we're going to be college students without a family, we'll need it."

"And if that doesn't work, I'll be the dropout," Alec stated firmly.

There was a bit of a pause. Alec squirmed, but did not dare leave after my sharp comments earlier.

"Where are we going to live?" I asked softly. This was my biggest concern—more so than imaginary babies and money I would never see.

Alec grinned.

"My grandfather left me a cottage on a half-acre two miles from NCU campus."

"At least it will be somewhere to settle into," I mused.

"It probably needs some work," he warned.

I made a big show of flexing my arm muscles, and he laughed.

"If that's all," he commented through my reverie, "I'm going to the bathroom, unless you can think of a particularly better idea."

"Maybe the kitchen," I offered, jumping up. "I'll take clean-up."

"Best idea I've heard all day," he grinned. "Then maybe another shower?"

"Rock on."

We knew the drill by now. Middle of the kitchen, me sitting between Alec's legs. Squirming. And finally, that warm golden flow between us.

*003*2013-06-16 03:20

New update! More pee, less plot. Business as usual.

I woke up to my phone vibrating. It was light enough outside, but I knew the text was likely a good-morning from Alec—I tend to sleep very late.

"Don't use the bathroom this morning," I mouthed, reading the text groggily.

The phone vibrated again.

"I want to drive up to NCU and have a look at the house," I read.

I could tell there was some kind of underlying meaning to the two seemingly unrelated text messages, but it wasn't coming to me in my semiconscious state.

"Do I have to get dressed?" I texted back.

I got the reply almost instantly.

"I'd wear SOMETHING if you don't want to distract the driver."

I rolled my eyes at the phone.

"I wear pajamas, you nitwit."

"How was I supposed to know that? I don't tend to look at what I'm ripping off you and flinging across the room."

Made sense, I guess.

"Five minutes," I texted. "I'll be in the driveway."

I climbed into the passenger seat of the Honda, greeted by a grinning Alec presenting me with a large coffee.

"Morning, love," he grinned.

I took the coffee and took a big gulp.

"Why couldn't I go pee this morning?" I asked suspiciously.

"Because," Alec said, taking my hand and kissing the shining engagement ring, "I thought it might be fun to recreate how we met."

"Tenth grade English?"

"The second time."

"Day 2 of tenth grade English?"

He rolled his eyes.

"The New York trip."

That made more sense. I took another swig of coffee as we pulled out of the driveway.

I felt the car stop. Alec had blindfolded me some two miles back, leaving me with nothing to do but sing rather badly along with the stereo.

He took my arm, guiding me out of the car. I remained bent a bit at the waist—the coffee was taking its toll on my control—as we walked. Then Alec was gone, leaving me standing in a void.

"Alec?"

"Right here, love," came his whisper in my ear. Long, nimble fingers undid the knot in the blindfold and lifted it away.

I could not help but gasp. The car was parked on an overlook—overlooking a misty valley, turned gold by the late morning sun. It was so beautiful—for the barest instant, I forgot about my filling bladder. A spurt shot into my briefs, dampening them.

I turned around to kiss Alec. He took a moment to compose himself before letting go of himself long enough to kiss me properly.

"I love you," I whispered.

"I love you more," he whispered back.

We let go of each other and just stood looking at the golden mist. My legs were crossed, and Alec was gripping his pants again, but you could really feel the moment.

"Do you want to…?" I asked finally.

"No," he snapped crossly.

He was obviously desperate—we were very rarely cross with each other.

It was still forty-five minutes to NCU. Alec was still driving, somehow, but was doing so one-handed. I simply bobbed continuously in my seat with a death grip on my crotch. The endless string of curses in Klingon was back as well, and beginning to overpower the low volume of the stereo.

Finally, he swerved onto the shoulder. Both of us leapt out, but I saw the dribble in his seat. It had begun.

Alec didn't even make it around the car. I heard the pattering as he flooded his slacks, and hobbled around the car to see him leaning against it with the yes-please-keep-doing-that look on his face he got when I touched him just so.

As I watched, by own bladder went numb. I had been aiming for Alec's pants, but found myself hanging on to the hood of the Honda for dear life as my pajama pants sagged downward from the weight of the ocean soaking into them.

The next thing I was aware of was Alec with his lips glued to my neck.

"Can we make it to the house?" I asked.

"No chance."

"The nearest hotel?"

"Not even of we could afford it."

"What about the back seat?"

"We won't fit."

"Like we fit under your desk?" I pointed out.

As it turned out though, the backseat worked just fine. We left the door open to compensate for our feet, and no further problems arose.

*004*2013-07-03 02:11

I know I said one update a week. This was before I got invited to a ten day camping trip…in the Rocky Mountains…a two hour's drive from the nearest phone signal, and another hour to WiFi.

The creepiness here is in honor of a dear friend of mine, who approached me (before camping) with the death of a newborn cousin. That I could write it in so easily kind of scared me.

The house did indeed need some work. It had obviously been abandoned for some years—the paint was faded, and you could almost smell the neglect. Yet at the same time, I could smell the possibility.

We made our way through slowly, not talking. Everywhere, I could see what Alec and I could do with the place. Through the derelict kitchen, the faded parlor and dining nook, and up the ominously creaking stairs.

I finally came to a locked door.

"Alec, what's in here?"

"I don't know," he answered thoughtfully, producing a key.

The room was empty except for a wicker bassinet with a faded ribbon.

"This would have been my brother's room," Alec breathed.

"You have a brother?"

"Had a brother," he said softly, brushing the faded ribbon with his fingertips. "I never met him."

I couldn't say anything. I'd never lost a sibling—I'd never even had a sibling.

"He died in his sleep when he was three weeks old," Alec said, looking at me through glasses translucent with dust, "Four years before I was born."

I imagined the pain she must have felt. The still, lifeless weight of the newborn boy as she lifted him, crying for a child she could not save.

Alec noticed my still, silent trance.

"He had a weak heart, Jenna. The question was if, not when. Hospitals didn't know as much thirty-five years ago."

Ghosts never entered my mind. The little boy had been properly laid to rest plenty long ago.

"It will be a perfect nursery for after college," I said.

"You think we can fix it up?"

"No problem."

I dropped two cans of paint in the entry and went back to the car for more. We were here, and Alec did not mind driving home in the dark. Now armed with supplies from the nearest hardware store, we would begin the fix-up. More redecorating than actual fix-up, but still.

Paint rollers. Wallpaper. Tile cleaner. Alec was on cleaning, I was on redecorating. Sky blue paint in the parlor, yellow for the dining room, green for the kitchen, lavender for the hall. White for the nursery.

I called my parents. We were staying the night, and didn't know when we'd be home. They weren't thrilled, but then they also thought Alec and I would be sleeping in separate rooms. As if.

I woke up with an earth-shattering jolt. Alec was kissing me on the jawline.

"Good morning to you, too," I gasped.

"You need to spend the night with me more often," he grinned. "Between parents and field trip curfews, mornings have been a bit of an impossibility."

"I'm rarely awake to notice," I yawned. Alec delicately fondled my breasts, our breathing already slowing.

Then I realized I hadn't peed since yesterday morning all over the side of the car. With a well-placed shove, suddenly I was on top. Alec's breathing picked up as he was unexpectedly soaked, and was surprised enough to add a considerable amount to the growing puddle.

"Marking the territory?" I inquired.

"You could call it that."

I made a soft noise as he kissed me delicately, then not so delicately.

"You're amazing," he purred. "I love you."

"I love you, too," I murmured, already half asleep again.

Everyone following this should also know that this is the last prewritten part. I'm not quite sure where I should go from here, so I'll ask the question: what do you want? I love Alec, even if Jenna gets on my nerves a bit. I could go back and fill in some gaps, keep on this timeline, or skip ahead—I have a third character I want to introduce. I've never written a three-way (and I'm not certain I'll get it right), but that could be fun.

Or, because I'm feeling evil after ten days in a tent, Jenna could leave poor Alec at the altar.

I actually want to hear back on this, people. Silence means nothing to me. I can't read minds, much as I would love to, and I'm reasonably sure it would take eye contact if I could. So let me know what kind of plot twist to work with, and I can start writing again—thanks!

