Too long to wait

Author: Omo-Homo

*000*2012-06-11 17:15

Alright going to give my fanfic request a shot and see how it turns out. If it turns out good then I'll write about the other 2 sisters later. If it doesn't turn out good then I'll just scrap the idea. Alright so here it goes.

Sable always hated waking up early and being rushed out of the house but that's the way things are. Today she woke up so late all she had time to do was grab a quick snack and head out the door. But in doing that she forgot something: her bathroom break. So when she got their she just realized it. She was also trying her best to hide it from her sister Mable. Now, Mable it a cute blue hedgehog with a white face and. Lack eyes but no mouth. Sable was a brown hedgehog with freckles and tired eyes. Mable wore a green and white gingham plaid apron while Sable wore a Brown and White gingham plaid apron. About 20 minutes into the day, she started to feel the effects of not going pee. She had her brown furred legs crossed and was slightly bobbing them up and down.

Since it was a Monday, they had almost no customers. It made things much more difficult for Sable because she didn't have a distraction. And it didn't help much that their shop was right next to a waterfall. It was about noon when she REALLY needed to go bad. She had her legs tightly crossed and was bobbing them up and down quickly. She also occasionally stuck a hand down there to help. At 1 PM, she couldn't hold it anymore. She was trying with all her strength to hold it back but her efforts were not successful in holding it back. She stood up when she began too pee. 

She had stored a lot of pee, for she peed for a whole 2 and a half minutes. The stain was horrible. She had a giant pee stain on her inner legs and her apron bottom was soaked. As soon as it stopped, she began to cry. Her sister comforted her, saying it happens to everyone at one point in their lives. Her sister said they're closing early anyway so they decided to go home right then. When they got home, Sable cleaned up and put her apron in the washer and her and Mable just watched TV for the rest of the night.

So how did you like it? All feedback helps so yeah, just reply with any advice or comments.

Thanks: Omo-Homo

Oh and could someone delete the other post. I don't know why it did that.

*002*2012-06-18 09:34

Alright. So I have taken the feedback I've gotten and put together about Sables Sister Labelle. Just so you know, she is a porcupine with a purple mane but white legs. She also always wears a dress. So, here it goes.

Labelle woke up feeling refreshed. She was going to need it for today, for it is Black Friday. Considering all the ones in the past, she was going to be there for the whole day. But when she woke up, she woke up late. She only had time to shower and get dressed and get out the door. But she forgot to go pee, which would end up costing her.

She got to GracieGrace and saw that there were a lot of people waiting outside the door. "Would you open the door" Gracie asked her. So, she opened the door and it was a riot to be the first one in. There were animals trampling each other so they wouldn't miss out on the sale.

As the day went on, business kept up at a rapid pace. But her desperation was also starting to catch up with her. She was figeting in place with desperation. Since she worked the register today, she could cross her legs too help with it. Up at the register, the line was huge. They had other registers but all the boys went too hers. When they got up there, most of the time they would flirt with her but it didn't go very far. Her desperation was also pretty bad. On a scale of 1 to 10, she was probably an 8. She had to pee really bad.

As soon as business slowed down, she decided to ask Gracie if she could use the restroom. "Miss Gracie" she asked. When she asked, she had her legs crossed. "Yes" Gracie said. "May I go use the restrooms" she asked. "No"

"But why?"

"Because there are still customers here, so still act like a lady"

"It'll be a lot harder to be a lady with a giant pee stain on my legs"

"Well too bad!"

At that point Labelle was double crossing her legs and holding her crotch with both hands. A spurt came out and she gasped. She tried to stop it but it just kept going. Sooner or later she was standing in the middle of the showroom with a giant pee stain running down her legs. She just went to her office after that. She packed up her stuff and headed home, so she could dry off.

So how did you like it. Please read and give feedback.

Thanks:Omo-Homo

*003*2012-07-18 16:03

Ok so I got around to posting a story about Mable, Sables sister.

Mable woke up feeling refreshed after the previous day. She got ready for the day. She put on her apron and took her bathroom visit before she left for work. When she got to work she noticed that there bathroom was out of order because the toilets were flooded.

It was sunday so business was slow. Mabel had a very small bladder so she was concerned about no access toilet for the day. And it didn't help her that a Waterfall was next to the shop. There was no business for a while so they tried to kill time. Sable had sewing to do so she was covered. Mable had nothing to do so she was up at the front. While she was just sitting down, she noticed that she needed to pee. She ignored it, thinking she could hold it awhile.

The first customer came in a little bit later. When she stood up, her bladder got a little jolt, so she tensed up for a minute. After the customer left, she noticed she had to pee even more. So she squeezed her thighs together and just sat there.

After a while, she needed to pee even more so she crossed her legs and occasionally held herself with both hands. She was starting to worry that she wouldn't make it to the end of the day.

Another customer walked in and she could barely stand without holding herself. After he left she walked over to her sister.

"Sable"

"Yes Mable"

"Is there another bathroom here"

"No the only one is under remodeling. Why do you ask"

" Because I need to pee really bad"

"The closest one is at home so if you can make it there then go ahead"

"Thsnks sis"

So she headed to her home to pee. She had to pee really bad now. She had to stop and hold herself every couple seconds while she was on her way. Halfway there she knew she couldn't make it so she pondered using a tree.

"If I use a tree I could relieve myself but what if someone sees me, then it would be weird"

While thinking about that she let a spurt outf and she squealed.

A couple of minutes later she doubled over and she started peeing herself. When she was done, her fur was sticky and matted. She went home and took a shower and washed her apron then returned to work,

How did you like it? Reply with feedback would be appreciated,

Thanks, Omo-Homo

*004*2012-07-20 15:10

If anyone wants to have a story done about an animal crossing character just reply. I won't do male because I tried already and I did a horrible one, I never posted it and I won't do nude settings.

So just reply with your requests.

Thanks, Omo-Homo

*006*2012-07-20 16:43

I'll try to do them. I'll post it when I'm done with it.

