FMA-Golden Metal

Author: Eeveeluver00

*000*2013-01-06 04:12

(Yeah…another FMA fanfic. As if I haven't written too many already.)

ONE

Edward Elric tossed around in his sleep, moaning and whimpering softly. He and Alphonse had stopped at an inn late at night, after a long day of battling and eating nothing.

Sweat rolled down Ed's face. He couldn't remember exactly what his dream was about, but he was currently a child, a cliff behind him and a sinister figure in front of him. He took a step back, then plummeted over the edge of the cliff…

Edward sat up quickly, his heart racing. He calmed down when he realized he was still in bed at the inn. Al had apparently left in the night to go for a walk, seeing as how he couldn't sleep, but something seemed off. The Fullmetal Alchemist was suddenly aware of a loud hissing noise erupting from his pants. He panicked again, letting out a loud "gyaaaaaaa!" of distress. He willed himself to regain control, jamming his hands into his groin, but it was too late. A golden stream flowed from his body with great force, soaking the sheets and forming a large yellow puddle under him. He grabbed frantically at his crotch, glad his brother wasn't there to see him holding himself as he wet the bed. All he succeeded in doing was soaking his hands. A doomed feeling washed over the boy. His bladder was emptying onto the hotel's sheets, and there was nothing Ed could do about it.

###

Edward yawned loudly as he and Al set out the next morning. Between stashing the soaked sheets away and cleaning himself as best as he could, the undersized alchemist had hardly had any time to sleep. His hair was messy, and he had given up trying to braid it and merely put it in a ponytail. He threw on his coat and adjusted his gloves as the two brothers stepped outside into the chilly winter air. They had completed yet another mission. Ed had only to report to Colonel Mustang at this point, and was in no hurry to see the smart mouthed Flame Alchemist.

"Hey Al…" Ed yawned, "what do you say we stop so can eat first? I'm starving."

Al paused.

"But…Ed…"

Edward sighed.

"Look, Al, I'm sick of eating nothing but bread I transmute from grass! We still have enough money for the train, if that's what you're worried about."

So it was agreed, or, rather, forced upon Alphonse that the two of them would stop in a caffe near the train station. Edward counted his money before buying several small cakes and, though he had never liked it, coffee. Of course, with the amount of sugar and cream he added, one could hardly consider it coffee. Al just looked around, wishing he could eat. The little cakes and rows of scones looked so good, but in his metal body he had no stomach.

After Ed had scarfed down most of the little cakes, save a chocolate one and two filled with jam, which he had placed carefully in a paper bag for later, the two left with just enough money for the train. It was as they were leaving that Ed realized he had forgotten to use the bathroom before leaving the hotel that morning. It was a pain, an inconvenience at most, he decided, as he didn't have to go that badly yet. Besides, if he stopped to pee now they would miss their train, and the next one wasn't for over an hour; not a long wait, however the Elric brothers were in a hurry. They had decided the night before that they would stop in Resembool before returning to report to Mustang, using the excuse that Ed's automail needed repairs.

There was nothing to do but tough it out. Besides, Edward was fifteen. If he could survive the loss of both an arm and a leg, learn to fight using mechanical limbs, and become a state alchemist at the age of twelve, he could hold in his urine for a couple of hours. He'd already wet the bed that night, and there was no way in hell he was gonna have an accident while he was wide awake.

After about five or so minutes, Edward and Alphonse were seated in the train. Edward was staring out the window, as usual, although he seemed more distracted and easily startled, not his relaxed, alert self. Twice he had practically jumped out of his seat, once when a man several seats away coughed loudly, and once when a child sitting on the side opposite them dropped a toy he'd been playing with.

"Nii-San?" Al asked finally as someone sneezed, causing Ed to sit completely rigid and bite his lip.

"Is something the matter?"

"…I'm fine, Al." Edward lied after a moment, though he obviously wasn't. He was sweating bullets and his lip was bleeding where he bit it. He was leaning forward slightly, both hands nervously balling up the fabric of his pants just above the knee.

Al sighed. There was really no point in trying to squeeze information out of his stubborn older brother. It was easier to squeeze the juice out of an apple with one hand.

Edward bit his lip again, crossing one leg over the other. He hadn't had to go so badly fifteen minutes ago when they first got on the train, and while he was confident he could hold it until they reached Resembool in an hour or so, he didn't think it would be easy or comfortable. He sighed, uncrossing his legs then crossing the the other way. Only an hour, not counting the five minute walk to Winry's house, and he could take care of this. Only an hour…

The thought echoed through his mind for about half an hour. By then he had begun squirming in his seat, constantly rubbing his legs together. He received odd looks from countless passengers, but he didn't seem to notice. He was too busy trying to prevent himself from soaking his pants on the train. Besides, better to be seem squirming like that than to pee yourself in public.

"Al…" Ed hissed weakly, "how much longer?"

"About 25 minutes, why?" Al replied.

"No reason…no reason." his brother sighed.

Ed looked out the window again. He had just managed to get his mind off his aching bladder when he was hit with a wave of desperation. He reached down with his left hand and squeezed himself until the feeling went away. More strange looks, of course. Al glanced at his brother.

"Are you sure you're okay?" he asked, genuinely concerned.

"I already told you I'm fine!" Edward snapped, his face reddening. The train hit a sudden bump on the track, and Ed leaned forward, jamming both hands into his crotch. By then, even Al knew what was wrong, and he sighed. His brother could be so…difficult sometimes. And a human body was so troublesome. Eating, sleeping…and having to stop for the bathroom.

"We'll be there soon, Ed." Al promised. Edward just grunted, still grabbing himself.

After 25 hellish minutes, the two arrived at the station in the small, nearly empty town, if one could even call it a town, of Resemool. Since all the houses were spread so far apart in Resembool, it would take a good five minutes to arrive at Winry's house. Edward got shakily to his feet, a spurt of golden liquid forcing its way out. Ed panicked, but his pants were, to his relief, still dry. Al carried Ed's suitcase as they walked, as Ed's hands were both in his pockets as he secretly held himself. The walk would only take five minutes, but it was mostly uphill and Ed was already getting desperate.

Every so often he would leak a little, and by the time they were halfway there he had a visible patch of wetness on the crotch of his pants. Just as Winry's house came into view, Ed's bladder spasmed and he stopped to cross his legs. A thin trail of pee snaked down his left leg, and he bounced slightly in place. He couldn't believe he had to go that badly! He had been fine when they first got on the train, and that was only just over an hour ago. There was a loud hiss as another jet of pee forced its way into his pants. He looked up at Al, his vision blurred by tears. Al had dropped Ed's suitcase and was now standing in front of him.

"Ed! Are you okay?"

Before Ed could say anything, his bladder answered for him. There was a gentle pattering sound, which quickly grew to a rather audible hiss. The front of Ed's pants quickly became soaked, as did his legs. A large puddle grew around his feet, and his hands, still at his crotch, grew wet. After about two minutes, the golden stream slowly trickled off. Ed groaned. His gloves had been stained yellow, and his red coat had taken a great deal of damage as well.

"Damn…" he muttered.

"Winry's gonna kill me!"

*002*2013-01-06 05:45

Lol I tried. Thanks.

(I seriously hate when people write fanfics and get the personalities so horribly wrong you can't tell who the characters are.)

