Pokemon Omorashi epic! - Page 16

Author: Alexxx

*377*2014-02-27 03:10

"I’m just surprised you were so adamant. It wasn’t like you."

"You must be jesting. I’ve waited for this for…well, not quite months, but it feels like an eternity."

The horizon eclipsed the sun in a haze of beauty, enticing the night with inviting hues of pinks and orange. Although only the slightest whispers of the night’s winds blew against my rough, warm jacket, the moon was high in the sky.

Skarr sighed contently, and relaxed his wings. "So. What will you do after?"

"Hmmm?"

"After all this." Skarr waved a wing at the valley below us, the dark shades of green, and the purples of the coming night. "You stand, no longer at the base of the mountain, but within a breath of the very top. Once you reach the peak…what will you do?"

We sat in silence, and watched the last of the sun melt past the valley. The colors ran freely in the sky, fading unto the deepest blue.

"Maybe I’ll see other peaks to concur." I whispered.

"Is that what drives you? The need to be the best?" Skarr turned away from the stars, and looked at me with a golden eye.

Did I need to be the best? Was my position on this metaphorical mountain a way of showing off, or a symbol of status, dedication, and skill?

"No." I shook my head. "Not really."

"Then why travel? Why reach the peak?"

The deepest blue merged into the darkest black, with the moon shining in all its glory high up in the sky. My breath materialized before me, and I zipped my jacket up for warmth.

"I climb for the love of climbing. For the companionship of those I climb with, and the view I’ll get when we all succeed." Skarr smiled at my response, though he never tore his eyes off the night sky. "Why do you choose to climb? You could simply choose a life of meditation, and wooing women with your satire."

Skarr snorted. "Simple. I’m lazy; beating the Elite four is much easier then courtship."

"You’ve had your fair share to relationships!" I laughed.

"Number is irrelevant. Quality is important."

"Oh? Only the shiny ones count?" I smirked.

"The quality of the relationships, pervert. Not the quality of the women."

"I know what you meant." I laughed.

Skarr grinned, and looked back at the night sky. "Ah, I missed this. I recall so many nights of us watching the stars immerge at your home. I know it is selfish of me to reminisce of the days where you were filled with such…"

"Teenage angst? Mild rebellion?" I scoffed.

"Pain." Skarr answered, solemnly. I looked down, a hard pit forming in the base of my chest. I wasn’t myself back then. "You try so hard now. I’m proud of you, but…I miss the days where I could give you advice."

"Advice I would ignore?" I gave Skarr a weary smirk.

Skarr scoffed. "Well. No one is perfect. Plus that just meant I could give you more advice later."

I rolled my eyes, and Skarr gave a chuckle.

"Hey, you never answered my question."

"Oh?" Skarr tilted his head.

"Why do you choose to travel with me?"

Skarr smiled mysteriously, and glanced back at the moon. "Why do we have religions? Why do we have myths, and legends? Why do stories mean so much to us, and why are we so captivated by the setting of the sun, and rising of the moon?"

The sudden silence was torture. "Why?" I whispered, leaning closer. Skarr smirked and preened an out-of-place feather, making me squirm with impatience.

"Because they inspire us." Skarr concluded, beaming at the night sky. "And you inspire me, Josh Karren. For now the moon holds my rapt attention, but in a few days, the trainers of Kanto won’t be looking up at the moon." Skarr turned, and gave me a wide smile. "They’ll be looking up to you."

"…Thank you, Skarr." I blinked back a tear or two, and hugged my metallic bird.

"Don’t thank me. This is what I live for." Skarr fell on his back, content to stare into the sky as the grass ruffled around his moonlit wings. "But then again, I’m just your melodramatic mount, right?"

"You’re my favorite melodramatic mount."

"And that’s all I ask." Skarr nodded contently into the night.

###

“Char!” Nova cried, slicing his claws into another Fearow. It fell like the others, and collapsed onto the grass, unconscious.

"How you feelin’, Nova?" I asked, clocking his time.

"Good! A few more days of this, and…" he trailed off, spotting another Fearow and diving after it.

"Are you sure this is the best way to spend the week?" I called out to him. A blast of fire erupted in the grass, and I heard the familiar thump of Fearow flesh hitting the ground.

"Y-yeah, absolutely. I need to be at my best for the Elite four, after all. I wouldn’t want to…" He looked away guiltily, searching for another Fearow.

"Look at me for a sec." I asked.

Nova squirmed away and crossed his arms. "I’m fine."

"It’s okay to be insecure, Nova."

"Is it?" He asked, whirling around to face me with angry, chilling draconic eyes. "How many times have we had this talk? How many times do you have to reassure me, and how many times must I concur my demons? H-how…" He choked a bit and shook his head, keeping me at arm’s length. "I…I just feel like I should be over this by now. We should be talking about strategies and attacks, not…trying to make me not feel like a failure for the thousandth time. I should be over this. I should be better than this…"

He slumped over, but no tears fell. It wasn’t anger in his eyes, more of dull, grudging frustration.

"Hey." I sat next to him.

He leaned into me, and hugged me lightly. "I’m sorry, Josh. I-"

"Don’t be." I hugged back. He nestled into my shirt a bit and sighed. "Some demons are tough. Some go for more than a few rounds."

"S-so what? I deal with this forever? I’m j-just born to be useless?"

"No, you’re born to be amazing," I smiled, and poked in the belly, "And achieve greatness despite your flaws."

Nova smiled weakly. "…Thanks. I just, I would feel better if this wasn’t the thousandth time we’ve had this conversation. I’m just…I don’t know.

Training’ll clear my head, plus I need to be stronger for the Elite Four."

"Forget about the Elite Four for a second." I ordered. Nova blinked in surprise, and looked up. "Seriously. We’ve been at this four hours, and I don’t think you can learn much more from finding two or three more ways to knock out a Fearow. If the Elite Four wasn’t an issue, what would you be doing right now? Instead of stressing and fighting with yourself, what would you do to relax and clear your head?"

Nova looked at me for a while, then looked down, and scratched his chin. "Honestly?"

"Honestly."

"…is there a hotel near here?"

###

"Carpe diem. Seize the day, boys. Make your lives extraordinary." Nova quoted, just a second before Robin Williams, grinning ear to ear.

"This is you, huh? You’re a cinephile."

"Cine-what?" Nova reluctantly turned his attention away from the screen, and gave me a look of confusion.

"Nothing." I laughed. Nova turned his attention back to the screen, his tail flicking back at forth as he watching the actors. While his choice in movies was superb (A Few Good Men, Pulp Fiction, and now The Dead Poet Society) it was odd seeing him completely at ease. His normally wide, fearful eyes were comfortably half-open, watching attentively, but calmly, and relaxed.

“We’re trying very hard to understand why it is you insist on defying us! Whatever the reason, we’re not going to let it ruin your life. Tomorrow, I’m withdrawing you from Welton and enrolling you in Braighton Military School.”

“But, that’s ten more years! Father, that’s a lifetime!”

“Oh, don’t be so dramatic! You make it sound like a prison term!”

"I hate this part." Nova frowned, and covered an eye.

"It’s important to the movie though."

"Well, of course. It conveys the intensity of emotion and the futility of trying to deny your own, about making meaningful choices and seizing opportunity, ‘sucking the marrow out of life’, but…" Nova sighed as the gun went off. "It’s still so sad. The realization. The pain. The last noble standing-on-the-desks, and ‘Captain My Captain’. I know it’s the pain that makes this movie so incredible, memorable, and impactful, but…ach. It hurts."

I stared at the screen biting back tears as the father demanded that his son ‘wake up’. "Yeah."

"Hey Josh?"

"Mmmm?"

"Thanks for…this." Nova motioned at the room. "I feel better. Not, like, fixed, but-"

"I know." I smiled. Nova crawled over and gave me a quick hug, before settling back down on the bed, settling back with a calm, happy sigh.

*380*2014-03-06 03:58

“Incorrect, it is weak. Electricity attacking grass.”

"N-normal."

“Incorrect, it is weak. Fire attacking steel.”

"Weak."

I maintained my composure, clenching my fist. “Incorrect. It is strong.”

"This is insulting!" Mew shouted, his fists flying up in fury. "Your little ‘weekend off’ is pointless for me! I am a god. If something stands in my way, I destroy it!"

“The sun is a hundred times the size of the earth, and shines with enough radiation to fry us all a thousand times over. Yet, we only feel a miniscule fraction of its heat due to its placement in space. Raw power means nothing without precision.”

Mew flexed his wrist, and a torrent of fire obliterated a nearby tree, blasting it into ashes, then creating a boom that emanated across the valley. "I have precision and power. I am creation and death. I am a god, and I will not be belittled by a mortal."

A Graveler peeked its head out of a nearby hole to inspect the noise. It growled, and walked towards us menacingly.

“Alright. Defeat that Graveler then.”

"Easily." Mew scoffed, shooting a large collection of electric bolts at the Graveler.

It’s tiny, beaded eyes didn’t even register the attack. Mew blinked in confusion before getting hit in the gut with a Roll-out, nearly getting smashed.

"Augh." Mew rose up and rubbed a layer of mud of his coat, then blasted the Graveler with a beam of ice. This time, the Graveler did take notice, though the beam seemed to do little more than aggravate the rocky beast as it bounced off. The Graveler turned and smashed against Mew again, rocking his foundation and sending him to the ground. Mew groaned and pushed himself to standing, shaking on his tiny paws. "Die!" He ordered, sending a wave of fire crashing against the Graveler, who merely shrugged it off as he continued to this third and final blow.

Mew was forcefully inserted into the ground, with imprints of the Graveler’s rocky flesh covering his body. I growled and tossed a poke-toy to the side as a distraction, and went to talk to Mew.

“You disappoint me.”

"I…I am a god…" Mew struggled to stand, me glaring from the mud.

“You were a god.” I spat.

"I am a god! I am creation! I travel with you on a whim; do not tempt me, fool, or I will leave you just as easily as I found you!"

“Then leave me, and die a hundred more times at the hands of an inferior enemy.”

Mew’s eyes burned with hate. “Mewtwo was my equal!”

“Funny how an equal bested you a hundred fold.”

"Silence!"

“And a hundred times again!”

"What do you want from me!?" Mew cried, paws shaking in nonsensical fury. "My lens of reality has been fractured. My memories erased, possibly for all eternity. My hopes are no longer my own, and I live in a body that this unfamiliar and alien! This mind has gaps of logic, and contains fallacies I don’t yet comprehend as false! What do you want from me!?"

“I want to help you.” I offered him a hand. Mew pouted, and looked at it dubiously. “If we are to be a team, you have to trust me, but more than that, you have to be at your best. We’re not fighting wild Pokémon in there – we’re fighting my gods. The people I’ve looked up to since I was a child. I see so much potential in you, but if you refuse to listen to me, there is nothing I can do.”

Mew was silent for a long moment, then took my hand. "I want to be strong again."

“I can help you.”

"I want to be revered again."

“I can get you there.”

"I want to challenge the strongest opponents this world has to offer."

I grinned my perfect, devilish smile. “I’ll have you fighting dragons.”

###

“Gyarados!”

"Lightningbolt!"

“Dragonite!”

"Icebeam!"

“Metagross!”

"Flamethrower!"

“And, Graveler!”

"Psystrike, and a flick for good measure!" Mew grinned, mimicking a swipe of his pinkish paw.

“How do you feel?”

"Powerful. Unstoppable."

“Good. We’re going to need every ounce of that.”

Mew nodded, the adrenalin of my rapid-fire questions slowly draining. "In actual combat, do you think I will be adequate, and that I will retain this newly found knowledge?"

“In actual battles, I’ll be instructing you. It’s also my job to heal the others and pay attention to what you can’t see, which is why it’s important for you to also know what to do. That being said, most of the time I’ll be giving you instructions and support.”

"I look forward to battling along your side." Mew nodded solemnly, his tail flicking back and forth.

###

"Woohoo!" Static screamed, twirling through the air on the back of a wild Fearow, clinging on for dear life as he shocked the bejesus of out the poor bird.

"Eat it, you pile of feathers! Hahahaha!"

"Watch out!" I laughed as the bird suddenly dived. Static bounced off it with expert precision, and the bird crashed into the ground unconscious.

"Ta-da!" Static grinned, giving me a little mock bow.

"Well. You’re ready." I laughed, leaning my arm down and inviting him to climb up.

Static needed no further incentive, and climbed up. "Hardly, but…thanks."

"What do you mean, ‘hardly’? Don’t tell me you’re going all Nova too!"

"‘Too’? Who else like Nova?"

"Mew was a bit down. We talked about-"

"Mew? He’s a freakin’ ANCIENT. What’s he got to be scared of? He’ll blast them all into bits!"

"Well, we worked on him blasting people into bits more efficiently. I think he’s still a bit unsure, but like Nova I think it’ll kick in once we start battling and winning."

Static smiled, but it was a bit off. "Well, that’s good."

I frowned. "What’s bothering you?"

Static sat on my shoulder, and sighed. "I shouldn’t be here, Josh."

"What are you talking about?"

"Look at your team for a moment. You have an Ancient, a Pseudo-Dragon, an extremely rare Illusionist, one of the best defensive Pokémon that exists, a

Raichu that use to fight for blood, and…me."

"What’s wrong with having you? You have more heart than anyone, Static!" I poked him in the belly, and he giggled somewhat. "You’ve been with me since the beginning!"

"Yes, but that’s the only reason I’m still here. I’ll try my best, yeah, but I’m no ancient. I’m no dragon. Three times I’ve needed to come through for you – the last two gyms and the Cave – I’ve fainted, Josh. It’s not training, and it’s not your fault or mine. It’s my species."

"There’s nothing wrong with your species! Nearly half of the trainers in Vermilion owned a Pikachu."

"Yeah, beginning trainers. How many Champions won with one?"

I bit my lip. He was right – I couldn’t name a single one.

"See?" he pressed. "I’m not saying I’m ‘going Nova’ or whatever, I’m just…I know I probably shouldn’t be here, that’s all."

"Static." I looked him in the eye, and he looked back with a sad, accepting gaze. "You more than anyone deserve a place at my side when we beat the Elite

Four together. You’re right – there are stronger Pokémon out there, but none as dedicated and as committed as you. You’re the one that has stuck by my side for all these years, and you’re the one that’s going to be at my side in the end. Don’t give up on me now."

Static leaned against my face and sighed. "I’m not giving up, I’m just…reminiscing, I guess. More than anything, I wish I could be stronger for you. For us.

For the group, and for our dream. Like Oxygen, without the…crazy evil stuff. I want to evolve." Static looked up. "I know it’s expensive and impossible, but…I don’t know. I guess I just wanted you to know."

I felt the familiar pain in my gut as I continued my lie to Static. How long had I kept this con going? Sandy’s disappointed gaze flashed in my memory. I tried to lie again, or at least half-lie, but the words wouldn’t form in my mouth. I settled for simply scratching him behind the ear, and he sighed contently.

"Thanks, Josh. I just…I needed to get that out there."

He deserved more than this. He deserved the truth.

"Static…" I started but trailed off, unsure of how to proceed.

"What’s up, Josh?"

"…Thunderstones aren’t a million dollars." I shut my eyes, awaiting the angry, justified retribution. "They’re about twenty, and they’re at the market we just flew from."

I didn’t know what would happen. I didn’t know what to expect, all I knew was that I deserved it.

"That’s…great news?" Static blinked, confused at my guilty demeanor. "Why don’t we just fly down and get it, then?" I watched anxiously as the pieces began to fit together in his mind. "Wait. Why didn’t you just tell me when we were there? Wh…why didn’t you just buy it? Why did they go down in price so much?"

If I was telling him the truth, I would tell him all of it. He deserved to know. "T-they didn’t go down in price. They’ve always been around twenty."

Static gave me a horrified look, and climbed off my shoulder.

"Y-you…" He began, starting at me with startled confusion. "You lied to me."

"…Yes."

He was silent for a long moment, just staring at the ground. "B…but why?"

"I was afraid you wouldn’t consider the choice fully. Power is one thing to consider, but-"

"But it was my choice to make!" Static yelped. I shrunk back. "Right? This is my body, shouldn’t I get to choose what happens to it?"

"Y-yes. I was, I was wrong-"

"More than that! You lied, Josh! You lied to me!"

"I had reasons to suspect-"

"Your reasons are bullshit!" Static waved his arms angrily.

"-that you would choose based on what you thought I would want, instead of what you wanted."

"That doesn’t even make sense!"

"Listen-"

"NO! You listen!" Static demanded, smashing his paw against the ground. "At the core of this, at the center, at the very freaking beginning, this is built on trust. It wasn’t about learning how to attack, it wasn’t about learning how to dodge, it was about listening to you and trusting you. I cannot believe we are having this conversation while standing within a stone’s throw of the Elite Four itself!"

"I-I’m sorry-"

"I don’t care right now." Static shouted. "Is this my choice, or not!?"

"Yes, but-"

"I don’t care!" Static cut me off again. "Don’t cloud this! It’s simple. Is it my choice, or not?"

"Yes." I gulped. "Yes, it’s your choice."

"Then return me to my pokeball, go fly down to Celadon, and get me my Thunderstone."

"But Static-"

"DO IT." He ordered, his eyes burning with betrayal and anger. I returned him to his pokeball, and sighed with regret.

Skarr blinked with confusion when I sent him out, noticing my pained expression. "What do you need?"

"I…I need to get to Celadon, to fix an old mistake."

Skarr didn’t need a better reason. "Hop aboard."

###

(Static POV)

Josh released me farther away then he normally did. Probably to give him some time to talk or something. It was a stupid gesture, and I tried my best to ignore it while bounding up to him.

"Static, before we do this-"

"Give me the stone." I ordered, extending my paw impatiently.

"You’re not thinking this through!"

"It isn’t your right to decide what choices I make! Give me the damn stone."

Josh shuddered. "Just, please…give me some time to talk."

"You have a minute."

Josh took a shaky breath. "I’m worried it’ll change you, Stat. For the worse. Not only will you become a different fighter, you’ll become a different person.

You’ll still have all the memories, but not the same emotions. Feelings. You won’t be the same Static that I grew up with, snuck meals with. I won’t be able to carry you anymore. It won’t be you anymore…"

"Are you done?"

"Yeah." Josh swallowed hard, offering me the stone.

I knocked it out of his hand, and into the grass at his feet. It rolled a little, then stopped at his shoe. Josh picked it up slowly, finally letting out a sigh of understanding. "You never wanted the stone."

"No. The entire reason I wanted to evolve was for you. To get better for you." I jabbed my finger into his shin. "I don’t understand why you think I’m better off as a Pikachu then as a Raichu, but I choose to trust your judgment because that’s what I do. I trust you. To hell and back and all of that. And that’s why we’re going to win."

"I’m sorry for lying to you, Static."

"You’re an idiot." I looked up, and smiled weakly. "But I forgive you. Now, the next time you send me out, I want to be battling, you hear?"

"I hear you."

"Aright! And Josh?"

"Yeah Static?"

"I love you, man." I clawed up his leg, and hugged me fiercely with his tiny paws.

He hugged me back just as fiercely. "I love you too, Stat."

"Alright. Now let’s go make our dreams a reality."

###

(Josh POV)

"So, how do you want your week to go, Myst?"

"Depends. How’s Nova?"

"He’s…alright."

"Just alright?"

Watching movies, and laughing with Nova was cathartic; the way he smiled genuinely when a classic line was repeated, or his bubbly laugh when a character gave a witty reply – I could tell it was him. He could strike down the Fearows swooping about the Valley with one claw, and breathe blasts of fire some dragons could envy…

…but his deepest enemy was himself. I felt spent – I didn’t understand the trouble plaguing him, and I felt the best solution would be to simply continue building him up. In the face of repeated success, how could he doubt himself?

My gut rocked back and forth as I gave a mediocre "Yeah, he’s alright". It tasted a lie.

Myst stared back at me with curious, but cautious gaze. "I…would wish to spend my week with him."

"Oh?"

"I believe I could motivate him in ways that you may be unable to-" I snorted, and Myst gave an angry blush. "Are you quite finished?"

"Yes, yes. I apologize." I giggled, trying to maintain a serious expression.

"Males." Myst glared at me as I clenched my teeth, trying not laugh. "Ways motivating him that don’t need to be inherently sexual. I would like to try; I may succeed or I may fail, but I believe it to be a good use of our time if it has the chance to unlock Nova’s potential."

"Okay, I’m fine with that; it seems like a good idea. Would you two prefer to be alone?"

"You can watch us train if you would like." Myst shrugged, looking to the side as if weighing options in her mind.

"I suppose that was the wrong question." I cleared my throat redundantly. "Do you feel comfortable training with Nova in my absence, or do you feel as if my presence is mandatory for this idea to succeed?"

Myst bowed, her eyes flashing with confidence. "I have full confidence in our abilities, my liege."

"I’ll leave you two to it, then."

*381*2014-03-13 02:47

(Myst POV)

I remember laughter. I was so serious at first, but there was something about him that made me lose all sense of severity and thoughtfulness. I don’t remember what we said before; all I recall is the laughter, rolling around in the crisp, clean grass of the valley, clutching each other tightly as we tumbled at gravity’s whim.

The universe was a blur of spinning color and mirth, trading between shades of greens and adorable, giggly oranges. At last, we rolled to a stop, panting and catching our breath. I felt Nova’s hand eclipse my own as we both lay disoriented, staring up into the spinning, blurred blue sky.

“We’re going to hurt ourselves.” I giggled, the sky gradually slowing.

“It’s worth it, to recapture that day.” Nova hummed to my side, rubbing my paw in his own. He turned to me and leaned against my side, his warm fur brushing against my own. “I’m glad you choose this. I thought we had to choose training or something, otherwise I would’ve chosen to hang out with you too, I just thought-”

I lazily reached around and placed my paw in his mouth. To Nova it was simply playful, and a way of covertly telling him he was blathering, but to me it was so much more. Turning over. A hurdle I had struggled with my entire life, now accessible at a mere whim of my hand. Nova bit my hand teasingly and placed it on his chest with a contented sigh.

“Hey Nova?” I turned, eyeing my small, adorable Charizard.

“Mmmm?”

“How do you feel, now that we’re at the Elite Four?”

Nova rested a paw under his head, and gazed up at the sky. “I dunno. The same, I guess. Maybe a bit worse; I mean, stuff matters now. If I failed before, we could just re-try. If I fail now...”

I turned, and faced him with a frustrated smirk. “You’ve never failed. You know that right? Literally, since I have met you, I have never seen you fail. Ever.”

“Thanks.” Nova smiled, but his heart wasn’t into it. “I just…whenever I think about battling when it matters, my stomach turns into knots. I remember all the other times, but…I don’t know. I can’t harness that confidence I felt back then…”

“Then fake it.” I shrugged.

Nova smirked. “I don’t think that’s healthy.”

“No, what’s not healthy is a constant sense of unworthy and inadequacy.” Nova cringed and tried to look away, but I scooted closer and tilted his head to face my own. “Hey. I’m not mad at you.”

“I-I’m just, I can’t help it. It’s just the kind of person I am.”

“And what is a person?” I climbed on top of my furry little dragon, and rested my head on his chest.

“I-I don’t know? A collection of emotions?”

“A collection of roles.” I smirked, gazing upon him with a lazy scarlet eye.

“Huh?”

“Think of it. How you act in my company, kind, playful. Then, in Josh’s presence. The timid, but resilient. In a gym? Powerful, but reserved.

Different roles, making up who you are.”

“How would you know so much about roles?” Nova asked, raising an eyebrow.

“We have a different name for them in my tribe. Nithaki -- masks. We perfect these across our lives, presenting different ones to each person we meet. My illusions aren’t simply refractions of light – they’re how I convey emotion, status, and feeling.”

Nova sat quietly, waiting for me to continue.

“Ever notice how I seem smaller in Josh’s presence, putting loyalty and honor at the forefront? How my fur turns black at the sight of an enemy instead of its hues of gray, and how my eyes go from ruby to blood?”

“And what form do you take when you’re with me?” Nova whispered, tracing a finger through my fur.

I smirked. “My point is, all we are is a collection of roles, masks. If you want to be better, then simply…be better.”

Nova frowned. “It’s not that simple for me.”

“Then don’t be you. Be someone else.” I shrugged. Nova gave me a curious look. “Actors, on a stage. Maybe they’re timid, or nervous, but they aren’t, because their roles are not timid or nervous. They are whatever their role is, because that is what they need to be.”

“Actors…” Nova mumbled to himself.

“Think it over, Nova. Who do you want to be?”

Nova thought for a moment, curling me up in a hug. “Someone…strong. Powerful, confident. Someone who wouldn’t hesitate to call themselves a dragon, who is fierce, fearless, and unstoppable.”

“And what would their name be?” I purred.

Nova scrunched his face in thought. “Something…something related to my name. Stars, space, fire and stuff.”

“Supernova?”

“Ehh. This person isn’t better than me, just different. He’s not a ‘super’ version of me.”

“Hmmmm. What about, like your opposite? Like a vortex or something?”

“Vortex.” Nova nodded, smiling widely. “Yeah. That’s the one.”

###

(Josh POV)

"You don’t trust me."

He weaved in and out of foes attacks as if he was made of liquid. Calling him fast would be a lie; he was neither fast nor slow, he was the exact speed he needed to be in the situation. There were times I swore I saw him get smashed by a Graveler’s fist, but he always escaped unscathed, and counter-attack with precision and perfection. Despite their same heritage, Oxygen fought nothing like Static. Static was headstrong and fierce, but Oxygen was something more. His fighting style wasn’t fighting, it was art, reborn on the battlefield.

"No. I don’t."

I was honest. I enjoyed being honest, and here I had no reason to lie. He may be the strongest Pokémon I had, but that hadn’t meant he had earned a place on our team. I recalled my week with Mew, saying that power was nothing without control. Here, I felt as if I couldn’t control Oxygen. He was an unpredictable piece on a chessboard that I had worked so long to turn to my favor.

"I suppose I would consider you a fool if you did." Oxygen turned away, and glanced at his tail. A small strap of cloth was tied around the midsection of his tail; a cautionary reminder of what almost was.

"Do you consider Static a fool?"

Oxygen thought for a moment, tracing his paw over the cloth. "…Yes."

I suppose I valued his honesty, even if it was at Static’s expense. I motioned towards his tail. "How does it feel?"

"Different." Oxygen frowned. "It’s longer now, and the weight is off. Makes me feel unbalanced. I’ll get used to it, I suppose. Don’t have a choice."

We stood in tense silence for a moment. It had been like this for the better part of two days, training, with mixes of uncomfortable silence and even more uncomfortable conversation.

"I know how I want to spend the rest of my time." Oxygen announced.

"Oh?"

"I am…unable to say how much I want this." Overdose shivered, clenching his paw. "How much I want to make an impact in this world, but I can still show you. For the remainder of my time, I want to battle the others. I want to show them my conviction, and let them express their anger and betrayal at me through combat. I want to test their mettle against my own."

I rubbed my chin. "You think fighting them will change their mind?"

"I think there’s a chance, and at this point, I’ll take what I can get."

###

Myst was the first to volunteer. We found a relatively flat section of green at the bottom of the valley, and everyone was staring with eager anticipation as Oxygen and Myst glowered at each other, circling like sharks.

"You should know, I have no personal vendetta against you." Myst mentioned almost casually.

"You hate me. You hate me just like the others, for what I’ve done." Oxygen grimaced. "You were one of the first to ostracize me, and to claim I was unworthy of joining your group."

"Oh, no. I don’t hate you at all, I just think you’re unstable. Trust me, when you’ve spent a lifetime in the shadows, all you see are shades of gray." Her red eyes sparkled, and her fur blackened as she spoke. "I no longer think of myself as able to hate, only able to judge who I can trust, and who I can deceive. I don’t believe you as either of those two, and thus, I have no reason to associate myself or my comrades with the likes of you."

"I have power, and skill. I can be an asset." Oxygen offered.

"What is strength, compared to cunning?" A Myst stepped out of the first, smirking with confidence.

"What is power, compared to precision?" another pondered, appearing out of the second.

"What is force, without control?" a fourth asked, stepping out of the first. Four Mysts smirked in unison, strutting towards Oxygen with eyes of dangerous maroon.

"I’ll show you what I’m capable of." Oxygen snarled, pounding a fist into its twin, and duplicating his own form with Double Team.

"A battle of mirrors, then?" One of the Mysts scoffed. "You should know I have ways of seeing through lies." The mimics each glared warily at each other, with Myst’s moving cautiously and independently, and Oxygen’s in a strict formation.

Suddenly, one of the Mysts dove onto an Oxygen seemingly at random with trailing black shadow flying off her claws. That Oxygen dissolved into nothingness, and another leapt forward to strike at the ‘real’ Myst, electricity pulsing at the end of his tail.

He struck the Myst in the side, but that too disappeared into nothingness. Oxygen cringed, now exposed.

"Tsk. You should know to always leave your last illusion for yourself." Myst grinned, striking Overdose in the gut. Her eyes went wide as she hit nothing but air, overextended her fist.

"A lesson I learned long ago." a booming voice spoke behind her, smashing an extremely real tail into the square of her back. She cried in surprise, bouncing against dirt and gravel as electricity coursed through her fur. "You know I can be an asset." Oxygen continued, earning a growled from Myst who grudgingly pushed her way to standing. "And after all, who are you to judge me, self-proclaimed thief and liar?"

"When sleep comes at night, I fall effortlessly into its grasp. When the earth whispers my name, and my sleep shall become eternal, I shall heed it’s words without fear. Can you say the same, ‘Oxygen’?" Myst mocked, standing on all fours, and glowing with white light. "Or do you fear death, and the Judgment for you sins?"

She started growing. Ten feet, twenty, until she was bigger than Sandy’s cottage. She was nearly the size of a mansion when she stopped, her now white fur glowing with radiance as hard streaks of yellow and gold circled around her.

She became Arceus.

"Do you fear Judgment?" She boomed, smashing a massive foot against the grass next to Oxygen, splintering the ground with a wave of blackness. Oxygen dodged to the side, his pupils the size of pinpricks as he stared at the metaphysical reincarnation of his maker. "Do you fear death?" The Arceus swept his head down like a scythe, catching Oxygen in the chest in a wave of obsidian colored energy. It cracked into him like a wave, crashing against his side and throwing him to the ground below.

"You’re all masks and lies!" Oxygen growled, bounding upwards to face the now-black Arceus head on.

"Are you anything else?" The Arceus countered, raising another massive foot. "Overdose, then Oxygen. Murderer, then charity-case. What role do you truly play, and which mask do you choose as your face?" Oxygen dove to the side, narrowly avoiding a house-sized crater created by the pseudo-Arceus. "Look at you run. When I look at you, all I see is cruelty! Why should you earn our pity?"

Oxygen dove under another massive foot and leapt at the sole, catching a startled Myst out of thin air and dissipating the god-like illusion.

"Because I am learning to see truth." Oxygen then smashed Myst back into the ground, and held his tail like a knife at her throat.

Myst laughed hollowly. "That’s it, then. You’ve bested me. Go ahead, take your kill. Taken it like all the others you’ve murdered."

"I want to fix the world, not destroy it."

"What are you looking for from me? Absolution? Redemption? You’re a sinner praying to a heretic. I lost my way long ago, friend, and I’ve found comfort in the way of the damned."

Oxygen removed his tail from her throat, and extended his paw. "Maybe I’m just looking for understanding right now, and believe me, I know I’m asking a lot."

Myst gazed at the hand, snorting and pushing it herself to standing without it. "I appreciate the gesture, but no, not yet."

Overdose sighed reluctantly, then turned to a sullen face at me. "Who’s next?"

###

(Nova POV)

"I just, I don’t see why this is necessary. Shouldn’t we be working together?" I shrugged as Myst pushed me onto the battlefield.

"Please." Oxygen held one paw in its twin in a weird attempt to look vulnerable and sincere. "I know there is bad blood between us, and I…I want to overcome it."

"There isn’t a need, though." I explained. "There’s no bad blood here. You, you just were in a bad circumstance, and made some bad choices. It’s over – you’re better now, and you’re turning your life around. I just, I-I don’t harbor any resentment towards you."

"You’re lying." Oxygen frowned.

I felt my face heat up at the accusation, and I fought it back down. "I’m not, I just-"

"Nova!" Myst thought to me in private. "Don’t fight it. Don’t be you. Remember?"

“Vortex…” I whispered quietly to myself.

"Don’t let your emotions block you, let his guide you." She urged.

"Tell me how you truly feel." Oxygen’s tail flicked behind him, eager to engage me.

"Honestly?" A feeling of heat rose again in my chest. "You nearly killed one of my closest friends. You caused Josh to suffer for days, and because of you, my love was sent to the bowels of hell to retrieve an innocent that your entourage forced to act as your hostage. You are a fowled, evil, broken man, who used his past to wound others for pleasure!"

"I am trying to mend the wounds I have caused." Oxygen tensed.

"Wounds do not mend so simply!" A torrent of fire blasted from my mouth, searing the grass under my foe as he twisted and dodged my flames. "Heat may melt the skin and mend wounds faster than you; shall I try to fix your broken soul through Dragon Fire?"

Oxygen knelt and sent a stream of electricity into my wings. I had forgotten they were even there until I felt the electricity course through them, wracking me with shivers and spasms.

Ah! Th-this isn’t working, I can’t hit him; he’s too strong!

No, that’s my thoughts. What would Vortex think?

I sucked in a massive breath, and blasted the valley with a sea of white, brilliant fire. Overdose was caught in its core, and took the full brunt of the attack, burning with the force and might of my ancestors. He cursed loudly, using the smoke and haze of my attack to his advantage, charging at me, swirling his tail like one would a spiked chain. Oxygen raced around another gout of my flame, and bashed me with his tail, or attempted to. I caught the thunderbolt of his tail with my claws and crunched my fist around it, ignoring the screaming pain from my muscles as scorching electricity bounded through my bicep. Without even trying, my eyes shone white as I threw him to the ground, and crushed him under my foot. Long, fierce draconic claws grew out of my fist, and I aimed them at his throat.

Oxygen stared back at the claws, his eyes patient but wary. "I’m just trying to make amends. Trying to remind some of the pain I caused, and maybe…form a bond between you all, if I can."

"Gods do not associate themselves with wurms." I spat, cursing him in a draconic tongue. "There will never be a bond between us, and the only thing that douses my wrath is the will of my friends. Though I may fight alongside you, you will never be my ally."

I withdrew my claws, and stepped off him. Josh hadn’t yet called a victor, but I knew there was no ambiguity. I hadn’t just won, I demolished him. He never stood a chance.

*385*2014-03-20 19:09

(Oxygen POV)

I wiped the sweet potion off my lips with an arm, leaving a trail of crust as the sticky residue left my maw and stained my fur. "Who’s next?"

"I’ll show you your place." the metallic bird spoke, walking casually where Nova once stood.

I gave an exasperated grin. "I would prefer it if my place was here, at your side…"

Skarr remained silent, eyeing me slowly.

"Where do think I belong, Skarmory?" I asked cautiously, my tail coiling and uncoiling behind me with a life of its own.

Skarr brushed his wing against his skull, silencing public thoughts. Now, he was just communicating with me.

"Fair. Don’t want the others to hear that you secretly approve me joining your team?" I quipped.

An unpreened feather slowly slid out of place on the silver avian, sharper than the keenest blade, and dripping with dark, fowl venom. "I believe individuals such as yourself should be euthanized for the good of society."

The metaphor of the poison dripping down his wings hit a bit too close to home, and shook me down to my core. "That’s…rather extreme."

"Your actions were ‘rather extreme’. Should we not respond in kind?"

"So much for ‘forgive and forget’, right?"

"I don’t claim my actions are right, only that they are justified." Skarr thrust his wing forward, and I dodged out of the way, smacking him with my tail. He crashed into the dirt, grimaced, and pushed himself off with a wing. Electricity bounded down his form as he crumpled again, and I grinned as my power binded to his muscles, temporarily giving him a minor form of paralysis.

"You’re going to have to do better that, bird. If you’re so keen on my death, you may want to post-pone it a few days, at least until after the Elite four." I mocked. "It looks like you may need me."

"Pain makes you stronger. Lack of pain cripples you. Calm winds make for poor endurance."

"What-" I tried to retort, but I cringed as a wave of nausea and cold overcame me, causing me to double over. Something purple dribbled down my face, and onto my paw.

He hit me. That bastard hit me, and I didn’t even feel it.

The feeling faded, though I felt weaker than before. The Skarmory stood cautiously, healing himself as he watched me grow weaker.

"You’re stronger than this!" I screamed, sending a stream of electricity into the bird-shaped lightning rod. He didn’t even attempt to dodge, and took the entire bolt. His healing powers flickered, but remained active. "Why won’t you fight me!?"

"I don’t need to be fight you to win." Skarr shrugged, watching with cool indifference as I fought another wave of poison. "I just need to outlast you."

"T-this isn’t the goal of this! Understanding, empathy…"

"I understand you perfectly fine." Skarr blinked slowly, his eyes full of scorn and judgment. I let another burst of electricity out, frying the bird, but to no avail. His burned feathers restored themselves in a second, with a pristine, polished glow. "Resisting will only make you look more pathetic to the others."

"I refuse to give up! I refuse to fall! Until my last breath, I will fight you to make you understand!" I growled, sending out another blast of lightning. Skarr winced and took it, but his healing energy shattered as his paralysis took hold, preventing him from curing himself properly. I pressed my advantage, shocking him further and harder than before. Within a moment, his healing sphere was back. We were once again at a standstill; he healed all the damage I dealt, but he couldn’t heal that first thunderbolt. As a result, and despite his constant healing, he was still quite wounded.

"How ironic that fortune favors the villain!" Skarr spat, healing himself as much as he could. His blackened feathers now remained blackened, but he refused to grow any worse despite my attempts to shock him into unconsciousness. "Fall, damn you! I can stand like this for all eternity, but you have a finite amount of time before the poison takes hold, and renders you blind to the world! Surrender!"

"I’m willing to bet I can withstand your toxins longer than you can stave off your paralysis!"

Skarr wincing as jolts of electricity binded his muscles, yet he refused their crying plea to lock in place. At last it was too much, and his muscles all cramped at once, giving way to my last bolt of electricity. He fell to the floor, blackened and defeated.

"You may have bested my body, but you will never best my mind. I will never see you as anything but an adversary!" He spat, cringing on the floor as his muscles convulsed.

"I could help you win. I’m strong. Powerful. Skilled. You could use someone like me."

"And use we may." he croaked. "But though you may fight by our side, you will never be our friend."

###

(Mew POV)

"I don’t quite see why this is necessary." I giggled. "Honestly, I never even knew you before we met in the cavern. I feel only love towards you, like I do all my creations."

"You didn’t create me." Oxygen bristled.

"Well, not directly."

Oxygen frowned, coiling his tail. "Do you believe I can be an asset?"

"I don’t believe your power was ever in question. Your trustworthiness, perhaps, and perhaps your capacity for logic."

Oxygen processed this. "Did you just call me stupid?"

"No." I smirked. "Why would you think that?"

Faster than I could see, his tail flung into my stomach and electrocuted the breath out of my lungs. I cringed, floating to the side to avoid further assault. Electricity coiled around me, binding to my muscles just like Skarr.

"Arrogance is why gods fall." Oxygen smirked, coiling his tail and waiting for another opening.

"Arrogance is why mortals die." I growled. Electricity coiled around his muscles as well, binding him and locking up his joins. He screamed, more in surprise than pain.

"W-what have you done!? I-I can’t be paralyzed!" he yelped, attempting to rid himself of the pesky electricity, but only managing to move in a jerky, twisting motion.

"And here I thought you wanted empathy." I gave a cruel smile, extending my hand as a jet of flame engulfed the muscle-locked Raichu. He screamed, unable to dodge as the flames fried him alive.

He limped out of the fire, collapsing in the grass in a show of surrender. I floated over casually, wincing as my body twitched and spasmed.

"I…I don’t understand…" He gulped, his fur raw and singed.

"We know."

###

(Static POV)

"I don’t want to do this."

"You don’t have to if you don’t want to, Static." Josh gave me a reassuring nod.

"Please. Just, like, to get our emotions out there. For you to see what I’m capable of." Oxygen pleaded.

I shivered. "…Dude. Not to be an ass or anything, but I know what you’re capable of."

Oxygen swallowed hard, and looked away.

"Plus, like, I support you joining us. What are you trying to prove?"

"…I don’t know. Not that I’m worthy of this, but…that it’s worth your guys’ time. That I won’t backstab you half-way through the Elite Four and quit or something. That my reasons are good, and that I’ve really changed."

"You don’t have to convince me. I believe you."

"You’re lying." Oxygen almost pouted, his paws curled at his sides.

"No…I’m really not."

"I almost killed you! Twice!"

"Honestly, I barely remember it." I winced. "I remember hurting and floating in the ocean, but that’s kind of it. I don’t have trouble forgiving you because I don’t really care. I was more worried about Josh not having a good time at the battle park then I was concerned with you."

"Static…" Josh sighed, with some trace of melancholy and regret. I smiled at him, and he seemed sated for the moment.

"I was upset because I was the victim, but now that I’m not…" I raised my paws in a shrug. "I don’t really care about you. I don’t really care if you want to go help some charity somewhere, or you’re trying to better yourself. I just want to beat the Elite Four with Josh and the others, and live in the Battle Park with Wiggly, fighting every day and living up high. If you can help us get there, then hop aboard."

Oxygen tried to digest what I had said, but in the end he simply shook his head. "I…I don’t believe someone could just forgive what I did so easily."

I didn’t really know what to say. Josh was always the one that gave the speeches, and here I just kinda feeling lost. I didn’t know what to say to make him feel better – did I even want to make him feel better? – and I just stood in the meadow feeling useless as the sun slowly dipped in the sky.

"Okay, then." Josh announced. "What is the consensus then? How does everyone feel about bringing Overd-" Josh frowned, and put a hand to his lips.

"Sorry. Bringing Oxygen with us tomorrow?"

"What Static says is Law. It was his pain; he decides." Skarr spoke, surprising me. The others nodded, and turned to me.

"Sure. We need all the help we can get." I extended my paw, waiting for a handshake. What I got was a hug, full force, crushing in intensity and admiration.

“T…thank you…” Oxygen chocked, his voice cracking as he held me in the embrace. "I-I know I don’t deserve it, but-"

"Earn it, then." I grinned. "Beat the Elite Four with us at your side, and prove to us that you’ve changed."

Oxygen wiped his snout with a paw, and with the other smashed my paw in a fist-bump. "You got it, man. Next stop, the top."

*388*2014-03-30 02:56

(Urp! Sorry no update this week -- spring break with family, and no time to write ;_;. Expect more this week, though! "3)

*390*2014-04-04 19:28

Every step. Every battle, every trial, every victory and every defeat lead up to this moment. I shivered, overwhelmed.

"You ready?" Static shook with excitement, standing on my shoulder and holding my hair for balance. The others stood at my side, each giddy with anticipation.

"Yeah." I answered, stepping through the plastic red line. I was now in the Elite Four arena. The guard gave a slow, approving nod, and I giggled like a school child in response.

He smiled politely. “Please don’t melt the ice.”

“Sorry?”

“You’ll understand soon, sir.” He motioned to the open doorway ahead. Grinning a huge, ridiculous grin, I walked inside.

The temperature dropped drastically as we walked into the room. Ice glistened off the floor and the walls, meshing into one another in a smooth, near-transparent sheet.

My breath materialized before me, and I zipped up my jacket. "Skarr, any way you can see above that wall?"

"I…I don’t think it ends." Skarr shivered. "I think it just melds into the ceiling."

Nova tugged on my jeans. "I could blast a hole!"

"Valid idea, but the guard just-"

"It could be a test!" Nova chirped. "Just to see how willing you are to abide by meaningless rules?"

"True…" I relented. "Still, I would prefer to get through this without breaking it. We’ll save that for our last resort, all right?"

"Okay."

I wasn’t the only one shivering. Static clung to me harshly, unaccustomed to such fierce cold. Oxygen was likely also suffering, yet he simply grit his teeth and forged onward. Skarr wrapped his wings around himself. Myst simply stood close to Nova, who appeared to be fairing the best of all of us.

"It branches." Oxygen spat. I turned the corner, and sure enough, the path split in two. Even worse, I noticed that further down the right path, it split again.

"It’s a maze." Skarr groaned, rubbing his wings together for warmth.

"I could scout ahead, if you would like." Myst offered.

"Thank you Myst, but I would prefer if we stay together."

She shrugged. "As you wish."

"In fact, there’s no reason you all should suffer through this." I continued. "I’m more than capable of figuring this out for myself, and you all should be at your peak for the battles ahead."

"You’ll freeze!" Nova squeaked.

"Well, how are you fairing Nova?"

"I’m a bit cold, I guess?" He gave me a concerned pout.

"Nova and yourself should traverse this maze." Myst announced. "He can keep you warm. The rest of us should wait until we’re needed to strike."

"Any objections?" No one spoke up. "Okay then. Wish us luck."

"Luck." Static frowned, staring at his Pokéball with a touch of regret. "Be careful, all right?"

"Will do." I returned everyone but Nova to their Pokéballs. "Hey Nova, mental puzzle. Which direction would you go?"

Nova stared into the icy path for a moment before shrugging. "Left, I guess?"

"Why?"

"…To make a choice? I don’t know. Unless we could see the entirety of the maze, or we knew the layout beforehand, each way is equally likely to be the right one. There’s no way to know."

"There is one way." I smirked, taking the left path.

"Oh? How?" Nova bounced up behind me, breathing a small burst of fire to keep us warm.

"If you stick to one wall of a maze you’re bound to reach the end. Well, eventually."

"What do you mean?"

"If we always choose one direction – in this case left – we’ll eventually reach the end. It’s just how mazes are constructed."

Nova frowned. "I don’t understand."

"I’ll show you a picture of what I mean later. For now, just trust me, okay?"

"Okay!"

Nova’s flame helped, but after walking for some time I stopped noticing the chill. First sign of frostbite. I frowned, checking my hands every so often and rubbing them together to stay warm. "How are you doing, Nova?" I asked, both to ensure his safety and to keep up conversation.

"Good. My wings kind of hurt, though." He winced, breathing a small gout of flame for my benefit.

"Wings? Because of the cold?"

"No, because of the walls. I use to walk with them extended to kind of shield you from the cold a bit, but now the walls are too narrow, so I have to walk with them half-open." He frowned, bending sideways to extend one at full extension, then did the same to the other wing. "They’re cramping a bit."

I thought for a moment, rubbing my hands together. "Hmmm, perhaps if you walked sideways-"

Wait. Why was he able to walk with his wings fully extended then, and not now?

Nova turned his head, confused. "What’s wrong, Josh?"

This is not good. "…I think the maze is shrinking."

"I don’t think so, I think we just took a more narrow passage."

I bit my lip. "I think you’re right, but just to make sure, I’m going to make a scuff mark in the ice next to the wall. We’ll stay here for a second, and make sure the scuff mark is the same distance, just to make sure."

Nova nodded. "Good thinking!"

"No. If you’re right I’m wasting time, and if I’m right, we’re wasting time getting crushed. The idea is awful, I just can’t think of a better one."

"It’s still a good idea." Nova encouraged me with a pat of his wing. He scratched a thin line in the ice with his claws, and we watched the wall patiently.

To our mutual horror, the wall crept up, and overtook the line.

"Shit." I cursed, both mentally and orally, grabbing Nova by the paw and racing down the maze.

Nova squealed behind me, his warmth forgotten as I raced through the freezing maze. "Wait! Which way are we going to go!?"

"Left! Always left!"

"But I thought that only worked if we had time!"

I grit my teeth. "…You’re right, but I don’t have a better solution!"

The walls moved faster now, and I could see their physical progress. I had never been claustrophobic before, but I now had a keen sense of what they felt when they described ‘the walls closing in’. I ran as fast as I could down a curving passageway, with Nova trailing behind.

I almost smashed into it. Dead end. I whirled around to see a terrified Nova, looking at me with horror. The walls pressed into my shoulders, and my heart raced inside my chest.

My mind whirled with thoughts. "Nova! I’m going to return you to your ball. Should I die, the walls might not close completely, leaving you and the others unharmed!"

Nova screamed something in his normal voice, forgoing the poke speak completely in a look of horror. I had seconds. The wall crunched into my shoulders, and I turned sideways to gain precious, precious time. I reached into my belt and pulled out his Pokéball.

The floor gave way. I was suddenly in freefall, with a wide-eyed Nova diving after me. We had never flown before, and he caught me with his arms instead of his back. He shielded me suddenly with his wings, and we crashed against something hard and unforgiving.

###

I groaned. "…are you alright?"

Nova stood up, dusting himself off. "I’m okay. Did I do alright? I’ve never tried to fly with anyone before…"

"You were great." I bit my tongue, trying to not let the pain influence my thoughts. "Thank you."

“Fancy flying, trainer.” Someone scoffed. I winced and stood, taking in the room. Similar to the cerulean gym, the entire thing was a large pool of water. Land trimmed the edges, and two icebergs floated on either side, hinting at the frigid temperature of the water. The walls looked cave-like, sparkling with ice and precious gems, with stalagmites of ice hanging precariously from the ceiling.

“Funny.” I scowled. “Does the floor only release in certain spots, or was it rigged to give at a moment of sacrifice?”

The woman smirked. Her hair was a deep maroon, which complemented her dark, almost black swimsuit. She had large, thin framed glasses, which carried an aura of confidence and knowledge as she pushed them up her thin nose. “They trigger when you’re about to die. It isn’t a test at all – each trial is a lesson, designed by each member of the Elite Four.”

“What lesson could that possibly teach?” I fumed. “The maze was too large to transverse logically, and with the introduction the aspect of death so close to the Cave, people will instantly assume it’s real! What’s the goal – to run chaotically through it until your heart fails or you get crushed to death!?”

“Calmness, under pressure.” The woman cocked her head in a mock bow. “Now – to whom do I have the honor of battling?”

“My name is Josh Karren.” I stood fiercely with my arms at my sides, ignoring the extreme cold. I knew that everything in the Elite four was kept under the strictest confidence, and I had no fear of my identity being discovered. Likewise, the identity of the Elite Four and the champion especially were all hidden.

“What is your name, if I may?”

“I am Lorelei, First Master of the Elite Four.” She purred. “I represent wisdom and focus. I believe that all things can be discovered through knowledge and devotion.”

“Hmmm.” I put my hands in my pockets, trying to keep some semblance of warmth. “I assumed your ideals would pertain to ice, or at least water.”

“The environment we battle in, and the types of Pokémon I choose are merely means to an end.” Lorelei flicked a strand of hair that had gotten out of place. “Water types are the most stable Pokémon; all of their statistics such as defense, special attack, and speed are all equivalent. This means they have no true weaknesses, but also no strengths.” She smiled, the light glimmering off the ice and shining off her glasses. “Ice, however, is extremely powerful, but also extremely frail. Combining the two is simply logical – power without weakness.”

“Yet you are only the First Master of Five.” I countered. “If this were true, wouldn’t you be the Champion?”

“My ideals are correct, my execution and personal abilities are what need refining.” She bowed. “However, when you lose to me, you will have the honor of knowing that you lose to Lorelei – First Master of the Elite Four, and Future Champion of Kanto.”

I grinned. “I’ll break through your false ideals like ice.”

“Go, Dewgong. Show him the power of the Northern Seas!”

“Go, Static! Show her the weakness of trusting a single element!”

###

(Static POV)

Go time.

Everything was covered in ice, and it was cold as hell. Still, blood pumped through my heart, and I was ready for any challenge. There was water everywhere, and I saw a weird seal-thing peeking out from under an iceberg. It looked like a mix between a stunted unicorn and a mole, and sounded just as pleasant.

"Won’t you join me in the water?" It hummed slowly, almost stupidly. "It feels fantastic, I promise. Warm, almost tropical."

I stuck out my tongue. "Why don’t you join me on land, so I can shock the bejesus out of you easier, and so you’ll reverse-drown?"

"I breathe air, you ignorant rat."

"Then why do you live in water? That’s stupid."

Both of our trainers were waiting for the other to give an order. Attacking was simple and fairly straightforward, but once it was executed it was difficult to stop. Sometimes, choosing to defend early was a better option, as it gave the opportunity to counterattack. All of this sounded like garbage to me, and I would have normally ignored it, but given the fact that the stupid seal-thing was under an iceberg I couldn’t exactly use Fake Out right off the bat like I would like.

"Wait for a move." Josh said. "If she’s far away, Thunderbolt, and if she’s close, Brick Break."

"Why wouldn’t I use Thun-, wait, she? How the hell…?"

"Size of the horn."

"Oh, okay. So, like, smaller horns are females?"

"Actually, the reverse is true. While males use it to fence and determine mates, females actually have the longer horns, for breaking through ice and for protecting the young."

"That’s stupid."

Josh rolled his eyes. "Just focus."

The trainer and Josh looked like they were speaking. I grumbled impatiently. After a moment, Lorelei flicked her wrist at the Dewgong and suddenly it moved, darting through the water with ridiculous speed. It crashed into my iceberg, and it cracked in half. I stumbled, and the seal-thing took the opportunity to leap out of the water straight at me.

Luckily I didn’t have to be standing to attack.

“Chaaa!” I screamed, socking it in the face as it attempted a Body Slam. It rolled over and flopped on top of me, crushing the breath out me with its fat. I snorted and punched it again, and to my surprise it stopped moving.

I punched it once more for good measure, and snaked my way out from under the white blob.

Josh nodded. "Good. How are you feeling?"

"…disgusted, but health-wise I’m fine."

"Okay. Keep me updated on your health – I could only buy so many revives, and we’re not allowed to go to PokéCenters half-way through this. Healing you after battle is easy, but reviving you is harder."

"Got it."

The girl trainer frowned, returning the seal-thing to her Pokéball, then threw out another. And boy, I was in for it if I thought the seal thing looked dumb.

“Sloowwwww….” the Slowbro moaned, its eyes staring forward vacantly.

"Seriously?" I laughed at the drooling pink Pokémon.

"Scoff at me if you must, but I’m not choosy when it comes to hosts. Taste the power of our combined force!" It’s tail had eyes and a Pokespeak, and spoke venomously as a bolt of pink energy shot out of the Slowbro’s paw.

"Thunderbolt! Don’t waste your moves on anything else!" Josh ordered. I ducked after the first bolt (was that Psychic? Seriously?) and retaliated with a bolt of my own. It took the hit in stride and sent another purple bolt at my feet.

"Take the hit!" Josh warned. "Don’t jump or-"

It was too late, and I leapt forward to avoid the blow, right into the icy waters. I nearly froze on impact, my muscles tensing and begging for relief from the torturous cold.

"Shit!" Josh cursed. "Static, can you get back up?"

"I’m f-f-fine!" I screamed back, my head breaking from the waves. The Slowbro shot another purple blast, catching me and dunking me back under the surface.

"If you have enough air, swim to the other side!"

I snarled bubbles underwater, quickly kicking and pushing the water out of my way. I finally reached the other side, and scurried back onto the iceberg and shaking my coat free of the artic water.

"He’s just going to try the same strategy! Make sure you have sure footing!"

"I’m standing on ice!" I growled, sending another bolt of electricity at the Slowbro, which he easily dodged. I was too far away to get a good shot.

"Just try to get a secure a foothold as you can."

An idea slowly hatched in my mind. A stupid, impossible, awesome idea.

I can secure a foothold, alright.

“Sloowwww…” the Slowbro gurgled, filling his mouth with water right before he spat it back. I tensed, muscles coiled, ready to put my plan into action.

"Perish!" The Slowbro’s tail commanded, spraying a frigid blue burst at my little iceberg. I ran and jumped high off the island, kicked against the wall, and dove onto the Slowbro’s iceberg. The female trainer blinked in disbelief as I punched the Slowbro in its stupid face, my fist trailing with the electricity from my checks. He reeled from my blow and stumbled into the water, kicking off and sinking deep into the pool.

"Argh!" I growled. "Josh, what do I do?"

"Can you just shock the water as a collective? The electricity will likely be diffused, but it’ll still get some damage on him."

I tensed, sending a burst of electricity into the pool. The Slowbro was too deep now, and I couldn’t really tell if it hurt him or not. I frowned, sending another burst into the pool. Couldn’t hurt, right?

The Slowbro burst from the waves behind me, and smashed me with his clubbed paw. I flew off the iceberg, and once again fell into the icy waves, except I wasn’t cold anymore.

No. Now I was pissed.

“Chaaa!” I screamed, diving towards the Slowbro. He dodged too slowly, and I latched onto the tail. It gave a look of frightened bewilderment as I bit onto the end, sending a stream of electricity into it as it tried to swim away. It kicked me hard in the face and I nearly blacked out, but I didn’t let go. At last it stopped movin, and I was able to swim to the surface, shivering and badly damaged. Under normal circumstances I would banter with Josh about how I could go ‘one more fight’, but I knew I was all but down for the count. The water was freezing, and I could barely float.

"Great job, man."

"Damn r-right." I smirked, finding the bliss of status.

*393*2014-04-11 03:29

(Josh POV)

Options. Nova was completely out of the question, of course. Skarr wouldn’t be the best match despite his steel typing, simply because flying is also weak to ice. Myst is strong, but she is also a glass cannon, and I didn’t want to send her out without a clear advantage.

Mew was a good option, but second best. Oxygen would be perfect here, as he would have a clear advantage, and he was use to treacherous terrain. This was a good a time as any – either he succeeded and won us this match, or he lost, and I had Mew to back him up. I nodded, my choice made.

“Go, Oxygen!”

###

(Oxygen POV)

How long have I been out?

I glanced warily at my surroundings, still covered in that annoying, biting ice. I disliked being confined in that ball, having my orientation of time distorted by stasis, but such was the price of teamwork.

“Go, Lapras!” a woman cried, standing on a sliver of land across from me. I stood on a fraction of a floating bit of ice, next to its twin. Another iceberg floated next to a behemoth of a Pokémon, nearly the size of the iceberg itself. Apparently, I was in a battle.

"Double Team, then Thunderbolt!" the trainer named Josh ordered. I disliked the way he commanded me, but I grit my teeth and obeyed. This was temporary, after all.

I focused, and tore myself in two, making sure to duplicate my shadow along with my form. It was a mistake I only made once.

The sea monster shot a beam of ice at our feet, and I willed myself and my clone to avoid it. The illusion was always more compelling if it too had a sense of self-preservation.

“Rai!” I shouted, leaping forward with my powerful legs, and grabbing hold of one of the creatures’ large spines. The creatures neck snapped backwards, and glared at me with…

…such, odd eyes.

"Oxygen, focus!"

They were green and crisp, just like sunlight, bathed in the sea of dust. Dripping water from curved, politely bowed leaves, allowing passage into bright darkness. I remembered the taste of pear – a treat, given to me by a man, long ago. A man forgotten, or attempted to be. Why had he shown such kindness, then such disregard? The taste of pear, greenness, and pure, soured and tainted by neglect and confusion.

Confusion.

I bit my tongue hard, trying to regain my sense of clarity. I felt cold, hard water surrounding me, but was this too the result of a mind hazed by surrealism? I tasted pear. Why had he been so kind? He had never fed me before, and I had never counted on the kindness of strangers. I ate rats, and drank putrid water dripping from sewers at my lowest. Grotesque water, green with…no, it wasn’t green. Green was fresh, golden, and pure, like the pear. Where was I?

"Focus! He’s got you in the water!"

I flailed, smashing my tail into something that felt satisfactory. I was in a field, and I was warm, and happy. Content, yet there were no pears here, and no neglectful trainers. I was with friends – no, I was with family. Lush, green grass, green like purity, sunlight, and warmth, green like youth, generosity, and kindness. Green like the eyes I would never have, my own cursed with scorn and rejection, with the pain of mortality and the weight of-

I gasped for air, choking with water. The monster lay defeated, and I was soaked with freezing water. I noticed I was damaged, but not severely. I was lucid again, but I still tasted pear on my tongue, reminiscent of a memory long forgotten.

"Are you alright, Oxygen?" Josh called out, with a hint of…something. It wasn’t sarcasm, or lack of faith. It wasn’t belittling, or cruel. It was…

…concern?

I tried to smile, unused to the gesture. "I’m alright. Thank you…Josh."

"Do you think you can go another round?"

I stretched, and assessed my wounds. I felt the biting cold, but I also felt a sense of warmth I hadn’t felt in a long time. A sense of promise, and a sense of destiny.

"Absolutely." I smirked, pounding my fist into its twin. "Let them come."

###

