Uri Nova (Blaze the Cat)

Author: Captain L

*000*2015-09-23 01:13

Blaze the Cat was a woman of many skills and positions. A 14-year old princess, it was her duty to not only rule over the Sol Dimension, but to guard its most powerful treasures, the Sol Emeralds and the Jeweled Scepter. She was highly skilled with the ability to control fire, no one besides the nefarious Dr. Eggman Nega would dare cross her. That also meant no one would face her in a friendly manner, everyone was too intimidated by her control over the flames to get close and welcoming. As such, she lived in solitude, maintaining an image of a graceful and elegant leader who was secluded from her subjects. But she kept them safe, so she did her job.

Apparently, she was also a babysitter. That's the only reason there could be to explain why she was currently escorting a very young rabbit named Cream and her pet whatever, Blaze thought she heard it called Cheese, to Cream's house. Blaze was not in the mood to be led around by some little kid when she was forcibly pulled into another dimension and on the hunt for both her Emeralds and archenemy, but Cream was directly leading her and it'd be rude to ditch a girl that had done nothing against her, especially a native to this world.

“You've been really quiet, Blaze. Mommy says I should ask about someone if I want to be friends. What do you do?” Cream was asking with the utmost innocence and wonder, which Blaze ignored., preferring to stay silent to inane questions. Cream didn't get the hint. “Did you hear my question? What do you do as a job, Blaze?”

Blaze sighed. “Your mother is a trusting woman, letting you run off at your age without supervision and telling you to make friends with strangers. That's the kind of lesson that can get you hurt or kidnapped if you meet the wrong person.”

“Mom taught me the rules of who to avoid, and I could tell looking at you that you were nice.”

Are these the sorts of things being taught to kids here? What would they do if that Eggman Nega clone did something horrible? Do they not know danger, or do they simply not fear it? “How old are you, Cream?”

“I'm 6 years old. Why?”

Okay, she's too young to be out on her own. I don't know if it's her, her parents, or this whole world that needs a lesson in responsibility. “You should be more careful, there's a lot of dangerous people that prey on those that trust others. Always be on guard and ready to defend yourself.”

“Oh, I'm not worried about bad men, Mr. Sonic takes care of Eggman's robots and anything else evil. He's done so many good things.”

“That may be, but you shouldn't just accept that this Sonic will always be there to save the day. Someday, there won't be anyone to protect you, and you need to be ready for that.” This was something Blaze had been conditioned across her life to believe, that she could only trust herself because no one else would stand by her.

Cream didn't agree with Blaze's outlook. “I believe in Mr. Sonic, because no matter what bad things happen, he always comes back to save the day. He saved my mom once from Eggman.”

“I see, you consider Sonic to be powerful because he's done something personal and you owe him a debt.”

“...What does 'debt' mean?” Blaze probably should have guessed her terminology was too advanced for a 6-year old. It was impressive Cream had kept up for this long, at least. Even when she was ignoring the discussion, Blaze didn't pay attention to their locations, and didn't notice when they were directly in front of a small building, a cozy home. Cream rushed ahead to the wooden door and opened it inwards, stepping into the frame enough to hold it open, proper manners. “Well, here we are. Please come in, Blaze.”

Incredible, how can she just let me in? After all, she just met me. It was an alien offer, but Blaze didn't want to be rude, so she silently entered the domicile. There was something cozy about it, it was a low furnished cottage that felt homely. The door shut behind her and Cream ran past into another room, shouting “hi mom! I've brought a friend home today! I met Blaze when I was wandering around!”

The sound of slow, casual footsteps began approaching from the room Cream entered, and out emerged another rabbit, looking a lot like Cream, but much taller and older, with a long lavender dress as opposed to Cream's very short dress. This has to be Cream's mother. She spoke first, “Blaze, I hope Cream wasn't bothering you.”

There was something about the way she spoke that was very soft and inviting, and Blaze thought that was creepy, she didn't like others being nice to her without knowing her. “Um, no. But I... have an errand to take care of. Please excuse me!” She tried to back away, maybe she could get out of the house safely and go back to her mission.

Cream's mom, Vanilla, didn't do anything to stop Blaze, but she insisted otherwise. “Please relax, Blaze. I had just finished boiling a pot of tea, have some before you leave.”

Admittedly, some tea sounded very good to Blaze right now. She had been active over the last hour, running through zones and fighting giant robots combined with the stress of being forcibly placed in a different dimension, she could use a hot drink to relax. “That sounds very nice, actually.”

Vanilla smiled. “Then I'll prepare a cup for you. Please take a seat in the kitchen, I'll be there shortly.” She gestured to the next room, the room she had exited and Cream had entered. Blaze followed her instructions and found a small square table, three chairs with Cream in one. Blaze took her seat perpendicular to Cream, and sat quietly. She observed her surroundings, everything that one would expect from a tiny cottage like this. The small table, the under-equipped kitchen, family pictures on the walls, it was clearly a family home.

Blaze avoided eye contact with Cream, she didn't want to give the impression that she wanted small talk, she just looked out the window at the peaceful natural world. It didn't look obviously different than her own, but there was just a different vibe to it than she was used to, it was uncanny. Blaze kept watching in solace until the shrill sound of boiling water in a tea kettle harshly pierced the silence. There were three pouring sounds and the clank of ceramic on metal, before Vanilla approached the table carrying the four small cups with miniature plates on a tray. “Here's your tea, girls. Enjoy,” Vanilla happily remarked as she placed the tray in the middle of the table.

Blaze delicately grabbed the cup closest to her. “Thank you very much.” She held the handle with her thumb and two fingers, extending the smallest finger while bringing the mouth to her own, taking a slow, quiet sip. “This is very good, I truly appreciate it.”

Cream giggled, which made Blaze realize she was the only one to take a drink yet. Is this some etiquette rule here I didn't know about, so now I look like a barbarian? “You like your tea really hot, Blaze? You just went right at it from boiling without waiting.” Oh, right. I've been drinking it boiling for so long, I forgot it's unusual.

“It's certainly an unusual thing to see. I don't mean to offend, Blaze, but everyone else I've served tea to gives it time to cool. But I like the way you're holding the cup, it's very elegant and regal,” Vanilla remarked.

“That's to be expected from a princess,” Blaze answered.

If Cream was holding her tea, she would have dropped it. “You're a princess?! That's so amazing! So what are you doing here instead of princess things?” She looked at Blaze expectantly, eagerly anticipating any details about royalty.

“Actually, what I'm doing is the most important job in my line of duty, something that absolutely must be done.” Blaze described her position, the Sol Emeralds, her dimension, all the details as to why she was in a rush.

“You know, I'd suggest that you talk to Sonic,” Cream offered. “He'd be able to help you.”

This Sonic character again...why do they insist on involving him? “Please don't worry. This is my problem, so I'll find the Emeralds myself!” It was unbecoming for her to get so angry, but she was really getting annoyed at the constant Sonic talk.

“Don't say that, Sonic will be glad to help. Now then, Cream will show you the way,” Vanilla offered. Cream jumped from her seat, excited to be of assistance to her new friend.

Blaze wanted to object, both out of desire to do things on her own and to keep a young girl out of danger. But she saw Cream standing next to her, that expectant look in her eyes, there wasn't a point in arguing. Cream would probably follow her if she refused, it would be better if she kept Cream close. “Have it your way.”

“All right! Okay, mom, I'm going now!” Cream began running out the door, ahead of Blaze, waving her mom goodbye, Cheese trailing behind. Blaze followed them slowly, annoyed that it was now her job to watch after some kid when she was supposed to be fighting. She'd just have to put up with it, this was all she could do given the circumstances.

###

Blaze's adventure was tiring. She had fought through Leaf Storm and Mirage Road locations, and had just beaten Eggman piloting a dung beetle. The most amazing part was that Cream had kept up. She hadn't done anything for combat, but she was fast enough to not stray far behind and keep out of trouble, with Cheese defeating anything with little effort. Perhaps she was not so much of a burden as Blaze thought.

She was currently with Blaze, the two walking through the desert towards the Ocean Palace. The desert wasn't smoldering hot, the two could comfortably traverse the sandy dunes. It wouldn't bother Blaze anyway, but she still chose to conserve energy by staying silent. Normally, Cream didn't share the same ideology, and would skip and sing, but she was being uncharacteristically quiet now. Blaze kind of liked it, a calming break from action and conversation.

Still, if she was going to be under her charge, Blaze should probably check Cream's condition. “Is something bothering you, Cream? Did you hurt yourself at some point?”

Cream jumped, like she didn't expect to hear Blaze talk to her. Her head quickly faced the cat, somehow avoiding eye contact at the same time. “Y-yeah, I'm good. But, can we please hurry? I, uh...I just want to get there already.” She looked away as soon as she finished, desperate to be quiet, for once.

Cream was not a good liar, Blaze could tell that easily, but she wasn't going to press the issue. What would I do if I knew, anyway? Their trek continued in silence for about another minute, Blaze considering what could be bothering Cream, until something completely blocked her vision. She jumped back reflexively, when her focus altered and she could tell it was Cheese, flying right in front of her eyes. “Oh. Hello.”

Cheese didn't talk, but he began fervently gesturing, pointing at Cream. Blaze followed his pointing, and noticed something extra off about her. Despite having fallen behind, Cream had not stopped, like she was completely oblivious, off in her own thoughts. Not only that, but Cream usually had that youthful and energetic spring in her step, now her walk couldn't be more stiff. “You want me to do something about her?” Cheese nodded enthusiastically. “Fine, I'll help her.”

Blaze caught up with Cream, a split-second task with a boost, and faced her while keeping pace with the bunny. “Alright, time for you to talk. What's going on with you?”

The second prodding ended up being all it took to get Cream to spill. “Actually, I...” Her voice trailed down into a near whisper. “I really gotta go pee-pee.”

A cat's ears were powerful, so Blaze still heard her mumbling. She rolled her eyes, frustrated that she got possibly worried over that. “Hold it in, then. Wait until we're at Ocean Palace.”

Cream pressed her hands on the front of her dress and bounced with one leg. “I've been holding it for a long time now. Mom's tea always makes me need to go bad.”

She's probably right with that. Blaze had been feeling her bladder filling as well, she just had enough practice to not let it show. Being eight years older helped too. Still, it was becoming uncomfortable, she had been thinking about relieving herself already once they reached their destination. Until then, they were just going to have to wait. “So what are you planning to do? You need to go, great, but there isn't a restroom out here.”

“I-I know there isn't, it's just...I was just saying I needed the potty because you asked. I'm gonna try and hold it, but...we're far away from where we're going, I might not make it.” She faced downwards to the sand as her shoes shuffled the grains around.

“Alright, then tell me when it gets to be too much to manage. Until then, stay quiet about it.” Both because she didn't want to hear it, and because she didn't need the reminder of her own building urine.

Cream nodded, even with a defiant squeak echoing in her closed mouth, and started walking, though slowly. Blaze followed suit, naturally moving faster, passing her partner and getting her out of sight, but only barely. However, not even a minute passed before Cream tugged on the long sleeve of Blaze's jacket. “I told you to wait until it was urgent.”

“It just started to hurt really bad! I really really can't wait any longer, I'm gonna pee!”

Blaze looked at the young girl, who certainly seemed to be telling the truth. Her hands were under her dress, she was grimacing in pain, and she was dancing to keep under control. It wasn't a pretty sight, both from pity of her state, and an incredibly visceral depiction of Cream's desperation was only making Blaze's worse. She had control, that wasn't a doubt, but watching Cream struggle made Blaze start doing the same thing without noticing, subtly moving her own legs.

Like what had most likely happened to Cream, Blaze was feeling her own urine build up rather suddenly. She was still capable of holding it, but she'd be looking for a toilet in any other situation. But with Cream in the position she was in, Blaze didn't have a choice on what to do next. She just needed to test the waters, to see if her instruction was needed. “Fine, then. Just go, I'm not stopping you.”

“I...I don't know how, I'm a girl. That's something boys do.”

That's the answer Blaze was expecting to hear, though it would have been much easier if it was otherwise. Blaze had gone on plenty of adventures and journeys, she had plenty of time to learn how to and get used to doing her business outdoors. It wasn't something every girl knew how to do, which made it her job to help, as weird as it was going to be. “Then it's my job to teach you, I suppose. Do you have any starting point?”

“I don't know anything about this. How does it even work, I can't stand up and do it.” Somehow, even while horribly desperate, Cream's curiosity had not diminished.

It was a good point she had brought up. I've been doing standing pees for a long time now, at least when there isn't a toilet. It's just more convenient that way. But it's hard to do right, I had accidents with it a few times before I got it down. Probably easier to teach her how to squat, even if it is less comfortable. “Take your panties off.”

“W-what?!” The appropriate reaction to a blunt demand like that.

“Unless you want to wet yourself, you'll need to remove your panties. It's in your best interest to hurry, too.”

Cream looked around, probably an instinctual thing before stripping down, and reached below her dress to grab the underwear beneath. She slid them down her legs, her hips wiggling and thighs trembling, to just above the knees, to a point where her choice in panties was evident. There were a pure white, no lace or design, no thin straps, only a small pink ribbon on the front waistband to give them character. That unfettered white also served to highlight the small yellow stain, the cause at the forefront of attention. She should have kept pulling them down, but instead she stopped and looked out, towards Blaze but not exactly at her. Blaze followed her gaze, and it led to Cheese flying in the air watching her owner, to the left of Blaze's head. Cream was too timid to say anything, but Blaze could tell what she wanted to get at and voiced the concern for her. “Look away, you little perv,” she said as she reached out and forcefully spun him away, which he didn't resist.

“Thanks, Blaze,” Cream quietly acknowledged, her hands already back in her crotch. “I'm not comfortable with Cheese seeing me like this. Do I need to take my panties off all the way?”

Blaze had to consider that. It's not completely necessary to do so, with a dress like that, she could make do with them at her knees. But then again, this is her first time. Mistakes can happen, it's smarter to ensure any variables are secured. “It's better to remove them completely. You're not going to want any stray splashes.” Blaze looked over Cream's attire, and noticed her large boots, too big for her to get her panties off without undressing further. “Are you going to need help taking off your boots?”

Cream looked down at her feet, and shook her head. “I-I think the urge passed, it doesn't feel as bad anymore.” She tested this by removing her hands from between her legs completely, keeping them stiff by her sides. While she still couldn't help but shake from the need, no drops came out. “I can do it myself, thanks.” She bent over at the waist, not easy to do with underwear around her knees, and grabbed the top of her boot, sock also in her grip, pulling her foot out of the shoe and stepping bare onto the sand, recoiling for a brief second in response to the heat. She did the same for the other foot, and moved both boots away to the side.

With nothing obstructing the path any longer, she brought her legs together to give her panties some slack, allowing gravity to take them to her ankles. Lifting one foot out of the leg hole, she bent down again to grab her underwear as the other foot came out. She stood back up with the panties still in her hand, grains of sand that had been stuck to the wet patch falling off. as she considered what to do with them. Her dress didn't have pockets, and she couldn't leave them on the sand lest more get stuck to them. With no other options, she dropped them into one of her boots. She'd remember where they were before the boot went back on.

She's this far, but the steps past this are a lot more personal and difficult to explain. I may have to demonstrate. Blaze was thinking about her situation as well, mainly her own need for relief, on how she'd need to take care of it soon. Not for fear of an accident, but a full bladder would limit her movement capabilities, something she couldn't afford to let happen. She'd normally take care of nature's call whenever she had the time, no matter the location. The middle of a desert fit that criteria rather well, and if Cream needed a demonstration...

Who cares about modesty anyway? “The next parts are more challenging, so I'll guide you through them. Just follow what I do.” Now Blaze had to catch up to the step Cream was on, which meant she needed to strip down. The first piece removed was her coat, the fastening undone allowing it to slide off her back, where she grabbed it in the air and threw it off dramatically, unintentionally of course. Next would be her heels, but with Blaze being much more experienced and the sand to absorb most of her liquid, she felt comfortable in not needing to fully removing her bottoms.

But they still needed to at least be pulled down, and when hers were not normal pants, and instead tights that stretched up to above her breasts, it meant extra work. She grabbed the top and pulled them down, adding her mostly plain with a little lace dark maroon panties once she reached their spot, to her knees, the optimal place to leave them if not completely removing them, revealing both her underendowed chest and vulva.

“There's a certain way to squat down if you don't want to spray all over your legs. Spread your feet apart shoulder-width and hover your rear just above the sand. Watch your tail,” Blaze instructed while performing the same actions. As a nice side effect, Blaze keeping clothes on and facing Cream directly blocked the full frontal view of her own vagina to others. Being in position was making her desire to urinate more prevalent, reaching the dangerous level of not being able to contain herself.

Cream mimicked Blaze, surprisingly well for her first time, and did her squat over the sand. Blaze would have continued with the next step, the small details of positioning, but something came across Cream's face, a look not of pain like Blaze would have expected, but shock. It took just a second before it was obvious why, as the sound of flowing water began, splattering for a few seconds before being drowned out by splashing. Looks like Cream didn't have the control Blaze was able to afford. It wasn't vitally important that she continued to hold anymore, but something could still go wrong. “Everything alright with you?”

“Mhm! All good here,” Cream very happily called out. Her head bobbed left and right as she let nature take its course, quite powerfully too. For such a young girl, her stream was coming out thick and fast, droplets flying outwards as it poured down. Anyone who saw this would instantly be able to tell, the poor girl was bursting. Appropriately, she looked to be in ecstasy while taking this horrible leak, moaning and humming alternatively. Guess this isn't too big of an embarrassment to her if she's okay now. It's easy to ignore where you're doing it when the relief feels so good. No point in letting Cream do it alone, Blaze's bladder was ready and willing to release its contents already.

Blaze adjusted her butt a little bit, bending it towards the back to reduce the angle of her stream thanks to the flexibility of a cat, and flicked her long tail behind her, tossing sand up into the air, thankfully away from her clothing. Prepared to pee, Blaze started to relax her muscles, and...nothing happened, everything remained dry. Really? Now's not the time for a shy bladder. How did she get this far, anyway? Not that she actually suffered from shy bladder, but she avoided getting nude in front of anyone. So why did she get so intimately close around Cream? She would never reveal herself this much around anyone. Was it just because Cream was a fellow girl? Blaze wasn't acquainted with other women, but is this how she'd react, just based on gender?

At least introspective thoughts kept her mind occupied, allowing her bladder to forget she was in view of another and relaxed appropriately. Her stream, while not nearly as intense as Cream's, was still healthy and very nice for her, it was still an urgent need being taken care of. Blaze's only vocalization was a light, soft moan, though it still indicated happiness, just one more appropriate for a composed and elegant princess such as herself.

This was not the time for conversation, so both women kept quiet as they attended to their bathroom needs, save for the unavoidable and unplanned noises both emitted every now and again. Somewhat expected, but Blaze finished before Cream even slowed down, despite Blaze's slower release. While Cream was preoccupied, Blaze shook her bottom to loosen any remaining drops, letting them fall into the puddle she had created below. Satisfied with her actions, she stood up, pulling her panties up in the same motion. Her tights were next up, shaking her whole body to force past the friction, raising the garment to just below her shoulders. Finally, she drove the point of her heel under her pile of a jacket, kicking it upwards, and she caught it in the air, in the middle of a thrusting motion to remove all lingering sand with one motion. She brushed her clothing down to smoothen it out as much as possible.

Somehow, even with the time Blaze spent making herself presentable, Cream was only just slowing down. Her breathing got more ragged as the stream reduced to a trickle, culminating in a long exhalation once it was nothing more than drops. “Ah, so much better! Thank you, Blaze. Do you have any toilet paper or anything?”

Guess she wasn't paying attention when I handled myself. Can't blame her, I guess, her eyes were closed most of that time. “Your panties are already wet, a little extra won't hurt you.”

“I-I guess.” Cream stood, a little wobbly from her balance changing, the motion doing most of the cleansing work. She reached into the boot closest to her, the one her underwear had been dropped in, and pulled her panties out, careful not to touch any of the damp fabric. Lifting one of her legs, she slipped back into them, a little uncomfortable with the minimal wetness touching her extremely sensitive girlhood. She was about to step into her boots, when she got a good look at her feet and the amount of sand on them, not that the color stood out against her cream-colored fur. Still, she swiped it off, some of it just getting on her gloves, before putting her feet back in. Finally, she flattened her dress down to keep her panties hidden. “You can turn back around, Cheese, I'm done.”

Oh yeah, I forgot about him. Guess it's good that he didn't look. “We've lost time, we should be moving again.” Blaze started walking, with Cream keeping up in silence. “And please, don't ever talk about this again. This is not one of those things that ever needs to be brought up.” And I don't need anyone knowing that I told a 6 year old girl to get naked.

“I wasn't going to. I really don't like that I had to tinkle in the middle of the desert, either. Still, thank you for teaching me how to do it, just in case I need to do it again.” Cream looked up at Blaze and smiled.

Somehow, Blaze couldn't help but smile back. “You're welcome. It's a very useful skill to know, for future expeditions.” Why am I getting attached? She's just a random girl I happened to find. A random girl who's been nice to me, invited me to her house, was willing to join me on a dangerous adventure, and she's asking for nothing in return. Now things were starting to fall into place. I suppose if you're going to take a piss with another girl, you'd better be close. How did I not realize anything was happen when I didn't object to showing my vagina? Maybe that's just what friends do, they don't have problems being intimate with each other. That might not be so bad. Somehow, because of emotions Blaze wouldn't understand, she was fine with going potty around another girl. Nothing better to open your heart up than doing the most private thing imaginable around someone else.

Edited September 23, 2015 by Captain L (see edit history)

*002*2016-05-26 17:44

Author's Note: Kept you waiting, huh?

###

Cats really don't do well on the open water. In all fairness, Blaze wasn't doing poorly on the boat Ocean Tornado. It's not like she was vehemently staying away from the boat's edges, she wasn't seasick, she wasn't shaking in terror, she was probably even a better swimmer than Sonic. The feline princess would just rather not be out in the ocean, even if it was better than being underneath the surface, and especially better than being too high above sea level. It helped that this was a stable boat, large, a cabin in the rear center of the dock, and lots of firepower.

This was a strange adventure Blaze had found herself in. It hadn't been that long after returning to her home dimension after her previous voyage in another world, where she met Sonic the Hedgehog and his friends, they teamed up and beat Eggman Nega and his interdimensional counterpart. She had even formed a friendship with young girl Cream the Rabbit, after the two had an...exposing experience. Now, Sonic had been pulled to Blaze's dimension, and they had to secure the Jeweled Scepter, the most powerful treasure the royal family had to protect.

“Are you doing alright, Blaze?” She turned away from looking at the empty ocean to the sound on the boat, and had to look down after that. It was Tails, the orange two-tailed fox that was Sonic's best friend. He was smart, he built the boat they were standing on among other seafaring vehicles, but he was stuck on the boat with her. They had been on their way to a hidden island to find a Sol Emerald when the craft had encountered the nefarious pirate Johnny, meaning Sonic had to take off and race him to win a Chaos Emerald. That just left Blaze and Tails. At least it isn't Marine, both thought.

“I don't like the water, but I'll survive.” Even if she had opened up in the time since last adventure, she would still rather stay quiet now. But Tails had the same kind of youthful energy and innocence that Cream had, she'd feel bad blowing him off. This time, however, her silence wasn't due to anti-social behaviors. Watching the calm currents and waves of the deep ocean had awakened a feeling below her stomach, one she certainly recognized.

How does this happen twice? Blaze needed to pee on the adventure while on the path to the next location. Needing to use the bathroom was not unusual for her, it always happened at least once just because the action took enough time, but she wasn't alone this time. She could wait until they reached the island, she'd be departing alone and could answer nature's call then. But she was noticing her bladder now, which meant she was already pretty desperate. At least I'm the only desperate one this time, she thought as she looked at Tails, who was looking out to the ocean, his left leg twitching. Uh-oh.

The sounds of water were not helping Blaze's predicament, she yearned for a distraction, and it looked like Tails needed one too. “Sonic's taking a very long time. I figured the fastest thing alive would be able to finish a race faster than this.”

“Sonic's very proud,” he responded. “If he loses, and he very well might by this Emerald race, he'll just keep challenging Johnny to rematches until he wins. It could take a while.” Very quietly, he grumbled at the end of the sentence, but Blaze still picked it up. She didn't bring it up, she already had the reason after all, she was even tempted to do the same.

Right then, a wave of desperation hit Blaze's bladder, reminding her quite forcefully of the amount of urine she was keeping in. It hurt, now it was her turn to whimper, and she even bent at the knees just a little in response. She wouldn't grab herself, especially with Tails right there, but she really wanted to. Another distraction, now! “You're certainly a lot more articulate than Cream. How much older are you?”

He didn't look at her this time, wanting to keep consistent focus on something, but he was at least courteous and replied. “I'm...2 years older than Cream. I'm 8, and a lot s-smARTER,” his voice cracked as he strained to finish the word. That surely must have been a similar surge of need to Blaze's, probably even greater in magnitude. While he didn't cross his legs in response either, his twin tails twisted tightly together as his stance turned shaky. Even with him looking away, probably moreso now, Blaze could still see a blush form on his muzzle and whiskers.

Poor kid...I don't remember Cream looking this desperate. He must need to go really bad, and he isn't even mentioning it. Both from already seeing a friend in the same situation, and currently being in the same place, Blaze felt a pang of sympathy almost as painful as her bladder's strikes. Not quite, but almost. She didn't feel right making Tails suffer like he shouldn't say anything, so it was time to make her own desire known. Not like she had any ground to stand on when it came to keeping restroom visits private. “You too, huh,” she asked as she subtly rubbed her thighs together to give the hopefully perceptive fox a clue what she was referring to.

Tails turned to her to see what she was talking about, and when he saw her wiggling, his eyes widened as he realized that she needed to pee just like him. He didn't even know how to react to that, the normally dignified and proper princess he didn't know all that well admitting she was having a certain trouble. A few seconds of frozen stillness later, Tails gave in and did what his body had been longing for, begging him to do for a while now; he crossed his legs tightly, grabbed his crotch just as hard, and bent over shaking. “S-sorry. I have to pee so much, I really can't help this anymore.”

“I don't blame you, it doesn't feel like it'll be long before I start following your lead there. I really wish I had noticed this as a need before we set sail.”

“I knew I had to pee before we left, but I was busy working on another project and I didn't take a break yet. Then Sonic came in and told me we were leaving, and I didn't have the courage to tell him to give me a minute.” He started dancing, as if to show how big a mistake that was.

Yeah, he needs to pee way worse than me. Looks like it really hurts. She felt bad for the little fox, how did she end up with two kids in emergency situations? I should at least give him a hope spot. “I was planning on...you know, doing my business once we get to the island. I'm sure you can think of some excuse to come with me.”

Tails looked at Blaze stunned, completely confused. “Why would there be a bathroom on the...oh. Never mind.” It was a simple mistake from a kid trying not to wet himself, but Blaze still rolled her eyes. Is it really that unbelievable that a girl would pee outside? “I don't know if I can make it to the island, but I'll try. I'm so tempted to go off the side of the boat.”

Yeah, I don't blame him. If I had to pee as bad as that, I'd pee off the boat too. At least, if no one knew. Too late on that part, Blaze already knew what plagued Tails, she'd know what was up if Tails suddenly came back not dancing all over the place. But what would I do with that knowledge? Not like I'd tease him or tell anyone. Her ears perked up as she attempted to listen to anything nearby. It wasn't easy drowning out Tails' stomping, but besides that, all she heard were waves and maybe some seagulls. “You don't see Sonic or Johnny or anything on the horizon, do you?”

Once again, Tails looked confused, but he looked to the distance to check, trying his hardest to keep his eyes open. “I-I don't see anything.”

“Good. You go behind the cabin and...” She stopped as she realized it would be cruel to ask the kid who was having a hard enough time just standing to walk to the other end of the boat. “Actually, you stay here, I'll be back there for a few minutes. If I hear any splashing over here, or if you're acting differently when I come back, I'll ignore it.” The intention seemed obvious enough, but Tails was probably too distracted to notice the subtlety, so Blaze added a wink at the end.

At least he caught on, but with a bladder as bursting as his, he didn't have the attention span to reply in a similarly indirect way. “Thank you so much, Blaze! It won't take long, I just...need this so much.”

“Believe me, I get it. Just do what you have to.” Blaze turned and walked, just a little stiff, to the back side of the boat, where the cabin would block the view to the other end. Tails at least tried to wait until Blaze was out of sight, but by the time she was at least not currently looking, he started to lose it. Another push from his bladder, feeling like it was seriously about to pop, put the fox over the edge as a few little leaks found their way out, dripping onto his hands and added yellow dots to his white gloves.

“Ah ahahah! No, not yet, I'm so close!” No time to waste anymore, he rushed as close to the hull as he could without stepping onto the barrier. Incredibly hesitantly, he untwisted his legs, shaking like sails in the wind, his tails unintentionally making the same motions. He was facing the water, the waves crashing into the boat making more pee spurt out into his hands, still gripping his privates like it'd kill him if he let go. “Just need to...let go, and you can pee. That's it, Tails. Just let go now.”

Meanwhile, on another end of the deck, Blaze was looking out at her side of the ocean. Tails built this whole boat, she realized. He's at least earned the right to pee off it in a dire emergency like this. Things were still quiet, a little surprising, Blaze figured he wouldn't waste even a second before relieving himself. She knew she'd have to wait, so she began studying the distance to pass the time, starting to cross her legs to cope with her own building pressure.

If he's okay with it, I may need to use the side of the boat after him. Nothing else on the water and Tails was out of sight, so Blaze was effectively alone. Or I could do it now. I can hold it, but I'd rather do it sooner. Just in case there's something unexpected on the island. One more look to ensure she had privacy, when suddenly she saw the white of breaking water on the horizon, a lot of it, approaching fast. Too many to be Sonic, even if Johnny was with him, so the real bad guys were the only option. “Tails! Whisker's men are coming!”

At that moment, Tails was just removing his hands, probably seconds away from peeing. Upon hearing Blaze calling to him, he froze, losing concentration for a brief moment and leaking a little more onto the ship floor, his bladder screaming at him to not stop there. Once again, he grabbed himself and crossed his legs together, probably harder than before. “Blaze...I really don't think I can hold it any longer! Can you please take care of them?!” It didn't even matter if the robots might see, Tails just needed to pee already.

I'm so sorry, Tails. I know you need this. “I don't know how to use any of the weapons on the ship, and my fire can only hold them off so long!” She hesitated, she really didn't want to make Tails suffer any longer than he already had. “I guess...they're still a ways off, and I can take care of a few of them! Do whatever you can until then!”

“N-no,” he shouted back. “It takes time to arm the weapons, too much time. I...I have to wait! Get inside the cabin!” Blaze didn't quite believe that Tails was willingly giving up maybe his only chance at a bathroom break, but if they needed to protect the ship, so be it. She boosted in, a shaking Tails following what seemed like an eternity later. “Okay, hit the big red button next to the wheel to get the weapons out.”

Blaze looked back at Tails, who had his eyes shut tight as his hips swayed in the throes of probably the worst desperation she had ever seen. And he was the one guiding Blaze. It seemed a little pathetic on her part, but she followed the direction and slammed her palm on the button. It caused doors to open on the outer hull, and gun turrets and flamethrowers emerged, joining the cannons already on the deck. “How far are they, and how fast are they moving?”

“Uh...” She turned to check the attackers, gaining but still with distance. “They're getting closer, but they're not here yet! And they're keeping a steady forward course!”

“Real good description,” Tails grumbled. “If you can lead your shots well enough, use the rear cannons with the small blue button beneath the wheel. When the cannons are recharging or you need the speed, use the guns with the green button to its right. When they're right on our tails, use nothing but the flamethrowers with the red button, or your own fire! When the weapon's selected, use the screen on the left to select the side of the boat to fire from and tap to target the enemies and shoot!”

He can't even see what's happening, and he's giving me instructions like an annoying manual. But she had to follow it, or their boat might be destroyed and they would have to swim back. Impending danger wasn't enough to get Blaze to lose focus, but Tails about to wet himself a few feet from her and her own aching bladder did not make an accurate combination, so she activated the turrets, which brought up a diagram of the Ocean Tornado on what looked like an orange game controller with a screen in the middle. She quickly tapped the rear, which brought up a camera feed of Whisker's forces approaching.

Now it was time for battle. Just to try it, she tapped on the image of the closest enemy, and the turrets fired up and shot at it, blowing it up with only a few hits. Blaze was not expecting it to be so loud, she jumped at the ringing noise of a high-velocity bullet being ejected from a giant turret, it surprised and shocked her to the point she accidentally leaked a little bit into her panties. Uh-oh, I'm getting a little too close to having an accident. We need to wrap this up quick. Even though he must have expected the sound, she saw Tails jump too, and she could only imagine he had a similar secondary reaction.

But she had to admit, shooting these guys was kind of fun. She tapped on the next one and the bullets fired once more, blowing up another robot. She braced herself for the sound this time and stayed still, but Tails still jolted, probably because he didn't have the current fortitude to handle such a loud noise. She couldn't confirm it, but she thought she saw the edges of his gloves' palms grow yellow. It wouldn't surprise her if that was the case.

One after another, the invaders fell to the power of Tails' guns. Things weren't getting easier for the little fox, or Blaze for that matter, so she hurriedly took out almost all of them. These guys really don't know how to dodge, to get out of the way of everything I've fired. Thank you. The last one was almost upon them, but Blaze didn't feel like using any more bullets, she had a better idea. She turned away from the controls to look out the cabin's windows at the approaching enemy, raised her right hand, pressed her thumb against her index and middle fingers, and snapped. The final robot suddenly burst into flames, not an explosion like every one before, but combustion courtesy of Blaze's natural fire. The fight was won, Blaze let out a heavy breath, and pressed her hand against her tights. Finally... “Hey Tails, we got them! You're in the clear!

He didn't respond, he stayed completely silent. That's not good. Actually, she realized, some of the water sound wasn't from the ocean, it was behind her, in the cabin. Like liquid hitting the wooden floor. That's bad. Really bad. “Uh, Tails?” She was pretty sure what she'd find, but she still turned to look at the kid, and found exactly what she expected; Tails, hunched over, eyes closed, hands digging into his crotch, urine as golden as rings soaking into his gloves, streaming between his fingers, running through the fur on his legs, making one big puddle beneath his shoes.

“Oh.” That's all Blaze could say. In all honesty, their conversation and plan hadn't been going on for that long, probably no more than 10 minutes, but it felt like hours of hard work and strife was lost once Tails couldn't hold it any longer. Not that she blamed him, not in the slightest, but this was the reality. He wet himself.

Even he didn't seem to believe it. He wasn't even acknowledging it, just standing in the same position as his pee, a testament to how bursting his bladder was, flooded out. But the sound, sight, and smell couldn't be ignored. Tails didn't even wait to finish before he started apologizing. “S-sorry, Blaze. I tried, really, but it wasn't enough.”

“I believe you. I saw how hard it was for you to hold that, I'm actually impressed you made it that long. Sorry it had to be just not long enough.” Blaze had already dealt with another kid with a full bladder, so even if Cream made it without a full-out accident, she still had experience for sympathy. And Tails was still going strong, the splattering of new urine into the puddle loud and echoing. “Wow, you...really had to pee.”

“Absolute limit,” he whispered. Like it was accentuating that limit, it started quieting down now, his urine finally running out after over a minute of a heavy waterfall between his legs. “Ahh...” His voice trailed off, he didn't look particularly happy, but he acknowledged the empty feeling, a good kind. “At least that feels way better.” He straightened his posture, putting his hands to his side, letting Blaze clearly see the damage done. His once-white gloves were now dyed yellow on the inside, still dripping just to the side of the puddle. His fur, his crotch and down his legs, was matted and stuck together, no discoloration from his natural hue but a lot of shine. Even the ankles of his shoes had plenty of yellow soaked into them.

That part was over, at least, but they still had more to deal with. How are we going to explain this to Sonic when he gets back? Is there even a way to hide it? Inspiration struck the cat. “Tails, I've got another idea, and this one should work out better. We need to clean this up before Sonic comes back, and you too. You get in the water, wash all that off, I got the puddle. You built this thing fireproof, right?”

“Uh, sure. I mean, the sun canopy would burn, but I definitely made the ship with flamethrowers fireproof.” Realization hit him, why Blaze would ask about that specification. “What are you planning to burn?”

“I'm not burning anything, I can just use my fire to evaporate the puddle. Then you'll be clean and nothing on the ship will give it away. Well, except the smell, that'll only get worse.”

Tails considered this, moving his hand to stroke his face in thought before realizing that would be a terrible idea. “Wait until I get out of the water, that way I can deal with the smell. Until then, I'll be swimming at the front of the Ocean Tornado, so you can do whatever you want back here for a few minutes.” He winked at Blaze.

She got it, and she smiled that she was being given the courtesy. “Thanks. Watching you go was really not making it easier on me.” She crossed her legs and bounced once.

“It's the least I could do after you tried to help me so much.” Blaze sidestepped out of the path of the door so Tails could leave, trying his best to limit the drops falling off his body as he jumped off the back of the boat into the water, swimming around the edge to the front.

She watched him swim away, and when the front of the ship blocked him from view, Blaze stepped to the waist-high wall of the back deck. Tails gave me a distraction, but I still could really use this pee. She had better luck than Tails, nothing in sight as she reached up to her chest and pulled her tights down, dropping them to her ankles. Her bladder, realizing she was close to letting go, leaked a few more spurts into her panties, which were thankfully black and hid the few stains. She started rubbing her thighs together to relieve some pressure until she could drop her panties too. Undressed, she positioned her hands around her privates to give herself forward force, and finally started peeing.

Phew...that feels good. It wasn't nearly the loud splattering Tails made, but the light tinkle sound as her steady release hit the ocean's surface was satisfying. Blaze sighed as the pressure on her bladder diminished. She didn't realize it earlier because of the comparison to Tails' pain, but she needed to go pretty bad, now was a good time to take care of it. She could have held it to the island, but it wouldn't have been comfortable, peeing off the side of the boat, as crude as it seemed, was the better option. At least she had privacy this time, instead of Cream watching her. And I didn't have to see Tails' penis, either. Seeing Cream's privates was a little awkward. Didn't turn out that bad, even for Tails.

Nearly a minute later and her stream stopped, the few remaining drops falling into her panties at her feet. I have 8 years and holding practice on him, and I still couldn't compare to Tails. She winced as she imagined how much it must have hurt to hold that much, even for her. She pulled her panties up, tights followed, and all was well. Tails swam back just then, almost like he was waiting for her to finish, and climbed back into the boat, even more soaking but cleaner.

“You ready to clean this up,” Blaze asked. Tails nodded, and the two walked into the cabin, leaving the doorway open and standing in front of the puddle. Blaze snapped her finger and the puddle started steaming and evaporating, as she remembered too late to cover her nose. Tails had the correct amount of foresight, he closed his nostrils and stood on the side of the puddle opposite the door, facing away from both. As the room's heat increased, his twin tails spun (somehow not propelling him forward) and blew it all off the boat. With this system, it only took a few minutes without tools until all was better. Blaze's job finished first, but Tails stopped not long after, and both of them could only detect the faintest scent after uncovering their noses.

Tails flashed a thumbs up, and Blaze noticed that propeller spin dried him off pretty well too. “Worked out pretty well, Blaze. No evidence left!” Well, my panties are still a little wet, but no one is looking at that. “Hey...thanks for all that help. I don't know what I would have done without it.”

“Well, you probably would have taken the first opportunity you had if you were by yourself. But I'm a princess, it's my duty to help others, and you really needed it. Just...try not to ask for my assistance like this again.” The longer until I have to help someone else with a bathroom need again, the better.

“Don't worry. The longer until I'm in a predicament like this again, the better.” He smiled, when his gaze went downwards. “You burned the floor, I'll have to fix that when we get back to Southern Island.”

Blaze looked too, and sure enough, the part of the wood paneling that the puddle sat upon was now blackened and charred. “Hey, don't blame me! I only had to use it because of you!”

Edited May 26, 2016 by Captain L (see edit history)

*004*2016-05-28 00:58

{{10 hours ago, Jeffery Mewtamer said:

Wasn't really expecting a follow up, but the follow up was enjoyable none-the-less. Part of me says Tails should've at least once cursed his lack of forethought for not equiping the ship with toilet facilities though.

}}

Well, to be fair to Tails, most small ships like the Ocean Tornado wouldn't have toilets anyway. Or maybe the Ocean Tornado is big enough to justify it, it looked pretty big in the one picture I found with characters for scale, I don't know if it could be considered an oversight on his part or just an unfortunate consequence of the design. Still, I'm sure he was angry about that missing feature and we just didn't hear the thought.
