Pokemon Omorashi epic! - Page 2

Author: Alexxx

*025*2012-06-04 21:41

Josh and I continued to hold, and we talked and flirted more as time passed. Although I was fairly desperate, I kept my composure quite well. I simply crossed my legs ever so often, and bent forward when I needed to. Josh was not so subtle.

“Oh jeez, I really need to pee.” He mumbled to himself, grabbing his crotch. I laughed at his mild predicament. “Oh shoot, Sandy, um, I can’t wet in these, I didn’t bring a change of clothes!”

“Some trainer YOU are.” I stuck my tongue out at him, and he blushed, playfully angry. “What’s in that backpack of yours then?

“Hey, I’m not a full on trainer like you yet, I still have a week of school left. “My backpack is for school stuff, like books and my laptop.”

“So you don’t have any spare clothes?” I grinned, pulling on his shirt.

“No. I-I might have to forfit this, I don’t want to go back to town with wet pants…”

“You can use my washing machine, it’s fine. Buuut….” I Pulled him closer until there was no space between us, and whispered in his ear, “But I don’t have anything for you to wear while they would wash.” He looked extremely hesitant, and took a deep breath.

“Ummmm, ok. I don’t, ah…!” He bent down and grabbed his crotch again. “I don’t have long.” He smiled blushing.

“Same. On three?” I pressed him against me, the seams of out jeans touching.

“Like, wetting?” He smashed his hand into his crotch once more. “Y-yeah, yeah, I’m in.”

“Alright, one.” I pressed him closer, and ran my hand through his course hair. “Two.” He tensed up, unprepared. “Three.” He released almost instantly, pouring down his jeans and onto mine. The warmth allowed me to wet easier as well, down the inside of my jeans. I moaned unintentionally. As I shook with pleasure, Josh leaned down and kissed me, pressing our bodies closer together as the golden fluid poured from both of us. It was ecstasy.

We both had finished little more than a minute later, and Josh was panting, unfamiliar with the sensations he had experienced.

“Do you think we can sneak back in without our Pokemon seeing us like this?” Josh said, glancing at each of our soaked, dark jeans.

“Yeah, they’re probably hiding from us anyway.” I laughed nervously. “Let’s be quiet, though.”

We sneaked into my house, Josh tip-toeing out of fear of being discovered. We made it into my room, and the washer was visible from my opened closet door. Josh looked at it nervously.

“Alright, strip.” I commanded, and Josh stared at me with hesitation.

“…yeah, um, right.” He turned around, and started undressing. He tossed his clothes into the wash, and after finding the detergent, began measuring the needed amount. Once he was done pouring, I tossed my clothes in as well, to his shock.

“You’re, um, going to wash yours too? Like, a-at the same time?” Josh stared transfixed at my naked, ebony body.

“Why not?” I pushed him onto my bed, and tackled him, pressing myself onto his still-warm crotch…

$$

$$

$$

*028*2012-06-06 18:07

(Josh POV)

And hour later, the clothes from the washer and drier had finished being cleaned, and Sandy and I were cuddling in bed.

“So, are we going out?” Sandy’s hand grazed my face, and I gazed back into her soft, azure eyes.

“After all that? I don’t know…” She punched me playfully. “Yeah, of course.” I kissed her dark red lips. Suddenly, she groaned.

“What? What’s wrong?” I asked, worried.

“We should probably check on our Pokemon… make sure they haven’t caused any mischief, or that Wigglyuff hasn’t found her box of treats in the cupboard."

“Is that why she’s a bit…erm, ‘bigger’ then the others?”

“Yeah. She’s been known to down whole boxes if she finds them.” Sandy laughed. I stretched reluctantly.

“Alright, let’s turn out Pokespeaks back on then…” I fiddled with the device in my ear.

"-th to deaf ears, EARTH to deaf ears!" I heard Static thinking on repeat.

"I just turned it on, gimme a break!" I said sheepishly.

"Finally. You dudes were out FOREVER. Wigglytuff over here-"

"Hi!" Wigglytuff interrupted.

"Um, yeah, hi." Static regained his thoughts. "Anyway, we’re all starving. She said there were apples outside in the forest, I was wondering…?" Static insinuated. I adjusted my pokespeak so Sandy could also hear me.

"I’ll do us one better, I know it’s late, but do you guys want to roam the town and get something from the Sinnoh diner across from the Poke-mart?"

"YES." Static and Wigglytuff exclaimed at once. Sandy laid in bed next to me, looking amused.

"Promise you won’t break something this time?" She thought just to me.

###

Two weeks later, we were parting ways. School had finally ended for me, and new adventures beckoned us both. With a short promise that she would check her phone more often, and a promise I would return back to Celadon City frequently, on my less-then-eager Skarmorry.

"Are you quite finished, or shall I turn to dust waiting for you? I suppose the world would not miss me; perhaps it would even be better off." My emotional Skarmorry commented, looking into the distance. I sighed.

"Don’t talk like that, Skarmorry, you know you are loved." I petted his silver, metalic down. He turned away.

“Alright. Visit soon! I’ll keep in contact with you, I promise!” Sandy waved as I flew off, off to the new, virgin lands I had never before explored – the Sevii Islands. I had received news by an announcement there that there was a Pokemon adoption/babysitting service that was in need of assistance. He had been rather vague, but it intrigued me nonetheless, along with the prospect of visiting the Isles.

“Goodbye!” I shouted to Sandy, approaching the clouds. I felt the wind tussle my orange hair, and the mist rush across my face, and thought of Sandy once more… I missed her already.

*029*2012-06-12 02:16

After flying for quite some time, and making dull conversation with my depressed Skarrmorry, we landed on the Sevvi islands. Once Skarr landed, I slid down his silver back (carefully, to avoid further aggravation to my foot) and stood next to him, petting his metallic feathers.

"Your beast of burden. Is that all I am? Is that all I’m meant for in this world, to carry you from place to place? I’m not mad I suppose, at least there’s one thing in life I’m good at." Skarmorry looked towards the sea.

"Skarr, you know you’re more important then that."

"Josh, I can sense when you’re lying."

"Then you know I’m not." I said firmly. He remained silent. "Skarmorry, I’ve been ignoring this for too long. You’ve always been dark and poetic, but never depressed. What’s wrong, seriously?"

"Life has no meaning. I see everything for what it is, with no distractions of valor or color. Everything is simply different shaded of gray, of soul crushing depression."

"What happened, Skarr."

"Different shades of gray, melting down into the eventual pit of oblivion. Nothing matters in this world, all of our actions are eventually meaningless. Our anger, hate, heroism, love…"

"Love?" I asked. Skarr turned to me with tears in his normally fierce, bird eyes.

"Love. She never loved me." He collapsed into a pile of feathers , sobbing. "It doesn’t matter. Nothing does."

"Who…?" Oh shoot, he’s talking about the ditto from the daycare. About a month ago, a put Skarmorry in the daycare so he could have more interaction from different

Pokemon… I suppose he got a bit more ‘interaction’ then I had thought. "We can talk. Pokemon don’t mate for life, there will be tons of other Pokemon that find you-"

"Not like her…" He turned off his poke-speak. I sat beside him and petted his metallic coating, and together we watched the sun set, on another beautiful day…

As the moon rose on the blackened shores of the Sevvi islands, I returned Skarr to his Luxuryball. I was honestly concerned. He had always been dark, but never to this extent. He needed something happy in his life again. It wasn’t an immediate concern, I knew I could keep Skarr in stasis inside his Pokeball for eternity and he wouldn’t age a day, but before I flew with him again I wanted a plan.

I tossed another Luxuryball into the air, and after a bright flash of red, my furry yellow companion stood at my side. He yawned.

"Oh, good, night. I’m exhausted." He fell forward onto the ground and feigned sleep.

"Hey, at least help me set up the blanked and sleeping bags!"

"ZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz" he thought loudly. I sighed, but laughed to myself setting up the necessary supplies. I grabbed him by the foot and shoved him head-first into his sleeping bag.

“PiKAAAA!” he shouted in duress, then swiched to telepathy. "hey, I could suffocate in here!"

"I could only hope." I laughed, and he poked his head out.

"Not funny." He pouted, turning away from me.

"You know I love you." I pushed him playfully, and he rolled away.

"Hey, ow! Yeah, yeah, whatever, sappytrainersayswhat?" Static replied. I laughed, then snuggled into my own sleeping bag, and drifted asleep…

###

A wondrous pink-teal sky greeted me as I arose. The new sunlight illuminated the previously shaded island, erasing the memory of the previous darkness. Static snored peacefully beside me, his consciousness empty of any large thoughts.

I didn’t disturb him, and took the time to think about Skarr. I hadn’t neglected him, I just thought the problems would resolve themselves. Was I foolish? I shook my head. Thoughts of blame wouldn’t help Skarr, solutions would.

I felt a famiar tug at my thoughts, as a reluctant Pikachu squinted angrily at the morning sun. Static pulled the sleeping bag over his head and though-mumbled some choice obscenities.

"You awake yet?" I prodded at his dazed mind.

"…no." He said stubbornly. He peeked out of the sleeping bag. "Do I have to get up yet?"

"Nah. You can sleep more if you want to."

"…Meh, I’m up." He crawled out of his sleeping back and rolled it up terribly, and then handed the crumpled mess to me. I rolled my eyes.

"Thanks…" I stuffed the mess into my backpack.

"Where are we going today?" Pikachu asked with a curious grin.

"Lets check out the Pokemon adoption place." It would be a small walk there, and it would give me time to think about Skarr. Maybe something there would help me figure out what to do…

*032*2012-06-22 04:33

Static pushed the door open, and we both entered a dank, shaded building. The door hit a bell that I assumed was meant to ring to alert employees of potential customers, but instead it simply clanked softly. It was broken.

A heavy older woman sat at a desk adjacent to the entrance, smoking a cigarette. She looked unhappy to see us, her already wrinkled face twisted into a look of distrust.

“What do you want?” A puff of grey smoke blew towards us, making me momentarily consider leaving.

“Is…this the pokemon adoption center?” I asked, looking cautiously around at the musky, degraded building.

“Yeah, yer in the right place. You musta been one of dem trainers that got the letter, huh?” She stared at me with, bored, glazed over eyes. “We only got one left, and trust me, you don’t want ‘em.”

“What’s wrong with …” I thought hard for a quick moment. Calling a Pokemon ‘it’ was a grave insult, which made it difficult when you didn’t know the gender. If I messed this up, Pikachu wouldn’t let me hear the end of it. “…That pokemon?” I concluded. Static nodded happily.

“It’s all screwed up.” Static bristled. “It ain’t a purebred, and it’s stupid as hell. Damn thing can’t even go outside without jumping at its own shadow.” The lady blew another puff of grey smoke. Pikachu bristled at the sound of hearing ‘purebred’, a term normally used for animals, not Pokemon. Also, he was not pureblooded, a fact that only intensified his hatred for the word. Her use of ‘it’ didn’t help matters.

"Calm down. She’s not worth it." I told Static. He stood behind me, glaring at the employee. “Can we see the pokemon anyway?” I asked.

“Whatever.” She blew another coulomb of smoke, and left through an employee door.

"AUGH! I HATE humans." Static raged. "Making us into ANIMALS. Calling us RODENTS and PUREBLOODED or MUTTS. There is NOTHING wrong with me! I can fight just as well as any other pureblooded Pikachu, I’ll show you!" He pointed menacingly at the door. Static remained quiet for a moment. "Y-you think I’m just as good as like, a pureblood, right Jo-"

"Of COURSE." I interrupted. "Don’t even think otherwise." He smiled.

"I don’t really hate humans…" He apologized. I rolled my eyes and made sure he felt appreciated.

The elderly woman pushed open the door, revealing a frightened charmander. It hugged her leg, eyeing us like a cornered sheep would eye a wolf, full of morbid fear. The woman shook her leg vilontly, kicking the charmander off her.

“Git!” She exclaimed. The Charmander landed on his stomach, cringing and putting his hands over his head. I couldn’t help glaring at the employee for how she treated the Charmander.

“Do you have a Pokespeak that he could use to talk with me?” I asked her, through gritted teeth. She stared back with her dull eyes.

“That devil technology isn’t to be used HERE. We don’t need to talk to animals.” She pushed Charmander closer to me with her foot. “You want him or what?”

I frowned. Normally it was customary to talk with the Pokemon first, to discover what his or her interests were, and to see if the two of you were compatible. In this circumstance, I figured anywhere was better than here for the little guy. “Yes, I’ll take good care of him. Is this your last Pokemon?”

“Yerrpers. Now I can retire from this dump, and we can finally burn it to the ground. Should have happened long ago.” She tossed her still burning cigarette onto the carpet.

I glared once at the obese woman as she slowly killed herself with the cigarettes. I picked up the Charmander and held him carefully in my arms.

“Bye.” I pushed the door open, Static at my heels. Once we were a short distance away we both sighed in unison. What a terrible experience.

"At least someone’s life got better." I thought to static, referring to the shivering Charmander in my arms. "I’m not sure he’s well. Lets go to the Pokemon Center down the road, give him a checkup and buy another Pokespeak for him."

"Sounds good." Static bounded at my feet. "Any place is better than that place…"

“You don’t need to explain it to ME, I know that woman is a demon.” An understanding nurse spoke, while checking the charmander. “I’ve been trying to get her lisence for Pokemon adoption taken away for years, but to no avail. You’re a saint for taking this guy out.”

“Thanks. Is there anything wrong with…” I hesitated again, trying not to say ‘it’.

“Healthy male.” She said, sensing my distress. I smiled.

“Thanks. Before we go, do you have any Pokespeaks for sale? I don’t have a spare, and the woman there didn’t-” As I spoke, the nurse tossed the small devise into my unprepared hands.

“On me. You’re doing a nice thing here, it’s the least I can do.” She smiled.

“Awesome, thanks!”

“Don’t mention it. Take good care of that charmander, don’t be shy about coming back here if there’s any trouble!”

“Ok, thanks so much!” I fumbled with the machine on the way out, making sure it was set correctly. After walking a short distance, Static and I stopped by a nearby tree. Charmander stood several feet away from us, his black eyes wide with caution. He eyed the Pokespeak suspiciously.

“it’s alright” I said, trying to soothe him with my voice. I approached him slowly, and he cringed with anticipation. I patted his head as he shook in anxiety, and slid the Pokespeak onto his scalp.

"-going to hurt me! I don’t know this place, are you going to hurt me? You are, I’m sure of it.” His large, reptilian eyes closed, and a large tears appeared at the corners.

"I’m not going to hurt you, I promise." I lifted him lightly, and placed him with static near the tree. I sat next to them both.

"Everyone’s hurt me. I’ve never been outside the house before…everything outside looks scary." He hugged his tail, and cried softly.

"Hey, it’s not so bad out here. There’s a lot of fun stuff to do, and things to see!" I tried to brighten the Charmander’s mood, but he looked as terrified as ever.

"Look, wuss." Static chimmed in. "We’re POKEMON. Our parents lived outside, you were probably conserved outside, and chances are we’ll be living a lot of our lives OUTSIDE. Get use to it."

"Static!" I berated my insensitive Pikachu. "Be nice."

"I am!" He thought-shouted, causing the Charmander to cry harder. "Look at this, he’s a huge cry-baby! I’ll toughen him up, lets teach him to battle!" Static’s cheeks charged with electricity.

"STATIC. NO. If you can’t behave I’m going to put you in the pokeball until all this is resolved."

Static shocked the ground near Charmander, causing him to yelp in shock. "Come on, just a LITTLE fun Josh!"

"Return." I clicked the pokeball on the belt, absorbing him in a beam of scarlet light. Charmander stood petrified; his teary eyes staring up into my own. "Come, sit by me. I won’t hurt you."

Charmander remained motionless for a moment, then slowly inched his way toward me. I waited patiently.

Eventually he sat down next to me, trembling slightly. I made no movement to scare him.

"I’m sorry, we keep calling you ‘Charmander’. I realize some pokemon like being called their species names, but others like to choose other names. What is your name?" I asked him, calmly.

"My name?" He looked confused. "Matilda never talked to me much. I guess ‘It’?" I cringed involuntarily.

"Is there a name that you would want to be called? I think it is a little… um…" I thought of a better way to phrase my concern over the treatment of the Charmander.

"Short?" He asked.

"…Yeah, ok. Do you have anything else in mind?"

"Can you give me some options?" He asked happily. He still looked fearful, but he looked more curious and upbeat now.

"Well, you’re a fire type, and typically Pokemon names are indicative of their type. For example, many people name their Pikachu’s after electrical terms, so the names are usually ‘sparky’, or ‘shocker’ and such."

"Or Static!" He grinned, understanding the topic.

"Exactly. Since you’re a fire type, normally it would be something like ‘Flare’ or ‘match’ or something. Those are bad example." I shook my head.

"What about Nova? I heard that Nova’s are giant stars in the sky that are big and strong. Maybe one day I could live up to my name."

“Nova…” I said the name out loud, testing it on my tongue. "That’s a good choice. It’s fairly unique, I think people will be impressed with it when you tell them."

"People?" He shrunk back. "What kind of people?"

"Nice people." I thought calmly. "I’m a trainer, my pokemon and I travel the world to see new areas and to find new adventures. We also battle other pokemon for fun."

"NO! Nonononono, I HATE battling!" He covered his face with his paws. "Please don’t make me battle. It’s scary, and it makes me feel sick."

"You don’t have to battle if you don’t want to. You don’t even have to stay with me, if you don’t want to. If you wanted, I could bring you back to the city, and drop you off at a nice adoption house, and you could get adopted by a breeder, or a researcher."

"No. You…seem different. You’re nice. I like you." Nova stuck out his little Charmander limbs and hugged me. I smiled.

"Do you mind watching battles?" I asked, after a moment. "Static’s full of, um, ‘confidence’, and he’s going to want to show you his skills."

"Better she use them on someone else then me." He shrugged. "Yeah, watching is okay."

"Wait, did you say ‘she’?"

"Yeah? Static is a she, isn’t she?"

"Noooooooooo…" I laughed. "Static is male."

"Oh, really? I couldn’t tell." Nova mumbled. I giggled harder. "I didn’t know! He looks kinda effeminate, okay!?" My arms wrapped around my sides as I convulsed with laughter. "Don’t tell him I said that! I was just, um…!" I tried to breath, but my laughter prevented the airflow to my lungs.

"Promise you won’t tell, okay? PROMISE!" I nodded, still in a fit of giggles.

*035*2012-06-24 05:08

“There’s almost no wild Pokemon here. Even the tall grass I sparse.” I spoke aloud, with Static an dNova trailing at my heels.

"We’re looking for wild Pokemon for Static to fight, right?" Nova asked.

"Yeah." I answered. "Static gets, um…" I thought to away of putting it gently…

"I get aggressive." He nodded toward me appreciatively. "It’s a trait usually Raichu only get, but for some reason I get it too. It’s because of the electrical charge, I just need to realize it every once in awhile, to SHOCK something, you know?" Static looked frustrated with himself. Nova and I looked reasuiringly at the little mouse, making him smile once more.

"I know a pokemon that Pikachu could battle!" Nova piped up. "She’s really nice, we talked sometimes."

"What type of Pokemon is it?" Static replied excitedly, suddenly much more interested in the conversation.

"She’s a Skarmorry, but she doesn’t look right. People make fun of her for looking the way she does, so she moved to that rock way over there." Nova pointed at a small island too small to be inhabited by humans. "She saw me the first time I ran away, and made me feel better. She even offered to battle me." Nova smiled, eyes misty with the memory.

"Well, what are we waiting for?" Static shouted impatiently. "Send out Skarr and have him fly us to the island!"

The gears in my head turned as I slowly made my plan. "Well…" I thought to Static and Nova, "That island is a bit small for a battle. Perhaps Skarr could convince her to battle over here?"

Static adjusted his Pokespeak so he was just communicating with me. "I know that feeling. What are you planning, Josh?"

"You’ll see" I smiled.

*037*2012-06-24 05:14

(Skarr POV)

I felt myself being torn from my blistful stasis once again. My lackluster metalic wings stretched themselves involuntarily as I gazed into the aged sunlight.

I wondered if apathy was the only escape from the pain in this word.

"Hey Skarr!" My trainer shouted over-enthusiastically. His eager tone sounded like dissonance to my cold, darkened heart.

"What do you command of me?" My monotone thoughts conveyed neither anger nor eagerness, it simply existed. Like myself.

"I don’t COMMAND anything of you." My trainer responded, smiling hesitantly. "I was just wondering if you could…"

His words were lost to my mine as my eyes caught sight of the most stunning Skarmorry I had ever laid eyes upon. Calling her radiant would be an insult. Her beauty was to cast for me to describe. Her bronze, glorious wings reflected the golden speckles of light, creating an aura of wondrous energy around herself. She extended her wings, showing odd the most amazing shade of forest green my eyes had ever beheld.

Her keen eyes redirected themselves at my own, and for once in my life, I was tongue-tied.

"So… what do you think about it, Skarr? Can you do it for me?" My trainer’s thoughts broke through my own. The Skarmorry flexed her wings and flew at me with amazing speed, touching down gracefully just feet from myself. Her scrutinizing gaze never left my eyes.

“Why do you stare at me?” She questioned, speaking in our harmonious, native tongue. “Do you wish to scoff at me, like the others? Do you wish to sell me to a circus, or put me in some kind of freak show, like all the others attempted to do!?” She created a quick gust of wind, sending my spiraling into the air.

“You misunderstand!” I spoke quickly, projecting my voice so she could hear it below. “We are travelers who have stumbled upon this place by accident. We do not wish to capture or harm you in any way, and I would never scoff at your splendor.”

“Do not mock me with your words, I know of my odd coloration. It is not a note of pride, but rather a discord; a deformity worthy of death in my kin.”

“Then they are fools, for a deformity is not a fitting word for your beauty. My dull metallic wigs weep in comparison.” The dark green interior of her wings complemented the golden bronze coloration in a way I had not believed to be possible. “Truly you are a rare and spectacular creation.”

She turned from me, preening herself in embarrassment. “You are too kind, traveler.”

“Rather, I am too shallow, too ignorant to describe one as radiant as you. Please, call me Skarr.” I landed next to her, and touched her forehead to my own. She brushed her reflective, golden bronze wing on my own, and together they glistened like silver and gold.

I heard the far away struggles of Josh and Static.

"Hey, lemme go! I was promised a battle, I intend to get it…!"

"Later!" Josh commanded to the impatient Pikachu. Charmander trailed not far behind. I shot a quick message of gratitude towards Josh for my solitude, then turned my full attention to the wondrous creature in front of me.

“You have me at a disadvantage; I don’t believe I caught your name.” I crooned, caressing her ductile bronze neck. She smiled.

*041*2012-06-25 04:18

{{: 

Shiny?

}}

Upvote for you sir :3 though that would have been explained next update!

{{: 

Wow... your story has moved me. It makes my story pathetic in comparison. You, sir, are a master of the written word. Like Skarr... there just simply aren't enough words in the english language.... to describe this.... masterpiece.

}}

:3 "3 oh stop it you...

*044*2012-06-27 05:00

(Josh POV)

"Was she a shiny? Why are we leaving? JOOOSH, ANSSWWEEERRR MEEEEE!" My annoying Pikachu pestered. "If she was a shiny, that’s like, really rare, right? We should capture her! I could help, you know. I bet-"

I ignored him and continued walking. His thoughts buzzed like a tiny insect in my mind.

I felt a twinge in my bladder, and Pikachu stopped. We had similar ideas at once. Ever since our adventure at Sandy’s house,we liked to play hold it games. We hadn’t recently due to Skarr’s disapproval, but now that he was away we could do whatever we wanted. I smiled, and reached into my bad, before realizing there was one other person we needed to consider.

"Hey Nova?" I sat on the calm, summer grass and beckoned to him. He waddled over and looked at me curiously. "Hey, have you ever played any ‘hold-it’ games, Nova?"

"Hold-what?"

"Like, seeing how long you can go without peeing." I smiled awkwardly at what I knew to be an odd question.

"Sometimes Matilda wouldn’t let me go outside when I needed to pee, but I never did it on purpose." Nova looked confused. "Is it a game you guys play? Does it hurt?"

"Not really. You don’t have to play if you don’t want to." I answered. Nova pondered for a moment, before Static interrupted.

"It’s fun, and it’ll be like a little an initiation!" Static interjected, tossing a water bottle at Nova. His throw was less the superb, and the bottle bounced off Nova’s head, causing him to real back and fall. Nova rubbed his head.

"Don’t pressure him." I scolded Static. He rolled his eyes.

"Can I just watch you guys?" Nova rolled the bottle back to me.

"Yeah, of course." I nodded to Nova, and he smiled appreciatively. "Standard rules, Pikachu?"

"Yup." He downed a fourth of the bottle, and I downed half. Charmander watched us anxiously.

###

Less than an hour later Static and I were both squirming about. I thought I would be at a disadvantage considering I needed to go at the beginning of our little game, but it turns out Static was in a worse condition then I was from the start.

He danced around from foot to foot, occasionally stopping to grab himself. I was a bit more modest, simply standing still with my legs crossed hard, making a large V shape in the crotch of my jeans. I bit my lip.

Out of the corner of my eye I caught charmander drinking from the waterbottle I dropped on the ground. Nova eyed us with interest, sipping from the half-full bottle. I crossed my legs a bit tighter.

“Kaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh…..!” Pikachu exclaimed, bouncing up and down, cluching himself with both hands now. "Needtopee, needtopee, needtopee, needtopee, needtoPEE!"

"Close to losing, Static?" I taunted, uncrossing my legs. I ignored the instant increase in pressure, his expression was worthy of a momentary inconvenience.

"S-shut up!" He kneeled down, squeezing himself for all he was worth. I resumed my crossed legs state. Nova never tore his eyes of Static’s desperation.

"Ah!" He lost control for a moment, and a small stream ran down his midsection. He squeezed himself tighter.

"You still playing?" Static growled in reply.

He continued holding. Static rolled around in the grass, gripping his crotch desperately. After a short time, he jumped up to gain a better position, but lost it on the way.

Pee gushed out of him like a fountain, soaking the grass below. Anger turned to pleasure, as he relaxed when he accepted his loss. He sighed, relieved of the burden. Nova quickly wiped the drool from his mouth.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh…" Static thought, as the torrent of pee finally came to an end. "Dang, were you even close to wetting? I don’t care, that was great…" He fell down on some dry grass, reliving the moment of release in ecstasy.

"I’m close, maybe half an hour." I groaned, crossing my legs tigher. "It’s for the best; I don’t have any way of washing these. We would have had to use the sea, and that always makes the clothes scratchy and uncomfortable until you can get a fabric softener."

"It’s SOOOOO worth it though…" Static remarked, still reliving the memory. I smiled.

"Well, to the victor the spoils. I get to go pee!" I dashed to a nearby tree and hid behind it, adjusting myself accordingly. It seemed like the damn zipper was stuck. Again.

"Wait, YOU get to pee?" Nova thought to me, confused. "Awww, I was looking forward t-, err, I thought you would have to wet too!"

"Nope! That’s the beauty." After what seemed like an eternity, I managed to wedge the zipper free, and unbutton my boxers. Before I even relaxed, the pee burst out, drenching the tree bark in front of me. The relief was orgasmic, and I let out a moan unintentionally. After a little more than a minute, the stream slowed, and trickled off. I stood there for a moment, reliving the relief.

After the moment had passed, I zipped back up and returned to our little circle. Nova had a wide grin on his face.

"Is it too late to add another member?" Nova looked pleadingly at us.

"Well, if you join now we will have both lost." Static and I both laughed, but Nova looked disappointed. "You can play against yourself if you want. No clothes to wash, I’ll keep track of the time and how much you drink."

"Ok!" He grinned, guzzling the rest of his water bottle. I smiled and started my stopwatch.

*046*2012-07-02 03:57

Some time later, Pikachu was attempting to teach Charmander how to hold properly. Charmander was shy about doing anything overt, so Static took it upon himself to help him remain discreet. I laughed at their little struggle, but my mind wandered elsewhere.

I wondered how Sandy was doing. I sent her a text this morning and she hadn’t replied, though I supposed that wasn’t atypical. I flipped my cellphone between my fingers.

"You don’t even have legs, how do you know it helps?" Nova exclaimed from a distance. I grinned at their shenanigans.

"It works. Just, like, turn your feet inwards like THIS, and kinda bend down a bit. It takes the edge off." Static explained. He turned to me and made rude signs about Nova’s intelligence, then his eyes caught the sight of my phone.

"Hey, did Wigglytuff say anything?"He loathed looking vulnerable, so he added, "Not that I really care, I was just, you know, wondering."

"Staaaatic!" Nova whined, "I think I’m close, but I don’t really know." His small hands were balled into fists in front of himself.

"No way, you’re not even to the crotch-grabbing stage yet." Static waved Charmanders concerns condescendingly. Charmander grumbled under his breath.

The sun was rapidly setting over the wondrous Sevvi islands, shooting beams of orange and pink through the abstract wanderings of the clouds. Another wonderful day.

"Hey Pikachu?" I thought to Static. He turned his attention away from the complaining Charmander momentarily. "I thought the Pokemon adoption center would be more of a…well, PROBLEM. As it turns out, Matilda was just a whiny old hag who wanted to get rid of her Pokemon."

"What’s your point, Josh?"

"That’s the reason we came here, to explore the Sevvi Islands, but more so to help out. Now that that’s solved-"

"You wanna go back!?" Static wagged his tail unintentionally. "Could we hang out at Sandy’s house for a bit? Maybe have another battle?!"

"You just want to see Wiggly again. Chubby chaser."

"I am NOT! We were just talking in there, I told you that!"

"You left your Pokespeak on, Stat. May I tell you it was hard to have a conversation while feeling what-"

"WE WERE JUST TALKING!" Static insisted, blushing slightly redder then his electric cheeks. He stormed away, pouting.

"Awww, come on bud. You know I’m just messing around."

"Whatever." Static grumbled. "I’m going to go check on Charmander; make sure he doesn’t pee himself after only being a six on the ten scale."

I laughed at his little joke, and he smiled reluctantly. In the distance Charmander whined about his need, and the fact that he was alone. Static sighed and ran to help him.

*049*2012-07-03 15:30

It was finally night, and I had just finished making the campsite. Three sleeping bags (the particularly wrinkled one belonging to static) rested on a large, comfortable blanket. I had a tent, but it was almost never used due to the impeccable weather.

Charmander had lost it less than five minutes after Static had gone to ‘help’ him. Pee cascaded down his legs; he had refused to hold himself even after the line was crossed. Static had scolded him, and eventually Nova grumbled that next time he would try harder. He clocked out at 45 minutes, a time that both Static and I giggled at silently.

Nova feel asleep almost instantly. It had been a big day for the little guy, and I could tell he was content, even with Static’s pestering. Next to me, my Pikachu rolled back and forth uncomfortably in his sleeping-bag. I gazed at the stars.

"Hey Josh?" Static spoke after a long pause.

"Yeah?"

"…I do want to go back to Kanto. And… not just to battle." I smiled at Static’s response.

"Why else?" I asked.

"...I dunno. Wi…" He had trouble forming the thoughts to say to me. I smiled at his struggle. He could do it. "I don’t, augh. The time we hung out together after the battling was fun, I guess." Static attempted to conclude.

"We? You and who?" Static grumbled to himself, sinking further into his sleeping-bag.

"Wiggly. I do like her, you were right." He muttered, quickly tossing over, not facing me. I leaned over and scratched his ear, and he purred reluctantly.

"I know, Stat. I was just messing with you earlier. We’ll go see them tomorrow, after…"

"After what?"

"Well, someone’s gotta fly us there. Two someone’s if I can convince my awesome electric buddy to help me capture another certain flying/steel bird."

"WE GET TO CAPTURE THE SHINY SKARRMORY!? REALLY!?"

"Yeah! And you’re gonna help do it." I concluded, with Pikachu squealing in excitement. I snuggled further into my sleeping bag, and thought of tomorrow. Static and I both forgot to turn off our Pokespeaks, and our dreams were meshed together with those we cared for and missed.

$$

$$

$$

