Celebrity Saga 2

Author: Pain

*000*2015-04-02 16:57

Katy squirmed in her seat as a hairdresser worked on her tresses.

Half an hour ago ,Katy was sure that her need to pee wasn’t anything she needed to worry about or even pay attention to, but now it felt like she had underestimated her need to go.

The sparkling leotard she chose to wear for the concert looked well on her, but it hardly gave her rapidly filling bladder any room to grow.

Katy really wanted to pee before she went on stage ,but with only a few seconds left for her to go live, that wasn’t possible .

Now behind the wings, Katy stood with her hands placed on her butt, wiggling her thighs a bit, waiting for the signal to go in front of the massive audience that desperately awaited her.

“I should have used the loos…” she whispered to herself. She wished she had a few more minutes to go to the toilets before the performance started but unfortunately for her, that wasn’t the case.

An adrenaline pumping show was ahead of her and she wanted to give it her best irrespective of the fact that she had to pee.

The crowd was growing more impatient and annoyed with each passing moment . They had been here for hours now and yet there was no sign of the one they had come here for, their beloved star, Katy Perry.

Then suddenly amongst the loud buzzing sound of people talking ,came a voice, “This was never the way I planned…… not my intention….” and the crowd went out of control. It was Katy’s voice. The show had finally begun.

Carrying a considerable amount of urine in her bladder ,Katy walked onto the stage and a wide smile immediately ran through her face, when she saw her fans go berserk to catch a glimpse of her.

“I got so brave...drink in hand…lost my discretion…”, Katy crooned ,as she felt herself drowning in the bliss of music and the supportive chants from the crowd.

Each step she took reminded her of the river of urine in her bladder that awaited its release but her need was nothing compared to her joy.

This was her moment, thousands of people were cheering for her and this was what she wanted more than anything else in this world, even more than taking a pee.

There had been days when Katy would be forced to hold her pee for hours and hours due to her hectic working schedules. It was during those times that Katy became aware of her above average bladder capacity.

She had seldom pondered over what she would have done without her ability to hold her pee for so long. Frankly, Katy had experienced her share of close calls, moments when she would get so close to wetting herself . But luck had always been on her side and she would always manage to get to a toilet before anything bad happened.

And Oh! The relief she would get while ultimately peeing after an entire day of hard work. Katy could literally feel all the stress, tension and pressure finally exiting her body along with her stream of pee.

Those private moments of relaxation were something Katy had come to really value off late.

After more than an hour or so of continuously singing and interacting with the audience, Katy knew it was time for a pee break.

She was surprised to notice how her need had grown dramatically over this short period of time. Being on stage and performing had completely taken her mind off from her need to pee but now when she had stopped, it had come back to her much more stronger and urgent than before.

But it was nothing to get worried about, she was on her way to the back stage anyway.

She was walking towards her dressing room when someone called her from behind. It was Gary, one of the event organizers.

Katy had known him since her initial days in the industry and he was one of the people she could really count upon. Gary had supported her during the time of her divorce with Russell. It was during those hard times that their friendship grew even stronger and Katy was glad to know that she had such a pillar of strength by her side .

She would tell him everything about what’s going on in her life and he would listen to her with utmost interest. It was a bond that they both cherish and valued .

“It was a great show …. but don’t take too long… you’ll go live again in 2…” Gary said .

Katy was somewhat taken aback when she heard this , that was not enough time to use the loos before she could go back.

“What? Seriously?! You can’t do that to me, I need more time…. I really have to use the restroom…” she said in a demanding tone.

“Well honey ,I can’t do anything about it….the script says you need to be back in 2…” Gary answered.

“Well can’t you do something?.. .I really have to pee, I would have never asked you if it wouldn’t have been so urgent…”

Gary noticed her rubbing her thighs together . He now knew that she was desperate, “Let me see what I can do..” he said , before he talked with the other organizers on phone.

“I am sorry Kate...it cannot be pushed…” he replied ,after his short conversation with the authorities came to an end.

“Oh please Gary…I need to pee so much…. did you tell them about it?” Katy asked in a concerned voice, clenching her fists tight and bouncing on her knees a bit.

“I did ,but they said that they don’t have that kind of time, you know…” he replied, giving her an apologetic look.

Katy couldn’t believe her ears. She was been asked to go back on the stage, in front of so many people ,while holding on to an almost full bladder .

She had been looking forward to this break from even before the time she went on stage and now, she was being denied her only chance to pee before the show concluded, which was easily gonna take more than an hour. Kate was not ready for it but she had no other choice.

She took a deep breath to calm herself down. An hour sounded long but doable. She was going to need every last bit of strength in her body to be able to last that long without showing any signs of desperation to the audience.

Her urge to pee was strong but her will to fight it was stronger.

With stiff legs and a stout body posture, Katy re-entered the stage with a wave of panache. The crowd was excited to have her back and they were expecting a lot more fun than before.

Katy tried to portray a calm and composed demeanor but in fact ,she was panicking from within. She sang as her bladder continued to fill and swell even beyond its capacity. Each step she took across the stage made her bladder ache so much.

She had never tried to hold it this hard. Her voice was beginning to shake under the strain of trying to keep her pee in.

Then suddenly, her eyes got stuck at the sea of people that had gathered to watch her perform there that night.

That feeling in her mind was not of joy or enthusiasm or even nervousness, that was a feeling of horror.

What if, she lost control and wet herself in front of so many people?

She didn’t even want to think about what kind of headlines it would have made if she peed herself in public.

Katy tried to take her mind off her severe need by focusing on her performance but her body was not in a condition to suppress her need any longer.

She tried to cross her legs in a casual fashion hoping not to look desperate to the audience. It helped but only a bit. She placed a hand on her throbbing bulging bladder and even that slight touch made her wince in agony.

She wanted to grab her crotch and squeeze her pee hole shut but she couldn’t do that in front of a live audience.

Katy stood still and crossed her legs more tightly as she continued to sing. She couldn’t afford to make too many movements in her condition.

She couldn’t remember the last time her bladder felt this full . Never had she been so desperate to pee in her life.

For the first time in her career , Katy wanted her concert to end before its scheduled time.

She absolutely had to pee, RIGHT NOW!

Just then she felt a tiny leak escape into her leotards. Katy gasped in shock and her eyes widened in horror.

Her small release forced her to stop singing for a second as she struggled to gain her composure back.

“I can do this…relax…just keep singing”, she told herself, looking at all the people staring at her. She didn’t dare to look down to see if there was any wet patch on the crotch of her dress.

Katy crossed her legs tighter and kept singing when her bladder was begging her to leave everything and rush to a toilet.

But Katy knew that wasn’t possible. Leaving the stage in-between the show may have angered the audience and not to mention ,the producers as well.

She was literally shaking with the effort to hold her pee.

She desperately wanted someone to stop the show so she could go use the loos.

"I need a wee, I need a wee, I need a wee…", was all what she could think of as she went on singing.

Her voice was wavering .Her body was getting stiffer and her bladder felt as hard as a rock.

She had never felt so vulnerable and weak.

With the mike in her hand, she tried to sing with whatever energy that was left inside her, “…In another life….I would make you stay….So I don't have to say…You were the one that got…” and then she abruptly stopped, before grabbing her crotch tightly.

Katy had just let out another trickle of pee into her panties. She stood there , looking at audience . She didn’t care if they could see her holding herself between the legs. There was no point trying to put up a pretense of grace when she was about to lose control and wet herself.

She needed everything she had to help herself hold on till the show ended and if holding her crotch made even a slight difference , then she was not going to stop herself from doing that.

More drops escaped and Katy’s face reddened with embarrassment and her ears felt hot. Her bladder control was slowly slipping. Her panties felt uncomfortably damp as she stood on the stage ,shivering with pressure .

There was an awkward silence from her side. For a moment ,no one could figure out why she had stopped singing all of a sudden or why she was grabbing her crotch. But now, it seemed like the entire concert hall knew the reason.

Katy was fighting a losing battle against her deliriously tired sphincters.

Tears filled up in her eyes as she mustered her remaining strength to bring the mike close to her mouth, “The one that got away…I was June and you were my Johnny Cash…never one without the other ,we made a pact…sometimes when I miss you….” she mumbled , but she couldn’t help her voice from shaking.

All this while she didn’t dare to take her hand off her crotch. A moment of relaxation and she was gonna lose control.

People were expecting Katy to walk around the stage and dance a bit as she sang but instead ,she stood there frozen still , with her legs crossed and a hand buried in her crotch.

The fact that she was even singing was a miracle in itself. Katy had to pee really badly and each and every soul in there knew that.

Most people in the crowd were taken aback to see her holding herself publicly . They wondered how desperate she would be to do that. But only a few of them were concerned about what was going on.

All of them had paid a huge sum of money to see the show and they didn’t care if the pretty lady had to pee. All what they wanted was the worth for their time and money and Katy was doing her best to give it to them.

Her voice cracked in between while singing , followed by a sudden gasp of shock, “Oh fuck!”, Katy said as she looked down.

A big, thick ,2 second long stream of pee escaped her hole, leaving a wet patch on her leotard and rushing past her fingers before hitting the floor, making a loud splattering noise.

The big LED screens showed exactly what had transpired but with a more closer view, leaving the onlookers aghast.

Tears rolled down Katy’s face as she bent double, trying to hold it. She squeezed her crotch with every ounce of strength left inside her but the small, continuous rivulet of pee running down her legs didn’t stop.

She looked down to the audience with eyes filled with helplessness. She was just moments away from having an accident.

She could listen to the screams and howls coming from the viewers , making her feel even more alone in that ocean of strange faces.

Urine started to rush out of her with tremendous force , this time with an even greater sound as it collided with the floor. Katy whimpered in agony but she couldn’t do anything, she was having an accident.

Her breathes came in wrecked sobs as she held her mouth in shock and embarrassment. The mike dropped off her hand.

She did her best to stop the flow but couldn’t. Katy couldn’t believe at what she was doing. She was wetting herself like a little school girl in front of thousands of people.

Most from the audience felt intrusive to have witnessed such an event, some even felt sorry for her but a few couldn’t control their laughter.

Katy’s pee continued to pour out of her , making a puddle under her feet. She straightened up and held her face in shame, feeling the hot urine running down her legs.

She wanted to move , walk away from there but her body felt like it was frozen. It was like suddenly her legs had stopped working.

There was a river of pee coming out of her and it didn’t feel like it was gonna stop anytime soon.

She kept on peeing for an entire minute while she stood there. Her palms felt so wet due the tears they had been covering.

She then quickly turned around and ran off to the back stage, with tears still dropping off her chin.

The gigantic puddle of pee she had left on the floor began to cool down . No one could believe that she was carrying so much inside her.

A dead silent back-stage area welcomed Katy. Every crew member had stopped working due to the shock of what had just happened.

Katy didn’t want anyone to look at her. With her head bent down in shame ,she turned to walk towards her room but was stopped by Trent’s loud voice,”What the fuck was that?!” he yelled.

Trent was one of the producers of the event and it didn’t look like he was happy with what had just transpired.

“What the hell did you just do? You ruined the entire show…” he shouted at Katy in rage. “Do you even realize what you have done?”

“I am sorry…” Katy wept. Everyone in there looked on as Trent yelled at her. They wanted to stop him, tell him that she already has had enough, but none of them stepped forward.

“I never thought you could be so unprofessional…” ,he barked.

“I am sorry Mr. Trent, I didn’t mean to do that…”,Katy wailed , standing with her hands coiled around her chest.

“Oh! Do you think I’ll not sue you for trying to spoil my event?” he continued mercilessly but then what he saw next left him shaken from within.

A small puddle was growing beneath Katy’s feet. Trent’s cold heart broke for the poor woman.

Katy, who was already humiliated beyond words , felt her hot urine running down her trembling legs.

“I am so sorry…. please forgive me…” she said in-between her broken sobs.

Trent couldn’t imagine how Katy had been dragging the show when she had to pee so much.

“I am sorry…Kate..” he said softly, as he saw her pool of urine expanding rapidly.

“Hey Kate! Are you alright?” came Gary’s voice.

She wanted to look up to him but couldn’t. Gary hoped she was fine but on seeing the huge puddle under Katy’s feet, he felt like hitting himself. Somewhere in the back of his mind , he held himself guilty for Katy’s situation.

Watching Katy cry in defeat , made him feel like someone had stabbed him with a knife in his chest.

He couldn’t see her like this. He wanted to help her but he himself felt so helpless.

“Don’t worry, I’ll get it cleaned up”, he said to Katy, before he held her by her shoulders and took her to the dressing room. He wanted to take her away from all those staring eyes.

Once in there , he sat her down on a chair and wiped her tears with his hands.

“It’s okay honey, it happens...it’s not a big deal…” he said, trying to condole her.

Katy couldn’t stop crying , she felt like she was breaking bit by bit from within. There was not even an ounce of confidence left inside her .All she wanted to do was run away from everyone and hide at someplace where no one could find her.

“I am sorry Gary…I tried so hard to hold it….” she spoke ,feeling choked after crying so much.

“Hey it’s not your fault honey, stop blaming yourself…” Gary said as he held her hands tight.

He even caressed her back in hopes of making her feel better and it did. The slow movement of his hand on her back had a soothing effect on Katy. Slowly but surely she started to feel better.

She felt so safe away from all that lime light .

After Gary left, Katy changed out of her wet clothes and put on a pair of dry jeans and a top.

She didn’t talk to anyone before she left, neither did she take any calls from the event producers.

She switched her phone off. She wanted to be alone , at least for a while.

Later that night , Katy cried her heart out while trying to sleep, leaving her pillow soaked with tears.

It took her a few days to move on from that incident . From then on she made sure to use the loos at every opportunity possible whenever she was not at home.

When her mom tried to talk to her about the incident, Katy brushed it off saying that it was past for her and she never wanted to look back to it.

Katy had always risen above all the adversities in life and this was just another small one. An accident wasn’t gonna stop her from winning hearts and inspiring people.

*004*2015-04-04 06:06

Thank you guys for the positive response. I am glad to you guys liked it. Although I observed that the only reputation point that I got for the story is gone now. I feel bad when I lose a hard earned reputation point without even knowing the reason. I am open to the fact that my posts may get down rated if they are against the forum rules and regulations but I would be more than grateful to know the reason behind it or else I will never be able to learn from my mistakes and rectify them in the future. If there is something wrong with the story please tell me and I will not repeat the mistake again.

*005*2015-04-04 12:44

Apart from all this, I would like to urge the readers to comment and criticize as much as possible, so that I may come to know about my shortcomings .

A lot of effort goes into writing a story and it is always helpful if a writer keeps getting feedback on his work.

A novice writer like me needs direction and that’s all what I want from you guys. This community has been so loving and accepting towards me since the day one and I wish to thank everyone one of you for reading my stories. Without your motivating words I wouldn't have existed as a writer. Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Love you all!

*008*2015-04-11 04:21

Thank you guys! I promise I will put more efforts into my future stories.

*013*2017-10-14 11:01

{{On 10/9/2017 at 8:09 AM, Peepeedancing said:

Really good story but when you said the mike dropped off her hand dont you mean the mic dropped out of her hand?

}}

Yes, I mean it fell off her hand. Is my sentence grammatically incorrect? Please tell me.

