Lula's embarrassing secret - Page 11

Author: omobecca

*203*2020-12-15 22:16

Slightly overwhelmed by the responses so thank you all

I was worried after taking a break people would have lost interest. I did for a while but I have for a lot of things. This also explains the 4 month gap in the story. I had meant to put 4 but obviously hit 5 instead, whoops. Thanks for pointing that out for me!

I think I might definitely do episodes from the perspectives of Rosie and Sakura. I hadn't thought of that but it's nice to see that's what people want to read.

Thank you again all

*208*2020-12-18 02:01

A Leaky Lockdown – Rosie

*As I open my eyes, Hold it, Focus, Hoping*

Rosie locked her phone opened her hand, letting it slide onto the bedsheet beside her. She stretched and exhaled. The warmth of her breath spread over her lips and chin as she pulled the duvet tighter to her face.

*I know you were way too bright for me, I’m hopeless, Broken*

Rosie instinctively smiled as Harry Styles’ voice gently woke her up. She could feel the slight hum of her phone vibrate over her sheet as she hugged her pillow. She stretched again, pointing her feet and scrunching her toes. Her thighs and calves rubbed against one another as she adjusted her position. No matter how she moved though, she couldn’t lose the strain in her stomach.

*You’re so golden (da, da, da, da, dada), You’re so golden (da, da, da, da, dada), I’m out of my head, And I know you’re scared, Because hearts get broken*

Hmph. Golden. Heh.

Rosie stopped shuffling and stayed resting on her right side. Her right leg was folded up towards her backside and her left was stretched out. She hadn’t done this in a few days but knew exactly what the bloated strain was in her stomach. As always, she took a while to convince herself but had already made up her mind; even if her Mum was getting progressively more concerned with her accidents.

Because they are… accidents. As long as she still thinks that…

Rosie smiled to herself as she untensed her crotch and instantly felt the familiar hot wave spread over her inner thighs.

*But I can feel it take a hold (I can feel it take a hold), I can feel you take control (I can feel you take control)*

Rosie hardly moved as she continued to wet. Whilst she did most… well all… of her bed wettings on purpose, she preferred to let it all come naturally. If her accidents were to truly be ‘accidents’ then this is how they would happen; freely, naturally, and supposedly innocently. Even though she knew she was doing it on purpose, she believed if she felt like it was an accident then it was easier for her to convince both herself and her parents.

As she pulled the duvet over her left ear she could hear the heated pool form beneath her. The dampness spread outwards on the sheet slowly reaching her knees and chest. Still leaking, Rosie rolled around so her body was face down. She turned her head so not to smother her face in the pillow. She could feel the material of her t-shirt and shorts cling to her skin. They felt weighty and saturated. As she rested her crotch back onto the mattress she could feel the tepid puddle build up against her chest and belly.

Mmmmmmmmmmmmhauhhhhh.

Slowly, but deliberately, Rosie began to raise and lower her crotch into the wet patch beneath her. She had pretty much finished peeing. All she seemed to have left was a few last dribbles. Her heart rate increased.

*Golden (da, da, da, da, dada), You’re so golden, I don’t wanna be alone*

Ugmmh. Ohh. Hmmmmph.

She pulled her head back into the pillow and let out a groan. Her face heated up as she exhaled. She could feel strands of hair stick to her forehead and cheeks with drops of sweat. After a couple of tender thrusts onto her mattress, she slid her right hand between her damp body and saturated sheet. As her fingers reached the waistband of her shorts she immediately felt a pulse through her body. She inhaled sharply. Moving her fingers closer she could feel she was rock hard. Within seconds of fiddling with her fingertips to get beneath her sodden knickers, the tickle of her own hand against her crotch finished her off.

Her legs tensed and muscles spasmed. Even though she’d finished peeing she felt full again. Her body naturally pushed as a rush of tension swallowed her from the inside. Rosie could feel her breasts start to damped from the sheet beneath her although, it might have also been sweat. Still inhaling sharply, she instantly raised her head and pushed it back into the pillow. The pressure in her chest increased as she gasped. This pushed her belly into the sheet and caused a lukewarm puddle build up against her. As the tension faded she felt her muscles relax and her legs soften. Breathing deeply, she pulled her hand from her crotch and laid it beside her. Quickly, she regained composure. She had no idea how many times she’d wet the bed now but it had got to the point that she didn’t mind how much mess was made. Her Mum would clean the bedding anyway. She continued to slow her breathing with her eyes closed.

*Stop, What the hell are you talking about?*

Rosie snapped her eyes open.

Shit. How long did I sleep again for? Shit. Shitshit.

She hurriedly rolled over to face her phone again. As she did, her t-shirt and shorts pulled as they stuck to the sheet.

Ugh. What? Oh… oh yeah.

She fought with her saturated mess and shifted until her clothes weren’t creased. Her phone read 09:17.

Good. Phew. Still time.

Her online class was at 10:00. She had no idea how long she’d napped for, or at what time she’d woken up previously and wet.

Everything was cold. Everything also smelled very obviously of pee. Rosie sighed.

She won’t mind. It’ll be fine. It’s been… what? Thr…four days? I think. It’ll be fine. I’ve gotta get this all off before the class though. Fuck. Ugh.

She hated the clean up.

Might as well… make the… most of it? Quickly though.

Rosie rolled back onto her back. She winced at the soaked feeling beneath her. She raised her legs so her knees were in the air and her feet placed firmly on the damp sheet beneath. Rosie placed her hands on her abdomen and started to push. If there was anything left this would surely get it out.

Even the duvet covering her had become wet. After a good ten minutes of pushing she felt a sensation in her bladder. She tensed and tensed some more. Slowly but surely, the pressure built inside her and she was holding again. She had no idea how much but there was definitely some there.

*So go have fun, I really couldn’t care less, And you give em’ my best bust just know...*

Rosie lifted her head into her pillow and, once again, let it flow. This one took a little longer but eventually she felt the gusset of her knickers dampen again before a wave of fresh, hot pee gushed against the cotton. This flow spread over the inside of her crotch and straight down towards the bed. Very quickly, a new puddle formed underneath her. The sound of pooling liquid was louder this time. She didn’t feel as excitable this time but instead more relieved. She had to clean this all up soon.

She patted the heels of her feet against the new puddle as she shifted her backside into the mattress. She sighed.

Rosie threw the duvet to the other end of her bed and sat up to observe the damage. As expected, very wet. Her bubblegum, pink shorts were a shade darker and clinging to her legs. The pastel blue sheet was much darker and the pattern of the waterproof sheet could be seen through the material.

Hmph. Uhhhh.

The sheet had obviously reached its capacity directly under her as a thin puddle would move around her as she shifted her weight. After a few seconds of deliberation. Rosie unlocked her phone and raised it above her.

Nah, can’t see.

She lowered it to her eye level so she could make out the screen as she pointed it towards her crotch where she sat. She took a few pictures before choosing the one most in focus. She smiled and deleted the others. The photo she kept was moved to the ‘Hidden’ folder. Still smiling, Rosie scrolled up and down in the folder before locking the phone and putting it aside.

Forty five minutes? Change the sheets, shower, get dressed. Hair? Hmm. I smell… I can do this.

Rosie swept her legs out the side of her bed and used some remaining dry sheet to wipe down her feet and legs. She turned and took one last look at her wet evidence before opening her curtains and window. She had to get the smell out somehow…

*213*2020-12-27 02:55

Hope everyone had a lovely Christmas, all things considered! Turns out I'm getting better at handling my spirits x3 Keep staying safe and well and let's all see what 2021 brings us next week!

A Leaky Lockdown – Sakura

Sakura winced as she smiled and gently waved at the camera on her laptop. She exhaled deeply before pushing the screen to the keyboard. She moaned.

Unable to rise from her seat straight away, she squeezed her thighs together tightly and cradled her belly. The hair on her arms bristled as she brushed her pinkie fingers over smooth softness of her spandex shorts. The carpet pressed beneath her bare toes as she pushed at the floor. The wheels of the chair, which they’d moved to the dining room for her lessons, forced their way through the heavy carpet until they stuck in place. Sakura tensed her legs further as they stretched out.

Sakura hastily relaxed out of pain and felt a rush through her abdomen. She felt the crotch of her underwear and shorts dampen. The heat spread as she watched the material glisten. She squealed and tensed once more.

Luckily, her father was in his office busy tapping away in his office working from home. Her mother was working through the pandemic. Sakura knew whatever happened here would be in complete secrecy. That’s how she liked it. How it had to be. No one could find out what she sometimes did. This thing she sometimes did… she didn’t know why. It’s wrong. Unnatural. Unclean. But excitable? Fun because it’s wrong? Fun because her friends like it? Well, they do it.

I don’t know if they like it… Hmm. Should I like it? DO I like it? Oh no. I think it’s okay I’m not hurting anyone. Oh no. Owwwwwww…

Sakura peered down at her crotch. The shorts tightly hugged her legs. They also revealed a darker, tainted spot between her legs. Both her knees were bobbing. She ran her fingers over her crotch to feel the dampened fabric and leaned back in her chair. She let out an audible moan then panicked, slapping her hands to her mouth.

Shit. Shut up. Sara’s upstairs! I can’t let her… She can’t… I can’t… not here!

Sakura and her younger sister were close. Sara would often spend each day in Sakura’s room to make the lockdown easier. The only time she wouldn’t was during Sakura’s online lessons. She felt bad for doing this but would sometimes pretend the lessons went on for longer so she could spend some time alone. She inhaled deeply through her fingers once more and closed her eyes. Her bladder twitched.

Another leak uncontrollably swelled through her knickers and shorts. This time, she felt the wave spread further and dribble between her buttcheeks.

“Ach!”

With her hands warmed from her breath, she forced them between her legs and cut the leak short. She quickly forced herself out of the chair and turned to see she had left a shiny stain against the leather. She squeezed her thighs together as she stood in agony. The harder she forced her hands into her crotch, the more the swelling of her bladder ached. But, also, much to her pleasure, sent waves of excitement pulsing through her body. She could feel her nipples stiffen and tingle as if they were being gently tickled. She clamped her eyes shut and scrunched her face. The curtains of the dining room were wide open and the light shone through. If anyone was looking into her house they would see her desperation. I neeeeeed to get to the bathroom.

Opening her eyes and leaping across the carpet and tried to gently open the door to the dining room. She could immediately hear her father’s deep voice in an opposite room. As usual, he had locked himself away. Peering left, she saw that Sara didn’t seem to be downstairs. Sakura hastily made a break for the staircase. Her left hand was jammed firmly against her crotch. She could feel the shape of the knuckle of her forefinger as it seemed to fit perfectly against her. As she slowly and painfully climbed the stairs, Sakura could hear Sara murmuring in her room. She knew that the moment her sister heard her she’d come running out to greet her. Almost at the landing, she could see Sara’s door open.

Shitshitshit.

“Sakoooraa!?” sung her sister’s voice.

Nonononono.

“Hang… wait!” Sakura squealed as she almost fell up the stairs, pushing away with her right hand and darting towards the bathroom.

The beat of Sakura’s heart echoed between her ears. She was feeling too desperate and too frisky to even hold a conversation right now. She needed to let this pee out. She needed to be alone. Sara couldn’t see any of this happen.

As she grabbed the handle to the bathroom, Sakura caught a glimpse of her sister stood innocently in the doorway of her bedroom with a slight frown. She felt bad for ignoring her. She forced the door into the frame and twisted the lock. She gasped. In the last second, she’d felt the pee dribble down the inside of her shorts. The stream seemed to wind its way down her right thigh and spread outwards at her crotch. She could feel her left hand become warm and wet as she could no longer stop the flow. As she leaked she could feel the outline of her ladyhood as her knickers and shorts clung to and formed around her skin.

Still pinned against the door, the slight patter of droplets hitting the tiles seemed to fill the room with sound. Sakura knew there was no way she could pull any of her clothes down. There was no way. Instantly worried Sara would have followed her to the bathroom door to speak to her, she knew she had to make it seem as if she was using the toilet properly. A few steps, many droplets on the floor, and a couple of deep breaths later, she could no longer hold the pee. The full pressure of the flood pressed against her hand. The trickles turned into a downpour as the droplets turned to splashes.

As well as the pee flowing down her legs, the splatter of the pee hitting the floor sprinkled against her bare feet. She turned again and forced herself onto the toilet seat. The pee began hitting the water and she stopped any attempt to hold. She felt her body sink as she gave in to the wetting. She removed her hand from between her legs, raising it slightly and just leaving it there as she indulged. The warmness spread further round her backside as the seat of her knickers were becoming saturated. A sort of dilated water pouring sound filled the room as her pee fell into the toilet. As well as the main torrent it was clear there were mall leaks falling from other points in her shorts. She eventually placed both hands on top of her thighs. She dug her nails into the material and pulled at the spandex.

Unsure at what she enjoyed more, the holding or the release, Sakura tried to control her erratic breathing as she grasped and fondled her breasts. As she softly massaged her perky assets, the flood had lessened to a stream and then once again a dribble. Realising her left hand was dampening her vest top, she let go of herself and drove her hand underneath her shorts. As expected, her skin was saturated and everything between her shorts and knickers felt warm and moist. Her mouth fell open as she wanted to moan but in trying to be quiet let out a breathless growl. She gently pressed her finger against her sodden knickers and pulled at the material, slightly stretching that of the spandex, and letting it slap back against her. As she ran out of pee the room turned silent. Sakura’s deep breathing and peeling of her underwear was the only sound to be heard. She opened her eyes as her ears pricked.

Is Sara there? She hasn’t said anything? Oh. Ohhhhh. Ughhhhh. Okay. Okay. Done? Did she hear? I… don’t think so? No?

Confident Sara wasn’t on the other side of the door listening, Sakura, pulling her left hand from underneath her shorts and wiping it on a seemingly dry part, lifted her weight from the toilet and leaned over to turn on the shower. Once again, the slight patter of loose droplets hit the tiles beneath her. A few leaks from the saturated shorts dribbled down her legs. As they did, she felt her skin prick as she shivered with goosebumps.

As the shower creaked in it’s holdall, it spluttered a few times before forcefully shooting water towards the bathtub. Steam erupted from the showerhead. As Sakura began to undress for the shower she momentarily considered not taking her shorts off. The wetness and clinginess of the tight clothes did something for her. The way the saturated material turned skin tight and showed off her figure made her feel unusually sensual. Having spent her whole life trying to be proper; trying to be mature, polite, disciplined, and clean, Sakura had found a way of rebelling. She hated it. But at the same time, she adored it.

The reckless spirit within her could release and she could have a moment of freedom where no one could tell her what to do, no one could discipline her, and no one could judge her. For some reason, her spiral into desperation and wetting had been less of a burden than she thought. Ever since that accident in the car during the move, it seemed to have been the spark for what was now a flame. Every time she indulged, the flame got hotter. Every time she held, the flame was fuelled. Every time she wet, the flame would ignite harsher and fill her body. The warmth would, not only physically spread around whatever she peed in, but made her toes and fingers tingle. Her nipples would harden and, along with her chest, feel bubbly and fizz.

Sakura took one step into the bath then retreated.

Shit. Oh shit!

Her towel, as it always was, was folded neatly on the radiator in her bedroom. She couldn’t even shout for Sara to bring it because… why would she go straight for a shower after a lesson and forget her towel? She wouldn’t. She also had no spare clothes in the bathroom.

Oh damnfuck.

She pulled herself out of her vest top and dropped it on the floor. She noticed the dark handprint she had left over her left breast. Pushing at her breasts a few times, she unclipped her bra and let it fall. She shivered as her hair lightly touched at the skin of her chest. The steam from the shower clung to her body.

Her family was disciplined. Sakura knew it was a cultural thing passed down from her grandparents after they moved over from Japan years ago. One thing in particular was each person’s chores. Both her and Sara were expected to do things for themselves. Sakura saw the benefit of these responsibilities. Recently however, it allowed her to easily hide her wettings. Her mother had picked up on her new habits though and had previously pointed out how many towels were being washed. Unfortunately now, she would have to use a new towel from the cupboard and wash the old one. Her chest tightened as she feared the questioning she’d receive later.

That couldn’t be helped now. Sakura pulled a lilac towel from the cupboard and laid it on the floor, kicking her vest and bra aside. Knowing she now couldn’t wear her shorts in the shower and attempt to wash them, she regretfully pulled the shorts down. The material peeled away from her legs and felt heavier than they did that morning when she slipped into them. As she held them in front of her, they dripped onto the towel which was now picking up the remains of the pee that had fallen onto the floor not minutes before. The shorts fell to the tiles with a loud *plap*.

Looking down, Sakura noticed that her white, cotton knickers had an obvious line where the wet path began. They had become transparent, with her legs and vagina appearing against the slight yellow tint from the pee. After a moment of admiring her mess she wiggled her waist as she loosened her knickers and let them fall around her legs. Stepping into the shower, Sakura pressed the palm of her hand against her crotch before feeling the moistened skin separate as she rubbed a finger through the middle.

She winced as the scorching water hugged her shoulders and trickled down her back. The dampness of the pee against her crotch and legs had become somewhat sticky and felt as if it had stained her legs. Lathering her hands with her sweet honey and berry scented shower gel, Sakura submerged her body underneath the shower. Having wet her whole body, she massaged all over with the pleasantly scented gel. Pinching her nipples between her fingers and caressing her vagina as she cleaned, she felt as if the guilty pee feeling was literally washing away.

The shower head creaked once again as Sakura turned off the water. It bounced a few times as the last spurts of water forced their way out. She slid her supple hands around her smooth body. She sighed. The moment was over. The guilt had passed as she showered but now the mood had come and gone. Now she knew she had to get back to her room and put on clean clothes.

Shit. Oh Shit. How am I going to get back? Sara will come running at me the moment I leave here. Oh Shit.

After drying her body down she wrapped her sodden hair up in the towel. She still had to get back to her room and only had the clothes she had wet in. Hesitantly she slipped back into the dampened vest and purposefully made it wet in places to hide the obvious hand print against her breast. She couldn’t not go back to her room in just her underwear. That would not go down well in this house, even if it was just Sara who saw. Sakura sighed deeply. She rinsed the spandex shorts over the bath and got out as much moisture as she could. She gave them a sniff.

Yeah… pee. Ugh.

She forced her feet through the holes and pulled the shorts up. The wetness from her pee had gone cold. She could feel the material drag as the wetness clung to her skin. Letting the waistband slap to her hips, she picked up her knickers and looked left and right.

I… I don’t… where…?

Almost regretfully, she undone the towel and re-wrapped her hair inside but with her knickers as well. It was the best option she could think of without putting them back on. She hated it immediately.

Hating the feeling of the clamminess against her legs, she unlocked the door and pulled it ajar. Sara wasn’t there. Taking her chance, Sakura pulled the door fully open and stepped onto the landing. The briskness of the difference in air seemed to wrap around her bare arms and calves. It made the dampness of the shorts feel colder against her crotch. Sakura felt she needed to shower again. She cautiously made her way to her bedroom, realising if Sara did appear and looked hard enough at her shorts she may realise the wet patch, even if the material was black.

“Saaakuuuraa?” came the familiar voice. Sakura smiled nervously as she tried to hide her inner thighs by forcing her left leg in front.

Sara excitable appeared at her door clutching some pencils.

“Kuuraa can we…”

“Not now, Sara, please?” she interrupted.

“Wha…?” Sara’s voice wobbled.

“In a minute?” Sakura reassured her, nodding frantically.

“I want to…”

“Please! Give me a minute?” Sakura interrupted more abruptly. Sara sniffed.

“Oh… kay” she replied, dropping her arms and looking at the floor. Sara dismally turned and disappeared into her room. Sakura’s heart sunk. She despised being cruel to her sister. They were the only people who had been there for each other growing up. When Sara was born, Sakura grew instinctively protective over her. She taught her how to speak her first words and count her first numbers. She always held her hand to cross the road and never forgot to point out important things. She felt it was her responsibility to teach her little sister everything. But as Sakura grew into her early teens and onwards to now, she felt the ever growing need to have some more time to herself. The love for her sister never faded but the desire to experience her own life grew.

Sakura fought her instinct to go and comfort Sara, knowing she needed to change. Without saying anything else she went to hide in her own bedroom. She immediately took off the cold, damp shorts and whipped them into the washing basket; followed by the sodden knickers after she unwrapped the towel.

With fresh clothes on, hair dried, and innocence donned, Sakura drifted her way back to Sara’s room. She pushed open the door and leaned playfully against the frame. Sara ignored her.

“What did you want to show me?” Sakura asked.

Sara ignored her still.

“I said…” Sakura started, tilting her head, “whaaat” she took a step into her sister’s room. Sara fought back a smile.

“Did you…” she took another step towards Sara and begun to crouch, “want to…” to hide her smile, Sara threw her pencils to the floor and curled up in a ball, “show me!?” Sakura pounced at her sister and held her tight, poking and tickling at her sides. Sara giggled as she unfolded herself; her arms and legs flailing as Sakura ticked her.

After a few minutes of playfighting, both girls laid back on the floor exhausted. Both breathing heavily, they started laughing again.

“You are not good at being cross” Sakura admitted. Sara kept giggling.

In the commotion, Sakura’s phone had slipped from her jeans pocket onto the floor. As it vibrated with a message Sara swiped it and jumped onto her bed. Sakura noticed.

“Hey! No!” Sakura laughed sternly.

“Haha! Haha!” shouted Sara as she jumped, clutching her sister’s phone.

“Give it back!”

“Who is…”

“Now!”

“Who is… TOM!?” Sara yelled seeing it was a boy’s name.

“Stop!” ordered Sakura, reaching for her phone and twisting it out of Sara’s hands.

“Who is TooOoOOoOOom?” Sara mocked.

“You” Sakura pointed at Sara, “Are the worst”

“You’re the worst!” Sara joked back. Sakura started to feel nervous.

“Keep drawing” she told Sara, who gladly obliged.

Returning to her room, Sakura turned on her phone to see the notification on the screen.

Tom: “Hey hows you? xx”

*221*2021-01-20 02:47

The Surprise Reunion - Teaser

“So…?”

“So what?”

“Ffffuckin’… how’s it going?”

“How’s what going?”

“Mate. Don’t be a dick”

“Haha fine. Okay… I think… the new girl’s buying it”

“Really? She was a stubborn bitch when she started”

“She is. But she’s gullible”

“Heh. She said anything?”

“Not really”

“Hmm”

“What?”

“I’m just… not over it all. They fucking pissed me off. I just wanna… fucking… you know”

“It’s alright, babe. You were all friends once? Right? Do you… need to do anything?”

“Don’t talk me out of it. Everyone’s gonna be there to see. Aren’t you pissed how she treated you?”

“Nah. We were hardly a thing. You know that. She wouldn’t even let me do anything”

“Fuckin’ frigid. Can’t drink either haha”

“No one even gave her shit for that, did they?”

“No. You certainly didn’t”

“Come on… that was just before… our thing? Remember?”

“Hmph”

“But then you came along”

“…”

“Don’t ignore me”

“…”

“You know what happens when you ignore me”

“…ughm…. uhh”

“Mhmm. Yeah. You know you like that”

After a few seconds, Charlotte pulled Tom’s and from her underwear and squeezed his hand.

“What?” he asked. She glared at him before smirking. She forced his hand onto hear left breast and leaned in to kiss him. As Tom leaned in, his thigh slipped from the wood and he fell onto Charlotte. His weight pushed her onto the log. She winced as some loose bark jabbed into her waist. She kicked him off and they both rolled onto the grass below. They fell out of the shade into the hot, exposed, mid-August sun lit clearing at the top of the hill. Tom fell to the grass and dirt with a thud. Charlotte swiftly clambered on top of him and rested her head on his chest. She could hear and feel the intensity of his heartbeat against her ear.

“Calm down” she murmured. He chuckled. She gently moved her waist as she could feel the bulge in his shorts rub against her.

“Still can’t get over the view here”

Tom scoffed.

“Are you… I’m?... I’m literally… and you’re talking about the view?”

Charlotte sighed.

“Lottie… really?” he persisted.

She sighed again before turning to face him.

“Fine” she agreed. She sat up, forcing herself up by pushing against his chest. She undid the button on his jean shorts and pulled the zip down. His boxers were tensing with his obvious erection beneath. He raised his eyebrows encouragingly. She firmly grasped it over his underwear and he choked on his breath. She loosened her grip and slowly pulled back the waistband of the material. His penis aggressively bounced up, stiff and startled. A slight breeze caused the trees above them to rustle. Tom tensed as the cool air wafted over his tip. At the sight of him tensing, Charlotte grabbed it with her right hand. She licked her lips as she began to pump her hand before gyrating her hips over his legs. Seeing Tom lean his head back into the grass, she opened her mouth and leaned forwards.

“Next week then?” Tom asked after a while. It had cooled down slightly since they last spoke. Resting on the ground with their backs to the log, Charlotte slumped in Tom’s arms, they were watching the sights of the fields below the hill. Charlotte took a long drag of her cigarette and loudly blew exhaled.

“Yeah” she groaned, “next week. “

“I’ll get the new girl on board”

“You better” Charlotte demanded, once again pulling her hand to her mouth and inhaling.

