Bursting Noah

Author: Pain

*000*2016-04-25 14:55

This is just a one shot story I wrote a long time back. I had to write this because this is something that is based on my individuality. I usually found myself in these kind of situations since I never used the loos at school when I was a kid. Though I have exaggerated the story at will, I hope it is still enjoyable. I'm a bit embarrassed about it though.

###

The waistband of his school trousers cut into his rock hard bladder as Noah climbed into the bus and took his usual window seat near the back.

He had to pee quite a lot but Noah wasn’t worried. His mom had always taught him not to use public bathrooms because they were dirty and could cause infections and Noah had always obeyed her without question.

Even today, Michelle had him drink a liter of milk for breakfast with a slice of bread and butter and a banana.

She always had him carry a liter bottle of water to school as she wanted Noah to understand the importance of being well hydrated all the time. “You should always drink a bottle or two of water while at school” she told him every morning and Noah did just that.

His day would start with a liter of honey water that Michelle would make for him topped off with almonds. His mother would take extra care of him and saw that he was always properly hydrated.

Today, Michelle had even made a tall bottle of warm lemonade for Noah to drink on the ride to school. Though the boy had shown apprehension, Michelle convinced him that it was to keep him energized through the day.

By the time his bus had arrived at school, the lemonade was all gone and Noah had realized that mommy was right, he did feel energized and a bit bloated with all that milk and water to be true, but it was all going to go down soon.

The lemonade had worked wonders and he zoomed through the first half of the day like a rocket. He answered every question that Ms. Lisa put up and all his class mates looked at him as they always did. Though just eight, the boy was a genius and even his teacher couldn’t deny that.

But, by 12 pm, Noah’s bladder started ballooning rapidly with all the liquid, nevertheless he tried to put it at the back of his mind and keep working.

But now, Noah couldn’t ignore the strong spasms from his bladder that came from time to time. He could feel the organ filled to the brim, stretched so much to contain all the liquid, but he knew it was nothing to worry about.

He always wanted to pee badly at the end of the day but would only go at home. But today he had been squirming in his seat from the time lunch got over. Noah didn’t know what it was but somehow he wanted to pee more than any other day.

He had started thinking of going to the loo but reminded himself that public loos were always dirty and only dirty people went there. Noah wasn’t a dirty boy so he didn’t need to go to the loo. As the day progressed, his need to go faded away and Noah forgot about it altogether but now he was in the bus, the need had come back much stronger than before.

He was now regretting to have refilled his water bottle without thinking how much might need to go after it reached his bladder.

The boy cringed as the bus went over the bumps on the road making his bladder want to explode.

It was 4 o’clock and Noah had been without a loo for the past ten hours with almost a gallon of liquid stretching his bladder, but he didn’t want to think about it.

He kept looking out of the window, and by the time they reached the third stop, Noah knew his own stop was not too far away. Though he was trying to keep calm, he couldn’t ignore his bladder that was so stretched with his all that fluid.

There was a part of him that wanted to get down at the next stop and pee it all out but he reminded himself what mommy had told him, “Only toilet is for pee-pee, only bad people go outside.”

Noah had no choice, he would always do what mom said, so now his only option was to hold it all in and only let it out in the bathroom at home.

He told himself that he had to wait till he got home, but his pee was already coming out. A few drops had escaped into his underwear and Noah was beginning to panic. The pressure had grown awfully great in the past hour but he had somehow been putting it off, though now it looked like there was no ignoring it any more.

As he stood up to get near the door, an abrupt stream of hot pee filled his underwear before he quickly cut off the flow. Noah jammed his hand into his crotch as he began to panic.

His stop was just a few minutes away and his control was slipping. Tears welled up in his eyes as he prayed for the driver to hurry.

But by now his bladder had reached its absolute capacity and as the bus hit a bump on the road his body gave out. His legs trembled and lips quivered as a long spurt of pee escaped him. A tear dripped off his chin as Noah bowed his head in shame as he saw others watching him.

And then it happened. A warm torrent of urine started to soak his clothes and a wet patch emerged on the crotch of his uniform knickers as Noah whimpered with his head down.

He tried to stop the flow with his hands but failed. His bladder was too stretched to contain his all that fluid any longer.

Relief flowed through the poor boy’s body. The sensation of a deflating bladder made him shiver and his head felt light.

It was only after two minutes that his river of pee stopped. He has been so desperate that he couldn’t stop before his bladder had completely emptied itself. He looked down to see the damage with his tear filled eyes.

No one around him said a word, Noah was thankful for that but when Ms. Lisa stood up from her seat and walked back to see what was going on, Noah bowed his head in shame.

When Lisa saw what had happened her eyes widened in shock. Half the aisle was drenched with pee and Noah stood crying over it, his knickers soaked. She couldn’t believe the amount of urine that was running down the aisle, she wondered how long Noah had been holding it to have an accident so huge.

Just as she was about to comfort Noah, his stop arrived and he hurriedly walked past her to get down.

Walking the pathway towards the front door, Noah couldn’t believe he had wet himself and that too in front of the entire bus and Ms. Lisa. How would he be able to face her tomorrow in the class?

*006*2016-07-11 11:13

Thank you everyone for the kind words! I didn't know something as random as this would get so much love! Thank you!

*012*2018-01-04 04:36

Thank you for the comments, love, and support! I am afraid this is just a one shot and I don't intend to continue it any further, though I promise to write more stories that may hopefully be able to entertain you all! Thank you for taking out the time to read!

