Have a Little Empathy

Author: Ryoku-the-Fox

*000*2013-06-19 05:21

Kara woke up with a headache, though she couldn’t say she was surprised by this. She huffed as her head throbbed dully behind her eyes. It wasn’t the worst headache she’d ever woken up with, but she could tell this one was going to last all day. Willing herself to get up, if only to shut off that incessant alarm, seemed to take all of her energy. She was still so tired. As she shuffled across her room to turn off her alarm and dress herself, she felt a heavy dread spreading in her heart at the thought of yet another day of school. Another day of being surrounded by hormonal teenagers and their… emotions. It was beginning to wear her down, so much so that she was almost positive she wouldn’t be able to make it through the year, let alone her senior year of high school after this one.

The dark clothes in her dresser all looked the same to her, which she appreciated as she picked a shirt and pair of jeans at random. Her clothes hung lifelessly around her small frame, giving her the appearance of an angst-filled teen with an eating disorder, something she’d been called into the health office at school to be questioned about before. She tugged on her worn-out high-tops, fading from their original black into a dark gray, without bothering to untie the laces first. She grabbed her phone and house keys from their places on her dresser and dropped them into her backpack, which had been dutifully filling its own place by her bedroom door.

In the bathroom down the hall, she took care of her needs, and pulled her dirty blonde hair into a ponytail, the end of which rested between her shoulder blades, letting her long bangs hang around her face like a shield of yellow hues from the curious wandering eyes of her classmates. She blinked her light green eyes as she took in her despairingly bland appearance, knowing that if her blandness wasn’t self-inflicted, she could actually be admired as pretty. But things had to be this way- she knew she could never be able to handle people wanting to be near her all the time if she caught their attention with her looks.

Descending the staircase, hand running along the chipped banister and picking up her jacket left there the previous afternoon as was her routine, she could feel her father in the kitchen. It was unusual for him to be awake before her- his night shift meant that he usually slept in long after she’d already left the house on foot for school. He felt tired, depressed, helpless; she could only assume the two latter emotions caused the former, keeping him lying awake in bed for hours. Kara hesitated by the archway that led into the kitchen. She did not want to feel his emotions right before school, but even more than that, she knew she needed to get food to bring with her. Lunch lines put her too close to her classmates, and the unpredictability of being so close to so many other school kids, all with hyperbolically over-exaggerated emotions due merely to being teenagers, was something she’d already learned she couldn’t handle.

She sucked in a deep breath as she shrugged her jacket on, closing her eyes and letting her mind go blank as she imagined breathing in apathy, crowding her lungs with it and letting it settle into her muscles. When she exhaled, she expelled any emotion from her body, and opened her eyes, which settled onto the floor as she entered the kitchen. It was bland, like most things in the house, the colors never straying farther from white than a medium tan, or farther from black than a dull gray. Her eyes followed a line of linoleum which led her to the refrigerator, and she managed to open it and pull out a bottle of water and an apple before her father spoke to her. His voice was dull and impassive, raspy with sleep and, probably, suppressed emotion.

“You really ought to eat more than that, Kara.” He cleared his throat, embarrassed by the raw quality to his voice. “Doesn’t seem healthy to run on empty as often as you do,” he parented, using the expected gasoline-in-a-car metaphor.

“I never feel hungry,” she assured him, her voice monotone and emotionless as she wrapped the apple in a napkin and stuffed it into the baggy pocket of her jacket.

“Still,” he parented, “I feel like I need to fatten you up a bit.” He chuckled awkwardly, feeling hurt by her dismissive tone.

She still didn’t look at him, instead turning her back to him as she set her bag on the counter and pretended to look through it. “I’m not malnourished.” She dismissed his concerns, knowing full well how rude she was being, and how much ruder she could have been if she’d put any inflection into her words.

“Oh,” he responded, and said nothing else.

A dull wave of disappointment washed over her, followed closely by a jarring one of guilt. She zipped her backpack and turned to him, still inspecting the floor. “I’ll buy something at school. If anything is going to fatten me up, it would be the things they serve there.” She glanced up at him briefly, giving him a slight smile. The faraway feeling of hopelessness lightened ever so slightly as her father smiled back at her.

He let out a weak chuckle. “Good.”

The sudden need to get out overwhelmed her, and she walked swiftly to the doorway with her bag in hand.

“Kara,” her father called after her.

She stopped in the doorway between the foyer and the kitchen, eyes watching the front door as if her way out would pop out of existence if she looked away. “Yeah?”

“Do you have money?”

“Yes.”

“Keys?”

“Yup.”

“Phone?”

“Uh-huh.”

“Kara,” he called for her full attention, and his voice held so much emotion she knew he was holding back that, against her will, she turned and met his tired brown eyes. “Have a good day at school.”

She couldn’t respond. The deep breath of apathy was ripped from her lungs, leaving her chest aching with a sudden pain that was nearly debilitating. Her eyes were locked with her father’s, and the undesired moment of silent communication delivered to her the overwhelming emotions scratching at him within the deepest unreachable part of his soul. Her mind, processing only his emotions, was unable to relay to her muscles her desperate need to move, to look away, to sob her dad’s sadness out of her body, and she was stuck staring at him. A few endless seconds later, he blinked, and Kara was able to breathe again, to tear her eyes away and glue them to the floor where she would make sure they stayed. She fled.

On the porch, she leaned back against her front door, forcing her breath and her emotions back into calmness before she could burst into tears. The chill in the foggy morning air cooled the light sweat on her face, much to her relief, but only made the rest of her body feel uncomfortably cold. Her father was always too much emotion for her to handle, and as always, she wondered if, hoped that his emotions were amplified for her. It was unimaginable -- to think that he lived with so much sadness every day. She closed her eyes and reached for him, felt him still in the kitchen. Her chest tightened and her eyes welled up, and though she was able to reel herself in and break the connection between them before she actually cried, she knew he was already doing so. An image of him sitting alone at the table, head in his hand as he sobbed rose unbidden in her mind’s eye.

Was he crying over the thought of his wife, her own mother, abandoning them both years ago as if they weren’t enough happiness for her? Or the thought of his failed career? His subsequent job as a night guard, overqualified as he was though desperate for work to support his diminished family? Or was he crying over the failed relationship with his own child, which had been sawn away at to the point of near amputation over the period of the last few years? She shook her head, dispelling the thoughts completely as she took her necessary breath of apathy and rationality before she stepped off the porch and began making her way to school. Thinking these things would only drive her to the same place her father was now. She needed to keep herself unfeeling. Feeling everyone else’s emotions was enough for her.

The day passed by uneventfully. It might as well have come off a conveyer belt of days. The monotony of it would have driven Kara mad by now if she hadn’t found her necessary place of numbness. The suppression of her own emotions got her through. It meant a lack of boredom, a lack of anger, a lack of anticipation for the end of the day. The emotions of her classmates buzzed constantly, but her refusal to acknowledge any of them made then almost like background noise, only a slight humming of her insides as though their emotions reverberated within her, unable to be expressed. It was something she’d grown accustomed to- something she’d been forced to grow accustomed to, like a self-preservation instinct of the mind, taking measures on its own to ensure its sanity- her sanity- would remain intact.

She kept quiet, ignored by teachers, forgotten by classmates. The crowded outdoor walks between the classrooms of the school put her in contact with some of the students feeling stronger emotions, which were almost enough to surround the air around her and choke her to the point of a physical reaction, but the lack of walls allowed her to move away quickly. Anger, jealousy, sadness, or even overwhelming excitement: they were all noxious gas around her, and breathing them in only meant that the fumes would linger like shrapnel in her lungs for hours after the initial breath of them. Her mask of apathy was the only sanity she knew, but even that didn’t keep her lungs clear of emotion one hundred percent of the time.

Lunch was the only time she was able to breathe freely. Without an indoor cafeteria, she was able to tuck herself away into any corner of the campus and inhale the air of the world, the only air that wasn’t saturated with emotion. The trees didn’t produce oxygen grudgingly or happily; they just produced, and Kara found that no matter where she sat, it always seemed to be near a tree. As an upperclassman, she could have left campus at lunch for the peace of her home, but her father’s work hours meant that he was still home during her lunch hour, and their brief encounters, some in the morning but most in the late afternoon following her return from school, were already too much to handle. As Kara seated herself on the ground, back resting against the rough bark of the tree, her mind wandered. It had been a long time since she’d sat with someone at lunch. It had been a long time since she’d spoken to her formerly close group of friends.

With no conversation to occupy her mind, she began recounting how her ability had developed, how strangely it had appeared not long after her mother had abandoned them when she was just a child. It was rather bizarre to her as she remembered now, thinking back to the first few times she had felt the slightest indication of her ability to come. It had started out subtle, at first. There were small moments- walking through stores, hanging around at the park, at school- when her mind almost ceased to function altogether, and she’d suddenly feel faint anger, physical pain, happiness, and it had been obvious every time that these weren’t her own emotions. She would inspect her surroundings, always seeming to find immediately some single person exhibiting the physical signs of the emotion she felt: yelling into a phone, clutching some part of their body and wincing, jumping for joy.

She’d sometimes see her father smiling at her but know deep in her gut that it was a front, that on the inside he was wracked with sadness, though at the time she hadn’t been able to figure out why. After a few instances of this, she had asked him why he was so sad all the time when he smiled at her, having been able to make the connection between when he’d act the happiest, and when he felt the most despaired. As she remembered this, she realized that she must have only been able to sense him then because those moments were when his despair had been overwhelming him the most, which had made him smile more so as not to alarm his young daughter with his sadness. Since her ability had still been so faint, she had only been able to sense the strongest of emotions. She wished now that things were still that way; it would be easier on her if the fainter emotions didn’t register at all.

Her father, after she had asked him such a disturbingly observant question, had been surprised, alarmed, guilty, and had tried to dispel her worries. He’d asked her nervously why she’d think such a thing, and she had been speechless, having no way to explain how she could sense his emotions, and not sure she even should be revealing something so strange to him. He assured her that he was always happy when he was with her and she had played along, knowing and feeling that he was rarely happy anymore, and how guilty he felt for letting his constantly depressive state affect his daughter.

That moment had passed, and Kara aged, becoming more self-sufficient and withdrawn as her ability became more sensitive. Her father’s depression raged, and Kara had done all she could to ensure their contact stayed to a minimum, which only served to bring him that much more pain, more guilt. She had felt terribly knowing that she was part of the reason he hurt so much, but she knew he would hurt anyway, no matter how she treated him. His constant state of misery made her realize that it was easier to stay distant.

Their father-daughter bond hadn’t been the only thing to suffer, however, as Kara became more and more aware of the emotions saturating the air around her. As she and her long-time classmates had moved on to high school, she found it more difficult to maintain friendships. Her distant friends drifted, and her close friendships became strained. Coming in contact with their emotions so often had been driving her mad. She would be lifted by one person’s excitement, pride, love, only to then be ripped from the warm, heavenly moments of borrowed happiness and shoved into the cold, dark corners of sadness and guilt of another friend. The extra doses of sadness had been difficult, but living off of the happiness of her friends had been surprisingly painful too.

After a day of inhaling her friends’ good moods, she would return home on a high, smiling ridiculously and feeling prepared to handle anything, any emotion someone could approach her with. But, without fail, when the connection formed by proximity would break, the happiness would fade, and she was left feeling empty, expectant, wondering why it didn’t last. And then, after almost every instance of this, her father would find her looking hollow, looking like there was something she was missing out on, and his depression would smother her. There had been too much of this, too many people, too many emotional fluctuations. This had been when her ability had reached its peak. It was also when she began teaching herself how to become apathetic. But as long as she was still constantly around her friends, it hadn’t worked. Instead, she cut ties.

Her friends hadn’t understood, but she hadn’t expected them to. She began sending the message by speaking to them less, giving them short, almost awkward responses when they would speak to her in class, and ignoring phone calls and text messages. Then it came to sitting elsewhere at lunch. They would often walk the campus, a habit they had always had, and would sometimes find her sitting alone under a tree. Not realizing her intentions, they would sit with her, attempting conversation, which she would brush off. Then they began to only stop by briefly if they saw her at lunch, moving on quickly, realizing she had nothing to say. Then they began to ignore her, save for a few passing glances as they made their rounds of the school during the hour long break from classes. Then nothing- no indication that they were aware of her existence. Their friendships became null and void, and though it had been necessary, Kara hated it.

She began despising her ability, despising her decision to put herself into such a position. She spent hours out of every day convincing herself that she made the right choice, and then arguing the opposite, that she was weak for thinking she couldn’t handle the mood swings. It was only when her own emotions had begun to make her crazy that her apathy trick had worked, because she had needed it to. With no other emotions surrounding her daily, her own feelings had been easy enough to smother, and she spent most of the past two years in silence and acceptance. It never really felt like living anymore, but she knew that she would never really live as long as she was hindered by the emotions of everyone else, as long as she had this inexplicable ability of empathy- she wasn’t sure whether to call it a curse or a gift, though it never really felt like the latter.

The chirp of her cell phone startled her out of her thoughts. She replied to her father’s text, listing off the things she needed from the store while he was there. After checking the time and realizing with alarm that she had only minutes left of her lunch hour, she pulled out her uneaten apple and attacked it, not bothering to finish it before she stood and headed for the bathroom. She slipped her empty water bottle into a recycling bin on her way, and her apple into the trash bin. The bell rang as she was flushing the toilet, and she speed-washed her hands, rushing to class. She nearly flung herself into her seat, sighing in relief and pulling her binder out of her backpack.

If Kara hadn’t pushed the eternal silence button on her emotions, she was sure that this class would set off a blaring alarm of boredom and irritation. There was nothing more useless or frustrating than reading text after text and searching the dead words for new meaning, taking the slightest repetition of one certain imagery in whichever massive book they were reading and turning it into a life-changing theme. Giving meaning to the words of others seemed like the most ridiculous thing to devote an entire class to, and she often found herself wondering why her teacher enjoyed his own subject of English Literature.

Mister Carrey, though nothing like the famous actor of the same name, was young, fit, scruffy, intelligent, and often hit on by the bolder females in his classes. He seemed like he would be more suited to - well, to work anywhere that didn’t have anything to do with high school. She’d heard a few girls suggest Abercrombie model amongst themselves; that sounded about right to Kara, too.

He smacked his book on his desk, making Kara jump in her seat. He was speaking, apparently had been probably since the bell had rung, and was looking right at her. Focusing in on him and what he was in the middle of saying, she realized he had purposely gotten her attention, but was not scolding her. He was going on about their class work, and when he saw that he had her attention, he looked away. She admired his ability to keep his students in check without humiliating them. When he finished speaking, she pulled out their assignment, a continuation from the previous day, and worked alone, shutting out the sound of students pairing or grouping up around her.

Somewhere in the room, she felt discomfort and worry, and shifted in her seat, breathing in deep and filtering out anything but apathy. She didn’t bother to look around for the source. If proximity was what allowed her to feel the emotions of others, making eye contact amplified them. Turning to her assignment, she worked for some time, looking up after about thirty minutes of their fifty minute class. Her ears opened up to the sounds of the classroom now that she was not purposefully shutting them out, and the feeling of discomfort returned, now stifling and unwilling to be ignored. She wiggled in her seat and tried to identify the feeling within herself, avoiding searching the room for the source. If she connected with whoever was feeling this, she would get the brunt of the emotion. As it was, the emotion was filtered, and would be easier to shut out again if she didn’t remove the filter.

She latched on to the whispy feeling, running through the list. Obviously, it wasn’t happy, mad or sad. A little bit of pain, but that wasn’t the strongest feeling. Her body tensed up involuntarily, and she felt the need to get up and move somewhere. Was that anticipation? Impatience? A case of the wiggles? It felt almost jittery. That was a good way to describe it, although it didn’t cover all of what she was feeling. There was a bit of pain, a lot of jittery eagerness for something, but the overall emotion still eluded her.

As she focused more on the feeling, it became more potent within her lungs, making her muscles act on the borrowed emotion. She wiggled in her seat, her body tensing and relaxing intermittently. It was obviously discomfort, but what was the reason? She felt a slight pain, but it wasn’t the dominant emotion. Finally, curious after being unable to identify it herself, she looked up from her vantage point in the back of the room for the source, and found her immediately.

As soon as Kara laid eyes her classmate, she knew exactly what she was feeling, and with the brunt of the emotion hitting her all at once she physically reacted to it, something she had trained herself not to do. She let out a short cry, her entire body tensing, feet lifting off the floor to let her clothed legs push together forcefully, hand dropping her pencil and swooping under her desk towards her crotch. She corrected the movement before she could grab herself, though, instead moving her hand to her knee where it latched on forcefully. She could hear students quieting and turning to look at her, and lowered her head so that her face was parallel to her desk. Her cheeks flushed hot with embarrassment, and her back began to sweat slightly as she realized that the entire class must be looking at her sitting as if her seat was made of tacks. She tried to relax, a task which seemed almost impossible, as her teacher called out her name.

“Kara? Are you alright? You look pained,” he asked, worried.

She glanced up at him, trying not to look as pained as she felt. “’m fine,” she mumbled, but as her eyes lowered again, they connected with the eyes of the student that was the source of the emotion, and she reacted again, her body trying to curl up, muscles tensing, throat letting out a groan of strain, and her bladder sending urgent signals to her brain about the excess amount of liquid that was not contained inside. Her classmate Megan had to pee. Badly. And Kara was feeling it.

Her teacher stood up then. “Kara, if you’re in pain I really think you ought to visit the nurse’s office,” he told her, voice becoming forceful and commanding as he became more worried about her wellbeing.

“It’s nothing,” she lied, lowering her head to conceal the hot flush of humiliation on her cheeks with her bangs. “I’m fine. Just a cramp.” She tried to refrain from moving in her seat, working on getting her body to relax, on convincing it that there was no reason to feel so desperate to pee with an empty bladder.

“Get back to work,” he commanded the class, and Kara could only imagine that they were all staring now if they hadn’t been before. She could hear him crossing the room to her, and felt him worrying above her when he reached her desk.

“You look sick,” he pressed, speaking softly. “I really think you ought to get checked out by the nurse.”

“I said I’m fine,” she replied, hearing the strain and desperate irritation in her own voice. “It’s just a cramp, it happens sometimes.” She looked up at Megan as she said this, who was watching them, looking more pained than Kara was, hand waving frantically in the air for the teacher’s attention. Kara tried not to react again, despite the pang of desperation that hit her bladder, making her tense up more than should have been possible. She felt panic rise in her chest, as well as a fresh wave of humiliation, though she knew these were Megan’s emotions. The teacher looked up at Megan, noticing Kara staring at the other student, and saw the look of pain on her face that was more desperate than Kara’s.

“Hold on one second,” he told her, and moved to Megan’s desk. She whispered something, humiliated and still frantic, and at the teacher’s nod to the affirmative, she shuffled out of the classroom, hand clenching the hem of her shirt, as close to her crotch as she could put it without drawing attention to herself.

As soon as Megan was out of the room, her emotions faded, though they did not disappear completely. Kara let out a breath of relief, trembling, and laid her head on her desk. Though the feeling had diminished slightly, she still did not relax her hold in her bladder, knowing logically that she would not urinate, but unable to convince her body of that. Her teacher returned to her desk and insisted again that she visit the nurse’s office, laying a concerned hand on her shoulder as she lifted her head. She agreed, if only to get away from the emotions of her classmates. Her focus on Megan’s emotions had crowded out those of her classmates, but she knew it was only a matter of time before they invaded her lungs again. Mentally, she felt too exhausted to drown them out. He wrote her a note at his desk and told her to bring her backpack in case she needed to remain in the health office. She smiled and thanked him, feeling physically exhausted, though not yet allowing herself to relax.

Instead of going to the nurse, she hurried her way into the bathroom, stopping in her tracks with a gasp as Megan’s emotions once again overwhelmed her. The tension in all of her muscles abruptly dissipated as Megan’s head whipped up to look at her, teary-eyed. The brunette was gripping the side of one of the stalls, knees bent and hunched over slightly. She was wetting herself, urine soaking the crotch of her shorts and running down her bare legs. Kara gaped as her own body reacted to Megan’s emotions. She suddenly felt as if her bladder were contracting, as if her urine was flowing, and yet she felt nothing come out to soak and warm her jeans. Kara couldn’t move as her own panic began to overwhelm her. Megan had looked away, unable to maintain eye contact as shame made her cry harder.

Megan let out a loud sob when she had finished, and though Kara’s first instinct was to comfort her, her body acted otherwise. She stumbled over her own feet as she fled, running away to the nearest bathroom to shut herself into a stall. Without bothering to lock the door, she tried to yank her jeans to her knees. They got stuck around her hips, unwilling to move as she yanked them at the wrong angle. She hopped around as she tugged, hearing a ripping of seams as she finally pulled them down enough to pee. But when she sat, nothing happened. Tensing her entire body, she pushed as if encouragement was all that was needed to get her bladder to empty. The smallest trickle of urine leaked out, and her urethra burned as she tried to force herself to pee. Despite the confirmation that her bladder was, in fact, completely empty, and the feeling of Megan’s desperation gone, Kara still felt the need.

Eventually, after trying to rid herself of nonexistent urine a few more times, she gave up. Now that she was not so frantic over her bladder, she began to feel the rest of her body again as she washed her hands. Her skin felt slick with the sweat of panic, and her muscles were still trembling. She knew she couldn’t go back to class like this, so she pulled the crumpled note from her teacher out of her jacket pocket, where she had shoved it in her frenzy, and made her way to the health office. She must have looked sicker than she realized, because the nurse took one look at her strained sweaty face and stood up to guide her by the arm, as if she would collapse without assistance. Kara could feel her concern and desire to help, and though they were faint and hard to detect in comparison to the intensity of the desperation she had just been feeling, she almost instantly regretted coming in.

The nurse gave her no chance to escape, though, pulling her insistently by her arm and asking her what her symptoms were. Awkwardly, Kara lied, telling the nurse that she was only suffering from cramps and light-headedness. The woman’s emotions were overwhelming Kara’s exhausted mind, and she asked if she could use one of the cots to lie down in, assuring her that a moment to relax and get off her feet was all she needed. The nurse agreed and pulled the flimsy curtain shut behind Kara when she entered the closet-sized nook in the room, designed specifically for the purpose of temporarily housing sick students. She collapsed onto the flimsy cot and sighed. A moment later, she heard another student come into the room, and immediately felt queasy.

Damn it. Coming here was a mistake, she decided, as she heard the nurse usher the student to the bathroom quickly. She covered her ears with her hands to drown out the sound of the student retching in the bathroom, but the lack of sound did nothing to prevent the urge to vomit when she could feel the student doing so. She sat up slowly with her eyes closed, forcing herself once again to breathe in apathy to quell the queasiness before she could end up like the sick student.

The nurse came in a few moments later and must have again seen an expression on Kara’s face that she hadn’t realized was there, because the woman came over and prompted her to open her mouth, where she stuck an oral thermometer. At the sensation of the thing being pulled out of her mouth a few seconds later, Kara dry-heaved, the student’s illness on the bathroom beginning to overwhelm her. Kara stood and all but shoved past the nurse running out of the office, needing to distance herself from the toxic combination of sickness and worry.

She could hear the concerned nurse following her outside the building, alarmed by her behavior, and nodded her head frantically after the nurse asked if she wanted to be picked up. She denied the nurse’s requests to come back inside, telling her she just needed to breathe for a bit. The nurse had to ask for her name a few times before Kara could compose herself enough to respond.

“Kara Bolton,” she told the nurse. “My dad’s name is David.”

The nurse nodded in confirmation, and the door opened and closed somewhere to Kara’s left as she leaned against the wall and slid to the ground, forcing herself to calm down.

When the woman retuned after a few minutes, she seemed surprised by Kara’s newly established composure, and told her that her father was on his way. She nodded gratefully and again declined coming back into the office. She heard the door close and then open again a few moments later. The nurse handed her a yellow slip of paper releasing her from school for the day. Kara thanked her, and the woman went back inside without asking again if Kara would follow.

Less than five minutes later, the nurse called Kara, now completely composed again, back into the office, where her father was waiting, though he was oddly emotionless. Absently, she took note of how nice he looked when he bothered to, usually disheveled dark brown hair now tame, and uniform of wrinkled clothes replaced by dark jeans and a dark grey collared shirt, sleeves rolled up to his elbows.

She could see the nurse blushing as she stared at her father where he stood, imposing in height, waiting for Kara. She smiled at her father awkwardly, and bade an equally awkward goodbye to the nurse, who stuttered when her father addressed her in farewell.

The ride home was silent, and Kara stared blankly out the window at the scenery that she passed by on her daily journey between school and their current destination. She couldn’t sense her father despite their proximity, and with the welcome break her mind was oddly empty in the silence of the old car. The strangeness of the day must have short-circuited something in her mind, she theorized absently. Her father cut the engine once they were stopped in their driveway, and Kara moved to grab her backpack and seclude herself in her room before the odd numbness faded and whatever overwhelming emotion he was feeling now hit her full force. He was sitting oddly still, staring out the windshield, but spoke when she put her hand on the door handle.

“Kara-” he began, and paused.

She waited a beat, then responded, hand still on the door handle. “Yeah?”

He looked at her and their eyes met before she could look away, but even with their eyes locked Kara still couldn’t feel him at all. She was shocked into stillness and she stared at him, dumbfounded, as he began speaking, though she didn’t bother to pay attention. She squinted at him, as if that would make her able to feel him again, and unconsciously leaned in towards him. She suddenly felt uncomfortable, empty, as she looked at him, suddenly feeling as if she needed to be able to sense his emotions again. It wasn’t until he cut off midsentence and gave her a look in confusion that she realized what she was doing and corrected herself, jerking upright quickly.

“Kara, I’m worried about you,” he said, voice more forceful than she could ever remember hearing it. She suddenly felt afraid, unnerved by his unusual tone as she tried to grasp onto his emotions, despairingly unaware of what he was feeling that was making him speak this way to her.

“I don’t know what’s gotten into you lately,” he continued in the same tone, “but you don’t look healthy.” She could feel herself leaning away from him, pushing herself against the inside of the car door. “You barely speak anymore. You’ve been dressing like some kind of goth. And you look underweight. Do you have an eating disorder?”

“I- I-“ she stuttered, voice failing.

“I had to pick you up from school today after you had some sort of an attack in class. If something is wrong with you, you need to tell me so that we can get you help.”

She tried to respond, mouth opening and closing as she tried to form words. Her throat was closing up with panic from the bizarreness of her father’s behavior. She felt her eyes begin to water.

Her father noticed, and immediately the expression that she could only describe as angry disappeared from his face as he suddenly looked guilty. He lowered his head slightly and rubbed his forehead with his hand, and she took this moment out of his intense stare to bolt. She ran up the driveway and attempted to fling the door open and run straight up the stairs. It was locked, and she instead wound up slamming into it. Digging frantically into her bag, she fumbled with her keys before flinging her door open and sprinting to the safe haven that was her bedroom.

She locked her door behind her, resting her forehead against it as tears escaped her eyes and caressed her cheeks. Downstairs, she could hear the front door open and close as her father came back into the house. He seemed to be moving restlessly from room to room, and although Kara would have normally been able to pinpoint where his emotions were coming from, now it was as if the house was empty. There was nothing but blankness. She flung her backpack onto her bed before opening the door to her room. She listened closely, trying to figure out what her father was doing.

Without her ability, she felt deprived. Suddenly, she had to know what he was doing. She wiped her eyes with the sleeves of her jacket, and then shoved her hands in her pockets and made her way downstairs, wandering through the house aimlessly until she saw him sitting on the couch in the living room. He turned his head to look at her, but seemed at a loss for words.

“Are you okay?” he asked finally, looking worried.

“Yeah,” Kara responded in a small voice. And after a moment of hesitation, she did something she hadn’t done in years. She sat down next to her father on the couch, leaning into his warmth and tucking her legs underneath her when he wrapped his arm around her shoulders. He kissed the top of her head affectionately.

“I’m sorry if I scared you earlier,” he said. “I’ve just been so worried about you lately. You don’t eat, you haven’t been talking to your friends. You haven’t been talking to me. If you’re going through something I want you to be able to talk to me about it.”

“I-“ Kara couldn’t think of a response. “I’ll be fine,” she finished lamely.

He pulled away slightly and looked at her, unconvinced.

“I promise I’ll tell you if anything gets out of control with my life,” she told him, knowing she couldn’t tell him why she had pulled away from everyone without revealing her secret.

He looked like he was mulling over her promise. “I suppose that’s good enough,” he said, a hint of teasing in his tone.

She grinned at him, and he pulled her into a hug with a laugh. She wrapped her arms tightly around him, unbelievably happy to be spending a moment with her father like they hadn’t shared in years.

Hey, all. I hope you liked this! It’s something I haven’t yet seen on here, and I wanted to be the first to try it! I do plan to continue this, although I don’t have anything else written out right now. But I have plans… muwahahaha.

P.S. This ending was rushed. If it sucks, that’s why.

