The test

Author: ravenheart30

*000*2014-07-07 19:47

Warning: this is a doctor/patient story. There are no sexual scenes in this.

She sat in the exam room. She was instructed to drink one liter of water a few hours before the appointment and to not urinate after she started drinking. She made sure to pee prior to that. She felt some pressure in her bladder area but not bad. The tight jeans though weren't helping the feeling. She wondered if the doctor would allow her to pee just a little to relieve some pressure. She was just about to go to the door to ask when a pretty nurse entered the room.

"Hi there. How are you feeling?"

"I...have to go."

"Good. That's what the doctor will want to hear. Okay i am going to get your vitals first. Thank you for filling out the health information. I promise you the doctor is very sweet. A rather good looking guy I must say. Many girls haven't lasted very long with their full bladders... they sometimes pee themselves when he enters the room or starts examining them."

She blushed.

"Just be sure to hold it."

She nodded. The nurse took her blood pressure and temperature and wrote it down on a chart. She got her height and weight. When she was instructed to stand up tall the nurse noticed her squeezing her legs together. She was handed a cloth gown which wasn't very long. She was given a blanket to cover her legs.

"The doctor will be with you shortly."

She undressed quickly after the door closed. she felt so nervous. The cold tile floor made her bladder urge intensify for a few moments before she put on the gown and hopped up onto the table. The blanket covering her legs. She crossed her legs. It had been three hours since she had peed and the liquid she drank seemed to be rushing through her body, She could just imagine it like a dam filling up. The chilliness of the room didn't help either. There was a tap on the door. The male doctor entered wearing a white lab coat and a white t shirt underneath and black pants.

"Hi there nice to meet you," he said sweetly. His eyes were chocolate golden brown. His body looked like he worked out at the gym. She was speechless. She closed her eyes.

'Shit...he's hot. don't wet... seriously don't embarrass yourself in front of him... I must be dreaming.' She sighed a little. He shook her hand and mentioned his name. She was so in awe that the name didn't register she just smiled up at him and blushed. The warmth of his hand sending shivers down her spine which was the last thing her full bladder needed. She closed her legs tightly.

"You must be feeling pretty full now I imagine."

She nodded quickly.

"Okay I am going to do some measurements then I will let you rest on the table while I observe you for a hour. During that time i want you to hold it then I will come in and do a ultra sound on your kidneys. I will have you hold another half hour which at that time we can start the emptying process. You'll see on the exam table is a cotton mat inside are sensors that will detect if you have started to pee on it which at that time the test will be over. If you simply can't hold it and start to pee that is alright. I will put a absorbent pad beneath your bottom which will soak it up. Let's began shall we. You did indeed drink all the water I instructed you to?"

She nodded.

"How would you describe your level of urgency to pee...like... not at all...mild.... need the bathroom or...can't wait anymore."

"Between mild and need the bathroom," she said.

"Any tingling feeling or cold sweats." she nodded, "Both."

"When you did pee before you drank was it a lot of urine?"

"No," she whispered.

He got out a fabric tape measure. "Okay I will put this around your belly to measuring the circumference first."

He wrapped the tape measure around her belly right around her hips area, below her belly button. "Good thank you. Lay down for me please."

It took her a moment to move because she had squeezed her legs so tightly. She was a bit nervous about untangling them. He moved the blanket so it covered her thighs and legs. He gently moved back her gown to expose her belly just above her pubic bone. He first used his hands to gently feel the outline of the firm bladder area. He took note of it in the folder. He then used a tape measure and measured from the start of the curve to the bottom. The feeling of his hand touching her skin made her blush shyly. She closed her legs together tightly again. Her hands tight in fists. She saw leg rests being clicked into place.

"I need you to hook your legs over these...they hold your knees in place so you can't close your legs together. I am testing your bladder strength and i want this to just be you tensing your muscles not using any other ways of assistance. Keep your hands on the table at all times."

She slowly and carefully put her legs up over the metal supports. They had a cloth covering so the back of her knees weren't cold.

"Here's a warm blanket if you start to feel chills," he said laying a warm cotton thick blanket on her chest and stomach letting the other thinner cloth stay draped over her legs. He put a cotton square cloth by her bottom in case she started peeing.

"There's a tv on the ceiling. the remote is right here," he said resting it by her hand. He left the room and closed the door behind him. Her legs trembling a little and there was a dull fullness in her bladder that she tried to not think about. She turned on the tv and found some cartoons to watch. She felt a urge and closed her eyes. He sat down in the room across the hall and saw on video of her laying there. He could hear her whimper a little as she fought the urge. He wrote down the fact that at this point there was no urine on the mat detected. As the moments passed though, he detected perspiration on the mat which he knew was normal. The hour went by and when he went into the room she was in the middle of an urge. He saw her laying there tensely concentrating.

"I know it's probably getting pretty bad now. Urges are more intense. You're doing good though. No urine detected on the mat."

"I don't know how much longer I can hold it... I have to pee so bad..like..."

"Worse than before?"

She nodded. He moved the blanket off of her and measured with the measuring tape just the slight curve of her belly. He felt with the palm of his hand the now swollen hardness of her midsection. He warmed up a stethoscope and listened to her belly. Hearing the fluid move a little as she shifted her hips. Her body warm with sweat. her legs trembling. She so bad wanted to put her hand down there to stop the urges better.

"Okay I am going to do a ultrasound of your kidneys. There will be some discomfort okay... you're so full and tender in the belly area but i'll need to press in certain areas to see. Just breathe and be as tense down there as possible no leaking during this test okay."

She squeezed her eyes tight as she felt a little urge. She took a slow deep breath. "This is cold gel... brace yourself."

She nodded. Cold clear gel dripped onto her belly a little. "Oh fuck," she whispered. He turned on the machine and grabbed the wand. He pressed it very gently over her midsection.

"You're doing good..hold it in there... okay I see one of the kidneys...just gonna need to press... your bladder is so full I am getting a great image...almost done with this side."

She felt a strong tingling. A kind of burning pressure in her bladder. She was so close.

"Need to see the other kidney... just breathe... almost done...gonna push a bit on this side."

He saw her wince a little in discomfort at the pressure on her swollen bladder. "Okay all done...perfect... okay I just need you to hold it for one more half hour."

"I can't," she whispered.

"Just try. Try your best to hold it in. You're doing great so far."

"I really.... is there a cup..that I can go in...I have to."

"Breathe. Hold it... relax your legs... imagine your bladder expanding to hold all the fluid. Your bladder can handle it...trust it. I'll be back in a half hour so we can start the emptying process. Just don't think about the full half hour. Focus on each moment a time. Fight the urges."

The half hour was pure torture. The ache in her bladder intensified. She felt so much pressure. She whimpered a little at the discomfort. She saw her belly area with the blanket on it. It felt like a hard ball within her. She felt another spasm of urgency.

'I can't pee like this..not on a exam table... just.. a few more minutes. i can do this... don't pee... don't do it...hold it... oh fuck I .... just another few minutes... then I can go... just need to wait.'

She was going to turn the tv on and focus on that but she didn't want to move. She heard the sound of running water. He recorded her reaction of the sweat on the mat. Her trembling legs. Her body temperature had gone down more. She was shivering a little. She had fifteen minutes left. He heard her whimper a little. He knew when the time was up he had to move fast. He saw the minutes tick down. He heard hear voice saying how she need to pee. The tingling got more intense. The burning got on the painful side. She never had to pee so bad in her whole life. Her body quivering with each strong bladder contraction. He saw the last minute was up. He rushed across the hall.

"I'm going to do this as quick as I can for you okay. Just a few more minutes. I need to get the measurements one final time," he said moving the blanket out of the way and draping it on a chair nearby. He gently moved back her gown and rested the measuring tape on her belly, which was like a rock. Almost looking two months pregnant.

"How the emptying process works is I am going to slowly tilt the table upward so you can sit up then I will have you scoot forward so your bottom is resting on the table but the front area is not. I will put a special funnel up against you and I will need you to pee as hard and fast as you can at firs then when I tell you you can slow down to a normal peeing speed that's comfortable for you."

"Okay. Hurry please. i'm gonna flood this table in seconds."

"You can remove your legs from the holders just keep them apart."

It took her a moment to gain control and move her legs. They were trembling much more now.

He pressed the button for the exam table to raise. "You'll feel the urge is more intense since the weight of your full bladder will be more difficult with gravity just hold on. You're doing great... breathe." She whimpered a bit as the exam table now was at a sitting upright position. All of her urine threatening to break the dam. He grabbed the container which was clear and had measurements on it and placed it on a ledge that was beneath her bottom. He grabbed the funnel that had wires on it which was attached to a machine and rested it in the funnel.

"I need to clean you a bit so there's no germs. Scoot forward for me...more... yep just so that area is off of the table. There's handle bars on either side of the table you can hold onto."

She was teetering on the edge. He quickly grabbed a little wet nap with a cleaning fluid on it after he put on rubber gloves and dabbed at her skin there. She was just about to close her legs when he was finished cleaning her.

"I'm going to hold this funnel up against your body okay. When you are ready and I have it in position just like I said.Pee as hard and as fast as you can. your body might have some trouble peeing since it's been tense but just push... bare down and relax as much as you can. The funnel will record your stream speed, take photos of it. analyze your urine."

It only took a second or two from the moment he pressed the funnel against her body before he saw her push with her muscles and sigh softly in relief, the gush of light yellow poured through the funnel down into the collecting container, hitting the bottom of the container and coating the bottom.

"Keep going like that ....push.....perfect okay you can slow down..just pee normally," he smiled at her. "Feels good huh?"

She nodded a little.

"When you think you are done push a little. Empty out as much as you can. You're almost up to three hundred milliliters."

"I have more...I...can't stop peeing," she whispered shyly.

"It's okay keep going...pee as much as you can...you're doing great. okay...almost four hundred," it slow down to a drizzle. "Perfect."

He waited to move the funnel away until she was finished dripping.

"I am going to do some measurements on you then you can rest here for another hour. I imagine your desire to urinate will come again shortly. I'll do the same thing once more. Have you go in the funnel hard and fast again...then regularly. You can scoot back a little. I'll keep the table upright this time. Just relax," he said and put feet rests up. "Yep put your feet on there to keep them apart for me."

He left the room and watched her with the camera in the other room. He saw her lean her head back a little and exhale loudly. He saw her smile. Minutes ticked by. By the half hour mark he heard her say she had to pee. When the hour was up he entered and said, "Final time. Just need to measure you first."

She was trembling a little and her hands tight in fists. She lifted up her gown a bit and he laid the measuring tape on her belly. He cleaned her skin.

"I have to pee so bad."

He didn't even have to say anything to remind her how the process worked as soon as the funnel pressed up against her body she didn't hold back she pushed and urine flowed like a downpour.

"Good you can relax now. just breathe... you're doing great... up to a little over 5oo milliliters... if you have more just keep going..good.... I think your just about done," he said softly as he saw the stream slow down from filling the container. "510 milliliters of urine which is very good. You might feel some discomfort and burning in your bladder for a little while from stretching it," he said after moving the container and funnel out of the way. "Just drink regularly. Take a cranberry pill as well. Pee as soon as you need to. Just let your bladder relax for a few days."

He removed the rubber gloves and threw them out.

He wet a cloth with cold water and gently dabbed her forehead. "I know you're probably exhausted. Just go home and rest. You did very well."

She looked over at the container and saw all the urine in it. She couldn't believe all of that came out of her. He did a final measurement of her belly before letting her move her legs off of the stirrups.

"It was nice meeting you. it was a pleasure examining you today," he said with a sweet smile.

*006*2014-07-08 01:11

Awww thank you everyone for reading! My inspiration came from me just having a general doctor/patient role play interest. Feel free to check out my other two stories posted on this site. 'Alice desperation.' and 'Couldn't wait'

*008*2014-07-08 01:55

Eh.. i didn't really want that.. i wanted the doctor to be sympathetic and caring. he didn't enjoy seeing her struggle. he knew it was uncomfortable for her.

*013*2014-07-08 16:59

Aw you're welcome :D i loved writing it!

*016*2014-07-08 18:05

I've encountered too many doctors that had no bedside manner.. that i was just a 'number' not a patient... that's why with any doctor/ patient stories i write (I have a few others) the male doctor is always kind, patient and understanding.

*020*2014-07-09 12:31

Thank you!!

