Airman Megan Sparrows wetting as ordered

Author: Ishigreensa

*006*2012-03-25 06:35

“Inspection”

It had been about three days since the incident with the master sergeant, and now, Megan was happily as far from him as possible, dressed in her work clothes and learning by watching an airman with two stripes turning off the water under a sink.

“Well, that was common sense,” she thought to herself. “I know to turn the water off before removing something that would spray water all over.”

The other airman, a bit older than she was, with black curly hair and a light golden brown face smiled at her as he got the water turned off. “Now I’ve got the water off, you just pick off the cap on the faucet handle like I showed you.”

Megan dug her nail into the circular line that surrounded the c for the cold water handle, and eventually pulled it up revealing a cross hair lined screw which is known as a phillips’ screw. She reached into the green tool bag and pulled out a screw driver to take out the screw holding it down.

“So, tell me Airman Sparrows,” the older boy teased. “It seems that Sergeant Powell has been looking at you a bit much when we come back to the office. Haven’t you noticed? Maybe he wants to do you?”

“I’d appreciate it if you minded your own business, Airman Davis,” she addressed the E-3 which was actually an Airman First Class.

“That’s kind of insubordinate,” he winked at her as she pulled the knob off of the sink and fit the tool around the stem that would remove the innards that fits up into the knob.

“So? If you are going to taunt me about my personal life, I don’t think it counts in the military,” she said though a bit quietly as she wasn’t sure if this was true or not.

Davis laughed. He handed her the new stem, but kept hold of it as she placed her hand around it. “We are forgetting to check something, right?” he asked her.

Megan thought a moment, and then released the new stem and reached into the bag for a kind of funny looking metal stick that had a square bottom on it that fit down into the hole left by the missing stem. She then placed a crescent adjustable wrench over the stick which was nearly square, and twisted it. When she withdrew the stick, it held a small copper ring that had a square hole in it through which the stick had fit.

Davis smiled and gesture for her to look in the bag for a ‘seat’ that would fit the sink. Megan really already knew the whole procedure as this was the sixth leaking sink she had helped to fix since being there on that base.

“Look, I know what I’m doing,” Megan told him. “If you can just give me the benefit of the doubt, I could actually fix one of these sinks by myself.”

“That’s not up to me,” Davis smiled at her. “If you want to try on your own, you have to ask Sergeant Powell. Only he decides who is ready to work, and who still has to be trained.”

Megan sighed and put in the new seat, replaced the new stem, then the old handle, turned on the water, and showed him that she had done it correctly.

Davis called on the radio. “Piperfitter, Base.”

“Base by!”

“Job 2303 is completely.”

“Copy that. You are all clear for now. Report to base.”

They drove the truck back to the main shop where they sat in the break room like area waiting for something to do. It didn’t seem like there was really anything else to do, and Megan sat down thinking about everything that had caused her to join the Air Force in the first place.

She closed her eyes, and thought about her mother on her death bed when she was fifteen years old.

“My dear Megan, I worry about you the most. What will you do without a mother to finish raising you, and your dad so busy with the Air Force all the time. What will you do?”

Megan had not known at that time that she was going to go into the military, but she had promised her mother that she would be strong, and that she would find her way in life without her mother needing to worry. It was that promise, that had made Megan strong enough to complete basic training, and that memory that allowed her to put up with some of the teasing and harassment she got from her work place. She still didn’t know that it was illegal for them to make her feel like she was a liability at the shop, and she wasn’t even sure if it was because she was a woman, if it was because she was still inexperience, or if it was because the Master Sergeant wasn’t going to trust treating her like an adult for a while because of what had happened earlier in the week.

“Airman, wake up,” Davis smiled at her. “We have to go straighten the office since we are free.”

“Alright,” Megan stretched her arms above her head for a moment, and then walked behind Davis into the main supervisor’s office where there were two computers and another desk that faced the door with two chairs for the sergeant to chew out subordinates.

“Start with vacuuming the floor,” Davis told her as he walked from the office.

“Where are you going?”

“To clean something else,” he told her. “If you have a problem with that, then take it up with one of the sergeants.”

Megan sighed. She was sure he was just going to skate off from doing anything, but he had two stripes and she had none, so she did as she was told cursing at him from behind her narrowed suspicious eyes.

What else was he going to clean? Anyway, she started with vacuuming the carpet as she was told, she empty the trash can, and she wiped off the desks with furniture polish and then looked up at the clock. It was nearing break time, and she figured that if it was now going on 2:30, then she had a right to go down the hall, get herself some water, and use the toilet even though there was no one in the office at the moment.

She was just opening the door to walk down to the community snack area for the Civil Engineers which included everyone from plumbers to carpenters and road makers. And she saw Master Sergeant Powell talking to the First Sergeant. She stood at attention for a moment, and Powell looked up at her.

“All clear on the emergency truck?” he asked her.

“Yes sir, I think so. Davis told me to clean the office, and so I did, but it’s break time now, isn’t it, sir?”

“It is, but come to the office for a moment. I need to talk to you in private with the ‘First Shirt.”

Megan wasn’t sure she liked this. No one talked to the ‘First Shirt’ unless they were in big trouble. The ‘First Shirt,’ or First Sergeant was the ears for the commander for any squadron, and he would notify the commander if there were any problems that he couldn’t fix, but mostly, he handled the problems himself. The shops NCOs, in particular, the ranking NCO of any shop, were supposed to handle problems at the local level first, but as her NCOIC (Non-Commissioned Officer In Charge) was now involving the First Sergeant, she knew that it would be a big problem.

They walked into the office, and then she stood facing the desk while the NCOIC, Powell faced her from behind the desk and the First Shirt stood at the door of the office waiting for him to begin.

“I’ve recommended that you be put on dormitory duty for the next few weeks,” Powell told her. “As you know, we are often out in the field all day doing repairs, and after telling the First Shirt of your little problem we had the other day, I convince him that it would be easier on you to get to the bathroom if you were working in the dorms since every floor has one.”

Megan blushed. She had been doing good today and the rest of the week. Surely, he didn’t think she was just hiding her wet clothes from him, not to mention that they’d have to go to the dorm for her to change if anything like that happened while she was working. It had not! She wasn’t a child. She normally held it just fine.

“That’s not necessary, sir,” she looked up at him as sincere as she could be. “That was one time, and only one accident. It won’t happen again.”

The First Sergeant then walked over to her side. “Regardless, we need someone to take care of the dorms for the next two weeks, and I’ve decided that I want you to report to Sergeant Gann at the end of today’s shift to tell him that you will be helping him. We have to get the dorms ready for an inspection that is coming up, and though the airmen are responsible for their own rooms, we have a lot of work that needs to be down around the outside, in the office for the dorms, and we need to inventory each room for any problems.”

Megan swallowed. She knew that there would be regular inspections at times as she had been placed under inspection at least once a week during basic training. She nodded and knowing she had no choice, she said “Yes sir.”

“Good. Now are you sure you are not wet or are not hiding any wet clothes anywhere?” Sergeant Powell asked as the First Sergeant stood there listening. “I invited him here to have this discussion because I wanted you to know that I’m not picking on you just because you are a lady. You were wet the other day, and you know you can’t deny it.”

“That was the only time, sir,” she looked from Powell to the First Sergeant.”

“Fine, then you are dismissed. Go on break, and then wait in the shop unless you get sent on another job.”

###

Megan was awake at the normal time on the next morning, she walked down to the dorm manager’s office dressed in her fatigues ready to work. She didn’t know what kinds of jobs he’d have for her, but she was sure it wasn’t going to be that much fun. At least she wasn’t in any worse trouble, and the First Shirt had promised to keep her secret as long as it didn’t happen again.

She knocked at the office door, and Sergeant McKindly opened the door. He was a fairly heavy man who seemed twice as wide as he was tall, but it was not all fat. The thing that put him on this duty, however, was that he had especially thick glasses, and was nearing sixty years old. He couldn’t really move like the younger people, and he had only another year or two to go before he’d retire.

“Reporting as ordered,” Megan stood at attention at his door.

“At ease, airman,” the burly man barked. “As you know, we have inspections coming up, and I want to be ready for them. That means we need to make the grounds look good, make sure the washing room is in order, and that each and every room has fresh clean linen. We will start with replacing the linin in the first floor of B building where the girls sleep.”

“Yes sir,” Megan inwardly cursed. She was sure that her bed was okay, but still, she was a little nervous. She was scared to tell anyone that sometimes in the mornings, she woke up having to go so badly, that she sometimes leaked into her undies. Still, she was sure it never got on her bed, so there was no reason that anyone would find out, right?

She was one of eight girls in the Civil Engineering Squadron. The other 146 were men, that lived in the dorms anyway. There were yet others that were in base housing or that lived off of base all together. Just how big the CES (Civil Engineering Squadron) was, she wasn’t sure.

“So, I want you to come with me, and we’ll strip every one of the beds in the girls’ floor and take them to the laundry unit for clean linen.”

Megan and the sergeant walked into the first room of the floor which was not shared, but a single room belonging to the area chief. The room had expensive stereo equipment and a nice television set up in there. It was spotless everywhere, and not even one thing seemed out of place. Her wall locker was locked as required, and Megan gulped. She knew that her own room could be a little cleaner.

“Strip the left side of the bed,” the sergeant told her as he grabbed the blankets and sheets from the right side. They quickly pulled back the linen to reveal a very fresh looking mattress which nearly looked new.

“Did this girl even use her bed at night?” Megan wondered. They tossed the blankets into a heavy duty laundry cart and rolled it to the next room. The next room, to Megan’s relief, was a little more normal. The bed was left unmade, and there was a dirty pair of forgotten panties on the floor.

The sergeant picked up a clipboard from his side of the cart, and he made two check marks on it.

“What was that?” Megan asked him.

“Airman Waters has two marks against her. You airmen are to keep your rooms ready for an inspection at all times, no matter what. As you saw, she had her bed unmade, and a dirty pair of panties on the floor.”

They move the blankets into the big laundry cart, and Megan gulped. How many penalties was the sergeant going to mark against her? She was sure it was going to be hell.

They finally arrived at her room, and Megan closed her eyes as he opened her door. She opened her eyes very slowly as he walked into her room with her bed unmade, her dirty clothes from the day before on the floor, and her trash can still loaded with stuff in it under her desk.

On her desk, there were pens scattered, and her roommate’s side had her bed unmade, some dirty clothes here and there, and a couple of papers on the floor by the bed.

Megan’s eyes went wide. It had to be the worst of the girls’ rooms. She looked at the sergeant who just smiled. He looked from the messy room to her, and winked at her.

“Would you clean this room up, an then I’ll come back in after lunch and try my inspection again?” he asked her.

Megan’s jaw dropped. “Aren’t you supposed to just inspect?”

“Is that what you want me to do?”

She shook her head.

“Then clean up this room, and report to my office once it’s clean.”

Megan got to work cleaning up both sides of the room to make it spotless.

###

After nearly two hours, Megan went back to the office as it neared ten thirty. She paused outside the office first straightening her shirt and pulling her pants up to make sure she was presentable. Then she opened the door.

“Airman Sparrows reports as ordered.”

“You don’t have to say that ridiculous line every time you open my door,” the sergeant informed her. “Your room is clean then?”

Megan nodded.

“Good. Sit and take a break for a minute.”

“May I go to the bathroom first?” Megan asked him.

“Are you a child?”

Megan winced.

“Airman? If you are not a child, then take care of yourself. I don’t want to hear about if you need to use the toilet again. Just go, and then report back to what you were doing.”

“Yes sir,” Megan nodded and ran from the office to get to the bathroom. She felt a little strange with him telling her that it was okay to go anytime she wanted. She always got the feeling from her regular area of work that she had to wait until it was a convenient time to go.

###

*008*2012-03-26 13:18

{{:

Ishigreensa, you are one of my favorite authors on this site. I just commented on your Draco/Hermione HP alternative ending story and all of the stuff that makes that story tick are present here as well. For some reason I am really drawn to stories in which a woman is forced to desperation and eventual wetting because of the power another has over her - be it voluntary or involuntary - and your stories rarely disappoint. Furthermore, you put great attention to detail in your stories (the attention to the different military grades for instance, even with their official grade codes), which really helps to suspend disbelief and create a believable story.

Thank you for taking the time to write this. I anxiously look forward to your next installments.

}}

Thank you very much for your input and critique. I do try very hard to make them believeable, and I guess I like the humiliation that is caused by these kind of situations, and I always feel that there should be a cause for that, rather than for an adult girl to just wet on purpose or because she feels scared for no reason when she is an adult. One of the main things, is that I rarely write for the sexual feeling... as I think just the humiliation and the cute behavior of a girl that is wet... if far better than anything that would lead to arousal. Though I decide to try it with the military story, just to see how it would work. I think I like how I did this one, but I doubt I'll do much with sex and peeing at the same time though... as it just doesn't feel the same to me. ;)

I am trying to take my time and really put into these two stories a bit more than I have with the others... so I do not yet have an installment, but I do plan to write one for at least one of these stories this week, especially since my stories are getting a little attention.

*009*2012-03-27 00:11

“Bowling League”

So, it was now Friday late afternoon, and Megan was just walking into the bowling alley to report for her team’s first practice session. She recognized Sergeant Powell, The First Shirt, Sergeant Gann, and Airman Davis. She was the fifth member of the team.

“You can’t be serious,” Davis groaned. “There’s no way Megan can possibly help us win.”

“It’s not about winning,” First shirt informed him. “It’s only important to participate, besides, if you want to win, then teach her to throw the ball right!”

Megan sighed. She didn’t want to be there with any of those guys, and she really wished she could just disappear. She had never bowled before, and she knew that Davis had every reason to not want her there because she didn’t know how she was going to help them at all.

Powell walked over to her and handed her a shiny pink ball. “You just roll this down that lane between those gutters, and try to knock the pins over. You can try on your own first, and then after you see where you are at, maybe I’ll ask Airman Davis to help you.”

Megan sighed. At least she was allowed to wear jeans a tea shirt to play in. Her hair was tied up in a bun, and she felt very feminine but confident, something that to people like Sergeant Powell, probably sounded like an oxymoron. She lifted the ball up in her delicate slender right hand, turned it to find the finger holes, and then held it in just her thumb and two fingers for a moment to get a feel for it.

The ball was a little heavy and awkward, and she had to put her left hand up under it very quickly for fear it would slip off of her fingers and fall on her foot. The ball was supposed to be a light one, but it felt as though it wanted to drag her hand first to the floor in a fall you might see on those old Saturday cartoons.

Megan nodded as the Master Sergeant pointed down the lanes to the pins. Megan walked to the line, put the ball down and pushed it clumsily with her hand feeling the edge of the holes in the ball scraping against her fingers as the round heavy sphere slowly rolled about halfway down the polished floor, and then gradually pull to the left until it guttered out just about three or four feet from the pins.

“Very good first try,” the first shirt smiled even as Davis sniggered.

“Well, since you think it’s funny, airman,” the first shirt glared at him. “Maybe you can show her how it’s done?”

Airman Davis waited for her ball to come back, and then he picked up his blue ball. “Stand over there so you can see how I do this,” he instructed her. He started about five steps back from the line to the polished runway lane, and he took several quick steps, sweeping his right leg behind him and releasing his right hand just inches above the floor sending the ball at a medium speed towards the mark between the first two leading pins just to the left.

The pins domino-ed and left but three standing in the back. Davis smiled at her as the frame cleared itself, and set up again.

“Now,” Davis stood next to her. “Stand with your left foot just at the line before the lane.”

Megan did as she was told. The First Shirt watched him carefully as he instructed her how to stride, how to hold the ball, how to carry the ball, and how to release while sweeping her hind leg behind her. It was quite a grueling training exercise, almost as much work as running a mile and a half… almost.

After she had practiced for nearly an hour, just approaching the line, Davis decided she was ready to try it with a real ball again. She looked from Davis to the sergeants, but they seemed to be talking. Was she allowed to ask to take a break? She wasn’t sure. She looked back to Davis and carried her ball.

“Okay,” Airman Davis called to the sergeants. “She’s going to try it with the ball again!”

Megan could feel all of their eyes on her. She was nervous because the only reason she was there, was so that Sergeant Powell didn’t humiliate her, and she was scared that if she messed up and couldn’t even knock over a pin, that he would think she could not join the team, and then their deal would be off. She didn’t want to think about what that would mean as he told Airman Davis what she had done earlier that week.

Megan took the stance, lined up her foot with the appropriate arrow that Davis had shown her, and she took her steps towards the line. Her toe stepped over the line, but the ball when nearly straight. It flew right between, not the first arrow to the left, but the second, which still knocked over a few pins and showed quite an improvement from the first ball she had thrown.

“Very good,” Davis applauded her. The sergeants joined in in applauding her, and she could feel her face heating up at the attention. “Now, you need to pick up the spare,” Davis told her.

He told her to practice the steps to place the ball for shooting at the remaining four pins. She looked up at him for a moment, then nodded and did a few dry practice steps towards the line without her ball. He told her it was better to practice like this in front of just her team mates, as on the day of the competition, she would face some taunting, and she didn’t want to have to practice running to the line in front of the other teams.

Megan nodded and smiled a little as she realized that they were honestly teaching her to bowl without actually trying to make fun of her. She ran up to the line for the fifth time for the spare before Davis picked up her ball to give her.

“Um… can I come back in a moment?” she asked him.

“You really need to do this first,” he told her. “When we are in a game, no one really leaves the area if we are up in the next two rounds. It’s rude to make others wait on you, but if you ask Master Sergeant Powell, I won’t stop you.”

Megan didn’t want to ask if it seemed rude. She was already a little embarrassed that he had put her on dorm duty because he didn’t think she was strong enough. “I’ll wait until I throw this ball,” she whispered.

“Good call. Now, let’s go mark your starting point again…”

Megan prepared by putting her left foot just behind the line for throwing, and walked back five steps. She took a breath, feeling a little discomfort in her stomach, and then positioned herself with the ball in her right fingers and the opposite side of the holes in her left hand. She made four quick steps forwards, swept the wrong leg behind her, and rolled the ball which flew to the other side of the lane, though nearly halfway down before hitting the gutter.

“What was that?” Davis asked her.

Megan looked from Davis to the sergeants, and they all seemed to look at her like they couldn’t believe what she had done.

“Can you count, airman?” Davis asked her.

“Of course I can!”

“Then why did you only take four steps and not five?”

Megan looked down. She was nervous because she wanted to go to the bathroom, but it wasn’t an emergency. If she said this, she was sure she’d be mocked for her mistake. “I just got excited,” she lied.

“You don’t get excited until you see the pins fall,” Davis said with a frown. “There is no point in being excited if you are not going to knock down the pins, right?”

Megan looked down and she felt her eyes burning as tears started to make her vision blurry.

“Alright, Airman Davis,” Powell called him off. “Let her sit and take a break. She’s been at this for an hour and a half, so maybe she needs a break. We can all practice a bit and let her see how we do it.”

Davis nodded and walked back to his seat to sit and wait while the sergeants reset the frames and Sergeant Gann walked to the front to pay for more time on the lanes.

Megan looked up towards the lobby and the bathrooms. She wasn’t sure if she was allowed to ask yet, or if she could just go, so approached Powell so she could whisper.

“Excuse me, sir?” she asked meekly. “May I please go take a moment and come back?”

“Take a moment?” he asked her.

“Yeah, you know….”

Apparently he didn’t know. He looked at her still frowning and his eyes were knitted together in a puzzled but bemused gaze.

“I have to go pee,” she whispered very low. Her face turned nearly purple.

“Oh, you know where it is, don’t you?”

She nodded.

“Then go.”

Megan ran up the steps that separated the main lounge from the Bowling lane sitting areas, and she made her way quickly towards the toilet door for the ladies’. The lanes were actually rented out, and as such, it was quite a circus trying to slip between all the moving people, and to her dismay, she opened the bathroom door to find that there were over twenty girls waiting in lines for the three toilets.

She got behind a heavyset woman probably in her thirties and waited.

####

The weekend had gone by rather quickly. Megan had to admit that learning to bowl for the first time in her life was actually quite fun even if it left her arm sore the next day. She had managed to not do anything to really embarrass herself too much while learning, and on Saturday, she mostly slept and recovered from the exhausting training.

On Sunday, she had spent the morning watching television in the girls’ common area, and then gone down to the shopping BX for some window shopping in the afternoon. She was feeling quite well by then, and so when Monday came around, she was ready to work even if it was just in the dorms.

Megan knocked sharply on McKindly’s office door, and she entered.

“I see you are punctual again, airman,” the sergeant smiled at her. “I want you to mow the lawn today. I’ll show you how to gas up the riding mower, and then how to make sure the grass is cut evenly. Once you have done that, we will continue with C building’s linens, and then I’ll take you for lunch.”

It really wasn’t so bad being on dormitory duty, Megan observed. The sergeant in charge of the dorms was a lot less harassing towards her, and she felt like she was allowed to be a young lady with real needs of a real person.

Megan cut the grass of the grounds that were in the middle of five buildings. She then stripped over twenty beds of the old linens and replaced them, and then went out for lunch off of base in MrKindly’s private car.

Megan smiled as she looked over at the senior. He smiled back at her. She didn’t know if he was just being nice to her, or if this was his cheap shot at getting a date, but it didn’t matter. He didn’t seem to do anything inappropriate, and when they came back to the dorms, he put her to work cleaning some bathrooms over.

By the end of Monday, Megan felt like she was getting into the routine quite nicely. She wasn’t really sure if she preferred working in the shop, or if she preferred working in the dorms, but she did like not having to work with those people in the shop. Sergeant McKindly was so nice compared to them.

Tuesday morning, she woke up sweating. Megan pulled the blankets back and noticed that her panties were quite damp from all the perspiration, and her t-shirt was drenched. She looked at her clock on her nightstand and realized that she only had but a few minutes before she was to report to work! Her alarm had not gone off! She quickly climbed out of bed, tossed her sweaty things on the floor as she looked for some clean things to wear, and put on her fatigues before rushing down to the dormitory offices.

Her hair was still a little bit of a mess, but she just put it in a quick ponytail, and she was sure she still smelled because of all the sweating in the night. She wasn’t sure why she was so hot in April, but she shrugged it off as she knocked at the door.

“Enter,” McKindly barked from behind the door.

“Sorry I’m late,” Megan said in an anxious whisper.

“You’re not late,” he smiled at her. “But your appearance is a little shabby.”

“I’m sorry. My alarm didn’t go off, and I was so scared I was going to be late.”

“Go back to your room and get ready properly. I’ll expect you back in about an hour and a half,” the sergeant looked at her with a glare. “Just because we are on dorm duty doesn’t give us the pass to not properly take care of ourselves before work. I’ll be over there in a bit, so make sure you don’t dawdle getting dressed or you might find yourself in an uncomfortable situation.”

“Yes sir.”

Megan ran to the girls’ dormitories, back into her room, gathered her dirty things from her floor to make sure he didn’t see any reason to take points off of her, whatever those were, and then she prepared for a shower.

###

Her day had gone pretty good, and that afternoon, they were back at the bowling alley. Megan walked up to the First Shirt with a big smile. He returned the smile and looked at her chosen clothes, a cute blue skirt and a lighter blue sweater-like top.

“Are you trying to dress to kill this evening?” he asked her. “You really should not wear a skirt for bowling though. It’s likely to cause problems, airman. I’d send you home for pants or something, but I don’t think we have time.”

“It’s okay. I just wanted to look nice tonight.”

“Well, you should think about where you are going though, honey. You know if you bowl in that, you are going to be flashing our undies where everyone will see, don’t you? I think you should sit today’s practice out.”

“Oh, okay. I’m sorry,” Megan looked down.

“It’s okay. I’ll teach you to keep score.”

Soon the rest of the team was there, and though Davis thought her clothes were very cute, he was disappointed that she would not be practicing.

“But she can barely keep the ball straight yet!” he complained. “She has to practice!”

“Airman, cool it,” Powell told him. “Airman Sparrows is not dressed right for bowling and she was told so she will come tomorrow prepared to bowl.”

“When is our game again?” the four striped Sergeant asked with one stripe under the three that went through the star.

“I believe we have one this Friday, Sergeant Gann. We are playing the EMCS squadron.”

“Oh, cool!” Gann was not wearing his uniform though, but just a loose short sleeve pullover and a pair of jeans. That was what they were all wearing except the First Shirt who always went anywhere with his charges in his blues. He thought it was profession.

The evening wore on, and Megan was keeping score for them. As the second hour approached, Megan started to stretch and stand up.

“What are you doing, airman?” Davis asked her.

“Oh, um… nothing.” She sat back down. She was now not sure it she was allowed to stand up. The other sergeants didn’t tell him to lay off of her, so maybe she had to stay seated while she was keeping score.

“I think Davis is right,” Gann leaned in next to her to talk to her in a low tone. “If you are going to come unprepared to play, the least you can do, is keep score and not move while we are trying to improve.”

“Yes sir,” Megan nodded and went back to keeping score.

After two and a half hours, however, she started to fidget a little in her seat. The lane was rented for three hours, so she knew that just thirty minutes later, she should be able to go take care of her personal needs. She really should have come in jeans so that she wouldn’t be in this situation.

Davis came back after rolling a strike, and after hi-fiving his other male colleagues, he sat down placing a hand on Megan’s nearly naked thigh. “That’s how you make the pins fall!”

Megan raised her hand for a high five, but he looked at her funny.

“What? You think you should be involved in the action?” he asked her. “You didn’t even come dressed to play.”

“Davis,” Powell was behind them. “That’s not nice! Treat her with respect or I’ll have a talk with you about military etiquette with a stripe to boot.”

“Yes sir, sorry.” He raised a hand for a high five, but now Megan just turned away from him. She had a tear in her left eye. She thought that guys liked to see girls look pretty, but then, she was a soldier, and maybe that meant she wasn’t supposed to be pretty.

Powell squatted down next to her. “Airman Sparrows? What’s wrong, young lady?”

“Nothing,” she said wishing she wasn’t there.

“Go to the bathroom and freshen up. I’ll take care of the score for you for now.”

She nodded and stood up, but as she did, the full realization of her bladder made her bend at the waist and her right hand rubbed her side. Immediately, Powell noticed this, and thinking she was sick, he turned to Airman Davis.

“Keep score, and tell them to skip my turns for now. I’m taking Sparrows home.”

Davis now saw her bending at her waist with tears in her eyes and a hand on her side, and he looked at the ground. He should not have been tantalizing her if she was sick. He didn’t understand it. She didn’t look sick when she was sitting there taking points for their practice. He sat as he was told and Powell took Megan by the hand.

“Come on,” he gently said reaching an arm around her to support her. “Did you drive here?”

“No,” she said shaking her head. “Honestly, I’m okay. I just need to go to the bathroom a minute.”

“No, you are not okay, airman. Your side is hurting you, and you are feeling sick. I’m taking you home, and then making sure you are okay before I leave you. I don’t want you to walk like this.”

He led her past the bathroom and outside, though she really just wanted to go in there. Her face felt hot and she was embarrassed. She wasn’t sick at all, but if she told the sergeant that she needed to pee, and that was the only reason, would he make things worse for her since he thought she was a child already? She let him lead her to his car.

“You can get in,” he nodded at her as he held the door, but Megan was not sure she should. She bent at her knees and closed her legs tightly together to try to keep from peeing her panties and her skirt. He just smiled as he watched her bending over with her hand on her side.

“It’s okay, Airman. Get in.”

“I really have to go potty,” she looked up at him with tears in her eyes.

“Oh,” he looked at her. “Well, I could let you go back inside, but in the condition you are in, are you sure you’ll make it? If you don’t, everyone will see you pee your pants….”

Megan blushed. She was scared of everyone seeing. “I don’t want to wet,” she said her legs shaking uncontrollably as she stood half bent at the waist. “What should I do?”

“Get in the car, and we’ll try to get you home. You can go there.”

“And if… if I… I don’t make it?” she was getting scared.

“If you don’t make it, you’ll be home, so you can clean up.”

“But everyone in the dorm will see.”

“Oh, I didn’t think about that. Tell you what, come to my house, honey.”

“I…”

“It’s not a request,” he looked in her eyes. “I want to make sure you have your dignity when you face everyone you will work with, so just come to my house, get yourself cleaned up, and then I’ll take you home in clean clothes if you are wet.”

She nodded. She didn’t know how else to fix the problem, and she could already feel the waters at the edge of her pleading muscles as they quivered to hold it back. “I’m about to wet,” she admitted to him blushing deeply.

“I know you are,” he smiled at her. “Just do it. I’m taking you to my house so you can clean up.”

“I don’t want to,” she stuttered still shaking her legs violently trying to find any distraction she could from the discomfort.

He put her into the car and put the belt over her lap and shoulder. “It’s okay,” he whispered to her and then closed the door. He walked around, and Megan felt the crotch of her panties getting quite warm. She was going to do it any second, and it looked as if she had no choice.

The car pulled out of the parking lot, and they started towards the base gate. Megan noticed, and she felt her leg get a little more jumpy as she looked at him blushing. “Don’t you live in housing?”

“No, I live off of base.”

“I can’t wait that long,” she gasped.

“I told you not to worry about it. Just wet your pants, airman. I know you are going to.” He looked over at her as he calmly said these things.

“But didn’t you tell me that it’s unacceptable for a professional soldier to do that and that it was a kind of harassment?” she asked as she sat there still trying to keep her composure.

“True, but you are not in uniform,” he smiled at her. “Right now, you can just be my little girl, and I’ll take care of you.”

“I’m not a little girl,” she blushed.

“We’ll see about that. If you make it all the way to my house dry, then I won’t even mention it again, but if you are wet, then you’ll just accept that you are my responsibility and let me treat you like you are my child. Unless, you’d rather me take you to the First Shirt and you can explain to him that you were about to wet your pants at the bowling alley in front of everyone again.”

Megan’s eyes water. She didn’t want anyone to think that she was a baby, or especially anyone to realize what she was about to do when her side had hurt in front of everyone. She looked away from Powell for a moment, then with a tear coming down her face, she looked back at him. “Okay, I’ll let you treat me like your daughter as long as you don’t do it in public,” she agreed as she felt her panties starting to dampen.

“Good girl,” he reached over and rubbed her back. “Now, are you wetting your pants?”

“Yes sir.”

“Good girl. I’ll just take you to my house to clean up, and then we can take you back to the dorms all dry and no one will know what happened to my high school kid.”

“High school?” she raised an eye at him.

“Well, you don’t want to be a baby do you? If you are my baby, I’d have to put you diapers even for going home in.”

She shook her head. Definitely diapers were out!

“Alright. You go ahead and finish peeing your pants so I can get you cleaned up when I get you to my place.”

####

As they pulled into the drive, Megan could see some toys scattered around the yard. It looked as though he already had a couple of little kids at home, and that meant a wife.

“Won’t your wife think I’m your girlfriend?” she asked him.

“No!” he practically yelled at her. “She knows about you because she’s my wife. I told her that if I found you wet again, I might take you here to help you get cleaned up because I feel that as your supervisor, it is my job to look out for you. You are just a young person, barely out of basic training, and so we are the closest thing you have to parents close by.”

Megan felt her face get hot and flushed.

“I’ll just go in and get you a blanket to cover your wet skirt in so no one notices you are wet, okay? Stay here a minute.”

Megan sat in the car for a few minutes, thinking about what was happening to her. Was Powell really going to treat her like a child? Did he think of her as a high school kid? It was a little embarrassing, and yet, something inside her made her feel warm about it. It relaxed her so completely that she felt herself peeing again, because if he really was like her dad, then it didn’t matter to him if she wet her pants. The flood soon poured out all over the seat under her, but she could only smile. She would see what kind of daddy he was.

*010*2012-03-28 12:58

“Return to Duty”

Megan had never been so humiliated as from the evening before, but at least now, she was free to report to the dormitory office feeling relieved and quite refreshed. She had just a hint of perfume about her body, her hair tucked carefully and neatly into a professional looking bun, and her eyes and face ‘lightly salted in make up.’ She was ready for the impending inspection from the base colonel.

As Megan opened the office door, she saw too, that Sergeant McKindly was looking his sharpest with his hair trimmed around his ears and back of his neck and a tie to match his blues.

“So, when will he be here?” Megan asked the sergeant her eyes wide awake and ready to present the best image she could.

“He can be here anytime up to one thirty this afternoon. I do not want you messing up your appearance until he shows up, so I’ll have you in the office until then. I take it you know how to answer the phone?”

Megan nodded as she remembered him training her how he wanted her to answer it on the second and third days they were working together.

“Good. I’ll be doing some last minute inspections myself to make sure we are ready for the inspection. This is very important for us, because the dormitories with the best inspections will be given a whole new entertainment room with equipment for working out as well as billiard tables and a couple of ping pong tables.”

Megan nodded. It was McKindly’s job to supply what he could to the airmen in his dorms to keep their morale up without them getting into trouble. At the moment, their entertainment room had nothing but an old billiard table that had seen better days and a television where the residents gathered to watch ‘big games.’

Megan watched the man stand up with her bright sparkling peepers, and before she could say anything, he pointed at the radio sitting next to the computer.

“If you need anything, reach me on that. I’ll be just doing things that need to be done. Don’t disappoint me and keep your uniform sharp.” Then he walked out the door.

“Now, this is boring,” Megan thought to herself. “What, am I just to sit here and do nothing?”

As the time drew one past two hours at about nine thirty, Megan stood up and stretched. No one had called the dorms, the colonel had not yet come, and the dorm manager, Sergeant McKindly was still out somewhere doing whatever duties he had. She stood up and walked to the washroom to take care of business.

As she came back, walked with sharp taps caused by her polished dress shoes, she noticed that Sergeant McKindly and the colonel were standing in front of the offce.

“Where were you, airman?” Sergeant McKindly asked her laced with ice in his words.

“I just went to…” she fell silent as the colonel stared sternly into her innocent dancing eyes.

Sergeant McKindly also didn’t look very happy, but he barked at her. “Where? We didn’t hear you, airman!”

“The bathroom,” Megan whispered a little afraid she had done something wrong.

“Fine,” the colonel turned on his heel and started to lead them from the offices of the dorms and to the C building third floor.

Megan stood with a clipboard that the colonel passed her with directions to check off anything that the colonel mentions needs to either be fixed or cleaned, and also she was write down any comments he had to related to the airmen in charge of each of the bedrooms he visited if he found anything to complain about.

It took them over four hours to inspect the dorms, and finally, they were arriving at the last place, the girls’ floor. Megan shivered as she walked through the common area door almost scared that he would say something about the area the moment he came in, but he did not.

“Open that room first,” the colonel wanted to see the bay chief’s room. Megan started to feel her bladder nudging her from inside, but she kept her face straight and stood there her legs nervously twitching though.

Of course, the bay chief had a very nicely polished and eye blinding brilliant room. The colonel stepped into the room and inspected the little sink and under it to see that the girl’s make up were nicely put away, and that there was nothing to mark off on. The mirror seemed to sparkle as did the white porcelain of the sink.

“Is this room even used?” the colonel asked Sergeant McKindly.

“Of course it is,” he showed the colonel his list.

“This airman needs to show B-2’s chief how to keep an example room,” he said to Megan. “Write that down.”

Megan gulped.

“She does have a little too much in the way of things in here though. Her entertainment system could be a hazard if we had a natural disaster.”

Megan wrote that down too.

Without finding anything else, the colonel looked at Sergeant McKindly. “Well, as my time is about up here, would you show me the newest member’s room?”

Megan gulped. That was her room. She walked just behind the sergeant as he opened the door for the colonel and he walked in. Though her room, which she shared with another girl that she really didn’t get to know that well at all, was as clean as she could think to get it, she knew that it was definitely not up to the standards of the other room that they had just come from.

“Is this your room?” the colonel asked her.

“Yes sir.”

“Your BDUs are not to be out on your bed even if you think they are laid out for the next work day. Is that your bed, or your roommate’s bed?” he asked.

“My bed,” she whispered.

“Your sink has cosmetic products on it,” the colonel said as he looked at her.

Megan felt exasperated. She had put her things away, and she thought her roommate had done the same, but here were her roommate’s things around the sink. “Sorry sir.”

“Strip the beds,” the colonel said.

“What?” Megan’s mouth dropped. He had not asked the beds in any other room to be stripped, so she didn’t expect it.

“You heard me, airman. Strip the beds.”

Megan gulped. She really didn’t want him to look at her sheets, but she really had no choice.

The colonel watched as she first pulled the blankets off her roommate’s bed and he looked carefully at the condition of the sheets. “These were just changed recently?” he asked.

“Yes sir.”

“Now your bed,” he looked at her.

Megan pulled the blankets back so he could see her white fresh sheets, and the colonel smiled. He then walked out of the room without another word.

###

Megan sighed when the colonel left, but it had been about four hours a few minutes, and she really wanted to use the restroom again. She started towards the bathroom, but that was when McKindly motioned for her to come to him.

“Airman, please come into the office.”

“Can I please go to the ladies’ room first?” she asked.

“No. You can go after I’m done. It’ll only take a few minutes.”

Megan nodded and followed him into the office.

“Have a seat,” he told her. “I know why you want to go to the bathroom. You want to delay our talk. You think that I saw something, and I want to know what that was.”

Megan looked up at him wondering what he expected her to say. She had not hidden anything and the colonel seemed pleased enough. She crossed her legs and smiled up at him. “I’m not hiding anything,” she said sweetly.

“No, then why did you hesitate in pulling your blankets back? Why were you fidgeting nervously as we were looking at your room?”

“It’s an inspection sir. I was just scared.”

“Scared? You didn’t look as nervous in any of the other places, airman. I think you are trying to hide something from me, and I swear, I’ll find out what that is.”

Megan looked down. What she was hiding couldn’t be any of his business, and anyway, it wasn’t like it affected how her room was or the inspection. Even the colonel had left her alone with finding only something wrong with the makeup products around the sink.

“I’m not hiding anything, sir,” she reaffirmed. “May I please go to the bathroom now?”

He shook his head. “I want to know what you take me for. I wasn’t born yesterday. You were scared he was going to ask you to show him someplace private, weren’t you? What would you say if I took you back upstairs, and looked under your bed or in your wardrobe?”

“I… I didn’t think you were allowed to ask to look anywhere that is locked up,” Megan replied with a shaking voice.

“I assure you, I do that the right to check your personal things if you are present, and if I believe something is wrong. But I’m wondering about starting with just under your bed. I bet you have something hidden under it.”

Megan gulped. “I don’t sir,” she trembled a bit.

###

Megan was finally back in her room, taking off her blues later that afternoon. She had been glad that the sergeant finally dropped it, and had not actually come up to look under her bed. She reached up under it, and pulled out her damp undies from the day before and put them in the laundry bag. They were now dry enough that they wouldn’t make her other clothes damp or smell, but they were a little yellow stained.

Now, she had just a few minutes to get ready, and the head out to her bowling team. She had hoped that the others had not asked Sergeant Powell about what had happened that night before because she wasn’t sure how much he would tell, and it was humiliating enough!

The night before, Master Sergeant Powell and his wife both came out to the car to get her, the wife continuing with barraging him questions about why a grown airman would need help at their house, and why she had to lend the young woman a skirt and some undies. She didn’t care that Megan was wet, only that the sergeant had toted her home with him.

“What do you mean, bringing your wet tramp home to change into my clothes? You should have just taken her home,” the woman continued to yell as the sergeant opened the door.

Megan looked up at the woman, her eyes quite watery as the woman took in her very immature posture and her heavy breathing as though she were about to cry. Her skirt was soaked, her eyes were now leaking little streams down her cheeks, and she had the cutest little attempt at a smile.

“Fine,” the older woman said exasperated. “Bring the child in and get her cleaned up.”

The sergeant seemed to barely hear what his wife had said because he had already decided what he was going to do, and was already helping Megan out of the car putting a blanket around her. They led her into the house, and once at the bathroom, Sergeant Powell released her shoulders and went into the living room to sit with the kids.

Mrs. Powell, however, entered the bathroom with her. “What happened to you, miss?” she now asked as her anger had faded upon seeing her childish state. “Why didn’t you use the toilet, young lady?”

“I… I don’t know,” was all Megan could say.

“Well, if you are really just a child, then you are not trying to steal my husband from his kids, right?”

She shook her head. “No, ma’am. I thought he was just going to take me home, but he said that if I went home like this, everyone would see and make fun of me.” Her head was bent down, and she could only stare at the woman’s shoes hoping that she believed her.

“Well, if you are just a child, then,” the woman smiled. “Do you want some help getting cleaned up? Or shall I just leave you alone?”

“Can… can you give me a little privacy?” she asked blushing.

“Sure. When you are done, my room is right across the hall. Wrap a towel around yourself, and I’ll get you a skirt.”

Megan had nodded, and that was all she could recall of the night before. It had been bad enough though. She didn’t even want to think about what the kids must have thought. She just wanted to put it behind her. She had come home later, after they had made her some dinner, and she had slept after trying to think what she should do with her wet undies. Her skirt was not a problem, because she just hung it up to dry in the wall closet, separate from the other clothes, but the undies were saturated, and she was afraid they’d leak to the floor. The skirt for some reason, was already dry enough to not drip, though it was a bit damp.

###

Megan put on a pair of white tan dress pants and a lavender top to go bowling in. This would be her last practice before the big game in a couple of days, and she wanted to be able to at least throw the ball straight. Maybe she would get a few points for her team, and then Airman Davis would leave her alone about how badly she bowled.

Megan walked down the road with a small smile on her face trying to think about how great it would be if she could just get through the rest of the week without any more trouble. The inspection was now behind her, and since she was properly dressed, they wouldn’t make her keep score, so she would be able to enjoy herself fully on this day.

###

They were still worried when she came to practice, so they spent the first hour of their time, with Airman Davis showing her how to step and release the ball without even starting yet. Then, when she threw her first ball, though it had knocked the last pin on the left before hitting the gutter, it was still not enough and Airman Davis seemed to think she needed to be coaxed through the spare, and the next three frames.

Still, after about three frames, Megan was now rolling good straight balls, that though her spares were still almost non-existent, she could still pick up a point or two on the second ball so that the others finally started to lay off of her.

Two and a half hours into the game, Megan looked up towards the bathrooms. She watched Airman Davis take his turn with her legs a little big fidgety, but not really desperate, and then she took her turn. She pulled down four pins with the first ball and then five more with the second one. Only one pin was standing. Then she started to walk past the seats.

“Where are you going, airman?” Davis asked her.

“I’ll be right back,” she replied.

“That’s not what I asked you. Sergeant Powell? Don’t you think that our weakest member should be paying attention to how everyone throws so she can get better?”

“Yes, that does sound like a good suggestion Airman Davis,” and he looked over at Megan. “So, where are you going?”

“Just… just to the ladies’ room,” Megan replied blushing.

“I see. Well, I supposed you should go then. We don’t want any problems,” and he winked at her.

Megan blushed and walked as fast as she could towards the bathroom. She was a little embarrassed that Airman Davis knew where she was going, but she wasn’t sure why she felt that way except that maybe it had to do with the whole thing that had happened the day before.

When she was finished, she came straight back so as not to disappoint anyone. The bowling session was going to be over soon, and it was already the seventh frame. The men were sitting around talking as she came down the steps.

“What kept you? It’s your turn,” Davis said to her.

Megan just nodded and picked up her pink ball. She could feel all of them watching her, and she dug down deep in her heart, and she whispered. “Please, just let me do one good one. Let them leave me alone after this one! Please!”

Megan did not step up to the line and toe her way back as she had been taught. Instead, she just felt a rush of energy come over her, and she started by bouncing up and down on her toes as she eyed the pins further down the lane. She imagined where she wanted to place the ball, and she whispered again. “Right there. Please! Right there! I want the ball to hit the pins, right there!”

Davis looked at her shaking his head. What was she doing? She wasn’t even measuring her steps. Maybe she thought she had learned how far back to start. Well, whatever, he would let her learn the hard way. It was always best to know when to stop hovering over a trainee.

Megan then took a step forward bouncing up, and the second step on the down, and the third step up, and the forth step, and she came down, she came down way too low making the ball touch the floor as she swept her foot behind her, and her fingers felt as though she had just snapped them as the ball left her hand. Her eyes were still staring, not at the ball, but at the mark she had wanted it to go to.

Davis watched as the girl nearly fell to the floor, as he thought, but seemed to stop placing the ball against the polish surface and pushing it sending it down between the marks he had been trying to get her to concentrate on. The ball was rolling nearly straight, but it had a suspended spin on it. The floor was slippery, so the spinning did not yet affect the ball, but it sailed down the shiny floor until it was about six inches from the pins, and then due to the spin finally catching up with its momentum, it flew to the right, directly between the top pin and the second one behind it.

Everyone watched as pins flew up off of the floor, and butts of pins knocked into the pins behind them, and in an instant, it felt like a cloud had gathered at the impact point so that no one really knew how it happened, but as the scene became focused once again, not one pin was standing.

Megan was now sitting on the floor, her legs almost in a split as though she had been in ballet, and her eyes were still focused on the clearing cloud with her jaw fully extended as though it wanted to drop to the floor as well. Her eyes were focused on the non-existent pins. She was glued there for at least a minute.

Powell looked in wonder at the clearing pins, and searched carefully for any pins at all that happened to just look invisible at the moment, but in disbelief, he had to accept that she had actually gotten her first strike! The First Sergeant was the first to speak after several moments of silence.

“Way to go, Sparrows! That’s how we get the pins down!”

Megan blushed and picked herself up off of the floor. She walked back to the group feeling a rush of accomplishment, but on shaking knees. That was the most exciting moment she’s had since coming to the base.

###

When Megan fell over her bed not even able to take off her clothes from the exhaustion of practice and then later celebrating with her team, she immediately fell into a deep sleep.

Megan didn’t know why, but she felt like she was out in the mountains, now hiding from a very dangerous monster that she had been running from. Any moment, it could come around the giant boulder that she was hiding behind, and this made her legs shake and her breathing to deepen. Any moment, she was going to be leapt upon by a great monster.

Megan slid behind the boulder, her back to it, and rechecked her rifle that she happened to have with her. The M-16 was only capable of firing three rounds at a time that she pressed the trigger, or able to spend one round. She had it leaning on the boulder to her left, and her dirty hands were sweating as she contemplated her options.

The girl on the bed moved her left leg up and seemed to be in mid-crawl in her sleep as her hands grabbed around her pillow pulling it more fully under her face which had slipped down into the bed. Sweat was gathering at the back of the neck of her blouse and making it a bit wet there. Her breathing was picking up.

Megan pulled her rifle down to her side, and then rolled to the left just a bit and just long enough to look around the boulder. Yes, the spooky monster was there, seeming to sniff at the air. It was on her trail, she was sure. She rolled back behind the boulder, and pulled her clip out to check the number of bullets in the clip.

“Great,” she muttered to herself quietly. “Only about ten rounds, and that monster hasn’t seemed to slow down at all by the last four that was sent directly at its soft side. How could it still be standing and acting as though it was whole, when she knew that she had hit it at least four times? Or, did she hit it? She did remember that the bullets had done something strange when they seemed to be close enough to hit the thing, but she didn’t remember exactly what it was that had happened to them.

Megan replaced the clip and rolled back onto her stomach facing the monster. It was about as tall as a pony with four sturdy legs ending in claws, but its body and head were the same thing! It looked like a giant brain on four legs, and no visible face or eyes. Currents of energy that could be signals flashed around the gray matter’s body, and it turned to face Megan’s boulder. The reason she could tell, was only because the feet faced her.

She raised her rifle to an aiming position, and she sighted the gray mass near the dead center of what was facing her. She was sure that the bullet she was about to plant into it would not hurt it, and that something strange would happen, but she wanted to know what had happened to the other bullets that she had shot. She had to try.

Her brow was sweating. Her legs felt numb. Her finger was playfully feeling the contours of the trigger as she sighted the monster trying to decide whether this was a good idea. Her ears burned. Her hair was strung around her in the dirt, and her shirt was caked in dirt. The air was tense. This was the moment that would either drop the creature or end her life. She had to kill it.

Megan ignored the feeling of a pool of water that seemed to be around her waist and her legs. The pool of water, which was obviously from rain or something similar, as she could only figure. Her only thought was to take careful enough aim, that she would drop the monster before it had a chance to react.

###

What had happened to the dream, Megan didn’t know. She felt as though there was some time though between that dream, and the moment she woke up, not under the blankets, but on top of them, and her lower pelvis, so drenched that the puddle spread the wetness up to her stomach and down the top half of her thighs. She was wet!

Megan pulled herself up onto her knees before she realized, that her bed was wet! Her tan pants were stained dark, and as she turned her head to the left, she saw that her roommate was up, and staring at her darkened pants.

“What the fuck?” the one stripe airman looked confused into Megan’s eyes. “You just wet the bed!”

Megan looked down at her pants, her face turning crimson, and she looked back up at Jamie. Jamie could only stare for a moment, and then she just turned around shaking her head and went to getting ready for work. Megan looked at the clock and knew that time was limited.

She stripped her clothes off and walked to the showers with but a towel on, knowing she was going to be late. She had little choice. There was no way she was going to go down to the dorm manager all wet.

###

“You’re a little late,” Sergeant McKindly observed as Megan came in to the office.

“Sorry sir.”

“That’s fine. Today is your last day with me, and then you will report to your usual work tomorrow.”

“Yay,” Megan said a little sarcastically. She was starting to like the dormitory duties, but she knew that it wouldn’t last. Her normal job was a plumber, not a dormitory worker.

“Today, just stay in the office and answer the phone,” the man told her. Then he disappeared again.

###

After a fairly uneventful day, Megan went to her room to get ready for bowling. Today would be her first game with the team, and now, she had the team sweat pants and a shirt that was given to her the night before.

Megan quickly dressed into these, and then she ran to get an early dinner before going to the bowling alley.
