A Fictional Fantasy - Megan

Author: phoenix80803

*000*2017-05-10 06:38

Megan sighed as the water poured over her naked body. It splashed onto her brown, shoulder length hair, and trickled down over her shoulders, ran between her amble, yet humble, breasts and down across her flat stomach, acquired from years of gymnastics, and down toward her neatly shaved nether regions and muscular legs.

But there was another reason that she was sighing. Megan had a small bladder, and because she was that kind of girly girl, she thought the college bathrooms were disgusting. She only visited them for the mid-period gossip session. So she often arrived home quite bursting. She tried to minimize this by using the bathroom before she left home for college. This often helped tremendously. She often took a shower right when she came home so she eventually figured out that she could pee while in the shower. She eventually managed the knack of peeing standing up. When she did it the first time, the feeling of the pee spraying out from her body felt so empowering. She could now do it whenever she wanted. But she still wasn't confident enough or brave enough to do it at school.

She ran her long-nailed hands through her thick hair, rinsing out the shampoo. She then took her bath pouf and rubbed all over her body, taking special care to clean between her breasts and legs. She turned the water off and stepped out of the shower. She dried herself off and dressed in a pair of sky blue panties, a dark navy blue, almost black, bra, a black t-shirt, and a comfortable pink little skirt that she could wear to sleep.

For dinner, there was pizza and spicy chicken wings. Megan hadn't had this particular meal for so long, she came downstairs to the kitchen and dove right into the food. This unfortunately, caught up to her. She had to stop and take large gulps of milk to quench the heat, but one cup wasn't enough and she had to down three cups before the burning subsided to a manageable level. The rest of Megan's dinner passed rather uneventfully.

* * * * * * * * * * * *

Megan was up until almost midnight finishing her homework, and right before she went to bed, she barely remembered to use the bathroom right before going to sleep. Her body had processed the dinner, and some of the milk that she had guzzled at dinner. But the remainder of the milk was still in her system. She went to sleep that night with two and a half glasses of liquid in her body.

* * * * * * * * * * * *

Megan's big brown eyes snapped open the next morning to the sound of her mother yelling.

"COME ON MEGAN! YOU WERE SUPPOSED TO BE UP AN HOUR AGO! YOU'RE GOING TO BE LATE!" Her mother shouted before disappearing to who knows where.

Megan jumped out of bed and stripped to her underwear, not caring about modesty at this point. She remembered that today was her boyfriend, Bryan's, concert for band. She decided that she should wear something nice. She decided to wear a nice flowery dress with a small sleeveless denim jacket.

She ran down the stairs, grabbed a granola bar from the pantry for breakfast, slipped on a pair of rubber sandals and ran out the door.

Now that she was out of the house, she could start walking. She was suddenly hit by the realization that in all the hurry she had been in, she had not used the bathroom.

"Hey," Megan shrieked and miraculously, maintained control of her bladder. It was just Bryan. She smacked him.

"Dumbass, don't scare me like that." She said, pouting.

"Don't pretend you're not happy to see me." He replied. That was true. Every day that she saw him was like a light being brought into her life. She loved everything about him, his scent, his smile, his laugh.

"So, are you nervous for your concert today?" She asked with a smile.

"Well now that you mention it, yes I am. Thanks for that." He replied dryly.

"Aww baby. You'll do so well." She said, rubbing up against his arm.

"Thanks for the vote of confidence."

###

In her first class, Megan realized she was in trouble. She couldn't stop shifting. She

Didn't hold herself, but she did discretely cross her legs, and bounce them when no one was watching. She could feel the hot piss stored in her bladder, at the edge of her urethra, waiting for the failure in muscle control or focus to come rushing out.

She was not going to let that happen.

She looked feverishly at the clock. Okay. One more class period and then she could dash to the least dirty restroom on campus, the faculty one. One of her good friends, Kesha, had stolen one of the keys and gotten a copy made so whoever absolutely needed to go could do so. But there was only one person with the key, Kesha. And if she wasn't here, you were out of luck.

The bell suddenly rang, causing Megan to lose control for a fraction of a second. There were no wet patches, but it did bring the pee closer to the opening of her urethra. Her lower lips trembled. Could she really keep it all inside? Over 12 hours' worth of piss? But just to check, she ran/shuffled to the bathroom.

She dashed inside a stall and locked the door. She lifted up the bottom of her dress and felt around. She felt a bit of a wet spot and panicked. I thought I didn't leak yet! But wait. There was something strange about the spot. She reached inside her panties and felt around for the wet spot. When she found it, she realized what the wet spot really was. It was her love juice, the result of her arousal. Why am I so aroused by this? She wondered.

The five-minute warning bell rang and Megan remembered where she had to be. She ran out of the bathroom as fast as she could with a full bladder to her next class.

The next class wasn't so bad. But that was because she wasn't focused on her bladder, well, not directly. She was focused on why she felt so aroused. The feeling of a full bladder wasn't exactly something to be turned on about, but she was anyway. After what felt like 5 minutes, she was shaken out of her trance by the bell.

"You ready to go?"

Megan whirled around and once again almost lost control but she saw it was just Bryan.

"I told you, don't do that!" She snipped, angrily.

"Sorry, I thought you heard me coming. C'mon, let's get to the auditorium. I need to change still." He continued, then walked away.

"Wait!" Megan called. She walked as fast as she could without holding herself. She could see confusion in Bryan's expression.

"Hey Meg, what's wrong?" He said, concerned. "Are you hurt?"

"No… I … just needtopee." She said, the last part coming out in a rush. Bryan quickly looked away and tried to act casual.

"Well… why don't you just go in the bathroom? I'll wait." He said.

"No. Those bathrooms are disgusting. I'll rather pee in a bottle than in that thing." She replied. Bryan knew it wasn't smart to go arguing with Megan. She would always win.

"Well, whatever, but don't cause yourself any pain." He said. "Now then, I've got to go get warmed up and changed. You think you'll be okay?" Megan nodded. "See you later then."

* * * * * * * * * * * *

Megan spotted her group of friends in the back of the auditorium.

"Hey guys, where's Kesha? I really need to pee." She said, swaying her hips back and forth.

"Kesha's out sick today. I feel you babe, I'm pretty desperate myself." Her friend Carly responded.

Yeah, right. You haven't been holding for over 12 hours straight. She thought but corkscrewed her face into what she hoped was a smile. "Okay then, I'll just go sit over there." She smiled, jabbing over her shoulder.

She quickly got over to one of the seats in the back and crossed her legs and buried her hands in her crotch. She could feel herself being turned on by the whole thing. Her clit and bladder pulsed to the same rhythm, the beat of her pounding heart.

Then the concert began, and she was lost in the world of music. She was vaguely aware that she leaked the tiniest amount and she put her hand down in her privates to help her hold.

* * * * * * * * * * * *

When the concert ended, Megan had to remove her hand to clap and gasped. More pee was making its way out of her tortured bladder. She clapped hurriedly and stuffed a hand back into her crotch. It was lunch hour now, so students were free to do what they wanted. She decided to wait here for Bryan. Maybe he could help her hold.

It seemed like an eternity, but he did finish and when he got to her he raised an eyebrow. "What're you up to?"

"I'm bursting. Please…Ah!" She leaked a little more. She threw her hands under her dress so she wouldn't ruin it and looked at Bryan with pleading eyes. "Help… me hold it! I'm going to leak any second!"

Bryan looked uncomfortable to say the least, but he did do what she asked her. Just not the way she expected. Somehow, he slid behind her on the seat so she was between his legs. She could feel his boner poking her in the small of the back. They had sex before, so it wasn't weird, but she did make a mental note to ask him about that. He reached over, and put pressure on her already-clamped hands.

"Move your hands so I can get a better grip." He murmured in her ear. She whimpered but complied. She trusted Bryan to not let her leak. He put the most amazing pressure on her pee hole, rubbing it in circles, keeping it in with pure power.

"Hang on, I have an idea. You're going to have to stand up though." He said.

"NO! If I stand up, I'm going to pee myself!" She exclaimed, horrified at the thought.

"You have to. One…"

"NO! Don't do this!"

"Two…"

"Please Bryan!"

"THREE!"

He stood up, with Megan, spun around her, and sat her down again in the blink of an eye.

"Well that wasn't so bad now was it?" He said with a smirk.

"Okay now what's your idea. It better be good cause you're going to end up with a big pissy mess if you don't."

Before Megan knew what was happening, Bryan pulled her dress up, and pushed the entire heel of his hand into Megan's hot, throbbing, desperate lips. She may have groaned. It felt so good to have so much external pressure on her pee hole.

"Oh… Bryan keep OH!... just… right… YES!" She was reduced to a gibbering mess.

Suddenly… the beginning of the end.

A single spurt made its way out of Megan's aching slit.

"Nonono, Bryan put more pressure!" She told him. He was pushing with his entire body weight, but couldn't stop the inevitable. Another spurt came out. Longer that the last by a second. Then another. And another. Bryan's hand had been joined by Megan's two and all three were trying to contain the flood, but all three were getting wet.

"NNNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" Megan groaned. Her trembling muscles finally gave out and a rush of liquid gold came pouring out of Megan's desperate pussy, soaking their hands, the seat and her panties. She was also suddenly hit by the most massive orgasm of her life.

Bryan tried to minimize the damage by slamming his mouth over the stream and drank every last milliliter. But the damage was done.

Megan tried to recover from what was undeniably the most enjoyable experience ever. Then she remembered something.

"Are you into seeing me desperate?" She asked Bryan. His averted eyes and flushed cheeks told the whole story.

"Um, I guess so. I just thought it was hot that you were so close to wetting yourself. Please don't dump me." What?

"What makes you think that I would dump you?"

"You don't think that it's disgusting?"

"Buddy," Megan began "I was probably just as turned on as you, if not more. Why would I be turned on by something that's disgusting?"

"Fair point."

"Now as your reward for minimizing the damage to the seat and your honesty, I give you this pair of pissed-in panties." She said, slipping it down her legs and handing it to Bryan.

"Are you just going to wear no panties for the rest of the day?"

"Yeah, I like it like that. Much breezier and freer. You should try it sometime."

"You just got to be careful no one takes advantage of it…" Bryan gave her a predatory look full of lust.

"Unless that somebody's you… Do what you want baby." She said, lying back in the auditorium seats, and spreading her legs wide, giving her boyfriend a full memory of her cleanly-shaven pussy.

*002*2017-05-12 16:08

Thanks Wedge.

Do you think I should make more in the Fictional Fantasy series?

*004*2017-05-13 01:55

Hmm...

I'll see what I can do.

