Tinkle Tinkle Little Ed

Author: shortandsweet

*000*2013-06-13 22:55

Yes, folks, I have decided to write another Ed Edd n Eddy fanfic. This idea was trapped in my head for a while, so I figured it was about time I give it some air. This one involves the other cul-de-sac kids, so for all you fans of group desperation…I hope you enjoy this

As always, comments and critiques make my day!

~~

“This is it boys!” Eddy announced with an eager grin. “Those jawbreakers are as good as ours. I can feel it, this is gonna be our greatest scam yet!”

“You always say that, Eddy” Edd remarked, not quite as enthusiastic as his shorter companion.

Ed, meanwhile seemed very impressed. “YAY, JAWBREAKERS FOR ED! Jawbreakers go great with mustard, and mustard goes great with mayonnaise, and mayonnaise goes great with gravy, and gravy goes great with buttered toast and I forgot the plan again Eddy!”

Eddy facepalmed at his not so intelligent friend’s short-term memory. “It’s simple, Ed. Look, see that port-a-potty over there we spent hours assembliyng? Well, tonight we’re gonna sneak into everyone’s house and jam their bathrooms. Then, tomorrow morning they’ll have to go so bad that they’ll have no choice but to use ours right here. For twentyfive cents, of course. Heh heh”

“Eddy, isn’t there any way I can talk you out of this?” Edd said, trying for the billionth time to convince Eddy that this was a bad idea. “I mean, it’s one thing to try and sell fake toys or build a futuristic society, but breaking into people’s homes and depriving them of their facilities is just wrong! And doesn’t it seem a little desperate?”

“Just relax, Double D” Eddy grinned, patting his friend on the back “Their the ones who are gonna be desperate” As soon as he said those words, his playful grin turned into an evil grin.

In reality, there was another reason why Eddy had chosen this particular scam besides the prospect of cold hard cash. Just a week ago, Eddyhad found another one of his brother’s magazines lying around. Only this one was an omorashi feature. In just a brief period of time, Eddy had become consumed and eventually hooked on this peculiar fetish, with no one being the wiser. After browsing through the entire magazine several times, Eddy came up with a great scam to not only guarantee those tasty jawbreakers resting on their tongues, but also to see the omorashi in action. To see Nazz, the hottest girl in the cul-de-sac, bursting for a pis would be a dream come true for Eddy.

“So remember the plan” Eddy said, then giving a particular glance at Ed to make sure he wouldn’t forget. “We meet back here tonight, sneak into everyone’s houses and tomorrow we’ll just sit back and enjoy. Capiche?”

Ed did a salute. “Aye aye, captain!”

Edd sighed. “This will not end well.”

~~

Later, when it was close to midnight and everyone else was asleep, Eddy and Edd stood in the middle of the cul-de-sac waiting for Ed.

“Eddy was it really necessary to wear these costumes?” Edd asked, refering to the burglar outfits they were both sporting. “I already feel enough like a criminal as it is, thank you very much.”

“Duh, that way if we get caught, no one’ll recognize us! Jeez, and I thought you were smart, Double D.”

Edd rolled his eyes. He saw no logic in Eddy’s “identity protection strategy” For one thing, if they got caught, whoever it was that caught them would most likely call the police. Secondly, it would be pretty easy to tell it was them, since Eddy’s three hairs were a dead giveaway.

“Where the hell is Lumpy?” Eddy growled. “He should’ve been here way before now!”

“You know, Eddy, it’s not too late to reconsider. Perhaps we should forget about this irrational scheme and go get the eight hours of sleep we thoroughly need?”

Eddy glared. “No flipping way Jose! We already got this far. We’re sticking to this if it’s the last thing we do!”

Edd sighed. “That’s what I was afraid of.”

Just then, Ed came stumbling out of his house, knocking over some garbage cans and bumping into a tree due to the darkness.

“Ed, what took you so long?” Eddy snapped. “We’ve been waiting forever for you to show up!”

Ed sheepishly grinned. “I am a Tardy Marty! WHEN DO WE GET THE JAWBREAKERS, EDDY?!!” Edd cringed at his friend’s loud volume, and anxiously looked around to see if anyone had noticed anything. Eddy growled and grabbed ahold of Ed’s lips, giving them a tight squeeze.

“Dammit, Ed, do you want to wake everyone up?” Eddy hissed. He let go of Ed’s lips, causing Ed to pout painfully. “Now let’s get a move on, we ain’t got all night!”

So the three “criminals” carefully did exactly what they had planned to do. One by one, they broke into everyone’s houses with the help of a bobby pin Ed had stolen from Sarah’s room. They then managed to jam everyone’s bathrooms with gravy that Ed always kept handy. Just for good measure, they decided to add some glue as well, that way the sticky coating of both of these things would be enough to keep everyone out of their bathrooms for a long time.

After they finished the Eds returned home and climbed into bed, Eddy couldn’t wait until the next morning and fell asleep with a huge smile on his face. Edd was already regretting that he’d gone alone with the scam and couldn’t stop worrying about tomorrow. And Ed just snored himself into oblivion, without a single thought to stroll in his head.

~~

The next day, the Eds made sure to be up nice and early to greet their desperate clients. Eddy was poised beside their homemade port-a-potty, the quarter jar gripped firmly under his arm. He could practically taste the jawbreakers, making him super giddy.

Suddenly, the kids of the cul-de-sac began to course out of their homes, and none of them looked happy. Jonny was hopping from foot to foot and sweating buckets, Rolf muttered foreign phrases under his breathe while pushing a fist to his crotch, Nazz was biting her lip and fidgeting with her shirt, Jimmy was about to cry and had his legs crossed, even Sarah and Kevin looked uncomfortable. A slimy grin formed on Eddy’s lips. “Bingo”

“Hey, what’s the big deal? You dorks messed with our bathroom doors!” Kevin said once the kids were all crowded around the Eds and their port-a-potty. Although he was trying to appear calm about it, the others could hear the strain in his voice and the drops of sweat slithering down his neck.

“Yeah, way uncool dude” Nazz said angrily, although she was having trouble keeping her bursting bladder under control as well.

Eddy shrugged and flashed his signature mischevous smile “We may have “accidentally” blocked your bathroom entrances, but we’ve got the solution right here! DA DA DA DAH!!!” He sang, and gestured to the port-a-potty. He then nudged Edd with his elbow.

Edd sighed. “Come and relieve your needs here at Ed’s Pit Stop, only twentyfive cents” He recited listlessly.

“That’s the dumbest idea you idiots have ever had!” Sarah shouted furiously, but suddenly a cramp attacked her and she doubled over in pain. She felt a stream of urine moisten her pink panties, and her intestines were on fire. She managed to make it to the port-a-potty and shakily opened the door. “I’m telling mom” Was all she managed to croak out (to Ed) before slamming the door shut.

“Hey, she didn’t even pay!” Eddy protested, trying to open the door but forgetting there was a lock on it.

“Oh great, now we’re gonna have to wait even longer!” Nazz moaned, crossing her legs tightly and rocking from side to side. She could barely stand still anymore. Jimmy whimpered, knowing he was about to lose control as well. Naturally, Jimmy had the weakest bladder of the gang, and so far he wasn’t doing a very good job of keeping himself dry.

Rolf’s bladder was much stronger by comparison, but even he was having trouble holding in his morning pee. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d needed the bathroom so badly. Wetting oneself was very strongly condemned in his home country.

Kevin couldn’t be more pissed off (literally) Here he was, at 7:30 in the morning, waiting for a bathroom while trying not to pis himself. He tried to distract himself by thinking reassuring thoughts, like what tuneups he would make on his bike today and how he was going to pound those dorks once this was all over.

Jonny couldn’t stop prancing around the port-a-potty; pestering Sarah to hurry up and whispering to Plank about how desperate he was.

Eddy smiled smugly. He had ‘em right where he wanted ‘em.

~~

Ten minutes later, and Sarah still had not left the john. By then, everyone except the Eds was shamelessly grabbing onto his/her crotch and doing everything they could to prevent leaking, or worse. Eddy couldn’t take his eyes off Nazz, who was doing everything possible to avoid humiliating herself., nearly at wit’s end. It was even hotter then Eddy imagined it would be.

“H-how long has she been in there?” A worried Jimmy asked, in the midst of a pee pee dance.

“Way too long” Jonny said with a trembling voice , he and Rolf bouncing up and down in sheer agitation.

“Do you think Sarah’s okay, guys?” Asked Ed fearfully. “What if she got captured by the evil creature that lives in the sewer!”

“Ed, you know those comic book based fantasies are far from real” Edd explained. “But Sarah has been in there for quite a while. Perhaps I should go check on her and see if she’s okay.”

Meanwhile, Kevin couldn’t take it anymore. Using every muscle in his body in order to hold it all in, he glared at Eddy and spoke. “That’s it. Either you dorks fix our bathrooms right now or I’ll-” He suddenly stopped when he felt a violent spasm and groaned in pain, clutching his abdomen.

Eddy, who was very amused, said innocently, “You’ll what? Hit me with a water balloon?” He grinned, and reached into his shirt.

Edd, who was about to knock on the door to check on Sarah, gasped when he heard Eddy say this. “Eddy, no!” He started running back, but it was too late. Eddy tossed a water balloon at Kevin, which landed on his chest. Unfortunately, Kevin wasn’t as strong as he had hoped. Without any warning, warm clear liquid began to gush down his shorts and legs, spilling into his shoes. Then, the sight of Kevin’s accident almost created a domino effect. Jimmy immediately lost what little control he’d had and soaked the full length of his trousers, creating an irregular shaped puddle on the ground. Jonny started soaking a good portion of his briefs, but managed to cap the flow before it reached his jeans. The Eds mouths dropped open, not believing what had just happened. Jimmy started to cry while Kevin became red faced and speechless.

It was Rolf who broke the awkwardness. “Enough of this foolishness! Rolf shall go relieve himself in the Father of the paper!” Rolf sprinted over to a nearby tree, unzipped his jeans, and sighed loudly in relief as a forceful stream pattered on the bark of the tree.

“Wait up Rolf!” Jonny hurried to the tree while grabbing his crotch, but unfortunately he didn’t make it. The pee rapidly shimmered down his pants, joining the collective puddle under his feet. “Aw, Plank, did you have to mention lemonade?”

Meanwhile, Nazz was about to explode. She had never felt so desperate in her entire life. She couldn’t just use a tree like Rolf did, since she was a girl, but right now she couldn’t see any way out of this. From the looks of it, Sarah wouldn’t be out until the next Caesar’s comet, and witnessing her friends lose control and have accidents, not to mention the stench of urine was only further poking her throbbing bladder with spears. Finally, after the worst cramp she’d ever felt, Nazz decided to just give up; it wasn’t worth it, and at least she wouldn’t be the only one wet.

Besides, she had been needing a new pair of jeans. Nazz breathed out a sigh of relief as she let her floodgates open and a torrent of pee poured through her silky panties and drenched her pants, creating a rather impressive puddle that was golden like her hair. After she was all drained out, Nazz giggled. “That was kinda fun!” For a moment, everyone could only stare in awe at the soaked beauty, Eddy particularly aroused. That was one of the hottest things he’s seen in a while.

Suddenly, the sound of a toilet flushing was heard as Sarah finally exited the port-a-potty. However, she stopped dead in her tracks when she noticed Jonny’s, Kevin’s, Jimmy’s, and Nazz’s dripping clothes and the ginormous puddle that had accumulated around them.

“What the HECK?!” She shrieked, shocked at the scene that lay before her eyes. “I’m in there for two minutes, and you guys pis yourselves?!!!”

Kevin, Nazz and Jimmy just stared at the ground, too embarrassed to say anything, but Jonny stepped over to Sarah with an angry look on his face, Plank simply smiling as usual.

“Hold it right there, sister!” Jonny yelled. “You were in there WAY longer then two minutes. If you hadn’t been holed up in the toilet doing who knows what, none of us would have wet ourselves!”

The other soaked kids started shouting in agreement, Eddy adding in “Yeah, and you forgot to pay!”

Sarah frowned, and folded her arms. “Hey, don’t blame me. It was my idiot brother and his loser friends that jammed all our bathrooms. They’re the ones who caused all this!”

The kids immediately turned to face the Eds, glaring menacingly at them.

“Um, guys? Eddy chuckled nervously. The kids began to walk slowly towards the Eds; the three frightened boys began backing up towards the port-a-potty.

“You dorks are gonna pay big time for this” Kevin growled, rolling up his sleeves.

Edd gulped. “Now, I-I’m sure we can work something out…”

“I am scared, Eddy!” Ed said, his eyes wide open in terror.

Eddy tried to find some way to escape. It was no use. The other kids had them surrounded. They were trapped.

Suddenly, Rolf sauntered up to the group, in a much more cheerful mood. “What did Rolf miss?” He asked, smiling, Everyone ignored Rolf.

“GET THEM!!!” Sarah shouted. The kids swooped for the Eds, grabbing their arms and dragging them to a certain place. Ed started sobbing, Edd tried with his feeble strength to break free, Eddy bit down on Jonny’s hand, but none of this worked.

Finally, the group reached it’s destination. Edd’s face went pale at the realization. “No…no, please, have mercy! I beg of you!”

The only response was an evil chuckle from whoever was pinning him to the tree. “Fellas…” Edd said as he watched Rolf produce a rope. “I think we’ve made a grave mistake!”

“It was worth it!” Cried Eddy, remembering Nazz.

Ed gulped. “I think I have to go to the bathroom.”

The other kids who had cornered the Eds began to approach them. Our three heroes shut their eyes, preparing for the worst.

~~

It’s just past noon. The weather had significantly warmed up, and so the kids are out enjoying the glowing sunshine. The earlier incident had thankfully been mostly forgotten, as the cul-de-sac kids were all laughing and playing about, like any other day.

But alas, this was not the case for three familiar boys, who were currently stuck in a rather awkward predicament.

“Ugh! This sucks!” Eddy growled as he tried once again to break free from the firm and sturdy ropes that kept them secured to the tree, the same tree that Rolf had peed on.

“Oh, the bitter irony” Edd lamented. “Being crushed by those we tried to deceive. You know, Eddy, perhaps if you had bothered to think this one through, we wouldn’t be tied to a tree?!!”

“Oh, shut up Sockhead! This was all your fault. You knew it was a bad scam, why didn’t you talk me out of it?!”

Edd sighed in exasparation. “Of course, blame everything on me. I’m always the culprit, aren’t I?”

“You got that right!!!”

“Um, guys?” Eddy and Edd ceased their quarrelling and turned to look at their friend, who was frowning with worry. “I HAVE TO GO POTTY!!!”

Suddenly, the other two became nervous as well. They didn’t want to admit it, but their bladders were getting pretty full after being stuck there for so long. And the fact that the ropes were incredibly tight and they could see the lawn sprinklers from across the street wasn’t helping at all. Turns out omorashi wasn’t as much fun when you were the one who was about to wet yourself, Eddy had discovered. He could only hope that someone, anyone would realize they had learned their lesson and free them eventually… preferably sometime soon.

Meanwhile, three other familiar faces were peeking through a bush, enjoying the sight of their love interests in distress.

“They’re so precious” May giggled.

“And look how squirmy they are” Marie pointed out.

“Get ready, girls” Lee smirked. “We’re gonna have a lot of fun today!”

The Kanker sisters cackled as they remained hidden in the bush. It was going to be a very interesting afternoon…

*002*2013-06-14 02:03

{{Pretty good, you really captured the feel of the show. Would you consider writing a fanfic for other Cartoon Network shows like Dexter's Lab or Powerpuff Girls?

}}

Thanks, glad you liked it

And I haven't watched those shows for a really long time, so I don't remember too much about them. I'll think about it, though!

