Policewoman Omorashi

Author: SpectorIncognito250

*000*2012-10-12 09:04

It was a half hour past seven on the night of Halloween. Usually at this time, we would see little kids walking around going trick-or-treating, as well as the usual Halloween pranksters. Not this night. The kids would rather go to a haunted house, because lately, things have been getting out of hand to where no one wants to go trick-or-treating anymore; their parents simply kept them inside.

Because of the rising situation, most of the police force was left on constant patrol. Some cruised around the streets. Some "camped" in different spots, and being in a city inside the woods, good hiding spots were easy to find. All they had to do was simply turn off their cars when they park. Not all was well, though. It was very dark with no lights, it was thirty-one degrees (Fahrenheit) outside, and, in most cases, there were nocturnal animals running around searching for food. Adding to the mix, some of the roads were still frozen from last night's sudden rainstorm, which, by the way, made it much more difficult to navigate in the event of an emergency.

Valerie Endra was one of those officers on patrol during this time. She had recently stopped at a gas station for a snack, but after she had left, she started to feel that the car getting cold. She knew that the heater was set to full blast. And the engine's temperature was centered in the middle. She reached her hand to turn up the head when all of a sudden the car started to slip. Then it started to spin!

"Crap!" she shouted as she struggled to regain control of the sliding car, just as she heard her tires burst. At that moment, she drove the car into the woods and turned on the hazard signal. She immediately reached for a radio, only to realize that she had left it at the station by mistake. Even worse, she was 20 miles away from any town, and her cellphone battery had died. She wanted to wander around to see if anyone was nearby, but it was so dark that a flashlight alone wouldn't do any good. All she could do was get back into the car and honk the horn. The only noises she could hear from miles away were raccoons running away from the noise.

Hours had passed by, and no one came to help. The temperature was dropping, and it was getting more quiet my the minute. Endra had thought she was already in hell. Well, to tell the truth-- it was just starting, because all of a sudden, the car had burned its last drop of fuel, causing it to shut down. Things seemed to only get worse by the minute, because Endra had began to get the most unexpected feeling going down her bladder. Desperate, she quickly pressed one hand between her legs, but kept her other hand near her gun. It would be a disgrace to her to wet herself in a police cruiser (which no doubt was a Crown Victoria), especially since she had nothing to change into. Then again, there was no way she could just go in plain view, even though she has been picking up some knowledge on how to pee standing up. All she needed to do, though, was just relieve herself of this pressure.

"Where's a bathroom when you need one?!" Endra groaned as she desperately hold onto her hot liquids, ensuring that they don't spray into her uniform pants. She squirmed around hoping that she would ease the pain in her bladder. She even unbuckled her belt and unfastened her pants to help ease the pain. After a while of holding, the pain had slowly started to ease. But the pressure didn't. She ended up releasing a few drops into her panties, slightly wetting them. Feeling it, she immediately jumped out the car and ran further into the woods, but as soon as she started to slow down, she ended up releasing another tinkle into her panties, soaking them to where a darkened spot could be seen on her crotch. It was no use trying to hold on any longer.

She took her hand and shoved it in her panties pressing directly onto her urethra. She tried her hardest to pull her pants and panties down, but it was far too late. Right when the pants hit the ground, her bladder had suddenly erupted like a geyser. She ended up releasing her liquids into her panties that dripped down her legs right into her uniform pants before finally making a puddle underneath her. Although she felt ashamed for wetting herself at twenty-five years old, she felt good after finally releasing herself and warming her legs that were just at the verge of freezing. She rubbed her panties gently, but felt aroused enough to rub it a bit more. At that very moment, an officer, who was just passing by, had seen Endra's flashing lights and came to help--only to get himself distracted by the hot scene she was making.

*002*2012-10-12 17:08

{{:

Haha, nice. I had a Crown Vic once...

}}

The Crown Vic is the car of choice for most cops, probably 'cause of their V-8 engines. lol

Now that you mention it, though, I'm planning on gettin' a navy blue one in the summer.

