Strong leg but a weak bladder

Author: Peepants31

*000*2021-10-27 05:40

Spoiler

Hi all first story (part 1) thinking about making Jenna and her teammates recurring characters please let me know what you think! Comments and criticism welcome!

If you looked at Jenna you’d see nothing out of the ordinary for a 17 soon to be 18 year old high school junior. At 5’5 with perky B cups and a slender body she wasn’t a model but she was pretty. However there was one unique thing about Jenna she played for North West High’s football team. Well as a kicker some would dispute that, Jenna didn’t care. She loved the feeling of running onto the field to kick a field goal or an extra point knowing that all the pressure was on her to perform and more often that not she did. However right now Jenna was feeling a very different type of pressure.

Jenna had never been one to manage her time well. Despite knowing that the team bus would leave just an hour after school ended. She spent 20 minutes talking with her friend Kate. Then absolutely had to stop at the Starbucks Drive Through as she hadn’t slept well the night before and needed the energy boost only a large iced coffee would provide. After a long wait at the drive through line Jenna realized that she had just 15 minutes till she was due at the bus. Jenna sprinted into her house and grabbed her athletic bag where her pads and uniform were. Jumped right into her car and sped to school.

Jenna rushed into the girls locker room for a brief moment of solitude. Obviously being the only girl on the team she changed alone. Many would suspect to shield her from the prying eyes of the boys. However if Jenna was honest she wouldn’t exactly look away as some of her more attractive teammates changed either.

Jenna yanked up her blue uniform pants and burst onto the bus. Taking her usual place at the back in the only area that had seats meant for one person. She didn’t have many friends on the team. After a brief pep talk from the coach the bus began their one hour journey to Washington High. However after just ten minutes Jenna cursed herself as she felt a twinge in her bladder, she hadn’t left enough time to pee.

Twenty minutes later the bus ground to a halt, despite the hopes of her filling bladder Jenna knew that there was no way they had arrived at Washington. She looked up from her game of candy crush and peered out the bus window. All she saw was stopped cars and brake lights for miles ahead.

40 minutes later and the bus had barely moved. They were supposed to be at Washington by now and Jenna was supposed to be running into a girls room before kick off. Jenna had her legs tightly crossed and was squirming ever so slightly in her seat. Jenna prayed no one would hear the sound of her pants rubbing against the seat as she moved back and forth.

Jenna began to day dream remembering the last time she sat upon a porcelain throne. She had a taken a bathroom break during her 5th period English class. But that was three hours and a large Starbucks coffee ago. Jenna’s daydream was broken by a strange sound was someone filling their water bottle? On the bus impossible! It didn’t take her long to locate the source of the sound just two rows ahead of her. Mark the teams star safety had the top of his water bottle open. Jenna realized mark was filling his water bottle he was peeing!

Jenna quickly looked away but the damage had been done. Her brain and bladder had seen what she could not have . She slammed her legs shut and plunged a hand into her girlhood. Jenna yearned to follow marks example. While some girls couldn’t dream of peeing into a bottle. Jenna knew the top of her water bottle was wide enough.While she was stuck in traffic, Jenna had used an empty Gatorade bottle instead of peeing all over her mother’s leather seat. Anything a boy could do a girl could do too! However modesty prevented Jenna from dropping her pants in front of her teammates. She had to hold.

Spoiler

Spoiler

*001*2021-10-27 13:35

Hi all I realized I screwed up posting this the first time! Here’s the full story please leave comments or criticism. If you like this character I may make a sequel! Thanks!

If you looked at Jenna you’d see nothing out of the ordinary for a 17 soon to be 18 year old high school junior. At 5’5 with perky B cups and a slender body she wasn’t a model but she was pretty. However there was one unique thing about Jenna she played for North West High’s football team. Well as a kicker some would dispute that, Jenna didn’t care. She loved the feeling of running onto the field to kick a field goal or an extra point knowing that all the pressure was on her to perform and more often that not she did. However right now Jenna was feeling a very different type of pressure.

Jenna had never been one to manage her time well. Despite knowing that the team bus would leave just an hour after school ended. She spent 20 minutes talking with her friend Kate. Then absolutely had to stop at the Starbucks Drive Through as she hadn’t slept well the night before and needed the energy boost only a large iced coffee would provide. After a long wait at the drive through line Jenna realized that she had just 15 minutes till she was due at the bus. Jenna sprinted into her house and grabbed her athletic bag where her pads and uniform were. Jumped right into her car and sped to school.

Jenna rushed into the girls locker room for a brief moment of solitude. Obviously being the only girl on the team she changed alone. Many would suspect to shield her from the prying eyes of the boys. However if Jenna was honest she wouldn’t exactly look away as some of her more attractive teammates changed either.

Jenna yanked up her blue uniform pants and burst onto the bus. Taking her usual place at the back in the only area that had seats meant for one person. She didn’t have many friends on the team. After a brief pep talk from the coach the bus began their one hour journey to Washington High. However after just ten minutes Jenna cursed herself as she felt a twinge in her bladder, she hadn’t left enough time to pee.

Twenty minutes later the bus ground to a halt, despite the hopes of her filling bladder Jenna knew that there was no way they had arrived at Washington. She looked up from her game of candy crush and peered out the bus window. All she saw was stopped cars and brake lights for miles ahead.

40 minutes later and the bus had barely moved. They were supposed to be at Washington by now and Jenna was supposed to be running into a girls room before kick off. Jenna had her legs tightly crossed and was squirming ever so slightly in her seat. Jenna prayed no one would hear the sound of her pants rubbing against the seat as she moved back and forth.

Jenna began to day dream remembering the last time she sat upon a porcelain throne. She had a taken a bathroom break during her 5th period English class. But that was three hours and a large Starbucks coffee ago. Jenna’s daydream was broken by a strange sound was someone filling their water bottle? On the bus impossible! It didn’t take her long to locate the source of the sound just two rows ahead of her. Mark the teams star safety had the top of his water bottle open. Jenna realized mark was filling his water bottle he was peeing into it!

Jenna quickly looked away but the damage had been done. Her brain and bladder had seen what she could not have . She slammed her legs shut and plunged a hand into her girlhood. Jenna yearned to follow marks example. While some girls couldn’t dream of peeing into a bottle. Jenna knew the top of her water bottle was wide enough.While she was stuck in traffic, Jenna had used an empty Gatorade bottle instead of peeing all over her mother’s leather seat. Anything a boy could do a girl could do too! However modesty prevented Jenna from dropping her pants in front of her teammates. She had to hold.

The bus finally began to move forward at full speed. Jenna quickly GPSd her way to Washington High. 33 minutes! Her heart sunk and her bladder throbbed. Jenna’s bladder was protruding from its normal position pushing directly against her tight blue uniform pants. Jenna began to squirm more noticeably never remaining still for more than a few seconds. Her legs began to scissor as her face turned white. This was an emergency!

Then it happened the bus hit a sizable bump in the road. The sudden change in momentum was not good for Jenna. She yelped as her bladder rebelled. Then she a spurt of pee forced its way passed her defenses and forced its way out of her settling against her black cotton panties.

Jenna hadn’t wet herself in years! Not since she had too much soda at Disney Land and soaked the sheets in the night. Jenna would take her parents anger and disappointment over their 11 year old wetting the bed rather than her entire bus of male teammates knowing that at 17 her bladder was giving out.

Her hand were shoved into her crotch to re enforce her tired muscles. But this strategy merely delayed the enviable. She looked down at her phone and tears began to well in her eyes. 13 minutes till they got to Washington high. This was hopeless.

Two minutes later despite her best efforts it happened. Jenna began to pee. At first it was a small leak then the flood gates opened. Pee poured out of her. Darkening her uniform pants. All Jenna felt in that moment was pure bliss and relief. When her stream slowed the reality hit her. She had wet her pants. Her face blushed red she looked around at her teammates to make sure none of them had witnessed her voiding her bladder all over the seat. While none seemed to have caught her in the act her uniform revealed the truth. It was almost an entirely different color. The moment anyone looked at her they could tell what had happened. Jenna knew that her teammates would never let her live this down. She had always wanted to be one of the guys but she never felt more like a little girl.

Then it happened it began to rain heavily Rain drops pelted the bus as if they were bullets. As the bus finally pulled into Washington High it began to look like a monsoon. The coach urged his team to rush into the field. They would play the game. Jenna waited until she was the last one on the bus then followed behind her teammates the heavy rain pelting her. As she ran onto Washington High’s grass field . She saw her opportunity. She planted her leg as if she was attempting a kick then fell. Landing in a huge pile of mud. Hearing her fall two of her teammates rushed to pick her up but the damage had been done. She was covered in mud. She assured them she was alright she just slipped. Jack the team linebacker remarked jeez Jenna it looks like you shit your pants. Jenna smiled if he only knew.

Epilogue: The game was a defensive slug fest with just twelve seconds left tied at 6 the quarterback spiked the ball. The coach called for Jenna and the field goal unit. For the second time today all the pressure in the world was on Jenna. But unlike the first time she didn’t give in her 30 yard kick spilt the uprights. Her team won 9-6. She got the game ball, many high fives and even an invite to a team bonding event at Carl’s house. Before she went back to the bus Jenna made sure to pay a visit to the girls room.

*003*2021-10-28 08:04

The next weekend, Jenna made the trip to Carl’s house. She was super excited. Not only was it her first chance to socially bond with her teammates but it would also be her first time drinking alcohol! Carl’s parents were out of town and his older brother had bought him three thirty packs of beer to share amongst his teammates. Jenna had told her parents that she was going to sleep over at Kates house. Which wasn’t a total lie. Jenna had arranged to sleep over that night but she omitted that the football party at Carl’s before hand.

As Jenna prepared to leave she pulled up her ripped light denim jeans over her sky blue panties. As Jenna looked down at her phone she read off a text from Kate wishing her luck tonight and also imploring Jenna that if she had the chance to talk her up to mark. Kate had a huge crush on the safety!

Jenna was the last to arrive at Carl’s. Her teammates greeted her with an enthusiastic hello and an offer to a beer. Jenna cracked open her first one. Kate had warned her she wouldn’t like the taste but much to Jenna’s surprise beer wasn’t all that bad.

She quickly downed her first drink and joined the conversation about the Alabama football team proving her knowledge of the game to a room full of surprised boys.

As the night progressed everyone began to drink more and the conversation turned more lively. After her third beer Jenna’s bladder panged and she took her leave for the bathroom. Once in the bathroom she peed with surprising intensity. As she opened the door she saw two of her teammates. Jenna couldn’t help but blush knowing that her teammates had heard her pee through the thin bathroom walls.

Jenna returned to the basement and cracked open another beer.

Just 45 minutes later Jenna realized she had to pee again. That couldn’t be right! She had just went! However the feeling of pressure against the walls of her bladder was unmistakable. Begrudgingly she trudged back to the bathroom but when she tried the knob it was locked! Over the next few minutes Jenna’s urge grew with surprising intensity. She stared into Carl’s backyard wondering if she could simply pee outside under the cover of darkness.

Just as Jenna made a move for the back door. The bathroom door opened. Out came Mark! Now was Jenna’s chance to ask about Kate. Over the objections of her bladder. Jenna asked Mark if he had any feelings for her friend. Mark much to Jennas happiness, mark said he thought Kate was cute. Jenna gave Mark her number and told him to text her. Mark gave her a hug and thanked her for setting him up. Once Mark disappeared from sight Jenna rushed into the bathroom sighing in relief as she peed.

Throughout the rest of the night Jenna had to visit the bathroom at least once an hour. But the time she spent out of the bathroom, she spent bonding with her teammates. Playing beer pong, darts and even joining a discussion about the best porn stars with her male teammates.

By the time 2 am rolled around most of her teammates had left. Leaving Jenna, Jake, the star wide receiver, and Carl who was slumped over on the couch. Jake said “Jenna don’t you live on the other side of town, shouldn’t you have found a ride” Jenna explained she was staying at Kate’s who lived a short distance away. Jake replied “Kate she lives up the road from me do you want to walk together” Jenna enthusiastically replied “of course” and the two teens stumbled into the night.

Jenna had never really noticed how handsome Jake was his jet black hair, olive skin and extremely toned and muscular body. During their walk the two became fast friends laughing and chatting like they’d known each other for years. In his drunkenness Jake tripped over a curb and fell to the ground. Jenna offered a hand to help him up much to her surprise Jake pulled her down too. She landed right on top of him! Looking into Jake’s baby blue eyes, Jenna took the biggest risk she’d ever taken before she kissed Jake! Jake embraced his teammate grabbing her firm butt as the two made out.

For the next several minutes the two teens couldn’t keep their hands off of each other. It took every once of their will power to remain fully clothed but eventually the two continued their walk. Jake turned to Jenna and suddenly said Sleep over! Jenna dare not refuse her attractive teammate and the two crept into Jake’s room where they lay side by side on his queen bed snuggling. A half hour passed Jenna realized two things 1. This was the best night of her life. 2. She had to pee. She turned to Jake to ask where the bathroom was but the receiver was sound asleep. Jenna decided that she could wait till the morning and let her eyes close.

Three hours pass the clock on Jake’s night side table flashes 5:48 AM. Jenna remains asleep dreaming. In her dream Jenna was not in her teammates bedroom but at home. She walked down the hallway and opened the door to her bathroom. She sat on her toilet and peed. Back in Jake’s bedroom pee rushed out of the sleeping teen’s urethra. First soaking her panties then pouring into her jeans spreading from her crotch down her legs all over her butt. Before spilling onto Jake’s crimson sheets pooling underneath Jenna.

Jake awoke slowly awoke his head was pounding and his stomach turned over. He looked over at Jenna and smiled. As he lifted his arm Jake felt something… wet. He threw off his covers to discover Jenna in soaked pants and sleeping in a puddle of her own making.

Jake slowly awoke Jenna. She immediately knew something was very wrong and it didn’t take her long to make the same discovery Jake did. She began to sob in between sobs Jenna chocked out an apology saying how embarrassed she was. How this has never happened before and promising she’s buy him new sheets. Jake’s heart panged for the humiliated girl and he did the only thing that made sense to him. He kissed Jenna!

