A trip to Springhill Town (First Story)

Author: Guest Eli

*000*2014-02-19 20:01

All characters and events in this story are made up. Keep in mind the country where the story takes place is also fictional.

"Bang"

A bird fell to the earth.

"Bang"

"Bang"

Two more birds fell down.

A dog rushes forward, in the direction the birds supposedly fell. A person stands up right from where the dog had been and follows the dog excitingly.

"Did you find them boy" the person asked joyfully. She picked up the ducks and put them in a leather bag she had with her.

Elizabeth was a 19 year old blonde with blue eyes and a really nice, slim body figure. She went every Saturday morning to go Duck-Hunting in her father's land.

Her father, Edgar Harrington was a rich farmer who had one of the biggest farmlands in the country. There were quite a few good places to hunt on his farmland, and Elizabeth did not hesitate to make use of those spots. When she had finished hunting she always went to town and gave her score to her friends and their families, and if there were any remaining, she sold them for little.

She came home to the farm house at 7 am, opened the fridge, only to see that they were out of milk and eggs.

"The eggs and bacon have to wait then, I guess" She thought to herself. She changed into cowboy pants, a red checkered shirt and boots, stepped outside and headed towards the barn.

When she was there, she grabbed a bucket and went behind one of the cows, and milked her 'till the bucket was full. She stood up and carried the bucket to a small room full of buckets on her left and glass bottles on her right. She grabbed a few glass bottles and filled them with milk until the bucket was empty. She then put all the bottles into a small box and carried them back to the house. She opened one of the bottles and drank it down to the last drop.

But she was not nearly done yet. She had yet to get the eggs from the Hen House. She quickly rushed there, eager to start preparing her breakfast, and got the eggs safely in no time.

Finally she could focus on her breakfast. When back at the farmhouse she started to fry some eggs and bacon. It was perfect, as always.

She sat down at the kitchen table and opened a milk bottle to drink with her meal. She was really thirsty, like every Saturday morning after a successful hunt.

After consuming 2 poached eggs, tons of bacon and two milk bottles it was time to go to town. She grabbed the car keys and went on the old pickup truck they had had since before she was even born.

On her way to town she started feeling a small familiar urge in her body, the need to use the bathroom. She figured she could go at one of her friend's house, it was only thirty minute drive to Springhill town. After 10 minutes she noticed how she was starting to need to use the loo more and more. She finally arrived in town, but with a extreme need to pee.

She pulled over at her friend Karin's house. She stepped out of her old pickup and walked towards Karin's house.

"Knock"

"Knock"

No answer

She knocked again, still no answer.

"Ding-Dong"

Finally someone came to the door. It was Karin's little brother Benjamin, called Benny, who answered the door.

"Is Karin there?" Elizabeth asked.

"Kariiiiin, Liz is asking for you" Benny yelled.

A minute passed until Karin finally came to the door. Karin was a brunette with brown eyes and a hot athletic body figure. She loves all kinds of sports and is pretty open-minded about anything. Despite her looks her family is really poor, they can barely afford a roof over their head after her father passed away. He had died in a accident at sea, apparently a huge storm sank the ship. Her mother was never the same after it, and recently turned really sick.

"Hi there Liz. Sorry, I was just doing the dishes, please come inside while I finish it up"

Liz (Elizabeth) stepped inside, but instead of asking for the bathroom, the first thing she did was ask if she could help Karin with the dishes.

"Of course!" Karin responded, obviously glad to have some help. That's why Liz loved helping others, to see their happiness and gratefulness by merely looking at their faces.

The constant flow of water coming from the sink did nothing but worsen Liz's state of desperation to use the bathroom. She was having a hard time standing still, she was crossing her legs, switching between her left foot and her right foot. When Karin wasn't looking, Liz put her hand in her crotch trying to hold it in. Then suddenly the knife she was wiping fell from her hand to the floor. She silently cursed as she bent down to get it. She grabbed the knife but when she was standing up, something terrifying happened. A little spurt found it's way into her blue-white striped panties. She quickly regained control of her bladder, but she could feel the wet spot in her panties.

"On the bright side, it eased the pain a bit" she thought to herself, although shocked that she actually peed her panties. She hadn't done that since she was 16, but that was the last time she wet her bed after her mother passed away. Her mother had died from an unknown disease, not even the best doctors you can find could figure out what was wrong. At that time Liz was 14. When her mother took her last breath, Liz went to a mental breakdown, started wetting her bed again, got depressed, went to tons of psychologists and at the age of sixteen she was back on her track.

She was still pretty desperate, but on the other hand, they had finally finished washing everything up. Liz then asked Karin if she could use her bathroom, if possible.

"I'm sorry" Karin said "It's being repaired, it was clogged or something, not really sure. I've been waiting to go for three hours now, Billy from next door sure is taking his sweet time fixing it, after all he ain't no plumber, but we can't possibly afford one. I'm getting pretty desperate here. At times like these I really envy my little sister, she can go whenever she wants, and it's just taken for granted, her diaper is changed and all is good"

"Well, she's two years old Karin" Liz responded.

"I know, I just, wonder what it would be like, to go in your pants without needing to worry about it being visible"

"Stop this nonsense! Come with me, we'll go to my boyfriend Nathan's house, I need to get my coat that I left at his place last time I was there anyway"

They rushed to the old pickup, but when Liz attempted to start the car, nothing happened.

"Oh, come on, not now!" Liz shouted. She tried again, and after two minutes of constant trying to start the engine, it finally started growling.

Liz drove as fast as she could, trying her best to not pee her pants. Nathan lived 15 minutes away from Karin's house. After 5 minutes Liz was fidgeting in her seat. She looked at Karin, and for the first time realized what a terrible state her best friend was in. She was squirming in her seat, holding both hands in her crotch, almost in tears, moaning and groaning. Then suddenly she said really silently "I don't think I'm going to make it"

Liz tried to encourage her friend "Come on, you can do it, there's only 5 minutes to go!"

"Still....I think I..." Liz had been so busy comforting her friend she didn't pay attention to the road and went over a speed bump way to fast.

"OH NO!" Karin yelled "A little got out, I really won't make it, will I?" She started sobbing, and tears started falling down her cheeks. She was wearing her only pair of denim shorts along with pretty worn black pantyhose, and a black tank-top, and of course, cute light-pink hipster panties.

They had finally arrived at Nathan's house, although you could barely call it a house, it was more like a mansion. Liz quickly killed the car engine and rushed out of the old pickup. She sighed, relieved that nothing leaked out when she stood up. Karin, on the other hand, was not as fortunate. When she attempted to stand up, she felt a slow loss of control. She sat back down, trying to regain control, but it was too late. A wet spot started to form on her blue denim shorts, and she quickly stood up to not wet the car seat too much. She stood there, peeing herself for about a minute. A few seconds passed, but when she realized what she had done she burst into tears, and Liz, already really desperate with a wet spot in her panties, rushed to Karin to try and help her. Liz told her to just sit down and wait in the car, that way Nathan wouldn't have to see her like that. After that Liz hurried towards Nathan's house.

Liz knocked impatiently on the door, while trying to keep her cool. Soon Nathan answered the door.

"Hey Lizzy" he said and gave her a hug. She hugged back and he gave her a kiss. "So, what you here for? You know I'm busy today"

"I just forgot my coat here last time" she said

"Ah! that's right, step inside, I'll get it for you, I put in on a place where I knew it wouldn't get lost"

The moment he was out of sight, Liz threw her hands between her crotch and pushed. "I can't lose it now, I'm so close, I just need to ask him when he gets back" she thought, while standing there squirming and fidgeting, kind of dancing around. She could feel a few drops escaping into her panties.

She then heard his footsteps, he was coming back. She quickly calmed herself and managed to stand normally, looking like nothing was wrong. He came into the room holding her coat.

"Here you go" he said. "And try to hold onto it better in the future" he said.

"Thanks baby, but hey, could I...maybe...go to the..." she stopped. She felt it. Pee started flowing into her panties, quickly soaking them "NO! NO! NO!" she shouted. Soon the crotch of her light-blue cowboy jeans started to darken. The patch on her pants got bigger, and the pee flowed down her thighs until they were really soaked. Her face turned red. She was so embarrassed. What would he think? Her eyes filled with tears as she looked up at him. There he was, standing, in awe of what he had witnessed. He had never seen anything like it, but for some reason, it turned him on.

"DON'T LOOK AT ME!" She shouted "You'll only feel disgust!"

He grabbed her and gave her a hug. "Of course I don't feel disgusted by you. In fact, you look kinda cute like this" he said.

"You're just saying that"

"No I'm not" he said, and put his hand in her crotch and rubbed it. "Come, let's get you cleaned up. You go take a shower, There are some clothes of you here somewhere, you keep stealing mine and leave yours behind"

Liz took a quick shower, still ashamed of what she had done. "Did he really think it was hot?" she thought to herself.

She got dressed, kissed Nathan goodbye and thanked him dearly for being so understanding and supporting.

When she got back to the car she noticed Karin. "Shit, I totally forgot about her" she thought.

"We're going to my place" Liz said when she entered the car.

"What took you so long? And why are you in different clothes?" Karin asked. Liz didn't answer, but looked at Karin, then looked down at her wet shorts. Finally she said "Hey, we all have accidents sometimes, don't we?" Karin then realized what had happened.

They quickly drove all the way back to the farm, and Liz loaned Karin some spare clothes.

Liz later gave Karin all the ducks she had shot down that morning and told her to keep them all, she'd need them.

When the sun was setting, Liz gave Karin a ride back to her home in Springhill town.

Someday this adventure would be a fun story to remember and laugh about, they thought to themselves.

That's all! Hope you enjoyed!

Feel free to criticize my story, tell me what you thought and what you felt was missing. I am open to suggestions and I don't get offended by criticism!

Would you like me to make more stories?

Keep in mind I am no expert in English, as it is not my first language, most of it I have learned from TV

- Eli

*002*2014-02-19 22:29

{{: 

Your English sounds pretty good to me, anyways great story.

}}

Thanks, I appreciate it :D

*005*2014-02-20 18:11

{{: 

I always love when striped panties are used in wetting there's just something so nice about them. Great story and keep up the good work.

}}

Agreed, which is why I put them in there, I am fond of them too.

Thanks, I will start working on another one soon :D

