District Finals

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2014-12-07 08:30

Hi, all! I've had the idea for this story rolling around in my mind for awhile, so I finally decided to create an account and post it. I tend to ramble, so I broke it into 3 chapters. Enjoy!

Chapter 1

Garrett jogged into the locker room with the rest of his team at halftime, sweaty but exhilarated. Halfway through the district championship, his high school soccer team was playing well, holding their cross-town rivals, the top-scoring team in the league, to a 0-0 tie. Garrett ripped off his goalie gloves and grabbed his water bottle, straddling a bench to listen to Coach’s midgame adjustments.

Garrett jiggled his right knee restlessly. He was pleased with his own performance in goal and eager to get back on the field for the second half. As a sophomore, he knew some of his teammates had questioned the young Coach’s pre-season decision to name Garrett the starting goalie, but he had worked hard to prove his worth. Their current position in the district finals was, in no small part, thanks to his disciplined, intuitive goalkeeping. At 6 feet tall and broad-shouldered, Garrett looked older than his 16 years, intimidating opposing strikers with his intense gaze and long-armed reach protecting the goal. Of course, players for the Adams High Raiders weren’t easily intimidated, Garrett thought as he watched Coach draw some suggested plays on the whiteboard. They’d been aggressive all night, and Garrett had made a couple of very close saves.

Garrett mindlessly drained the rest of his water bottle. The early November weather wasn’t overly warm, but Garrett didn’t get a lot of breaks in goal and wanted to stay hydrated. He’d consumed water throughout the day, gulping down two whole water bottles during warmups. As Coach was concluding his halftime pep talk, Garrett noticed a twinge in his own bladder. It wasn’t anything that would bother him normally, but he wanted to be completely undistracted for the second half.

As the team stood to return to the field, bouncing with confidence, Garrett jogged toward Coach to ask to use the restroom.

“Coach Carden…” he started.

“Garrett!” Coach interrupted. “I want you to do a few more stretches with the trainer before halftime ends. You hit the ground hard on that last save, so I want to make sure you’re nice and loose for the rest of the game.”

“Sure, but…” Garrett felt slightly flustered. He hadn’t thought his need was too urgent, but his stomach clenched at the thought of having to wait until after the game to relieve himself.

“No buts!” Coach barked. “Get out there!”

“Yes, sir,” Garrett mumbled, jogging out after his teammates.

Coach JJ Carden liked Garrett. The kid’s family had more money than God, but Garrett never acted arrogant or entitled. He kept his head down and worked hard, earning every minute of his starting spot in goal. JJ was often stunned at how fearlessly Garrett threw himself after opponent’s shots on goal. JJ also happened to be dating Garrett’s older sister, Abby, a 3rd-year med student at the local university. Luckily, Garrett’s preternatural athleticism erased any thoughts of nepotism from the team’s collective mind. Garrett would’ve been the starting goalie regardless of whom his sister dated.

At the end of halftime, Garrett took his place in the goal, widening his stance and swaying back and forth slightly, hands loose by his thighs. He was aware of the mild discomfort from his bladder, but knew that he could make it through the second half.

And make it, he did. Garrett was phenomenal, flying around the goal, not letting a single shot by. Unfortunately, his teammates were not as effective on offense. At the end of regulation, the score remained 0-0, and Garrett squirmed a bit as he jogged to the bench to prepare for overtime.

Abby watched nervously from the stands. At 26, she was 10 years older than her baby brother and still tended to think of him that way. Though Garrett had long since outgrown her, Abby still felt protective, wanting to shield him from any pain or harm. She knew Garrett was an outstanding goalie; she also knew that goalies, like pitchers in baseball or placekickers in football, were easy scapegoats in a close loss. She could handle watching her boyfriend coach in the district finals, but watching her younger brother literally stand between his team and the end of their season was considerably more nerve-wracking.

As Garrett joined his team on their sideline, Abby noticed his thighs briefly press together. Most people probably wouldn’t have noticed, but Abby was painfully aware of her brother’s somewhat tenuous history with continence.

###

As a child, Garrett had the unfortunate combination of a small bladder and an intense lack of distractability when playing, which led to several accidents around their house. Abby and their parents were never frustrated, though, and Garrett’s naturally pleasant disposition prevented him from allowing his wettings to bother him...until he got to school. While accidents were common enough for students in preschool and kindergarten, Garrett quickly learned that first graders were expected to keep their pants dry.

Early in the school year, Garrett felt familiar wetness down his legs as he sat through a math lesson. Only this time, instead of simply being dismissed by the teacher to change his clothes, Garrett found himself surrounded by classmates laughing and pointing at him, deriding him for his “babyish” behavior. Garrett’s face flamed and tears ran down his cheeks. He hadn’t thought that having accidents was a big deal, but apparently, he was wrong. He was an infant, he was stupid, he wasn’t a big boy. He knew, even at age 6, that he could never pee his pants in front of his friends again.

From that day on, Garrett was exceedingly careful with his bathroom habits in public. Even at camp or on field trips, Garrett would use the restroom at every opportunity. When he was forced to go more than a couple of hours without a break, he became anxious and twitchy. Though he never came close to wetting himself, the worry was always in the back of him mind.

Nighttime was a different issue entirely. The anxiety of his first-grade accident translated into several bedwettings per week. Each time, Garrett would wake up in tears, gasping out apologies as Abby or his parents would change his sheets, whispering words of comfort - it wasn’t his fault, it can happen to anyone, shhh, Garrett, don’t worry, buddy. It’s fine. Still, Garrett wet the bed consistently until age 10, with sporadic nighttime accidents that stopped only when he reached high school.

###

Knowing about Garrett’s history of bedwetting and uneasy desire to avoid desperation, Abby tensed seeing him stand next to Coach. She knew that Garrett was probably already uncomfortable with the fullness of his bladder, and she could only hope that the game ended after only one overtime period.

Garrett, slowly shifting his weight back and forth on the sideline, hoped the same thing.

Chapter 2

Garrett sprinted back to the goal for the start of overtime. He had 10 minutes to protect his goal while his teammates tried to score. Tournament rules didn’t allow for sudden-death goals; you played the whole 10 minutes. If the scored remained tied, you played another 10 mintues. If there still wasn’t a winner, each team chose 5 players for penalty kicks. Garrett, clenching his pelvic muscles, hoped it wouldn’t come to that.

The whistle blew and Garrett’s focus was entirely on the game, forgetting about his still-filling bladder. Coach had drawn up an aggressive offensive scheme, and his players kept the ball across midfield. Just past the 6 minute mark, however, a Raider forced the ball away from Joey, the senior captain, and dribbled toward Garrett.

Garrett wiggled his splayed fingers, his eyes never leaving his opponent. Of course it was Olly O’Leary, the All-State senior from Adams. Olly was a breathtakingly talented player, already committed to Stanford. With defenders closing in, Olly feinted left and kicked right, sending the ball flying to Garrett’s left, just above the ground. Garrett launched sideways, his long arms outstretched. Fully extended, Garrett punched the ball forward, sending it soaring out of bounds before he hit the ground. The home crowd roared with approval, and Garrett lept back to his feet, shaking with adrenaline.

As the ref set up the throw-in, Garrett positioned himself back in the center of the goal. He tried to focus on the game, but he was all too aware of the few drops of urine that had escaped during that last save. The clock kept ticking, and Garrett clenched every muscle in the lower half of his body, praying his teammates would find a way to score.

The final 3 minutes of overtime passed, though, and the score remained tied. Faced with yet another 10 minute period between him and a toilet, Garrett bit his lower lip to keep it from trembling. It would be fine, he thought. Just because he never let himself hold it this long didn’t mean he couldn’t, right?

In the stands, Abby groaned as the whistle blew to indicate the end of the first overtime. She knew Garrett must feel awful by now and couldn’t help but notice how stiffly he jogged back to the sideline for another round of Coach’s advice. She hoped that anyone else watching him would attribute his bouncing and swaying to nerves, not an increasing desire to pee.

For the third time that evening, Garrett ran back to his spot in goal. This time, though, he kept his legs close together, shifting his hips left to right, trying to maintain a casual-looking hold on his bladder. Yet when the period started, he was right back in his stance, coiled and ready for whatever came his way.

This time, the Raiders were the aggressive ones, pushing to ball toward to goal box, keeping Garrett’s teammates back in a frantic defensive effort. They were staunch, however, and the few shots that made it toward Garrett were weak and ill-placed. Finally, one shot flew straight toward him and landed safely in his arms. As Garrett kicked the ball high in the air, arcing over midfield, he felt a spasm in his bladder. The shortest of leaks escaped, creating a tiny damp patch in his briefs. Garrett exhaled sharply, clenching tightly. With the ball on the other side of the field, he could spend a few seconds getting himself back under control, but the precariousness of his situation was unnerving. Please, guys, he silently begged his teammates. Let’s end this now.

100 yards away, Garrett saw Joey, their senior captain, execute a beautiful shot on the Raiders’ goal. It sailed just past their goalie’s outstretched fingers...and clanged off the crossbar, flying sideways just as time expired.

“Nooooooo!” Garrett moaned. WIth no score after 2 overtime periods, each team would have 5 penalty kicks. All eyes would be on him, and all responsibility.

As Garrett stood on the sidelines, he allowed himself a quick squeeze of his crotch while all eyes were on Coach, picking the 5 kickers. Tiebreaker kicks could take awhile, Garrett thought. Maybe Coach would let him run to the locker room real quick while they were setting up.

“Coach?” Garrett’s voice shook ever so slightly. “Do you think I could…”

“Garrett!” Coach Carden’s voice was low, intense. “You’ve done a great job, kid, but you know this is all on you, now. I know you can do this, and I don’t want you to be nervous…”

Garrett’s face fell as Coach kept talking. The young man was known for his somewhat lengthy pep talks, and Coach prided himself on taking time to build up each player before important moments. Garrett watched forlornly as the refs walked back on to the field. There’s no way he’d have time run back to the bathroom now.

Garrett stood up straight, squeezing his pelvic muscles tightly, desperate to gain as much control as possible before heading back to protect his goal. He turned his eyes back toward Coach and nodded as if he’d been listening to the man’ speech. Coach smiled grimly and patted Garrett on the shoulder, sending him back out on the field.

The Raiders won the toss and elected to kick second. Garrett watched as his team’s first shot was batted away by the opposing goalkeeper. His turn. He stared down the approaching player, a stocky, powerful junior. The Raider approached quickly, but recklessly, and Garrett barely even moved as he watch the shot fly harmlessly to the outside of the right post. 0-0 after one kick each.

After the second shots, the game remained scoreless. Garrett stood between each save, tensing his muscles tightly, doing everything he could to keep from grabbing at his crotch. His stomach was starting to hurt, and his body vibrated with the effort of holding his urine. The third Raider stepped onto the field - a tiny redhead, known for his blinding speed. The player sprinted toward Garrett, dribbling the ball like a pro. As Garrett focused on the redhead’s feet, his bladder jerked, sending a few more drops into his already-damp jock strap. The shock of that small wetting distracted him for a split second, and his jump was too late. The ball flew past Garrett’s fingertips to the back corner of the net. 1-0, Raiders.

Garrett flung his head from side to side, trying to shake off the goal and the increasing pressure in his bladder. His world felt contracted, and he could barely hear the encouraging shouts from the stands and sidelines. All that mattered now was stopping the next two kickers...and not have a huge accident in front of what seemed like the whole town.

Still tense, Garrett watched as Matthias, a soft-spoken senior with a powerful leg, blasted the ball past the Raiders’ goalie. The crowd erupted, and the score was tied as all eyes turned back to Garrett.

Garrett barely even noticed the opposing player. Time seemed to speed up as he jumped straight into the air, swatting the ball safely over the net. Garrett landed in a crouch, unable to stop himself from gripping his dick to stop yet another leak. The wet patch felt huge against his skin, and his lower lip trembled with anxiety and humiliation. He hoped that the crowd, enthusiastically cheering his save, wouldn’t notice his perilously desperate state. One more, Garrett told himself. One more.

On the other end of the field, Joey lined up for the team’s final kick, their last chance to take the lead. After slowly rolling the ball back and forth for a few seconds, Joey suddenly burst forward, juking furiously toward the goal. With a blasting kick, Joey sent the ball flying toward the upper right corner of the goal...and just past the Raider goalie’s reach!

The crowd burst with deafening shrieks of excitement, and Garrett pumped his fist, allowing himself a moment of joy before the enormity of his task jerked him back to solemnity. The brief expression of delight had cost him another leak, one that went right through the wet patch in his jock strap and trickled down his thigh.

Garrett gasped, his eyes watering with pain and embarrassment. He stood upright, pressing his thighs together and raising his arms to make it look like he was stretching. Really, he was squeezing his legs together, desperately trying to eke out enough control to block this last shot. This was it - the whole game, the whole season, all on him.

Olly O’Leary sneered in Garrett’s direction as he approached the ball. The Raider saw Garrett’s hands shaking and smirked, sure that this unworthy sophomore was no match for his All-State skills.

Staring back, Garrett did his best to look calm, but as Olly slowly set up the ball, Garrett felt the tiniest stream of urine slip past his sphincter. Despite his best efforts, he couldn’t stop the flow entirely and felt his jock strap dampening even more. Garrett blushed furiously and felt tears prick at his eyes. The anxiety of his wetting, the suspense of the approaching player, closed in around him.

Olly O’Leary was picking up speed, flicking the ball back and forth with agility that belied his high school status.

Angrily, Garrett crouched in front of him, knowing that this shot was all he had left. The roar of the crowd faded into the background, and Garrett felt like he could hear his own heartbeat. Olly spun the ball in the air and flipped sideways for a bicycle kick, sending the ball racing toward the top left corner of the goal.

Garrett saw the move and vaulted to his left, stretching every inch of his 6-foot body toward the speeding ball. Garrett flicked his wrist forward, catching the ball with his fingertips. The interruption was just enough to alter the path of the ball, careening it off the left post and safely out of bounds.

The crowd thundered with elation, Coach bellowed, and his teammates leaped in the air, ricocheting off each other in ecstatic, teenage hugs.

But Garrett lay on the ground in stunned silence. The save had come at a price of his last bit of control, and urine poured out of him onto the torn up grass.

Chapter 3

Garrett breathed heavily, unable to put together coherent thoughts. He was having an accident, he was peeing in his pants in public, he was…

Garrett looked up to see Coach running toward him, wild with excitement. Hysterically, Garrett jumped to his feet, clamping his pelvic muscles to stem the flow of piss. He flung out his hand as Coach bounded forward.

“No!” Garrett yelped, his voice cracking with shame. He couldn’t bear the thought of Coach getting close enough to see him having an accident all over the grass. “Don’t!”

JJ stopped abruptly, utterly bemused at his goalie’s behavior. He stood, stunned, as Garrett turned and dashed toward the locker room.

From the stands, Abby fought her way through the celebrating crowd. She had watched with increasing agony for her younger brother. She knew he must be desperate, and when she saw him stay on the ground after his last save, she suspected the worst.

Abby made her way quickly across the field toward JJ.

“Abs!” he cried as he saw her. “I think Garrett’s hurt. I should…”

“No, no, no,” Abby interrupted. “You celebrate with your team. I’ll take care of him.” Abby kissed her boyfriend on the cheek and hurried to the locker room to find her brother.

Garrett hadn’t stopped running until he reached the showers. He had started wetting again as soon as he’d turned from Coach, urine spilling down his legs as he stumbled across the school grounds. His breath came in great ragged gasps; it felt like his accident would never end and the whole town must know about it. Garrett flung himself through the door of the locker room, feeling drops of pee flick off the cuff of his shorts. He collapsed on the floor of the showers, sobbing with mortification as the flow of urine finally slowed.

Abby gently pressed the door of the locker room open.

“Gar?” she called gently.

Her face fell as she heard her brother’s choked cries coming the showers. “Garrett?” she called again.

Garrett’s lip trembled even more when he heard his sister’s voice. He was shaking and exhausted, and all he wanted was to feel safe. He looked up as Abby turned the corner.

Abby’s heart broke when she saw her baby brother on the floor of the locker room shower, red eyes, tear-streaked face, and pee-drenched shorts.

“Ab…” Garrett whimpered, gazing pathetically up at his sister. “I...had an...accident…” Tears fell fresh from his eyes. “I tried to ask Coach to go at halftime and before penalty kicks and he wouldn’t listen he kept talking and I didn’t want to let everybody down…” Garrett’s rambling trailed off into bawling.

“Oh, baby,” Abby sighed, as she dropped to her knees and wrapped her brother in a hug. “It’s OK, I promise. Nobody saw.”

Garrett gulped in big breaths between cries. “I peed [gulp] my pants!” He wailed into his sister’s shoulder, his greatest social fear of the past 10 years realized. “I wet [gulp] everywhere!”

“Shhhhh,” Abby murmured. “Sweetie, it’s OK.”

“Abby? Garrett?”

Garrett and his sister started as JJ’s voice echoed through the locker room. Abby’s eyebrows drew together, and she gave Garrett a protective clutch around his shoulders before striding out of the showers to meet JJ.

“Hey!” JJ cried as Abby came around the corner. “Is he OK?”

“How DARE you?!?” Abby growled, striding toward her boyfriend.

JJ recoiled. “What? What did I do? Is Garrett OK?”

“No, he’s not OK!” Abby hissed. She liked JJ, but all she could think about was her crying, humiliated brother. “You don’t let your players use the bathroom, and now my brother wet himself sending your team to the state playoffs!”

JJ gaped, unsure of what to say. “I didn’t...he didn’t say…”

“He tried to ask you at halftime and before the penalty kicks and you just bulldozed right over him! How can you work with high school students and have so little awareness of their needs??” Abby was furious.

Still sitting on the floor of the shower, Garrett was too exhausted to care that his coach now knew that his goalie had an accident on the field. His shorts were starting to chafe and feel cold against his legs. He wanted to shower, go home, and sleep away the shame of today.

“Abby,” JJ was saying, “I swear, I didn’t know. I’m sorry. You’re right, I wasn’t paying attention; I was only thinking about the game.”

Abby sighed. She was tired, too, and she knew JJ hadn’t meant any harm. She was just so angry for her brother and frustrated that she couldn’t do anything about it.

“Look, JJ, I know,” she muttered. “It was a big game, and I’m happy for you. But please, just go back to your team. Tell them Garrett landed wrong on that last save and went home to rest. He’ll be fine in time for the state quarterfinals.”

JJ nodded. “Of course. I’ll call you tomorrow?”

“Sure,” Abby agreed. She let JJ kiss her on the cheek before he ran back to the field.

“Ab?”

Abby turned around to see Garrett standing behind her, a few specks of urine still dripping from the cuffs of his shorts.

“Hey, kid,” Abby said softly. “Sorry I got so mad. I probably shouldn’t have told JJ what happened. I’m sure he won’t tell anyone.”

Garrett sniffled. “It’s OK. I just wanted to get my stuff so I can shower before the other guys get here.”

“Of course,” Abby replied. “I’ll bring the car around and wait for you.”

Garrett grabbed his gym bag and turned on the shower. Under the hot water, he felt himself tear up again. All he could think about was lying on the ground after that last save, having an accident in his shorts, feeling the hot pee gush uncontrollably down his legs. His hands shook from the utter degradation of it all. A 16-year-old, practically a grown man, wetting on himself like a baby. Garrett couldn’t stop more tears from falling from his eyes.

Garrett showered quickly, not wanting to still be in the locker room when his teammates jubilantly burst in after the trophy ceremony. Disgusted, he rinsed his piss-soaked uniform before throwing it into his gym bag and pulling on his clothes from school. Tossing his bag over his shoulder, Garrett trudged out to meet his sister.

Abby saw Garrett emerge from the side door and pulled the car up to the sidewalk. Garrett threw his bag in the back and slid into the front seat, head down and sniffling. Abby felt a surge of affection for her brother. She leaned over and hugged his shoulders.

“You did a great job, today, bud. Your team’s going to state because of you. That’s all you need to worry about.”

Garrett managed a half-smile, even though he was still shaking from the humiliation of his accident. “Thanks, Abs. I just want to go home.”

*004*2014-12-07 23:17

{{:

Excellent story, well-written! And it illustrates a situation that is surely common in sports: a well-hydrated athlete with a full bladder. In contact sports a full bladder can be dangerous, and in all sports it can be inconvenient and/or embarrassing. On the Internet there are clips of athletes relieving themselves on the field or in their uniforms.

}}

Thanks, Fred! For high school students, especially, the confusion between wanting to help your team and your own needs can be very high-pressure.

{{:

Beautiful story. Exactly the kind of omorashi that I enjoy. Horrible embarrassment followed by comfort. Well written as well.

}}

It's my favorite style, too. Most of the stories I come up with are in a similar vein.

{{:

I really enjoyed this! Very well written!

}}

Thanks, Rebel!

*008*2014-12-31 02:41

{{:

I loved this story! It was one of the best I've read! Thanks for sharing :)

}}

Thanks, Lydney! I really enjoy your writing, as well!

*014*2016-06-12 01:57

Wow, this is so old! I'm flattered people are still trying to read it. I have no idea how to edit a post this old, so here is the story again. Thanks for pointing out the problem!

###

Garrett jogged into the locker room with the rest of his team at halftime, sweaty but exhilarated. Halfway through the district championship, his high school soccer team was playing well, holding their cross-town rivals, the top-scoring team in the league, to a 0-0 tie. Garrett ripped off his goalie gloves and grabbed his water bottle, straddling a bench to listen to Coach’s midgame adjustments.

Garrett jiggled his right knee restlessly. He was pleased with his own performance in goal and eager to get back on the field for the second half. As a sophomore, he knew some of his teammates had questioned the young Coach’s pre-season decision to name Garrett the starting goalie, but he had worked hard to prove his worth. Their current position in the district finals was, in no small part, thanks to his disciplined, intuitive goalkeeping. At 6 feet tall and broad-shouldered, Garrett looked older than his 16 years, intimidating opposing strikers with his intense gaze and long-armed reach protecting the goal. Of course, players for the Adams High Raiders weren’t easily intimidated, Garrett thought as he watched Coach draw some suggested plays on the whiteboard. They’d been aggressive all night, and Garrett had made a couple of very close saves.

Garrett mindlessly drained the rest of his water bottle. The early November weather wasn’t overly warm, but Garrett didn’t get a lot of breaks in goal and wanted to stay hydrated. He’d consumed water throughout the day, gulping down two whole water bottles during warmups. As Coach was concluding his halftime pep talk, Garrett noticed a twinge in his own bladder. It wasn’t anything that would bother him normally, but he wanted to be completely undistracted for the second half.

As the team stood to return to the field, bouncing with confidence, Garrett jogged toward Coach to ask to use the restroom.

“Coach Carden…” he started.

“Garrett!” Coach interrupted. “I want you to do a few more stretches with the trainer before halftime ends. You hit the ground hard on that last save, so I want to make sure you’re nice and loose for the rest of the game.”

“Sure, but…” Garrett felt slightly flustered. He hadn’t thought his need was too urgent, but his stomach clenched at the thought of having to wait until after the game to relieve himself.

“No buts!” Coach barked. “Get out there!”

“Yes, sir,” Garrett mumbled, jogging out after his teammates.

Coach JJ Carden liked Garrett. The kid’s family had more money than God, but Garrett never acted arrogant or entitled. He kept his head down and worked hard, earning every minute of his starting spot in goal. JJ was often stunned at how fearlessly Garrett threw himself after opponent’s shots on goal. JJ also happened to be dating Garrett’s older sister, Abby, a 3rd-year med student at the local university. Luckily, Garrett’s preternatural athleticism erased any thoughts of nepotism from the team’s collective mind. Garrett would’ve been the starting goalie regardless of whom his sister dated.

At the end of halftime, Garrett took his place in the goal, widening his stance and swaying back and forth slightly, hands loose by his thighs. He was aware of the mild discomfort from his bladder, but knew that he could make it through the second half.

And make it, he did. Garrett was phenomenal, flying around the goal, not letting a single shot by. Unfortunately, his teammates were not as effective on offense. At the end of regulation, the score remained 0-0, and Garrett squirmed a bit as he jogged to the bench to prepare for overtime.

Abby watched nervously from the stands. At 26, she was 10 years older than her baby brother and still tended to think of him that way. Though Garrett had long since outgrown her, Abby still felt protective, wanting to shield him from any pain or harm. She knew Garrett was an outstanding goalie; she also knew that goalies, like pitchers in baseball or placekickers in football, were easy scapegoats in a close loss. She could handle watching her boyfriend coach in the district finals, but watching her younger brother literally stand between his team and the end of their season was considerably more nerve-wracking.

As Garrett joined his team on their sideline, Abby noticed his thighs briefly press together. Most people probably wouldn’t have noticed, but Abby was painfully aware of her brother’s somewhat tenuous history with continence.

###

As a child, Garrett had the unfortunate combination of a small bladder and an intense lack of distractability when playing, which led to several accidents around their house. Abby and their parents were never frustrated, though, and Garrett’s naturally pleasant disposition prevented him from allowing his wettings to bother him...until he got to school. While accidents were common enough for students in preschool and kindergarten, Garrett quickly learned that first graders were expected to keep their pants dry.

Early in the school year, Garrett felt familiar wetness down his legs as he sat through a math lesson. Only this time, instead of simply being dismissed by the teacher to change his clothes, Garrett found himself surrounded by classmates laughing and pointing at him, deriding him for his “babyish” behavior. Garrett’s face flamed and tears ran down his cheeks. He hadn’t thought that having accidents was a big deal, but apparently, he was wrong. He was an infant, he was stupid, he wasn’t a big boy. He knew, even at age 6, that he could never pee his pants in front of his friends again.

From that day on, Garrett was exceedingly careful with his bathroom habits in public. Even at camp or on field trips, Garrett would use the restroom at every opportunity. When he was forced to go more than a couple of hours without a break, he became anxious and twitchy. Though he never came close to wetting himself, the worry was always in the back of him mind.

Nighttime was a different issue entirely. The anxiety of his first-grade accident translated into several bedwettings per week. Each time, Garrett would wake up in tears, gasping out apologies as Abby or his parents would change his sheets, whispering words of comfort - it wasn’t his fault, it can happen to anyone, shhh, Garrett, don’t worry, buddy. It’s fine. Still, Garrett wet the bed consistently until age 10, with sporadic nighttime accidents that stopped only when he reached high school.

###

Knowing about Garrett’s history of bedwetting and uneasy desire to avoid desperation, Abby tensed seeing him stand next to Coach. She knew that Garrett was probably already uncomfortable with the fullness of his bladder, and she could only hope that the game ended after only one overtime period.

Garrett, slowly shifting his weight back and forth on the sideline, hoped the same thing.

Garrett sprinted back to the goal for the start of overtime. He had 10 minutes to protect his goal while his teammates tried to score. Tournament rules didn’t allow for sudden-death goals; you played the whole 10 minutes. If the scored remained tied, you played another 10 mintues. If there still wasn’t a winner, each team chose 5 players for penalty kicks. Garrett, clenching his pelvic muscles, hoped it wouldn’t come to that.

The whistle blew and Garrett’s focus was entirely on the game, forgetting about his still-filling bladder. Coach had drawn up an aggressive offensive scheme, and his players kept the ball across midfield. Just past the 6 minute mark, however, a Raider forced the ball away from Joey, the senior captain, and dribbled toward Garrett.

Garrett wiggled his splayed fingers, his eyes never leaving his opponent. Of course it was Olly O’Leary, the All-State senior from Adams. Olly was a breathtakingly talented player, already committed to Stanford. With defenders closing in, Olly feinted left and kicked right, sending the ball flying to Garrett’s left, just above the ground. Garrett launched sideways, his long arms outstretched. Fully extended, Garrett punched the ball forward, sending it soaring out of bounds before he hit the ground. The home crowd roared with approval, and Garrett lept back to his feet, shaking with adrenaline.

As the ref set up the throw-in, Garrett positioned himself back in the center of the goal. He tried to focus on the game, but he was all too aware of the few drops of urine that had escaped during that last save. The clock kept ticking, and Garrett clenched every muscle in the lower half of his body, praying his teammates would find a way to score.

The final 3 minutes of overtime passed, though, and the score remained tied. Faced with yet another 10 minute period between him and a toilet, Garrett bit his lower lip to keep it from trembling. It would be fine, he thought. Just because he never let himself hold it this long didn’t mean he couldn’t, right?

In the stands, Abby groaned as the whistle blew to indicate the end of the first overtime. She knew Garrett must feel awful by now and couldn’t help but notice how stiffly he jogged back to the sideline for another round of Coach’s advice. She hoped that anyone else watching him would attribute his bouncing and swaying to nerves, not an increasing desire to pee.

For the third time that evening, Garrett ran back to his spot in goal. This time, though, he kept his legs close together, shifting his hips left to right, trying to maintain a casual-looking hold on his bladder. Yet when the period started, he was right back in his stance, coiled and ready for whatever came his way.

This time, the Raiders were the aggressive ones, pushing to ball toward to goal box, keeping Garrett’s teammates back in a frantic defensive effort. They were staunch, however, and the few shots that made it toward Garrett were weak and ill-placed. Finally, one shot flew straight toward him and landed safely in his arms. As Garrett kicked the ball high in the air, arcing over midfield, he felt a spasm in his bladder. The shortest of leaks escaped, creating a tiny damp patch in his briefs. Garrett exhaled sharply, clenching tightly. With the ball on the other side of the field, he could spend a few seconds getting himself back under control, but the precariousness of his situation was unnerving. Please, guys, he silently begged his teammates. Let’s end this now.

100 yards away, Garrett saw Joey, their senior captain, execute a beautiful shot on the Raiders’ goal. It sailed just past their goalie’s outstretched fingers...and clanged off the crossbar, flying sideways just as time expired.

“Nooooooo!” Garrett moaned. WIth no score after 2 overtime periods, each team would have 5 penalty kicks. All eyes would be on him, and all responsibility.

As Garrett stood on the sidelines, he allowed himself a quick squeeze of his crotch while all eyes were on Coach, picking the 5 kickers. Tiebreaker kicks could take awhile, Garrett thought. Maybe Coach would let him run to the locker room real quick while they were setting up.

“Coach?” Garrett’s voice shook ever so slightly. “Do you think I could…”

“Garrett!” Coach Carden’s voice was low, intense. “You’ve done a great job, kid, but you know this is all on you, now. I know you can do this, and I don’t want you to be nervous…”

Garrett’s face fell as Coach kept talking. The young man was known for his somewhat lengthy pep talks, and Coach prided himself on taking time to build up each player before important moments. Garrett watched forlornly as the refs walked back on to the field. There’s no way he’d have time run back to the bathroom now.

Garrett stood up straight, squeezing his pelvic muscles tightly, desperate to gain as much control as possible before heading back to protect his goal. He turned his eyes back toward Coach and nodded as if he’d been listening to the man’ speech. Coach smiled grimly and patted Garrett on the shoulder, sending him back out on the field.

The Raiders won the toss and elected to kick second. Garrett watched as his team’s first shot was batted away by the opposing goalkeeper. His turn. He stared down the approaching player, a stocky, powerful junior. The Raider approached quickly, but recklessly, and Garrett barely even moved as he watch the shot fly harmlessly to the outside of the right post. 0-0 after one kick each.

After the second shots, the game remained scoreless. Garrett stood between each save, tensing his muscles tightly, doing everything he could to keep from grabbing at his crotch. His stomach was starting to hurt, and his body vibrated with the effort of holding his urine. The third Raider stepped onto the field - a tiny redhead, known for his blinding speed. The player sprinted toward Garrett, dribbling the ball like a pro. As Garrett focused on the redhead’s feet, his bladder jerked, sending a few more drops into his already-damp jock strap. The shock of that small wetting distracted him for a split second, and his jump was too late. The ball flew past Garrett’s fingertips to the back corner of the net. 1-0, Raiders.

Garrett flung his head from side to side, trying to shake off the goal and the increasing pressure in his bladder. His world felt contracted, and he could barely hear the encouraging shouts from the stands and sidelines. All that mattered now was stopping the next two kickers...and not have a huge accident in front of what seemed like the whole town.

Still tense, Garrett watched as Matthias, a soft-spoken senior with a powerful leg, blasted the ball past the Raiders’ goalie. The crowd erupted, and the score was tied as all eyes turned back to Garrett.

Garrett barely even noticed the opposing player. Time seemed to speed up as he jumped straight into the air, swatting the ball safely over the net. Garrett landed in a crouch, unable to stop himself from gripping his dick to stop yet another leak. The wet patch felt huge against his skin, and his lower lip trembled with anxiety and humiliation. He hoped that the crowd, enthusiastically cheering his save, wouldn’t notice his perilously desperate state. One more, Garrett told himself. One more.

On the other end of the field, Joey lined up for the team’s final kick, their last chance to take the lead. After slowly rolling the ball back and forth for a few seconds, Joey suddenly burst forward, juking furiously toward the goal. With a blasting kick, Joey sent the ball flying toward the upper right corner of the goal...and just past the Raider goalie’s reach!

The crowd burst with deafening shrieks of excitement, and Garrett pumped his fist, allowing himself a moment of joy before the enormity of his task jerked him back to solemnity. The brief expression of delight had cost him another leak, one that went right through the wet patch in his jock strap and trickled down his thigh.

Garrett gasped, his eyes watering with pain and embarrassment. He stood upright, pressing his thighs together and raising his arms to make it look like he was stretching. Really, he was squeezing his legs together, desperately trying to eke out enough control to block this last shot. This was it - the whole game, the whole season, all on him.

Olly O’Leary sneered in Garrett’s direction as he approached the ball. The Raider saw Garrett’s hands shaking and smirked, sure that this unworthy sophomore was no match for his All-State skills.

Staring back, Garrett did his best to look calm, but as Olly slowly set up the ball, Garrett felt the tiniest stream of urine slip past his sphincter. Despite his best efforts, he couldn’t stop the flow entirely and felt his jock strap dampening even more. Garrett blushed furiously and felt tears prick at his eyes. The anxiety of his wetting, the suspense of the approaching player, closed in around him.

Olly O’Leary was picking up speed, flicking the ball back and forth with agility that belied his high school status.

Angrily, Garrett crouched in front of him, knowing that this shot was all he had left. The roar of the crowd faded into the background, and Garrett felt like he could hear his own heartbeat. Olly spun the ball in the air and flipped sideways for a bicycle kick, sending the ball racing toward the top left corner of the goal.

Garrett saw the move and vaulted to his left, stretching every inch of his 6-foot body toward the speeding ball. Garrett flicked his wrist forward, catching the ball with his fingertips. The interruption was just enough to alter the path of the ball, careening it off the left post and safely out of bounds.

The crowd thundered with elation, Coach bellowed, and his teammates leaped in the air, ricocheting off each other in ecstatic, teenage hugs.

But Garrett lay on the ground in stunned silence. The save had come at a price of his last bit of control, and urine poured out of him onto the torn up grass.

Garrett breathed heavily, unable to put together coherent thoughts. He was having an accident, he was peeing in his pants in public, he was…

Garrett looked up to see Coach running toward him, wild with excitement. Hysterically, Garrett jumped to his feet, clamping his pelvic muscles to stem the flow of piss. He flung out his hand as Coach bounded forward.

“No!” Garrett yelped, his voice cracking with shame. He couldn’t bear the thought of Coach getting close enough to see him having an accident all over the grass. “Don’t!”

JJ stopped abruptly, utterly bemused at his goalie’s behavior. He stood, stunned, as Garrett turned and dashed toward the locker room.

From the stands, Abby fought her way through the celebrating crowd. She had watched with increasing agony for her younger brother. She knew he must be desperate, and when she saw him stay on the ground after his last save, she suspected the worst.

Abby made her way quickly across the field toward JJ.

“Abs!” he cried as he saw her. “I think Garrett’s hurt. I should…”

“No, no, no,” Abby interrupted. “You celebrate with your team. I’ll take care of him.” Abby kissed her boyfriend on the cheek and hurried to the locker room to find her brother.

Garrett hadn’t stopped running until he reached the showers. He had started wetting again as soon as he’d turned from Coach, urine spilling down his legs as he stumbled across the school grounds. His breath came in great ragged gasps; it felt like his accident would never end and the whole town must know about it. Garrett flung himself through the door of the locker room, feeling drops of pee flick off the cuff of his shorts. He collapsed on the floor of the showers, sobbing with mortification as the flow of urine finally slowed.

Abby gently pressed the door of the locker room open.

“Gar?” she called gently.

Her face fell as she heard her brother’s choked cries coming the showers. “Garrett?” she called again.

Garrett’s lip trembled even more when he heard his sister’s voice. He was shaking and exhausted, and all he wanted was to feel safe. He looked up as Abby turned the corner.

Abby’s heart broke when she saw her baby brother on the floor of the locker room shower, red eyes, tear-streaked face, and pee-drenched shorts.

“Ab…” Garrett whimpered, gazing pathetically up at his sister. “I...had an...accident…” Tears fell fresh from his eyes. “I tried to ask Coach to go at halftime and before penalty kicks and he wouldn’t listen he kept talking and I didn’t want to let everybody down…” Garrett’s rambling trailed off into bawling.

“Oh, baby,” Abby sighed, as she dropped to her knees and wrapped her brother in a hug. “It’s OK, I promise. Nobody saw.”

Garrett gulped in big breaths between cries. “I peed [gulp] my pants!” He wailed into his sister’s shoulder, his greatest social fear of the past 10 years realized. “I wet [gulp] everywhere!”

“Shhhhh,” Abby murmured. “Sweetie, it’s OK.”

“Abby? Garrett?”

Garrett and his sister started as JJ’s voice echoed through the locker room. Abby’s eyebrows drew together, and she gave Garrett a protective clutch around his shoulders before striding out of the showers to meet JJ.

“Hey!” JJ cried as Abby came around the corner. “Is he OK?”

“How DARE you?!?” Abby growled, striding toward her boyfriend.

JJ recoiled. “What? What did I do? Is Garrett OK?”

“No, he’s not OK!” Abby hissed. She liked JJ, but all she could think about was her crying, humiliated brother. “You don’t let your players use the bathroom, and now my brother wet himself sending your team to the state playoffs!”

JJ gaped, unsure of what to say. “I didn’t...he didn’t say…”

“He tried to ask you at halftime and before the penalty kicks and you just bulldozed right over him! How can you work with high school students and have so little awareness of their needs??” Abby was furious.

Still sitting on the floor of the shower, Garrett was too exhausted to care that his coach now knew that his goalie had an accident on the field. His shorts were starting to chafe and feel cold against his legs. He wanted to shower, go home, and sleep away the shame of today.

“Abby,” JJ was saying, “I swear, I didn’t know. I’m sorry. You’re right, I wasn’t paying attention; I was only thinking about the game.”

Abby sighed. She was tired, too, and she knew JJ hadn’t meant any harm. She was just so angry for her brother and frustrated that she couldn’t do anything about it.

“Look, JJ, I know,” she muttered. “It was a big game, and I’m happy for you. But please, just go back to your team. Tell them Garrett landed wrong on that last save and went home to rest. He’ll be fine in time for the state quarterfinals.”

JJ nodded. “Of course. I’ll call you tomorrow?”

“Sure,” Abby agreed. She let JJ kiss her on the cheek before he ran back to the field.

“Ab?”

Abby turned around to see Garrett standing behind her, a few specks of urine still dripping from the cuffs of his shorts.

“Hey, kid,” Abby said softly. “Sorry I got so mad. I probably shouldn’t have told JJ what happened. I’m sure he won’t tell anyone.”

Garrett sniffled. “It’s OK. I just wanted to get my stuff so I can shower before the other guys get here.”

“Of course,” Abby replied. “I’ll bring the car around and wait for you.”

Garrett grabbed his gym bag and turned on the shower. Under the hot water, he felt himself tear up again. All he could think about was lying on the ground after that last save, having an accident in his shorts, feeling the hot pee gush uncontrollably down his legs. His hands shook from the utter degradation of it all. A 16-year-old, practically a grown man, wetting on himself like a baby. Garrett couldn’t stop more tears from falling from his eyes.

Garrett showered quickly, not wanting to still be in the locker room when his teammates jubilantly burst in after the trophy ceremony. Disgusted, he rinsed his piss-soaked uniform before throwing it into his gym bag and pulling on his clothes from school. Tossing his bag over his shoulder, Garrett trudged out to meet his sister.

Abby saw Garrett emerge from the side door and pulled the car up to the sidewalk. Garrett threw his bag in the back and slid into the front seat, head down and sniffling. Abby felt a surge of affection for her brother. She leaned over and hugged his shoulders.

“You did a great job, today, bud. Your team’s going to state because of you. That’s all you need to worry about.”

Garrett managed a half-smile, even though he was still shaking from the humiliation of his accident. “Thanks, Abs. I just want to go home.”

