Lucy's unvisible public wetting adventure

Author: idc37

*000*2015-12-27 14:23

Based on a true story!

###

It was fridayevening and lucy was getting ready to go to her eveningjob. she had been working in a movie theater for a while to help out a friend that was running the place. she was still living at her parents place, and her older sister was also there to drop off her kids to stay with their grandparents. they had dropped off their gear in the guestroom that was next to lucy's bedroom. as lucy left her room she noticed there were some diapers in one of the bags of the little kids. she knew that sometimes the youngest girl at the age of 7 could still could have minor accidents at night, especially when not sleeping in her own bed.

Lucy always had wanting to try one out to see how it feels, so she took one out of the bag an put it in her purse. already she began to feel herself warming up at the idea of putting it on, but still a little guilty she was stealing something her neice might need. she said everyone goodnight and left to go to the movietheater.

The evening in the movie theater went smooth. she had been serving drinks and snacks, and she had even gotten some good tips, but she always thought that the sexy uniform she was asked to wear had something to do with it. they always needed to wear some kind of schoolgirl uniform. skirt up untill the knees, black pantyhose and a white shirt that was a few buttons short on top to hide cleavage. her boss always said this made people spend more, when beeing served by a pretty younglady.

Most movies began playing at 8pm so by 8:30 pm they woould always take turn to have a break of 15 minutes. so when everyone had their break they would be ready for the next shift of 9:30pm.

By the time lucy was up for her break she thought it was time to get her plan into action. she took her purse and left for the toilet. she didnt really have to go, but she wanted to dare herself. when she entered the personells toilet, it was completely empty. she entered one of the stalls, put her purse ontop of the closed toilet and took out the diaper. it had some krokodile figurines on it and some bright colored striped and dots. not the kind to close, but the stretchable pullup ones. she might just fit into them.

"here it goes" she said to herself wondering with enthousiasm, as she began hiking up her skirt to pull down her pantyhose and panties. she took the panties out of of the pantyhose and put them in her purse at the bottom. then she took the pullups stept into them and pulled them gently over her thighs until her tushy and pushy were covered in krokodile diapers. she touched the front of the diaper and already she knew she was going to enjoy this very much! then she stepped into her pantyhose again to coverup that she wasnt wearing regular panties. she wouldn't want anyone to find out she was tryin some experiment. she stepped outside of the toilet and had a good look in the mirror to be sure nothing was showing in front or on the back of her skirt. as she was gaining confidence that it wasn't visible, she lifted up her skirt to have a look and by the sight of seeing her at her workplace in diapers she began to feel even more turned on.

Then she returned to her station at the bar in the movie theater where new people began to gather to see the late night movie shift. she was very coutious when helping people out with their orders, she didnt want anyone to notice her little secret, so every thime she had to pick something from the lower shelf, she bent her knees instead of bending over like she usually did. the last shift passed very quickly and when she left the building already her friends were waiting in the parking lot to pick her up to go to the christmas fair in town. lucy got into the car and kissed both her bff and the girls boyfriend on the cheek. normally when jack wasn't around lucy would kiss sarah on the lips, because if lucy wasn't 100% sure that sarah wasn't so in love with jack, lucy would try to win over sarahs heart.

Jack started the car and they drove to another parking lot close to the chistmas fair. they went to the market place where all the stalls were put up and each ordered drinks everytime at a different stall. sometimes warm red wine, sometimes just 3 shots. sarah said she had to go use the toilet, so they decided to go to a bar to grab a few beers. and to warm up. lucy thought to herself that she could use a little bathroom break by now, but she kept her mouth shut. "maybe i should hold it just a little while longer" she told herself.

The music in the bar turned up louder and the did some dancing while ordering a few more beers. jack asked the girls if it wouldnt be a good time to begin to make the trip back home. he had to work on saterday, so they knew it wouldnt get late. both girls agreed and sarah said she was going to get their coats they had gave to the person garding them.

"now is the moment" lucy thought by herself. and as she stood there by the bar, she started leaking little bits of pee into her already warm diaper. it turned her on to have dared herself to pee right at that bar. the ony thing she wanted to do now is feel under her skirt how wet the diaper would get. but this should have waited untill she got home.

She saw sarah returning with the vests and she instantly stopped the leaking. she wouldn't want her friend to know she had been wetting herself while she was waiting for her friend.

When they where walking back to the car lucy had gotten a bit behind. sarah asked what was wrong and lucy replied she should have gone to the toilet before they had left the bar. jack encouraged her to hold it just a little while longer as they would drop her off at her house in 10 minutes. "i can handle 10 minutes" lucy replied.

After 5 minutes of driving lucy's urges began getting bigger. she was sitting alone on the backseat of the car while the couple was sitting in front holding eachothers hands. lucy put her hand in between her thighs to feel her warm diapy. doing that she couldn't resist anymore and began peeing for 4 to 5 seconds. she felt that the diaper was getting very saggy. then she stopped suddenly thinking she wouldn't wanna start leaking onto the carseat.

Jack pulled over in front of the driveway of lucy's house. the threesome said their goodbuys and as lucy stepped out of the car and closed the door, she noticed that her diaper was already full of wetness. as she waved her friends goodbye she completely started to let go. she was right, few seconds after she let her bladder take control she started to feel warm fluid running down ther thighs and her knees. she began to hear splashed on the pavement in the very silent street.

While she was still peeing she walked onto the grass to the back of the house. she was so turned on she herself down on a chair in the dark garden and put her hand inside the overly wet diaper. after she had gotten what she wanted, she got inside the house, took some towels, put them on her bed, crawled inside of her bed, still wearing her soacked nappy. she was very happy with her dare and slept like a little baby.

###

Based on a true story!

