My friend wetting herself at a softball game

Author: BookishOmo

*000*2016-08-08 06:19

My close friend, Grace, had a quite interesting accident at the softball field recently. She plays for our local highschool team, and she starts as a pitcher. I was invited, by her, to come to the field and watch her play. I drove up with one of my other close friends, excited for the game. She was busy warming up when we got to the field, so I never had the chance to say hello. Soon, the game began. It was a very close game. Around the middle of the game, she began to look desperate to pee. I decided to walk over to check on her while she was in the dugout. I asked if she was alright and if I could do anything to help.

Grace has brown, Curly hair, and green eyes. She said she had to pee super bad but there was no time as she was up to bat next. She did a little pee dance with her hand between her legs as she got ready to bat. The walk up to home plate made me feel awkward. She tried and failed to look natural as she gobbled up to the plate. The pitcher threw the first ball. Strike. It had to be hard for her to bat, being desperate as she was. Grace swung and missed again. Only this time she had a visible leak. I could see a small dark patch spreading across her red softball pants.

I was enormously turned on but I felt very sorry at the same time. All I could do was watch helplessly. Grace tried to act like nothing had happened. Maybe hoping that it wasn't visible but it was. The next pitch she crushed. Somehow, dispite her restroom needs she had managed to hit a home run. She hobbled around the bases awkwardly openly holding herself. When she reached home plate the inevitable happened. Grace completely wet her pants. Pee started dripping from her but forming a small puddle on the ground and she pressed her shaking knees together. A dark line appeared running down her right leg, soaking her red pants. The urine reached her sock and streamed over her cleat at the bottom.

The puddle around my poor, desperate friends feet only grew. An identical dark line appeared on her left leg running down, over her socks and cleats in the same fashion. After what seemed like an eternity she was finished. There was a dark patch on the cute butt of her pants that ran down all the way to the puddle around her feet. Mortified grace shuffled over to the dugout to hide. I gave her a hug when she passed me, getting her pee on my legs a little as a result. She looks at me in supprise then accepted the embrace. She cried into my shoulder for a bit, then I wrapped my jacket around her waist and walked her to my car. The coach didn't mind that she left early. After I dropped her and my other friend off I looked where she had sat. There was more pee on the seat that I would have to clean. I didn't mind.

That was my first story, hope you all enjoyed.

