A Meeting of Fate

Author: Night Rain

*000*2014-02-02 08:54

This is a coop story that's being written by myself and my friend KonekoChan, I;d like to share the first chapter with you. I hope you guys enjoy as much as we enjoyed writing it comments are welcome,

Chapter 1: The Clash of Wind Against Flame

A light breeze blew through the trees within the middle of the path leading towards the school. Known as "Evergreen" it was a private school for girls. It had been built on the outskirts of the town known as "St Augusta" the town itself was a cross between that of a small town mixed in with that of a big city. The school itself was build in the style of gothic architecture with a style featuring pointed arches and vaults in windows or doors, steeply pitched gables, and balanced thrusts in stone masonry. Stone sinews are visible in the structure. Which was two stories tall and had been designed by a master of his art.

As another breeze blew it seemed like as if out of no where a small female appeared from out of no where. Kara has shoulder length hair. The long pink locks had been carefully and expertly formed into tight ringlets, a tedious process that only the nobility had any time for. Reaching to the middle of her small black. Her eyelashes are neatly curved, and her thin, curved eyebrows fit perfectly on her beautiful face. Her gently slanted, eyes were a piercing blue more deep than any ocean and more shimmering than the sky on its clearest day and black darker than the night itself, both were crowned by long dark lashes and delicately arched brows. A small, sharp and well-formed nose and thin, pinkish lips completes her beautiful face.

Kara stepped out of the windy like breeze, she was dressed in a short black frilly skirt. That reached down to about mid-thigh a short white blouse with black roses covering it. Two black boots covered her feet as she walked down the path. For if one were to look at Kara they would just see a normal girl but she wasn't normal she was a user of wind magic having. Been trained in the arts by her father since she was a young age. She was quite good at it but still had lots more to learn.

"I wonder how this year will be can I truly make a friend?" Kara asked herself.

She had finally reached the main gates to the school where several other girls were already. Standing around and talking with each other Kara. Made her way past them and found a quiet spot near a large old oak tree, She stood apart from the others and just watched the events taking place before her.

Today's just like any other day. I walk to school, taking in all the glares of disapproval and jealousy from my classmates. Well, I wouldn't call them classmates, in fact, I won't even wish to be associated with those spineless cretins who can't even bring themselves to personally voice their resentment for me. How do I know they hate me? The answer is easy, I know things they don't know. I can read their little thoughts as they see me walk by.

The girl to my immediate left thinks I'm somewhat of a mobster's child, sure, my family's got money, but they're no mobsters. They run a large money-lending company called "Sera Finance". I'm their next heir to be truthful. Frankly, I couldn't give a damn, I want nothing to do with my Mother's company. They should just leave that to my younger half-sisters when they come of age. I'm the oldest of three, if you haven't yet figured that out. I once had wishes to run the firm, but they all crumbled away when my Father died and my Mother was forced to re-marry or lose the company. At that particular moment in time, it was perceived as abnormal for a Woman to run a money-lending company, three years later, that rule was overrun, making it possible for my Mother to run the company by herself, if she so wished. But by that time, she was already trapped in marriage.

After my Father died, my Mother was never the same, and neither was the company which I will soon be forced to run when I graduate from University, but that is a distance away, six years to be exact. My Father always used to run a reputable business, always being fair when people had difficulties repaying the debts they owed him. As soon as he died, my Mother took the reins and changed all that, ruling the company with a fist made of Iron, completely destroying the good reputation which my Father built up for us. We're now known as a company who's only in it for the money and not our client's happiness.

But that's enough about my family troubles, I don't want to destroy your attention span just yet. The boys cat-calling from the trees overlooking the path to my school think I'm 'just their type'. No way would I ever want to get with such a loathsome gender. One of the boys only wants to get with me to use me as a sort of trophy. "Look at me guys, I've hit the jackpot! Appreciate me and call me your master." That's his exact thought of what he'll do once he become my 'boyfriend'. Honestly, if he's insecure in his own masculinity then I want nothing to do with it.

The girls chatting under the Oak tree to my right think I'm an emotionless monster. A monster? Really, just because I am more popular than you it doesn't mean I am abnormal. I don't even know what it means, popularity is a pointless label to help those who have difficulties living their lives feel an ounce of importance. I wouldn't want to be branded in such a way.

The girl walking behind me is too busy frothing over my choice of underwear that morning to even think any sense. Wait, WHAT?! She's LOOKING at my UNDERWEAR! What a putrid cockroach! How dare she do such a thing! I'm not going to walk in front of her any more, that's for sure.

Anyway, I've bored you enough, now down to the more important things. My name is Lilly Sera, I'm a Year 8 at Evergreen, which is a Private school for girls. I have short white hair and red eyes. Oh, I forgot to tell you, I also have Mild ESP and the ability to control fire. White fire at that. I'm a pyromancer of sorts with mild mind-reader thrown into the mix. I can only read surface thoughts, if you're wondering, but that's enough for me.

That's enough about me. It's nearly time for the day to start. Oh, the joys. I can't even control my excitement at this moment. In case you didn't notice, I was being sarcastic there. Well, I guess it's time to go...

Kara remained standing near the oak tree watching as more students arrived at the school. She didn't bother to interact with anyone let alone move it seemed that no one ever noticed she was there. That was usually how things were with Kara she didn't seem to care about it that much in fact she was happy with it. She thought that most people were selfish bastards who wanted nothing more to either get into her pants or use her as a means. Of increasing their own status within Kara's fathers company.

Entitled "Ravenclaw" after the families last name the business itself was that. They worked with the high ranking officials whom were in charge of the city. They did normal deals and side deals which often times led to people being outested from power and new people. Taking their places to even deaths of rival members between other people.

It was usually members of the company who went out with Kara. They never really cared for her just wanted to use her anyway they saw fit. There had been times when they try and get into her pants this led to fights and a couple of near rapes. But often end up leaving with their tail between their legs once Kara was done with them kicking their asses for even trying that on her.

Her family life was simple she was an only child and spent most of her time alone. Her parents seemed to busy with work and weren't around much. There would be times where they wouldn't even come home. Kara didn't mid this either she enjoyed the time alone it gave her time to think and train to use her power for Kara was an Aeromancer having the power to control the very wind itself. Those whom new of this called Kara "Wind dancer" is was name that suited her well for when ever she used it and someone it.

They would say that it looked like she was dancing in the wind. That's what Kara had been thinking about she wasn't even sure just as to way she had thought all that. Deciding to a little fun she closed her eyes a clear magical power seemed to flow out of her. The very wind it seemed to suddenly seemed to change from a light breeze to that of a strong breeze which had started to blow up the skirts of several of the girls around Kara. Revealing the different types of panties they were,

Which were white, black, checkered, striped even one had a picture of pikachu upon the backside of them. The girls screamed in fear using their hands to push down the hems of their skirts their faces blushing bright red. All Kara did was smile as she saw this and the wind started to die down.

"Damn fools" Kara thought.

Lilly was walking along the pathway to her school, keeping her head down as usual to not make eye contact with anyone. This way, she learned a lot more about them than she would have if she asked them.

Her cream blouse was blowing in the small breeze, moving the blue bow on the front of it gently from side to side. Her pleated red skirt joined the dance which her blouse was partaking in, gently shuffling as the wind caressed it. Her pure white shoes softly clicked against the floor with each step she made, this sound was drowned out by the conversing students around her. The frills on her ankle high white socks bounced a little with each of her steps.

She was snapped from her graceful pace when a violent wind blew in from her right. This lifted up her skirt, revealing her light blue panties with royal blue stars on. She let out a surprised gasp and quickly pushed her skirt down. Too late, the boys in the trees overlooking the pathway just got the spectacle of their dreams. They cried out in joy as they saw all the varieties of underwear which the poor unsuspecting girls on the path had on them that day. Most eyes were on the panties she was wearing.

This wasn't a surprise, Lilly was a popular fantasy toy for the boys in the town. Several times when she had walked by them, she saw their disgusting thoughts of her partaking in various acts of Sadistic pleasure. She was putting one foot on a boys chest, giving him full view of the panties which they imagined she was wearing, a black lacy thong which barely covered her privates, and barraging him with insults as he writhed in pleasure at each word she threw at him. Lilly was thoroughly disgusted by this corrupted individual so she made it her goal to avoid him for the rest of the time she will spend in this city.

With her face burning from rage and embarrassment, her eyes took on a white fiery glow as she stared at the branch they were holding on to. In a matter of seconds a small white flame started burning away at it, it shot trough it like a laser and they fell, with the branch, onto the floor outside the school fences.

"That'll teach those festering balls of wasted ejaculate." She thought as she saw the boys fall to the ground. "Wait, that wind earlier. It wasn't natural, that was for sure. The forecast didn't predict strong winds at all. It must have been... but, it couldn't be?" Lilly had a sneaking suspicion what that wind could have been.

Wind magic.

"I'll have to stay on my guard. There could be one of them here." On high alert, she made her way towards the school building, walking a little faster than she was before.

Kara was still watching for a time as several of the girls were using there hands to push down their skirts. On the inside this filled Kara was a warm feeling she caught sight a pair of light blue ones with stars upon them. As Kara watched the girl push her skirt down she took in the sight of her she just looked upon. "She's beautiful" Kara had said aloud to herself. A small blush creeps onto her face she then took her eyes off the girl and looked at the others, With a look that said who cares if your embarrassed.

She suddenly became alert when she heard something crashing into the ground. Her her gaze she saw several of the boys who usually hung around the gates and outside of the school. Fall to the ground yet another part of her was also alert there was a faint trace of magic in the air. Looking around slowly she tried to find out where it had come from, But couldn't find out who could have used such magic.

A moment passed when a small burnt smell filled the air.

"It couldn't be, could it they have one here?"

Kara knew at once that who ever had used that magic was around somewhere for the magic the had used was.

Fire magic.

Walking away from the old oak tree Kara followed behind several of the others girls walking into the school building. She ended up a few feet behind the white hair girl who entered into the building and a moment later Kara entered right after her.

"Those damn panty perverts! How dare they peek at my underwear!" Ran through Lilly's mind as she walked down the school corridor to her form room, which was an English room.

She threw the door open, startling a few students who were already in there, she didn't even bother to close the door after her. She was in a foul mood at that moment in time, her eyes still held a small white fiery look in them. She practically threw her bag on the floor underneath her desk and dragged the chair out before sitting on it and dragging it back under.

"What are they looking at?!" She thought as she spied the girls looking in her direction. She quickly ran a surface thought check over the classroom. The girl who was looking at her phone before Lilly's entrance was now thinking about avoiding Lilly altogether today as she seemed in a foul mood. The girl talking to the one on the phone thought that Lilly just wanted attention with her entrance so she paid it no heed.

Lilly looked up at the clock over the whiteboard, the time read '8:15'. It was around 15 minutes before form was meant to start, so, trying to calm herself down as much as prevent boredom, she got out the book she was reading, the book was 'Sabriel' by Garth Nix, and proceeded to pick up where she left off the night before.

Kara had walked through the crowded hall of the school. She was still following behind the white haired girl who had entered into the classroom just a few moments before her. It seemed that they both were sharing their first period with each other, Right as Kara entered the room she heard a slamming sound and saw the girl throw her bag on the desk. It seemed like she was in a foul mood for some reason not knowing what it was Kara remained by the door silently watching her.

A moment later Kara finally entered and took a seat at the back of the room near the windows. She was only about two rows away from Lily she placed her own bag on the floor "why is she mad?" Kara thought to herself she had seen the look the Lily had given off to a few of the other students, but before sitting down Kara was the only one who returned the look with a emotionless expression.

Reaching down Kara opened her bag and took out her binder and started getting ready for class. Looking up at the clock herself it now read "8:20" and then at her beg she reached in and pulled out her own book entitled "Orion, Tears of Isha" by Darius Hinks opening the book Kara started reading from where she herself and last left off.

A couple of minutes later she looked up from her book and stared again at Lily. There was something about her that just filled Kara was a warm feeling which she couldn't explain. "maybe I should introduce myself we still have a few minutes before class begins" Kara thought.

Around 5 minutes later, Lilly could feel a gaze piercing into her. Wondering who would have the bravery to do such a thing to a girl who was feared and detested by most of her class, she looked up from her book and gazed around the classroom.

The two girls who had earlier been in the room were now sitting at their desks trying not to attract the gaze of Lilly. A few more students had entered the room, most of them seemed to know what kind of mood she was in so they avoided her like the plague. She finally looked to her left and saw, peeking over a book, a girl who she did not recognize.

Lilly knew almost everything about all the students who attended Evergreen, most of them looked to Sera Finance to pay for their child's tuition fee or had parents who were regulars to the various money-lending firms dotted around St Augusta, Sera Finance included. She practically knew everything about everyone, just not this one girl.

"Interesting...very interesting." She thought as she examined this girl more closely. She wasn't much to look at in Lilly's opinion, ringlets were extremely outdated to her. Plus, pink hair? That was just ridiculous. The only good feature about this girl was her blue eyes, which were partially hidden behind the top of the book. Not wanting to take any chances with anyone, she attempted to do a surface thought check over this mysterious girl.

Kara was still thinking about going over to the girl and at least saying hello. But stopped herself from doing so was this something she really wanted to do, In a way yes she wanted to still say hi but there was something about the girl that didn't seem quite right. It seemed that she was always in a foul mood from the stories that Kara had heard told about Lily. When she was walking in the hallway to the class room. She never had seen anyone around her before even though she had only first seen her today.

"Why, is someone like her always alone, or at least happy" Kara thought.

She was still looking over the top of her book at Lily she then shook her head. "Can it be that she doesn't want anyone around? I'm sure of that but maybe deep down she wants a friend?" Kara went on to think.. She returned to reading her book but her thoughts were still focused on Lily putting her book down on the desk. Kara took another moment to gaze upon her "I wonder what her name is?" Kara thought.

Lilly assessed the thoughts of the girl looking at her. The girl wondered why Lilly was always alone and practically never showing happiness. The girl assumed that Lilly didn't want anyone around but secretly wanted a friend.

"What does she take me for? A lonely girl who's too shy to make friends so therefore gets everyone to hate her? What a ridiculous notion that is!" Lilly thought in response to that bit about this mysterious girl revealed. Lilly later found out that this girl wished to know her name. "Names are power, things which I could do without other people knowing. It appears that the regular populace does not share that same thought with me."

However, this girl still interested Lilly. She wished to know more about her, like she does with the rest of the population of St Augusta. Maybe she should attempt to get this information the conventional way, through asking her? Not a chance. Words can be twisted and molded to what the sayer wants the recipient to hear. Thoughts, on the other hand, are less likely to be changed. She returned to reading her book, but still kept attempting at viewing this mysterious girl's thoughts.

She looked at her watch, the time read '8:25'.

"Only 5 more minutes..."

Kara didn't know what else to think "I wonder what's she truly like under all that anger and hate" Kara thought as she started putting her book away. She took one last look at the girl again wondering things about her. "Does the want she act truly make her happy? does she have any hobbies of interests" Kara went on the think. As she again thought of getting up to go talk to her but put that aside as the clock on the wall struck "8:30" the school's bell sounded by ringing meaning that the day had truly began.

Next in walked a small old man in his early 50's in was wearing a grey suit and tie. His name was Mr. Smith and he was a nice old man always going out of his way to help his students. With their school work or even problems of their own. Most of the kids liked him and were also sad to learn that this was his last year teaching at the school. "Ok, class today we begin a new school year and with that new years comes many new things" Mr. Smith went on to say as a few of the girls were listening to him.

"My class will be hard and challenging with many projects and assignments I'll say this now. You will need to form a group of one two people.this very day since you'll be getting your first assignment. Which is I want you to write me a short 1 page paper about your partner" Mr, Smith went on to say.

"Why is she so interested in me?! Can't she take a hint? The other students don't want anything to do with me so why is she different?!" Lilly was starting to lose her patience with the girl. She was about to find some way to get her to hate her when the bell rang.

The teacher walked in, opening up a perfect opportunity for her to get this new second shadow off her back. No teacher here would dare touch her, regardless of what she may do. Her family name protected her from anything. Nobody wanted to get on the bad side of the Sera family, lest they lose everything they've ever owned.

The teacher droned on, reciting his usual spiel about "New Years" and "New Starts". A load of pointless jargon, Lilly thought. The teacher then went on about what their first assignment would be. Paired work?! Lilly hated anything which required her to have to be civil to anybody, most of all paired work. Most of her previous 'partners' were too scared of her to actually contribute to the work, which left Lilly doing it all by herself. She had to delay this some way, while thinking up a way to get the strange girl to hate her. She remembered something, the thing which she hated answering every lesson. The register! She knew just what she would do.

"Sir. I do believe you may be going senile, not that I care. I do believe that the policy of the school dictates that, before any class work can take place, the register must be read out to count attendance. Am I wrong, Sir?" Lilly stated.

Mr. Smith was still rambling on and on about things when he heard Lily speak up interrupting his train of speech. :"Normally you are right but I thought about starting differently today young lady" He said as he quickly finished up his speech and started. To take attendance finally Kara took all this in as she watched the events unfold before her.

"Just what is she thinking" Kara thought.

Did this girl really want to get into trouble that badly? even on her first day of school. Kara's train of thought was broken when the teacher spoke up once again.

'Ok students I want you to get started right away" he pointed out.

He looked over at Lily.

"I'd like you to see me after class young lady" Mr. Smith told her.

Kara heard all this as students were starting to slowly form into groups Kara only laughed. "So, she did wanna get into trouble"Kara thought. She was still laughing to herself as by now most of the class had partners except both Lily and Kara were still with out someone.

"Oh, Lily, Kara seeing as you two are to last two students alone you shall be in a group" he told them.

Hearing the teacher just disregard her statement so freely cause Lilly to panic a little.

"What?! Does this guy wish to lose his job?!"

She heard the teacher send everyone off to work, he then turned to Lilly and requested that he sees her after class. She just smiled and said.

"If you wish, Sir." She said the last word in a sarcastic way. The teacher then paired her up with the only other student who didn't have a group. The girl who was regarding her over the book she was reading this morning. She didn't want to pair up with this girl called Kara, so she thought quickly.

"Must I work with her? I'd prefer to do this alone. Why must we work as a group? What good will that do us?" She asked, slightly panicked. If this failed, she'd be stuck with her for the rest of the school year, she thought.

While Kara remained in her seat watching the events unfold the other students stopped what they were doing. And also started to watch wondering how things were going to go down between Lily and the teacher.

Mr. Smith her the sarcastic way Lily had said "Sir" and got mad a little.

"You, better show some respect elders Lily the next time I hear anything like that again you will come up here and get a public spanking" he told her.

"Evergreen" was allowed to deliver whatever punishments the teachers wanted to on the students who broke the rules in any manner they saw fit. It wasn't uncommon the the girls to get spanking for just saying something wrong even showing a teacher disrespect normally would send a girl right up there. But since this was the first day Mr. Smith was being nice in a certain way.

He was about to speak up again when Kara was the one who broke the silence.

"Do, you think I wanted to be paired up with a snobby girl like you!" Kara told Lily as she got to her feet. "How do you think I feel like I want to spend my time with someone who goes flashing all the boys their underwear" Kara said.

Several of the girl in the room started laughing at hearing this.

"Yeah, we saw that she did flash them" a young girl named Amber said.

"Try it! See where that gets you! Do you know what happens to people who get on the wrong side of the Sera family?! All it will take is one word to my Mother and you'll be without anything, not even the clothes on your back!" Lilly shot back to this threat from the teacher.

She turned when she heard Kara speak up. Her face turned red with rage and humiliation when she heard Kara mention about the underwear flashing which Lilly didn't want to take part in.

"W-what did you say?!" Lilly retorted, the white fire in her eyes starting to show again. "How dare you say that! By no means would I ever wish to partake in such a despicable act! You may be a common trollop who would wish to do that but I certainly am not!"

She heard the girls laughing. She shot a death glare back at them. She then heard a girl speak up, she turned to her and shouted back. "S-so did you!" She turned back to the rest of the class. "So did all of you! Why would anyone, save for trollops, voluntarily flash their underwear to boys?! It was the WIND! You all felt that gust!"

Lilly was flustered, she didn't know what to do.

The teacher was about to reply back to her when he remained silent. He knew just how powerful the Sera family was she wanted to push in on the matter but knew in doing so, Would truly see him fired or much worse though it it was the Ravenclaw family he was upsetting he would most likely end up dead at some point.

"Forgive me": he stammered.

"Hey, look she's blushing" Nikki called out.

Some more of the class started laughing at Lily, Kara joined the as she watched what happened. "You heard me" Kara told her she then fell silent as she listened to the rest of what Lily had to say. "Trollop how dare you call me that" Kara snapped in reply she at first was enjoying this while also feeling sorry for Lily but that started to change. "To even think a noble lady of the Ravenclaw family would even do such a thing when you yourself started the entire flashing show" Kara screamed back.

"Oh. the wind blame it on the wind" Nicole called out.

"Hey, maybe she'll give us another she quick someone open a window" some one shouted.

"ENOUGH" roared Mr. Smith as he slammed a ruler down on his desk. Getting the classes attention "Lily and Kara main office right now" Mr. Smith yelled in anger.

The laughter was increasing, along with Lilly's humiliation.

"Damn that girl! She started all this! Why aren't they picking on her?!" Lilly thought, her anger and humiliation rising still.

She thought she heard the teacher talk again, she couldn't make out what he said, all she could hear was the laughter of the other students.

It appeared that Lilly calling this new rival a trollop evoked quite the reaction. Finally, something else to focus on. She listened intently as the angry Kara shouted a response to Lilly's pokes.

"Me?! I started it?! Are you right in the head? A girl of the Sera family is sure to have more dignity than the Ravenclaws. Are those drill bits on the side of your head affecting your ability to think logically?! Know your place, cur!" Lilly retorted angrily.

She heard more shouts and jibs from the other students, but she ignored them, her full focus rested on this pink haired girl in front of her.

She was about to further insult Kara when she heard a loud bang and a shout. Lilly practically jumped out of her skin, all anger lost, she stood there, gently shaking in fright as the teacher continued. He demanded Kara and herself to go straight to the main office.

"F-fine!" Was all Lilly could reply, her voice cracking a little from the shock.

Kara had a smirk on her face clearly she was enjoying watched Lily being humiliated, In front of the class she then heard as Lily spoke to her again calling her a curl and that she should know her place. The insult on her hair sent Kara off as she cried out in anger.

"At least I don't dress up like a tramp like you and go flashing all the boys in hopes of getting them alone. So that I can preform sexual favors on them which I'm sure you do" Kara told Lily. in a angry tone of voice.

She was about to insult Lily further when she to heard the loud bang scaring her out of what she had planned. It seemed it was saying that she long with Lily needed to go up to the main office. "Ok sir" Kara replied quietly shaking slightly herself she reached down and started putting her binder back into her bag before heading to the door and walking out of the classroom.

Kara stood outside waiting for Lily to arrive "the nerve of that girl how dare she humiliate me like that" Kara thought. Her face turning red if the teacher had not stopped her Kara would have attacked Lily on the spot.

Lilly picked up her bag and put her book back inside. She then stormed off out of the classroom and into the hallway.

"What an infuriating girl! How dare she call me a tramp and make me a laughing stock of the whole class!" Lilly was fuming with rage now, her eyes were definitely burning with white fire. She wanted to put that girl in her place and burn those disgusting drills off her pretty little head. She managed to refrain, with great difficulty as she stood in the hallway, not even looking at the girl who she despised.

"I'll get that girl one day! I'll make her regret that she ever humiliated me!"

Kara heard the door to the classroom open and then close behind her it most mean. That Lily was now outside in the hallway with her. "It's this way" Kara said quietly not even bothering to face her she started off down the hall. As the bell rang which signaled that it was the end of the first period kids were starting to leave their classes and move about to getting. To their second period normally Kara had math this period but she was going to miss that now,

Since having her fight with Lily while walking down the crowded hallway Kara thought.

"This isn't what I needed right now I'm actually scared what will the headmaster do to us" Kara thought it was also known that the headmaster depending on the type of. Trouble the girls of his school got into handed out his own dead of punishments. Kara didn't know what to think at this point.

A few minutes later she reached the main office doors standing outside her eyes misted a bit."I'm scared" Kara thought as she then pushed open the doors and walked inside.

Lilly was scared. Never before, regardless of what she had done, was she ever sent to any form of punishment beside the odd occasional detention. She feared just what might happen to her, what manner of punishment was she going to get? She was shaking a little more with fear.

She heard the hated girl call out to her and walk down the corridor. Not wanting to seem weak in front of her enemy, she managed to get her fear under control momentarily and went off after her.

By now, the first lesson had ended and students were starting to file out of the classrooms.

"Great! Just great!" Lilly thought, she didn't need this right now. She hated crowds. She tried to make it look like she herself was just going to her next lesson to not make the other students believe otherwise.

Finally, she arrived at the Headmaster's office. All fear returned. She stood shaking a little ways off from where Kara was standing, back to her.

Kara had entered into the Headmaster's office. Which was in the shape of a small study. Books shelves lined the ways which were filled with many books. A single oak desk sat into the middle of the room. atop of the desk were pieces of paper and photos of his family. He was busy doing something when he noticed Kara enter followed by Lily soon after.

"Ah, yes Kara Raven claw and Lily Sera please stand in front of my desk I know why your here" he said in a professional tone. Kara walked slowly to the front of his desk the feeling of helplessness filled her she moved her lower body around in a squirming motion. Fearing what he was going to do to her. She reached his desk and stood before it the man behind the desk push back his chair and got to his feet. He was dressed in a pure black business suit and had cold blue eyes and sandy blond hair.

He was known to his students as Mr. Goldmen he was a man of few words he let his punishments speak for themselves. In what he picked out to do the girls He walked over to the wall and picked up a rather large bamboo stick he swung it forward twice,

"I don;t like it when people treat their elders badly" Mr. Goldmen told them he began to walk around the trio. "You girls are suppose to act lady-like your both for high ranking noble families and you act like spoiled children" Mr. Goldmen yelled as he slammed the bamboo stick on his desk he looked over at Kara then over at Lily. "Each of you will get ten lashes across your backsides for your little outburst in class today do I make myself clear" Mr. Goldmen said.

Kara nodded her head she had started crying at this point. "Now Lily I want you to take Kara hear and hold her arms tightly so she can't let go" he told her before thinking of what next to say. "You will hold Kara still as her skirt is lifted and her underwear is lowered so that I can make start with her punishment understood?" he asked.

Lilly was visibly shaking at this point, her heart was beating twice as fast as it normally was. She tentatively followed the Headmaster's orders and stepped towards his desk. She kept her head down and her eyes closed.

When the Headmaster slammed his stick down onto his desk, Lilly let out a small cry of fear. She was like a terrified deer looking into an approaching car's head lamps. She could feel the fear aggravating her bladder, causing her to need to urinate, regardless of the fact that she went toilet before coming to school.

"Yes Sir..." Lilly managed to croak out through her fear. All of her previous rage and confidence were shattered by the sound of the bamboo stick being slammed on the table. The sound, reverberating around the room, was similar to that of thunder, one thing that Lilly feared the most. She felt like bursting into tears until she heard that Kara was going to get punished first.

She complied with the Headmasters demands, a small smile appearing on her face. "As you wish, Headmaster." Her confidence had returned. She held Kara's arms firmly and whispered to her.

"I'm going to enjoy this."

Kara felt as Lily took hold of her arms firmly and held them tight in her grasp. She felt herself being pushed up against the desk she tried to fight free both Lily's grip was like iron. "Once I'm done you will get the same thing ok Lily" he pointed out as he reached down with both hands and started to push Kara's skirt up to her waist. Kara was crying opening in fear right now as she felt her skirt being tucked against her waist showing off her green and white striped panties. To both the Headmaster and Lily she then felt the cold room air touch her butt as her panties were lowered to about her knees.

"Now Kara I want you to count along with each hit do you understand. Kara said nothing "do you understand me Ms Ravenclaw" he snapped at her Kara nodded weakly she was crying louder now as she heard' Lily tell her she'd enjoy this. Ever so suddenly the Headmaster swung the bamboo cane right at Kara's butt it struck her right on her right cheek causing her to cry out in pain. "1" Kara sobbed out as she felt the next one strike her left cheek.

Kara tried to get herself free from Lily's grip again because being it felt like someone punching her really hard in the chest. Kara had said two at the point as she was starting to feel the effects on her bladder a third and a fourth blow landing on her buttocks. Causing her to cry out in pain a fifth blow landed and Kara forgot to say five.

"Shall I start over again since you forgot to keep counting" He yelled.

Kara sobbed louder as she felt him strike her again this time right over both cheeks. Sending a painful spam to her bladder causing a squirt of fresh urine to shot out of her and land. Right into the crotch area of her panties. "you forgot to say six this will cost you dearly Kara" he placed both hand on the cane. And swung it with such force that when it struck Kara it caused her to scream and sob in such pain.

That large squirt of fresh urine shot out of her urethra and land upon her panties on now the floor. "How disgusting a girl your age wetting herself for that you will get five more" He said. Striking her several more times each time was much stronger than the last. Her bladder contents were filling up quickly she feared the may have an accident right here on now. It was all due to how scared she felt along with the juice she had drank before school this morning/

Kara was so embarrassed and was crying so loud when the last blow had struck her. The contents of her bladder burst sending afresh stream of urine to flow out of her body and soak her panties and form a puddle upon the floor.

Kara didn't make a move to even pull up her panties at once the Headmaster was done with her. She just remained sobbing she her lower butt burned with pain and her peach could clearly be seen by both Lily and the Headmaster.

Shaking his head he smacked her with the cane one final time. Before stopping he told Lily to release Kara "Now, Kara you will stand by my desk and hold Lily's arms in the same grip as she held you" he said as Kara said nothing and nodded her head "You will also not even dare to touch or even rub your butt in anyway to help against the pain do I make my self clear" he told her.

"Yes, Headmaster"

"Yes Headmaster." Lilly said, back to her less confident self.

With each strike of the cane on Kara, Lilly's smile increased. She loved watching the one who got them both in this mess react to the pain of the strikes by crying like a baby. The next thing which Kara did after the sixth strike really made Lilly happy.

Upon the sixth strike, Lilly could see Kara's panties become wet with urine. After the next few strikes, it appeared that Kara had completely lost control over her bladder.

"Such a baby, a little pain shouldn't cause you to lose control. Show some dignity, drill girl!" Lilly taunted Kara.

The punishment finished and Kara was now crying a lot more.

"What a baby." Lilly stated matter-of-factly as she grinned at the state her enemy was now in.

She heard the Headmaster dismiss Kara from the punishment and hold Lilly's wrists the way she held hers. Lilly didn't want to go through with the punishment so she tried to think of something to prevent her from having to withstand such humiliation.

Kara was still crying as she knew what was to come next at this point she had managed to pull. Her wet soaked panties up feeling the wetness come into contact with her sore backside, Caused Kara to flinch in pain and start crying again. During the whole deal she heard Lily taunting her that caused her to look at the floor in shame. As she remembered what was said to her she walked over to Lily and grabbed her arms with both hands.

Digging her nails into her flesh rather hard she looked into Lily's eyes. Giving her a look of such evil and hate a small trace of magic flashed across her eyes. Kara then pulled Lily over to the Headmaster's desk and pushed her forward until she struck it. Still crying Kara pulled Lily's arms forward until they were both on the desk.

"Now, you'll know the pain and humiliation I felt I'm going to savor this moment" Kara whispered to Lily her words were like ice.

The Headmaster reached down and started to lift up Lily's skirt.

After a quick survey of the room, Lilly knew what she'd do. With no resistance, she let herself be dragged by Kara to the Headmaster's desk, this gave her a perfect view of what she needed. The small pain in her wrists, caused by Kara's digging nails, also gave her the means to act out her plan.

Kara spoke to her in a cold voice, attempting to taunt her and humiliate her, more ammunition. She took in the words with a smile on her face.

"Oh, really? You think so?" Lilly answered back quiet enough for only Kara to hear.

She felt her skirt lift up, the final pieces were all stepping into place. While the Headmaster was distracted, he wouldn't see what she was going to do. Lilly's blue star pattern panties were revealed to the world.

Perfect.

Her panties were slowly pulled down, Lilly changed her gaze to the curtains on the windows behind the desk. The Headmaster lifted up his cane, Lilly concentrated on the curtains, a small white fire burning in her eyes. The cane was raised higher, Lilly stayed looking at the curtains, concentrating on the fire in her eyes. Finally....

Smack!

The cane hit its target, Lilly let out a small cry of pain. From her eyes, a near invisible spark of fire shot out and hit the curtains igniting them instantly.

"It'll take a little while, maybe three hits more for the alarm to go off." Lilly thought as she counted out the first hit.

Kara was almost angry that Lily didn't seem to offer anything in a way of fighting her off. Like she had done earlier herself yet before she heard then as Lily spoke to only her return.

"Yes, I do to see you in such a taste will be sweet revenge to my eyes little ###" Kara said back.

As she moved her face closer to Lily's.

"But don't worry I'm sure that it will be painful" Kara dug her fingers further into Lily's arms hoping to draw blood,

She heard the first smack of stick against Lily's rear having pulled back to see it. A smile kept onto her face this was what she wanted to see her enemy between and humiliated before her. The Headmaster swung the stick a second and then a third time, Each hit was like music to Kara's ears when the Headmaster got ready for the fourth hit,

The curtains behind the desk suddenly ignited sending up a roaring small fire.

"What the hell" the Headmaster yelled out as she dropped the stick just after hitting Lily's bottom for a fourth time.

He ran over and to the alarm system at the front of his office and hit the button. A ringing sound suddenly started buzzing as the fire Lily had started quickly rushed up the curtains.

Kara who was enjoying what she was seeing before suddenly let go of Lily. After noticing the fire that was burning on the curtains.

"No, No!!!" Kara screamed.

The Headmaster grabbed both the girls arms and shoved them to the doors.

"Get out of here now" he yelled at them as she went back to reaching for a a fire extinguisher. He soon found one in a small closet and set it loose on the blaze in his office.

Lilly withstood the pain of each strike. She could now tell why Kara was crying when she was receiving this punishment, Lilly herself could barely hold back her tears. Each strike caused Lilly to let out more cries of pain, until the third strike. Upon the third strike hitting her, Lilly's opinion on this punishment changed.

Something strange filled her up, it was a warm feeling that started in the pit of her stomach, it soon spread out around her body and the pain seemed to disappear. The pain was being transformed into enjoyment. Lilly's cries of pain stopped and were replaced by barely audible moans of pleasure. She loved the last strike.

"How could she hate this? This is great!" Lilly thought as the final strike hit her. Her feeling of ecstasy was broken when she felt herself being pushed towards the main door.

She now remembered where she was. A smell of burning fabric filled the room and a wailing alarm could be heard. She looked towards the windows and found that the curtains were on fire. Only now did she remember what she did. The Headmaster shouted for Lilly and Kara to leave. Without a second thought, Lilly pulled up her panties and pushed her skirt back down and headed out of the door.

Her wrists were stinging a little so she looked down to find small nail marks in a half circle shape across her wrists, they were bleeding a little.

"How did I get these?" She thought, bemused by the marks on her wrists.

Kara had exited The Headmaster's office and was standing out in the hallway. Students and teachers were busy heading towards the emergency exits of the building. It was actual chaos inside their as people wondered what was going on and tried to regain some control. Over what was happening.

"I will not stand for this, I will not stand for this" Kara's mind screamed.

She had been enjoying seeing Lily's pain and suffering she even had pictured herself. As the one whom was spanking her but that fantasy was shattered once the curtains caught fire. Kara was shaking in pure rage right then she stood next to several windows lining the main hallway.

"I wanted her to suffer, I wanted hear more of her crying I wanted to hear her beg for it to stop" Kara screamed in pure anger a sudden flash of magic seemed to course through her body. Her eyes seemed to sparkle and flash for a brief moment when suddenly each of the windows next to Kara seemed to shatter.

Into pieces sending razors of glass flying into the hall as a small gale force went seemed to suddenly. Come out of no where some of the glass struck some of the girls and even teachers causing them to cry out in surprise and pain as. Small or large cuts opened up on them several others were suddenly sent flying into the walls or lockers that lined the hallway.

Bodies seemed to line the floor all around her as a moment later the magic that had been unleashed from Kara. Vanished with out a trace she looked around at the damage around her and simply walked right down the hallway with out bothering to even see if anyone was ok.

Lilly still stared at her wrists, not sure as to what had happened after she set the curtains alight. She looked up after a short while and saw students and teachers all running in panic towards the fire exits.

"I thought fire evacuation was meant to be an orderly process and not a mad gaggle of people all running for their lives." Lilly thought as she herself casually walked in the direction of the fire exits. However, her walk was disrupted by the random explosion of the windows. Lilly jumped in shock at this.

She focused and a firewall appeared around her, melting away any shards of glass that came towards her.

"What the...?" She felt the hum of magic in the air. "I knew it! There's another one like me here!"

The magic faded as randomly as it had appeared. She looked around to see if she could find that girl, she couldn't. Where could she have gone? Most of the other people in the hallway were unconscious.

"I'll find you, mark my words!" Lilly then proceeded to do a thought check over the hallway, stretching to around 30 feet in the surrounding area. She'll find her one way or the other, she still had a score to settle.

Kara seemed to keep on walking down the hall ignoring those people who were now starting to. Get things under control as the teachers and students were starting to head outside in a orderly line, Yet just as she reached a junction in the hallway she felt that faint hint of magic in the air once again.

"Just, like before but where?" Kara thought.

She looked around but saw only other students and teachers she didn't feel a trace of where the magic had come from. As the hallway where she stood started to clear up Kara remained where she was standing under she was completely alone.

"I know their here I will find them!" Kara yelled.

The very air around her seemed to suddenly blow around her forming a mini tornado that covered her body. As just as the tornado of wind appeared it died down for a change had come over Kara. She wears a pitch black undershirt covered by a long sleeved shirt with blood red linings, which stops about waist length. A short pleated black skirt that is made of silk and has blood red linings. It reaches to about mid-thigh two plated wrist guards, reaching to about half her forearms. Black fingerless gloves cover her hands, and the set is finished with black shoes with red gems. A tiara upon her forehead, golden in color with a blood red ruby in its very center. Hanging down on strings all across the tiara was what looked like a bunch of beautiful, powerful looking gems. But other then this, something apparently dark was about this particular girl.

The wind form before didn't have the same effect like what had shattered the windows. Near The Headmasters office in fact everything in the hallway remained unharmed.

"I know your here, show yourself!: Kara snapped.

A single razor of wind shot out from around her body in the form of a small crescent blade that seemed to strike the ceiling cutting into it for five feet sending glass and debris raining down into the hallway.

The thought check yielded no results, she must have been out of range. "Damn it!"

Lilly walked down the windswept hallway, stepping around the unconscious bodies on the floor, believing that some will notice this and call the emergency services. Her footsteps made no sound on the concrete floor, it was almost like she was walking on cushions of air. A small fiery glow appeared around each of her footfalls. The atmosphere was peaceful, until a loud crumbling sound could be heard from an off shoot hallway.

"It has got to be the other magician!" Lilly thought as she stopped still. She closed her eyes and focused on the flow of magic in her body. White fire consumed her.

The fire died down in sections, revealing an alteration in Lilly.

On her head rested a pair of white cat ears which seemed to have been formed from Lilly's own bangs. The small sleeping cat hairpin she was wearing wasn't there any more. The intensity of the flames died down a little more, uncovering a white half blazer with red buttons and a flame pattern on its short sleeves, Lilly now appeared to be wearing white spaulders embellished with red thread forming the shapes of various rune symbols. The half blazer ended just above Lilly's stomach. Underneath it, Lilly was wearing a pure white leotard with more flame patterns and rune symbols on, over the bottom of the leotard rested a near translucent white mini-skirt edged with red thread.

Just above Lilly's rear, a white cat tail seemed to be waving around in the thermal currents created by the flames. On the top half of each arm pure white armbands in the shapes of flames rested, the tips of the flames pointing towards Lilly's shoulders. Her hands were covered by pure white fingerless gloves with flames on, they seemed to emanate their own heat. On her feet she now wore white socks and ankle high white boots. Her boots had white flame spurs on the backs of them and the soles seemed to burn with white fire. Lilly's transformation was now complete and the fire died down to cinders.

Lilly sprinted in the direction of the noise, no sound could be heard from her steps.

She made her way down the corridor another razor blade of wind shot out followed by another.She blade of went seemed to slice up either the floor or the walls sending more debris. Falling to the floor Kara seemed to float up several inches above the floor a pair of leathery black wings upon her back told enough that she was far from what she seems. They seemed to have appeared moments after the second blade of wind was created. With a small flap of her wings Kara flew down the hallway.

"I know your here!" Kara yelled out,

Kara looked down to her right hand suddenly in a form of white magical energy her weapon appeared. Zephyr was given to Kara as a gift from his mother and father. The blade is made up of various white emeralds and green crystals; a white aura is usually around the blade. Along the center of the blade is small animal like cravings. The metal blade is extremely sharp on both sides. Along the edges of the blade there is a slight tint of black ruby. Zephyr is extremely light and easily maneuverable. It has a jeweled hilt, with a ruby on one side, and a quartz on the other. It has a gem carved on each side of the blade... The blade seems to be white, but some attacks can make the blade of this weapon turn into a prism color The hilt of the blade, like most others, is made out of some type of white crystal, but it has some type of emblem in the middle of the hilt; this emblem looks somewhat like an angel.

"Moon Fang" Kara called out as she fired off a concentrated blast of wind from the tip of the blade in the shape of a crescent moon. The much larger blaze of wind tore down the hallway until it slammed into a wall.

More crashing and crumbling could be heard as Lilly made her way towards the origin of the noises. She flicked both of her wrists down and small daggers appeared in each of her hands. The daggers were slightly curved in shape and they had a white fire surrounding them, the hilts were pure white and the pommel was in the shape of a flame.

Debris from the destruction shot along the hallway, Lilly jumped onto the wall to her left and seemed to be running along the wall, this allowed her to avoid the first wave of rocks and glass. She jumped back down and continued her sprint. A large piece of rock shot towards her from the same direction, this was too big to avoid so Lilly stood her ground, slowing down her movements until the rock was just within jumping distance. Her blades glowed and she dived towards the rock, white flames surrounded her body. She sliced the rock in half and landed on the over side of it.

"She certainly is loud." Lilly thought as she heard the shouts from the mysterious intruder a little ways up the corridor.

A huge crescent shaped gust of wind tore down the corridor a little later, it was impossible to avoid and impossible to cut through, Lilly concluded. Instead, she continued her sprint and as soon as she thought she could make the distance, she blinked out of sight, turning invisible with a wave of white fire. She appeared a little ways behind it and continued her sprint. Her quarry was just a little further ahead of her, she could see her silhouette.

Kara had now landed gently upon the ground she was busy watching the effect her latest attack. She started forward again down the path she was traveling until she reached. The area where her attack had torn through the wall yet as she was looking she again felt it the same magic. Again but this time it seemed stronger than before and was close by yet Kara wasn't sure of where it was coming from she turned around in a slow circle trying.

To find out where the magic was coming from but down one was there. Kara started forward again and thought about another attack to use but stopped.

"To scared to show yourself?" Kara called out.

She waited for a for some kind of reply but didn't hear anything. Yet she didn't know that Lily was coming up behind her as she started down the corridor once again.

Lilly saw movement up ahead. "Found you!" She quickened her pace, still soundlessly moving. She jumped onto the wall again and wall hiked her way towards the retreating figure. When she was within jumping distance, she heard the figure speak. Too scared to show herself? What joke did she mean with that?

Lilly dived off the wall and blinked away on white flames again, she reappeared just behind the figure a little ways in the air.

"What a joke!" She shouted out in response as she proceeded to do a downward slash with both her daggers onto the figure beneath her.

Kara was still walking down the hallway not knowing that Lily had suddenly appeared behind her. She heard shouted out "What a joke!" right as two daggers slashed down into her both her wings. Kara suddenly screamed out in pain having been taken completely by surprise she felt the daggers cut into her drawing blood staggering forward Kara turned around little drop lips of red blood fell to the floor forming tiny red pools.from where Lily's attack had struck her.

"Finally you show yourself! she shouted in return.

A strong gust of wind ripped down the corridor as Kara rose into the air the wind blew stronger and stronger blowing at her skirt revealing a pair of red and black frilly panties underneath her skirt. As the wind grew stronger Kara's movements seemed to move faster. It seemed that she was riding the wind currents making it now harder for Lily to see her Kara would appear in one place then the other.

Not staying in one place for to long she closed the distance between them and rose her blade into the air. Before appearing to Lily's right side slicing her blade downwards right at her side and arm.

Lilly grew a little complacent with the first strike being hers. She watched as the winged girl in front of her staggered a little after being struck.

The girl shouted something in reply before disappearing into practical nothingness.

"Coward! Quit running around!" Lilly shouted as she saw the girl randomly appear and disappear at sporadic intervals. Lilly took this momentary running as a chance to change her weapon. The daggers disappeared into white fire, the flames then took on the shape of a shortbow. The shaft of the bow was white with a red line down the middle and it had small fires burning at each end. She pulled the string back and an arrow of pure fire appeared as the string gained more resistance. She was about to fire the arrow when she saw her target disappear again.

"Time for some lucky shots." She thought as she fired the arrow to where she thought the girl would materialize, it hit nothing but stone. She felt a strong wind appear to her right side she quickly turned to find her attacker slashing down at Lilly's arms. She quickly dived out of the way, but the blow still managed to land, scraping her arm and causing Lilly to let out a stifled cry. Blood started to trickle out of the wound. Biting back the pain, she aimed another arrow at her attacker.

"Stay in one place, damn you!" She shouted as she let the arrow fly towards its target.

Kara still moved back and forth not giving Lily a chance to form any sort of counterattack. She laughed with pure joy as she felt her blade bite into Lily's arm. "let me hear more of your sweet voice" She reappeared in front of Lily but backed off a few feet she brought her up her sword and gave the tip a lick tasting Lily's sweet blood. She saw as her weapons changed to form into a bow Kara again did the same moments as before.

She got within range again of Lily but as the last second just as she was about to blur again she felt an arrow bite into her left side. Snarling in pain as a show quickly pulled the arrow from her chest. Kara decided to try something different the air around her grew stronger again. As Kara's image seemed to blur again and vanish only to reappear back about five feet away she was holding her blade pointed at Lily. "Blade Wind" Zephyr started to glow white with magic.

Yet the image before Lily wasn't the real form of Kara it was more of a reflection of her for the real Kara was behind Lily doing the same thing. She was trying to trick Lily into attack the one in front of her and not knowing Kara was behind her. She brought her blade down shooting off a blade of wind at her.

Seeing her target so close, Lilly decided to ditch the idea of trying to shoot an arrow. Instead, she decided to use some magic.

The air around Lilly was increasing in temperature and the ground beneath her seemed to bubble like magma. The bubbling grew more fierce until the ground was practically at boiling point.

"Inferno!" Lilly shouted out the the ground beneath her turned into a pillar of white flames that covered Lilly, making her invisible to her attacker. She didn't use the move as an attack, she used it as a distraction. using the flames she was coated in, Lilly quickly dived to the side of her attack and changed her bow into a double sided sword, it looked like both her dagger had been merged together, and struck at her.

"No more tricks!" She angrily stated as she slashed.

It seemed that the attack that Kara had cast upon her was quickly. Blocked with a roaring pillar of flame that suddenly. Appeared around her body blocking Kara from seeing her. Kara caught sight of Lily again her weapons changed forms again into that of a double bladed sword.

"Your one to talk" Kara snapped.

She saw the blade move towards her and smiled for she knew what to do "Vanish" Kara called out. For Lily's sword seemed to strike Kara but instead of causes the object to be absorbed into the Kara's body so that it may be neither seen nor represent an obstacle for beings who may want to pass through it.

Which in fact it did the blade passed through Kara leaving her unharmed. As she thrust her blade forward at Lily's right thigh.

Lilly gasped in shock as her blade seemed to pass through the girl without even leaving as much as a scratch on her. she then saw her thrust her sword towards Lilly's thigh, the blow struck home. Lilly cried out in pain as it burned through her leg.

She noticed that she was pinned down now as the blade sliced cleanly through her leg, thinking up on the moment, Lilly knew what she'd do next. She placed her free hand onto the blade's hilt and called out,

"Explode!"

A ball of fire detonated in Lilly's hand, shattering the blade's segment in her leg and cauterizing her wound. She stood up now, staggered a little and prepared to strike again.

The part of Kara's blade that was still stuck within Lily's leg seemed to explode and shatter. Sending a piece flying cutting deeply into her shoulder. Staggering backwards Kara dropped her sword letting it fall to the ground she cried out in pain. Bringing her hand to her shoulder she saw fresh blood running upon her fingers.

"We, end this here and now" Kara screamed.

Jumping backwards several feet Kara started to call forth her strongest magic spell. She started moving her hands around rapidly and started creating a mini tornado between the palms of her hands the force of the wind was growing stronger and stronger. "Flap your wings Fafnir" A giant tornado in the shape of a dragon shot out of Kara's hands and headed right towards Lily.

Lilly was about to strike while the girl was dazed from the explosion but as soon as she made the motion, the girl dived back and shouted that this was going to be brought to an end.

"Had enough already, weakling? I've barely broke a sweat!" Lilly taunted. All her confidence was shattered when she saw a giant wind dragon head towards her.

She quickly called up a wall of white fire, this should muffle the blow and give her a chance to fight back. There was no escape from this. She could feel the wind tear away at her as it passed though the firewall. Once the wind had finished, Lilly could barely stand, she was covered in cuts and grazes from the tornado dragon. She had just enough strength in her for one final attack.

"I refuse to lose!"

"Guardian of the plane of fire. answer the call of the flame. Burn those who will defile our glow. Come forth, Ifrit!" Lilly called out as a huge pillar of white flame appeared before her. Once the flames died down, a huge molten demon appeared in front of her. The demon created a enormous ball of fire in its hands and then hurled it at the girl.

"If I'm going down, you're coming with me!" Lilly shouted to the girl.

Lowering her hands slowly Kara was breathing hard that last attack had drained. Her lot of her magic she smiled as she saw the results her attack had on Lily."Had enough yet?" Kara asked mockingly but her tone of voice changed as she saw Lily was still standing on her feet.

"Why won't you fall!"

She gasped as she saw Lily summon forth a giant flame demon that appeared before her. Only for the demon to send it at her by having it release a large ball of fire at her. Kara only watched as it drew nearer to her not having enough time Kara had one last option left. With her remaining power started on her last spell "Bone Gale" Kara gathers the wind between her hands then shoots two tornados at her target that passed on either side of the ball of flame.shooting for Lily.

"You will fall!"

Was Kara's last words as the ball of flame slammed into her causing her to let out a god-awful scream of pain as she felt the very flames cover her body burning her fair skin and wings. Still screaming Kara was knocked off her feet and thrown into a wall. With bone breaking force she felt two of her ribs break upon impact. As she coughed up blood and was still screaming as the flames washed over her burning away parts of her skin and wings.

Pleased with her result, Lilly let the tornadoes consume her. Stalemates were better than Checkmates, at least. The pain of the tornadoes was intense, it ripped apart her outfit and cut deeply into her skin, leaving her with many wounds. She hadn't the strength left to scream, as soon as the tornadoes finished their razing, Lilly fell to the ground.

She slipped into the inky blackness which swept over her eyes...

"Finally, a worthy opponent..." Lilly's last thoughts rang as her mind went blank.

Kara still had a tiny bit of magic left not knowing weather her foe would attack one last time. Kara cast her spell she suddenly disappeared in a flash of white light. Appearing on top of the school she had returned to normal with the outfit she had been wearing before her fight began. Coughing up blood Kara leaned against the wall.

"Finally someone to bring out the best in me" Kara thought.

As blackness creeped into her vision and she passed out.

When Lilly awoke, she was in some sort of moving vehicle. Through the hazy blackness she could just barely see a figure standing over a table of some sort, looking for something. She looked at her body, she was lying on a bed with several tubes sticking into her arms and a large mask of sorts over her mouth.

The mask, as far as she could see, attached to a canister of some sort. She concluded this to be an oxygen tank. The tubes in her arms attached to a drip. She finally had a rough idea where she was. She was in the back of an Ambulance. Her whole body ached and her head with heavy, she would have sat up if she didn't fear that she'll fall over again. Thinking of nothing else, she lay on the bed and closed her eyes again. She was in no state to answer questions, should the paramedic wish to ask any.

When Kara awoke, she was in a similar moving vehicle like Lily but was a not in the sameone. She could only see blurs of people around her and hear muffled voices from the people talking around her.she didn't bother to move and lay there as her own oxygen mask was placed over her own mouth.helping her to breath easier.

Blackness seemed to creep up on her again as it filled the corners of her eyes. "I'll find her again and make her pay" Kara thought as a coughing fit suddenly happened she spit up fresh blood before passing out once again.

Through her self-decided blackness, Lilly felt herself being moved off the Ambulance and rushed into the Hospital, she heard many voices all calling out at once for many different reasons. She didn't bother to try and decode what each person was saying. Her head felt like it had been through a wringer. She stayed laying on her stretcher.

"I wouldn't mind to fight her again and finish what I started." Lilly thought through the pain in her head.

A slight twinge could be felt in Lilly's bladder, signally a need for a toilet.

"Why here?! Of all the places WHY HERE?!"

*002*2014-02-06 05:12

Thank, glad you enjoyed it,

*004*2014-05-27 04:21

I know its been quite sometime since I last posted in this topic but here's chapter 2.

Chapter 2: Healing and New Arrivals

Once Kara awoke yet again she was laying in a white room upon a bed in the corner.

Her body ached all over and tubes were entered into various parts of her body. All she could do was just lay there, feeling the excruciating pain wracking her entire body. She slowly moved her head and looked out the window in the distance she saw her familys large building rising into the sky. Ravenclaw Tower was one of the tallest buildings in the city, and the house of Kara's father.

"How long before word reaches them?" Kara thought.

As she lay there in the bed, she heard the door to her room open.

###

When Lilly finally decided it was about time to stop acting like she was still unconscious, she opened her eyes and winced as the bright light entered them and caused Lilly's head to ache more. She still had the different medical apparatus on her.

She was in a single room and all that was in it was the bed she was laying in, a large TV, a night stand with a lamp on it, and a shelf full of various books.

She gathered that her family had found out about her predicament and blamed it on the fire, which

Lilly herself started. Eventually, she concluded that she was in a private room booked by her mother.

Im certainly going to get an earful when Mother visits, if she ever does, Lilly thought.

She was reminded of her need by a spasm in her bladder. She sat up, wincing from the pain which filled her body as she did so, and looked for the pager button. She knew she shouldn't be moving, but she didn't care.

She found the button and pressed it. She then fell back onto the bed, waiting for a nurse to come and answer the call.

"I guess I'll be stuck here for a while..." she thought.

###

Kara heard the door open and in walked two men wearing black suits and ties.

Kara dreaded where this was headed, for she knew these people worked for her father.

"Your father wishes to know if you made contact with the fire user," one of them said.

Kara laughed at this and replied, I'm surprised at how stupid you are, to the two men standing before her.

Then she yelled, Of course I made contact with them; look at me!

"He wants to know the outcome. Did you win?" the other man in black asked.

Kara said nothing as she thought back to the fight. The very recollection of it filled her body with anger now.

"it was a stalemate!" Kara screamed, feeling the pain and humiliation of that outcome once more.

###

(Meanwhile, across The City)

On the other side of town, standing atop a small chapel, she looked out across the rooftops as the sun was beginning to set in the distance. Black locks cascaded to her lower back. While her bangs drop to her shoulders. Her eyes were cold and black, yet they emitted an eerie yellow glow. Her eyelashes are neatly curled, her delicate highly arched eyebrows fit her perfectly, and a small, sharp and well-formed nose and thin, pinkish lips completes her lovely face. In her ears, she wears a pair of violet earrings in the shape of a single crystai.

Her basic attire consists of black clothes that cover her entire body; her black pants are simple in appearance, yet the material has magic from the elements crafted into it. Her black long sleeved shirt is made of the same material. On her wrists she wears two red ruby colored gauntlets that hold two crystals upon them and on her feet, a pair of white boots also adorned with two jewels on each side.

"Seems things are about to get interesting; already there are two magicians in this city like myself" she said to herself in a quiet voice. She then stood at full height and raised her head to the sky.

"Very soon we shall all meet, and then the fun shall begin," she said with a laugh before jumping down from the chapels roof and into the river below. When she landed in it, instead of making a splash, she seemed to become one with it, for that was her power; her element was water and controlling it was second nature to her.

While waiting, Lilly assessed her surroundings more. She took off the oxygen mask, she didn't need it, and she tried to sit up again. Pain lanced through her body, she let out a small whimper but managed to remain upright.

Inside the room, to the right of Lilly's bed, a small door could be seen in a raised section of the wall. It didn't lead out to the corridor, that door was a little way more to its right. She concluded it must be either a storage cupboard or an en suite bathroom. The thought of it being a bathroom caused Lilly's bladder to send out another signal, causing Lilly to fidget a little for a second or two. To the left of her bed rested a small wooden chair, on the chair lay Lilly's school outfit, minus her blouse, and her bag was hanging off the backrest.

"Good to know my bag's safe." Lilly thought.

She then wondered why her blouse was the only thing missing from the rest of her kit, she looked down at her person and saw that it was still on her.

"Why didn't they take this off?"

She then lifted up her bed covers a little, wincing as pain shot through her body again and saw that her blouse was the on;y thing on her at that moment in time. She blushed instantly as she realized that it was the only thing preventing her from being completely naked, she quickly dropped the covers over her again and waited for the nurse to come, fidgeting occasionally.

"What's taking them so long?!"

Both men in black listened to what Kara had to say to them taking it all in. "A stalemate not good" one of them had said as he whispered something into the others ear. Who only nodded before speaking to Kara. "We shall tell you father what has happened" he spoke they soon both left the room leaving. Kara alone once again ever since having awoke here she couldn't get her mind off of Lily.

"I must find that girl" Kara thought.

But she wasn't in any sort of shape to even move let alone try a fresh search and since. The school had been somewhat destroyed by their attack things were going to be bad for a while.

The girl in black after having pass through the water appeared in a small black room. A single bed was all that was there in took up the middle of the room as she sat upon it. She thought about what was about to start "the orders are simple I'm suppost to keep track of both of them and to test them out" she thought after. Reading a small scroll that had been laying upon the bed before she laughed aloud at this.

"Though which one to go after first?" she thought.

Time ticked on as Lilly waited for a Nurse to answer her call. She tried to take her mind off her growing need by assessing the damage on her body. She had loads of cuts, grazes and bruises. The wound which she took on her leg still hurt like hell, but she knew that it couldn't be infected, she had cauterized it as soon as the blade was removed, after all. She knew that the doctors would have to do a full examination of it anyway when they looked her over again. Her clothes on the chair remained unscathed, this probably attracted the attention of the doctors because she herself was probably found all battered in those clothes when her magic wore off.

She squirmed around a little more. She then heard a knock at the door. She called for the person to enter and, finally, the nurse she called had arrived.

"Took your time, didn't you?" Lilly angrily stated as she folded her arms over her chest. Bad idea, this caused Lilly to feel a lot of pain, she could barely stifle a cry. It felt like she had just put her arms into a furnace at full heat.

"My apologies, young Miss. There was some... conversation over who will come to answer in the nurse's lounge." The nurse answered. Truth be told, there was a debate. No one wanted to answer, they called Lilly a spoilt, demanding brat that deserves nothing but a good punishment. This poor nurse lost at drawing straws so she was stuck answering the call. She now knew what they meant.

Kara still remained in her bed while looking at the window at he families distant building. Her father would hear of this once the two goons toward him what had happened. He would be greatly disappointed in Kara he excepted many great things out of her. A heir to the Ravenclaw name Kara needed to take down those who stood in her way mainly that was the Sera family.

"I need to get out of here soon" Kara told herself.

But still that wasn't going to be happening she just looked out the window still.

The girl in her room was trying to think of the best way to go about. Trying to find out where to try and search within the city for one of the two mages whom were just like her.

"Where to begin, where to begin?" Yukina thought.

She was tapping her foot upon the floor trying to think of an idea when one formed into her head after a few minutes.

"Ah, a large area where many people gather that will work" Yukina laughed.

Lilly looked at the outfit the nurse was wearing, realization dawned on her. She must have been in one of the hospitals her family funded. She recognized the uniform.

"So, young Miss, what is it you wished assistance for?" The Nurse asked, wearing a practiced smile.

"I request a means for me to...relieve myself in." Lilly answered, looking down a little in embarrassment as she squirmed a little more.

The Nurse said nothing and walked into the room, she stopped by Lilly's bed, crouched down by the side of it, put an arm under and pulled out a bed pan, which she then placed on the bed.

Lilly looked at it and her blush intensified. "M-maybe you didn't hear me right. I requested a trip to the lavatory, the girl's room, the porcelain throne, the toilet, whichever word you understand. This isn't what I wanted." She replied.

"I'm sorry, young Miss, but the doctors say you shouldn't be walking around until after they examine you later." The Nurse answered coldly.

Lilly just glared at the bed pan. She then resumed her previous pose and defiantly said. "I don't care what the doctors say, I'm not using that. I'll get up and walk to the toilet myself, then." She then proceeded to turn around, cringing at the pain which shot through her, and begin to climb out of bed.

"Young Miss-" The Nurse said, worried.

As soon as Lilly's feet touched the floor and she stood up at her full height, the room swirled around her and an intense pain shot through her head, she staggered a little and fell forward. She was caught by the Nurse.

"I told you you shouldn't be moving around!" The Nurse exclaimed.

Sensing an inevitable accident if she didn't sort this out, fast, Lilly gave in and thought up some way to not have to use that thing on her bed.

"Carry me, please..." She quietly requested.

The Nurse sighed and picked up Lilly in a princess carry and started to walk towards the en suite bathroom.

"Just what have I got myself in to?" The Nurse thought. She then looked down at the helpless Lilly in her arms, she was surprisingly light and easy to carry around. "Still, even if she is a brat, she looks kind of cute like this. Just like a normal girl." The Nurse concluded as she smiled a natural smile at Lilly.

Kara still lay in bed looking out the window the setting sun filling the sky. With light blues and purple colors as faint traces of darkness were beginning to appear since night was falling. As she looked out the window her thoughts seemed to travel back to earlier in the day. Before she had her fight with Lily to the girl who she had seen in her first class at school. She wasn't sure why her thoughts drifted back to her for some reason.

"I wonder what she's really like could I have really become her friend?" Kara thought.

She remembered Lily's snow white hair and cute outfit she had worn earlier that day. Even to the pair of panties she had seen her wearing in the school yard that morning. A small blush began to form on her cheeks.

"She is cute, but acts like a total bitch" Kara thought again.

She pressed her back against her pillow and closed her eyes.

"Could things have been different?" she thought.

Yukina had left her room and returned to the city she had appeared out of the river. And was now standing at the junction of four roads she hovered in the air over. The passing people and cars below for she was unseen and only those people like her could see her right now.

"A change in the weather first" Yukina had said.

Her eyes glowed a faint blue color as an on rush of clouds began to gather over the city. They started to gather over the area where she was hovering a low rumble of thunder could faintly be heard followed by a flash of lightning and then another.

"Perfect just Perfect" Yukina laughed.

As heavy rain started to fall upon the city below her more sounds of thunder and flashes of lightning. Could be seen all during this Yukina laughed and laughed.

The Nurse carried Lilly into the en suite toilet and placed Lilly on top of it, she then walked out of the toilet, shut the door and waited outside for Lilly to finish.

"The sink's just by the toilet, you won't have to move a lot. Call me when you're done." She said as she left Lilly to attend to her needs.

"Now I know why they left me in only my blouse, I can barely move. I wouldn't have been able even to pull my panties down without feeling a lot of pain." Lilly thought as she was sitting on the toilet, letting out the pent up fluids inside her bladder. "Still, I guess it's pointless acting like that here, I'm in no condition or place to argue with anyone, I can't even go to the bathroom by myself. I guess, in some situations, kindness and obedience have to be shown." Her thoughts ran back to her time in school this morning, and the girl she had just met. "I guess I was kind of harsh on her, but she was on me as well! Maybe that was because of how I acted? First impressions, my Father always used to say, mean a lot in public situations. Maybe if I was kinder...who knows?" Lilly finished up and wiped herself down, she then flushed the toilet and washed her hands.

"I'm finished." She called back to the Nurse, who was still outside. The Nurse came in and picked Lilly up and carried her back to her bed. She then tucked Lilly in.

"Your check up is in about an hour. Are you hungry?" The Nurse asked.

"Yes. And thirsty." Lilly replied quietly. "Also, I have a question, was a small White Tiger Plushie left for me?"

"Yes," the Nurse answered. "It's in your bag, shall I get it for you?"

Lilly nodded. The Nurse went over to Lilly's bag and picked out a worn White Tiger toy. The White Tiger toy was the last toy Lilly was ever brought, she can't sleep at night without it. The Nurse gave the toy to Lilly.

"Thanks..." Lilly said, her voice nothing more than a whisper. She hugged the toy closely.

"Anything in particular you want, young Miss?" The Nurse questioned in regards to Lilly's request for food and drink.

"Tomato and Basil pasta, with cheese. For a drink I'd like Cola, please, if I'm allowed it." Lilly requested.

"It'll be here in about 15 minutes." The Nurse answered as she left.

Lilly ate the food, talking a little to her Nurse about things regarding her current condition. After dinner, Lilly was sent for her check up, the doctors noticed a small improvement in her condition but they still advised that she didn't do anything too strenuous for the next 24 hours. They said that, if all goes well, Lilly will be discharged the latest of lunch time of the next day. They asked Lilly about her leg wound, Lilly lied a little and said that it was an old wound which was just aggravated a little by the school's random combustion, which she herself caused. The doctors brought the lie, for now, and said that they'll check her medical records over once more.

She politely, if a little nervously, asked that they left it alone as it wasn't causing her much trouble, it just looked worse than it was. She was then sent back to her room to spend the night there. It was coming up to early evening and Lilly was a little tentative at spending the night in the hospital, she didn't want to be left alone. She asked her Nurse if she would be willing to stay with Lilly until she fell asleep. The Nurse agreed, she now thought that, behind the rough exterior Lilly put on, Lilly was just like any other twelve year old girl, she was scared of spending the night away from home in an unfamiliar setting.

Lilly was hugging her White Tiger toy closely as dark clouds started to move across the sky outside her window.

"D-do you think it'll storm?" She asked, shaking a little from fear at the dark clouds.

"I hope not." The Nurse answered.

The dark clouds moved further across the sky, a low rumble could be heard in the distance. Lilly jumped and started to cry a little.

"W-what was that?" She asked, tears starting to mist up her eyes and causing her voice to crack.

A louder, more audible rumble of thunder could be heard and a streak of lighting shot across the sky outside Lilly's window. Lilly screamed and dived towards the Nurse, who was sitting by her bed. Lilly was now crying quite a lot.

"P-please don't leave me!" Lilly cried at the Nurse. "I hate thunder and lightning! It's too scary! Please!" Lilly was practically begging through her tears now. The Nurse just held Lilly in a hug and stroked her hair.

"I'll stay. Don't worry." She comforted Lilly.

Kara was still looking out the window when she began to notice the darkening sky as several clouds began to form in the middle of the city. She heard the faint sound of thunder then a small flash of lightning. Not paying much attention to it Kara just thought about Lily some more.

"Could we ever be friends even after all that happened this morning between us?" Kara asked herself.

Still looking out the window she took notice that it lightly started to rain. Again she played this no mind as she heard a knock on her door turning to the door. She saw it open and in walk her doctor who was holding a small clipboard in his hands. He pulled up a chair and sat down near her bed.

"How you feeling?" He asked.

"How, do you think I'm feeling!" Kara snapped.

"I take that as bad, well you do have a broken rib, and a few burns but otherwise are fine" He told her.

Kara said nothing as the doctor then asked her how she came to be here in the first place. Kara said nothing but then stated that she was caught in an explosion at school when a small gas main blew in her classroom. The doctor for now seemed to by it and left the room leaving Kara alone she looked back out the window. Noticing that the rain was coming down in heavy sheets plus there seemed to be more thunder and lightning than normal.

"Just what brought this on, I thought it was suppose to be a clear evening?" Kara thought.

As watching the rain strike the window Kara for a few seconds felt the faint trace of magic in the air.

"This, doesn't feel like the one from before who could it be?" Kara asked herself while watching the rain fall.

The rain continued to fall upon the city below her as she finally stopped laughing. She brought up both hands and started moving them in a complex pattern. "This should draw them out" Yukina thought.

As more thunder was heard and more flashes of lightning were seen the rain. That was falling began to form into a funnel of water soon a second one formed. They began to spin around Yukina. While still moving her hands around she pointed them forwards towards the distance.

"Show yourself!" Yukina screamed.

Both funnels of water shot forward into the distance before slamming into a buildings surface. Crashing into it destroying windows and other items within. People began to scream and run for cover as the building began to flood.

Thunder boomed around the small space and lightning illuminated it. Lilly still remained crying in the Nurse's arms.

"Please stop, please stop, please..." Lilly mumbled through waves of tears.

The Nurse, looking at Lilly now, felt sorry for how terrified she was. She wanted to find some way of getting Lilly's mind off the weather outside. She thought for a little while, while stroking Lilly's hair and hugging her close, and came up with an idea. She started to stand up and Lilly cried louder.

"Don't go! Please, don't leave me!" Lilly sobbed at the Nurse.

"I'm not going anywhere. Do you have any form of music player?" She asked Lilly.

Lilly nodded and curled up into a ball. Another rumble of thunder and a flash of lighting shot through the sky. Lilly screamed and dived under her covers and placed her pillow over her ears.

The Nurse looked through Lilly's bag and found her phone. She searched a little more and picked up Lilly's headphones. She carried them over to Lilly and placed them by Lilly's pillow.

"I'm not meant to let you do this, but this is an extreme circumstance. Turn your phone on and put your headphones in, pick your favourite music and play it loud enough to drown out the sound of the thunder." The Nurse told Lilly. "After that, close your eyes tightly and focus on the music playing. That hopefully should help a little. Don't worry, I'll be here with you."

Lilly apprehensively came out from under her covers and removed the pillow. She followed the Nurse's instructions.She then went back under her covers and held out a hand to the Nurse.

"Hold my hand, please." Lilly asked, crying lightly.

The Nurse held Lilly's hand and Lilly then lay on the bed with her eyes closed, looking away from the storm raging outside her window.

Kara again felt the faint trace of magic but this time it felt stronger she just looked out the window. Watching the rain strike the glass as it fell she turned her gaze away from it. Then first tried to move her body a fresh wave of pain shot through her. Again she tried to move her body as more pain filled her. She finally had gotten up sitting upright in the bed and as she placed both feet upon the floor. To stand up she nearly fell down as her broken rib sent blinding pain through her body.

"I-I need to know who this is" Kara said through the pain.

Calling upon her own magic Kara's clothes changed once again into the outfit she was wearing during her fight with Lily. The feeling of magic going through her body helped banish the pain but it wouldn't last. Kara needed to do this quickly for she didn't have much time left. Walking over the the window she opened it and was blasted in the face by a wave of fresh rain and wind.

Moving slowly Kara climbed up and then jumped out the window. As she was falling towards the ground a gentle current of wind caught her lifting her up into the sky. She then sped off towards where the new magic was coming from. Not knowing that Lily if she was could have seen her leaving the hospital from her window.

Yukina watched the results of her attack upon the building people were being washed away. This only caused her to laugh again as she heard a faint groaning coming from the building.

"Seems it's had enough" Yukina thought.

She was about to finish the building off when she felt it something fast was coming towards her.

"Yes, yes finally one shows themselves" Yukina laughed with glee.

She turned towards it's direction and flew towards it with each beat of her wings. The rain kept falling as the thunder seemed to grow louder. Off in the distance Yukina spotted Kara she stopped in her tracks once Kara got closer to her.

Kara's clothes and hair were wet her skirt was blowing rapidly in the wind. She soon reached where the magic was and saw a girl floating in the sky.

'That must be her?" Kara thought as she changed direction towards her.

Lilly lay in bed, listening to the music which filled her ears and purged the thunderstorm from her mind. She was finally able to relax as she hugged her White Tiger Toy and held on to the hand of the kind Nurse who has looked after her so much today, listened and carried out her selfish demands and hasn't once left her side without informing Lilly first.

"Maybe kindness is the way forward. What good is a public based business if your clients hate you? As soon as I get a chance, I'm going to tell her I'm sorry. I shouldn't have been so selfish and conceited, I should have given her a chance." Lilly thought as she stopped crying and stated to relax a little more. Her body ached and she felt tired, she focused less on the music now and more on her own breathing. She still hugged her Tiger Toy close to her and she slowly started to give in to exhaustion.

Lilly drifted off into a peaceful sleep.

The Nurse noticed Lilly had fallen asleep and let go of her hand. She got out a stack of post-it notes and a pen a left a note for Lilly, telling her that she fell asleep and that the Nurse will be back in the morning. The Nurse got up from beside Lilly and made her way out of the room. When she got to the door, she switched off the light and left the room, closing the door quietly behind her.

"She is just like a normal girl. I'm happy I actually drew the short straw now, she's so cute when she's sleeping. I think I'm going to miss her when she gets discharged." The Nurse thought on her way back to the Nurse's Lounge.

Kara herself soon stopped right as she pulled up to Yukina. She hovered in the air on the currents of wind the pain inside her was slowly growing in volume Kara. Pushed aside the pain as she fixed her eyes upon the girl before her.

"So, I take it your the one I felt from earlier" Kara pointed out.

Yukina heard Kara speak to her a look of excitement and joy were upon her face.

"Oh, finally you show yourself where's the other one?" Yukina asked. Ignoring Kara's own question directed at her.

Kara said nothing in return her vision was starting to get blurry as she was beginning to feel the effects. Of the magic leaving her body gritting her teeth against the pain Kara. Waited for what Yukina may do and was surprised on what she did.

"You seem weaker, much weaker this isn't even worth my time" Yukina pouted.

She started to move both hands around the rain water started to flow around her her body "Crystal Billow" Yukina called out the water. Around her then started to turn into shimmering crystalline structures that shoots against toward Kara.

Seeing these tiny crystals flying towards her Kara used the currents to try and dodge them. She had managed to dodge a few but felt the other strike her body. Causing her to cry out in pain as the kept striking her body.

"Cry for me, cry for me" Yukina's voice sang.

She rose her right hand into the sky soon lightning shot down towards her.

"Lightning Blast" Yukina called out. When cast, a purple aura would surround Yukina as bolts of lightning would shoot out from the her body. That had been flashing across the sky each bolt of lightning struck Kara's body sending waves of pain through out. She cried out again in pain feeling the electrify flow through her body.

Then with a wave of her hand Kara was suddenly shot backwards with such force. From the last lightning bolt that she was sent flying through the air. Back towards the hospital where she was heading was right towards Lily's room. Kara had tried to fight against it to at least change her direction but she didn't have the power.

She felt herself crash through a window and slam head on into a wall. Coughing up blood as she did so she looked up at the rain and reached out towards it. Before darkness engulfed her causing her to pass out from the pain.

Lilly was sleeping away peacefully when she thought she felt something fly over her bed and crash into the wall by the door. She slowly opened her eyes and, through the haze of sleep, she thought she saw a figure by the door. She mumbled something along the lines of "Good Night" and then she fell back to sleep. For a short while, her body had yet to wake up.

About a few seconds later, Lilly woke up again and felt a little pressure in her abdomen. She climbed out of bed, cringing a little at the pain which coursed through her and mumbled something to the figure.

"I...going...to..the...let." She mumbled as she headed towards the en suite bathroom with the music still playing and her phone in her blouse pocket.

Yukina laughed as she saw the results of her attack upon Kara. She flew in the direction of which Kara flew and saw that she had crashed into a room floating down. Yukina watched as Kara's outfit changed and she was back to wearing the clothes she had on before. She lay there in a small pool of her own blood as Yukina just laughed.

"Such, a waste I better go report this" Yukina had said.

She flew away from the scene leaving Kara alone who wasn't moving. However some of the hospital staff suddenly burst into Lily's room.

A doctor and a few nurses rushed inside.

'We better get her taken care of quick" the doctor said.

Lilly entered the toilet and shut the door behind her. She sat on the toilet and emptied her bladder. Once she had finished, she wiped herself down, flushed the toilet and washed her hands. She was still groggy from sleep so she decided to head right back to bed. As the music was still playing, she didn't hear the noise coming from her room.

She walked outside the bathroom and rubbed her eyes sleepily. She walked past all the action going on with the random entrance of a girl, through the window, into her room and the doctors rushing to take her out and tend to her wounds.

" 's noisy." She mumbled through a yawn. She then climbed back into bed and fell right back to sleep.

The doctors and nurses and quickly rushed Kara out of Lily's room slamming the door. Behind them and they did so they quickly wheeled Kara down towards the medical lab to help take care of her injuries.

"She's lost alot of blood multiple wounds and cuts cover her body we need to get her taken care of quick" one of the nurses said.

As the pushed open a double set of doors and wheeled Kara into a room. They rolled her over to a bed and quickly moved her off the one she was being pushed on and placed her on the new one.

Lilly just slept through all the commotion, not waking until the sunlight slipped through the curtains into her room.

She awoke with a yawn and took out her headphones. She then looked at her phone, which currently stated 12% battery left, and switched it off.

"I'll charge it later." She said to herself. She then climbed out of bed and carried out her morning routine, she didn't feel as much pain any more, that was a good sign, but she did still limp a little on her right leg. She got back into bed and pressed the pager and waited for the Nurse to come along and take her request for breakfast.

"I'm in the mood for salad." Lilly thought to herself in regards for her breakfast.

It had been a long night for Kara the doctors had done all in their power and had managed. To stop the bleeding from her many wounds as she opened her eyes the blurriness seemed to fade away. Kara was once again in her room from before she looked down at herself bandages covered her whole right arm. As well as parts of her chest and both her legs she lay there still aching in pain.

"Just, who was that other girl?" Kara asked herself.

She turned her head and looked out the window as the first rays of sunlight were breaking through the black storm clouds, A wave of dizziness passed through her as she lay there in her bed.

"Does the other girl know about this new threat?" Kara thought.

Around 15 minutes after Lilly pressed the pager, the Nurse came into the room.

"How are you feeling? Did you sleep well?" She asked Lilly

"Yes, thanks. I'm feeling a lot better now. I can move around again and not be in pain with every movement." Lilly smiled back at the Nurse.

"That's good. That means that after your check up, you'll probably be able to go home again." The Nurse replied. "Did you call me to take your breakfast request?"

"Yes. I would like a Salad and a glass of Orange Juice, please." Lilly answered.

"It'll be here in about 5 minutes." The Nurse said as she started to leave the room.

"Thank you, for everything." Lilly said as the Nurse was about to leave.

The Nurse smiled at Lilly and then went to fetch her breakfast.

"I wonder if my Mother's been informed of my condition. Will she be able to pick me up?" Lilly thought as she waited for breakfast.

Another wave of dizziness passed through Kara but it quickly passed. She turned away from the window she started to move but a wave of sheer pain went through her body. Ignoring the pain Kara slowly moved her body until her feet were hanging off the bed,

"I need to get out of here" Kara thought,

Slowly she pushed herself off the bed until she was now standing on both feet. When suddenly her balance gave out and Kara fell to her knees. Screaming out in pain as she did so landing on two cuts that soon reopened drawing fresh blood.

Kara started to crawl to the door taking her sweet time she reached the door. Reaching up with both her hands Kara pulled herself to her feet. Using the door handle resting her side against the wall Kara was now sweating. Both her knees were still bleeding her poor body ached all over she slowly started to open the door making sure no one was around to see her leave her room.

The Nurse brought back Lilly's breakfast and they chatted away idly while Lilly was eating. About 10 minute after Lilly had finished, she was called to have her final check-up to see if she was fit enough to return home. The doctors concluded that Lilly was nearly back to full health, but they would like her to attend a regular check-up at her local Doctor's Clinic in about three days' time. The doctors still probed Lilly a little about her leg wound but she dodged around their questions and managed to get off without incident. She was then taken back to her hospital room.

Lilly asked the Nurse if she could call her Mother and let her know that she's better and ready to come home. The Nurse agreed to this and Lilly called up her Mother. The conversation was short and the end result was Lilly having to stay in the hospital for a little longer until her Mother was on lunch break. Her Mother didn't want to have to fetch Lilly, but she had an obligation to, lest Lilly cause problems at the hospital.

Time ticked on and Lilly and the Nurse conversed a little more. When the clock was coming up to half twelve, Lilly got ready to pack her bags and wait for her Mother in the lobby. She felt a little sad as she wouldn't be able to talk to the kind Nurse any more once she goes home. Lilly said her goodbyes and thanked the Nurse with a large hug. She then turned and headed towards the lobby and waited for her Mother to arrive.

Still watching to see if the coast was clear Kara waited inside her room. She soon spotted a group of doctors walking in the other direction they then turned a corner and went out of sight. Breathing a sigh of relief Kara pushed her door open and stumbled out into the hall. Walking slowly she followed in the direction of where the doctors were headed. A small trail of blood seemed to follow Kara as she walked.

She nearly fell to the ground twice more but just managed to hold out. By shear willpower alone she passed by several open rooms with other people inside them. Though as she took her next step a sharp stab of pain shot through both her legs. Kara cried out and fell on her injured side with the broken rib crying again in pain. Kara tried to get to her feet again but didn't have the strength. She crawled forwards seeming to be heading to the main lobby.

The doctors whom were ahead of Kara heard her cry out and stopped walking and turned around. They saw her crawling with a small trail of blood behind her.

"Ms, Ravenclaw what are you doing?" one of them shouted.

He raced over to her and knelt down with the other doctor and slowly tried to rise her to her feet.

On her way back to the Lobby, Lilly noticed a little commotion going on. Several Doctors were surrounding something, or someone, on the floor with a little trail of red following behind it. She wanted to go and see what it was but she also didn't want to get in the way and cause trouble. She walked a little further to the side away from the chaos and looked a little in its direction. She noticed a girl on the floor.

The girl look frighteningly similar to the girl she had an argument at school with just the day before. She moved a little closer to try and get a better look at her. What she saw made her gasp on shock. It WAS that girl! Lilly didn't know what to do, she moved in more closely to try and get a better listening position just to see what was wrong with her.

"What should I do? Should I go and wait in the Lobby or should I look into this a little more? Is she going to be alright?" Lilly though while staring at the broken figure of the girl.

Both doctors were holding Kara upright her legs were shaking. From the pain they seemed to be asking her some questions about just what she was doing here. Yet Kara didn't seem to hear them at all her mind was to clouded in pain and the memory of the one girl she had just fought.

"M-must leave, must leave" Kara mumbled.

She looked up through hazy filled eyes and tried to make her way forwards she weakly struggled in their arms.

"Ms, Ravenclaw can you hear me?" asked one of the doctors.

Kara still didn't hear them at all she was still trying to get away.

"Water, must find out who?" Kara mumbled again.

Lilly could just pick out little snippets of the conversation. It seemed that, despite all of her wounds, Kara wanted out. She could see her trying to leave the doctors grasp and head towards the main lobby. She mumbled something about water and who someone, or something, was.

Lilly swallowed her anxiety and decided to walk a little closer to the girl.

"Will she be okay? What happened to her?!" She asked on of the doctors holding Kara back.

She ran a thought check over the area, with main focus on Kara and whoever looked the most authoritative of the Doctors struggling to hold her back.

The doctors were still holding Kara when they heard Lily ask them what was wrong. One of the doctors turned around and looked at her.

"We, are not so sure she seems to not be responding to us it's like she's in another world. We should get her back to her room" He told her.

He turned back to Kara who was still struggling against them.

"Need, to go, must find her" Kara stated.

She again tried to get free of the doctors but their grip remained strong they pulled Kara. Away from the lobby and started back towards her room a trail of blood followed the group on the floor as she left the room.

"Please, must get free" Kara said.

Lilly was now worried for Kara a little, she still didn't like her much but she also would never wish something like this on her. It was almost like Kara had gone mad from something. Lilly knew when not to get involved in something so she headed back for the lobby, her mind was still on Kara and her broken body.

"Just what happened to her? I guess I'm lucky to only have gotten injured a little, the poor girl." Lilly thought as she continued down the corridor to the lobby.

The doctors had returned Kara to her room and placed her back in her bed they had then started. To take off the bloody bandages on her legs and cover them back up in fresh ones. To help stop the blood flow that was still coming during this whole time Kara was unaware of what was taking place around her.

Her mind was still on the water user girl whom she had fought earlier against.

"I need to find her, I need to find her" Kara suddenly screamed.

Hearing this one of the doctors suddenly used both arms and tried to hold. Kara down on her bed and she was starting to violently thrash against them trying to get free.

Lilly reached the Lobby and found an empty seat. She sat down with her things and still couldn't take her mind off Kara.

"Will she really be alright? She looked pretty badly wounded and she seemed to losing her mind a little. Just what was she talking about?" Lilly thought in regards to what she had just seen.

She waited some more, the time was now coming up to ten to one, her Mother will be here in about ten minutes.

"I wonder if she'll bring my sisters? She probably won't as they're in school now but, you can never tell, she may just bring them. I really want to see them and tell them that I'm fine, they must be worried about me."

Another doctor used his own hands to try and hold Kara down upon the bed. Yet it wasn't having much of an effect as she still kept up her struggling against them. She rose her right foot and kicked one right in the face. Sending him backups slightly and losing his grip on her body.

"Ms, Ravenclaw please you've got to calm down" The other doctor stated.

The one whom was hit went over and took a out something he placed it's contents into. One of things you use to give shots to people. He started forwards towards Kara when suddenly the very air in the room turned violent. A forceful wind blew both doctors away from Kara sending them both slamming into a wall. She rose up from her body her mind still wasn't aware of what was going on.

The wind was blowing rapidly knocking things over, ripping the curtains off of the window. The very window behind Kara shattered and she shot outside the hospital before disappearing from sight.

At around one o'clock, a red Mercedes pulled up outside the entrance to the hospital. Out of the car stepped a woman in her early thirties, wearing a black business suit underneath a brown jacket, and two young girls each in matching private school uniforms. The woman led the way into the Lobby and instantly found Lilly sitting in a chair by the entrance. The two girls ran from behind the woman and one of them dived on Lilly.

"Lilly! You okay? What happened to you?!" One of the girls asked. This girl had white-blonde hair and blue eyes, the other girl behind her looked exactly like the girl who dived on Lilly first, to every small detail.

"Yes, I'm okay, Haley. I just got caught up in a little accident at school." Lilly said as she hugged the girl close to her.

"Move over, Sis, I want to hug her too!" The other girl shouted at Haley.

"Quiet, Holly! It's my turn!" Haley shot back.

Holly didn't listen to her sister, she pushed her aside a little and managed to squeeze in and hug Lilly as well.

"Calm down, you two, I'm still not fully better yet." Lilly laughed back to her younger twin step-sisters.

"Holly, Haley! Control yourselves!" The woman demanded. Both girls ceased their hugging and stood in a uniform straight line to the left of Lilly. "Now, Lilly, explain to me what happened, right now!" The woman ordered Lilly.

Kara flew high in the sky above the city she didn't know where she was headed. Yet if one was really paying attention it seemed she was flying towards her families building. Located within the middle of the city she soon reached it after several minutes and landed upon the very top of the buildings. Kara now lay upon a large H mainly used as a landing pad for various members of the family or business.

Her body lay there for a while before a single grey door opened up a young man in his early fortes. Walked outside he was dressed in a black and white business suit with a matching tie. He had jet black hair that reached down to his neck. He walked up to where Kara lay and picked her up in his arms.

'Don't worry my daughter I'll see to it that your kept safe and sound" Kale said.

He turned around and headed back towards the door with Kara now in his arms. They soon passed through the doors and headed for his private office located several floors down. From where the roof was located.

"Mother I..." Lilly started while she tried to think up a convincing story to tell her Mother. "There was an explosion in the science lab caused by a failed experiment, I got caught in the aftermath as my class was close to it.

"The truth, now!" Lilly's Mother wasn't buying it, she could tell when Lilly was lying, she could read emotions on people like they were just saying them out loud.

"I got into a fight...with a girl." Lilly answered, feeling ashamed.

"Elaborate." Her Mother replied.

Holly and Haley stayed silent, they knew that if they uttered so much as a single syllable now then they'd get punished later. Holly was shaking a little, fearing what her Mother might do to Lilly.

"We had a little...argument and it kind of got worse leading into a fight. We were fighting near some thorny bushes and fell into them." Lilly answered, not wanting to go into more detail.

"All lies. Will I ever get a single word of truth out of you, you stupid girl?" Her Mother answered, glaring at Lilly. "What was this girl's name. Tell me and don't lie this time!"

"Kara Ravenclaw..." Lilly replied.

Her Mother then slapped her across the face.

"You idiot!" She yelled at Lilly, causing both Holly and Haley to whimper a little.

Taking the elevator down several floors Kale soon got off and walked with Kara into his office. He passed through this and walked into a small bedroom that. Inside sat a rather large king sized bed she placed Kara gently upon the bed. Walking over to the nearest window he pulled open the shades and let the sunlight into the room. Bathed in it's light seemed to cause Kara to move around a little. She had stopped mumbling and seemed to return to the here and now she opened her eyes and saw her father standing before her.

"F-father" Kara stated surprised.

"It's good to see that your back among the living so, I take it you were involved in a certain fight?" Kale asked her.

He had moved over to the bed and sat down just a few feet away from where Kara lay.

She leaned back against the pillow and said nothing.

"So, you lost is that it I thought I thought you better seems I was wrong" Kale snapped.

This sudden change in emotions surprised Kara.

"B-but father it wasn't my fault I tired everything in my power to win that fight" Kara stated.

Kale listened to this and shook his head.

'Let, me guess it was against those damned fire users they've been a pain for quite sometime" Kale replied back.

Lilly held her slapped cheek in her hand, it burned with the newly inflicted pain.

"Wha...?" Lilly stammered out.

"Do you have any idea just who the Ravenclaw family are?!" Her Mother retorted. "If you mess with them they could close my company down if they wished! Do you have any ounce of sense in that waste of space you call a brain?!"

"But Mother..."

"SILENCE! Not another word from you! Get in the car, NOW!" Her Mother yelled back as she stormed off towards the car parked outside. The twins followed after, still in their line. Lilly picked herself up from the seat and picked up her belongings before following after her Mother.

Lilly put her things in the boot and entered the car via the passenger's door, the twins sat at the back, silent and as still as possible. They looked out of the windows, Lilly did the same. Her Mother started up the car and began the drive home.

Kara remained upon the bed as she listened to her father rant on about the fire users.

"We, must step up your training once your healed I'll make sure your stronger than them" Kale stated.

He left the room leaving Kara alone with her thoughts.

Her thoughts seemed to travel back to Lily and Yukina she felt a wave of anger build within her. As she remembered losing to the both of them.

"I'll not be defeated again by either of them I will not" Kara screamed.

She started coughing violently after she said that she looked out the window. Again thinking of Lily at the time before the fight at school.

"I-I need to see her again to say sorry"

It took around 20 minutes to get to the Sera residence from the hospital. A large wrought iron gate stood in-between carve pillars of stoned shaped into pots holding various flowers in. As soon as the car reached the gate, it opened soundlessly and the car drove down the cobblestone path leading to a large mansion at the end. The car pulled up outside and Lilly's Mother got out after turning the car's ignition off.

She opened both doors on Lilly's side of the car forcibly.

"Out! All three of you!" She ordered Lilly and her half-sisters. The complied an Lilly went to the boot to take out her luggage. She waited, joining the line created by Holly and Haley, for her Mother to open the huge double doors leading into the Sera residence. Lilly herself could do it, the finger scanner had her fingerprint identified, but she decided that it was best if her Mother did, she didn't want her think that she was fleeing any possible punishment.

Lilly's Mother walked to the finger scanner and placed her right index finger against it. It beeped and the two doors opened inwards. She led the way in and the three girls followed after.

Kara lay in bed still looking out the window her father Kale returned shortly after he had left. He looked down at her and thought of something.

'I'm going to heal you, you will still be in pain but for the most part you'll beable to move around on your own" Kale told her.

He began to chant softly as he rose both hands a gentle breeze blew through the room. It touched Kara's body gentling and started to heal her wounds she felt as he broken rib was healed and a few cuts upon her body were healed.

"It will still be a few full days until your back to normal we will begin your training then" Kale stated and left the room.

Kara moved her body off the bed happy now that her ribs were back to normal. But still felt the pain in her legs for the healing magic didn't fully heal those wounds. She walked over to the window as she dad again returned with some new clothes for her to wear. He placed them on the bed and left to return to his own business.

Turning away from the window Kara walked over to the clothes. Upon the bed lay a simple silver silk blouse with a small black and white skirt that reached mid-thigh. Two pairs of small white socks went along with the outfit plus a simple pair of black panties were there as well. Kara got changed feeling the comfort of new clothes upon her body again.

"Greeting, Mistress Marie. I see you have returned with the young Mistresses?" The Head Maid spoke to Lilly's Mother as she walked in.

"Take her bags to her room. We've got some talking to do." Marie ordered the Maid. The Maid picked up Lilly's bags to her room.

"You, follow her and get on some clean clothes." Marie told Lilly.

"Yes, Mother." Lilly replied as she bowed her head and walked towards the grand staircase.

"Just what was that stupid girl thinking?! If the Ravenclaw head finds out about her, I'll be bust!" Marie thought angrily regarding Lilly's argument with Kara.

Holly and Haley waited by to be dismissed.

"You two. Go to your rooms and resume your interrupted studies. I won't have you loafing around doing nothing. I don't want you leaving your room for any reason until three o'clock. Am I clear?" Marie demanded from Haley and Holly.

"Yes, Mother." They chorused in unison as they followed after Lilly.

"I'm going to have to get her to beg for forgiveness from the Ravenclaw head." Marie thought as she made her way to the main office room.

Kara left the small private bedroom and walked out into her dad's main office. There was a large white marble desk taking place in the middle of the room. A large black chair sat behind the desk a phone, papers, a desktop pc and various photos took up space on the desk. To either side were two large statues one was single black raven in flight it's wings spread out. The second statue was that of a phoenix made up of red and gold. Kara stood before her father as he turned in his chair to face her.

"I'm going out for a while father" Kara told him.

Kale nodded at this before saying.

"I'll be taking up the project to seeing your school being rebuilt it will take some time" Kale told her.

Kara said nothing and soon left his office. She walked over to the main elevator and took it down to the main lobby. She remembered something about Lily she heard The Headmaster of her school say her last name was Sera.

"Sera, is her last name now the question is where can I find her?" Kara thought.

Lilly reached her room and opened the door, she then stepped inside.

The room was sparsely furnished with only a small writing desk with an office chair, a large bookshelf taking up one wall, a bedside table, a large flat-screen TV resting on a glass stand and a King Size bed with a canopy above it. She walked over to the bed and fell on top of it. She looked to the foot of the bed and saw her bags.

"What am I going to do now? I wonder if Kara's alright back at the hospital? I hope she's not too badly hurt. I still don't know how she got that way..." Lilly thought while she lay on the bed. "I better get changed, I'm already in enough trouble as it is, why should I add more?"

Lilly pushed herself up off the bed and made her way to the bedroom door only to have it open in front of her, revealing Holly and Haley.

"What are you two doing here?" Lilly asked.

"Mother's mad at us, too. We wanted to be taken to collect you so we begged to be let out of school early. Mother's not too happy about that..." Haley answered.

"She told us to come upstairs and study until three o'clock without leaving our room. We wanted to see if you are truly okay. Haley tells me that you had a fight with a girl who controlled the wind. She saw it all over you back at the hospital." Holly finished. The twins had the ability to read both the past and the future respectively. Haley saw the past of a person written all over them like a book and Holly saw their future in the same fashion. "Every last second. You got hurt in that fight pretty badly and so did the other girl. Right now, I see you meeting the girl again. I'm not sure where but I know it will be soon. Please, say what you truly feel to her then..." Holly told Lilly.

"Holly, Haley, there's no hiding anything from you, is there?" Lilly smiled at the two girls.

Back downstairs in the study, Marie was think up a way in which she could communicate with the Ravenclaw boss and arrange a meeting between Lilly and him. She considered phoning him up but she instantly dismissed that idea, he wasn't likely to answer.

"That stupid girl!" Marie exploded in her mind as she paced around the study.

Kara walked out of the main lobby and was now standing just outside the building. In a small square a single fountain lay in the middle followed by several more statues. This time they were all black ravens for these statues circled the fountain and blew water into it's base. Kara started walking towards the main street of the town a gentle breeze blew at her hair. She walked on for a few minutes before stopping at a light several other people were busy walking around her.

"The question is where should I go and find that girl?" Kara thought.

She could always try and find out where the main offices of the Sera family were located. That might work but Kara thought against it since both families were bitter rivals and normally hated each other. The second was to try and find out where Lily lived but that was easier said than done. Since Kara had no idea where Lily even lived.

She soon crossed the street walking along the sidewalk passing by various stores and eating areas. Kara soon stopped at another light the thought of trying to find out her phone number could work.

Lilly hugged her two half-sisters and headed towards the large walk-in wardrobe opposite her room. The twins followed her. Lilly opened the door with a finger scanner and walked in. She switched on the lights and looked for something to wear. She picked out a white sleeveless hooded jumper and a pink t-shirt with a kitten on the front of it. She then went over to the section which had her skirts and shorts in. She looked through them and picked out a light blue skirt which stretched down to the middle of her thighs. For the underwear, she chose a matching set of red polka dot panties, vest and socks. She went into a changing cubicle at the back of her room and changed out of her old clothes, Once finished, she put her old clothes in the basket by the door and walked out back into the hallway. She frowned at the twins now, they were still following her around.

"You should really be doing what Mother told you to, she's already really mad at me, I don't want you two getting involved." Lilly told her half-sisters, worrying about them.

"But we don't want to, she won't punish us, I know she won't. She's more focused on trying to get you to make up with the Ravenclaws to care about us." Holly answered. If she says they won't get punished, then it must be true.

"You're troubled about what you saw in the hospital, aren't you?" Haley asked Lilly, seeing the scenes on her.

"You're going to go searching for her, you're leaving the house. She's not at the hospital any more, she looks much better. We're coming with you." Holly injected.

"Please, stay here. You shouldn't be getting involved." Lilly tried to convince them to stay.

"We're coming..."

"...And that's final." The twins answered.

Lilly didn't want her half-sisters to come along, they were barely nine years of age, this would be too much for them, but she knew there was no stopping them once they set their mind to something, they knew her every move, past and future.

"You can come but please, not a word of this to Mother." Lilly tried to bargain with her sisters.

"You have our word...." They answered in unison.

Kara walked by more buildings and down a few more streets until she reached a large open park the front entrance was located right by her surrounded by tall redwood trees. Walking into the park Kara made her way down the small trail passing by more large trees and various bushes along the way.

"Does she visit the park maybe I can find her here?" Kara thought.

She was still walking down the path she stopped when she saw a small drinking station. Then took a few sips of water before being on her way again Kara soon found a park bench to sit on underneath a large oak tree. Sitting down she began to think about various things like could she still truly find Lily here, just what that water users plans were, what sort of training did her father have planned for her.

Getting up off the bench Kara started down the path again towards where the center of the park would be.

Lilly indicated for the twins to keep quiet while they made their way down the stairs. With a little luck, their Mother should still be in the office.

"Something's changing..." Holly started, whispering. "I can see a large park on you now, full of red trees, it's a little blurry but I think it's somewhere in town."

Lilly listened and nodded to signal she'd heard her. They crept down the stairs and towards the front door. No movements detected from anywhere. Lilly pressed her index finger against the reader and the door clicked open, no fancy entrance or exit for Lilly, just and unlocking, perfect for situations like now.

Lilly ushered her sisters out of the house and the door closed quietly behind them.

"How far away is the park?" Lilly asked Holly.

"I don't know, I don't see time, I just see what happens. It's bad enough with it being blurry." Holly answered.

"Red trees..." Lilly quietly mused to herself. "I know where that is! Follow me!" She led the way down the drive and out onto the street. She then took a left and headed towards one of her family's banks.

Kara soon entered into a large open area this place was much different than the others cherry-blossom trees lined a small circle around a small statue. Of Kale Kara's father she walked over to the statue and watching as the blossoms blew from the trees filling the area with a soft pink color. Kara looked at the statue and turned her back against it.

Kara stood with her back to it and looked around at the other people.

"Now, where could she be if she's even here" Kara thought.

Kara slowly looked around trying to spot a girl with snowy white hair. But she had no such luck with spotting someone who looked like Lily. She walked around the statue in the center of the park and soon did a full circle around it.

The twins were having a hard time keeping up with Lilly's pace. Holly tried to communicate to Haley just where she was going but that was stopped when Lilly got out of view.

Lilly rounded another corner, tapping into her magic as her pace increased, this caused her leg to protest but she didn't care about that now. She ran past a Sera bank and turned down towards the main thoroughfare, not stopping when pedestrian crossings turned from green to red, causing some cars to beep their horns in retaliation. She found the entrance to the park and ran in.

"Now where could she be? I wish Holly had kept up." Lilly thought as she slowed her pace down to a walk when she entered the park. She just headed down the main pathway to the large statue in the centre. Due to her slowed pace, the twins managed to only just catch up to her now.

"By the...statue..." Holly panted out.

"Follow but don't let her see you." Lilly replied to her sisters, they walked a little ways behind Lilly, keeping the trees between them and Kara.

Lilly walked towards the statue some more and called out to the lone girl by it.

"Hey!"

Kara had stopped in front of the statue again and was about to start to walk around it again. When she heard a familiar voice callout to her turning she spotted the white haired girl walking towards her. She looked at her the first thing that went through her mind was.

"YOU!" Kara thought.

Kara shook the thought from her head even though Lily was still her enemy she decided on another approach.

"I-I was wondering what ever became of you since I never saw you leave The Headmaster's office" Kara told her.

She walked up to Lily and smiled at her.

'Oh, I never introduced myself I'm Kara Ravenclaw" Kara told her.

She reached out with her hand it attempts for Lily to shake it.

Ignoring the handshake, Lilly ran right up to Kara and hugged her closely.

"I saw you in the Hospital, you were badly wounded. Just what happened to you?!" Lilly cried out while hugging Kara.

A few moments later, after she believe it had been long enough of an embrace, Lilly removed herself from Kara.

"I'm Lilly Sera." She answered.

"Maybe this approach will work. She had me worried. I'm glad she's okay." Lilly thought.

Holly and Haley were watching from behind a Cherry Blossom tree. Haley looked over Kara, trying to read just how the two met and what had caused her to get so badly beaten.

"She had a little disagreement with Lilly, this caused her to get called to the Headmaster's office where he punished Kara first. Lilly enjoyed watching Kara get punished." Haley recited to Holly.

"After Kara's punishment, Lilly was then sent up. Lilly didn't want to get punished. Her punishment was stopped when the...curtains caught fire?" Haley read, questioning the last bit.

"The rest I can't read, there must be something stopping me from doing it."

Kara at first was mad when Lily didn't shake her hand but was surprised when Lily suddenly hugged her. She felt wave of pain pass through her body Kara responded by hugging Lily back not knowing really how to respond to her.

"I-I was caught in caught in some falling debris as I tried to leave the school part of a wall fell on me. Trapping me underneath the rubble I was pinned underneath it for some time before I was found" Kara quickly thought up not wanting to tell Lily the truth.

She pushed herself away from Lily and listened as she told her name to her.

"What about yourself I haven't seen you since school?" Kara asked her.

She looked into Lily's eyes a tiny blush formed on her cheeks but went away quickly.

"I got banged up a little but not nearly half as badly as you did." Lilly started, she then finally noticed that Kara was in perfect shape when only minutes before she was practically incapacitated. "H-how did you heal up so fast?!"

The twins finally thought it was about time to show themselves, Haley had read all she could about Kara and Holly couldn't pick up anything regarding her future. It was almost as like something was preventing the reading.

"Um, Miss Kara," Haley started. "What about that man back in that fancy room? What did he do?" Haley asked, referring to a reading she got when Kara was lying on a bed battered and a man came up to her and the wounds disappeared when he placed a hand over them.

Lilly was shocked to see her normally reserved Sisters talk openly to a stranger.

Kara needed to think quickly she tried to come up with an answer. She could think of an answer to tell her when she saw two girls appear the one know as Haley asked her a question.

"How, does she know about that?" Kara thought.

She took Haley in fully watching her closely.

"H-he used an ancient method of healing thought in my family" Kara lied.

She couldn't;t tell Haley the truth that would make matters worse. She still wanted to know just how Haley knew about what happened to her.

"Something about her" Kara thought.

Haley bought the lie, unlike her Mother or Lilly, she couldn't see if it was a truth, the reading was very blurry.

"Okay. Just wondered." Haley innocently answered while moving a little closer to Lilly.

"You mean like Reiki healing?" Lilly asked, trying to find something to link it to. "Haven't seen it in practice for ages."

Lilly regarded Haley sternly.

"You really shouldn't do that without the person's permission. It's okay if you do it on our family but not a complete stranger." Lilly scolded Haley.

"Sorry..." Haley replied looking down.

"Ah, yes something like that" Kara stated she kept her gaze fixed on Haley. She then looked back at Lily.

"Yes, it's something that was teached and passed down in my family for generations" Kara told Lily.

At that very moment a small breeze blew from the wind across the park. Using just a faint trace of magic enough to shield herself so no one knew it was her. She used the wind a slap Haley on her butt.

"I-I'm sorry about earlier at school yesterday I shouldn't have been so mean to you" Kara told her.

"That's good. Complimentary therapies are dying out with all the new medical advancements. It's nice to see some natural remedies still surviving." Lilly commented.

The wind was aimed at Haley but, instead, it hit Holly. She let out a little yelp and jumped in shock. Holly then looked behind her to see what it was. Haley regarded her sister and whispered something to her. Holly just nodded in response. Holly and Haley then held hands and walked a little closer forward.

"That's alright. I'm sorry as well, I shouldn't have started it." Lilly replied rubbing her left forearm while talking.

The Twins regarded Kara and spoke to her.

"Do you know..."

"...which of us..."

"...just got..."

"...hit by..."

"...an acorn..."

"...Miss Kara?" The twins recited, taking turns speaking to further confuse Kara.

Kara only have listened to what Lily had to say she was still keeping her gaze on Haley or the one she thought was Haley. But it seemed Holly was the one whom got hit instead. She looked over at Holly and then at Haley not knowing whom was which. It seemed that Lily had said she was sorry as well. to her.

"It's my own fault really" Kara told her.

Her eyes never leaving the twins who started to speak to her again. This only seemed to confuse her further. This time she used a stronger gust of wind she placed it a small blade shape formation into it. She used the wind to attack the one named Holly who she thought was Haley.

This blade of wind was meaning meant to slice through something it wouldn't touch their skin more along the lines of cutting through their skirt. If this trick worked than Kara would know who it was.

"Damn you stop it" Kara told them in her mind

The wind was originally aimed at the one who Kara thought was Holly, however, the gust was actually aimed at Haley. It tore a little off her skirt, she used her free hand to cover up the tear, which was just in front of her lime green panties, as she screamed a little.

"No fair..."

"...that's cheating..."

"...there's one..."

"...easy way..."

"...to tell..."

"...the difference..."

"...Miss Kara." The twins chimed again.

"Just ask Lilly." They said in unison.

This time it was Haley who cried out she looked over at her and blushed slightly watching her cover her skirt. With her free hand Kara was getting angry now she knew what to do if she could really embarrasses one of them than it's help point out who it was.

"Damn your tricks" Kara told them.

She used the same attack as before but instead of aiming it at their skirt with was aimed at their panties if caught it'd cut through both sides causing it to fall to the ground. If this indeed did happen Kara would finally know which was the one who asked her the question from before.

Kara didn't hear the last part about asking Lily to focused was she on trying to embarrasses one of them.

The twins giggled at Kara's comment. Lilly just rolled her eyes at the pointless exchanges, she knew which twin was which by a detail which is so obvious that it is commonly overlooked. This, however, didn't only trick Kara, Marie also didn't know who's who when it came to the twins, only Lilly knew.

The wind sliced through the air and it hit both twins, they were standing so close together that the dimensions of the wind cleanly sliced off both their panties. They screamed in unison and used their free hands to hold down their skirts to cover up their exposed privates. A pair of Lime green panties fell from the twin on the left and a pair of yellow panties fell from the right one.

"Pervert!" They both shouted simultaneously.

Kara watched as two pairs of panties fell to the ground. Both twins seemed press their hands into their skirts she still didn't know who was who. When they both cried out pervert Kara nearly lost it.

"Enough!" She shouted.

As stronger gust of wind blew through the area slicing through a tree branch near them. It came crashing to the ground. A few feet away from them Kara looked away from the twins and back at Lily.

"So, what do you want to do?" Kara asked her,

She was still blushing at looking at the pair of panties upon the ground, A small images formed in her mind of what it looked like under both the twins skirts.

The twins jumped away from the falling branch and looked like they were about to cry.

Lilly just sighed and walked over to her half-sisters and petted them on the heads. She then turned to Kara.

"The left twin is Haley and the right twin is Holly. Holly was the one who got hit by the acorn." Lilly stated

"That's right." The twins replied, still a little shaken from the falling branch.

"The easy was to tell is that, when they join hands, Haley's hand is always the one of top. Haley favors her left side more than her right and Holly's the opposite, being more right favored than left. When they stand back to back, Haley's half an inch taller than Holly. The birthmark on their..."

"Ahem!" Haley coughed, trying to mask the word Lilly said.

"...is a little different, too. When they sleep..." Lilly tried to finish.

"T-that's enough! Don't tell her that!" Haley practically begged Lilly.

Lilly turned back to Haley and gave her a little hug.

Kara just watched the events take place before her as Lily went on the explain. Just who each of the twins were to her she reached down and picked up their fallen panties and handed them to the twins.

"What's different when they sleep?" Kara asked.

She wanted to know that then walked over and patted each on the head like. Lily had done earlier before backing away from the group. In doing do Kara crossed her legs together it seemed that the water she had drank earlier was now sending signals to her bladder, Telling her that she needed to use the restroom.

"It's nice to meet you both"

"Well..." Lilly considered her answer.

"Don't tell her! Please!" Haley tried again to convince Lilly not to divulge that information.

"I can't tell you. They won't like it." Lilly finally decided to answer.

Holly backed away a little when Kara bent down to pick up their panties.

"D-don't look..." Holly quietly said.

"Nice to meet you, too, Miss Kara." Haley returned the greeting.

Kara again recross her legs then did so again as she waited for Lily. To tell her the answer but it seemed that she wasn't going to do so. When she nearly heard Haley beg for Lily not to say anything.

"Oh, well then"

She saw as Holly backed away from her this caused her to smile. She made it look like she was planning on looking but really didn't.

She stood back up quickly which wasn't a good thing to do. Since her already swelling bladder sent a signal through out her body Kara suddenly squirmed,

"I hope we can be friends" Kara told Haley.

Haley smiled and Holly just hid behind her.

"There's a stream of water..." Holly whispered as she saw an image similar to it on Kara.

Lilly didn't quite catch what Holly had said but she did see the movements made by Kara.

"Still hurting a little, huh?" She asked, thinking that it was the wounds causing Kara to act like this,

When Holly mentioned a stream of water Kara's squirming increased two-fold. While seeing her whispering to Haley,

"There going to enjoy this?" Kara thought.

She then heard as Lily spoke to her this caused Kara to stop moving around slightly.

"Y-yeah I'm still not 100% yet" Kara told her.

She looked back at Holly and thought or at least tried to think of a way to get her back.

"A puddle...a discolored puddle, and some shoes standing in it." Holly continued, getting more readings.

"A glass of water and a filling container." Haley was now beginning to pick up some readings.

The twins looked at each other and nodded their heads.

"Do you need to pee, Miss Kara?" They asked as one.

Lilly looked at the twins, surprised.

"That's not something you ask! Haven't you heard of privacy?! She's just hurting a little, that's all." Lilly told the twins.

She started squirming when Holly started speaking then even more when Haley joined in on this. She crossed and recross her legs again trying to stop the impending flow. That wanted to escape her she listened as they asked if she needed to pee.

"N-No, I'm just hurting" Kara lied.

Another gust of wind blew through the area as it formed a small unseen barrier. Around Kara which she hoped would protect her from their readings. In the meantime she used the wind to as a sort of tickling breeze against the back of their knees.

"C-Can we find a place to sit down?" Kara asked.

She tried not to squirm around anymore but was having bad luck.

"I can't see anything...?" Holly questioned regarding the sudden blank readings.

"Me neither." Haley also clarified.

The breeze was meant to tickle their knees but instead it hit their exposed privates and blew their skirts up a little, briefly flashing their jewels at anyone in the surrounding area.

"Kyah!" Both girls screamed.

"Lilly, can we please get some...panties?" Haley asked, her voice trailing off at the end.

"Give me a second." She replied. "Can I have your broken ones, please?"

The twins handed Lilly their broken panties.

"Kara, there's a bench back that way. We can sit there if you want." Lilly answered Kara's question, indicating the way to the drink machines and the toilets. Lilly then folded up both pairs of panties into small squares big enough to fit in her hands. She then placed them both on top of each other and cupped her hands over them. A faint red glow emanated from the cupped hands. Once she opened them, she picked out both pairs of panties and they looked just as they did before the wind attacked them.

"Here you go." She said, handing the pairs to their owners.

"Thanks!" The twins smiled back.

This caused Kara to smile when the wind blew up the twins skirts she could have some fun. With these two she then heard Lily point out where a bench was and started walking slowly towards it.

As she was walking she saw the restrooms ahead this only seemed to send bigger signals through her. She suddenly stopped in her tracks when she felt the first spout escape her urethra. Then dampen the crotch of her panties this caused the wind shield around her to weaken a bit. Which meant if the twins wanted they could get a faint reading.

Placing both hands into her crotch Kara started forward again more slowly this time.

"I-I'm not going to make it" Kara thought.

She step Kara took sent a fresh squirt of pee to leaving her body and further dampen her already wet panties. She was at this point digging her hands into her crotch through her skirt.

The twins slipped their panties on under their skirts and headed off towards the bench, noticing Kara stopping, Holly could get a slight reading.

"Another stream, it's tinged a darker colour than water. The puddle, getting bigger and bigger, surrounding the shoes. Small rivulets of water, cascading down something. A large patch forming on some clothing..." Holly read.

"Miss Kara, are you okay?" Haley asked

Lilly followed after the twins.

"Haven't you two had enough fun yet?" She asked them as she passed by to the bench.

Once she started walking again unaware she heard Holly mention water, streams, puddles and things getting wet. This caused the already bursting dam within her to let loose a torrent of pee shot from Kara's poor urethra drenching her already wet panties and welting the front and back of her skirt. A puddle formed underneath her which everyone could see.

"N-No" Kara sobbed.

She started to cry as she filled her eyes this was the second time in two days that Lily had seen her wet herself. Now the twins had seen it and so did people in the park.

"Hey, that girls wetting herself like a baby" Pointed out a boy with red hair and blue eyes he was dressed in a white shirt and shorts.

Other people around Kara started to point and snicker at her.

*005*2014-05-29 01:20

Here is chapter 3 please enjoy.

Chapter 3: Friendships and Feelings

"Miss Kara's sprung a leak?" Holly questioned innocently.

"She's peeing herself?" Haley asked her sister.

"Yes. That's just like my readings. Miss Kara did need to pee."

"She only had one glass of water, can water really affect people that much?

"I guess?"

Lilly noticed the lack of footsteps following her, she turned around and saw the twins looking at Kara. She followed their gaze and saw a puddle form under Kara. She ran towards her.

"Why didn't you say you needed to pee? The twins knew it so why couldn't you just go?" Lilly asked, a little surprised at Kara's lack of awareness of her own needs.

Kara heard the jibes from both the twins this caused her to cry more. In fact other than the glass of water she did for a few cups before leaving her dad's office. She remained standing where she was as Lily came up to her.

"I-I'm sorry b-but I was enjoying or time together" Kara told her.

She looked over at both the twins and look of pure murder in her eyes. Mumbling quietly to herself she called upon the wind shielding herself from their readings. She sent five very strong gusts of wind at them both in attempts to spank both their bottoms very hard.

Each blow that landed would feel like being struck by the bamboo stick that Kara had felt on her backside only yesterday.

"Why spoil a fun time with an accident? We would have waited." Lilly consoled Kara. "I know the twins can seem a little annoying at times but they're just children. They want attention, they don't get any back at home..." Lilly finished, looking down while remembering her own childhood.

Both twins felt the spanks and cried out a little in pain. After the spanks finished, they ran up to Lilly and dived on her, crying.

"Miss Kara's being mean to us!" They both cried. "She's telling the wind to hurt us!"

"That's only because you've been misbehaving. Don't read other people without their permission." Lilly sternly told her half-sisters. She turned to Kara. "Let's get you cleaned up." She said as she started to lead Kara to the toilets.

"I-I;m sorry I should have said something" Kara mentioned. As she told her then about the twins and everything going on with them. Seeing both twins get what the deserved made Kara smile on the inside.

"Serves then right" Kara thought.

Lily then talked to both girls and Kara backed off she created a much stronger shield. Around herself so that they couldn't read her again.

"I did no such thing" Kara lied.

She was then led by Lily towards the toilets.

"Miss Kara thinks she can trick us? She's just like Lilly, except she can tell wind what to do and not fire." Haley quietly said to Holly.

"Yeah, she must have been that girl that Lilly had a disagreement with and got hurt by." Holly answered, remembering a past reading off Lilly.

"Does Lilly know?! Maybe she'll hurt her again!" Haley thought, wondering just why Kara was being so kind to Lilly right now.

"We have to tell Lilly! But we can't let Miss Kara know."

"Right."

Both twins followed after Lilly, they needed to go toilet a little but it wasn't bad. They thought this would be the perfect opportunity. If Lilly tried to discern their plan with mind reading, then it'll be the truth as they did need to toilet.

Lilly and Kara walked into the toilets together. Lilly wanted to tell Kara that she could clean her panties if she gave them to her but she didn't know just what words to use without sounding like she had another motive.

"Um, if you give me your panties while you clean yourself up I can clean them up and they'll be ready for you." She offered, still sounding a little like a panty stalker.

Kara walked into the restroom with Lily behind her she stood there while listening to her. She blushed when Lily asked for her panties.

"Ok I can do that" Kara told her.

She walked into one of the stallings and closed the door behind her reaching down. She pulled her skirt up and slowly pulled down her panties her heart started beating faster at this point. Once done she left the stall and walked over to Lily who she handed her the pair.

Walking over to the sink Kara got several paper towels. Placing them under the sink she turned on the water and placed some soap onto it she started to then. Wipe herself clean she rose the front of her skirt and had her back to Lily as she cleaned her neither regions.

Lilly blushed as Kara handed her the panties she was wearing. She could feel just how wet they were, she washed them under the sink and used a little of her magic to warm and steam-clean them while doing so. Her heart raced as she passed the panties from hand to hand while cleaning them. Once she deemed them to be clean enough, she dried them with some more fire magic.

The twins followed in a little while later. They saw Lilly cleaning Kara's panties and they both blushed and asked her just what she was doing, temporarily forgetting the real reason they were in here for.

"Lilly, what are you doing?! Why are you holding her panties?!" Haley asked.

"She hasn't enslaved you, has she?!" Holly questioned, worried a little by the sudden turn of events.

Lilly blushed at the commotion the twins were making. "I'm just helping her, that's all. I asked to do this."

"You asked to touch her panties?!" Both sisters shouted in surprise.

Kara was still busy cleaning herself down not seeing as the twins had entered into the restroom. And were busy talking with Lily behind her back Kara had finished cleaning herself down. Through away the wet towels before getting some dry ones to help dry the area down.

Once she was done she used a little wind magic to help clean of inside herself. The bare wind touching her peach caused it to tingle with joy. Her outer lips opened a tiny bit and Kara blushed at this.

Once finished she turned around and saw the twins talking with Lily. She walked over to them and placed both hands on both twins shoulders.

"Is everything alright?" Kara asked the group.

The twins jumped at the sudden touch from Kara.

"M-Miss Kara," Haley started. "W-we're just talking about..." Haley tried to think up something quick.

"...a game we played!" Holly quickly added, hoping it would not spark too much of a response out of Kara.

"Girls, please. What are you doing in here? You need to go or something?" Lilly responded.

"Erm, Y-yes, we do. A little." Haley quickly replied, trying to take Lilly's interest off the situation.

"A-anyway," Lilly blushed. "Here're your panties back." She said as she passed the panties back to Kara.

Kara felt both twins jump up as she touched them this caused her to smile again,

"I'm going to have fun with these two" Kara thought,

She listened to them as they said they were talking about some sort of game. Kara moved her hands off their shoulders and slowly moved them down their backs Until she reached their butts and game them a loving pinch.

She moved her hands away As Lily handed back her panties to her, Blushing Kara took them and walked back into a stall and put them back on.

"Did she just..."

"...pinch our bottoms?" The twins asked each other as Kara made her way into the stall.

"I thought you told me you needed to go? Hurry up, we'll be leaving soon." Lilly told the twins.

"Um, we do, but it's not bad. We can hold it for a little while. I don't like using public toilets." Holly answered.

"Well, don't go having any accidents on the way home, alright?" Lilly replied.

"We won't." The twins answered in unison. They did need to go a little more now, but it still wasn't enough to be a distraction.

Making her way back out of the stall Kara joined the small group of girls again.

"So, what should we do now?" Kara asked the group

She again placed her hands upon the twins shoulders. Making tiny but loving movements upon them she again wanted to pinch their butts but decided against it.

She took her hands off them and placed them in front of her.

Holly shuddered at the movements made by Kara, Haley just ignored it.

"Well, I think we should get these two back home, they've still got work to do." Lilly said, looking at the twins.

"Please, Lilly, let us stay. We want to have more fun." Haley pleaded.

"Only if you don't cause more trouble, am I clear?" Lilly said, mocking a stern tone.

"Yes, Lilly." The twins answered.

"We could go into town and hit the arcade, I've got a little money in my jumper pocket." Lilly offered.

"The arcade! Please! Can we go?!" The twins begged, they loved the arcade.

Kara listened to the little thing between the twins and Lily.

'I don't want to get them into trouble maybe we should take them home?" Kara offered,

But it didn't;t seem to work as Lily gave in and let the twins stay with them.

Kara left the bathroom at the point and was waiting outside.

"What's going on with me" Kara thought,

Not really knowing what to do it seemed she had changed so much from just meeting Lily.

The twins, by now, had forgotten what they originally wanted to tell Lilly.

"Let's go." Lilly said as she made her way out of the toilets, the twins followed after. Once they got outside, a low rumbling sound could faintly be heard. It came from Haley.

"I want lunch." She said.

"Me too." Holly added.

"Why don't we all go have lunch. I know I'm hungry as well. If we do, I'm going to have to take out some money." Lilly proposed. She turned to Kara. "Want to join us? My treat."

Kara heard Lily's voice and turned around to face her, She had brought something up about lunch and Kara smiled at this.

"I'd love to" Kara stated.

She looked at both the twins. she was shielded from their reading she began to wonder. Just what sort of games she could play on them as a means to get them back from earlier.

"Where should we go to eat?" Kara asked.

"Okay." Lilly smiled. "We need to go to a ATM first for me to get out some money."

They walked out of the park and Lilly stopped by the nearby bank branch. She used the ATM and checked her bank balance. The screen read '12,500'. She withdrew 100 of that, leaving the balance at '12,400'.

"This should hopefully be enough to pay for lunch and the arcade." Lilly thought as she made her way back to the group.

"Which place do you want to go to?" Lilly asked.

"Somewhere that serves tasty food and lots of sweets." Haley answered

"Somewhere which serves may different fizzy drinks and desserts." Holly replied.

"What about you? Anywhere you want to go in particular?" Lilly asked Kara.

Kara followed the group to the nearest ATM she watched as Lily took some money out from her account. She waited with both Holly and Haley while alone Kara used the wind to poke Haley in the back making sure, That both twins could read that it was her she was shielded from their magic,

Lily soon returned and asked the group where they should go.

"Anywhere is fine with me it doesn't matter" Kara told her.

She again used the wind to lightly brush Holly's face like a lover.

Just doing this filled Kara with excitement.

Haley jumped at the wind poking her in the back, she looked around to see who might have done it.

Holly was scared when the wind brushed against her face, she clung on to Lilly.

"How about 'Sweet Paradise'? That place serves all the things the girls want. They do a pretty good sundae there and they've got this little challenge open to all customers. Holly and Haley practically beg me to let them take part whenever we visit. It's just down this road here." Lilly said, indicating a road to the left of the bank.

"Sweet Paradise!" The twins jumped for joy,

"Sweet Paradise is fine with me I;ve never been there yet" Kara told her. As they all started walking. Kara again used her magic she pressed lightly on Holly's stomach pushing in lightly then send a sweet caress both Holly's thighs.

"She's the one who pleases me" Kara thought smiling.

Her peach was tingling she looked at Haley.

"So, what do you do for fun?" Kara asked her.

Holly was really scared now, the pressure on her stomach made her need for a toilet rise a little. It as now enough to only slightly distract her. The rubbing on her legs caused a shiver to go down her spine.

"Um, well, I like reading and playing games. I also like watching TV." Haley answered. "What about you?"

After a few minutes, they reached a quaint large shop with a huge sign on its roof. The sign had a picture of an ice-cream sundae on it and the words 'Sweet Paradise' written in a font which looked like whipped cream.

"Here we are." Lilly said as they approached the doors.

The tingling within her peach grew in volume as she watched the way Holly acted, A brief image of Lily flashed in her mind of her being the one she was doing this to. Again she did the same thing but didn't touch her chest she played with the top if Holly's panties lightly and gently touching them, Her face flushed.

She heard Haley speak to her.

"I myself like reading, as well I enjoy fantasy" Kara told Haley as they were walking. They soon reached Sweet Paradise She stood to the right of Holly and watched her. Again she pictured it to be Lily and not Holly.

Holly whimpered when she felt the wind tickle the top of her panties. Just what was going on today? Had she upset the God of Wind in any way?

Lilly opened the door and the twins practically ran in and sat at an empty table. Lilly laughed and walked in after them, holding the door open for Kara to enter.

Lilly sat at the table which the twins were at and picked up the menu. She flicked through it and decided what she wanted.

"Can we do the Challenge, please?" The twins begged Lilly.

"No, you're too young. You'll hurt yourselves. Plus, you need someone to do it against and it won't be me." Lilly answered sternly.

"Meanie." The twins pouted back. They turned to Kara.

"Hey, Miss Kara! I challenge you to the 'Mega-Pop' challenge!" Haley demanded.

"Haley, what are you doing?! She won't do it!" Holly cut in.

"Then she's a coward." Haley answered Matter-of-factly

Again Kara played with Holly living out a fantasy that was involving Lily instead of her. The touch of the wind trace the outline of Holly's peach between her legs. Touching it lightly gently much like lover would the wind pulled the front of Holly's panties upwards into her peach.

Kara entered into the building and took a seat with she sat in a booth beside Haley. While Lily sat next to Holly she returned from her fantasy. And saw a menu before her she looked it over quickly and heard the twins mention something about a sort of challenge.

'What's this challenge?" Kara asked.

Something was mentioned about a Mega-Pop not knowing what it was Kara agreed,

"Only if Holly joins in?" Kara asked to Haley.

"Deal!" Haley answered.

"Wh-wha?! I don't want to. It's too much!" Holly whined.

Lilly sighed and shook her head, there was no stopping Haley when she set her mind on a challenge, she was too competitive.

"Basically, the Challengers have got to drink 5 cartons of the King Size pop cups. Each King Size cup holds about 1.5 liters of any drink which is caffeinated or something similar. If you win, you get one free family meal here at this shop. If you lose, then you get nothing apart from feeling bloated." Lilly stated. "However, Haley wants to play it differently. She's added another condition in. The challengers can't go to the bathroom until they've won. If they lose, then they have to hold it in for the rest of the day, or wet themselves. She likes being unfair like that. That's why me and Holly are reluctant to join."

Kara looked over at Holly

"Chicken?" Kara asked.

She looked back at Haley and then at Lily as she explained just what the challenge was. As she was listening she teased Holly's stomach some more only lightly between a few minutes of each other.

"Sounds interesting, but are you really sure you can make it the whole day?" taunted Kara.

She herself wasn't sure if she could make it herself she had never done this sort of thing before. But she was game she wanted to show what she was made of and this was the best chance she would get.

"N-no, I'll lose. I don't want to!" Holly retorted.

"You're stuck with it, and that's final!" Haley demanded slamming both her hands on the table to punctuate her statement.

Holly whimpered in response and tears started to mist up her eyes.

Haley heard the challenge from Kara.

"Think you can? I'll have you know I have quite a large bladder." Haley boasted. lying through her teeth. "This'll be no trouble."

The owner came over to take the orders, he knew the twins and Lilly's names, they were regulars after all.

"I'll have a bubblegum sundae with toffee sauce and two flake sticks." Lilly said.

"Strawberry shortcake ice-cream with strawberry sauce and two cherries." Haley ordered.

"Mint ice-cream with caramel sauce and cookie dough chunks." Holly quietly ordered.

Haley waited for Kara to order.

"Two for the Mega-pop challenge as well!" Haley added, smiling at Kara.

"Are you sure? You've tried that challenge a lot and not managed to do it yet." The owner questioned, a little bit shocked.

"Positive." Haley smiled back. The owner went off to fill the orders and bring back the things needed for the challenge.

"I'm adding one more condition in." Haley started, smiling. "The loser has to admit an embarrassing secret."

Kara listened to what Haley had to see she decided for the time being to stop teasing Holly.

"Yes, I can to honestly think this will be easy I laugh at you" Kara laughed,

The owner came over at took their orders.

"I'll take a cookies and cream with some mint" Kara told him.

The owner left to get their orders ready as she heard what else was added to the challenge. Kara blushed at the thought of having to tell something embarrassing about herself, But she thought of something in return to add to the challenge.

"I have my own thing to add who ever losers this challenge must go with out wearing panties for an entire day starting the morning of the following day" Kara told Haley.

"B-but..." Holly started, tears rolled down her face.

"Deal!" Haley shot in, things were getting interesting.

"Shouldn't you all go to the bathroom before starting this? I know you two still need to." Lilly injected, looking at Holly and Haley.

"Good idea." Haley replied as she headed towards the toilets. Holly followed after. After a few minutes, they returned, the sound of a tap running and toilets flushing preceding them.

"Alright! Bring on the drinks!" Haley called out, wanting to get started as soon as possible.

The owner returned with three King-Sized Cups and a portable drinks dispenser like the ones behind a bar. Various beverages ranging from Coca~Cola to Sprite were available, a total of 30 different drinks lined the dispenser.

"Please, no accidents on the leather seats. They're a bugger to clean." The owner said to the twins.

Haley nodded enthusiastically and Holly did the opposite.

"So, let's start!" Haley said as she filled up her cup with Sprite.

Kara smiled at this things were getting better she went with the twins and went to the bathroom with them before returning to where Lily was at she took her seat besides Holly this time.

'It's ok were all friends here" Kara told Holly.

She herself ordered a coke as the owner brought the three King-Sized Cups to them. Kara got up and took the coke and started to pour it into her cup. She soon finished and started to drink the first cup feeling the ice cream pass through her.

Haley had already starting downing her Sprite, only stopping every now and then to get some air. She secretly trains for this challenge at home, that's why she's able to drink things so quickly, but that also has other effects.

Holly was slowly nursing the Vimto she poured herself, savoring the taste.

Lilly just shook her head at the arrogance of Haley and waited for the ice-cream orders to come.

A few minutes later, after Haley had quarter-finished her second cup, her drinking was slowing down now, the owner came back with the orders. Lilly thanked him and took the serving tray they were on, he returned to behind the counter to watch the outcome of the Challenge. Haley seemed to have gotten a little better since the last time she tried it, Holly, on the other hand, hadn't improved much. He knew she'd probably be the first one out.

Lilly slowly ate her order while watching the girls battle it out for Mega-pop pro. Holly was now paying more attention to her own ice-cream than the contest, she did take the odd occasional drink, but not like Haley. She could already feel the drink filling up her bladder, she had a low tolerance to caffeine after all, it didn't make her hyper, but it did fill her bladder fast.

Haley took some bites out of her order but then returned to drinking, she felt it fill her bladder, she thought she could out drink the effects so she drank faster.

About half of Kara's cup was now gone as she she felt it just pass through her to her bladder. This was something new she needed to get through this to show Haley who's boss. Taking a few bites of the ice cream Kara enjoyed it starting to slow down she didn't;t want. To get an ice cream headache at all that'd truly mess her over, She went back to eating and drinking from the Mega-Cup she soon drained the last of it.

'Burp"

This time Kara poured herself a Sprite she got ready for the next cup. she looked at Haley who seemed to be doing well. Holly on the other hand was taking it slow seems she didn't;t like this challenge much.

Haley had finished her second drink. She seemed to be slowing down a lot now, she let out a burp and started to pour herself a Vimto, like Holly. She fidgeted around in her seat, the drink were getting to her, when she drank some of her third drink, spacing it evenly apart with her ice-cream.

Holly had only half finished her first cup and she was already squirming around.

"You don't have to do this, you know. Leave the fools to their little game, we'll just watch the outcome." Lilly told Holly, who groaned in response and fidgeted around some more.

Holly was now waving her legs back and forth under the table and squeezing her legs together, she couldn't hold out for much longer. She had started on the lowest caffeine drink in hopes of lasting longer, but that didn't seem to work. Tears started to roll down her cheeks as she pushed her hands into her crotch.

"How are you holding out?" Haley questioned Kara. "Ready to give in yet?" She was trying to sound more confident than she felt.

Lilly just watched Holly closely and ate her ice-cream.

Kara had followed Haley's lead and now had finished her second cup as well just gulping it down. It seemed now that Kara started to squirm around here and there but wasn't going to let Haley know she was beginning to need the bathroom. She watched the effects of what this was doing to Holly Kara used the wind to pat her shoulders.

"I'm just fine this is easy how about yourself?" Kara asked to Haley.

She picked out a coke again and started on her third class she fidgeted around like Holly was doing but never the less she was still fine. And dandy she smiled and ate some of the ice cream. Again she used the wind but this time in a matter that said it's ok.

Holly let out small whimpers as she stopped drinking. She was shaking with exertion, trying to hold back the liquid inside her. It battered against her bladder and a large spurt escaped, dampening her yellow panties and causing her to cry some more. She pushed harder, her knuckles turned white with effort and her body shook some more. After a few moments, the shaking stopped and Holly returned to eating her ice-cream, staying far away from any more liquid until she felt like she was fully in control again.

"Never better. I'm a pro at this." Haley bragged as she squirmed a little more.

"Famous last words." Lilly said to no one in particular, causing another cry to come from Holly.

Haley was half finished with her third drink when a wave of urine battered against her bladder, she stifled a cry as a spurt escaped her urethra. She pushed into her girlhood and that plugged it for now. She went back to drinking and eating, she had nearly finished her third cup, she didn't want to lose.

Kara watched Holly something about the way she was acting seemed to sweet and innocent. She wanted to tease her some more to make her wet self but thought against. There was someone else she could try it on. She was still protected from their reading skill so she faced Haley,

"Oh, really?" Kara asked.

She had finished her third cup ahead of Haley yet her fidgeting around was more common now. Something about seeing Holly go through this turned on on she wanted it to be. Lily instead of Holly looking away Kara cast soon wind magic and used it to poke at Haley's chest in a means to make. It harder to finish the challenge as Kara started her fourth cup she felt felt some pee escape her urethra.

This dampened her panties she was wearing she brought her left hand under the table. Pressing it into her crotch.

Holly just couldn't sit still, she was constantly moving around, swaying from left to right, crossing and uncrossing her legs, bouncing up and down. She tried her best not to let out the warm fluids inside her, but she knew she couldn't hold on for much longer. Her movements stopped suddenly, and she curled up into a ball, pushing as hard as she could on her vulva, trying to plug up it.

Lilly caught onto the movements and asked the owner to return with an empty bucket or some other kind of large container which he didn't care much about. He placed it down by Lilly and she stood up and moved it to the left of Holly. She then picked up the girl and placed her over the container, just in time for Holly's dam to break.

As soon as Holly's feet touched the floor over the container, her last line of defense was destroyed. Her warm clear liquid gushed out of her, pouring into the container underneath her with a loud splattering sound. Her yellow panties were flooded with the warm liquid. Holly's urine pooled out of her panties and started trickling down her legs, later absorbed by her socks. She was in floods of tears and embarrassed beyond belief. The gushing slowed down to a light drizzle. The container was half full of Holly's warm liquid.

Lilly bent down and gave Holly a hug, comforting her and telling her that she did a good job, despite being pulled into it against her will. Lilly then glared at Haley, who was watching intently and squirming quite a lot.

After Holly's explosion, Haley was just made aware of how full her bladder actually was, she now started to restless movements which Holly did before her accident. She went back to drinking and, now, just managed to finish her third cup, she then poured herself a Coke and started on her fourth cup, drinking sparingly and focusing more on her ice-cream, which was half finished.

Kara was still on her fourth cup but seemed to have stalled slightly. She was drinking slowly and rubbing away furiously at her mound trying her best to keep it in check. She saw Holly fidgeting around and couldn't take her eyes off her. Her peach was tingling it's outer lips were opening sending it's nectar into her already wet panties. Soon her fingers started to get sticky with her love juices as another squirt escaped her.

She tried to go back to her drink and took a few more sips a quarter of it was now finished. She went back to eating the ice cream yet she she was still busy watching Holly. Just seeing her so helpless was actually turning Kara on she briefly pictured Lily as Holly. A fresh wave of her nectar shot into her panties Kara leaned forward and nearly hit her head on the table. As she heard a hissing sound coming from Holly.

Another squirt and and another followed out of Kara who by now was only half way through. Her fourth cup she tried to keep going but all she could think about was Holly wetting her. She started to blush and looked at Haley who seemed to be mirroring Holly's movements from before.

"Holly's out, it's just us two now." Haley said while fidgeting. Holly's reply was more crying.

Haley was drinking her fourth cup when she suddenly stopped still. Another wave of urine crashed against her bladder like a tsunami, causing a huge spurt to escape her and make the crotch of her lime green panties turn a darker shade of green. Halley whimpered and quickly put her cup down to free up a hand to stop the flow, cringing as the warm wetness of her panties touched her hands. She pushed hard into her girlhood, managing to stop the flow. She was breathing heavily with the sudden exertion.

"This competition is pointless! Why the hell are you even doing it?! You'll only hurt and embarrass yourselves." Lilly stated as she watched Haley struggle against the call of nature.

"Because...I'm..." Haley gasped out. "I...won't give in!"

Haley felt a little better after letting out a little of her bladder's contents, she went straight back to drinking and finished her fourth cup.

"One...more." Haley told herself.

Kara tried to keep going she was pressing her own fingers against her girlhood. Feeling her own juices from Holly's earlier accident which turned her on plus the urine, That was busy leaking out of her poor body with her right hand Kara pushed her skirt up to her waist and was busy rubbing away. At her poor girlhood with both hands and fingers she felt a huge squirt shot into her panties. She jammed both fingers against her urethra barely stopping the flow that wanted to come out. Moving her right hand Kara reached up and slowly started to drink what was left in the cup.

"Y-you won't win" Kara told her,

If one looked they could see some clear fluids on her fingers of her right hand. She then heard Lily speak saying that this was pointless.

"You truly wouldn't know since you didn't join in"

She looked back at Haley she started to cast wind magic on the poor girl. Starting with tickling her sides lightly she had finally managed to finish her fourth cup and finally start on her fifth.

Unlike Holly, Haley wasn't ticklish. She ignored the strange tickling sensation on her side and filled up her cup with some more Coke and began on her final cup.

"I...w.il..l...wi..n!" Haley spluttered out before she started drinking. A pain was lancing through her abdomen and it burned like fire, she fought against the pain as she drank more drink, further aggravating her protesting bladder and causing it to increase the pain, making another large spurt of urine shoot out of Haley.

"I won't give in! It hurts, it hurts! But I can't lose to her!" Haley thought while biting back the pain.

A further spurt shot out, practically soaking her panties. Haley knew that an accident was imminent so she tried to finish off her drink before losing complete control.

She just managed to finish when one final, powerful wave of urine battered open her tired bladder, causing her urine to gush out and drench the panties she was wearing, turning all the lime green on them to a really deep, dark green colour. Haley felt her warm clear liquid soak her legs and the skirt she was wearing, it pooled on the seat under her and overflowed off the edge and fell onto the floor with a rhythmic dripping sound. She was gasping for air as her bladder emptied the remainder of its content onto the seat, leading to it dripping onto the floor.

"I...win..." Haley gasped out, as she showed Kara her empty cup, before bursting into tears of humiliation at her blatantly obvious accident.

"What an idiot..." Lilly sighed as she went to comfort Haley.

Watching as Haley filled her final cup Kara started to down hers as fast as she could. All that she drank just seemed to shot right into her over taxed bladder she had finished a quarter of the cup. When a powerful wave of pain shot through her a large squirt shot into her panties. Kara jammed her fingers against her girlhood to try and stop the impending flood about to happen. She looked at Haley was seemed to be mirroring her own movements but to a different degree,

She felt another then another spurt of urine shot out the seat underneath her was now wet, So was the front and back of her skirt she closed her eyes and started drinking again.

"I-I will not lose to her" Kara thought as a spurt escaped her body,

She removed her hand from her girlhood and used it to place it on the cup as she downed the rest of it in big large gulps she finished her drink at the same time as Haley did hers. Dropping the cup onto the table. She quickly jammed both hands into her girlhood as her dam burst forth sending yellow liquid into her already wet panties.

"Hiss"

Went the sound as she climaxed from her earlier rubbing her treasures juices flowed out as well. Kara started to cry from embarrassment as some of her pee splashed onto Haley's legs,

"Tie" Kara muttered,

She still felt the pee leaving her body.

"This was your own fault! Don't think you'll get any sympathy from me. I warned you two to not do it!" Lilly scolded Kara and Haley like a Mother would do to her disobedient children. "You also dragged poor Holly into this little contest of fools!"

"No fair..." Haley cried out in response to it being a tie.

"As punishment for your own stupidity, you have to stay here until we've all finished our ice-cream before you go and clean yourself up." Lilly finished. "Then, before we can go to the arcade, we have to get Holly some clean clothes. I'm debating whether you two deserve a change of clothes!"

"But Lilly..." Haley sobbed.

"No buts!" Lilly angrily replied.

Kara was still crying as she heard Lily scold her she felt herself blush at this but another feeling. Came over her as she sat there in her own pee first it was shame then it turned to anger. A small powerful gust of inviable wind shot at Lily. From out of no where she was still protected from the twins so no one would know it was her who cast it.

"This was between Haley and me, so shut the hell up" Kara snapped.

She was still feeling mad from before at having Lily yell at her, She started to eat the rest of her ice cream she felt herself begin to shake from feeling so mad. She pushed the cup away from her and got to her feet not looking at either of them Kara walked away from the group. Feeling the looks of everyone else in the store as the pointed and snickered at her.

A small wet trail followed after her as she walked outside and started away from it.

"You two could have seriously..." Lilly went to finish before a large gust of wind shot at her. She could feel the same magic she had done at the school the day before.

"Haley's my sister! I'm meant to be looking out for her!" Lilly retorted as fire started to creep into her eyes.

The rest of the lunch went by in an awkward silence. Nobody uttered a word and the only sounds which could b heard were the twins' crying. Once everyone had finished, Lilly paid the owner the bill and led the twins out, standing behind them to try and cover up the wet patches on their skirts. She used some fire magic to make the patches less noticeable from a distance.

"You two are coming with me." Lilly said to the twins. "If you even feel the slightest need to pee, let me know. I don't want you hurting yourselves any more than you already may have."

" 'kay..." The twins answered.

Lilly led them back up the street, following the small wet trail on the floor, towards their house.

She knew where she was going Kara was heading back in the direction of where her fathers building was. She had left the sidewalk at this point and had entered the sky. She flew but started to slow down she felt the anger build the humiliation at having Lily yell at her. Sure it was her own fault but still that didn't mean she could yell at her,

The very wind around Kara seemed to blow much stronger her clothes began to flicker and change shape, A clear magical aura formed around her as she was soon dressed in her battle clothes like before. The wind turned into a gale as it blew the white clouds in the sky away from her, Forming a clear blue area high in the sky.

"How dare she" Kara yelled.

The wind from around she started to blow across the city.

Lily walked back out on to the main street. She then turned off and headed back to her home, wondering just where Kara had gone.

"Maybe she's too embarrassed. I guess I would be in that situation, I can't blame her for that. Oh well, I guess she'll miss out on the arcade. It's a pity, I wanted to get to know her more." Lilly thought as she turned off the street into her home.

Upon entrance, the twins ran upstairs into their rooms and left Lilly in the main hall. She waited around, fiddling with the change in her pocket and the tickets to the free meal at Sweet Paradise. Her mind went back to the end of the little contest. She thought that Kara looked kind of cute when she was crying. Lilly felt bad for scolding her, but she was just worried about them all. She didn't want them hurting themselves for trying to deny the call of nature.

After a few minutes, the twins came back down, wearing clean, dry clothes. Haley came down wearing a yellow blouse with a light blue skirt and Holly came down with the opposite, a light blue blouse with a yellow skirt.

"Ready for the arcade?" Lilly asked.

"Yes, Lilly." the twins replied as they hurried to the front door to be let out.

The very wind tore threw the city it wasn't ripping up or anything like at the school. But more along the lines of blowing strong like on a very windy day. She shot down from the sky and landed gently upon the middle of the street. Cars suddenly screeched to a halt and slammed on their brakes as they turned to avoid crashing into Kara. Several people who were walking along the sidewalk stopped and looked at her in wonder.

"The arcade" Kara thought.

She turned in the direction of facing north with the wind blowing it shot her that way. Ripping up part of the street as she did so she shot down the street like a bullet.

"Hey, look at that?" People pointed out as they watched her pass overhead.

Lilly opened the door and the twins shot out down the driveway.

"Don't go too far ahead!" Lilly called after them.

Lilly followed them down the drive and met up with them on the street. The wind suddenly picked up, it blew up both the twins skirts, revealing Haley's white frilly panties and Holly's pink ribbon panties. The twins cried out in surprise and pushed their skirts down.

"Gotten windy all of a sudden." Lilly noted. "Hang on to your skirts, girls, don't let them blow up." Lilly told the twins.

Lilly and her companions headed to the street opposite the house, turning down a few side-streets until they reached the commercial district. Opposite the street they came from lay 'Gold Leaf', the arcade.

"Don't spend too much money, you hear me?" Lilly smiled at the twins as they headed towards the entrance.

Still flying down the street above all the on lookers they seemed to point out and say.

"Looks like a speeding bullet"

"Reminds me of that one saying about superman" One said.

A brief images of an arcade entered her mind as she knew where one was. The main one where every kid in town usually went to was the "Gold Leaf" it was located. Around the towns main river bank and Kara flew towards it the wind blowing rapidly around her. A few blocks away from it Kara touched down on the ground.

Starting walking towards it a look of pure murder in her eyes.

Lilly and the twins entered the arcade and went to the main ticket counter. Lilly handed over some money and got a total of 60 tokens to be used on the games and attractions.

"We've got 20 each. After we've used them all up, we'll count how many tickets we've got and see what we can exchange them for." Lilly told the twins. "We must stick together. I don't want you two getting lost. Remember, if you need the bathroom, let me know and we'll go right away. I don't want you to have any accidents because you're too involved in a game. Especially you, Haley."

"Booo." Haley replied as she pouted at Lilly.

The three of them entered the main arcade.

Kara walked towards where the arcade was the wind blow strongly behind her. She was only a block from the arcade she seemed to slow down as a strange thought entered her mind.

"Should I really be doing this?" Kara thought.

The shield that had been around her wavered a bit allowing a tiny reading to be read of wanted. To before it was sealed up again by magic from her she shook her head. She remembered Lily yelling at her the wind around her shot forward towards the arcade where it struck the building. It didn't cause it any harm more along the lines of just shaking the building.

Lilly saw a crane game and Holly ran towards it. She looked inside and saw a cute Moogle plushie, it looked like the Moogles from 'Final Fantasy XII'.

"I've just gotta have that cute toy!" Holly said, indicating the Moogle plushie. "Please, Lilly, please?! You're good at these games." Holly begged.

"Okay, but It's coming from a token of yours." Lilly replied. Holly gave her a token and Lilly started to play the crane. Holly read Lilly while she played, she saw the toy falling into the out basket and Lilly passing it to her. She secretly wished that this future would be true. The toys went close to the out basket, but then it fell, only to be blown into it by a strange divine wind which shook the arcade. Lilly wondered just how she won it. She picked it up from the out basket and handed it to Holly,

"Oh, thank you! Thank you! Thank you!" Holly answered, overjoyed and hugging her toy.

Lilly smiled and they went further into the arcade.

The wind seemed to shake the building further as it battered it from all sides. Kara walked up to the entrance of the building she had used her magic and was now dressed. By in her normal clothes she walked inside she looked around and saw many, Different types of arcades around where she stood she walked forward into it. The building was groaning as the wind struck it from all sides as she walked inside she took a set of stairs. Up to the second level of the arcade she looked around trying to spot Lily.

Or the twins since they'd be with her at this point she soon spotted them. Just further into the arcade Kara left the second level her magic shield left her body as she went down the stairs and ran towards them. The madness was still inside her but she pushed it down.

"Lily?" Kara called out.

Lilly thought she heard someone call her name, she turned in the direction she heard it from and saw the same pink drills she was familiar with.

"Kara?!" She called back in surprise.

The twins turned around and ran towards Kara.

"Miss Kara! We thought you'd left us!" They cried out as they dived onto Kara and hugged her, the wind lifted up the back of their skirts and flashed their panties to any onlooker, including Kara, if she looked down at them.

Kara ran up to Lily the wind was still striking the building from outside and the anger. Within Kara was hidden within her she saw the twins get up and dive on her, Their skirt's flying up showing her their panties Kara blushed at this and was knocked to the ground as they hugged her, Kara's own shirt shot up revealing her own still somewhat wet panties to any onlooker around them.

"I-I needed to take care of something" Kara told them.

She hugged both Haley and Holly but she seemed to hug Holly a little tighter than Haley. She wanted to run her fingers across Holly's body but stopped herself. She let go of both the twins and helped them to their feet. As she helped Holly up Her head leaned closer to Holly's ear.

"Your panties are cute" She whispered for only Holly to hear.

"T-thanks, Miss Kara." Holly replied, blushing at Kara's comment on her panties.

"Take care of what?" Lilly asked. "We've still got tokens to spend." She added, referring to the tokens which the twins and her had.

"I needed to clear my head" Kara told her,

She looked upon Lily there was something in her eyes that seemed to say. You will pay but the feeling went away she looked at Holly again.

"So, what are you guys doing?" Kara asked.

"Well, we're just spending some time having fun, Holly's already got something from a token." Lilly informed Kara. "Do you want some tokens, too? The twins and I are planning on pooling all the tickets we win together and getting something for the three of us. Tokens aren't that much, I just don't like spending a lot of money on things which aren't certainly going to get me anything."

"Miss Kara," Haley started. "Did you tell the wind to blow at the arcade? If you did, you helped Holly get her prize, that's kind of you." Haley hugged Kara again.

Kara listened to what Lily had to say to her she stood near Holly at this time."Sure, I could use some I hope I'm not being to much of a pain" Kara said. She placed a hand on Holly's shoulder she looked at her.

"She's cute" Kara thought as feeling for Holly began to appear in her.

She looked over at Haley who spoke to her next. "Yes, I admit I did I can only use a tiny bit of wind magic but I'm not a full user yet" Kara told Haley. Who hugged her again she was telling a lie to her. The part of her that could fully use this power was sealed away from their readings.

Kara felt a little jealous that it wasn't Holly that hugged her. She leaned in close to Holly again when both Lily and Haley were busy getting the tokens that Kara needed.

"You looked so cute in the ice cream pallor today so desperate so cute" Kara whispered in her ear.

"Alright, I'll be back in a minute." Lilly said as she walked back to the token counter and purchased twenty more tokens. Tokens were cheap, even after buying 80 tokens and the meals earlier Lilly still had roughly half of her withdrawn money left.

"So, you can tell the wind what to do? That's cool!" Haley said, smiling at Kara. She squirmed a little as a need hit her. Haley felt like she needed the toilet a little, normally, at this stage, she'd ignore it as it wouldn't be that bad. But now, it seemed like it skipped a good few stages and it was an apparent, annoying need. "I'll be right back, I need to pee." Haley said before she left to tell Lilly.

"W-wha...? M-Miss Kara, do you...want to do things to me?!" Holly was shaking a little from surprise and fright as she got a reading from Kara, showing Kara pushing Holly on the floor and undressing her. "I-I need to pee, too!" Holly lied, she just wanted to get back to Lilly, she didn't want Kara undressing her.

Lily left to go get the tokens leaving Holly and Haley alone with her, She listened to what Haley had to say to her. "To a certain point like this for example" Kara pointed out the small group was hidden behind some of the arcades so anybody who looked their way wouldn't see what Kara was about to do.

She closed her eyes and a small wind blew at Haley blowing the front of her skirt up. Before stopping and blowing it back down. Kara saw that Haley squirm around the left them alone to go to the bathroom.

Kara said nothing when Holly mentioned something she wanted to do to her. When Holly mentioned she needed to Kara smiled at this. "I bet you do, is your poor bladder bursting?" Kara asked. She took her hand off of Holly.

"Can all you think is nothing but rivers, oceans, waterfalls, lakes, rain and creeks. Imagine your cute little panties getting all wet and sticky with your pee" Kara whispered into Holly's ear.

Holly whimpered as Kara preceded to mention different types of running water. She actually did need to go now, and pretty badly. She pushed the front of her skirt into her girlhood, predicting a need for a plug if her need increased.

"I-I'm going to tell Lilly. She said we should, she didn't want us hurting ourselves by putting peeing off." Holly quietly said to Kara as she slowly walked over to Lilly. She didn't want to move fast for fear of losing control.

Kara followed slowly after Holly she saw her push into the front of her skirt. She quickly walked in front of Holly blocking her way she leaned closer to her. "Oh, your bursting does it hurt?" Kara asked she had a loving look in her eyes as she looked at Holly. She reached out and took hold of the hem of Holly's skirt and played with it.

"If you go I'll help you out with something" Kara told her.

She ran her fingers across Holly's hands.

Holly whimpered a little more when Kara stood in front of her.

"P-please, Miss Kara, let me go and talk to Lilly. I really need to pee." Holly replied, tears starting to mist up her eyes.

She stood there, in front of Kara, and started to bob from side to side and push a little harder on her girlhood. Her whimpering increased and turned into small sobs.

Kara watched as Holly whimpered a little more she danced around before her. Kara saw the tears in Holly's eyes she reached out standing up and took hold of Holly's hand.

"Oh, ok" Kara said.

She really wanted Holly to have an accident before her. She led Holly by the hand over to where Haley and Lily were.

"Where's the restroom Holly needs to go?" Kara asked.

"It's just behind the Ice Hockey tables down that way. Follow the signs on the ceiling." Lilly answered as she indicated the direction the toilets were in and the signs on the ceiling saying 'Toilets' and pointing an arrow in the direction they were in. "I'll take Haley along as well. It's just that Holly doesn't like using public toilets alone." Lilly added.

Lilly followed them along, showing that she wasn't about to leave the twins and have fun without them.

"T-thanks, Miss Kara." Holly quietly said as she walked hand in hand with Kara towards the toilets.

Kara led Holly on as the followed close behind Lily and Haley as the followed the arrows. Overhead and passed by the Ice Hockey tables they were getting closer though. Kara soon stopped a short distance away from them she turned around and face Holly.

"This might scare you but I'm doing it to help" Kara told Holly.

She let go of Holly's hand and reached under her own skirt and pulled down her own panties. Kara stepped out of them she knelt down in front of Holly.

"Please don't be scared I'm doing this to help" Kara said.

She then reached under Holly's own skirt and pulled her panties down her legs. Before lifting Holly's feet out of them she placed Holly's pair in her pocket and pulled her own. Panties up Holly's legs until they were under her skirt.

"I know were close to the toilets but if you have trouble you can use my panties you don't want to ruin your own do you?" Kara asked.

She took Holly's hand again and they started towards the bathroom again.

"Oh, and please call me Kara"

However as they were still walking Kara used some of her magic this was part. That she had sealed away from everyone the twins could read this part of her at all. Slowly images began to form in Holly's mind various images of her wetting herself earlier at the Ice Cream shop. These images kept on appearing.

"Such, a little baby wetting yourself like that does the baby need to start wearing a diaper?" A familiar voice said inside Holly's mind the voice belonged to Lily.

"I can't wait until tomorrow soon everyone will see you not wearing a panties, plus once I tell everyone your darkest secret you'll be the laughing stock of the whole town" This time Haley's voice spoke.

Holly gasped and turned away as Kara took off her panties in front of her. She thought this would be the start of the reading she got off Kara before.

"M-Miss Kara, w-what are you doing?!" Holly stammered out while turning bright red.

As soon as Holly's panties were pulled down, a spurt of her warm clear fluid shot out of her urethra and landed on the material of her panties, which were currently half-way down her legs. She was about to shout for Lilly when she heard Kara explain herself.

"W-wha...okay..." Holly quietly said. "B-but M-, I mean, Kara, are you sure?"

Holly then heard some voices in her head and she saw images in front of her eyes. These images betrayed her own memories of the events which happened earlier. She wasn't sure what to think of them, she was scared by them.

"They wouldn't say that about me. Lilly's not that kind of person and neither is Holly. Just what do they mean? How can I see things I haven't even witnessed?" Holly thought past these images.

Lilly noticed the pained and confused look on Holly's face so she secretly read her surface thoughts. Just what was she on about? What did she see?

As soon as the images appeared within Holly's mind they seemed to vanish altogether, Kara took notice in this seeing as they weren't having the sort of effect that she would have liked. Instead Kara walked Holly to the entrance to the bathrooms she stopped and turned around. After having listened to what Holly had to say to her.

"Yes, I'm sure but were here now Lily and Haley should be going inside if you want you can join them" Kara told her.

She gave Holly's hand one last gentle squeeze before letting go she turned and left Holly there. Disappearing around a corner so that she wasn't seen. It seemed that the wind outside suddenly increased it power slamming into the building again and again. Kara stood there she was angry she had thought her trick might of worked but it didn't.

Lilly looked at Holly and wondered just what she was on about.

"Should I ask her? Or shouldn't I? She may hate me for reading her mind without her permission. I keep telling her not to do that with other people." Lilly thought as she led the Twins the final stretch to the bathrooms.

"Remember to wash your hands. And, Haley, remember to keep the dryer blowing while Holly pees, you know how she's scared of other people hearing it. Also, don't take your panties off and go around without them on, it's unbecoming of a young lady." Lilly told the twins as they walked into the toilets. A few seconds later, she heard the dryer blowing without a tap running before it, she concluded that Haley let Holly go first.

"At least she remembered one thing. Still, should I ask Holly about it?" Lilly thought while she waited.

Kara was still angry about the last events that had took place she noticed another one of those machines. That had a similar toy that Holly had one earlier she walked over to the machine and placed inside a token she began to play the game moving the little machine hand. To the stuffed toy that she wanted one looked like a moggle and another looked like a chocobo. Closing her eyes Kara used some magic.

To make sure that the machine hand would grab the toys that she wanted. Once it did Kara gathered both stuffed toys out of the machine and walked back to the bathroom. She walked inside and saw Lilly and walked over to her.

"Oh, is it ok if I got the twins some more animals?" Kara asked.

She showed Lily the moggle like animal along with the chocobo looking one as well.

"Oh, the the one in my right hand is for Holly and the one in my left is for Haley" Kara told her.

The moggle one was in her right hand and the chocobo one in her left.

Lilly was gazing off out of the window in thought, wondering just what had gotten Holly so confused and worried.

"I won't tell her, she wouldn't like it." Lilly thought, she won't tell Holly about the reading she got.

She was startled by Kara's question to her.

"Yeah. Thanks!" Lilly smiled. "They just can't get enough of stuffed toys. They have a whole room dedicated to their collection back at home."

The sound of a toilet flushing could be heard, later followed by a tap running and a dryer blowing. Holly walked out of the toilets and rejoined the group.

"Haley said she'll only be a minute." Holly informed Lilly.

Kara stood there and saw that Holly walked out of the toilets first she walked up to her. "This is for you" Kara said as she handed Holly the stuffed moggle toy. She stood near Holly "So, what do you like to do for fun?" Kara asked as she walked back over towards Lily.

"Haley I've got something for you?" Kara called out.

She remained standing there the sound of the wind slamming into the building increased shaking it every so often. She turned and looked over at Lily and thought of something "what about yourself what do you like to do for fun?" Kara asked.

Holly face seemed to light up upon seeing the toy offered to her by Kara.

"Thank you, Kara!" She cried out in joy as she dived onto her and gave her a huge hug.

"Well, I like reading and gaming and playing with animals and stuffed toys and..." Holly listed.

Another flushing sound could be heard, followed by the same sounds from earlier. Haley walked out of the toilets, her blouse pocket seemed to bulge a little more from the tokens in it, or maybe something else?

"Much better." She said as she walked back to the group. Kara offered her the other toy. This resulted in a delighted happy laugh from Haley and another hug for Kara. "Thank you so much!"

"Well, I like reading, internet surfing and gaming." Lilly answered, a little surprised from the question.

"Don't forget playing with animals, especially kittens." Haley added in, resulting in a blush from Lilly.

Seeing Holly's face light up seemed to fill Kara with joy and soon leaped at her. Giving Kara a huge hug Kara brought Holly closer and returned her hug. A tingling in her peach started and as much as she wanted to hold Holly longer knew she couldn't Kara let go of Holly. She smiled in return to her so wanting to pull her close again her tingling sensation increased. She quickly pushed those thoughts aside.

"I'm glad you like it, if you want I can win you more?" Kara asked.

She listened to what else Holly had to say to her.

"What sort of reading do you like?" Kara asked.

She heard the sound of a toilet flushing and out walked Haley who took. The other toy and gave Kara another hug in return.

"Your welcome" She said.

Kara turned to face Lily in doing so she squirmed slightly not from needing the bathroom. More along the lines of Holly's touch had turned her own. These very thoughts Kara shield with her strongest protective magic.

"Oh, kittens are cute I like it when they meow and purr" Kara told her.

"Can you?! That would be so awesome!" Holly replied happily.

"I like fantasy, romance and adventure." Holly answered.

"Y-yeah, they're cute, I guess." Lilly replied, still blushing.

"Do you know the part of kittens she really likes? She loves just how soft their paw pads are." Haley added in, resulting in a glare from Lilly. "What? Did I say something wrong? Anyway, we've got tokens to spend and prizes to win!" Haley said as she started to make her way back to the main arcade. When she jumped down the two steps leading into the main gaming area, the back of her skirt flew up a little, flashing her bare peach to Holly, who blushed and walked on.

"So she's took her panties off again?" Holly thought. "How can she do that in such an open place?!"

Kara still listened to what Holly had to say to her and smiled she leaned down closer to Holly.

"Yes, this will be a special thing though" Kara told her.

She moved away to be standing beside her as they walked towards another game Kara wanted. To reach out and take her hand again but felt nervous as she listened to more.

"What type of romance do you like?" Kara asked.

She could see that Lily was still blushing and decided to tease her only a little.

"You, look cute when you blush" Kara said.

She then heard Haley speak about cats again she was about to say something else. When she saw Haley jump up and town the back of her skirt blowing up to reveal her peach. To those behind her seeing this Kara squirmed lightly remembering that she herself was bare as well.

"I just like romance in general. As long as it's true love, it doesn't matter what other people think of it. Just because society says that girls can't love girls and boys can't love boys, it doesn't mean that they don't have true feelings of love for each other." Holly replied passionately.

"S-stop it!" Lilly answered, still blushing.

As Lilly walked along with the group, she noticed the slightly larger bulge in Haley's pocket.

"Does she really have that many tokens left? I didn't think 20 tokens would cause that large a bulge. Unless..." Lilly thought,. She considered the possibility of the bulge being caused by something else but dismissed it with a shake of her head.

"So, any particular game anyone wants to go to first?" Lilly asked the group.

Kara walked slowly beside Holly her bare thighs rubbing together her peach was still tingling. She pictured that it was Holly as the one who flashed her instead of Haley. A small wetness formed on her bare peach she squirmed around a little more. Pushing those thoughts aside she listened to Holly.

"I'm not really into boys loving boys I'm mainly into girls loving girls" Kara suddenly said,

Her face turning really red as she had said that aloud. She turned and looked over at Lily who was still blushing.

"Can. I win you a kitty toy?" Kara asked.

She again heard what Lily had to say to the group and wasn't sure just what she'd want to do.

"I'm not really sure Haley maybe one of the twins can pick out a good game for me?" Kara asked.

"Really? You'll do that for me?!" Lilly's eyes seemed to glow in response before she returned to her usual look. "I-it's not that I want you to do it, i-it's just that I want to see how good you are at the games here." Lilly added in while blushing slightly.

"The Dance Game!" Haley shouted as she ran near a pair of dance mats and a screen. "I wanna see Holly verse Kara!"

"M-me? Verse Kara?" Holly stammered out, clearly not wanting to do it. "B-but I'm no good at those games. I have no sense of rhythm."

"Don't lie! I know how you always pester Lilly to play those games with you back at home." Haley pouted. "It's true that you've got nothing on the dancing pro that is me." Haley puffed her chest out in pride.

"I'm doing it to be nice a way to make things better between us" Kara pointed out. She still saw that Lily was blushing and just smiled "you'll see in time, you'll see in time" Kara told her. When she then heard Haley shot this caused her to job slightly causing her own skirt to fly up slightly. Raveling her thighs to the group blushing Kara jammed her hands down into her skirt.

"B-but I've never danced before let alone tried one of these games" Kara told everyone.

The thought of her vsing Holly made her feel happy but also caused Kara to feel scared. She was completely bare under her skirt if they saw that what would they think.

"C'mon, it'll be fun!" Haley answered. "If you want to step straight into expert level, then verse me or Lilly first!"

"H-hey! Who said I was going to dance?" Lilly shot back.

"Please, Lilly, verse me first so we can show these two what a true dancing pro is!" Haley begged, putting on her best puppy dog eyes.

"Fine, I'll do it." Lilly gave in, she couldn't say no to Haley's pleading eyes.

"Yay!" Haley shouted for joy a she jumped onto the dance mat, sending her skirt up once again.

"Kara. I-I think I've got something of yours." Holly nervously said as she pulled down her panties, blushing profusely as she did so. She took them off and handed them back to Kara. "C-can I please have my panties back." Holly asked, as she shook from nervousness a little while holding her skirt down.

Kara watched the events take place between both Haley and Lily she wasn't paying much attention. To what was going on she then heard Holly speak to her. She turned to her and watched as Holly reached under her skirt and took her panties down. Blushing she watched as she handed them back to her.

"Yeah, here" Kara said.

She reached into her own pocket and handed Holly back her own panties. She quickly took her own and pulled them up her legs just having them on again and knowing they touched. Holly's own treasure caused her to move around abit. Kara stepped away from Holly a few steps "T-thank you" Kara stammered out her hands playing with the hem of her skirt.

"W-would you like to do something as we wait?" Kara asked.

"L-likewise." Holly replied. "I would but Haley'll flip if I did. She wants to show you just how good she is at things, that's a way in which she tries to get a person's attention." Holly stated in response to Kara's offer.

Haley put two tokens into the dancing machine and chose a song which she knew she'd do well in. It was a song from a popular music anime she likes to watch. Haley and Lilly went at it, Lilly closely matching Haley's score nearly the whole time but she soon overtook her with more 'Perfects' than Haley. In the end, Lilly won by a landslide of 'Perfects', nearly the whole of the notes she hit were perfect scores.

"Well, there you have it, Little Miss Dancing Pro." Lilly teased Haley.

"Lucky!" Haley pouted.

"And that was even with an injured leg." Lilly shot back as she limped over to the seats by the machine. It turns out that the added exertion from the dancing had caused her stab wound to hurt again.

"You're up, Holly!" Haley called Holly over, she knew she could beat Holly.

"Why me?" Holly moaned as she walked over to the machine.

"Couldn't she show me on another game I've never danced before let alone tried this" Kara told her as she listened to what Holly had to say to her she then looked, Back over at Haley and Lily who started their own match after watching it a bit it soon ended and Haley had won after all. Lily then went to sit down and Holly went up once Haley called her over.

Leaving her alone Kara felt a little sad and jealous she was enjoying her time with Holly. She didn't want to be alone right now if one looked closely they could see that Kara had a slight. Sad look upon her face she turned and walked over to Lily and sat down next to her.

"I'm actually nervous to be soon playing this game I don't even know really what to do"

"Well, I did it on the hardest difficulty to show Haley up. If you want, you can lower the difficulty of your own song choice to one which suits you. All you need to do is step on the glowing arrows in time with the beat of the song." Lilly informed Kara. "Go easy on Holly, she's likely to lose to Haley and feel a little down. I'm not saying let her win, I'm just saying give her a fighting chance. She's still quite the dancer, despite her reluctance."

The match went on between the twins. They both played another song on the hardest difficulty, Haley only won by two more perfects.

"Beat you!" She taunted as she stepped off the machine. "I told you I'm a pro at this!"

"You only won by two points! that's hardly a victory compared to how Lilly beat you!" Holly shot back.

"Doesn't matter, I still won!" Haley finished as she walked towards Kara. "Your turn. No backing out!"

Kara listened to what Lily had to say to her about the game she still wasn't really feeling up to it.

"But I'm still not sure about this" Kara told her. She looked over at Holly who stepped up to the game and she saw Haley walk up to her.

"C-can we try another game instead?" Kara asked.

She was getting scared now but the look in Haley's eyes meant that wasn't happening right now. Giving in Kara walked up to the machine she looked at Holly.

"I hope I do good" Kara said.

"Me too." Holly answered. "I'm sorry you got dragged into this, Haley's a bit difficult to deal with. She's grown up thinking that the only way she'll ever get attention is by besting others at just about anything. I was also brought up like that but I'm not as stuck to it as Haley is."

She picked a song and set it to the same difficulty as Kara would.

"I'm ready when you are." She said.

Haley joined Lilly on the seats,

"You really shouldn't drag your sister into you petty little games." Lilly told Haley.

"If I don't then nobody else would do it with me." Haley answered while looking at the two on the dance mats.

"Maybe they would if you asked them nicely and wasn't so boastful when you won."

"I would, but it's not that easy..."

Kara followed Holly up to the dance machine and listened to what she had to say. "You don't seem really like that if fact you sweet and caring plus a little shy. That's what I like about you is that your a true friend" Kara said blushing as she finished talking to Holly who was busy picking out a song.

She followed suit and picked out on for herself she set the difficulty to the lowest setting. She moved back and stood on the dancing mat.

'I'm ready" She said.

Soon the game began and the music started playing Kara had chosen a song from her own. Favourite anime soon the arrows came up upon the screen and Kara at first started to match the beat of the arrows but after sometime the arrows seemed to come out faster. She had managed to get a couple of "Prefects" but they were far and in between most of the time. X's appeared on Kara's side of the game meaning she was doing quite badly and wasn't getting a really good score.

Soon the song game to an end and the game ended Kara stepped down. From the dancing machine and looked at her score it was really high only around 100k. She looked back at Haley and thought of something to get her back.

"I challenge you to a game of Ice Hockey" Kara said.

Holly just blushed at Kara's comment.

"Th-thanks."

As the song was on the easiest difficulty, Holly had no trouble hitting perfects. She looked over at Kara's side of the screen and saw that she wasn't doing as well. Holly then purposefully reduced her own score to not completely crush Kara's. Holly purposefully hit 'greats' and 'goods' and the odd occasional 'x', she done it in such a way that it wasn't obvious to anyone. Lilly managed to see through it, though.

"She's a nice girl, unlike her sister. Haley wouldn't have second thoughts about obliterating her opponent's score." Lilly thought, smiling at Holly's kind nature.

At the end, Holly had beaten Kara by only 15k points and a few more perfects.

"Not bad. You did quite well!" Holly congratulated Kara.

Kara challenged Haley to an Ice Hockey game. Haley was surprised that Kara actually wanted to challenge her.

"You're on!" Haley replied, jumping off her seat and sending her skirt flying up a little, showing her treasure to any onlooker. "Loser has to admit another embarrassing secret! We've still got that to do from earlier, we'll do it over a snack later."

"Thanks" Kara mentioned she herself blush lightly at Holly's remark about how well she did on the game.

As Kara kept her gaze upon Haley she saw as she jumped up her skirt fly up. Showing her a clear look at her treasure her own tingled more as she picture Holly there instead. Even Lily entered her mind she juices seeped into her panties as she blushed redder.

"Um, Haley shouldn't you put on some panties?" Kara asked.

She turned away and looked back at Holly her face flushed her breathing came quicker. She quickly turned away and started to head towards the Ice Hockey table. She soon reached it and grabbed a small white puck and one of the hand grips to hit it with. As she stood beside the table her thoughts were running wild. Her treasure tingling like crazy she felt moist between her legs. Her panties turning damp from her juices.

The others soon reached where Kara was and she turned back to face them.

"Ok, but also the loser has to kiss the winner or someone of their choice" Kara stated.

"But it feels so good without them. The breeze feels great and it's more healthy this way as there's nothing pushing against my skin." Haley answered Kara's question.

Lilly didn't hear what had been exchanged between Kara and Haley, she was lost in her own thoughts. She only noticed that they were moving on when Holly tugged on her jumper. Lilly followed the rest of the group to the Ice Hockey Table.

"Where's the fun in that? That's too good for the loser to do, I think the winner should be able to do that." Haley replied to the addition of rules. "I'm ready when you are." Haley picked up her own hand grip and prepared to block the first shot.

"But, that's embarrassing plus your flashing everyone" Kara stated. As she sent a tiny gust of wind to blow at Haley's peach between her legs they soon both took up positions as she. Heard the rest of what Haley had to say to her. "Fine the winner can do it but, the loser has to be the winner slave for an hour" Kara told her.

She nodded at Haley's reply about being ready Kara shot off the puck towards the goal. On Haley's side of the table and she blocked it sending it back towards her. Soon the puck was moving from side to side with both Kara and Haley each scoring goals. Along with blocking them the game was rather close and the scores about even.

"I won't lose"

"Hope you like the slave life." Haley taunted back.

Each time Haley knocked the puck back her skirt flew up a little, flashing anyone who was standing behind her. A multitude of arcade goers came to the Ice Hockey table to see the spectacle.

The scores were close and the outcome undecided. Each player seemed to be matching the other in skills. If Haley wanted to win this, she'd have to do something out of the box. She considered her options carefully, trying to decided on what would be the best way of reaching the outcome she wanted. With all the bouncing around, Lilly finally noticed that Haley wasn't wearing her panties.

"HALEY!" She shouted. "P-put your p-panties back on right now!"

"Huh?" Haley was momentarily distracted by Lilly's outburst.

The rest of the arcade now came over to the Ice Hockey table in hopes of seeing this pantiless girl.

It seemed that quite the crowd of on lookers were forming around the pair. As they battled on the Ice Hockey table the game was still rather close as each of them. Blocked and scored with each attack upon the puck Kara then took notice that Haley's skirt kept flying up. With all her bouncing around she herself saw it blushing she placed the memory. Out of her mind the best that she could since Haley's score seemed to pull ahead a few points.

When Kara was busy watching her she pictured that it was Holly there instead. She herself bounced around a little showing her own panties to any on looker. Not wanting to lose she returned her attention back to the game and soon saw that Haley had become distracted. Momentarily when Lily had called out to her.

"Perfect" Kara thought.

She was quickly able to regain control of the game and even pull ahead. By a few points when after a couple more blocks and goals from each player. Kara slammed the puck home on the final play scoring the winning goal.

"I win" Kara shouted with joy.

The game was decided, Kara had won.

"No fair! Lilly distracted me!" Haley groaned.

Lilly then went up to Haley and pulled her panties out of her blouse pocket.

"Panties on, now! Else I'll send you home!" Lilly demanded, blushing at the publicity of the situation.

"Fine!" Haley pouted as she put each leg into her panties and pulled them up, giving one final, obvious, complete flash to all of the onlookers of her girlhood. "Happy now?!"

Lilly couldn't help but blush some more at the way in which Haley had interpreted her demand. Holly just stood at the side and watched it all play out, she knew that Haley will find a way to remove her panties again.

Kara watched what went on with Haley and Lily she saw that Holly was standing alone. Also watching the events she then walked over to her. "How are you doing?" Kara asked her wondering just how she was doing. As she waited to hear Holly's reply back to her she noticed that the crowd was thinning turning around she called out to both Lily and Haley.

"I'm getting hungry wanna go for a snack?" She called out.

She turned back to Holly once more a blush came across her cheeks again, She thought of something to say to Holly.

"Can I tell you something later, I don't want to upset you or scare you but I'd like to tell you something?" Kara asked.

"I'm okay. I'm just not one for such...crowded places." Holly replied.

Lilly was busy scolding Haley for the removal of her panties, constantly reminding her that it is not something which a young lady would do. Haley just took it all in, she had heard it all before and she knew that Lilly was just running out of creative ways to scold her for her little habit. Once the scolding was over, Lilly heard Kara ask a question.

"I guess we could do that. I'm pretty hungry, too, and I'm sure that you've got something to discuss in regards to you little wagers." Lilly answered. "Snack bar is this way." She led the group to the right of the main desk towards a small tiled eating area.

"Um, okay. I guess so." Holly quietly responded.

Kara listened to what Holly had to say to her.

"Would you have liked to be somewhere else maybe alone?" Kara asked,

She turned around when she heard Lily's question she blushed again at part of it. "Yeah, your right about that" Kara replied.

Not really enjoying what she had to say about her own secrets. She reached out with her hand so that Holly could take it if she wished. As they started to the eating area.

"I, um, er...okay." Holly answered. "I just...um...don't know what to say to that."

Holly took Kara's offered hand as Haley walked past. She stood in front of Kara and did a mock curtsey.

"Guess I'm your servant for the next hour, Mistress." She said, looking down and shuffling her right foot back and forth. She then followed on after Lilly.

The reached the eating area and found a vacant table. Lilly indicated for Haley to sit down at it.

"So, the menu's on the table. Once you've decided I'll go and get the food." Lilly said as she took her own seat. "No discussing stuff without me, I don't want Haley getting away with lying about herself."

"Like I'd do that..." Haley answered. Lilly just rolled her eyes.

"If she doesn't tell the truth, then I'll let her most embarrassing secret be known." Lilly responded to Haley's statement.

With Holly's hand in her own they started walking towards the eating area. :

'Do, you really like being alone maybe or do you wish you had a nice friend?" Kara asked.

She then saw Haley walk in front of her and curtsey.

"If you please me, I'll go easy on you" Kara told her as they entered into the eating area. She soon let go of Holly's hand and sat down and looked at the menu of food.

"I'd like a hamburger with now cheese and some frys with a large cola" Kara told Lily.

She then listened to what both Lily and Haley had to say to each other.

"Once you get back I'll go first then" Kara said.

"I've never really thought of that. I never feel lonely as I've always got Haley with me. Lilly also tried her best to spend as much time with us as possible but she's also got her own studies to focus on. Ever since we were very little, Haley and I have always been together, just us two. No one else ever wanted to get to know us due to what family we were from. Most people in this town all look towards our family for money when they need it. Our family provides but Mother expects not only the lent money to be paid back, she expects interest per month lent back as well. It's always been us two, in our own little world. That's why Haley's like she is, no one ever paid her any attention, so she thought that if she beat them they'd respect her more and spend time with her." Holly answered.

"Chicken bites with fries and a large Vimto!" Haley ordered.

"Cheesy Chips with salad and small bottle of orange juice, please." Holly requested.

"Alright, I'll go and get them now." Lilly said as she got up off her seat. "Are you sure you want a large Vimto, Haley? haven't you had enough of that?" Lilly asked, remembering Haley's earlier episode at the Ice-Cream shop.

"Yes! No ifs, buts or maybes." Haley retorted.

Lilly sighed and went to get the orders. After a few minutes, she returned with a large tray of food. She placed it in the middle of the table, took her own order from it and sat down.

"Alright, let's get started on this agreement, then." Lilly said while opening her pasta pot.

Kara took in all that Holly had to say to her.

"Well, I'm here with you guys spending time with you, getting to know you. I wish that Haley acted like you do I'm up for challenges and all but getting respect that way doesn't really help much" Kara told her as Lily went to get each of their orders.

"I myself have been alone, I'm not really used to spending much of my time with others" Kara said. She was about to go into more about herself when Lily returned with their meals. She soon took her own and then knew it was time to reveal her own secret. She soon decided on what she was going to say.

"I-I like girls, I mean I like them alot I think they look really cute in the outfits they where. The color of their hair and eyes I really like seeing them wearing skirts. And hope sometimes I can see their panties or at least see the color of it." Kara stated.

She took a sip from her drink.

"I sometimes fantasize about them at night dreaming of them naked together with me in my bed. I often times pleasure myself just thinking about them I to enjoy seeing them desperate for the restroom seeing them makes me tingle. I think they look so cute and helpless that I really want to see them wet themselves" Kara added.

She was blushing and getting misty eyed as she was telling them this.

Holly and Haley listened intently at what Kara said.

"So, you're a shut in?" Haley asked Kara.

The three of them blushed at this, not knowing just how to reply.

"You're a shut in and a girl lover? Plus you like seeing girls pee themselves?" Haley asked, mouth agape.

"Present audience taken into account. I think we should stop there." Lilly quickly cut in. "Who wants to go next?" Lilly asked before starting on her food.

"I-I'll go next." Holly quietly said. "Unless Haley wants to."

"No, I'm fine just eating here." Haley answered before eating a chicken bite.

"Well, I don't know how to say this..." Holly started. "I've never been good with crowds at the best of times. I don't like the feeling it give me, it makes me feel like I'm small enough to be stepped on and forgotten about. It's even worse if they're crowds of boys. I'm... Andra...andri..." Holly said.

"Androphobic." Lilly finished the word for Holly.

"Yes, that. I'm scared of boys. Every time I come close to one I feel like crying. It's even worse if I need the bathroom. It's happened once before, I was walking to the bathroom at school and there were a few boys playing around inside the girl's bathroom. I walked in, not knowing this and nearly walked into the back of a boy. As soon as I realized that I was surrounded by boys, I just couldn't hold it any more. I wet myself, in front of a lot of boys." Holly finished, she was starting to cry a little.

"Yes" Kara replied.

She was now crying she didn't really know what they'd think of her now. she just sat there not touching her food or drink as Haley asked her another question. She only nodded at this before Lily spoke up and Holly then decided to go next. As Kara listened to her tale she was still crying when she heard that Holly had wet herself in front of a group of boys she really started to cry. Her peach was really moist now.

Kara reached over and hugged Holly for only a moment before letting go of her. She felt like getting up from the table and she soon did. Standing up she looked at each of the three pairs of eyes looking right at her.

"I-I'm sorry" Kara told the group.

She placed some of her own money upon the table as a means of paying for her meal. She then started to walk away from the group still crying as she did so.

"Does this mean our little agreement is off?" Haley asked nobody in particular.

"Haley, be quiet." Lilly replied as she started off towards where Kara was heading.

"What's wrong with Kara?" Holly asked. She considered following Lilly but thought against it. One person is enough.

Kara soon walked over and stood near the restrooms she was crying. She stood outside them her need to rub her itch between her legs was back two-fold but she was also really sad.

"W-what will they think of me now?" Kara said to herself.

She was crying opening.

'W-what about Holly and Lily even Haley for that matter" Kara sobbed.

Lilly followed Kara back to the toilets and saw her standing outside. She wanted to go up to her and ask her what as wrong but she wasn't sure if Kara wanted to be alone or not.

Holly was wondering what was taking Lilly so long to bring Kara back. She wanted to follow after them.

"I'm just going to the toilet." She made that excuse to Haley.

"Do you want me to come with you?" Haley asked.

"No, I'll be fine. Lilly will go with me. Just wait here."

Holly followed in the footsteps of Lilly and saw the two of them by the toilets. Holly saw how apprehensive Lilly was at going to Kara. Holly hoped that the little conversation they had earlier was enough to get Kara to open up to Holly. She walked over to Kara and gave her a hug.

"Kara, what's wrong? Why are you crying?" Holly asked as she hugged her.

Still crying she saw as Lily went into the toilets leaving her alone. She was alone for sometime before she heard footsteps behind her not knowing who it was. She felt herself being pulled into a hug and Holly's voice ask her what was wrong.

"I-I shouldn't have said that to you guys, I'm scared of what you think of me" Kara sobbed,

She seemed to melt into Holly's hug,

"I-I enjoyed your accident I even tried to make you have one. I liked seeing Haley wet herself as well" Kara cried she squirmed around in Holly's arms.

"Don't worry, we all have our own likes. As long as you don't make me do it I won't mind. Please, with something like that, you need to let the other person feel safe doing it. Like with my own ability, I won't do it unless the other person knows I'm doing it." Holly comforted.

Seeing Holly go in after Kara, Lilly went back to the table to keep Haley out of trouble.

"So, what's taking her so long?" Haley asked.

"Still the same as ever, huh? Just eat and don't talk." Lilly answered, misinterpreting just what Haley had said.

Haley said nothing as she went back to her food.

Listening to what Holly said seemed to cause Kara to cry even more.

"B-But it seems wrong" Kara told her.

She pulled Holly closer to her letting her hands roam over her back side. She was about to touch Holly's butt when she let go of her.

'We should go back" Kara said.

She wiped the tears from her eyes and walked back to where the others were.

"There is no right or wrong when it comes to love. Everything is good, everything is acceptable and everything should be free." Holly stated.

Holly and Kara went back to the group. Holly went back to her own seat and sat down to start eating her food again.

"So, feeling better?" Haley questioned. "After a little food you should be."

They soon reached the table and Kara sat down again as she heard Haley's question.

"Yes" Kara replied.

She started to eat her food when a thought came to her.

"Haley I'd like to see you kiss Lily on the lips since it was part of our agreement" Kara stated.

"Huh?!" Haley answered. "M-me? K-kiss Lilly?! ON THE LIPS?!" She shouted out.

"That's a little unreasonable, isn't it?!" Lilly quickly answered.

"What?" Holly asked, confused by everything.

"Ok, you don't have to do that instead kiss her on the cheek" Kara told her.

She blushed first at what Haley had said before she had changed her mind.

"Oh, and Haley I'd like you tell me your own embarrassing secret I'd like to hear the juicy details" Kara said.

"Cheek's okay." Haley quickly said before pecking Lilly on the cheek before she had a chance to protest.

"Alright, here's my embarrassing secret: I don't like the dark." Haley said, not really wanting to play by the rules.

"You know what I said, right?" Lilly wasn't having none of Haley's evasiveness. "Here's the true story: she doesn't like the dark, ghosts, spiders or needles. She's been wetting the bed since she was five years old and she still does now. She likes to take off her panties whenever she feels like it, as you've probably seen. She can't stand being left alone in a dark room so she can't sleep without a night-light on and she also still wears nappies to school because she tends to drink too much and not be able to make it to the toilet in time." Lilly explained with no remorse for Haley, who did get herself in this mess, after all.

"Lilly, you're mean!" Haley shot back, her face bright red.

Kara took in everything that Lily had to say to her not really knowing how to respond, "I-I'm sorry Haley I didn't know" Kara had said she got up from the table and walked over to her. Giving her a hug "I promise I will never tell anyone" Kara told her and let go of Haley. Before returning to her own seat, She looked over at Lily and was about to say something. When she thought about everything that'd been said,

She looked over at Holly then back at Lily she pictured both of them. As being the ones in Haley's place she herself blushed at this and took a big sip from her drink.

Haley hugged Kara back and stuck her tongue out at Lilly. Lilly paid no attention to it and continued with her food, finishing off the pasta and starting on her bottle of Cola.

"Well, now that that's all over with, shall we finish our food and get back to the arcade?" Lilly asked.

"Yes." Holly replied. "I've nearly finished myself." She ate a little more of her food and had nearly finished the lot.

"I suppose so, I've still got tokens to spend!" Haley said as she ate the last of her chicken bites.

"I've got a couple of tokens left I could always use them for another prize grab" Kara said. She reached into the pocket of her skirt and felt that she still had a few tokens left.

She went to eating the rest of her hamburger and finishing up her cola. She sat there looking at the rest of the group as she sat there pictures filled her mind again about Holly and Lily. Being in Haley's sort of life her treasure moisten further just thinking of this.

"Before we go back to the arcade, I want you two to try for the bathroom. I don't want any interruptions or accidents while we are here. And, Haley, Keep your panties on this time." Lilly requested to the twins.

"Whatever." Haley said as she got up off the table and stared towards the toilets. "C'mon, Holly, I'll leave you behind!"

"W-wait for me!" Holly called out as she went after Haley.

"We better go after them to make sure they do as they are told. I know Holly will but I'm not too sure about Haley." Lilly told Kara.

She followed away the twins as the walked to the bathrooms she was beginning to feel her own. Need in having to go "I guess your right if things get out of hand Haley we could try something else" Kara told her.

They soon reached the toilets and Kara walked inside.

"Haley make sure you go, and Holly if you need help you can ask either me or Lily" She told them.

Holly blushed at the entrance of Kara and Lilly, Haley was just about to enter a cubicle when she saw the two enter.

"So, all four of us are here, huh?" Haley asked before walking into the cubicle and closing the door behind her. A few seconds later, a trickling sound could be heard as Haley attended to her need.

"Um, Kara, could you please keep the dryer blowing while I, um, you know..." Holly blushed as she asked Kara.

"As soon as the two finish, we can then go if we need to. But, beforehand, I'll check if Haley remembered to keep her panties on." Lilly informed Kara.

Kara said nothing as she saw that Holly was blushing she decided to tease her only lightly. "I could always use some wind instead would that help?" Kara asked, She walked over to the dryer and turned it on so Holly could go about her need,

She walked then into her own stall and saw to her own business but before entering she whispered to Lily.

"If you does it again we could always put her in a pull up" Kara said.

She then entered the stall and went about her needs,

At the sound of one toilet flushing, another slight trickling noise could just be heard before the sound of the dryer coming on. Haley left the cubicle she was in and went to wash her hands. She then dried her hands with the other dryer.

"I'll keep this one running, you can use the toilet if you want." Haley said to Kara.

"She'll find a way to get them down, too. She has done before at school." Lilly whispered back to Kara's suggestion.

Another toilet flushing could be heard as Holly left her cubicle and went to wash her hands. She dried them with the dyer which Haley was using to mask the sound of Holly using the toilet.

Lilly walked over to Haley and gently flipped her skirt up, just enough so she could see if Haley was wearing her panties. One look at Haley's bare flower was all Lilly needed to see.

"Panties. Now." Lilly ordered Haley.

"But they're too constricting!" Haley answered, trying to come up with an excuse.

"I think they look like they fit you perfectly. Put them on or you'll go home." Lilly retorted, not giving in to Haley.

"Fine!" Haley answered as she put them on the same way she did before, with no care what anyone might see while she was doing it.

"Good." Lilly answered. She then went into an empty cubicle to relieve herself, even though she didn't really need to go at that moment in time.

As she sat on her own toilet her hand traveled down to her peach. Where she began to rub it slightly as she ran her fingers over her panties fresh urine. Seemed to seep out of them into the toilet Kara began to moan as she did this her fingers teasing her peach "H-Holly" Kara moaned softly to herself as her noises were lost against the sound of the dryer.

As she was busy with her happy-time a change began to take over Kara the wind outside, Seemed to die down returning the air to it's normal ways yet inside her stall the wind seemed to eurpt forth from her body. First this was small then it grew in volume as her magical powers ran out of control Kara's clothes shifted over to her battle outfit. As the blades of wind that had formed around her then tore through her stall.

Cutting it to pieces she not stood before the three of them hovering lightly above the ground. The wind blowing like crazy she fixed her eyes on each of them and smiled. Moving her own hands around the wind so died down leaving Kara standing there. She was still shielded from any sort of magic they would be able to use upon her.

Lilly quickly finished her business in the toilet and flushed it behind her. She then washed her hands and dried them.

"Wonder what's taking Kara so long?" Lilly quietly asked.

A sudden loud shattering sound could be heard from the direction of the stalls. Wood splinters shot out and clattered against the walls. The twins screamed in shock and Lilly dived in front of them with her back to the stalls to shield them from the blast if need be. Once the explosion ended, Lilly turned around and saw someone who was familiar.

"You!" Lilly shouted out to the figure of her nemesis. She quickly cast a protective sphere around the girls and her eyes took on a white fiery glow as she was encased in a plume of flames. Once the flames died down, Lilly was in her own battle outfit.

Kara looked over at Lily who had changed moments ago until her own outfit. "Ah, you've returned and brought others with you" Kara asked her, She walked towards Lily and stopped before her she looked over at the twins. "My, My how sweet" Kara laughed she turned away and blades of wind began to form around her. 'Let's see what you look like embarrassed and naked" Kara laughed. They shot at each of them it attempts of cutting through there clothes.

She turned her attention back to Lily "all the suffering you did to me the other day I will return upon you" Kara yelled at her several small gusts of wind shot at Lily.

Before the wind could come into contact with The Twins, the fire shield around them intensified and caused a convection current to carry the wind upwards to clatter against the ceiling.

"What's going on?!"

"What's happening?!"

"LILLY!" The twins screamed out.

Due to the surprise round, the wind managed to make contact with Lilly. It battered against her but ultimately didn't cause much damage.

"I've got to keep them safe!" Lilly thought.

She started to run out of the toilets and into the main arcade. When she reached the arcade, she jumped through the main window. The glass shattered, causing many of the patrons to run out of the main door screaming. The ball of flame followed Lilly, sending the twins through the same shattered window.

It seemed that Lily was retreating Kara followed behind her flying out of the bathroom like a bat outta hell. She saw as Lily jumped out of the window with the twins behind her. Flying quickly Kara followed her out the same window. They were soon at the main entrance to the arcade she watched as patrons ran around screaming trying to get away from them.

Ignoring them she spotted the group of three again she sent forth tiny blades of wind. At Lily enough that it would do some harm but not enough. For a brief moment Holly's images entered her mind but Kara quickly shook it out.

Not having the concentration to cast powerful spells, as she still had to keep the ball formed, Lilly shot back a few fireballs towards the girl, slightly changing the angles of the wind blades so none of the hit dead on their mark. The glanced Lilly, cutting her clothe a little as she ran towards a less populated area, jumping over cars and running down side alleyways towards the park.

Every now and then, she caused a jet of flame to shoot out of the ground behind her in an attempting at changing the course of her pursuer.

"The park should be big enough to fight her in without harming anyone." Lilly thought.

The twins in the fireball didn't know what was going on. Holly had fainted from fright and Haley was on the verge of doing the same. She only just managed to see the girl chasing them in the sky before being sent hurtling around a corner in a ball which seemed to have a mind of its own.

As she followed behind Lily a few blasts of fire were shot at her she avoided them. But a few lucky ones touched her body burning her clothes slightly but causing no harm. As she flew over cars and then down an alleyway a jet of flame shot upwards from the ground. Blocking Kara's way she flew upwards avoiding the attack.

So spotted the park several leagues away.

"That's where she's headed I'll beat her there" Kara thought.

Ignoring Lily for not she quickly flew towards the park hoping to get there before Lily did.

Lilly ran on, not caring about where her assailant was at the moment. Her main focus was on keeping the girls safe from harm. She swerved in and out of moving cars and throngs of people, narrowly avoiding running into a lorry which was reversing. The park was within sight, Lilly just hoped she'd get there before her attacker and find a vantage point to strike from.

Haley, within the fireball, was now starting to really enjoy the trip. It was almost like she was riding a roller-coaster, which she was never allowed on due to her height and age. Her screams of fear were replaced with laughter of enjoyment. She wondered just what the ball would do next.

In the sky above the city Kara passed between rows of homes and buildings as she headed. Right for the park she looked down and spotted her prey flying down towards her. She saw that Lily had now entered the park before her using the same area she had used before they had first met each other. Seeing several long rows of trees she created several large blades of wind.

Next she cast them at the trees watching as they cut through the tree branches. Sending them crashing to the ground hoping to block Lily's escape route landed upon. The ground Kara entered into the park herself passing by people running the other way.

Lilly had just got into the park when a load of tree branches started to fall down onto the path in front of her. Some she ran around and others she just burned to a crisp, creating nothing but harmless ash to run through. The smell of a wood fire started to fill the park. Lilly ran straight towards the fountain in the centre, sending the sphere with the twins in to the top of the statue.

Haley loved every minute of the park entrance, she laughed some more as she flew around tree branches and ash piles. She wished that Holly was awake to see this, but she was still unconscious. She groaned when she was sent to the top of the fountain.

"What? The ride's over, that's IT?!" She asked, wanting more fun.

Passing now through fallen and burnt tree branches after several moments Kara came upon. Lily once again standing near the fountain with the twins resting atop of it. "Still going to keep on running?" Kara asked her as she ran forward towards her once she got close to her. She brought her fist forward aiming it at Lily's stomach followed by another punch aimed at her face.

She jumped backwards in case Lily tried any sort of counter attack up close. Starting to move her hands Kara got ready to cast her own spell the wind blew around her quickly and rapidly. Until a mini tornado was in the palms of her hands she shot it at Lily as well.

"Not any more!" Lilly answered.

She saw her attacker run towards her and try to attack her. Lilly quickly created a single dagger in her hand and slashed it at her, hoping that it would make contact before jumping to the side to avoid the punches. The flame sphere wavered a little at the creation and expulsion of the dagger.

Lilly saw that the girl was now trying a magical attack at her. Knowing any magic would cause the sphere to break, Lilly tried her best to create a wall of flame to try and block the tornado, should it be fired at her. The flame sphere started to fade away, Lilly put more focus into it and the wall of flame was reduced in size a little.

"I can't keep fighting like this, it's either them or me." Lilly thought in regards to her current situation.

Before she had jumped back she felt the fire dagger cut into her skin sending burning wound on her lower chest. Grunting in pain she held the mini tornado in her hands watching as Lily formed a small wall of flame around her moving her left hand. She created small dagger like blades of wind and shot them and the lower part of Lily. Hoping that if any got through the fire that they'd cut through her clothes.

If this happened then it would give Kara the needed opening she wanted to cast her spell upon Lily.

Due to the reduced strength of the firewall, the blade of wind struck home, cutting through the bottom of Lilly's outfit, causing a slight gash in the fabric so her panties were on show a little through it. The firewall quickly dropped as Lilly's hands went down to cover up the gash.

As a result of the hand movements, the fireball with the twins in started moving around again, it shot down towards the ground, causing a slight dust cloud to form.

"It's started again?! YAY!" Haley cried out in joy.

Behind the embarrassment, Lilly now saw an opportunity to strike. If Haley didn't mind being thrown about in the orb then she could use that as a weapon. Swallowing her embarrassment, Lilly directed the ball to shoot straight towards the attacking girl.

Seeing that her attack had the effect she wanted Kara got ready to attack the girl. Only to see the ball of fire shoot right at her Kara sent her own attack at the flame girl. She saw the ball of fire fear was in her eyes. She saw both Haley and Holly were inside of it. Not wanting to harm Holly she used the wind to cut through the ball of fire. Splitting it apart just enough so that she could place both Haley and Holly gently upon the ground.

The ball of flames then slammed into her sending her flying back the attack was powerful but not by much. She was sent flying backwards crashing into a tree her head snapping back from the impact knocking her out. Soon the magic of Kara's outfit faded away to reveal that the girl attacking Lily was Kara herself.

She lay there against the tree.

About half way to the girl, the ball split in half momentarily, sending the twins through it and onto the ground beneath them with a small bump. The shock of the impact was enough to wake Holly from her unconsciousness. She sat up, wondering what had happened. Haley, however, was still laughing with enjoyment as her little ride came to a bumping halt.

The ball plummeted towards the girl, crashing into her and knocking her back into a tree. Lilly looked at the girl in shock when she saw the battle outfit fade.

"Kara?!" Lilly shouted out as she ran towards Kara.

Kara still lay against the tree she slowly opened her eyes her vision was blurry. She heard a voice call out to her yet couldn't make out who it was since her head was still spinning. "W-who, what?" Kara stammered out she tried to get to her feet but fell back upon the ground. Since she wasn't feeling well as her sight got better she made out shapes.

Seeing the twins and then Lily several yards away. Summoning a small bit of wind magic Kara started to float off the ground and floated over to Holly. "I-I'm sorry" Kara said kissing her she flew up into the air and disappeared from sight.

"Kara, why?! Why did you fight me?!" Lilly asked as soon as she saw Kara open her eyes.

"Kara, what happened to you?" Holly questioned, a worried look on her face.

"Kara, that was so awesome! I flew around in a ball of fire! And you were so cool chasing us! It was like we were in some kind of magical girl anime." Haley blurted out in happiness.

"Don't go! You're hurt!" Holly called after Kara.

Lilly just fell to her knees, her outfit returned to normal and she just stared at the floor.

"What have I done? Why did I fight her?" Lilly asked herself quietly. "What have I become?"

A faint wind that remained in the area brushed against Holly's cheek and between her legs. It seemed to say I'm sorry and I like you at the same time. The wind fadded away as Kara slowly traveled across the sky she landed upon the roof of a building not far from where. She had just fought Lily landing gently upon it she looked out over the city.

"Nothing will be the same" Kara said to herself.

She then felt as the last of the wind had touched Holly and Kara dropped to her knees and began to cry.

"Kara..." Holly quietly choked out as tears started to form in her eyes. She felt the wind brush up against her in a pleasant way, almost as if Kara herself had touched her. "Please, be safe." Holly then started sobbing away quietly.

"So, what actually happened?" Haley asked in general.

"Kara, why? Why didn't you tell me?" Lilly said to herself as she looked in the direction Kara went.

A few minutes of silence descended on the group. Nobody spoke until at least five minutes after the events had happened.

"Let's go home..." Lilly said, her voice no more than a whisper, to the twins.

All three then headed back in the direction of the Sera residenance

*006*2014-05-31 01:00

Here comes Chapter 4 to those who have been following along.

Chapter 4: Broken Friendships

Kara remained upon the roof of the building she had landed on she was still crying. Everything that had just happened remained in her head she pictures the shocked and sad. Faces of both Lily and Holly she wondered just what they would think of her now. After a few minutes Kara slowly got to her feet and wiped away the tears in her eyes.

"Holly" Kara said quietly.

Using the wind Kara lifted herself up into the air looking west she spotted the outskirts of the city. She saw her school Evergreen and flew towards it maybe once she was there she could clear her head.

Ravenclaw Tower

Sitting in his office Kale reached for the phone on the side of his desk. He picked it up and started to dial a random number for the number he was dialing was the one for "Sera".

Lilly's mind swam with the thoughts of the time she had spent with Kara in the arcade and the battle she had had with her. She considered just why Kara might have been wanting to get close to her.

"The only reason she may want to get close to me is to make me let my guard down around her. Maybe she's trying to kill me, that is the only possible explanation!" Lilly thought on her way home.

Holly wondered just why Kara might want to hurt Lilly and why Lilly might want to hurt Kara. Had they had a fight? How could Kara control the wind? Was she like Lilly, born with the innate power, or did she learn it? Holly was confused and scared, she didn't know what to do.

Haley was still thinking about how fun the fight was, regardless of the potential chance of a much worse outcome for the two. She wanted to ride around in that ball of fire again, swinging from side to side and floating around above the ground. She considered asking Lilly for another ride but thought against it when she saw Lilly looking distracted and downcast.

All three reached the Sera residence and walked inside, after Lilly had opened the door. They wondered just what punishment their Mother might have in mind for the three of them.

Kara had soon reached the gates of Evergreen she landed upon the ground. Slowly walking into the school grounds she saw that part of the destroyed school was slowly starting. To be rebuilt she walked over to it running his fingers of the building material. "Holly will hate me now I want to see her again" Kara told herself as she looked back in the direction of where she came.

Floating into the air Kara used her magic and flew back through the sky. She was heading back the way she had first game yet as she passed among the clouds. She also started to think about Lily "she was nice to me yet, this is how I treat her?" She thought. Several minutes seemed to pass and she reached the park landing upon the ground. Where she had her earlier battle with Lily.

She walked around the fountain and since she didn't seem to know where they had gone. Deciding on using the wind closing her eyes she felt the movements of the wind. As it blew across the city she felt movements not far from the park and hoped that it was them. "Holly, Lily wait for me" Kara thought. As she started to head that way through the sky.

Kale had finished dialing the number and was now listening to a ringing tone. The reason he was calling because he wished to set up a meeting.

Strangely, when Lilly and the Twins entered, their Mother was nowhere to be seen. Lilly asked a Maid where she was, hoping that she will know. The Maid answered, saying that Marie did not wish to be disturbed as she had important business documents to process. Lilly and the twins headed back to Lilly's room.

Marie was in her office when she heard the phone ring. Expecting an important call from one of the local contractors regarding the improvements to the local water resort, Marie answered the phone.

"Marie Sera of Sera Finance speaking, may I ask who is calling?" Marie answered the phone in her usual business tone.

Several minutes seemed to pass and Kara at last had finally arrived at where she knew the girls. Would be she had arrived at their home having used the wind currents to find them before they had. Entered their house landing upon the grass gently Kara started forward towards the house. She soon reached the doors seeing a doorbell Kara pushed it.

Several ringtones later Kale finally got through and heard a very familiar voice on the other end.

"Ah, Marie it's been quite a while" He said.

He stopped for a moment thinking over something.

"I'm sure you know that this is Kale Ravenclaw of Ravenclaw Industries, the reason I'm truly calling is. That'd I'd like to set up a dinner meeting between us tonight at my estate for I'd like to discuss a business proposal" Kale stated.

Lilly went into her room and found her phone charger. She then turned her mobile off, as it was on 2% power, and plugged it in to charge. The usual beep sounded, indicating that the phone was now charging. Holly and Haley walked in and sat on Lilly's bed, they had nothing better to do and they also wanted to think some more about what had happened.

A few minutes after Lilly and the twins entered, the doorbell rang. The head maid opened the door and saw a girl standing outside. She looked about the same age as Lilly.

"Are you a friend of the young Miss?" The maid asked the girl.

Once the person on the other end spoke, all business-like charm was lost from Marie.

"Why are you calling me? I've got a lot of paperwork to do and it's not going to do itself." Marie answered in the pause between the conversation between Kale Ravenclaw and herself. At the mention of a business proposal, Marie had a little more interest in the conversation. "What kind of business proposal?" She asked.

A few minutes passed and soon the door opened and a maid appeared to ask her a question. "Ah, yes if it's not to much trouble may I see Lily, Haley and Holly please?" Kara asked the maid.

Kara began to wonder just what all three girls would do once they knew she was here.

"I'd think you'd truly know" He said.

Kale listened to just what Marie had to ask him he seemed to be going over what. He wanted to say to her in his mind for a while. "A partnership in a way of speaking" Kale added as he started to get together more of his idea.

"As you wish." The maid replied. "Please, come in and take a seat in the main sitting room. I'll go and collect the Young Miss and her sisters." The maid bowed as she ushered the girl into the main foyer. A large twin staircase looped around two huge statues of lions. The handrail of the red carpeted staircase was made out of what appeared to be gold. It was embellished with a Lily pattern, the symbol of the Sera family, the Lily flower being the start of the handrail and the stem being the end.

The foyer was around 100 foot by 100 foot. Several pillars of stone supported the upper levels lining the edges of the hallway. A huge pair of double doors rested in-between the coiling staircase and the Lion statues. The maid led the girl to a doorway to the west of the main entrance. The floor seemed to have a mosaic pattern which was indiscernible for the girl's current vantage point. The maid opened the doors and allowed the girl to walk through, closing the doors behind her. The maid then headed up the stairs in the direction of Lilly's room.

The thought of paring up with an equally affluent business partner really got Marie interested in the conversation.

"A partnership, you say? Please elaborate. I'll see if I can find someone to look after the 'annoying dependents' I've been left with." Marie answered, trying to hold back her excitement over what money she might make out of this partnership.

Kara followed the maid into the house she looked around taking in all the detail. "What a nice place it looks similar to my house" Kara thought as she was led into the sitting room. She sat down upon a small chair soon the maid closed down doors behind her. Kara now was waiting she wasn't sure just what was going to happen.

Kale thought over his plan once again "Yes, a partnership for to long our companies have been waging war against each other" Kale begin. He stopped talking for a moment as he reached over on his desk and took a sip of water from the glass near him. "Which was leading us no, where I was thinking that we good start anew as friends and together could control this city" Kale went on to say.

Lilly heard a knock at her bedroom door. She asked for the person to come in and noticed it was the head maid. The head maid informed Lilly of the arrival of one of her friends which wished to see both her and the twins. Lilly had a faint idea of who this person could be. She followed the maid down the stairs, the twins close behind, and into the sitting room. Who Lilly saw cleared up all suspicions.

"Kara." Lilly said as she noticed the out of place pink drills against the red, green and gold decoration of the sitting room.

"Kara!" The twins cried out in joy as the ran towards Kara and gave her a huge hug.

"Controlling the city sounds like a good plan. Just what would be my cut in the affairs, though?" Marie inquired. "What time shall we meet?"

Marie was already thinking of a way in which she could turn this little proposition around to favour her more than the Ravenclaws. Act nice at first, earn their trust and then crush them with a scandal. Perfect...

She was still busy sitting upon the chair when a few moments later the door opened. And Lily and the twins had arrived by walking into the room the twins then ran to her and gave her a huge hug. Kara returned the hug and looked at both twins happy faces she looked at Holly longer. The look in Kara's eyes seemed to tell Holly "I missed you".

She then looked over at Lily "I-is it ok that I'm here?" She asked.

"Well, as my partner you would get 50% and how does tonight sound around 6 if it isn't to much of a problem?" Kale asked.

As he waited for her reply his own thoughts were running through his mind. He only wanted this deal so that gain their trust and take over their own company. Perhaps Marie would soon be meeting a foul end.

Lilly scowled at Kara, Haley seemed to notice this.

"Please don't send her away! If you do I'll never forgive you!" Haley told Lilly.

"Please, let her stay." Holly pleaded, using the best puppy dog eyes she could make.

Lilly considered the options and decided it would be best for her to stay, that way she could get the full story out of her. She asked the maid to let the four talk in private, the maid bowed and walked out of the room, closing the door behind her.

"Coming close again so you can try to kill me? This is my house with my rules. You'll stand no chance against me here." Lilly stated as she slowly walked towards Kara. "Don't even think about hurting my sisters either."

50/50 sounded fair as a start, Marie didn't want to seem inconsiderate before she could set her plan into action. "That's fine by me. I'll make sure I can find someone to keep the leeches from destroying the house while we discuss this matter further." Marie answered.

Kara backed away from the twins her gaze set fully upon Lily she watched the recent events take place. Between the three of them and said nothing of her own for a short time. When she heard Lily speak about her coming to kill her again it slowly began to dawn on her that Lily was the one she had been fighting.

"So, it was you those two times" Kara said.

She was still thinking over the events again "k-kill you, why would I do that, plus why would I hurt these two I'd never hurt Holly I-I like her to much" Kara confessed. Seeing Lily slowly walking over to her.

"Ah, good then I shall see you later then, or if you wish feel free to bring them along I'm sure my daughter would enjoy meeting them" Kale stated. If Marie truly decided to not bring her kids along then he could set the first steps of his plan into action if not then it'd have to wait.

"The same question is also posed to you." Lilly retorted. "I know the bindings of my contract for the power I possess. The main section of it details an overview of what should happen should two empowered ones meet. It states that I should do all I can to ensure that my honor is not challenged. If you read in-between the lines that means that I should should kill whoever I meet who is also an empowered one." Lilly stopped walking closer to Kara. Now, she was no more than a few feet away. She clicked her fingers together on her right hand and a small flame appeared just above her index finger. "A contingency. Just in case you try anything funny."

Lilly wanted answers and she wanted them now, she was in no mood to listen to anything but what she wanted to. "Why did you decide to impose on my house? Why did you decided to attempt to 'get to know me', for want of a better description?" Lilly demanded calmly.

"Why would I want to haul those free-loaders around?" Marie asked rhetorically in response to Kale's suggestion of bringing them along. "The only one who actually has a potential say in the way the business is run is my first-born and she's also started to show little to no interest in the business. Should I lug her along anyway?" Marie questioned. She didn't want Lilly informing Kale of her own plans but it might also be handy to bring her along so she can read Kale as well and inform her of what he is truly planning, if anything.

Again Kara listened to just what Lily had to say to her she again said nothing for a time. "So, you wish to kill me then is that it" Kara snapped suddenly her eyes flashed a clear color and slowly the wind within the room started to blow lightly not enough to destroyed anything. "Because, I wanted to set things right" Kara told her at first. She backed away from Lily and looked over at the twins who were watching them.

"I had thought you were lonely and could use a true friend, you looked so alone when I first saw you" Kara added she seemed to back away again from Lily. "I did enjoy getting to know you better honestly I did" Kara stated.

Kale listened to everything that Marie had to say to him about her kids. "I had thought it would have been nice for my daughter to make some new friends" Kale told her. Yet as he listened to more of what she had to say. He looked up from his phone and saw that several people enter the office. They were all dressed in black suits he nodded his head towards them. They seemed to get the message and left the room.

"Maybe your first-born would like to meet my own" Kale added quickly.

"Why would I want to kill you now? It'll ruin this room and scar my sisters for life." Lilly calmly responded to the potential challenge. Kara's next statement hit something within Lilly, this caused her to falter a little. "W-why would you want to set things right? Wouldn't the best option be to never meet with your rival again?! Think about what that may make me feel, knowing that someone who I thought was a friend actually turned out to be a backstabbing killer!" Lilly's voice was cracking with welling tears.

Kara's next response caused all feeling of sadness to be lost from Lilly. "What made you think I was lonely?!" Lilly snapped. "To think that you thought you knew someone from just one meeting, it's stupid and impossible! Can you read my mind? CAN YOU?! Don't make assumptions about people you don't even know!" Kara's addition caused Lilly to falter again. "Same here! Until you tried to kill me and my sisters!"

"Alright, if you want I'll drag her along as well. She might help keep your daughter company while we get down to...more important matters." Marie answered. "I'll see you at six, then. Just give me the address and I'll add it into my SatNav."

She wasn't really sure how to respond to just what Lily was saying to her right now. "Because just look and me here I am this is the perfect moment" Kara said. She again looked at the twins and then back at Lily. "B-because I didn't want this friendship to end it means alot to me I like you alot Holly even more, Haley is fun to" Kara pointed out, This wasn't really getting her anywhere "W-what about yourself you tried to kill me in return what then?" Kara stated again.

What she heard next wasn't surprising to her Lily was clearly upset at everything that had taken place. "Because I always saw you alone at school you always seemed sad I wanted to change that" Kara told her she started forward towards Lily, "No, I can't what about yourself can you read my fucking mind?" Kara snapped in return. To Lily she then heard the last of what Lily had to say to her. "I never planned on hurting them it was you who sent them at me with that fire attack of yours!" Kara screamed tears were no forming in her eyes.

Kale heard this and smiled before replying "Ah, yes that's good my address is 1566, Ravenwood Estates" Kale told her.

Lilly's next response delivered was accompanied by some tears starting to streak down her face. "M-maybe I like being alone!" Lilly answered, clearly she was forcing this answer out. "Yes! I can! I've been cursed with that malady since birth! I can't trust anyone! One minute they're acting all friendly and the next they are insulting me in their mind!" Lilly was clearly crying at this moment in time. "How do I know you're not the same?! I can't do it to you! What the hell are you hiding from me?!"

"I only did that because you tried to cut me in half with wind! I wanted to keep them safe! I couldn't do anything else while they were in the ball!" Lilly cried out. "It was the only option..."

Marie entered the address into the SatNav on her desk. "See you then. Pleasure doing business with you." Marie answered while she plotted what she could get Lilly to do then.

Kara was crying at this point as she listened to what Lily had to say to her. "Y-you don't have to be alone I was alone myself until I met you" Kara said slowly. She again walked over to Lily but soon stopped when she heard that it was true she really could read her mind. "Then you know everything I was thinking was true then you knew what everything" Kara pointed out. She started to walk over to Lily again. "Read my mind I'm hiding nothing from you".

Kara walked over to Lily and wrapped her arms around her pulling her into a hug. Weather she wanted one or not "you could have placed them aside it was my own fault and I'm sorry" Kara cried out what she did next was a shock she kissed Lily right then and there upon the lips.

"Ah, yes see you then" Kale replied back he then hung up the phone. He got up from his desk and walked over to the window and looked out over the city. "I'm afraid Marie that you won't be making it to dinner tonight".

"What the hell do you know?! I'm not alone! I have Holly and Haley, they've been with me since I was a baby!" Lilly shouted back, crying some more. Kara's next statement caused more rage to build up in Lilly. "Are you deaf or just stupid?! I've told you once. I. Can't. Read. Your. MIND! You're blocking it with something!"

Lilly was about to protest some more when Kara suddenly kissed her on the lips. Lily was filled with rage at the thought of her first kiss being stolen by someone she didn't love, not to mention her worst enemy at this present moment in time. Something else filled Lilly, though. A warm feeling caressed her body as her own lips met Kara's. For a moment, Lilly didn't care what had happened before, she was lost in the feeling, Once the feeling faded, Lilly's rage returned, albeit a little lesser and more embarrassment than rage. She pushed Kara off her. The Twins just gasped in shock.

"W-what did you do that for?!" Lilly spluttered out.

Once the phone was hung up, Marie made preparations for that evening. It was going on for half three, she still had around two hours before she had to head out. She decided she'll take extra bodyguards with her this evening in case he was planning something strange, old rivalries don't just disappear from one mere phone call. With Lilly's mind reading power as well and her own lie detecting she was well protected.

"Time to set the wheels in motion..." Marie thought as she started to make accounts for how much this will cost.

She stumbled backwards still not quite sure herself just why she kissed Lilly. She just looked at the floor crying again she couldn't explain herself. "I-I don't know" Kara told her she then looked into Lilly's eyes and listened to what else she had to say.

"You may have them but you still are alone, for I myself am alone" Kara replied. Fresh tears falling from her eyes yet when Lilly called her stupid Kara suddenly snapped. "I-I told you I'm hiding nothing from you!" Kara screamed so loud that the wind outside responded to this and slammed into the house not harming it but causing. The windows to rattle for she was hiding nothing from Lilly that part that had been shielded from view had been gone since she had entered the house.

"I-If you want me gone from your life I'll leave you alone" Kara sobbed. Her mind was flooded with a million emotions she walked over to Haley and hugged her tight. "I enjoyed the time we spent together".

She then next moved over to Holly as she looked into her face she broke down anew. Pulling Holly closer "I-I really liked you even was getting a crush on you" Kara told her. She let go of Holly and headed for the door.

As Kale still looked out the window a single knock was heard upon his door. Not turning around he told the person to enter the door soon opened and Yukina walked into the room. "I take it you know what you must do?" Kale asked.

Yukina nodded and laughed "once that bitch is taken care of you'll have the city all to yourself" Yukina laughed.

"Wait!" Holly cried out after Kara.

"Don't go! Please!" Haley added in.

Lilly just fell to the floor in tears. She couldn't bring herself to confront Kara again. It was true, she couldn't read anything off her, the flux of magic in the air was too much to allow that power to accurately be used.

"Kara...I'm sorry..." Lilly quietly said, her voice like a small whisper in the wind whipping around the room. She stayed in that state while she heard Kara's retreating footsteps.

Kara soon reached the door to the room when she heard both the twins call out to her. She stopped walking and turned around facing them tears were falling down her cheeks. "I-I don't want to go I want to stay" Kara stated she looked back over at Lilly. The wind outside seemed to slam again and again into the house shaking the windows to the room.

Inside her head Kara's emotions were running wild she wasn't sure what to think. Or to even act she thought back to what Lilly had said about her hiding something. It was true she was hiding something her true feelings to Lilly, her true feeling to Holly. Yet there was still something else she was hiding.

Kara suddenly grabbed her head in pain as the wind howled outside. The floor beneath her started to shake and Kara cried out in pain. She dropped to her knees sobbing and crying for help her head started to really hurt as unknown voices started to fill her mind voices of others of people around her. Some strange reason Kara heard their very thoughts the floor shaking grew more instance. Blood started to flow down from Kara's nose.

"W-What's happening to me" Kara sobbed in pain.

Lilly's thought entered her mind saying that she was sorry Brooke looked at her through pain filled eyes. "My head it's my head why can I hear your thoughts" Kara cried out.

"Please..." Lilly quietly continued her crying.

The twins wanted to go and stop Kara from leaving. Haley stepped forward and looked at the prone Lilly, reading her as she cried.

"Lilly wants you to stay. She doesn't want you to go either. She's just not sure how to put that into words. She's only ever been by herself, looking after my sister and I." Haley read off Lilly.

Holly walked towards Lilly and did the same.

"I see the outcome of this. It's blurred but I see Lilly crying in her room. She's shut herself away from the world at the pretense of not knowing who to trust. She feels betrayed. She trusted you but you cast her aside when you attacked her. I'm not sure why you did that, I'm honestly not. Lilly never tells us anything about her powers." Holly read to Kara.

Lilly didn't care what her sisters were doing. She just continued looking at the ground, not wanting to meet anyone's eyes.

"Kara..." Lilly croaked out.

As soon as Kara fell to the floor and cried out in pain, the twins ran to her side.

"What's happening?" Holly asked.

"What's wrong, Kara?!" Haley questioned, worry clear in her voice.

Yet, again Kara heard voices inside her head it was just like times in the past. Yet this time it was alot more of a problem than what it had been before. At various times in her young life Kara was able to read the minds of others yet it had only showed itself when Kara felt really sad or angry. Most of the time it lay dormant in her mind yet now it had only just awakened briefly.

"My head it's my head" Kara screamed.

But there was one side-effect that when this power awakened within her. Kara always would get really bad headaches like right now. She barely heard what the twins had told her about Lilly she looked at her still on the floor crying.

"I-I was angry I felt humiliated at what she saw yesterday morning in the Headmasters office" Kara told them, As she again grabbed her head in pain in her mind she could just read some or Lilly's thoughts yet they seemed blurred.she slowly got to her knees leaning back against the door.

"I-I didn't know it was her when I attacked I thought it was someone else" Kara added through the pain.

The twins just stayed by Kara's side, listening to what she was saying.

"So, you can read minds like Lilly?" Holly asked.

"Or just hear things at different moments in time? Things which you yourself have not seen yet?" Haley asked, thinking the power to be similar to her Sister's or her own.

While crying, Lilly also heard what Kara was saying.

"I-I didn't mean to." Lilly said while crying. "I was just sent their as well..."

"It was kind of nice. I had a strange feeling inside of me. I liked being hit by the bamboo stick. Plus, my heart beat faster when you wet yourself..." Lilly thought, not knowing what was wrong with Kara. As she was prone to being read by her sisters, so was she prone at being read by Kara.

Kara's head still hurt as she listened to what both twins had to say.

"Only a little yes but not all the time" Kara said through the pain.

She then told Haley that she couldn't do that and didn't have powers like that.

For a brief moment Kara was able to read Lilly's mind just hearing that thought caused her to blush. But went away when she grabbed her head in pain again the wind outside was starting to die down and she was still crying lightly. "I wish I could have seen you wet yourself" Kara thought. After listening to what Lilly had to say.

Lilly managed to pull herself together and go over to see Kara.

"You want to take a quick rest? Just wondering, maybe that might help your pain." Lilly asked Kara while wiping her tears away.

The twins smiled as it seemed like Lilly was back to her old self again.

"We have a few guest rooms." Haley suggested. "Unless you want to sleep in somebody's bed." Haley smirked as she looked at Holly.

Kara got to her feet slowly as Lilly came over to her.

"I'd like that if it's not to much trouble?" Kara asked.

When she heard Haley mention about sleeping in someone's bed she blushed. Yet at that moment the first sign's of her bladder were starting to tell her she needed to pee. There had been times in the past when after her mind reading awakening. Plus with the headaches Kara would normally have to pee it seemed to be a side effect.

"Oh, Haley remember your still my slave for a half hour since we didn't get to finish earlier"

"Oh, yeah..." Haley now remembered. "I thought she had forgotten!" Her mind cried out.

"The guest rooms are upstairs. Come with me." Lilly said as she offered an arm to lean on to help Kara walk, if she needed it.

"It's good to see us all getting along again." Holly smiled.

Kara leaned against Lilly's arm feeling her warmth caused her to blush. At being so close to someone she liked.

"She's so warm and soft" Kara thought.

Lilly started to lead the way and Kara followed next to her with the twins on either side of them.

"Haley, I'd like you to put on you cutest dress for me" Kara told her.

She looked over at Holly and smiled in return yet as she walked with everyone her bladder. Was starting to really fill up she started to walk a little slower. Every few steps she would slightly squirm around.

"That it? That's easy!" Haley replied to Kara's request. "I'll only be a minute once we get you to a room." Haley noticed Kara's movements but said nothing as she thought it might have been caused by the pain.

Holly saw how Kara was acting and thought of it to be something more than just the pain. She considered the possibilities and blushed at what she concluded was wrong with Kara. She was too embarrassed to ask her if it was true.

Lilly led the was to a room at the far end of the right hand side of the second floor. This was the best furnished guest room they had. She opened the doors and walked in with the group. She walked Kara over to the bed and placed her onto it. Throughout the walk, Lilly had felt Kara's movements, she concluded the same as Holly but she didn't want to ask Kara as she was hoping that something might come out of this...

Her heart beat a little faster than normal in anticipation.

Haley left the room once they were all inside and headed to the dressing room opposite her room. She searched through the clothes racks and found what she was looking for. She took off her current outfit and placed it on. She wasn't sure why Kara had asked for this specifically but she was bound by a deal and wasn't about to break it. She made her way back towards the guest room.

"Actually there is one more thing I'd like you to where one of your nappies for the rest of the half hour" Kara told her before she left the room to go get changed.

They were still walking slowly the need to be was becoming bad for her she was still squirming on the spot. But this time it was getting worse and worse with each step Kara took it sent a jolt to her bladder which seemed to fill up more. They soon came to a set of doors where Lilly opened them and was taken to a bed and placed upon it.

Sitting down Kara quickly crossed her legs together as tightly as she could.

"It's always the same I need to pee but am to embarrassed to ask" Kara thought.

She moved her legs apart briefly showing both Lilly and Holly her panties for a second before crossing her legs again.

Haley remembered the other request from Kara before she opened the door to the guest room. She sighed at the memory and quickly went back to her room to pick up a pair of her sleeping nappies. She went to take off her panties and then realized that she didn't have any on. She thought that she had unconsciously taken them off when getting changed out of habit. She slipped on the nappies and heard the crinkling they made. She blushed at the thought of what Kara wanted her to do while wearing these.

There must be a reason behind these seemingly random and unlinked requests. She quickly checked herself over in the mirror and noticed that the nappy didn't match the rest of her outfit. She wanted to correct this so she headed back to her dressing room and put on the pair of panties which came with the set over the nappy. She was a little sad as she wasn't able to feel the silky material the panties were made from. She went back to the dressing room, hearing the crinkle of her nappy with every step.

"I'm back." Haley called out as she entered the room. She showed Kara her outfit. It was a red and black Spanish seorita outfit made from a silky material. The base colour was red and the polka dots on it were black. She looked like a little ladybird. It was complete with a black bow in Haley's hair, black buckle shoes and red socks with a silky frill around the top of them. She did a little spin to show Kara the back of the outfit. The spin sent up her skirt and revealed her silky red panties and the waistband of her nappy. "Happy now?" She asked "I got this outfit when we went on holiday to Spain last year."

"I've got one, too. Except mine's a different colour." Holly added. "So has Lilly, but her's is a little...mature."

Lilly just bushed in response. "It was Father's choice, not mine." Lilly interjected.

She was still squirming on the spot her legs had parted again just a bit as she watched Haley. walk back into the room just seeing Haley in this outfit caused Kara to blush. "You look really cute" She told her she then saw the red silk panties and nappy Haley wore and blushed some more. She hoped around on the bed because her need to pee was really bad now. She tried to think of something else to pass the time between them.

"I'm sure both you girls would look just as cute as Haley does" Kara told the girls.

Both her hands were now pressed against her crotch slowly pushing against her girlhood through her skirt.

"I need to pee, I need to pee" Kara thought.

"Haley here is a took of my thanks" Kara added.

Closing her eyes Kara felt the clam wind in the room start to blow softly she used them as a means to gently lift Haley off the ground. With her eyes still closed she flew the young girl around the room much like how Haley had flown around in the fireball from before. Kara did her best to make the ride enjoyable for her doing her best not to have Haley brush against anything.

"Thanks!" Haley smiled. "That's why I asked for this outfit. I really liked the way it made me look like a ladybird. Ladybird's are so cute."

"Um, thanks..." Holly blushed at Kara's compliment.

"I think cute will be pushing the boundaries a little with mine..." Lilly admitted.

All three girls could now see the movements coming from Kara. Lilly and Haley said nothing, Holly was still embarrassed but she wanted to clarify something. She walked up to Kara when she saw that she was allowing Haley to fly around on the wind.

"I'm flying! I'm really flying!" Haley cried out in joy. "This is so fun!"

Gathering up the courage, Holly asked what she wanted.

"Um, Kara." She whispered to her. "Do you maybe need to...you know...pee?" Holly blushed some more.

'Well you look like areal bird now" Kara pointed out she flew Haley around the room doing flips and twists in the air. She was doing her best not to make it look like she needed to pee but it wasn't working. More fidgeting upon the bed with some light bouncing upon her rump.

"Maybe one day I could see you in it?" Kara asked to Lilly.

It seemed that Holly had caught on to this when she saw her walk over to her and then ask her a question about it.

"Um, yes really badly" Kara whispered back to Holly blushing as she did so.

"I want Holly to see me pee" Kara thought.

"There's a toilet just down the corridor. You'd better hurry or you'll hurt yourself." Holly told Kara, worry clear in her voice. "It'll be embarrassing if you have an accident here."

Lilly was too busy watching Haley and making sure that she was okay while flying around.

"She'll get you doing this all day if she had her way, you know." Lilly commented to Kara. The movements which Kara was doing made Lilly's heart beat a lot faster. She was now sure that Kara needed the toilet. She knew just by where Holly was standing that she had already told her where the toilets were. Lilly decided not to press the matter any more than Holly already had.

Haley was too caught up in the flying to even care what else was going on. She was laughing in delight at the movements she was doing in the air. She even attempted to do a loop while flying, but settled on rolling around in the air instead.

Hearing what Holly had to say she felt sad she wanted Holly to see her have one. But it seemed she was worried about her. Slowly getting up Kara started towards the doors by walking slowly to them making tiny footsteps as she walked across the floor.

"I'm making her happy that's all that matters" Kara told Lilly.

She walked past her and was pressing her hands into her skirt trying to keep the impending flood back. Kara sent Haley in a few loops around the room and a few more twists some of the wind caught Haley's skirt flashing everyone in the room below her.

"C-Can you come with me Lilly?" Kara asked.

"Sure. I'll lead you to it if you want." Lilly said as she followed Kara out of the room. "But first, I think you should put Haley down. As soon as you move out of range she'll fall down."

Holly just nodded as if to affirm Lilly's statement.

"Awww. I was just having fun!" Haley groaned as she felt the wind currents start to drop a little. The range was already being broken.

Kara followed behind Lilly as she walked out of the room who led the way towards the toilets. She put Haley gently back on the ground before having one last fun with her. She picked up Haley and and raced her around the room so fast before putting her back on the ground again.

"I could actually use the wind from anywhere but it does of less effects if I'm not around" Kara told her.

As they walked she suddenly stopped as the first tiny spurt of pee dampened her panties. Kara was now really worried.

"Haley's heavy enough to fall straight from the sky. She may not look it but all those sweets she eats really does pack somewhere inside her. She's got a small body but that is deceptive." Lilly added before they left the room.

Haley was still happy from the flying so she didn't care that Lilly had technically insulted her.

Holly was worried from a reading she got off Kara before she left. Holly saw another puddle on the floor, soaking into the carpeted hallway. She hoped this potential future wouldn't come true.

Lilly was slightly excited when Kara stopped. She knew that it must be hard for her to hold it back any more.

"Are you alright?" She asked, trying to seem more worried than excited.

Tiny spurts escaped her girlhood as they entered into her panties. She heard Lilly ask if she was alright. Blushing Kara shook her head from side to side saying that she wasn't.

"I'm not sure if I can make it" Kara told her.

She started walking again and tried to think back to Haley.

"Don't insult her like that what you said was mean" Kara added.

They soon reached with the bathroom was and Lilly opened the door. Kara quickly entered inside yet for a strange reason she didn't want to be alone. She turned to Lilly and asked while blushing a bit.

"C-Can you keep me company?"

"Bathrooms are private places! I can't do that!" Lilly answered while blushing heavily.

"Although I strangely want to..." Lilly thought.

"You're old enough to go by yourself." Lilly added.

Kara got her answer and entered into the bathrooms alone. She went over and sat upon the toilet she pulled her panties down first and let loose a stream of urine into the bowl. As she sat there she pictured Lilly standing and watching her squirming around herself in her own need to pee.

"I wanted her to see me" Kara thought.

Once she was done she flushed the toilet and walked back out to join Lilly.

Elsewhere.

It was soon nearly the approaching hour Kale's little plan was soon to go into effect. As Yukina made her way out of his office building and started walking along the sidewalks. She wondered just where she would meet up with Marie.

Lilly blushed as she heard the sound of Kara urinating into the toilet. She wondered why she still stood there an listened to it instead of plugging her ears. Despite her act of saying that she shouldn't be with her, Lilly really wanted to see the stream leave Kara's girlhood and land into the toilet.

Lilly waited as Kara rejoined her. She then went with Kara back to the guest room.

Marie was now ready for her arrangement with Kale, all she needed was Lilly. She called for a maid to inform Lilly of Marie's prior engagement and, in her own words, tell Lilly to "Get a move on and get ready. She's coming whether she wants to or not.". The maid complied to the demand and sought out Lilly. She checked her room and didn't find her there so she then went to where she heard the most noise, the guest room.

The maid entered the guest room after knocking and politely told Lilly what Marie wanted her to do.

"Sorry, Kara, it looks like Mother wants me to go somewhere with her. Holly, Haley, would you please see Kara out."

"Sure." They replied.

Lilly then left the guest room and went to her dressing room to get changed into her formal wear.

Once she was finished Kara left and joined Lilly in the hallway they started to make there way back towards. The guest room yet once they got there moments later Kara saw as the maid from before enter and talk with Lilly about something. She was soon told what is was and felt sad she didn't want this day to end.

"I enjoyed our time together" Kara told Lilly before she left the room she gave Lilly and big hug.

Then watched her leave the room the twins soon led Kara from the room towards the main area of the house.

"Girl's I had a fun time today I wanted this to keep going" Kara told them.

They reached the doors to the house and Kara turned around giving each girl a big hug and kiss on their foreheads. She left the house and started on her own way back home.

Lilly picked out her best clothes and underwear and placed them on her bed. She then went into the bath to quickly clean herself up before this seemingly important arrangement. Before entering the bath, Lilly first went to the toilet to ensure that there would be no interruptions in this meeting, she knew how her Mother would react if she asked to be excused to go to the toilet. Once finished, she wiped herself down, flushed the toilet and went to have her bath. The Sera bath was close to bordering on the size of a public swimming pool. It was huge. Lilly lazily cleaned herself up. This whole affair took around twenty minutes.

Once she was finished, she dried herself off and then went back to her room to get changed. Lilly first placed on a pair of silky golden coloured panties. She loved the feel of the material against her tender girlhood, not that she would want anyone to know. She put on a silk dark gold training bra, not that she really liked wearing it as there were practically nothing there for it to support, this made Lilly feel a little self conscious about her lacking bust. She then placed on a dark gold silk evening gown and a pair of matching dark gold high-heeled shoes, which she hated wearing. She combed her short white hair and then changed her usual hair-clip to that of a lily, her Mother said that this showed allegiance to the Sera family.

Once she was done, she shakily made her way down the stairs into the main hallway, stumbling a little as she tried to get used to high-heeled shoes again. She waited for her Mother to finish getting ready.

Yukina was busy making plans of her own as she stood upon the sidewalk. She knew just what was to come a main bridge connected one part of the city to the other. This crossed a large body of water the towns river this bridge was needed to be crossed to reach where Kale's house was and was. The only way to reach it Yukina spotted several men in black on the corner of the street standing next to a black limousine on the front of the car was the figure head. Over a silver raven which marked the car as one own by there family several other ravens were upon both sides of the car.

Walking over to them Yukina watched as one of the men opened the door letting her step inside. She soon entered the car and took a seat. One of the men leaned in and told her something into her ear.

"Master, Kale expects this mission to be carried out swiftly" He said.

Yukina nodded at this but said nothing to the man as he closed the door behind him. The car soon started and drove away from the curb the limo headed in the direction of where the bridge was.

Marie left her office wearing her usual Wine Red formal wear. She was wearing similar things to Lilly, except the colour was different and she wore a lacy black bra, which could just be seen under the neckline of her evening gown. She was also wearing deep crimson coloured lipstick and a whole ton of make-up. Lilly cringed at the sight. She thought her Mother looked like a femme-fatal from one of the movies which her Mother liked watching. The particular movie included a British Spy, or so Lilly could recall, she never really paid much attention to it.

"Well, I'm ready when you are." Lilly said to her Mother. Her Mother didn't even bother replying. She went to the front door and pressed her finger against the scanner. The doors opened soundlessly and Marie walked out. Lilly followed close behind.

Outside waited a long white limousine and a small collection of burly men. Marie walked onwards to the limo and the men followed behind. One of them opened a door at the back of the car and Marie climbed into the limo. Lilly followed after but she wasn't given the same treatment. She went to the other side of the car and entered from there.

"No talking when we are there. You utter a single word without being given permission to and I'll disown you." Marie coldly stated to Lilly, who just stayed silent and nodded in response.

Haley and Holly weren't so easily silenced, though. Once Lilly had left to get changed, they each put on their best clothes and got ready to go with her, secretly of course. Beforehand, both girls went to the toilet and afterwards quickly cleaned themselves up. Haley kept her seorita outfit on but removed the nappy and Holly placed her own one on as well, with the matching panties, vest and socks like Haley had. Holly's outfit was, instead of being black and red, black and dark blue. Before anyone else had even got ready, the secretly left the house and hid on the expansive boot of the limousine.

About 30 minutes later the Ravenclaw limo soon reached the bridge they drove over. To it and soon stopped in the middle of the large silver and grey bridge the bridge itself spanned. Two miles in each direction it was made of a strong white marble on each entrance were. Two large statues of gargoyles at each end of the bridge. As they stopped the car in the middle of the four laned road one of the men stepped out and walked over to the door. Opening it Yukina stepped out and walked into the fresh night air.

Looking over at each of the men who were now standing next to the limo.

"You know what to do" She told them.

Each of the men began to chant a small clear aura appeared around each of them. They placed their hands out forward the aura left their bodies and started to form a large box. The box began to expand in size and shape until it covered the entire bridge every other person and car upon. This bridge were gone leaving Yukina the limo and the others alone.

When Marie's car entered this area they would be transported into the area where Yukina was waiting for her.

The limo drove on. The ride went by in silence. Lilly played with her phone and checked her social networking feeds. Nothing important were on them, just some random videos of cats doing crazy things and attention seekers looking for someone to talk to.

Holly and Haley were bounced around in the back of the limo but they stayed quiet, they didn't want to give themselves away, not just yet.

"Ow! Get your foot out of my ribs!" Haley quietly, but angrily, said.

"Sorry. Could you get your panties out of my face?" Holly retaliated equally as quietly.

"I would if I could!" Haley answered.

"Actually...eek!" Holly quietly screamed. "You've taken your panties off again?!"

"No I didn't! They were pulled off with your movements!" Haley retorted.

The squabbling in the boot continued, the sound drowned out by the noises of the night.

As soon as they arrived at the bridge, Lilly, Holly and Haley all felt the magical aura around it. Lilly didn't recognize the magical signature. Some other empowered one must be in this town. Lilly prepared herself as they entered the magical field.

The limo soon entered into the magical area Yukina felt this happen within moments Marie. Would soon arrive as she stood there a swirl of water rose up from the river and engulfed her body. With it's magical power soon As the water vanished Yukina's clothes had changed.

She wears a black and blue, high-collared halter top, two pink, intersecting belts over her chest, and black shorts. On Yukina's arms are white bell-sleeves and tan, fingerless gloves. She also wears a small, segmented piece of armor on each of her upper arms. She wears what appear to be black stockings or socks on her legs which reach to about halfway up her thighs, leaving a small area of bare skin on her upper thighs. Yukina also bears two strips of blue cloth that drape over either side of her hips, along with a smaller, white strip of cloth tied around her waist, draped in the same manner. Finally, she wears pointed, armored, silver boots with a sharp "hook" on the outer side of each.

As saw saw the approaching head light's of Marie's limo a smile formed. "Cascada" Yukina shouted she launches a rushing surge of water at her towards the limo.

Lilly felt the surge of magic as they entered the binding field. Predicting an attack, she used some of her magic to put her Mother and the people inside the limo to sleep.

"Hearthfire." Lilly quietly intoned. The desired effect had happened and everyone was asleep. Well, everyone that Lilly knew about was. Lily quickly let her magic free and she changed into her battle outfit,

"Much better. I can move around without stumbling in those things." Lilly quietly said to herself as she got out of the limo.

A huge jet of water shot towards it. Lilly only just managed to erect a firewall big enough to evaporate the water and protect the Limo.

"Show yourself!" Lilly shouted out. "Quit hiding behind the water."

"It's making me want to pee again..." Lilly quietly added onto the end as she could feel it causing her bladder a little unrest.

Holly and Haley weren't sure what was happening now. They knew they entered something strange but they didn't know what. They could hear Lilly shouting something to someone, or something. Haley wanted to leave and check it out but Holly stopped her.

"We can't just go out blindly. We need to know just what Lilly's up against first." Holly quietly said to Haley, who just nodded in reply.

Watching as her attack had little to no effect once a large firewall appeared around the limo. Yukina walked forward she soon spotted another figure upon the bridge. 'Ah, so your the other one I was told about before. You seem different than the wind user" Yukina told her.

Again more torrents of water shot up from the river and began to swirl around her body. "I had thought Marie would be hear alone but I guess I was wrong" Yukina added in. She walked forward some more and just smiled.

"He never had any plans of joining with that bitch he only wanted her out in the open so she would be taken out" Yukina told her with a laugh she then kneeled on the ground'

"Astora" Kneeling, ice spins around Yukina. From which the water around her changed into. This builds up until the Yukina releases the spell as the ice would ram into Lily like an avalanche.

"What about me seems different?" Lilly answered defiantly.

Lilly then started to channel the magic in her body into an aura of white fire, which she'll soon shape into something more potent. More water shot up and Lilly could feel the effects of the sight and the sound of the water in her bladder. It started to fill up, causing Lilly to fidget on the spot. She quickly stopped this, she didn't want her opponent to think that she is weak.

"I think, by the code of conduct I'm bound by, introductions are in order before we slaughter each other." Lilly said. "My name is Lilly. My title is Shiroi Hono, 'White Flame' if you want it in a langue we both might understand." She finished as the aura around her condensed into a white flame barrier.

"How deluded might you be to think than an affluent person, like the head of the Sera family, would ever travel at night alone? They wouldn't even do it in the day!" Lilly shot back with a laugh.

"On the flip side, neither did my Mother." Lilly answered as the white flames around her started to swirl around in a circular motion. "But her way of destroying the Ravenclaw family was through more humane means, unlike your twisted boss, you lackey!"

The flames circling Lilly condensed into a large beam.

"Flame Tempest!" Lilly called out. The beam of fire started to move towards her opponent in a spiraling motion, melting any ice which was coming at Lilly from anywhere in a cone shape from Lilly's current location towards her foe.

"Your a flame user while she was a wind user" Yukina answered back to her.

Yukina noticed that Lilly fidgeted around and smiled at this she said nothing on it. Just knowing what to do would make it work more torrents of water shot up from the river. She listened to what Lilly had to say to her about names.

"My name is Yukina, My title is Amaya, "Night Rain" if you wanna know" Yukina told her.

She said nothing at what Lilly told her she guessed that Kale was wrong on that front. "Ah, but it was the Ravenclaw family who wanted this to happen". Yukina added.

Watching as the flames formed a swirling pattern around her. Lilly then sent them in the form of a spiraling beam at her. It seemed to melt away her ice Yukina quickly summoned up a wall of water to block the beam it slammed into the water. Destroying some of it parts of the flame struck Yukina's body causing her to scream in pain.

"Permafrost, construct a frozen coffin and deliver eternal sleep unto this beast Eternal Coffin" Yukina called out. When casting this spell, Yukina would spread out her arms to over as much area as possible. Snow and ice would then blow out of the area slowly weakening the enemy, and finally freeze the enemy.

Hearing the fact that the Ravenclaws had a part in this, her mind shot back to Kara.

"She wouldn't have a part in this, would she? No! What am I thinking?!" Lilly thought.

More water...

Lilly was really starting to regret picking a fight with this particular water user. She's always been weak to water, not just because of her fire nature. Water has always reminded her of toilet use, that's why she always tends to start to need to use one whenever she's near a lot of water, especially if it is moving. Her bladder was filling up faster and she started to feel it cause her abdomen a little pain.

"Focus on the fight, not the water. Focus on the fight, not the water..." She thought to herself in an attempt at taking her mind off of things. It was harder than it sounded as water is what has been being aimed at her.

She only just noticed, despite her need, that she had hit with the first strike, although it was no more than a glancing blow. She started to get a little complacent again. She quickly summoned her dual daggers and ran towards Yukina with cat-like grace. She didn't notice the ice beginning to form on the floor. she inadvertently slipped on it and landed on her backside.

"I'm prone now! I need to get up, fast!" Lilly thought to herself as she started to lift herself up. The air around her turned cold. This further added to her need, cold places always made her need the toilet as well. "Why did it have to be water and ice...?"

Yukina watched as the area around her start to get covered in ice and freeze the ground. Seeing as how Lilly ran towards her she laughed when she fell to the ground in sheer delight. this gave her the means to attack the prone Lilly. Moving her hands around she began to summon the water of the river beneath her soon the bridge started to shake. As two large torrents of water began to form around her.

With the water spinning around her Yukina started to walk forward. The water seemed to follow behind her she stopped and pointed at Lilly. The first large water torrent shot at Lilly's chest Yukina hoped that if this attack struck her she'd be hurt enough to have an accident. Remembering back to seeing her earlier fidgeting.

The second wall of water stayed around Yukina acting as a shield just in case. Lilly tried to attack her with anything with her free hand. Yukina pulled her sword from it's sheath. Mistdancer was a blade that was forged for Yukina alone. The sword contains every type of water magic. The sword itself was crafted using ancient water magic and metal. The blade itself is completely blue in color with green runes upon the blade. The hilt of the blade, like most others, is made out of some type of blue crystal, but it has some type of emblem in the middle of the hilt; this emblem looks somewhat like a dragon head.

Seeing the water jet heading at her, Lilly quickly attempted to back-flip away from her current position. That concentrated water would hurt quite a bit if it hit and it may cause other terrible things to happen. She only just managed to move away when she slipped and fell on her front this time. A small spurt of warm fluid left her girlhood and dampened the bottom of her leotard outfit.

"No! Nononononono!" Lilly thought as she quickly pushed herself up. A small wet spot could be seen on the front of her leotard outfit now. Her need was becoming more and more worse with every water attack that came at her. She couldn't take much more. She'll lose the endurance phase if it keeps up. If her need got more worse than it already was she might not even be able to cast any magic.

"Blazing aura!" Lilly cast on herself. A large white fire shield seemed to form around her. This shield will both protect her from the cold of the Permafrost and it would also offer some protection from weak water attacks and any melee attempt. She late regretted casting it as another spurt escaped her, further dampening her leotard outfit, creating a slightly bigger wet spot. Lilly blushed profusely and quickly but carefully ran to the right of Yukina.

"She's going to laugh at me, I know she is!" Lilly thought while blushing.

Watching Lilly do a back-flip or at least tried to she saw her avoid the attack. But slipped and fell on the ice again she could see a small wet spot form on Lilly's leotard she said nothing but laughed aloud at this.

"Lilly can't control your bladder maybe this will help" Yukina taunted.

She sent the other wall of water right at Lilly whom was running right at her. Seeing Lilly blushing she laughed again.

'Is all this water making your panties wet, does rain, rivers, lakes, oceans, ice and water also effect this?" Yukina asked.

She started to back away making some distance between the two.

'What about your peach is it wet as well does this make you feel naughty?" Yukina laughed.

"S-stop it!" Lilly groaned back as she ran along. Her blush became a little more worse.

All the mentions of things which Lilly associated with toilet use made her momentarily stop in her tracks and quickly grab at her crotch. She didn't care that she was in the middle of a fight, she wasn't about to embarrass herself by losing control of, not only the flow of battle, but also her own personal flow.

"I mean it! You're mean!" Lilly shot back as she squeezed tightly on her girlhood, trying to hold back the impending flood. Speaking of floods, there was one coming at her right now. Wait, WHAT?! A flood coming at her now?! She knew that if she moved she'll let out some more urine and if she stayed still she'll get beaten up pretty badly by the water and also fully lose control of her own bladder. She though the former was the better of choices. She nimbly dived to the side and flipped in the air to land right next to Yukina.

She was about to strike the potentially dazed Yukina when she felt a large spurt leave her girlhood. It dripped through her leotard outfit and feel onto the floor, melting a little of the ice right beneath Lilly. Both her hands quickly shot down to her girlhood to stop the flow.

"D-Don't look!" She shouted at Yukina while blushing a whole lot more.

Yukina saw as Lilly grabbed her crotch she still ran along but slower than before.

"Is your poor bladder swelling beyond what you can control are your panties getting soaked?" Yukina asked Lilly,

She saw what Lilly was doing and only smiled at her she watched as Lilly did a flip and land next to her. She meant to attack her but grabbed her crotch again as she saw the little spot grow larger.

"Go, ahead wet yourself here let me help you" Yukina said.

She brought forth more water from the river around her. As she neared Lilly she took her hand and grabbed hold of Lilly's arms and through them above her head letting go she ran her finger's long Lilly's peach through her leotard finding what she wanted Yukina started to tease her peehole with her fingers. She pinched Lilly's urethra really hard and then pull upwards on her leotard in the hopes of stimulating her bladder.

"N-no! Stop it! I'm gonna..." Lilly cried out as Yukina teased her bladder some more with the water. She squeezed against her crotch a lot harder. Her knuckles were turning white with effort and her body was shaking. As soon as Yukina moved Lilly's hands away from her hold, she knew she would lose complete control soon. This was accelerated by Yukina's now rubbing fingers.

That was it. The last straw. Lilly let out a stifled cry and her floodgates opened, adding to the water already going around the place. Warm clear liquid trickled down her legs for the sides of her leotard. The material it was made from couldn't hold any more urine after a while so it started to fall through the material and land on the floor in a rain-like sound.

"N-no. Not here... no..." Lilly sobbed out as tears started to fall down her face. Lilly's waterfall continued to fall to the ground beneath her. Her outfit was soaked at the crotch area and she had momentarily lost all will to fight. The waterfall soon died down to a stream and then a trickle.

"You're really mean! You're probably the worst opponent I've ever faced! That's a dirty trick, picking on a girl who's weak to water in more ways than one!" Lilly lectured Yukina while crying as she fell to the floor in embarrassment and disgrace.

Yukina only laughed as she kept up what she was doing to Lilly pulling her leotard across her peach. Wanting Lilly to fully wet herself in front of her once the floodgates opened. And the material darkened Yukina just thrilled at this. She again moved her fingers across Lilly's peach she wanted her bladder to be full again she wanted more of this she summoned more water around her.

Hoping it would fill her bladder again there was a trick she could use to make it. Happen but didn't use it since it would be cheated in control the water in a person. With her hand soaked in Lilly's urine she wet bad to rubbing Lilly's peach through her leotard she tried again to stimulate her peehole.

'How do I know you didn't enjoy this look at this your peach is wet you did enjoy this" Yukina taunted she brought her hand away and showed Lilly her clear sticky fingers covered it clear fluid. Her hand wet back to Lilly's crotch again pulling up hard on the leotard again going against her peehole.

"But I still think you enjoyed this why not pee again?" Yukina asked.

Lilly felt both violated and humiliated. She couldn't bring herself to fight this opponent.

"How could you..." Lilly managed to say before fully breaking down into floods of tears as Yukina continued her water torture and physical torture.

Back in the boot of the Limo, Holly and Haley were listening to the whole fight. Haley couldn't help but laugh at what happened to Lilly, this resulted in a swift kick from Holly.

"We have to help her!" Holly told Haley.

"How? You're just as bad as Lilly when it comes to water!" Haley retorted.

"I don't know. We need to re-invigorate Lilly's fighting spirit." Holly suggested.

"Like overwrite her embarrassment by a stronger urge?" Haley asked.

"Yes, that." Holly answered. "If she has a reason to fight again then maybe she'll get back to her old self."

"Should we go out there? Lilly will want to protect us, wouldn't she?" Haley replied.

"I think we should." Holly finished as she started to move her hand to find the latch on the boot. Holly's hand touched something both warm, soft and...able to move?

"Get your hand off there!" Haley shouted. "Don't violate me!"

Holly blushed when she realized what she had touched. "Maybe if you wore panties that wouldn't happen!" Holly shot back.

"I already told you what happened!" Haley shouted back to Holly.

After a short while, they both fell out of the boot and onto the cold hard floor.

"How could I, how could I because I can look at yourself" Yukina told her. She grabbed hold of the crotch piece of Lilly's leotard and pulled with all her strength feeling the fabric ripping away from Lilly's clothes. She dropped the piece to the ground she touched Lilly's peach with her fingers feeling out wet they were from her pee and pleasure juices.

'Your weak and you know it, your bladder has always been weak like now" Yukina added.

She used her fingers to tease Lilly's urethra and was rewarded with another tiny spurt of pee landed upon her hand. "See you'll always wet yourself from now on when ever your with friends or family you will always wet yourself, how about I call you Lilly-Spilly" She taunted.

'Hey look everyone it's Lilly-Spilly she's going to release her bladder now come on Lilly-Spilly go ahead show everyone your piss!" Yukina demanded.

She leaned down and stuck her fingers fully into Lilly's peach.

"Come on Lilly-Spilly wet yourself, pee yourself, pleasure yourself here" Yukina added.

She reached over and took hold of Lilly's hand and started with a rubbing motion upon her peach. Trying to start getting Lilly to pleasure herself before her.

She was about to say more when she heard a thud turning she looked over at the limo.

'Seems someone else is here" Yukina thought.

Lilly couldn't do a thing, she was powerless. She just withstood the torture put upon her by Yukina. Her crying increased when Yukina forced her to rub against her own girlhood.

"It's freezing out here!" Haley stated as she shivered from the cold.

"Y-yeah." Holly replied while doing the same.

"Wait, if we're going to do that we're a little lacking in things for it. We don't match." Haley added. "I just wish your outfit looked like mine."

As soon as Haley said that, Holly's outfit seemed to change from black and blue to black and red. Both just stared in amazement at this.

"Well, that was convenient. If a little weird." Haley stated. "Perfect. Let's go!"

Both twins joined hands and walked towards the woman standing over Lilly.

"Hey, Water Witch! Look over here!" Haley shouted out.

Yukina heard voices coming from afar she turned back and looked down at Lilly. "Keep pleasuring yourself" Yukina demanded as she turned away from her and started back to the limo. She then saw the twins she wasn't sure how these two other girl's had gotten within her barrier. But it didn't matter she'd take care of them to.

"Just what do we have here?" Yukina asked.

Several more torrents of water had began to form around her body. They swirled and moved yet acted as a shield she wasn't sure just what kinds of powers these. Girls had she wanted to keep some distance between the three of them.

Ravenclaw Estate

Several miles away from where the battle was happening Kara had finally returned home. After leaving the Sera house as she landed in the open court yard in front of her house. Which was surrounded by giant pine trees on either sides. On both the left and right side of the house were two large black statues of ravens both with their wings spread wide. In the center stood another statue this one of several small ravens surrounding a fountain. The house itself was built in a Gothic style it was two stories and made out of black and white marble. Several of the windows were stained glass featuring various images of scenes from the war in heaven.

Kara started to slowly walk up to the house she missed spending time with both Lilly and the twins. She wondered if she would be able to see them again soon.

Lilly was in no position to argue, she just did as she was told and continued to rub at her exposed flower.

"How about..."

"...we play..."

"... a game?" The twins said, taking turns of who was speaking.

"If you win..."

"...we'll tell you..."

"...Lilly's biggest weakness." They suggested.

She listened to what the girl's had to say to her she looked over at Lilly who was lightly. Pleasuring herself she thought of a way to further torture her "Lunatic Fervor" Yukina called out she placed a hand onto Lilly's forehead, This spell creates a raging storm of chaotic emotions and thoughts to spiral like a whirlpool in the target's mind, bringing all but the most serious of mind to madness and insanity

She turned her attention back towards the twins.

"So, what sort of game do you have in mind?" Yukina asked.

Under any normal circumstances, Lilly would have been immune to the spell which Yukina had cast on her. Today, she was a little more prone. Instead of driving her to madness, the spell had a different effect on Lilly. The spell made her start to enjoy the situation she had been put in, she loved sitting in the puddle of her own making and rubbing away at her tender flower. She started to rub a little faster.

"Can you guess..."

"...which of us..."

"...called out to..."

"...you first?" The twins chorused, taking turns speaking and occasionally swapping standing positions.

"Was it me?" One twin asked, the one on the right.

"Or was it me?" The second twin asked, the one on the left.

Yukina listened to each of the twins speak she started to think of what was said to her. She wasn't really sure just which twin it was who called out to her first. Her gaze traveled to the left and the right.

"Is it the one on the left?" Yukina asked.

She had a feeling that'd she'd lose this game she wanted to know Lilly's weakness but the thought of. Torturing these two girls was something she also wanted to do.

"Wrong answer. Try again." The twins said in unison as they moved around again to further confuse Yukina.

Meanwhile, Lilly was lost in the folds of the Lunatic Fervour spell. Her real consciousness had been pushed aside while the spell entered her mind. Now it was trying to fight against it. She managed to get a little more grip on her own sanity and the effect of the spell faded a little. She had now stopped rubbing against her flower but she still somehow liked sitting in her own puddle. Her mind tried again and she managed to now realize just what was happening. She was now conscious of the spell's effects in her mind. This little realization should help with her return to sanity,

It seemed she had gotten the answer wrong watching as both twins moved around again. In a means to confuse her "I'll pick the one on the left again" Yukina had a feeling she'd be wrong again she looked over at Lilly who seemed to have stopped pleasuring herself. She walked over to her and leaned down next to her.

"Who, told you to stop" Yukina snapped at her.

With her sword in hand she placed the tip of it against the front of Lilly's leotard. Slowly she started to bring it down hoping to cut through the material.

Lilly had now pushed nearly the whole spell's effect out of her mind. She was now conscious again, and seething with rage. She still acted like she was under its effects to not arouse any suspicion. She saw Yukina walk towards her and she noticed the twins behind her swapping their standing positions. She silently thanked the twins for the momentary distraction before finally wondering why they were here.

Once Yukina reached her, she said demanded something and began to try and cut her outfit open. Lilly focused her magic and created a huge spear of fire behind Yukina.

"I did." Lilly stated. "Flaemberg!" Lilly shouted out.

The spear of fire behind Yukina shot down towards her in an attempt at impaling her. Should the spear miss, Lilly readied herself to back-flip away from its area of effect.

The tip of her sword had cut open only a small part of Lilly's leotard just enough to reveal the top part. Of her breasts she was unaware of the huge flame spear being formed behind her. She then heard Lily shout out something only to feel the flame spear impale itself into her back.

Staggering backwards Yukina backed away from Lilly who moved by doing a back-flip. Fresh red blood splattered onto the ground behind her as her whole body burned in pain. "D-Damn you" Yukina snapped. She thought back and it seemed Lilly had tricked her some how she didn't know how but this angered her.

"Crystal Billow" Yukina yelled in rage torrents of water exploded up from the river. The water started to turn into shimmering crystalline structures that shoots against her enemies. Next Yukina went through with another attack after using some magic to get rid of the flame spear in her back.

"Araia" Yukina shouted this spell creates spikes of ice which she uses to shoot at enemies. When casting this spell, her sword would glow as the ice spikes appear around her. Upon her command, they fly out towards the target. When Yukina sent flying at Lilly.

Lilly looked at Yukina's staggering body while she flipped out of the way. She noticed that Yukina had also created more water and ice spears This had no effect on Lilly now as she had already emptied herself once because of it. Her bladder was now empty, allowing her to fight at full strength.

"Not going to work!" She shouted back at Yukina. "Flame Burst!" Lilly shouted.

A large cone of fire appeared in front of her, burning away any ice being fired from her front, and shot towards Yukina at full speed.

"Fire will always melt ice!" Lilly shouted back at the joke of an ice attack Yukina did to her.

The twins, noticing that Lilly was now in fighting shape, returned to the safety of the limousine's boot and waited for the battle to be over. They knew they'll get a scolding from Lilly but they wanted to help as much as they could.

"Yet, waters puts out fire!" Yukina shouted back a large torrent of swirling water formed around her, Forming a orb around her as the fire crashed into her shield. Steam rose into the air as the last of the fire was washed away from her the water died down and Yukina could be seen again.

"Water Dragons" Yukina said the remaining water is shaped into dragons and these can be simply destroyed by slashing them. Yukina sent them at Lilly this spell is useless but it helps Yukina so she can make a much powerful spell to attack her enemies.

Yukina began to chant now as she knew what to do next, She enchants this using these words "You who crosses between sky and earth, gently flowing water, gather in my hand and give me thy power rain " First small droplets of water rain down from the sky after each minute it gets heavier and heavier until it would become a vicious storm like weather.

As it started to rain across the battlefield Yukina knew just what attack to try next. It was a combo attack to her last one "Oh heavenly rain waiting upon the heavens tear thy sky and open them wide, make it Freeze" Yukina added the droplets become large shards of ice and it becomes a blizzard or a hail like situation where in every shard is directly focused on the opponent. It is difficult to avoid.

Yukina dropped to one knee her body still ached and she was losing power.

Lilly gasped as Yukina evaporated her attack. She quickly drew her daggers and slashed at the water dragons coming towards her. The water they were made from splattered against her and made her outfit a little damp.

The weather turned to rain and then hail. Lilly knew what she'd do.

"Blazing Aura!"

The fire shield appeared around Lilly again and melted away the hail stones, all she had to deal with now was the poor visibility. She changed her daggers into her shortbow and readied an arrow. She focused her power into the arrow and its size grew until it was the size of a javelin.

"Piercing Line!" Lilly cast as she fired the arrow. It shot straight towards where Yukina was and, maybe, still is. Lilly hoped that this attack connected as she was starting to get annoyed at all the water as it made her feel like she needed to use the toilet again.

Again it seemed that her latest attacks had little to no effect on Lilly. With the rain giving her poor visibility With the remaining power Yukina had she decided to get serious with Lilly. Using some magic her clothes began to change her clothes were torn from her body as a new set took it's place.

This revealing green armor, complete with bluish portions, has its appearance modeled after different sea creatures. The breastplate, which barely covers Yukinas breasts, somewhat resembles seaweed, and has some thin chains hanging from it over Yukinas exposed parts, with a pair siding her breasts and another the belly; a fifth chain is visible around her neck, which is guarded by the large collar. The breastplate is linked to the pauldrons, composed of green plates and decorated by prominent fin-like ornaments.

The gauntlets cover only Yukinas forearms, leaving her biceps exposed, and possess decorated elbow guards with prominent ornaments jutting out in whirl shapes, reminiscent of seashells. The armor lacks a waist guard; instead, Yukina is geared with a dark bikini, and a long cloth, with its edges yet again reminiscent of fins, circles her waist on the back and the sides, being connected to the shorts by a pair of fasteners shaped like sea stars.

The greaves possess fin-shaped protrusions in correspondence to Yukinas ankles, and extend up to her knees, with her thighs being instead covered by jagged parts made of cloth. The outfit is completed by a headgear, with a large metal part covering her forehead, bearing a whirl-shaped wave on it, and large fin-shaped protrusions siding her head.

An arrow came flying right at her Yukina brought her arms up and the arrow slammed into her. Knocking her to the ground she fell hard on her butt quickly getting back to her feet. "Water Nebula" Yukina cast two waves of water rush up from the river and hopefully blasts Lilly into the air with tremendous force.

Lilly wasn't sure if her attack connected. She heard the clash of her arrow against some kind of armour. She was about to go for another shot when she was blasted into the air by a jet of cold water. She screamed as the force of the water crashed against her exposed tender flower.

"Cold cold COLD!" Lilly screamed out as she was shot into the air. This new vantage point allowed her to see her foe. She quickly changed her bow into a huge Hand-and-a-half sword, which she normally couldn't wield, and threw herself to just above Yukina.

"You'll pay for attacking my tender parts with that!" She shouted at Yukina as she descended.

From Yukina's view, she could probably see Lilly's girlhood in full view.

Having a perfect view of Lilly's exposed girlhood Yukina smiled she decided on a small method of attack. She shot tiny spurts of water at Lilly's girlhood hoping if they struck it they could some how mange to enter into Lilly's urethra and fill her bladder. This water was rather easy to avoid but there was alot of them.

"It's your fault for flashing me" Yukina taunted Lilly.

She jumped backwards to avoid the sword as it slammed down into the bridge. Yukina did avoid most of it but felt the tip of the sword cut a large gash into her exposed chest, "Water Funnel" Yukina cast a funnel of water is made and then sucks the target. The target then is shot out of the other end (which is the top) hopefully crashing down to the bottom.

"Is the water treating you well do you need to pee again?" Yukina asked.

"This is getting tiresome! Why won't you give up!" Lilly exclaimed as she pulled her sword out of the bridge. Afterwards, she changed it back to her bow.

She was then sucked into a water plume and sent flying again.

"Quit it!" Lilly shouted back down as she fired an arrow at Yukina's position before landing gracefully on her feet.

The water was starting to affect Lilly again but she didn't care. She was beyond caring as she had already been humiliated once. If worse came to worst, she could just let it out as her Leotard was ripped and her girlhood was exposed. No harm would be done then.

"You know why I'm here I would leave until she is dead" Yukina snapped.

She brought her sword up and swung it across striking the arrow aimed at her. Knocking it to the side she now turned her attention to the car.

The water around them from the rain started to fall even harder Yukina moved her sword arm. And brought the water in a slamming down motion at the top of the limo. She then turned back at Lilly.

"Why should I, I already know what you want to do so do it bitch!" Yukina snapped in rage.

Before the water could make contact with the Limo, Lilly put a large firewall around and above the limo, evaporating any water which was about to strike it.

"I won't let that happen!" Lilly shouted back as she used the momentary lapse of attention to try and get a lucky shot in. "Run back to your master with your tail between your legs like the dog you are!"

Yukina screamed in rage and looked at Lilly with a look of hatred. 'Why not just pee and pleasure yourself again I know all this water is making your poor bladder ache like crazy" Yukina shouted back.

More and more rain began to fall upon the area it seemed now that all the water was starting to fall on Lilly.

"If it'll make you leave, then fine!" Lilly shouted back as she started to squirm around under the rainfall.

She kept the fire shield around the limo in hopes that this little thing would be enough to get this annoying water user away from her so she can think straight again. She only agreed to it as she was still slightly under the effects of the Lunatic Fervour.

Yukina just laughed as more water was send at the limo once again. She looked back at the squirming Lilly.

"if you think that will truly make me leave your wrong" Yukina pointed out. She jumped into the torrent of water and appeared behind one that was behind where Lilly stood. She brought her sword down at Lilly's leotard again hoping to cut through it.

"I want to see you broken before me, I want you wetting yourself crying in sheer embarrassment. As you pleasure yourself to a massive orgasm" Yukin shouted.

Lilly thought it wouldn't be that easy.

She managed to just avoid Yukina's surprise attack but it still managed to cut open the back of her half blazer a little.

"Pee on her!" A voice in Lilly's head screamed. She was surprised at this but she was still taken by the overwhelming urge of the spell still in effect.

Lilly jumped back and dived towards Yukina only to blink out of view in a wall of white fire and appear above her head. Something was a little off, though. Instead of falling down onto Yukina, Lilly was on a platform made out of white fire.

"Huh?" Lilly's surprised face looked at the platform she was on. "When was I able to do this?"

Spell learned: Flame Platform!

Falling for the urge of the spell, Lilly placed her exposed flower of the edge of the platform and let her warm, clear fluids go all over Yukina.

"Why am I doing this?!" Lilly screamed in her mind.

A wave of fire was shot into the surprised Yukina's face blinded from seeing in front of her. Yukina staggered backwards she then felt clear fluids fall all over her. Coughing Yukina looked up and saw Lilly shooting it at her.

"How dare you!" Yukina screamed she reached up and grabbed hold of Lilly pulling her. Down from the ledge she watched as Lilly landed hard on her butt. She reached down and grabbed some of the hair above Lilly's peach and pulled on it hard pulling out some hair.

She walked behind Lilly and grabbed both her arms to try and hold her down. With her other hand she tried to grab hold of Lilly's stomach and push down onto it hard.

"Hey! What giv- ow!" Lilly shouted as she was pulled down from the platform and onto the floor.

"It must have been your stupid spell! I didn't want to do that!" Lilly shouted out as a huge blush fell over her face.

"Stop push- owowow!" Lilly started as her warm clear liquid was forced out of her by Yukina.

This time Yukina didn't care she kept pushing down upon Lilly's stomach. "You think this is funny!" Yukina yelled. As she tried to slap Lilly across the face with her free hand. "Forever you'll be changed after tonight let's try this" Yukina placed her free hand near Lilly's urethra and began to try and shot water inside of her. I hopes of filling her bladder up if she wanted to Lilly could get away.

She leaned down next to Lilly and whispered in her ear. "Lilly-Spilly, Lilly-Spilly" Yukina taunted her.

"That's IT!" Lilly screamed out. A burst of flame surrounded the area she was in reaching out to a 10 foot radius. White fire cloaked her body and her iris's were pure white flames.

"I've had enough! I'm sick of you torturing me!" Lilly shouted at Yukina. "Say what you want, I'm not listening!"

Lilly seemed to float up into the air on the thermal currents of her blazing fire cloak. She floated up to about 5 feet into the air. She raised her right hand and then her left. A huge ball of fire was being formed in her hands and it grew in size ever second.

"JUST LEAVE ME ALONE!" Lilly screamed out. "DISINTEGRATION!"

The huge ball of fire shot down towards Yukina. The flame ball's size was a good 5 feet in all directions. Yukina could avoid this, but the shock impact would probably cause the ground to shake quite violently.

Lilly seemed to float up into the air and Yukina let go of her she felt the belt up in power. And started to back away from Lilly seeing the huge fireball forming in her hand. "Not good" Yukina thought as the huge fireball slammed into her the ball sent Yukina flying she slammed hard. Into the guard rail and was sent flying over it. Landing in the water with a plash the barrier around them shattered to pieces. As the men in black got into the limo and drove away.

Ravenclaw Manor

Once Kara walked through the doors to her house her father was there to greet her. "I don't even wanna know where you've been now hurry up and go get changed we have guests coming over" Kale told her. Pushing Kara forward towards the stairs.

Lilly was panting with both rage and exertion when she saw Yukina fly over the guard rail.

"And don't ever come back!" She shouted in the direction Yukina flew.

A huge indent in the road was left where the fireball hit. Lilly slowly descended down to the ground and her battle outfit changed back to her pristine formal wear.

Lilly went over to the Limo and opened the boot. She then glared at the twins. who meekly smiled back.

"What the hell do you think you're doing?!" Lilly snapped at them. "You could have been seriously hurt!"

"We're sorry." They replied.

"Get in the car." was Lilly's answer.

Kara soon began to walk up the grand stair case of her home. It was made out of white and black stone marble the hand grips were gold. A large chandler was in the middle of the ceiling Kara walked down the small red carpet and walked five doors down, Until she made it to her room upon entering. There was a large queen sized bed that sat in the middle of the room. Two night stands were located on either side. To the left was a small desk with a laptop upon it which sat open. Next to the desk were a large bookshelf which was filled neatly with many books. Over on the right hand side of the room. Was a tv stand with a small flat screen tv upon it and various animes neatly sitting on the shelf below it.

Kara walked over to her closet and started looking for her formal wear she soon found what she was looking for. Alfred Angelo dress (white) with plum organza sash; back button closure. She walked back outside and laid the dress upon the bed. Walking back into the closet Kara found a silver silk training bra and a pair of silver frilly panties walking back out of the room. She placed these onto the bed and started to get changed into them along with her dress.

Kale meanwhile was now wearing a pure black evening wear formal suit. He made his way into the main dining room as he walked into the room. He saw a large white marble dinner table to the left and right of the table were statues of little ravens. Behind them were small fountains shooting water into the air. One of the maids soon placed a crystal raven ice statue upon the table. Kale walked around the room.

'Perfect" He said.

Kara had finished dressing herself though one of the maids helped her button up the back of her dress. She combed out Kara's pink hair and then placed a small pink rose in her hair. Looking at herself in the mirror Kara blushed she looked really pretty. Yet as she got up she felt the need to go to the bathroom but pushed it from her mind. Soon her father's guests would arrive and if she was late she'd get into trouble. Making her way out of the room Kara headed down stairs and waited in the main hallway.

After many arguments between Lilly, Marie and the twins, the limo set off again to cover the last distance to the Ravenclaw residence. Lilly felt a little nervous as she wasn't sure what to expect. Her mind was still a little hazy from the effects of Yukina's spell. She just hoped she wouldn't have any crazy episodes at the dinner party.

Lilly fidgeted from nervousness throughout the rest of the ride. The limo stopped outside the huge double gates and Marie was ushered out of the car to press the buzzer to be let in.

"It's Marie Sera, I'm here for the appointed meeting." She said into the intercom. She then waited for the gates to open.

Meanwhile, back in the limo, Lilly was starting to feel the first signs of bladder unrest.

"No. Please no. Not here, please!" She cried out in her mind.

"Please follow the main road someone shall be greet you outside" The voice replied to Marie. The double gates opened at Marie's request.

Kale returned to Kara and told her to be outside to greet their guests. As he remained in the hallway talking to several of the maids about tonight's events. Kara nodded her head and slowly walked outside she was still feeling the first signs of bladder unrest herself.

As she walked out the doors and stood outside Kara hoped from one foot to the other. She really hoped that she wouldn't have any sort of accident here. Or even at the party yet the after effects of her mind reading were again taking their took on her. Kara's bladder was rapidly filling up and she tightly crossed her legs together.

*007*2014-06-08 05:19

Here is chapter 5 for you all

Chapter 5: New Partners

Marie returned to the limo and it drove through the gates.

Lilly was still fidgeting a little from nervousness and her growing need for a toilet. She started to rub her legs together.

The twins looked over at Lilly and a thought appeared in Haley's head. She was still thinking about the earlier color change of Holly's dress and wondered if it was her or Holly who had done that. Holly's dress, by now had returned to normal. Haley smirked at her idea and thought of a way to carry it out.

The limo arrive at the main entrance to the house and the group stepped out. What Lilly saw now was as much as a pleasant surprise as it was a shock of horror.

"Kara?!" Lilly shouted out.

"Kara!" The twins cried in joy as they jumped onto her.

Lilly looked at the outfit Kara was wearing, she couldn't help but think that it was kind of cute.

Kara watched as the limo pulled up to the house. She was still squirming around as she stood there. Soon Marie, Lilly and the twins exited the car and Kara gasped in shook when she saw them she felt both Holly and Haley jumped onto her. But she pushed them away gently "Later" Kara told them she looked over at Lilly.

"Lilly?" Kara shouted out.

Kara looked at the outfit Lilly was wearing she did look cute herself. Yet she remained in control and looked over at Marie "if you would folow me please" Kara told her she turned around. And walked back towards the house the group soon followed Kara inside as she led the group over to her father.

"Ah, Marie it's nice to meet you did you have a nice trip?" He asked.

He looked over at Lilly and the twins but said nothing.

'If you'd follow me please" He said.

Kale led the group into the main dining hall and walked over to the table.

As Kara walked into the dining room she saw all the water from the fountains. And gasped this wasn't good further signals were sent to her bladder as she pushed her fingers into her gown above her crotch. She whimpered Lilly and the twins could most likely see that she needed the toilet and blushed as this as she walked slowly towards the table.

"Holly, Haley! Control yourselves! We are guests here!" Marie shouted to the twins. "And, Lilly, what did I tell you about talking?!"

"Sorry, Mother." The twins answered as they stood in their uniform line. Lilly quickly joined them.

Marie followed the girl, who must have been Kale's daughter Kara, into the mansion.

"Why can't you be more like her, you vile girl?" Marie said to Lilly before they saw Kale. "It's nice to meet you, too. I guess you could say it was a nice trip." Marie answered.

The group moved into the dining hall. Lilly was met by the sound of something she'd rather not have heard.

"Why fountains? Why?!" Lilly's mind cried out as she started to push into her crotch behind her bag, which she carried in her hand.

The twins, well, Haley at least, noticed the actions of both Lilly and Kara. Another smile came to her face. It seemed like Holly as well was starting to be affected by the fountains. Haley went over to Holly and whispered something in her ear. First, Holly shook her head quite fast and then she nodded slowly. Haley just smiled some more.

Kara said nothing as she heard Marie belittle Lilly before her. She wanted to speak up but knew if she did that'd she'd get into trouble Kara soon took her seat at the table. Beside her father whom also took a seat.

He saw his guests take their seats as well Lilly sat next to Kara, The twins across the from the pair and Marie sat at the other end of the table. He waited before everyone finished before he spoke up.

"I hope that everything goes well tonight" Kale told Marie. As some maids started to come into the room and ask the trio just what they'd like to drink.

As Kara sat in her chair she shifted her feet alot since hearing the fountains wasn't helping matters. She crossed her legs under the table and pushed her hand against her crotch. This wasn't really helping matters she bounced slightly in her seat. As she heard her father talk with Marie and the maids arrive into the room Kara hated this moment.

"A small water please" She told one of the maids.

Who quickly left the room to get her drink. She turned to look at Lilly and tried to smile but only blushed she was sure Lilly would know she needed to pee quite badly.

Sitting down made matters worse. Thankfully, the seat was a little too big for Lilly and her feet draped over the edge. This at least allowed her to swing her legs back and forth. She squirmed a little in her seat as well. It looked like Kara needed just what Lilly did. Lilly blushed in response.

The maids asked Lilly what she would like to drink. Just great. Not wanting to seem like a bad guest, lest she incur her Mother's wrath, Lilly asked for a glass of blueberry juice.

Haley could see just how badly the other three were doing. Holly was also moving around a little in her seat. The maids came over to them and asked them what they would like to drink. Haley asked for a glass of Cola and Holly asked for a glass of blueberry juice, like Lilly.

"As do I." Marie answered. She noticed just how much Lilly and Holly were moving around, she shot them glares before requesting a Martini from the maid. She wasn't driving so she didn't care what she drank.

Kale seemed to notice Kara moving about in her seat along with both Lilly and Holly. He gave Kara a glare which seemed to make her stop squirming. He ordered the same thing as Marie did and the maid went to get his drink. "So, where shall we begin then?" Kale asked her. As the maid came back with his drink and the others as well.

Kara still looked over at Lilly she saw her blush as well blushing in return. She knew what Lilly needed to do. she turned away from Lilly and leaned forward in her chair she brought her gown up to her waist showing Lilly. The silver frilly panties she wore for a few seconds then placed the cloth from the table. Over her legs Kara began to push against her peehole through her panties. Blushing even more as she did this.

Yet also at the same time Kara's peach started to get moist at the thought of having an accident. Right here in front of Lilly she wanted to as she had missed out on having one. Back at Lilly's house earlier. Looking over at her Kara blushed a deeper red she longed to reach out and take Lilly's hand and press it against her peehole. She started to reach for Lilly's hand when the maid returned with her water quickly Kara pulled her hand away.

Lilly let out a stifled gasp as the glare from Marie caused a little of her warm urine to leak out. It wasn't enough to dampen her panties but it was enough to cause her to fidget a bit more. She tried her best to not attract the attention of Kale or Marie.

Holly wasn't as lucky as Lilly. A spurt of her urine left her girlhood and did dampen her panties a little. She let out a quiet groan and proceeded to push into her crotch under the table.

Haley noticed Holly movements and proceeded to test out her plan on her. Haley pictured something in her head and focused on a space in front of Holly. Holly's reaction of letting out another groan and a little cry was all the confirmation she needed to understand what she wanted to. All of her plan was falling into place.

"Well. I think it's best to begin from when you first thought up this idea of a conglomeration. I'd like to know just where I stand in all of this." Marie answered.

Lilly looked back over at Kara and blushed bright red and turned away when she saw the small flash of silver from what must have been Kara's panties. Her heart beat a little faster and she felt a little hot.

"Show her your own and push against your girlhood!" A voice in her head demanded. It was that damn spell again. Powerless to resist. Lilly did as it demanded. She poked Kara a little to get her attention. If Kara turned around, Lilly would lift up the front of her dress just enough to show Kara her golden panties and her small mound. She would then get a hand and push into her mound a little.

Kara still pushed against her own girlhood underneath the table. She then felt a tiny spurt of pee into her panties not enough to dampen them but it did make a tiny wet spot. Kale looked over at Kara and gave her another glare he always looked at Lilly. But played it no mind he didn't care just what she was doing anyway,

Kale listened to just what Marie had to say to him, He took a sip of his drink and thought over what he was going to say. "I've actually been running over this idea for a while now, I'd like to begin this partnership right away it would be best. If we had a meeting between both our heads of business" Kale answered.

Kara felt herself being poked she looked over and saw that Lilly had pulled up her own skirt. Flashing her the golden panties and small mound. Blushing she pulled the cloth back and showed Lilly her silver panties again reaching over. Kara took Lilly's small hand and placed it on her own small mound and started a pushing motion. Kara wasn't sure why she did it but it did feel really nice.

"Rub against her! Cause her to pee!" The voice demanded Lilly. Why won't it leave her alone?! Just how long was this spell meant to last?

Lilly blushed even more when Kara pressed her hand against her special place. Lilly's heart was racing as she felt the small petals of Kara's flower. She then, answering the irresistible voice in her head, rubbed her hand back and forth across Kara's flower, pushing in every now and then in an attempt at breaking her dam. Lilly kept one hand pushing against her own flower to hold back the flood which wished to leave her.

"Why am I doing this?!" Lilly cried out in her mind. In actual fact, she was getting quite into rubbing against Kara's special place.

Holy noticed the strange behavior of the two opposite her. She was watching them really closely, almost as if she was watching a television programme.

"Sounds good to me. Just what shall we be becoming partners over? The whole business enterprise or just sections of it?" Marie asked as she drank some of her Martini. This proposal was becoming more interesting by the minute.

Kara felt as Lilly slowly and gently began to rub her treasure through her panties. She started to move her legs back and forth under the table. Yet when Lilly pushed her panties into her peach Kara felt a small spurt of yellow pee splash into her panties. Slowly dampening the crotch of them yet when the blushing Kara looked over at Lilly she reached with her own hand and returned the favor.

Pressing her fingers lightly against Lilly's own peach. She pressed inward hard but in a gentle way yet what she wanted to do was take Lilly right there here and now. Kara leaned over towards Lilly when both their parents weren't looking. "Thank you" Kara mentioned.

Kale drank some more of his own Martini as he thought of what to say, "The whole business enterprise" Kale told Marie soon the maids began to return this time asked what everyone would like for dinner. "Yet it would also mean we'd have to buy some local businesses" Kale added.

Lilly felt the small splash of warm liquid against the cool fabric of the panties Kara was wearing. Lilly's face turned bright red and she couldn't bare to look Kara in the eye.

"She must hate me now!" Lilly mentally scolded herself.

Lilly was surprised and horrified when Kara returned the favor. The shock of the stimulation, coupled with Lilly's growing need, caused a large spurt of her warm fluids to leave her girlhood and dampen her golden panties. She trembled with exertion as she tried to keep the flow in check. Lilly further blushed when Kara seemed to thank her for what she was doing.

"Sounds good." Marie replied. "I don't much care for small time run down excuses for businesses anyway."

Kara felt a tiny wave of warm liquid pass into Lilly's panties. It dampened her panties and wetted her fingers yet Kara didn't care she wanted this and needed it. She ran her middle finger over the outline of Lilly's peach she pushed in ever so gently pushing the fabric of her panties, Past Lilly's labia and into side of her.

She turned her attention to her father.

"Father may I please be excused for a moment?" Kara asked.

Kale looked over at her.

"Fine" He replied.

Kara pushed her dress down and took her hand away from Lilly's treasure but took her hand motioning for her to come along.

Kale looked back over at Marie. "Good then, so what can you offer to this partnership beside money?" Kale asked.

"Um, Mother, may I please be excused. I need to..." Lilly quietly said while fidgeting around a lot. Kara's stimulation and the fountain was starting to get to her.

Seeing the chance, Holly and Haley also requested to be excused.

"Mother, I've gotta pee. Can I go please?" Haley blatantly said, regardless of her present company. "Holly's coming with me, too." Haley added as she practically pulled Holly out of her seat.

Thinking on Kale's offer of 'other things', Marie agreed to the girl's demands.

"Fine, go on." She said, uncaring.

All three left the room with Kara.

"Now, Kale." Marie said as she started to lean a little on the table, seductively flashing the top of her bust. "There are other things which a man can bring to a woman." Marie added on the end in a husky voice.

Kara led Lilly and the others out of the room. She led them towards the staircase and was about to go up it. When she felt another spurt of pee escape her girlhood and further dampen her panties. She now was starting to really push her fingers into her crotch through her dress. "Lilly please" Kara begged wanting Lilly to touch her again.

She looked over at both Holly and Haley. "The restroom, is up the stairs but can only b.." Kara's voice trailed off as another wave of pee flooded into her panties.

Kale watched as Marie leaned forward showing off the top of her bust. "Is that truly what you'd like?" Kale asked. He knew what Marie was offering he'd only play her game for so long. "I'm sure your nights at home must be very lonely, I'm sure you haven't felt the touch of a man in a long time" Kale said in a husky voice of his own.

"I'm about to burst!" Lilly squeaked out as she double over while pushing her hands into her crotch.

Haley grinned at both of the girl's actions.

"I have a solution!" Haley announced proudly. "Just wait a second."

Haley pictured something in her head and then looked at the three girls in turn. She then looked at the floor in front of them and a child's potty seemed to appear.

"Why don't you go in this?" Haley asked while smiling. She knew what would happen.

"It's all faded and it doesn't look real." Holly cut in.

"What do you mean? It looks real enough to me! I'm not using it-" Lilly started before a large spurt escaped her urethra and further dampened her panties. "On second thoughts, it does look tempting." Lilly seemed to change her opinion quite quickly.

Haley knew that it was nothing more than an illusion of her own making. She realized she could make them when she changed Holly's dress to look like her own. A pair of blonde cat ears and a matching cat tail seemed to appear on her, but she couldn't see them yet.

"Not anything which I would call the true touch of a man. That poor excuse of mine couldn't even pass as a tomboy." Marie answered. She had Kale right where she wanted him. Soon, a scandal would happen should he accept.

"I can't use that I just can't" Kara added to the group as she felt another larger spurt escape her urethra it. Dampened her panties she was blushing now and had moved her dress up to around her waist. Showing off her small mound and silver panties again. She was now pushing really hard against her girlhood and was soon about to cry.

"But I'm guessing that you was someone like me to make you happy?" Kale asked he got up from the table and walked over to Marie. He leaned down and ran his fingers lightly over her breasts. "Yet how do I know that this isn't some sort of game?" He asked.

By now Kara was crying as more and more pee flooded into her panties beginning to turn them yellow in color. "Please, Lilly please again again" Kara begged

Lilly knew that if she didn't find a way of relieving herself soon then she'd do it in her best clothes. The cleaning bill for it would be insanely expensive.

"I'm going to use it!" She announced as she moved towards the potty illusion. Haley had already placed a flower pot underneath it to not make a puddle on the floor. "Don't look or listen!" Lilly added as she crouched over the potty illusion and pulled her panties down. A half second later, a jet force of warm clear liquids left Lilly and landed into the flowerpot. Lilly let out a huge sigh of relief as she released her fluids.

Haley had started giggling to herself and her cat tail seemed to bounce around in contentment.

"Now that's what I call watering the flowers." Haley chuckled out quietly. Holly heard her though.

"I knew the potty wasn't real!" Holly cut in just as quietly. A small pair of white bunny ears appeared on her head and a small white bunny tail could just be seen under her dress.

"But Lilly didn't." Haley continued. She noticed the ears and the tail on her sister. "Cute pair of ears you have there. When did you get them?"

"What ears?" Holly asked.

"Those." Haley answered as she pointed to the ears on Holly's head.

"Quit it with that strange power of yours!" Holly angrily retorted. She then noticed the cat ears and tail on her sister. "Into cosplay, are you? What is it this time? Spanish kitty cat?"

"What are you talk-" Haley started until she saw her reflection the the polished flooring. "What? When? HOW?!" She asked surprised.

"The only game I know of is this one." Marie answered as she stroked Kale's leg. "I'm game if you are."

Kara was now busy rubbing herself as she watched as Lilly peed. A clear wetness was forming in her panties as her peach tingled with excitement. Yet once Lilly was finished Kara decided to give in she rushed forward and pushed Lilly out of the way. She herself pull up her own dress and pulled her panties to the side she crouched low over the pot. Then let loose her own stream of pee adding further what was already in the pot.

As the fluid left her body Kara blushed. And looked down at the ground not wanting to see anyone's face. Soon she was finished she placed her panties back into place and moved away from the pot and lower her dress. As she rose her head she noticed something different about Holly and Haley. Holly had bunny ears and a tail and Haley cat ears and a tail.

'Um, what happened?" Kara asked them.

She then thought for a moment about something else. Since it was a Saturday night perhaps that could work.

"W..would you three like to maybe um, spend the night?" Kara asked blushing.

Kale felt as Marie touched her leg he enjoyed the feeling. "Though are you good?" Kale asked he reached over and touched her leg.

As soon as her stream finished, Lilly was pushed aside by Kara. She didn't have time to pull her panties up before she fell onto her rear with a bump. Lilly was about to scold Kara for what she did until she saw the stream of liquid coming from Kara's crotch. Lilly turned bright red and turned her head to not look at the stream. Her heart was thumping and her body felt hot at the sound of Kara's relief. She quickly pulled her panties up and brushed herself down as she rose to her feet again. She looked over at the twins who seemed to be in conversation about something. Lilly could not believe what she was seeing. She blinked twice and rubbed her eyes but they were still there. She though that they looked irresistibly cute in their little senorita dresses with their tiny animal ears and tail. She walked over to them and started to stroke Haley's tail.

Haley was busy wondering just what had happened. She didn't see Lilly come over.

"Just what is this? I think we both look kind of- ahhhnnnnnnn!" Haley was saying before her body started tingling at Lilly's touch. She started to feel all warm and fuzzy and her breathing was becoming more shallow. She felt like all the strength had left her body but she didn't fall down. She turned around and saw Lilly playing with her tail.

"Lilly, please, auuua, stop that, hauuuuu!" Haley managed to say between bouts of strange feelings.

Lilly quickly removed her hand and Haley now felt like she did before the tail playing.

"That's what we'd like to know." Holly replied as she looked over her reflection in the flooring. She then rubbed her bunny ears and found out that they were real. "Just how are we going to explain this to Mother?"

All three looked at Kara with surprised yet happy looks.

"We'd love to!" They replied simultaneously.

"Good' only exists in the mind of the other." Marie answered with a sly smile. "What do you think?"

Kara was still surprised at what took place before her, Slowly she walked over to Holly first she lightly touched her bunny ears feeling how soft they were. "Oh, so cute" Kara cried in joy she ran her fingers along the ears touching them softly she even leaned forward and kissed each one. Giving it a playful lick before walking behind Holly and seeing her cute bunny tail. Reaching down she took hold of it and gave it a soft squeeze several times. "You look really cute" Kara whispered into Holly's ear.

She let go and walked over to Haley she had seen the way Lilly. Had played with her tail Kara touched it petted, squeezed it, played with it but then let go. "You look cute as well Haley" Kara told her she then licked both her fingers and brought them to Haley's cat ears and ran the fingers over them. She pulled away from Haley and walked back to Lilly,

She was glad when they all agreed to spending the night. "I'll ask my dad wait here" Kara told them. She left the three alone walked back into the dinner room. She saw that her dad and Marie were talking about something.

"Excuse me father but can our three small guests spend the night?" She asked,

Kale heard this and took that "small guests" meant Lilly and the twins. "Sure I guess" Kale told her as Kara then left the room and walked back to the others.

'My, dad said it was ok. I know that this is rather sudden, but you guys can barrow some of my sleeping clothes for the night ok?" Kara asked,

As she waited for their answer she thought of something else. "How about tomorrow we have a friendly duel there will be two teams. Myself and one of the twins, while Lilly and the other twin will be the other team" Kara said.

"Holly, Haley it's your choice which one of you would like to be on my team. Also the reason I'm asking for this duel is maybe it can help you girls to further awaken your powers" Kara added.

Kale returned his gaze back to Marie after he had talked to Kara. "You speak the truth and where were we" Kale answered.

"Kara...what are...you...doing?" Holly panted out as she was overcome with a strange feeling. She felt really hot and weak and her heart was beating faster than normal. She yelped when Kara squeezed her tail.

"Please stop." Holly begged.

"Thank mew." Haley played along with her cat guise. She purred when Kara stroked her ears and she started to rub her head against Kara's hand.

"Well, I'm about your size but I'm not really sure about the girls." Lilly said. "I don't know if you've got any clothes that might fit them.

"It's okay. I'll sleep nude if I have to." Haley smiled out, not quite realizing the insinuation of her words. Lilly blushed bright red and attempted to stammer out a reply when Holly beat her to it.

"What are you saying?!" Holly gasped out. "D-do you realize just what you said?!"

"Well, yes." Haley replied matter of factly. "I've done it before so I can do it again."

Suddenly remembering, Lilly asked Kara something.

"Um, do you perhaps have, erm, there's no easy way to say this, please don't take this the wrong way, do you have some sleeping nappies? It's just that Haley, you know..." Lilly blushed while saying.

"I'm not too sure. I'm not really into violence." Holly answered.

"I'm up for it! I get Lilly!" Haley beamed out.

"AS long as we don't destroy the place. Or each other, for that matter." Lilly replied.

"I believe that, considering my annoying offspring are staying here, we can get down to business?" Marie suggested.

Kara had not touched Holly anymore before she asked to her to stop. Though she did with Haley some more by playing along with her and rubbing her hand on Haley's head. "You looked cute so I thought I'd give it a squeeze sorry you didn't like it" Kara told Holly. She felt sad on the inside that Holly disliked having her tail touched. When Haley said she'd sleep nude Kara blushed at the thought,

"Um, no, no you shall sleep in something" Kara told Haley. She looked over at Lilly for a moment "I might have something that they can both wear." She added. Then listened at what both girls thought about tomorrows duel, "Maybe it'd be better if both Holly and Haley were on a team against Lilly and I?" She asked. Walking over to Holly she looked into her eyes but said nothing.

"What can I do to make you like me" Kara thought.

She hugged Holly then let her go before Lilly spoke to her again.

"One, of the younger maids might" She said to Lilly abiut that matter,

"Then begin were alone now after all" Kale said.

"S'Okay." Holly quietly replied as she nodded back. She moved a little closer towards Lilly.

Haley let out a little groan when she heard Kara say that she has to wear something.

"I hope so. She'll do what she says, you know? She's done it before actually." Lilly nodded back.

"Awwww. I suppose that's okay." Haley answered. "I wanted Lilly..."

"I'm still not sure I want to take part." Holly quietly said.

Holly was surprised when Kara randomly hugged her. She let out a gasp and, as soon as Kara let her go, hid behind Lilly.

Lilly was confused when Kara said that a younger maid might have something which Haley would need tonight. She decided not to press the matter.

Holly had just remembered now that she really needed the toilet. All of the craziness from before must have sent it to the back of her mind. She was struck with a bladder spasm and let out a small yelp as she felt some of her warm liquid escape her treasure and land into her panties. Summoning up some courage, she voiced her little need.

"Um, Kara, where are the bathrooms here?" She asked as she fidgeted around.

The ears and tail had now faded from both of the twins. The illusion on the flowerpot also faded.

"Let's go somewhere more private than the dinner hall, shall we?" Marie asked as she placed a hand on Kale's right cheek.

"I just don't wanna have to explain to the maids why a little girl is running around the house nude" Kara pointed out to Lilly she then looked over at Holly who now seemed scared of her again. "You don't have to take part in anything you don't want to" Kara told her. She then heard Holly ask about where the bathrooms were. "Up the stairs 2nd door on the right" Kara said,

She waited for Lilly to take her Holly's hand since she wasn't planning on doing it. Instead she moved over to Haley "I hope we can have fun tonight" She said. Then looked back at Lilly "Hope we all can". Kara started up the stairs with Lilly and the twins behind her two doors later they arrived at the bathrooms. "Feel free to take how much time you need" Kara said.

She waited for everyone else to go into the bathroom which would leave her alone. "I don't, I just don't know" Kara thought.

"We, can go to my study" Kale told her.

"Why?" Haley asked as she tilted her head to the left in a questioning gesture.

"B-but then the teams wouldn't be fair. I don't want to leave Haley all by herself." Holly answered. Kara then informed her where the bathroom was. "O-okay." Holly replied as she tugged on Lilly's dress. Lilly understood what Holly wanted so she held her hand. They were then led up the stairs by Kara.

"Yeah!" Haley replied as she smiled.

"I guess so." Lilly added on.

"Um, okay." Holly quietly said.

They reached the bathroom not a moment too soon. Holly could barely hold it in any longer. She quickly let go of Lilly's hand and pushed the door open. Shen quickly ran inside and bolted the door behind her. She made a mad dash for the toilet, letting out little spurts with every step, and quickly shoved her panties down. She only just made it. As soon as her rear touched the toilet seat her floodgates opened and her warm liquid gushed out of her and clattered against the water in the toilet causing the sound to reverberate around the bathroom.

"She really needed to go." Haley pointlessly stated as the faint muffled sound of Holly's relief could be heard outside the toilet.

"Never done it there before." Marie answered. "Lead the way."

"It, just seems strange" Kara told Haley. She then looked at Holly who said she didn't want to leave Haley alone. "Then what is it that you want?" Kara asked her, 'I understand you don't like fighting but what is it you want?" Kara asked again. She then thought of something. "Forget the whole idea then ok just forget it!" Kara said.

She waited outside the bathroom with Haley. "I'm sorry if I'm sounding like a meanie. But I thought we were all friends it now seems like Holly's afraid of me maybe it'd be better if she went home" Kara subjected. She thought again about this soon saw that Holly and Lilly and exited the bathroom once Holly's need was finished.

"I don't know anymore, I'm sorry for earlier but, I just don't know anymore" Kara told them. She walked over to Haley and hugged her the used a tiny wind magic to lift her up playfully. Then placed her back on the ground the looked at Lilly and Holly. "I wanted this evening to be special but if this is how it's going to turn out maybe it was a bad idea" Kara told them. She walked off door the hall and entered into her room.

Kale led Marie down several hallways.

"I want us to all be together. I don't want us fighting each other, even if we don't mean it. What if we hurt each other without meaning to? I don't want any of us to get hurt." Holly answered.

"But..." Holly wasn't sure how to feel now. Kara had openly dismissed the idea. Holly knew how much Lilly and Haley wanted to take part in this friendly duel and she didn't want to ruin it for them. "But..."

"Quitter!" Haley told Kara. "Holly's not going home! If she goes home then I will too!"

"Sure, she might be sacred of you now but can't you see how she's trying to fight back her fear to not ruin this for us all?" Haley stated. "She wants to be here, despite her fear. She wants to fight it back and actually spend time with us. She wants us all to become friends! If she goes home now then all of her courage would be wasted. It's just not going to happen!" Haley finished. "So, stop being sad and start to enjoy this! She'll get used to it, I can assure you."

"Kara..." Holly quietly said as she saw Kara walk down the hallway.

"Let's go after her. She's just a little upset. She needs us with her." Haley informed the pair.

"Alright. Let's go." Lilly said as she started off after Kara.

After a few seconds, they arrived at her door. Lilly knocked on the door and called out Kara's name.

As Kara laid on her bed she remembered Holly's answer. "Nothing bad will happen it's just a friendly showing" Kara thought, As she thought it over more and remembered what else Haley and the others had said. "Haley I'm sorry I had thought that maybe that's truly what Holly would have wanted maybe I made a mistake" Kara also thought,

She then thought further on what Haley had told her, "But I thought, that we were friends I know I made a mistake of touching her tail and scaring her but, I thought she looked cute and might have enjoyed it like you did" She thought again. Kara went on to think about maybe Holly did want to enjoy this as much as she wanted to do. She really liked Holly and still did Kara wished that Holly wasn't scared of her she could avoid her again. But what good would that do but further damage their friendship.

Hearing a knock at the door Kara got up and opened it, Seeing all three girls standing there she let them enter into her room. "Holly, I'm sorry about earlier I should have asked to touch your tail. I'm also sorry for everything else that has happened as well to all of you I'm sorry" Kara told them.

"Apology flood!" Haley joked. "Don't worry, we understand." Haley smiled back at Kara.

"Kara...please, don't blame yourself. I've always been like that." Holly answered.

"So, once you've finished, shall we get this little sleep-over started?" Lilly asked.

"I wanna play a game first!" Haley called out as she went into Kara's room uninvited.

"Haley! It's rude to enter someone's room without being invited!" Lilly lectured Haley. "I want ghost stories!" Lilly suggested, despite the fact they always scared her.

"I wish, you'd oh never mind" Kara told Holly before Haley went into her room first."Haley listen to your sister" Kara told her. She looked back at the others, "Come in" She told them. Both Holly and Lilly soon entered into the room.

"So, we have a game, ghost stories and Holly what do you want to do?" Kara asked her. Before knowing maybe what sort of game Haley wanted tp do. Using her magic Kara lifted Haley off the ground and started to fly her around the room again just like before.

"I'm not sure if this is the type of game you wanted" Kara told her.

"I'm flying again!" Haley called out in joy. "I don't know, what kind of games do people normally play at sleep-overs?"

"Um, I'd like some talking time. So we can get to know each other better." Holly suggested.

"Ghost stories have got to be good. I want to feel the fear in them!" Lilly said, feeling a little scared already. She didn't want to chicken out of ghost stories as that would probably get Kara to laugh at her.

"I wouldn't know this is my first sleep over party" Kara told Haley.

She listened to Holly and thought about it. "Ok, feel free to ask away anything on your mind?" Kara asked her,

"I'd say ghost stories would be best before we all went to sleep" Kara told Lilly

"How about truth or dare?" Lilly suggested, thinking that was a usual sleep-over game. "I've never played it myself but I've heard other people talk about it."

"Um, I think we should play something before questions are asked. We could maybe do it while we are playing." Holly added in.

"Ghost stories?!" Haley cheerfully asked. "They're awesome! I know some good ones that make you wet your panties!"

"I guess we could try it" Kara told her. "I've never played it myself either I wonder how it goes" Kara added.

She turned over and looked at Holly. "I guess that could work out in the long run" Kara went on to say, Before looking over at Haley who was still flying around the room.

"I-I" Kara said she squirmed around slightly not from needing to pee or anything but just from the other of it. Looking over at her closet Kara told the group. 'Should we get changed into something more sleepoverish?" Kara asked.

"We could always look up the rules." Lilly proposed.

"We should. I wonder what kind of clothes you've got?" Lilly answered. "These heels are killing me." Lilly said as she took off her high heeled shoes.

"Got anything cute?" Holly asked. "Something with kittens or bunnies on?"

"Got anything daring?" Haley questioned. "Anything partially see through would be good." Haley smiled.

"Don't forget, Haley, sleep nappies." Lilly stated.

"Boo." Haley pouted.

Kara listened to what everyone had to say. She walked over to her closet and opened up the double set of doors. To reveal several massive rows of different types of clothes. "Help yourself's to look through and find something you'd like" Kara told the group. She went over to her phone and called on one of the maids. She was on the phone for a little bit. She had also put Haley back on the ground at this point.

A short time later another knock was heard. Kara went over to the door and opened it to reveal a young red-headed maid who was carrying something in a small bag. Blushing the maid handed the bag to Kara and quickly left the room. "I guess we got Haley's little thing for later" She told Lilly.

She placed the bag on a small table near her closet and waited for the others to change.

As soon as the closet doors were opened, Holly ran inside to look at Kara's massive selection of clothes.

"She may have more than you, Lilly!" Holly shouted back to Lilly. "I've never seen so many clothes."

Once Haley had been placed on the floor, she followed after Holly. She spent a little time searching through the different types of clothes and found something she liked.

"Perfect!" She declared. She wasted no time taking her clothes off. She was only left in her underwear, not caring if someone could see her or not. She pulled out want she wanted. She then placed a light blue lacy Baby Doll nightdress on. The material it was made from was nearly fully translucent. Anyone could see the underwear she had on if they looked close enough. She quickly ran out with her scrunched up dress in her hands. She then quickly folded up her outfit and placed it to the side by the doors of the closet.

Holly was a little more dignified in the way she got changed. She found something she really liked and took it to the back of the closet to get changed behind a row of clothes. She took off her outfit and folded it up neatly. She then quickly placed on the sleepwear she wanted and left the closet with her neatly folded up clothes in her arms. She was now wearing a light pink nightshirt with a sleeping family of cats on the front. She was also wearing a matching pair of shorts with a smaller print on.

After the others had finished, Lilly went into the closet as well. She picked out something she'd like to wear and practically copied what Holly did. She walked out of the closet wearing a thin white night shirt with a small blue bow at the bottom of the neckline and a matching pair of white three-quarter-length shorts.

"Remember to put it on before you go sleep." Lilly told Haley, who just rolled her eyes in response.

All three girls went inside the closet and got their clothes and changed into them. Kara went inside moments later looking around she picked out a similar Baby Doll nightdress, Like Haley had picked out but this one was black and frilly but it was made out of silk. She walked out moments later and took her seat back on the bed.

"What can we do now?" She asked.

Then remembered there was still Truth or Dare that was needed to be played.

"We, can play Truth or Dare" Kara asked.

"I know the rules!" Haley cut in. She then explained the rules of the game to them all.

"Do we have a bottle?" Lilly asked.

"I have a d8 somewhere in my dress pocket." Haley answered.

"A d8?" Lilly questioned. She had never heard of one before.

"It's an 8 sided dice. It's normally a diamond shape." Haley stated. "I'l go and get it. We can use that until we get a bottle." Haley said as she got up and pulled out a small diamond shaped piece of white plastic from her dress. "I can't remember where I got it from. Never thought it'd come in handy.

Haley placed the dice in the middle of all the four people.

"Right. We need to decided who goes first." Haley started. "We'll roll the dice and if it lands on 1 or 2 I will go first. If it lands on 3 or 4, Kara will go first. If it lands on 5 or 6, Holly will go first and if it lands on 7 or 8, Lilly will go first. Agreed?" Haley suggested.

No complaints were raised from Lilly or Holly.

"I guess Kara should roll as she's the one who suggested this game." Haley added.

Kara wasn't really sure what was going on and watched Haley. Pull out a d8 from her dress she listened to it all and then took the dice. She rolled it and it landed on a 4. Meaning that she could go first. Looking at the group she handed the dice to Lilly next.

"Holly Truth or Dare?" Kara asked.

She got up from her bed and used the phone again asking for a maid to bring in a empty glass bottle that arrived shortly.

"Eh? Why me?" Holly asked. She then sighed. She knew she should play by the rules. "Truth." Holly reluctantly said.

After she had answered the question posed to her, the glass bottle arrived and Holly spun it. The nose of the bottle pointed to Kara.

"Truth or dare." Holly quietly said.

"What was the worse sort of trouble that you've ever gotten into?" Kara asked her.

The bottle was spun and it landed on her.

"Truth" She said.

"Um, I guess I accidentally stole something when I was a little younger. I placed a pair of sunglasses on my head to check them out when I went shopping once and I forgot to take them off before we walked out of the store. We didn't by anything so we just walked out of the main entrance. When the alarms went off, I knew I'd done something wrong. I was punished quite badly for it, despite the fact I was in floods of tears and apologizing all the time." Holly admitted.

Kara asked for truth.

"Why do you like seeing girls wet themselves?" Holly asked. That was one of the questions she wanted answered the most.

Kara listened to everything that Holly had to say to her. She blushed when Holly asked her, her question. "Um, I think they look cute, I like seeing them desperate and being unable to make it to the toilet. Plus it's a turn on depending on who it is" Kara said while blushing. She reached forward and spun the bottle because no one else had down it yet,

The bottle landed on Haley.

Holly just blushed and the other two followed suite.

The bottle spun and landed on Haley.

"Dare!" She called out.

"I dare you to act like your Mom" Kara told Haley.

Haley the spun the bottle and it landed on Lilly.

"For how long?" Haley asked. "I demand you tell me! No lies!" Haley said in a mock tone of her mother.

The bottle spun and landed on Lilly.

"Dare." She said.

"I dare you to sit there in nothing but your underwear for the next half hour." Haley smiled.

"W-wha?!" Lilly answered blushing a deep red. "O-okay..."

Lilly proceeded to take off her nightclothes and place them on the floor next to her. She was then sitting there in her gold training bra and panties, blushing away. She attempted to cover herself up with her hands but had to move one to spin the bottle.

Lilly spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

"For 15 minutes" Kara told her and she watched as Lilly took off her clothes. Seeing her in just her bra and panties. Caused her face to flush her heartbeat started to beat quicker. She looked at Lilly and blushed, The bottle then spun again and landed on Kara.

"Dare" Kara said.

She spun the bottle and it landed on Holly.

"D-don't stare!" Lilly said as her blush increased in intensity. "It's already embarrassing enough."

Kara asked for a dare.

"I dare you to take off your underwear. You can keep your night clothes on." Lilly said. "That'll make it equally as embarrassing for each of us."

The bottle landed on Holly.

"D-dare..." Holly said as she went along with the rest.

Holly then spun the bottle and it landed on Haley.

"Truth! I want Kara to ask." Haley said.

Haley spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

'I-I can't help it you look cute" Kara admitted blushing even more after saying those words.

Getting up Kara slowly took off her panties as she sat back down on the ground blushing. A small deal of hair could be see above her mound plus her peach's lips were slightly open and wet. She looked over at Holly.

"I dare you to keep your hand in your underwear for five minutes" Kara told her.

She turned and looked at Haley.

"You want me to ask you something?" Kara asked.

Thinking of something Kara decided to ask Haley a question.

"Um, what are your true feelings for me?" Kara asked.

"Truth" She said.

Spinning the bottle it landed on Lilly.

"What?!" Holly asked, shocked. She reluctantly placed a hand just inside her panties. Her hand was mainly on her leg. Her face was red from embarrassment.

"That's easy!" Haley answered. "I like you a lot! I think you're a good friend."

Kara wanted truth.

"When was the last time, if ever, you wet the bed?" Haley asked. "If that can't be answered then I want you to tell me when you last wet yourself in either school or in public." Haley said. "I want all the details."

The bottle now landed on Lilly.

"Truth." She said, still blushing at her half-nakedness.

Lilly then spun the bottle and it landed on Haley.

"Dare." Haley said. "From Holly."

"Me? Why me?" Holly asked. "I dare you to keep your panties on for the next half hour. If you take them off you have to sit naked!" Holly declared.

"Boo." Haley answered. She then spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

Kara blushed further when Haley told her she liked her a lot. Yet her heart beat even faster when Haley wanted to know the last time she had wet herself and wanted details.

"Um, I never wet the bed, but the last time is school was during the meeting with The Headmaster" Kara began. Blushing as she was forced to relive that crappy time Lilly knew about it since she was there.

"I ended up wetting myself during a spanking actually I was really scared. And couldn't hold it in anymore" Kara added. She went on to further tell Haley about it. Yet she was squirming now her flower's lips opened even further and she was breathing slowly. Kara was getting horny.

"Dare" Kara said.

She spun the bottle and it landed on Haley again.

"So, it turns out I'm the only one who wets the bed." Haley said, not caring about admitting it. "That's expected, I guess." She replied to Kara's story.

Kara asked for Dare.

"I dare you to..." Haley started, thinking up something really good. "I dare you to...kiss Lilly on the cheek!" Haley demanded.

"Huh?!" Was all Lilly could reply.

Kara's bottle spin landed on Haley.

"Truth." Haley stated.

Haley spun the bottle and it landed on Holly.

"Truth..." Holly answered. "I want Kara to ask it."

Holly spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

"What?" Kara asked.

She looked over at Lilly and then looked away quickly. She got up slowly and walked over to Lilly leaned down and gave her a small kiss on her right cheek. Before going back and sitting down again.

Sitting down again she brought her hand to her crotch and was lightly pushing against it. Feeling shameful for doing so,

"If you could a new sister to replace either Holly or Lilly who would you want it to be?" Kara asked Haley.

She looked over at Holly.

"Why didn't you like it when I touched your tail?" Kara asked.

"Truth"

She spun the bottle and it landed on Lilly.

Lilly's blush became more redder when Kara kissed her. Her heart started beating faster and her girlhood was feeling a little strange, almost tingly.

"I don't want a new sister." Haley answered. "I like my two." She considered something. "If I could have yet another sister I'd want it to be you." Haley said to Kara. "That way, we could all have loads of fun. All four of us together!" A large smile appeared on Haley's face.

"U-um." Holly answered. "It made me feel all hot and strange. I couldn't move at all." Holly added. "That's why I didn't like it."

Kara asked for truth.

"Did you think we were really, really cute when Haley and I had ears and tails?" She asked.

The bottle spun and it landed on Lilly.

"Truth." Lilly said, going along with the most common choice.

Lilly spun the bottle and it landed on Haley.

"Dare!" She answered.

"I dare you to hug Kara." Lilly ordered.

"Okay." Haley shrugged as she moved over to Kara and gave her a big hug. Once finished, she spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

Kara listened to everything that Haley had to say to her. 'Do, you really mean that?" Kara asked Haley. Feeling her eyes mist up she looked over at Holly and listened to what she said,

"Yes, both of you looked really cute" Kara admitted.

Her peach's tingling was increasing and she moved her legs into a better sitting position which gave Lilly for a few seconds a better. View of her peach she looked into her eyes and blushed before looking away,

"Do, you ever touch yourself in a sexual way?" Kara asked her.

She looked over at Haley and then got a big hug from her. Once finished she walked over and gave Haley an even bigger one of her own.

"Dare" Kara said,

She spun the bottle and it landed on Holly.

"Why wouldn't I?" Haley answered.

Holly blushed and Haley smiled at Kara's answer.

Lilly got a quick flash of what appeared to be Kara's special place. She blushed even more and turned away. Her heart was still beating fast and she felt hot. She thought she saw a few strands of sprouting hair when she caught a quick glimpse at Kara's flower. She thought back to her own, which was still bare.

Kara's truth question surprised Lilly a lot.

"N-no! I don't! I don't I don't I don't!" Lilly quickly answered. She wondered just what Kara had meant by that but she knew it must have been something a little mature for the twins.

"I dare you to sit with your knees up and your legs slightly apart." Haley grinned.

"Truth..." Holly answered.

She spun the bottle and it landed on Lilly.

"Dare." Lilly said.

"I dare you to move your hands to the side and not cover yourself up." Holly said.

Lilly gasped at the sudden change in the normally sweet and innocent Holly. She complied with her demands and placed her hands by her side. Lilly then spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

"I don't know, but that means a lot" Kara told Haley.

She blushed more she really didn't believe Lilly answer one bit. But nearly chocked when she heard Haley's dare. "Bbbbbb,but" Kara stammered. She brought both her knees up and moved her legs apart slightly.

Blushing Kara looked down at the ground she felt really embarrassed. Her wet peach could be clearly seen now by Lilly and Holly and Haley.

"Have you ever wet yourself on purpose?" Kara asked her.

She looked over and saw Lilly moved her hands to her sides.

"dare" Kara said again.

She spun the bottle and it landed on Haley.

Holly averted her eyes from Kara's front. She didn't want to see it. Kara's question was easily answered.

"No. Never." Holly answered.

"I dare you to not go to the bathroom until we go to bed." Lilly said. It was a pretty reasonable dare. She didn't specifically state a time. As soon as Kara wished to go to bed she could go to the toilet.

"Truth!" Haley said.

Haley spun the bottle and it landed on Holly.

"Dare." Holly said.

Running from Lilly's dare, Haley knew what she would say.

"I dare you to not go to the bathroom until we go to bed." Haley quoted Lilly. Holly just groaned in response. She knew it was no good. "I'm thirsty. Can we get some drinks?" Haley asked Kara. "Bring some for all of us, please. I'm sure we'd all like some."

Holly spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

"Ok, I can do that" Kara told Lilly. She looked over at Haley.

"What was the worst time you ever wet yourself and I want details" Kara told Haley. Mirroring the time when Haley had asked her about it earlier.

She then heard Haley ask about some drinks. Getting up she went over to her phone and dailed the maid's number. A few moments later a young maid around Lilly and Kara's age arrived. By knocking on the door. "You can come in" Kara told the maid,

Who entered into the room with a small cold case filled with various drinks. She looked at all the girls and blushed before leaving the case in the open and leaving the room.

"Truth" Kara said.

She spun the bottle and it landed on Lilly.

"I don't really mind about wetting myself. I mean, it's natural, right?" Haley started. "It just means I didn't quite make it to the civil place to let it all out." Haley added on. "Anyway. I guess it was in P.E class last year. I was doing gymnastics and I really needed the bathroom before the class started. It was second period so I had to hurry on from my first to get there and quickly get changed. The toilets were all being used so I decided to ditch the idea of using one. I was just about to do the vaulting horse when I misjudged the jumping distance. I landed flat on it, tender place first. I guess I just kinda lost control after that. I felt my pee soak through my bloomers and onto the horse. Needless to say, the vaulting horse was out after that." Haley admitted.

As soon as the drinks arrived, Lilly and Haley went straight for them.

"What do you think about us?" She asked.

"Dare." Lilly said.

Lilly then spun the bottle and it landed on Haley.

"Truth!" Haley said. "Kara again."

Haley spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

"So, you'd just wet yourself when you want?" Kara asked Haley after listening to everything that Haley had to tell her. Her flowers lips opened even further she was now really turned on from Haley's wetting tale.

"Well I like your shyness and cuteness, I wish you weren't so scared all the time.I like Lilly's friendship and something more. I like how Haley is fun and exciting she's a little sister I wish I could have" Kara admitted.

Kara thought of a dare.

"I dare you kiss me on the lips for five minutes" Kara told Lilly.

"What's the difference between you and Holly?" Kara asked Haley.

"truth'

"I've never done it on purpose before." Haley answered. "Only ever accidental."

"I'm sorry I'm such a coward." Holly answered looking at the ground.

"Something more?" Lilly asked. "What 'more'?"

"Yay!" Haley cried out in joy. "I love you, big sis." Haley added on, playing along with the little sister wish.

"For five whole minutes?! How are we meant to play?" Lilly asked. "Kissing on the lips should only be saved for a lover! I'll do the cheek but not the lips." Lilly added on.

"Well, Lilly's already told you a little about us." Haley answered. "Believe it or not, Holly's my older sister, only by a few minutes. I'm also a blood type O and she's type A. I wet the bed and she doesn't. I've got into trouble at school before whereas Holly hasn't. You want any more about me and Holly?"

Kara asked for truth.

"Do you sleep with stuffed toys like Lilly?" Haley asked.

"Haley!" Lilly quickly cut in. "Don't tell her that!" Lilly blushed.

"Your not a coward, Holly you just need to break out of your shell and that takes time" Kara told her. Kara blushed at this something more but didn't say anymore on it. She looked back at Haley. "Your my special little sis" Kara told Haley and gave her a really big hug, She let Haley go then asked a question.

"Um, Haley could I touch your tail?" Kara asked.

She turned back to Lilly. "How, do you think just kiss me like I did to you remember?" Kara asked.

"When did you both know about your powers?" Kara asked.

She thought about Haley's question. "Yes, I sleep with a stuffed wolf" Kara admitted blushing.

The bottle the spun and landed on Lilly.

"Thanks..." Holly answered with a smile.

"When it's out, sure. But don't do it for too long as it makes me all tingly." Haley replied.

Lilly went along with the dare and kissed Kara on the cheek. Kara's cheek was so soft. Lilly's body felt warm and tingly and her heart was still beating fast. She quickly pulled away and blushed.

"Well, we've had our reading powers from birth, like Lilly's had her mind reading powers." Haley stated. "I guess when we could talk we kind of clicked onto them. If you mean our ears and tails then that was just today."

"Truth." Lilly said.

She spun the bottle and it landed on Haley.

"Truth. Kara again." Haley said.

Haley spun the bottle and it landed on Holly.

"Dare." Holly said.

"I dare you to drink two drinks within thirty minutes." Haley said.

Holly grumbled and pulled out two drinks and started on her first one. She looked at the clock, the time read '8:18pm". She'd have to finish her drinks before 8:48.

Holly spun the bottle and it landed on Kara,

"What kind of tingly?" Kara asked her.

She felt Lilly kiss her warm clear fluids started to run out of her peach and down her leg. She wished that she still was wearing panties. She didn't want Lilly to notice how turned on she was getting from the kissing, She pouted when Lilly pulled away she looked into her eyes.

"When you touched me earlier during dinner how did it make you feel?" Kara asked Lilly.

Kara thought of another question to ask Haley.

"If you could change one thing about Holly, Lilly and me what would it be?' Kara asked.

She went over and took her own drink.

"Dare"

She spun the bottle and it landed on Holly.

"I'm not quit sure. My body just feels all pins and needles." Haley answered. "Like when you've been sitting on your foot for too long and you can't really feel it that well,"

"I guess it made me feel a little hot and my heart beat fast." Lilly answered, trying to dodge around the question.

"Nothing!" Haley smiled back. "I like you all just the way you are."

"I dare you to hug Lilly." Holly stated to Kara.

The bottle pointed to Holly.

"Truth." Holly said.

Holly spun the bottle and it landed on Haley.

"Dare." Haley said.

"I dare you to sit on Kara's lap." Holly stated,

Haley shrugged and did what Holly said. Once on Kara's lap, Haley snuggled against her.

"You're soft." She whispered to Kara.

Haley spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

"So, it's like when your leg falls asleep right?" Kara asked Haley. Must likely it was and she got her answer. She listened to Lilly's answer she wanted to ask something further but stopped herself. Kara walked over to Lilly and gave her a big hug. Then let go she looked down and blushed a little of her juices were now on Lilly's gold panties. Blushing and looking away Kara sat back down,

"What is your worst fear?" Kara asked her.

She felt Haley climb onto her lap snuggling against her Kara wrapped both arms and Haley. She pulled her close and kissed her warmhead gently she then started to pet Haley's head like a cat.

"Um, Haley your making m...." Kara's voice trailed off as a large spurt of her clear fluids shot out of her peach and and coated her legs, Feeling Haley sitting on her was really turning her on. "Haley, Haley" Kara thought in a sexual way she wanted to really touch her peach now.

"T-Truth" Kara stammered.

"C-can I put my clothes back on now?" Lilly asked. "I'm getting kind of cold." It had been about 30 minutes since that dare was said so Haley let her do it. Lilly quickly put her nightclothes back on.

"I'm scared of a lot of things." Holly answered. "But what I'm really scared of are heights. Every time I'm up somewhere high I normally black out right away."

Haley grinned, she knew what had just happened. Kara's opened up the perfect opportunity as well by asking for a truth.

"Do you want to touch me in my special place and make me feel good?" Haley asked.

Kara blushed at this and leaned forward so that only Haley would hear her "Yes, please" Kara asked her, She was still petting Haley's head a little bit of her juices started to soak into Haley's baby doll Kara felt like crying she looked into Haley's eyes. Kara eyes were filled with love a deep longing love for this moment.

The bottle spun and it landed on Lilly.

She knew she could get up and put her own panties back on but didn't. She wanted Haley still on her lap she wanted Haley to touch her to tease her.

"Just this once." Haley whispered back. What harm could it do? She lifted up the front of her baby doll and showed Kara her red panties.

"Truth." Lilly said.

Lilly then spun the bottle and it landed on Holly.

"Truth. From Kara." She said.

Holly spun the bottle and it landed on Haley.

"Truth. From Kara." Haley said.

Haley spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

By now, Holly had already finished one can of drink. She could just feel the slight tinges in her bladder.

Kara saw as Haley pulled her baby doll up and showed her panties. Kara reached with a hand and placed it on Haley's small mound she touched it gently and lovingly pushing her finger's lightly over her peach. She gently push's Haley's panties lightly into her peach, She looked into Haley's eyes and mouthed thank you to her. She lightly rubbed Haley's mound up and down with her fingers.

"What's your worst fear?" Kara asked to Lilly.

She was still blushing and looked at Holly.

"If you could change one thing about me what would it be?" Kara asked to Holly.

She noticed the bottle land on her.

"Truth" She said.

The bottle spun and it landed on Haley again.

"If Holly or Lilly had a major accident meaning a wetting one what would you do? would you comfort them or would you laugh at them?" Kara asked her.

Haley let out a small and quiet giggle.

"That tickles." She whispered to Kara through her giggling. Haley nodded and smiled in response to Kara's mouthed appreciation.

Kara's question for Lilly was what she had expected. Lilly swallowed her apprehension and answered the truth.

"I've never told anyone this before." Lilly started. "My worst fear is thunder and lightening. When I was really little, I was out during a thunderstorm on my way home from pre-school. My Mother's car was in for repairs so I had to walk home with her. A blot of lightening landed behind me and the force of it shot me forwards. I must have fallen unconscious as I don't remember much else after that. The next moment I knew was when I was in hospital. My back hurt a lot and, when I looked in the mirror, I saw a pattern of burn marks on my back which must have been caused from the lightning." Lilly finished. "Here they are." She turned her back to Kara and undone her training bra and pulled up her shirt. On her back, near the top, were some strange markings which looked like a dead tree was tattooed across her shoulder blades. She then done her training bra back up and pulled her shirt down again. "Please don't tell anyone about it." Lilly added.

"Um, I guess I'd like it if you were less...forward and a little more reserved when around me." Holly answered. "Don't take it the wrong way. I just want you to be a little less, what word could I use..., 'clingy'." Holly added on.

Haley thought up a truth question for Kara.

"What are you the most afraid of?" Haley asked. "What scares you the most?"

Haley considered the options given from Kara regarding her truth question.

"Well, I guess I'd do a bit of both." Haley answered. "I'd at first laugh because it would be funny to see Lilly wet herself but after laughing for a short while..." Haley thought a little more. "I'd probably try to comfort them. If I really needed to pee at the time I might just do it in my panties if it would make them happy."

Kara spun the bottle and it landed on Haley.

"Dare."

Haley spun the bottle and it landed on Lilly.

"Dare." Lilly replied.

"I dare you to drink three cans of drink within the next hour." Haley dared Lilly.

"Fine." Lilly answered as she finished off her can.

"That one doesn't count. Three more." Haley pouted. Lilly sighed in response and got another can.

Lilly spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

Kara kept up her light rubbing of Haley's small mound pushing inwards against it. But not making any movements to move her fingers underneath the waist band. She didn't want to scare Haley yet or anything.

"Do, you want me to stop?" Kara asked to Haley.

She turned over to Lilly and listened to what she had to say to her. "I promise I won't mention anything to anyone about that" Kara told her. Kara then looked over at Holly and listened to what she had to say.

"So, I should just act normal around you?" Kara asked,

She tickled Haley's small mound with her fingers and petted her head again. Hoping maybe Haley's cat ears and tail would appear again.

"Well, I fear what people think of me, there as been times when I've tried my best to get people to like me. Yet it didn't work I just made them either dislike me or down right hate me. It's sad really because I want people like me and it scares me when I don't know" Kara told Haley.

Kara thought of what Haley had just said along with a dare for her.

"I dare you to try three sodas in the next 30 mins" Kara mentioned to her.

The bottle spun then landed on Kara again.

"Dare"

She spun the bottle and it landed on Holly.

Haley continued to giggle away quietly as Kara tickled her treasure.

"I'm fine with it but if you keep it up I may pee myself. We also don't want Holly or Lilly knowing this." Haley answered

Lilly nodded and returned to drinking her drinks.

"Yes. That would be good." Holly replied.

The tickling from Kara finally had an effect on Haley. She felt a little bit of her warm fluids leave her panties. She quickly tightened her bladder muscles to stop any more coming out.

"What did I tell you?" Haley quietly laughed at Kara. "I nearly peed myself."

Kara admitted her truth question.

"Well, you know what I think of you." Haley smiled at Kara.

"I'm fine with you, too." Holly replied.

"Like I said before. I want us all to get along." Lilly answered.

"Okay." Haley answered. "I hope the nappy is really strong tonight." Haley joked as she picked up a can of drink and downed it in one go. She let out a little burp. "Excuse me." Haley chuckled out. She then picked up a second can.

"I dare you to relax everything for around 10 seconds." Lilly said. It was a nice dare, nothing too bad, she thought.

The bottle landed on Holly next.

"Dare." Holly said.

Holly spun the bottle and it landed on Lilly.

"Truth. From Kara." Lilly said.

Lilly spun the bottle and it landed on Haley.

"Dare. From Kara. She always has the best ones." Haley said.

Haley spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

Kara kept lightly rubbing Haley's treasure through her panties. Hearing her laugh made her feel happy she listened to what she had to say.

"I wouldn't mind if you peed but I guess it's a good idea if I stop for now" Kara told her. She felt a tiny bit of Haley's fluids leave her panties. She blushed at this and leaned closer to whisper in her ear. "May I do, it again later when were alone?" Kara asked into her ear. She leaned back and pulled Haley closer to her in a hug.

She looked at the others and listened to everything they had to say, When she heard Haley burp she blushed further and relaxed for the ten seconds, Lilly had asked her to do it for just sitting there she felt a large volume of her treasures juices leak out of her. Forming a small pool underneath her body,

"Holly, for the next fifteen minutes I dare you to act like Haley here?" Kara told her.

She looked over at Lilly,

"What sort of panties do you like to wear the must? I'd also like details" asked Kara she blushed after saying this,

Looking back at Haley she thought of a dare for her.

"I dare you, tickle both Holly and Lilly for five minutes each" Kara told her,

"Truth"

She spun the bottle and it landed on Lilly.

"Yes, if you want." Haley answered in a whisper. It was kind of fun after all.

"Huh? Why?" Holly whined. "I don't know what you mean."

Panties question?! Lilly was surprised and couldn't help but blush at Kara's question.

"I-I guess I like cute panties." Lilly answered stammering. "I like the feel of silk so I kind of like silk panties. I guess I like the softness against my...tender spot." Lilly added, her voice trailing off at the end.

"Tickle fight?!" Haley asked with a huge smile. "I'll do it when they least expect it." Haley grinned.

Kara asked for truth.

"What sort of panties do you like to wear? I'd like details as well, please." Haley asked practically quoting Kara.

The bottle landed on Lilly.

"Dare." Lilly asked for.

Lilly spun the bottle and it landed on Holly.

"Truth. From Kara." Holly said.

Holly spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

Kara still held Haley in her arms as she listened to what Lilly had to say, Blushing as she took in every detail of what Lilly said,

"There's no need to be embarrassed we are all girls here" Kara told her.

She listened to what Haley had to say and only smiled at this. "Yes, a tickle fight ok I'll be waiting" Kara told her.

She blushed further as she listened to Haley's question.

"Well, I like frilly ones. I like the way they look on me plus I've always been a fan of striped panties to I like the way they feel against my skin" Kara says.

"Lilly, I dare to sit in just your panties from 10 minutes with your legs spread apart. You can leave you top on" Kara told her.

She looked over at Holly.

"What's the worst time that you've ever had an accident?" Kara asked.

"Um, dare from Holly"

She spun the bottle and it landed on Haley.

"It's just kind of a personal thing..." Lilly replied. "I always see choice of panties as reflecting what a girl is like."

Haley smiled and let out a mischievous chuckle.

More panty things?! Lilly gasped, groaned and then followed Kara's orders.

"I had only just got my clothes back on as well..." Lilly moaned.

Lilly blushed as she had to follow Kara's dare. It's true, they were all girls but it was still really embarrassing.

"I guess it was back in school last year." Holly answered. She fidgeted around on the spot from nervousness. "I was sitting in assembly and I really, really needed to pee but, as I was class representative, I had to give a speech to all the students about what our class had decided to do for our summer festival. You already know how much I'm scared of being with large groups. Talking to them just makes it worse. I was fidgeting in my seat the whole time, I nearly lost it a few times. When I was called up to give my speech halfway through it my already bad need for a toilet got worse and I..." Holly stopped herself for a second as she composed herself. "..I wet myself in front of the whole school while talking."

"I remember that!" Haley called out. "I was pretty funny but I did feel sorry for you as well."

Kara asked for a dare.

"I dare you to drink at least another two liters of drink before bed time." Holly said. She looked over at the clock and it was going on for quarter past nine. Normally, Holly and Haley would have to go be in another three quarters of an hour but this was a special occasion so that rule was as good as void.

The bottle spun and landed on Haley.

"Dare!" She called out without a second thought.

Haley spun the bottle and it landed on Lilly, who was fidgeting a little from more than just the cold.

"Dare." Lilly answered as she moved about a little while sitting down. The drinks were starting to get at her as she had already finished her second can and moving on to her third.

"I dare you to relax your body for fifteen seconds in around 10 minutes." Haley said. She estimated that that was how long it would take for Lilly to really start feeling the effects of her drinks. Haley must have been being influenced by Kara for asking Lilly to do that.

"Huh?!" Lilly answered.

"You heard me." Haley replied,

Lilly spun the bottle and it landed on Holly, who was also moving around.

"Truth." Holly answered. They must have known who she wanted it from by now.

Holly spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

"You do know that it's way past the time I told you to sit on Kara's lap for, Haley?" Holly asked her.

"I know. But I've kind of got really comfortable now. I don't want to move." Haley answered.

Kara took in everything that Lilly had to say about panties she was blushing further. And felt her face go flush while watching as Lilly sat down with her legs spread apart. Showing her small mound and treasure Kara could see the outline through her panties. Her own flowers lips opened wider sending more of her juices flowing onto the floor.

She looked over at Holly and listened to everything she had to say. Kara herself wasn't sure how to respond she had reached over and pressed her fingers against Haley's small mound again. More of her juices flowed out of her flower and she stopped touching Haley.

"I feel really sorry for you, that must have been really bad" Kara told Holly. She then listened to what Holly's dare was. Mentioning for Haley to get off her for now Kara first went over and got her panties and pulled them up her legs again. Next she went over and got some soda and started to drink it. Before going over and sitting down again and mentioning for Haley to come sit on her lap again.

She heard Haley say dare and tried to think of something as she watched the events between. Haley and Lilly her face flushed again as more of her juices flowed into her panties creating a small wet spot on the crotch.

"Haley, I dare you to act completely like Holly for the rest of our game" Kara says.

She saw Holly moving around. "Ok, Holly what is your favorite outfit to wear along with panties?" Kara asked.

The bottle was spun and landed on her. "Truth from Lilly" Kara said.

The bottle was spun and landed on Lilly.

Haley returned the gesture of Kara pressing against her flower by pressing against Kara's flower.

"Poke, poke." Haley said as she poked Kara's lips.

"It was." Holly answered. "They still haven't stopped teasing me for it even after this long."

"Um, okay..." Haley replied as she already got into character.

"I guess I'm like Lilly. I really like cute things." Holly answered. "I like clothes with cute animals on and my panties..." Holly stopped for a second. "..I like my panties to be the same. I kind of like things in a set."

Kara asked for truth. Lilly was a little surprised when Kara wanted it to be from her. She fidgeted around some more. She was starting to find it a little hard to get comfortable now.

"Do you have any..." Lilly paused as she fiddled with the hem of her shirt. "...intimate feelings for any of us." Lilly finished while blushing.

The bottle landed on Lilly now.

"Truth." Lilly answered. It was only fair that, after posing such a question, she'd also open herself up to a grilling like it.

Lilly spun the bottle and it landed on Haley.

"Um, truth." Haley answered, still in character.

Haley spun the bottle and it landed on Holly.

"Dare." Holly said. "From Kara."

Holly spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

Kara felt Haley return the favor by pressing against her own treasure with her fingers. Just feeling the contact with her small fingers was enough to send some of her own juices. To further soak into the crotch of her panties. Kara seemed to return the favor by pressing her own fingers against Haley's small mound.

"Poke, Poke." Kara countered as she poked Haley's lips.

She looked over at Holly, and listened to what she said.

"I would have stood up for you, that just still isn't right" Kara says. She further heard what Holly had to saying blushing even more once Holly was finished. She was about to say something else when she heard what Lilly's question was. This was something new for Kara and wasn't really sure how to respond.

Looking over at Lilly. Kara thought of what to say "I-I-I have really strong feelings for Holly um, I've had a crush on her for a while now, I've been slowly starting to get these same feelings for you as well Lilly" Kara says blushing crimson she looks over at Haley. "I've even started to develop some slight feelings for Haley here as well" She added.

"Ok, then I ask you the same question Lilly that you asked me" Kara asked.

The bottle spun on Haley who asked for truth,

"Do, you think that your sister Holly is jealous of the attention you have been getting since you sat on my lap do, you think she wishes it was her here and not you?" Kara asked.

She looked over at Holly.

"Um, I dare you kiss me on both cheeks" Kara told her.

"Truth, from both Lilly and Holly make it in the form of a two way question" Kara told the pair.

She spun the bottle and it landed on Haley.

The poking from Kara had caused Haley to wet herself a little more. A large spurt escaped her tender treasure to dampen Kara's fingers.

"I'm peeing myself again." Haley chuckled out quietly. "Do you want me to let it all out on your lap?" Haley asked thinking back to Kara's confession of liking girls who wet themselves. "I won't mind. I don't think Lilly will either, she'll likely tell me off for not letting her know that I needed to pee but she'll get over it and try to comfort me." Haley was now moving around on Kara's lap. She waited for Kara's answer regarding her question.

Lilly and Holly blushed and Haley just hugged Kara.

"I love you, too." Haley said.

"I-I didn't think you'll tell us just who." Lilly stammered out.

"Ehhhhh?" Holly said while blushing bright red.

As Lilly had expected, Kara wanted the same out of her.

"I-I guess that I've kind of gotten to l-like you since we've spent so much time together."" Lilly answered as she fidgeted around and played with her shirt again.

Haley smiled, the perfect opportunity to help the two become close again.

"Why, yes. I think she has." Haley answered with a smile. "She'd love to come up here with us and knock me off your lap but she's too chicken to."

"D-don't say that!" Holly retaliated. "I'm not a chicken!"

Haley just answered by making chicken noises. Holly got up from where she was, pushed Haley to the side a little and sat on Kara's lap.

"Told you!" Holly angrily said to Haley. "I'm not a chicken!"

Kara's dare hit Holly hard as well. She knew that if she backed out of it then she'll incite more taunting from Haley. Holly went with the dare and kissed Kara on each cheek.

"Easy." Holly said triumphantly.

Kara asked for a two-way truth question. Just how were they going to pull this off?

"Are you happy being alone here?" Lilly asked. "Are you an only child?"

"Do you get really lonely and want to spend time with someone?" Holly asked. "Would you like to get to know us better?"

Kara spun the bottle and it landed on Haley.

"Truth!" Haley answered.

Haley spun the bottle and it landed on Lilly.

"Dare. From Kara." Lilly said.

Lilly spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

Kara felt a large spurt from Haley's treasure dampen her fingers she felt the wetness. Only blushing as she looked into Haley's eyes she wasn't sure how to respond to her question. "I-I-I" Kara stammered out she had by now stopped touching Haley and was crying on the inside because of it, "Um, not yet how can we be alone?" Kara asked her quietly.

She listened to what everyone said she returned Haley's own hug.

"W-was it a bad thing to do I mean, if it makes everything bad I-I'm sorry" Kara stated.

She felt her eyes tearing up as she wasn't sure on how they'd all now take her true feelings. She placed her head on Haley's shoulder and started to cry softly as she heard Lilly's confession.

"Do, you really mean that?" Kara asked to Lilly.

She then looked over at the twins and listened to their exchange Haley taunted Holly to come over and sit on her lap. Which she did and then kissed Kara on both cheeks. She wanted to put an arm around Holly and pull her close but didn't as it might scare her.

She listened to both sets of questions from both Lilly and Holly.

"I'm an only child, and no I'm not happy being alone often times I wonder what it would be like to have a sister" Kara tells her.

She looks over at Holly.

"Yes, all the time really, I wanna pend time with someone special and important to me. I'd like to get to know you all better if that's ok I know there's somethings I don't know about any of you" Kara stated.

"Um, Haley have you got a crush on someone?" Kara asked.

She looked over at Lilly.

"I dare you, to tell me the last time you felt really embarrassed and had a bad accident" Kara asked.

"Um, truth again but from Haley and Holly" Kara asked.

She spun the bottle and it landed on Holly.

"I think I may do it accidentally anyway." Haley whispered back as she squirmed around some more. "I really, really need to pee but I just don't want to move off your lap."

"Yes. I do." Lilly answered. "Does it bother you?"

"Sister's are not all they're cracked up to be." Haley said. "Holly always causes me no end of trouble." Haley joked.

"I think it's the other way around!" Holly retorted. "You're always causing me trouble!"

"Whatever." Haley rolled her eyes in response.

"Well, I want to spend more time with you, Big Sis!" Haley cheerfully said as she hugged Kara again before moving around some more. she estimated she could last for another five minutes before she started to leak.

"I want to get to know you, too." Lilly answered.

"Same here." Holly added on.

"Not as of yet but..." Haley smiled as she looked towards Kara. "That may change..."

"That's more of a truth." Lilly replied a little shocked. "A-anyway. I guess it was a little while ago..." Lilly thought back to her encounter with the annoying Water User. "...I really needed to pee on a car trip to the countryside. The windows were down and we were passing by a river. The sound of the river didn't really help matters and the next rest stop wasn't until we reached out destination as we were not near any main roads. The roads were so bumpy and uneven that I was being thrown about in the back of the car. I guess, coupled with my need for the toilet and the sound of the river, that's what caused me to...you know...lose control." Lilly half lied, she couldn't tell Kara the truth.

Kara asked for another joint truth from Haley and Holly this time.

"Do you have a boyfriend?" Haley asked.

"Do you..." Holly thought of a question. "Do you...want me to..." Holly couldn't bring herself to say this but she knew she'd have to to act out the dare she was given earlier. "Do you want me to...touch you like Haley did?" Holly quietly asked Kara.

The bottle spun and it landed on Holly.

"Dare." Holly said, hoping to be given some more things to make her seem like less of a coward.

Holly spun the bottle and it landed on the still squirming and slightly pained looking Lilly.

"Dare." She said. "From Kara." Lilly was now, secretly to her, holding herself a little. She made it look like she was just resting her hands over her exposed panties to try and hide them. She looked over at the clock. In another three minutes Lilly would have to carry out Haley's earlier dare to her. She knew it would be bad but she couldn't back out, not now.

Lilly spun the bottle and it landed on Kara.

Kara listened to what Haley had to say to her. Again she wasn't sure how to respond to it first with Holly next to her. "It would be best if you go now to avoid the accident" Kara whispered to her. She then listened to what Lilly had to say.

"Actually no it makes me feel happy" Kara tells her.

She listens to what all three girls had to say and hugged Haley back.

"Me as well" Kara says.

"Well, I couldn't really think of a dare for you" Kara says as she listened to everything Lilly says to her. "I-I wish I could have seen it" Kara stammered out blushing as she tried to picture. Lilly having an accident.

"I've never had a boyfriend before" Kara tells Haley.

She looks over at Holly and blushes more as she listens to her question. "Could you please?" Kara asked Holly in a whisper.

"Ok, Holly I dare you to for the rest of our game show us your panties" Kara tells her.

She looks over at Lilly and notices the way her hands are covering her panties. "I dare you to create a tiny wet spot on your panties" Kara tells Lilly blushing more. Her juices were coating her panties further.

"Triple dare from all three of you"

She spun the bottle and it landed on Haley.

"Boo." Haley pouted. "No fun."

Then, Haley realized a small loop-hole in what Kara had said. Kara just told her to 'go now', she didn't say to go to the toilet. Haley took her chances and let it all out on Kara's lap. Kara should have been a little more specific. Haley was giggling to herself as she felt her warm urine soak out of her panties and pool underneath her on Kara's lap, potentially soaking into Kara's baby doll. Haley had already moved her own out of the way involuntarily by her movements. Haley felt the fluid trickle down her legs and pool around her rear.

"Couldn't hold it any more, sorry." Haley whispered to Kara. Holly was just out of the range of the puddle so it didn't touch her. Haley felt a little naughty and tingly now that she had voluntarily wet herself on someone's lap.

"That's good." Lilly replied quietly as she looked down and smiled. Kara's comment towards Lilly's story caused her to blush. "That would have been super embarrassing."

"Too bad." Haley answered with a slight frown.

"O-okay." Holly answered as she went to poke Kara's girlhood. Holly felt a large wetness there. She quickly pulled her hand back before summoning up the courage to poke it twice. Had Kara just peed? Or was it someone else? Holly was about to ask when the game continued.

"Wha? Really?" Holly asked blushing bright red. Holly folded up the bottom of her nightdress and made it so her panties were visible to all. She blushed even more and was starting to fidget around from the coldness and her ever growing need for relief, which she was denied.

"That's absurd!" Lilly hastily answered. She then remembered that she had to follow the rules of the game so, with great apprehension, she tried to leak a little out. No luck. She tried again. Same result.

"I...can't." Lilly answered. All that had done was made her fidgeting twice as worse. She really wanted to just go to the toilet but she was prevented by a dare. She wished that bed time would come faster otherwise she was sure to wet herself. She had, by now, started to sit with her small mound pressing against the side of her foot while she bobbed back and forth and bounced up and down.

There was about to be a triple dare when...

...Lilly and Holly realized that Haley looked a lot happier and was laughing to herself. From knowing her, Lilly knew that she must have done something really inappropriate or was thinking up something just as inappropriate.

"What are you laughing about?" Lilly asked Haley.

"Nooothing." Haley answered with a smile and a laugh.

Holly let out a small cry.

"Haley's peed herself!" Holly screamed out.

Kara leaned closer to Haley. "When were along you can do whatever you wish ok?" Kara says to Haley. Yet it was right then and there that Kara felt Haley lose control and start to pee herself right then and there. She felt the warm fluids splash on her leg soaking into her panties. Then form a small puddle underneath her this was to much for Kara she started to cry. As she knew what Haley had done she felt embarrassed as. Her own juices squirted into her own panties completely soaking the wet crotch.

Kara used a free hand and was starting to push against Haley's mound again. She looked over at Lilly. "I would have comforted you" Kara says.

She then feels Holly touch her treasure Kara moans softly yet feels sad when Holly stopped touching her between her legs. Yet she watched as Holly pulled up her nightdress and showed her panties to everyone.

Kara was busy watching Lilly. "N-Need some help?" Kara offered hoping that maybe Lilly would say yes. She wasn't sure just what the triple dare would be when she heard Holly scream out that Haley had peed herself.

Her own juices flowed more freely as Kara came a flood of clear fluids shot into her panties adding to Haley's puddle. Kara buried her face into her hands as she cried.

"What?!" Lilly asked surprised. "Haley, is that true?"

Haley shrugged.

"Well, yeah. I really needed to go but, because of a dare, I couldn't, so, I wet myself." Haley stated matter of factly. "I'm sorry, Kara, I really couldn't hold it any more." Haley said as she gave Kara a hug. She whispered something to Kara. "I thought you'd like it. I wasn't expecting you to cry."

"Haley!" Lilly answered. "You and I are going to have a long talk tonight. Now, go and get yourself cleaned up right now!"

Haley did mock sarcastic salute.

"Yes, Ma'am." Haley sarcastically answered as she pushed herself off Kara's lap, ensuring that her right hand pressed against Kara's wet girlhood. Haley then walked to the door and turned back to Kara.

"Where was the bathroom again?" Haley asked as she casually stood in her dripping wet panties and damp baby doll.

Kara was still crying softly she had. Moved her hands away from her face and looked at the other girls. "Haley, I did enjoy it I really did it's just that I wanted it to happen when we were alone together" Kara tells her. She returned the hug and felt as Haley got up off of her. Feeling as Haley's right hand touches her peach a small bit of juices leaked out onto Haley's tiny hand.

"Everyone, I'm sorry it's just that I'm still embarrassed about you guys knowing this" Kara says. She looks at each of the girls "I've been alone most of my life and never really have had true friends let alone ones who know. That I get really turned on when I see girl's really desperate and need to pee" Kara added. As she was saying this more of her juices leaked into her panties.

"I mean Lilly and Holly you both look really cute right now. I just wanna go up to each of you and hold you in my arms. I want to run my fingers across your panties and feel your sweet treasures as your juices flow onto my fingers" Kara confessed to them.

She looks over at Haley who had asked where the bathroom was. "I actually have a bathroom in my room right over there" Kara said. She pointed over to the wall where a small door was located.

"Maybe next time." Haley whispered back before she pushed herself off Kara's lap. She felt her hand become wet when it made contact with Kara's panties. It was more than just the liquid on them from Haley's deliberate accident.

"That's embarrassing." Lilly answered as she blushed some more and fidgeted around. She was finding it really hard to hold her urine in after seeing Haley's 'accident'. "It's not that I find it weird or anything. It's just that...well..." Lilly answered.

"Peeing's a rather private thing." Holly added on the end. "I know that I wouldn't be able to do it in front of anyone on purpose." Holly squirmed around and practically mimicked Lilly's movements. She was also having a really hard time holding it all in.

"Oh, okay." Haley replied as she made her way towards the en suite bathroom. She went inside and didn't bother closing the door behind her. She started to take off her sodden clothes, leaving herself standing naked. She didn't care that the others could see her, they were all girls after all so it wasn't like they were seeing anything new.

Kara listened to everything everyone had to say to her. "It's something that should be kept private right?" Kara asked to Lilly she saw her fidgeting around. This was starting to turn her on again as she felt more of her juices leak out into her panties. She only watched Lilly move around and really wanted to go over there. But was currently afraid to do so. Her right hand moved down to her mound and was pushing against it gently.

She turned her gaze over to Holly. Seeing as she was also fidgeting around Kara's movements against her mound seemed to increase ever so slightly. More juices seemed to leak out into her panties and puddle. "I know, but it's just a beautiful thing to see especially if it's from someone I like" Kara added. She wanted to pull Holly closer to her but didn't.

She looked over at Haley who had went into the bathroom and started to change. She had taken off her wet and sodden clothes and was standing naked in the bathroom. Kara just looked at her a look of longing in her eyes. She gently pushed Holly off her lap and moved her hand away from her crotch. Going into her closet she pulled out a new baby doll. Then went into the bathroom and joined Haley.

"Um, I" Kara stammered.

"Let's bathe together! All four of us!" Haley cut in before Kara could explain herself.

"Huh?! Wha?!" Lilly stammered out in shock.

"You can't be serious!" Holly answered as her face turned bright red.

"Why not? The bath's big enough for all of us!" Haley answered. "Besides, we should all be getting ready for bed soon anyway. It's getting kinda late and I want ghost stories!"

"But still-!" Lilly tried to say.

"We're all girls so what does it matter? Plus, we always bathe together, don't we?" Haley cut Lilly off.

Lilly let out a sigh and considered it. Maybe, just maybe...

Spurt!

Lilly felt a little warm wetness enter her panties. She quickly jammed both hands down there. It appeared that her bladder was reaching its limits.

"Gotta pee! Gotta pee!" Lilly cried out in her mind.

"S-sure. We can do that." Lilly had now answered and took on Haley's offer of a bath. Maybe she could relieve herself beforehand?

Hisss.

A small stream of warm liquid left Lilly's girlhood now. She won't last for much longer.

"Screw the dare! I've gotta pee!" Lilly shouted out as she raced into the bathroom, not caring that Haley and Kara were in there. She ran to the toilet, leaving a small drip trail behind her, pulled down her wet panties, sat on the toilet and...

Hissss...trickle trickle tickle...

Lilly let out a huge sigh of relief.

"I needed that..." She sighed out contentedly.

Kara didn't know what to say when she heard Haley say that they all should bathe together. All she did was blush bright red she felt more of her own pleasure juices leak into her sodden panties. Kara squirmed around on the spot not from needing to pee but because she was really moist between her legs.

"B-But" Kara stammered out.

She looked over at the large walk in shower to her right it was made out white marble. Several shower heads lined each of the walls where water could spray down from every angle.

"I-I don't know, I'm a little scared actually" Kara says.

On the inside Kara couldn't be happier she really wanted to see both Lilly and Holly naked. Even more juices leaked into her panties which. Then started to overflow and leak down her legs again Kara squirmed on the spot. She didn't see Lilly doing the pee dance behind her but saw as she rushed past and quickly sit down on the toilet.

Yet, before when she heard Lilly say she needed to pee Kara flooded her panties. With her pleasure juices clear fluids were leaking out of the crotch of her panties. And were running down her legs making it seem like she herself had wet herself. Looking down Kara gasped in embarrassment.

She quickly took off her sodden panties and baby doll and stepped into the shower. She turned on the warm water letting the spray of water touch her tender skin. She set the water level to the right setting and stood there alone. Her peach's lips were fully open now and Kara felt a strong itch between her legs she wanted to reach and rub herself.

"Let's go!" Haley smiled back to Kara as she headed towards the showers. "Lilly and Holly will join us soon."

"Lilly! You're mean!" Holly whined as she squirmed around back in the main bedroom. "Hurry up, I'm going to wet myself!" Holly cried out as she ran into the toilet after Lilly.

Once Lilly had let out all of her bladder's contents she finally realized just what she had done. Her face turned bright red as she saw Kara and Haley in the bathroom with her.

"S-sorry. I was seriously about to burst." Lilly stammered out. She then wiped herself down and flushed the toilet behind her before washing her hands and undressing. Despite the fact that they were all girls, Lilly still felt really embarrassed as she stood naked in the bathroom by the showers. She fidgeted around from embarrassment as Holly took her place on the toilet. The was a small puddle in the place where Holly was standing. Lilly concluded that, if she had been a little longer, Holly would have completely wet herself.

Haley crept up behind the showering Kara. She held both her hands up before pouncing on Kara and placing them on her small breasts.

"Aww, I was hoping they'd be bigger than Lilly's." Haley said as she fondled Kara's small breasts. "They're about the same size..."

Kara remained standing in the shower letting the water touch her wonderful skin. She didn't see Holly who was squirming around outside in her room. Her gaze was still fixed on Lilly whom was still on the toilet for now anyway. The strong itch between her legs was growing by the second she squirmed around again as she. Really wanted to rub herself between her legs more juices squirted out as she watched Lilly undress and stand outside by the shower door,

She was now watching Holly whom next sat down on the toilet. Blushing Kara didn't know that Haley had crept up behind her until it was to late. She felt a pair of tiny hands grab both her breasts as she felt Haley start to fondle them.

"Ah, Ah," Kara moaned.

Blushing so red her face looked like a tomato Kara felt her juices running down her legs. She parted her legs and reaching down with her hand started to rub herself. Running her fingers over her peaches lips Kara moaned softly.

"H-Haley please, p-p-please" Kara moaned.

She was really starting to enjoy Haley's fondling.

Lilly had finally gathered up the courage to enter the shower. She held a towel over her front which managed to cover up all the embarrassing bits which Lilly didn't want to show. She considered knocking on the shower door before entering but she pushed that thought aside. It's just seem strange.

Lilly opened the shower door and announced that she was coming in. Haley, seeing the opportunity, pounced towards Lilly and did the same movements she was doing to Kara. Lilly let out a startled scream.

"They're about the same size. I was hoping for a little boobie war." Haley pouted. She then dived back onto Kara.

"Haley! Stop it!" Lilly scolded, red faced. "Have some control! We're guests here!"

The sound of a toilet flushing attracted Lilly and Haley's attention. They then heard a tap running and the silhouette of Holly could be seen past the misted glass of the shower. Holly was now undressing and coming in. She entered in the same way as Lilly. The only difference being that Holly was blushing a lot more.

"D-don't stare." Holly quietly said.

Kara pouted as she felt Haley's hands leave her breasts and noticed as Lilly had finally gotten into the shower. Yet she felt Haley's hands again on her body and Kara moaned softly yet again.

"I-I" Kara stammered out.

She felt a large squirt of her pleasure juices leak out of her peach and run down her legs. She really wanted to further touch herself between her legs and she was doing that. Her fingers had entered her body.

Running her fingers over her labia slowly placing her fingers int and out of her body. As Kara saw the naked Holly enter into the shower she felt something else building within her.

"I need to pee" Kara thought with out knowing it she placed a hand on Haley's and brought it down to her peach hoping Haley would rub her down there.

"I-I guess I came in at the wrong time. I'll leave you to it." Lilly blushed bright red and turned as she saw Kara rubbing herself.

"What are you doing, Kara?" Holly asked. "Is it what Lilly does some nights? Have you got an itch down below?"

Lilly blushed even more.

"Holly!" She hissed through gritted teeth. "Don't say that!"

"Oooo. Is Kara feeling a little itchy?" Haley smiled out, she had a rough idea as to what it was. She'd read it off Lilly a few times. "Want me to scratch it?" Haley asked just as Kara's hand was placed on her own and moved down to the tender spot. "I take that as a yes."

Haley started the motions she'd read off Lilly.

"First rub and then insert." She said to herself as she did the movements. "Move in and out a few times and then circle..."

Kara felt as Haley rubbed her hand up and down her tender spot. Pushing Kara's own hand against it she followed what Haley said. She lightly rubbed her peach and then inserted a finger inside herself. It slid into her peach easily enough she moved her finger in and out rapidly and then with her thumb circled the top part of her peach.

She looked over at Lilly. "P-Please stay Lilly" Kara said softly.

She looked then over at Holly and blushed. "I-I'm rubbing myself, I have a bad itch down there" Kara admitted hoping that she wasn't going to be hated by either girl. Kara felt her need to pee increase from Haley's rubbing and a tiny bit of golden fluid started to leak onto Haley's hand.

Inside of her mind Kara began to picture all three girls touching and caressing her body. She pictured both Holly and Haley licking both her small nipples on her breasts with their tongues she then. Pictured Lilly between her legs playing with her peach with her fingers sliding them up and down the length of her peach before slipping inside.

Thinking this Kara blushed the deepest red yet. "Haley" Kara moaned softly.

"It's working better than I expected." Haley said as she felt a warm wetness coat her hand from Kara's girlhood.

"Haley!" Lilly shouted. "Stop it!" She stormed over to Haley and pulled her off Kara.

"Lilly!" Haley groaned. "I was just teaching her what you do!"

"QUIET!" Lilly shouted to Haley. "You and me are really going to have a stern talking later!" Lilly then turned to Kara. "I'm really sorry. Haley's a little misbehaved all the time. I try to keep her in line but, as you know, I was...indisposed at the time she came on to you. Please, forgive my little Half-sister's complete lack of manners." Lilly bowed her head low. She quickly stood back up when the front of her towel fell down and flashed her tiny breasts for a few seconds. Lilly blushed as she pushed the towel closer to her again.

Kara was clearly enjoying what Haley was doing to her as she felt her hands touching her tender spot. Her world seemed to shatter as she felt Haley ebing pulled off of her. As she saw Lilly standing there.

"N-No" Kara answered as she really wanted to feel Haley touch her some more.

Listening to what was said between the pair Kara's legs felt weak and she sat down. On the small step that was located within the shower.

"It's ok, Lilly, I should be the one saying I'm sorry" Kara tells her.She looks back over at Haley a look of longing in her eyes that says. Please touch me again she looks back at Lilly again. And sees the top of her breasts for a few seconds Kara quickly looked away.

"I forgive you" Kara says.

"Now, Haley, apologize to Kara this instant!" Lilly scolded Haley.

"Sorry Kara." Haley answered kind of forced.

"Lilly, what was Haley doing to Kara?" Holly asked as she walked into the showers a little more. Lilly blushed bright red at this.

"Y-You'll find out when you're older." Lilly stammered out.

"Okay." Holly answered.

"Now that we're all in here, let's get showered and ready for bed." Lilly suggested as she stood under one of the showers. She took the towel off herself and placed it to one side while she turned the showers on.

"Mean Lilly." Haley pouted as she walked over to the shower next to Kara and proceeded to shower herself. Under the sound of the running water, Haley leaned in closer to Kara and whispered to her.

"Did you like that? Want me to do it again later?" Haley suggested with a smile.

Still sitting down, Kara listened to both Haley and Lilly.

"It's ok Haley, it's ok" Kara says.

She saw as Lilly blushed and Holly asked her a question, Yet Kara herself so nothing of this yet still felt the need to pee.

"Yeah, we should after all tomorrow is a big day with the battle and all" Kara pointed out. She tried not to look to long at Lilly's who was naked. As Kara got up again and started to shower she noticed Haley had came over to her.

"Yes, could you please?" Kara asked really quietly.

"Alright." Haley replied. "What's our sleeping arrangements? If we're in sleeping bags in your room it'll be a snap for me to get into your bag and do it."

Once Haley had finished scheming with Kara, she put on her innocent act again.

"Don't forget, we've still got ghost stories to go." Haley said over the sounds of the water. "I wanna be too scared to go to the bathroom so they'd better be good!" Haley added with a smile. "Not that I'd need to, though."

"I don't wanna be too scared to go to the bathroom. What if I wet myself?" Holly said as her voice was already shaking a little.

"Then I'd go with you so you wouldn't be alone." Lilly replied. Truth be told, Lilly's most likely be too scared to go to the toilet as well if the stories were that bad.

"Thanks, Lilly." Holly smiled back weakly.

"Um, I was planning on sleeping in my own bed, you could join me if you want" Kara whispered to her.

She listened to what else Haley had to say.

"I've never told ghost stories before, but I have wet myself when watching scary movies before" Kara admitted blushing as she said this.

She looked over at Lilly and Holly. "Some sleeping bags should be in the room for you guys" Kara told them.

As. all four girls were busy in the shower a young maid entered into Kara's room. She had brought three sleeping bags which were needed. By Lilly and the twins along with a small nappy for Haley. It was white and had small kittens upon it. The maid also brought a letter which had the seal of "Evergreen" upon it she placed these at the foot of Kara's bed and left the room.

"Stealth mission!" Haley whispered quietly to Kara. "I can do that. All I've got to do is wait until Holly and Lilly are fast asleep and then I can sneak into your bed. It'd be easier to do if you un tuck the bottom so I can slink in from there."

"Same here. Except I have wet myself from scary stories before as well." Holly replied as she blushed red. "Haley's got the knack for those things. I'm sure she likes seeing me like that. It probably makes her feel better about her own 'problem' with sleeping."

"No it doesn't!" Haley shot back.

The girls continued their shower and Lilly was the first to finish.

"I'll go ahead and wait in the room for you." Lilly said as she walked out of the shower and dried herself off in the bathroom.

Holly and Haley finished shortly after Lilly.

"I'll make sure to do that" Kara told Haley. She then listened to what Holly had to say.

"Then we are kinda alike then?" Kara tells Holly.

Kara soon finished up in the shower and dried herself down. Walking outside with a towel around herself. She walked into the closet and pulled out a black baby doll with white flower like panties. Walking back out she walked over to the bed. Seeing the letter from 'Evergreen' Kara opened it and began to read it.

The letter seemed to say that starting Monday some changes would be coming along. All students would now need to start wearing school uniforms. Something about several new courses starting up was also mentioned these new courses would be teaching magic. Kara smiled at this.

"Seems, like starting on Monday we will need to wear school uniforms to school, and we are going to be taught magic as well" Kara told Lilly.

She read the letter further it told her that she was to be placed in the advanced magical studies course.

Haley winked at Kara as she left the shower to dry herself off. She didn't bother wrapping a towel around herself as she walked back to the closet naked to find some new nightclothes to wear. She picked out a plain pair of yellow panties and a nightdress which was just a little too short for her. If anyone looked closely, they could just about see the crotch of her panties, if she put them on, which she did not. She placed the panties into the pocket at the top of the nightdress. She then left the closet and headed back towards the room.

Lilly was already waiting in her sleeping bag checking once more over her news-feeds before finally bedding down for the night.

Holly had already dried herself off and she was already lying in her sleeping bag.

"Huh?!" Lilly answered startled as she sat upright. "We'll have UNIFORMS?! And MAGIC LESSONS?!" Lilly could barely believe what she was hearing.

Kara sat down on her bed as she read the letter further. She looked over at Lilly who wasn't really sure what to believe.

'That's what the letter says, uniforms and magic lessons, plus something of a magical duel to" Kara tells her. She thought for a moment on what else to say about it.

"It seems that I'm being placed into an advanced magic class starting Monday" Kara added. She handed the letter to Lilly so she could read it.

While still sitting on the bed Kara felt a wave of excitement wash over her. Magic Lessons sounded so cool so did this magical duel as well. She wasn't to big of a fan on having to wear a uniform now.

"Just what's happening to this town?" Lilly asked. "I though empowered ones like us were few and far between. How can anybody get powers like ours without signing the contract?" Lilly thought for a second. "Are they, perhaps, trying to raise an army of empowered ones?"

Kara handed Lilly the letter. It was all there in black and white. Lilly perused the letter.

"D'you think that I'll be placed in lessons like yours?" Lilly asked Kara. "I've probably got one of these at home as well. I'll check tomorrow.

Magic lessons and school uniforms? Things were getting interesting it seemed.

"I wouldn't know, all I know of empowered ones are you, me and some water user I fought back at the hospital" Kara tells her. Watching as she read the letter "but this is amazing I can't wait for Monday" Kara says.

She listened to what else Lilly as to say.

"I'm guess most likely, hey maybe we even have the same class together?" Kara says with joy.

She then thinks about tomorrow.

"The duel tomorrow can be a training match for us for what's to come?" Kara asked.

"What?!" Lilly shouted out. "You fought her, too?!" Lilly gasped and quickly covered her mouth. She shouldn't have said that.

"Hopefully." Lilly replied with a smile.

"Yeah. The fight could work out like that." Lilly considered.

"Cut the talk!" Haley cut in. "I want ghost stories!"

Kara jumped a little as she heard what Lilly said. "Wait, you fought her too?" Kara asked. She got up off the bed and walked to Lilly. Leaning close enough to her she whispered. "We, need to talk about this water user later ok?" Kara asked.

She backed away from Lilly.

"I'm sure you will be this sounds like so much fun" Kara added.

She then heard Haley cut in.

"Ok, then you go first"

"Alright." Lilly answered as she squirmed around from the memories of that fight.

"Okay, I'll start." Haley smiled.

"Once, my car broke down, in the middle of nowhere. i soon walked to a small house, with a sweet old couple who invited me to stay the night, since it was very late. i was hesitant, i mean, youve seen the movies these days! but i went anyway, thinking whats the worst that could happen in there that wouldn't happen in the cold dark woods in the middle of NOWHERE! so i chose the house. after a delicious meal, they showed me a small room in the back, and showed me a bathroom 3 doors down the hall.

They said there are no rules other than not to go in their daughters room, and since they had been so sweet, i agreed. well, i woke that night needing to go to the bathroom, and as i was walking back to my room, i looked in the little girls key hole, just to peek, and i just saw red, i relaxed, they just had repainted the room and didn't want me ruining it, that's all! well the next morning i went downstairs a little guilty, and confessed to peeking, but not actually going it, which i was happy i didn't, they then told me, 'Oh..well, our daughter died about a month ago, she died of a stroke in the front of her brain, it made her eyes turn blood red, then she passed on..' "

Kara took notice of Lilly's squirming around but said nothing of it. She sat down on the bed again and listened to Haley's tale.

While listening Kara began to feel the building effects of needing to pee. She still had not gone yet. The story was starting to scare her as she squirmed around on her bed. Getting up off her bed. Kara pulled back the covers and got under them.

She squirmed around again in fear, she was never really a fan of scary things.

"So, what do you think?" Haley asked. "Pretty good, right?"

Holly just shivered in fright and pulled her sleeping bag closer to Lilly, who was also looking a little worse for wear.

"N-not bad." Lilly said as she tried to hide her fear. "I've heard worse."

Holly just shivered some more. "Lilly, that's just a story, right? Ghosts can't come back, can they?" Holly asked.

"O-of course not!" Lilly answered lying to herself as well. She believed it. "That's so unscientific!"

"Your turn now, Kara." Haley said. "Scare me so I wet my panties!"

"Um, you did really well, and please if you need to pee go now" Kara tells Haley.

Kara tried to think of a story to tell. "I call this story The Grinning Skull" Kara says.

A young lady called Anne Griffith who lived in Burton Agnes Hall, was walking home from a nearby village. As she came close to her house, she was stopped on the road by a pair of men who were begging for money.

The kindly Anne opened her purse to give them some money, but the evil men saw she was wearing a diamond ring. The vicious pair demanded that she hand over her jewelry. The men grabbed the diamond ring off her finger and when she resisted, the evil men beat her savagely with a club and fled.

Anne managed to crawl the distance to the gate way of her home at Burton Agnes Hall where she was found by a servant. She was taken to her family but was so badly injured that she died of her wounds a few hours later. But before she died she made a strange request that shocked her family.

She asked that her head be removed from her body and that is should remain within the house or terrible things would happen. Not wanting to carry out the unusual request, her family buried the poor girl in the nearby church graveyard the following day.

On the night of her funeral when everyone had gone to bed, strange loud wailing noises and banging doors kept every one up all night. These disturbed evenings carried on for three days. Feeling uneasy about the series of events they decided to exhume her body. When the cask was opened they were faced with her bare grinning skull on her otherwise normal body. Her skull was removed and placed within the house and the tormenting evenings stopped.

A few years later when a new family moved into the house a box was found containing Annes skull and a maid threw it into a cart containing rubbish. The horses pulling the cart would not move. Instead, they reared and trembled in fear, the hall shook and pictures fell of the wall until the skull was removed from the cart and replaced inside the house.

When local villagers informed the new owner about the legend of the grinning skull and Annes death, the skull was bricked up in a wall within the house so that it could never be removed.

Although nobody knows the exact location of the skull, legend has it that the skull was buried in the wall behind the picture of Anne on the Main staircase. Every year, on the anniversary of her death, Annes ghost can be seen emerging from the picture, floating down the staircase, through the house and then down a lane behind the house where she disappears.

"D-do you have any pictures like that one here?" Holly asked. "Please don't say that you do."

"Don't be such a baby." Lilly commented firmly. Her shaking body told otherwise. "That can't happen."

"Not bad." Haley said. "Still not scary, though. I'll show you a real story! This one's called 'The Graveyard Wager'."

"A group of young girls were having a slumber party one night and began to exchange ghost stories. One girl claimed that the old man who had been buried earlier that week in the graveyard down the street had been buried alive. She claimed that if you tried, you could hear him still scratching at the lid of his coffin. The other girls called her bluff and told her that she wouldnt do it. They said she was too afraid to go down there to the grave that very night. They continued to challenge her and eventually she gave into the peer pressure and accepted their challenge. Since she was going to go alone, she needed to prove to the others that she actually followed through with the task. She was supposed to take a stake with her and drive it into the ground so the next day the girls would know that she had been to the grave.

She headed off to the grave-site, stake in hand, and never returned. The other girls assumed she had "chickened out" and had just gone home instead.

The next morning as they passed the graveyard they saw her there at the old man's grave. She had accidentally staked her nightshirt to the ground and when she tried to run from the grave, she couldn't... she died of fright right on the grave!"

Kara squirmed around in her bed he need to pee increasing as she then listened to Haley's tale. She began to whimper as she she was starting to feel rather scared. Her poor bladder was swelling and it was rapidly filling up with urine.

"P..Please no more" Kara thought as she reached under her covers and started pressing against her girlhood. Hoping not to have an accident before all three girls.

Kara faked a yawn. Pretending that she was getting sleepy.

"Lilly..." Holly said as tears were starting to form in her eyes. "I've gotta pee. Badly. Come with me, please." Holly was now squirming around a lot.

"F-fine. If you want." Lilly replied while she was squirming around as well.

"Chickens." Haley said. "I was just getting to the good one as well." Haley turned back to Kara. "While they're off being scared, wanna hear 'The China Doll'. It's a really good one." Haley commented with a grin.

Kara looked over at Holly a look of longing in her eyes meaning she wanted to really see Holly pee herself. She watched her squirming and wet her juices flowing again. She then looked at Lilly who was doing so as well.

"Please wet yourselves" Kara thought.

She looked back at Haley, "Um, sure" Kara answered.

Knowing that was the wrong thing to say. Just thinking about it made her need even worse she was trying her best not to squirm around under her covers.

"We'd better go." Lilly quickly cut in before Haley could talk. She really hated China dolls and this story was about them.

"Stay." Haley said. She then looked towards the bathroom door and instilled an illusion of children's laughter into Lilly from the door.

Lilly let out a stifled scream and quickly sat back down.

"On second thoughts, I don't really need to got that badly," Lilly stated.

"Lilly!" Holly groaned as she fidgeted around a lot more.

"Here's 'China Doll'." Haley started.

" A beautiful 8 year old girl, Izzy, got this adorable china doll for her birthday. She called her Sam. One day Izzy was playing with her doll until her mom called her for bed. Izzy put the doll in the basement and went up to bed.

In the middle of the night she heard weird noises. Then she heard "China doll, china doll in the basement, china doll, china doll on the stairs, china doll, china doll in your parents room, now they're dead." Izzy fell back into a troubled sleep.

In the morning she raced to her parents room and they were dead. She cried as her brother planned the funeral. Izzy did not play with Sam that day. She went up to bed early and fell asleep.

In the middle of the night she heard chanting again. China doll, china doll in the basement, china doll, china doll on the stairs, china doll, china doll in your parents room, china doll, china doll in your brothers room now he's dead." Izzy shivered and fell into another troubling sleep.

In the morning she went to her brothers room, he was dead. She spent the day in her room and wouldn't come out. Night fell again and she went to sleep.

She heard the chanting again. "China doll, china doll in the basement, china doll, china doll on the stairs, china doll, china doll in your parents room, china doll, china doll in your brothers room, china doll, china doll in your room." She gazed up to see the doll. "Now you're...dead!"

The police found her the next day with no sign of the murderer. All they heard was chuckling in the distance. The chuckle of a brown haired, brown eyed china doll, on the hunt for her next victims."

Kara listens to Haley as she tells her story. Taking everything in Kara starts to picture it-in her mind she begins to get really scared now and starts squirming around rapidly now. Knowing that if looked upon all three girls would know now that Kara really needed to pee and was really scared.

She trys to think of others things like the battle in the morning. But her mind isn't working that way.

Pressing her fingers against her small mound. Kara quickly pushes back the covers and get's out of bed.

She standing a few feet away from her bed blushing like crazy. Rubbing her hands across her panties. Trying to stop the pee from coming out.

"Oh, Haley I shouldn't have asked for another story" Kara said.

She ran towards the toilets feeling her pee start to leak into her panties.

Lilly was really suffering now. She was too scared to go to the toilet but she really needed to. She couldn't sit still. She was constantly squirming around.

Holy had practically lost it. She was sitting outside of her sleeping bag in a small puddle crying away. Her bladder finally gave out once the story had finished and the puddle grew larger. A hissing sound filled the silence as Holly's warm fluid left her body to soak through her sleeping clothes and into the carpet.

"Lilly..." Holly said through her tears. "Please sleep with me tonight."

Seeing the puddle underneath Holly caused Lilly to move around even more as she pictured the same happening to her. She still had to keep up her image though so she reluctantly agreed for her own benefit as much as Holly's.

"Let's get you cleaned up first." Lilly said. She was about to take Holly to the bathroom when Kara seemingly sprinted out of her bed into the toilets before her. "Wait..!" Lilly called out but it looked like Kara wasn't listening.

"Scaredy Cats." Haley huffed. She herself was trembling as well. She wasn't expecting to scare herself with that last one as well. She removed the illusion on the bathroom as it was starting to scare her as well.

"China Doll, China Doll..." The Illusion was saying to Haley before she switched it off.

Kara nearly made it to the restroom or what she thought was the restroom. She ended up running into a wall smacking hard right into it Kara bounced backwards and fell to the ground. Crying out in pain as she landed on her butt. Which caused her bladder to give way.

Her panties were flooded with yellow urine and she tried desperately to stop the flow. A rather loud hissing sound could be heard coming from Kara's girlhood. She started crying as the pee flowed freely out on her.

"No, No, stop please stop" Kara cried out.

She kept hearing the illusion speaking to her as more and more pee flooded her panties and the floor under her.

"Make it, stop make it stop" Kara begged not knowing that Haley had turned it off.

Another hissing sound. Another loss of control. More pain for Lilly. She could barely hold back her own flow right now as she desperately tried to hold it back with both her hands, one foot and a bend in her body.

Haley's illusion still hadn't quite faded yet and Lilly could just hear the after effects of it.

"China Doll, China Doll, in your room. Now you're DEAD!"

That was it. With a final scream of fear, Lilly lost it as her warm urine flooded out of her girlhood into her panties. She tried in vain to hold back the tide but it didn't work. A large puddle formed on the ground beneath Lilly as she started to sob away.

"Happy, Haley?" She sobbed to Haley. "We've all peed our panties now."

Haley just smiled a weak smile as a puddle formed underneath her as well. The illusion got to her in more than just words. She saw the Doll come for her.

Kara heard more hissing sounds meaning that Lilly and Haley most have also wet themselves. Kara curled up into a ball and cried.

"make it stop please, make it stop" Kara begged,

She felt the last bit of urine flood into her panties flowed by her clear fluids.

"Haley, make it stop" Kara again begged as she heard the voice inside her head.

Her pee had finally stopped but Kara was shaking in fear still.

"Please, make it stop L-Lilly help" Kara cried out.

"I'm not doing anything!" Haley answered. "I stopped it a while ago."

Holly seemed to be the only one unaffected by Haley's powers.

"Stopped what?" She quietly asked. "I don't get it."

Lilly was a little surprised. It seemed like Kara, herself and Haley were all affected by it.

"Didn't you hear the Doll?" Lilly asked. "It was calling right out to us!"

"I saw it." Haley shuddered. "I guess that I just wet myself from the fear of being killed by it. My body acted on its own. I knew it was my own doing." Haley stated. "I guess I pulled the prank a little too far."

"You could say that." Lilly said as she stood up. The left over remains of her warm fluids fell out of her shorts onto the floor. She went over to Kara and put her arms around her.

"It's okay. It was just Haley pranking us. It's all made up." Lilly comforted Kara.

Kara started to calm down a bit as she felt Lilly put her arms around her. "I-I don;t like scary things" Kara told her. As she turned around and buried her head in Lilly's chest looking down she sees the wet spot on Lilly's shorts.

"You looks cute in wet shorts" Kara says quietly so that only Lilly can hear her.

She looks over at Haley one last time.

"Please, don;t do that again promise me Haley please?" Kara asked.

She shifted around enjoying the feeling of Lilly's arms around her.

"Neither do I." Lilly whispered back with a blush which only further intensified when Kara commented on Lilly's wet shorts. "Don't say that." She whispered back.

"Trust me, I won't do that again." Haley replied. "It got to me as well," Haley then looked down at the puddle beneath her. "See?"

"Considering we all wet ourselves like a bunch of little kids, let's get cleaned up again and turn in for the night." Lilly suggested. "Well, at least we all did so we're pretty much in the same boat." Lilly added with a slight laugh.

Kara's own blush intensified as she listened to Lilly. "But it's true" She whispered. Before moving away from Lilly.

She looked down at the puddle under Haley. "Haley, please go get cleaned up and remember to put on the nappy" Kara says.

She get's up and heads back into her closet getting a fresh pair of panties. Ones that are blue with small hearts on them. Walking over to the bathroom Kara goes into it and then takes off her wet panties. Cleans her lower body down with a wet and dry towel. Then puts on her new panties and walks back into the room.

"Please, don't tell anyone about this. I-I couldn't live with the fact of people knowing I had an accident, Though it does remind me of two years ago when my bladder was really weak" Kara said. As she climbed into bed.

"Um, I think the floor may need cleaning up more than me." Haley smiled back as she pulled out the pair of panties in her top pocket. "Good thing I didn't put these on."

Lilly face-palmed and then took the panties off Haley.

"If you aren't going to use these then I will." Lilly stated as she headed towards the bathroom to clean herself up. Once done, she put on the clean panties and went into the closet to pick out another nightdress. She couldn't find a pair of bottoms to fit her and she was too tired to search so she instead picked out a light blue nightdress and put that on. She then went back over to her sleeping bag and climbed into it.

The twins went about the same routine and Lilly made sure that Haley had put the nappy on before she got into the sleeping bag.

"Ditto." Lilly replied. "You tell no one and I'll do the same." The last part of Kara's statement got Lilly interested. "Really?" Lilly asked before she realized that it may be a bit of an uncomfortable topic for Kara to discuss. "Um, you don't have to tell me about it if you don't want to."

Still in bed she watched Haley, "I didn't know you didn't put any on" Kara stated. She got out of bed and went into the bathroom. She got out some cleaning fluid and brought it out before going about cleaning up the mess. Once finished she saw Lilly take the panties from Haley and put them on.

She then watched as Lilly went into the closet and picked out another nightdress. As Lilly came out and after she put away the cleaning fluid she went to Lilly leaning down next to her.

"I won't say anything" She told her.

Kara then listened to what else Lilly had to say. "Um, yes" Kara added.

She shifted around as memories of her time in boarding school. Resurfaced in her mind "I'll tell you when we are alone, but it was a tuff time for me, I always had accidents and wet my panties, sometimes I was even given a diuretic a drug designed to make the body produce urine faster." Kara told her in a whisper. She thought of one last thing to tell Lilly.

"There's something else about it to" Kara added in another whisper before moving away and crawling back into bed.

"I'll give you my number in the morning and we can text it to each other." Lilly suggested in a whisper. "That way, Holly and Haley won't be able to hear or see it."

Lilly then made sure that the twins were all ready.

"Alright. Time to sleep now." Lilly said to the twins. "Goodnight, everyone." Lilly then closed her eyes and lay in her sleeping bag. Holly moved her bag closer to Lilly and then placed her small arm over Lilly before closing her eyes. Haley edged her bag closer to Kara's bed.

Kara listened to what Lilly had to say and smiled."Ok, and thank you" Kara told her in a whisper. She laid down in her bed and started to fall asleep. She had not noticed Haley had moved her bag closer to her bed.

"Good night everyone" Kara called out.

As she soon fell a sleep afterwards it had only been a few hours into her sleep. When Kara began to dream a cold sweat began to form on her forehead.

In her dream Kara saw herself standing in the middle, of a large town square three bodies. Those of females laid upon the ground in pools of blood. Kara herself was also covered in blood her battle outfit was smeared with the stuff on it. Red blood covered parts of her face when looking closer at Kara she had a cold emotionless look upon her face.

Back in reality Kara was squirming around in her bed. As this memory seemed frozen in her mind she tried to wake herself up. But nothing she did would help Kara kept seeing this memory over and over again she began to mumble in her sleep.

'I-I didn't mean to kill them, I didn't mean to" Kara said softly.

Her squirming was getting worse. She kept reliving this same memory over and over again.

"I-I, didn't mean to kill them, I didn't mean to" Kara was saying.

No matter how hard she tried, Lilly just couldn't get to sleep. She was practically hiding under her sleeping bag as the stories from earlier still flew around in her mind. She tried to block them out but she just couldn't. Holly was already fast asleep by Lilly's side. Lilly turned over and hugged Holly back. Maybe this would help her sleep? Or maybe she was just missing her white tiger plushie?

Haley, thinking that all but Kara were asleep, quietly left her sleeping bag and crawled under the covers of Kara's bed. She crawled up to the top and pocked her head out.

"Psst, Kara. It's me. Are you ready for it?" Haley whispered to Kara, who seemed to be mumbling something back. "Huh?" Haley asked as she moved in closer.

Kara didn't know that Haley had crawled under the covers of her bed. Her covers at this point had been pulled off her and she was still squirming around in bed. A terrible cold sweat covered her head. It also appeared that Kara was crying in her sleep.

"I-I didn't mean to, they forced me to kill them, they were the others who killed my mommy" Kara said aloud to Haley.

She didn't hear Haley ask her question but rolled over and reached out with her hands. Taking hold of Haley she pulled her closer to her. Thinking it was her mom.

"Mommy, Mommy where are you?" Kara whimpered out she held Haley tightly in her arms. As a memory if her mind came to be. Kara now found herself in a small room upon a bed lay a women who appeared to be her mom terrible cuts covered her body as a pool of blood covered the floor and bed.

Kara rushed over to her mom in her dream and tried shaking her awake.

"Mommy, Mommy please wake up" Kara mumbled through a wave of tears. She started to shake Haley in her sleep.

Kara pictured herself shaking her mom as blood started to cover her hands and clothes. "Mommy, it's me Kara please wake up" Kara begged.

Kara must have been dreaming about something terrible as she was crying. Haley wondered just what was wrong with Kara.

"Hey, Kara. Wake up!" Haley said as she was shook. "Stop it. I'm not your Mother!"

It didn't seem like Kara was listening. Haley wondered just what Kara meant when she said 'killed them'. Was Kara a murderer?!

Wanting to know the truth, Haley wished she could see what was going on inside Kara's head. Haley could feel her ears and tail form on her as she willed to enter Kara's dream. Haley's body seemed to grow tired and she closed her eyes after placing an arm around Kara.

Haley awoke in a strange dark room filled with doors. The doors numbered to a total of four. Two doors were lit up and the other two were dark. She could sense the presence of Holly behind one of the lit up doors. She now wondered if Lilly was actually asleep or not. Haley went over to the other door and sensed Kara's presence behind it. She tried to open the door to access Kara's dream.

Will it let her in?

Kara didn't hear Haley tell her to wake up. She was still shaking her thinking it was her mom. Again she pictured herself in the small room shaking her mom to try and awaken her. But wasn't having any affect. Her memories also shifted back to the town square where she saw herself bathed in blood.

That cold emotionless look on her face. Kara cried again in her dream.

"No, I don't want to see this anymore. I didn't mean to kill them, but they killed my mom" Kara cried out in her sleep. She let go of Haley and started tossing and turning in her bed.

Inside her mind the door that Haley was trying to access began to open. Letting her inside of Kara's mind.

At one point many images of Kara flashed through her mind all of them showed her bathed in the blood of her mom and enemies. That same look upon her face could be seen Kara screamed out in fear.

The door opened in front of Haley and she was pulled into Kara's dream. At first, she was nothing more than a spectator, a silent observer of what was happening. Her nightclothes changed once she willed herself to be a more apparent presence in the dream.

Haley's cat ears became more visible and so did her tail. Her long blonde hair was tied neatly in two buns on her head by a length of gold braid. Her nightclothes had changed to a red and gold silken china dress. On the dress, emblazoned in gold thread, was a effigy of a tiger. The tiger's body filled the whole left hand side of the dress and its tail curled around to the back. The edges of the dress were made from gold thread.

The dress itself wasn't that long at all, it only just covered what it needed to, leaving Haley's legs bare and, if she turned to quickly, the dress would likely fly up and reveal her panties, if she was wearing any, which she was not. The outfit didn't seem to come with a pair of panties, not that Haley minded. Haley's outfit had no socks. On her feet she wore a pair of red buckled shoes. Around Haley's neck was a small cat bell on a red length of silk. It rang with every movement Haley made, creating small chiming noises. Around Haley's wrists were some more cat bells in the same style as the one on her neck.

Haley looked at the sudden change which came over her.

"Cute outfit!" Haley said to herself in a happy tone.

Haley looked around the room she was in. She looked at the solitary bed in the middle of the room. On the bed, she saw a body of a woman and a girl, who looked strikingly like Kara, shaking the body.

"Kara?" Haley asked in surprise.

The Kara inside of her dream was still shaking her mom trying to get her to wake up. Blood splashed upon her body. Covering it she just kept on shaking her mom trying to wake her up. As she heard a familiar voice from behind her she turned around and saw Haley. Standing there not knowing what to do Kara went back to shaking her mom.

"Mom, wake up please it's me Kara" She cried out. As the image of the room and her shattered to pieces now Kara found herself back in the town square her dream self was no longer there yet. She was now inside the body of herself standing among the dead bodies. If one looked closely Kara's clothes had changed.

Kara wears purple beret hat with a black feather attached on the left hand side with the tip of the feather pointing backwards atop her head. On her shoulders are black feather spaulders with an emerald on each spaulder in the dead centre of each one. A black cape made from velvet with a purple interior. The cape is a full length one reaching the base of the rear and stopping just above her legs. The cape's lined with sliver silk and accented with a silver silken hem. On the back of the cape, in the middle of it, a symbol of a raven about to snatch up its prey is made up of silver silken thread and embellished beneath it in the same thread is the Ravenclaw family gem stone which is a blue calcite. Black angel-like wings are located in the small of the back between each shoulder blade.

A purple and white leotard with a small feathered base in a manner of reflecting that of a raven's down. The sides of the leotard are white. The front of the leotard is not covered up by the feathery down, just the back and sides are.Kara wears black half gauntlets inscribed with the same image as the back if the cape. Detached sleeves, with the same coloring and style as the leotard. Are near both of Kara's shoulders. Upon each hand are black finger-less gloves with purple hem. With a raven feather pattern before the fingers.

On both of Kara's legs are purple knee-high socks, The tops of the socks, where the knees are, has the same raven feather pattern as the rest of the outfit. On her feet are two purple mid-thigh high boots with black feathered wings on the ankles stretching back in the style of most winged boots. Wings will be held to the ankles with a golden button inscribed with the raven logo.

Blood seemed to cover much of Kara's outfit. As she turned away from the bodies she looked over at Haley. "I-I didn't mean to do it, I didn't" Kara cried to Haley.

"Kara, what are you going on about?" Haley asked as she tilted her head to the side. She looked around the room, which soon changed to a town square. "Just what is all of this?"

Haley moved closer to Kara, her bells ringing with every step. She felt the chill in the air, the chill of death.

"Bit breezy." Haley said as she shivered a little. She then hugged her body to try and warm herself up. "Did you do all of this?" Haley asked as she looked at the bodies on the floor.

Kara listened to just what Haley had to say.

"These are memories of my past of a time I wished to forget" Kara tells her.

She hears the ringing of the bells and walks over to Haley.

"I did all this as a means of revenge, the bodies you see are empowered ones like ours. I killed them all in cold blood to avenge my mom's death" Kara added.

She keeled down on the ground and wrapped her arms around Haley in a hug.

"I tried to forget these memories, but often times I dream about them could we go somewhere private?" Kara asked.

Haley just stared in a mixture of fear and awe.

"I..." Haley started. "I never thought that you had something like this hidden away. It must have been horrible to lose your Mother."

Haley then heard Kara's request. She held on to Kara's head with her hands and spoke to her.

"Imagine your most favorite place or a memory you really like." Haley told Kara. Haley had a feeling that if she did what she has done and Kara goes along with her part then she could change the dream to a better one. "Keep that strong in your mind."

"Please tell, no one about this?" Kara asked. As she didn't want Holly or Lilly to know about this just yet.

She listened as Haley told her to go to her most favourite place. Kara started to think and an images began to form in her mind.

A small classroom appeared within her mind. There was empty desks all around the pair yet one of the desks a young girl sat. She was dressed in a black and blue coat with a small blue bow around the neck area. The coat has blue sleeves with black buckles around the arms. With small silvers jewels in the middle. A black and silver belt buckle is around her waist which is attach to a black and blue pleated skirt. Under the skirt girl wears a pair of black silk panties followed by two pairs of thigh-high black and blue boots.

As Kara looks upon the girl. she sees that her skirt is up around her waist and she's really squirming around in her chair rubbing away at herself between her legs.

"I-I need to pee badly" The girl says.

Haley's magic took effect and they arrived in Kara's favourite place.

"Why a classroom?" Haley asked as she looked around. She then saw the girl squirming around talking about how badly she needed to relieve herself. "Now I know." Haley said with a smirk. "You saucy minx, you." Haley grinned to Kara.

Haley thought something up. She knew she'd do this sort of thing anyway while she slept so it would make no difference if she did it in the dreamworld or not.

"Wanna see me pee, too?" She asked Kara. "I'm gonna wet the bed in reality and I'm wearing a nappy there so I can do it here if you want,"

Kara blushed as she watched the girl rubbing herself between her legs. "T-This is a special fantasy of mine" Kara replied. She blushed further when Haley now knew about it.

She watched the girl rubbing her girlhood through her panties and Kara felt her juices start to flow into her leotard.

"C-Could I but could you touch me to like before?" Kara asked.

The blood that was one her had left and her outfit returned to normal. Though she was still dressed in her battle outfit. Looking at the girl squirming around more juices flowed into her crotch area. As the girl in the chair was rubbing herself it began to take to reveal who it was. It appeared to be Lilly was the one Kara thought about. As she had only thought about it recently while in the shower.

"So, you've got a thing for Lilly, huh?" Haley asked as she turned and saw the girl in the chair become more defined.

Haley considered what Kara had suggested.

"I could do that but I want your full attention on me when I pee." Haley said. She imagined in her head that she had a really bad urge to urinate and that she was barely holding it back. This soon became a reality and Haley started to move around a lot and bounce up and down.

"Okay, I'm ready." Haley said as she lifted up the front of her China Dress to reveal her bare girlhood A few seconds later a stream of yellow liquid left her girlhood to pool on the floor under her with a pitter patter sound. "You watching?" Haley asked as a smile appeared on her face.

Blushing even more at what Haley, said she felt more of her jucies start to soak her leotard.

"Y-yes, I really do" Kara said as she watched Lilly slip both hands into her panties and rub herself. She looked over at Haley giving her the full attention she wanted. Kara started to breath slowly.

Watching as Haley boucned around. She pulled up her China Dress and Kara saw Haley's girlhood for the first time. Reaching down she started to rub herself between her legs. She smiled when Haley released a strean of yellow liquid from her girlhood. It pooled on the floor under her.

"Y-yes, I am" Kara says.

She was busy really rubbing herself as she watched Haley pee.

"Good, 'cause I'm only doing this the once. I don't think the nappy could hold any more as it still has to take the usual amount I make while sleeping." Haley said as her stream trickled away. She noticed Kara rubbing herself again. "Hey, you said I could do that!" Haley groaned as she kept urinating. After a short while, the stream died down to a few drips. There was now a huge puddle on the floor beneath Haley. "Like it?" She asked.

Haley then pulled up the back of her dress and sat in her puddle.

"If you join me here I'll rub you." Haley teased. "I want you to sit in my puddle. Would that make you feel even better? sitting in my still warm puddle?" Haley asked as she reheated the puddle to the temperature it was at when it left her body.

Kara kept rubbing herself as she watched Haley pee. 'You can do it" Kara added. She looked away for a moment at Lilly who had her hands buried in her panties she was crying now. Begging to pee but no one was listening to her, Kara looked back at Haley.

"Yes, Yes really I like girl's wetting themselves I like seeing their panties to especially on windy days" Kara told Haley.

She quickly went over to Haley and sat down in the puddle. "P-Please rub me, please" Kara begged she reached out and took Haley's hand placing it on wet crotch area. "I.. I.. always have liked this I really like girls and have so, for the past year" Kara admitted.

Haley chuckled as she reached towards Kara's wet crotch.

"Lilly also likes girls better than boys. She always says that boys don't really understand girls well and that they're a loathsome gender." Haley said as she copied the movements from earlier. "You do know that, if you gush in the dream, you'll also gush in reality? Like as I've peed in this dream I've also wet myself in reality."

Haley recited her earlier movements with more vigor.

"So, it seems like my powers can create and alter any illusion. I'm an illusionist." Haley smiled. "I've always liked illusionist at circus' since I was really young when a kind illusionist let me in on her tricks and taught me a little about them." Haley took a deep breath and blew a little on Kara's wet crotch. " 'Dreams are illusions of sorts.' That's what she told me. 'Once you know you are in a dream, you can change it as much as you want.' I've always tried to change my dreams to what I want them to be and now I have the power to." Haley continued. "The dream world and the real world are connected in more ways than one." Haley said.

Kara listened to everything that Haley, had to say to her. "She really does?" Kara asked, As she was enjoying the movements that Haley was doing to her peach. "I-I didn't know that" Kara says. As her clear fluids begin to leak out onto Haley's hand.

Kara started to moan loudly. As back in reality her fluids started to leak into her panties.

"Your an illusionist then that sounds so, cool" Kara, says. As she moans louder when Haley blew on her wet crotch.

"So, if you want you could change this as well?" Kara asked through a moan. More of her fluids liked into her leotard forming a large wet spot on the crotch band. "Do, you tease Holly and Lilly with these powers by making them think they need to pee or blowing up their skirts in images?" Kara asked her.

*008*2014-06-13 00:41

Another new chapter right here.

Chapter 6: A Morning Battle

"Only if you let me." Haley replied. "I could only come into this dream now 'cause you let me in."

Haley's hand was getting wet from Kara's fluids. She started to move her forefinger around in light circles over Kara's peach.

"I did a little earlier to Lilly but that turned out worse than I thought." Haley answered. "It's what caused us all to pee ourselves. I made the sounds of the story I told you real to Lilly." Haley thought a little. "The only person who seemed to be unaffected by my meddling was Holly. I don't know why but I think she can see through my illusions." Haley added.

Kara listened to what Haley had to say to her.

"Then feel free to do so when you want. I'm not sure how long I can keep it up" Kara told her.

She moans as Haley's forefinger moved around in circles over her peach.

"Could, you maybe one day do it on Lilly again to make her think she really needs to pee?" Kara asked as she reached over and ran her fingers over Haley's peach. Doing the same movements she was doing.

Back in the real world Kara's panties wet flooded with her juices.

"I'll need to be with you as my magic can only affect those within my line of sight." Haley clarified.

"Only when she's asleep and if she lets me into her dreams." Haley said. "If she does, I can make her pee herself in her dream and that'll make her wet the bed in reality. I just need to make sure that my presence in the dream goes undetected as I don't want Lilly to fight the illusion." Haley explained. "I can't directly affect a person in reality but I can make them see or hear things which may make them really need to pee."

Haley just giggled at Kara's stimulation. Due to her yet to develop body, Haley was just tickled by the stimulation.

"If you keep that up I'm gonna pee again." Haley giggled out.

Back in the real world, Lilly was squirming around in her sleeping bag. She couldn't sleep and she really needed the toilet yet she was too scared to go alone and she didn't want to wake anyone else up.

"What am I going to do? I really need to pee but I'm too scared to go." Lilly asked herself. She then remembered the nappy which a maid brought up with the canister of drinks. Could she really do that? Nope! No way! Unless...?

"Well you are with me now could we try it?" Kara asked.

She listened fully to what Haley had to say to her. "But she's asleep now, does Lilly have anything that makes her really need to go?" Kara asked hoping to see Lilly wet herself. She further listened to Haley. "I could use my magic to make an illusion of where she won't know it's us" Kara added.

She kept up her stimulation of Haley's peach blushing at what Haley said.

"Then, I hope to see you pee again" Kara giggled as she leaned forward and kissed Haley.

"What do you want changed?" Haley asked. "I'd have to stop what I'm doing and touch your head again to swap it, though. But maybe you could do it yourself as you know that you're dreaming. Just imagine what you want changing and repeat it over and over again in your head until it changes."

Haley thought back to the dream doors.

"I only saw two doors lit up, that was yours and Holly's, but that was a little while ago. Maybe she's asleep now?" Haley asked herself as much as Kara.

Haley considered Kara's question.

"I guess running water does that. Couldn't you see how much she was fidgeting back in the dining hall with the fountain going?" Haley asked with a laugh.

Haley could feel a fresh bout of warm urine surging through her body towards her urethra.

"I'm gonna pee again." Haley told Kara as another yellow river flowed out of Haley. "I guess this is my usual bedwetting." Haley said with a shrug. She didn't feel the need beforehand so that must be the explanation.

Sod etiquette. This was no time for that. If she didn't do this then she'd make an even bigger fool of herself. She quietly got out of her sleeping bag, trying not to wake Holly and headed over to the table with the nappy on. She walked really slowly as she could barely move because of her desperate need for relief. Once she got over to the nappy, she took off her panties and put it on.

"I can't believe I'm doing this..." Lilly said to herself. She tried to relax her bladder but it just wouldn't go. "Come on..." She said to herself.

No dice. Not yet, anyway.

"Can we put her first in the outfit from my dream and into a classroom where she's bursting to go but can't be allowed to leave?" Kara admitted as a wave of juices leaked out of her peach covering Haley's hand. She listened to what Haley had to say to her,

"I want to see Lilly, wet herself in a classroom wearing the clothes from my dream" Kara started to repeat this over and over. As she saw Haley bring up the dream doors.She saw a set of two doors.

"I don;t want Holly wetting herself not yet at all" Kara says, she blushed again when she heard Haley mentioned the dinning room time,

"She looked really cute then" Kara admitted she began to use her magic to create an illusion of the pair of them not being seen. She also tried to create the image of a classroom where Lilly maybe in.

She felt as Haley wet herself again. She seemed to rub Haley harder and harder meaning she wanted Haley to wet herself again.

They returned to the Dream Doors. Only two were lit up, these were Kara's and Holly's.

"Lilly's still not asleep." Haley said. "Maybe the stories scared her too much?"

Haley thought of something worth trying.

"Let's see, will this work?" Haley said as she called the pair of of the Dream Doors into reality. They were now standing by the side of Kara's bed. Haley looked over to the bed and saw both Kara's sleeping body and her own. She had the cat ears and tail. "It worked!" Haley called out as she looked at herself and Kara's forms, they looked like ghosts.

"I've weakened the barrier between the dream world and the real world. We're asleep in reality but our consciousnesses are right her." Haley explained as she indicated herself and Kara's ghost bodies. "We can't affect the real world in any way but we can watch what is going on."

Haley looked around the room and saw Lilly by the table.

"What's she doing there?" Haley asked herself as much as Kara. She edged closer to Lilly and listened in to what she was saying. She seemed to be wearing a nappy? Was Haley just seeing things?

Lilly tried once more to let her fluids out but they just wouldn't come.

"I can't pee when I want to and I always need to pee when I don't want to!" Lilly groaned to herself. She turned around to go back to her sleeping bag when she heard a crinkling noise and felt a warm wetness in her privates.

"I'm peeing myself?!" Lilly quietly exclaimed. "Better doing it in a nappy than in panties, I suppose." Lilly told herself as she relaxed her bladder fully. The crinkling got louder and a hissing sound could now be heard.

"Lilly's peeing herself!" Dream Haley shouted, she turned to Dream Kara. "Look! Lilly's peeing herself in nappy! I'm so not gonna let her live this down!"

"I wonder why that is maybe your right?" Kara said as she listened to Haley speak.

She saw them appear near her bed looking over she spotted the cat ears and tail on Haley. Looking closely at herself she noticed her panties were soaking wet. "So, now what can we do?" Kara asked. She listened further to what Haley had to say.

"Okay, yet what can Lilly be doing?" Kara asked as she watched Lilly. She heard Haley mention that Lilly was wearing a nappy. She followed after Haley. Watching as Lilly went back to her sleeping bag.

She heard the crinkling sound she watched clearly as Lilly peed herself before her and Haley. In reality Kara's juices soaked her already wet panties totally wetting the bed under her body.

"C-Come on Lilly wet yourself for me flood that nappy think of me when your peeing think of me" Kara said. As her dream self floated her leotard with juices.

"Saving to neural memory bank for later use in illusion. EVIDENCE!" Dream Haley smiled to herself. "She won't be able to resist doing what I want her to do now."

Lilly felt, while emptying her bladder full force into the nappy, a warm wetness trickle down her legs.

"Oh no! It can't hold any more!" Lilly cried out quietly as she tried to stem the flow. "Well, it was a child's nappy after all so what was I thinking?!"

The flow wouldn't stop. Lilly's tired bladder had already had enough and it just wanted to let it out. Lilly, not thinking, ran into the bathroom and switched the light on. She then headed into the shower and stood over a drain while the nappy overflowed.

In Dream Haley's mind, she saw Holly's dream door flicker out as the girl stirred in her sleeping bag. Holly sat up and rubbed her eyes.

"Toilet..." She mumbled to herself as she got out of the bag and headed for the already illuminated bathroom.

Dream Haley's body flickered as the illusionary link between the real world and dream world was slowly being broken as her real body was starting to wake up from the light stimulation.

"Head's up, Kara," Dream Haley said to Dream Kara. "We're about to be booted back to reality." Dream Haley finished before her spectral body blinked out like a light. Real Haley was starting to wake up as well.

More and more of her juices flooded her leotard as Kara watched Lilly. Wet herself she was blushing like mad she really wanted to go over and run her fingers along Lilly's peach between her legs. But knew that she couldn't because she was in a dream still.

"S-She looks so, beautiful" Kara explained as she heard everything. Lilly said but when Lilly ran into the bathroom Kara cried out.

"N-No, don't go!" Kara yelled.

As she listened to what Haley said. She began to notice Holly was stirring looking back. At Haley she smiled at her "Thank you" Kara says. She felt her own spectral body blink out. As she entered back into the real world.

HISSS, HISSSSS, HISSSSSS

A rather mall sound could be heard at first it started to grow louder. As warm yellow fluids started to pour out of Kara's peach flooding her panties with pee. She was wetting the bed.

"Warm..." Haley murmured while she wok up slowly. She sat up in bed and rubbed her eyes. She looked down at the bed as the warm wetness started to turn cold. She heard the hissing sound coming from Kara. She rolled over and shook Kara gently. "Kara...wake up. You're peeing." Haley said to Kara while she was still half asleep.

Holly entered the bathroom and went over to the toilet. She was still lagged from sleep so she hadn't noticed Lilly yet. Holly pulled down her panties, or so she thought, and sat on the toilet. In truth, she had only pulled down the waistband of her nightclothes. Her panties were still on. Not knowing this, Holly started to relieve her bladder.

Lilly gasped when she saw Holly enter. She tried to hide behind the frosted glass but if she did she'd no longer be over the drain so her overflowing nappy would flow onto the floor quite noisily.

"Please don't see me, please don't see me." Lilly quietly said to herself as she empted the remainder of her bladder's contents into the nappy. "I knew this was a bad idea." Lilly groaned to herself.

Feeling herself, being shaken gently Kara slowly started to open her eyes. "Hmmm" Kara said softly as more warm fluids leaked out of her panties and onto the bed. It took a few minutes for Kara to fully awaken as her vision got better. She looked over at Haley then felt a warm wetness between her legs.

"Wha.. What, no, no" Kara said as she now knew what she was doing looking down she saw. A large puddle forming between her legs. Memories of a time at boarding school when Kara had wet the bed flashed through her mind.

"Not, again" Kara whimpered.

As she tried to use her weak insides to stop the flow. But was unable to do so, as more of her fluids leake dout on the bed.

Hiss.

Kara's pee went as her soaked panties got no longer hold back the flood.

Haley smiled at Kara. She then started to move around herself. "Gotta pee." She mumbled. "Can I?" She asked Kara as she pushed onto her own nappy causing it to crinkle a little and a small measure of warm yellow fluid to leak out. "Don't think I can..." Haley mumbled as her eyes got heavier and she fell back to sleep. A few seconds later, another hissing sound could be heard along with a crinkling noise.

Holly, still being half asleep, was now voluntarily urinating through her panties into the toilet.

"Warm..." Holly said as she urinated full force. "Kinda nice."

Lilly had, by now, finished her own release of fluids. Now all she had to do was dispose of the nappy. She crouched over the drain and started to undo her nappy. A loud crashing sound could be heard for a split second as all of the fluids flooded in the nappy gushed out as she removed it.

"Crap!" She cried out as she tried to lessen the noise. "I wasn't expecting that."

Kara, was still looking between her legs at the pee leaking out of her body. She looked over at Haley "yes you can" She said. She heard the hissing and crinkling sound coming from Haley. She felt embarrassed too embarrassed to get out of bed and get changed. Seeing as how both Holly and Lilly were out of the room. Kara didn't want to move for fear of them either hearing it or seeing her wet panties.

Reaching over Kara, pulled back one of the covers to cover herself up again, The warm pee from between her legs soaked into the bed cover.

"Just like my first night at boarding school" Kara thought.

As she tried to fall back asleep she turned on her side and pulled Haley close to her.

Haley was back in the Dream Door room. There were no lights lit.

"How boring." Haley said to herself. Should she give up on dream surfing and let herself sleep or should she wait a little while and invade Lilly's dream when Lilly fell asleep.

Choices, choices.

"Getting...sleepy..." Holly mumbled as she finished up emptying her bladder. She then closed her eyes and fell asleep.

One dream door was now lit. Holly's.

"How am I going to deal with this?" Lilly asked herself. "How am I going to explain this? What would they think of me?" She sighed. "No point worrying about what's happened. I'd better get cleaned up and back to bed." Lilly took off the nappy and let it fall to the floor. She couldn't be asked to do anything with it at the moment. "First sleepover I've ever been to and I'm too scared to sleep, I've just voluntarily wet myself in a child's nappy, I've wet myself from scary stories and I peed in a child's potty! Just great!" Lilly said to herself as she wiped herself down with some wet wipes and dried herself off. She went back into the main bedroom after switching off the bathroom light, picked up her panties off the floor and went to her sleeping bag. She then tried her best to get to sleep.

Kara had finally finished wetting the bed. As she still held Haley in her arms she pulled her tighter against her body, Feeling the warmth of her body and wet nappy against her skin. Kara fell fast asleep she started to dream again.

Finding herself back in her favourite dream of the one where Lilly was rubbing herself way in the classroom. Her dream self watched Lilly and floated over to her, In her dream she reached out with both hands and started rubbing Lilly's crotch through her panties.

"Here, let me help" Kara offered.

Lilly moaned softly as she felt Kara's fingers tocuh her special area.

"P-Please stop" Lilly begged.

Another door lit up. Kara's.

Lilly was turning in her sleeping bag at what had just happened. She thought long and hard about a plausible explanation for the whole nappy affair. She'd blame it on Haley's sleep walking. That should work.

Content with her choice, Lilly managed to fall asleep.

A third door lit up. Lilly's

The fourth door now lit up. Haley's own dream.

Dream Haley saw all the doors light up. She sensed the presences behind each one and tried to enter Kara's again. They could finally have some fun with Lilly if they wanted to.

She tried Kara's door.

Would it let her in?

Dream Kara was still rubbing her fingers across Lilly's peach.

"No, I'm going to make you wet yourself" Dream Kara said,

She pushed inwards with her fingers pushing Lilly's black silk panties into her peach. Lilly whimpered and begged for Kara to stop.

"P-Please, stop" Lilly begged,

Kara shook her head. As she gently rubbed up and down the length of Lilly's peach.

Her dream door started to open.

Dream Haley saw the door open and entered back into the room where they were before. The classroom with Lilly in. Dream Haley spied Dream Kara teasing the desperate Lilly. She chuckled to herself as she used a little of her magic to influence the dream. She created a small decorative water fountain on the desk in front of Lilly. The fountain gently trickled away.

Dream Haley fully entered the room and she walked over to Dream Kara. Both her hands were raised and she was about to pounce when Dream Kara had finished her little fun.

Dream Kara had not yet know that Haley had entered her dream she was to busy having fun with Lilly. A fountain had suddenly appeared in the room which seem strange. Lilly moaned and begged Kara to stop again but she wasn't listening. She just kept rubbing Lilly's mound and started to feel her fluids leak onto her hand. Lilly seemed now to be fully wetting herself before Dream Kara.

She moved back and watched the show.

"Tiger pounce!" Dream Haley shouted as she jumped forward and groped Dream Kara's breasts again. "Did you miss me?"

Dream Haley then remembered her true reason for coming into the dream.

"Lilly's asleep now so I can try to access her dream for us to have fun." Dream Haley explained. She then looked over at the Lilly in the chair, who seemed to be flooding her panties. "Seems like you beat me to the punch." Dream Haley joked.

Dream Kara felt a pair of familiar hands grab her breasts again and started to grope them.

"Kyaa" Kara moaned.

"I-I did miss you" Kara moaned out as she listened to Haley speak.

"Could we really?" Kara asked. Blushing bright red as she watched Lilly flooding her panties.

"But, this is my fantasy" Kara mentioned.

Dream Haley stopped her groping as she moved to the side of Dream Kara.

"We can. All I need is your cloaking and wind control and we can do what we please in her dream. If you hold my hand while we're in here, you can directly influence dreams as well." Dream Haley explained to Dream Kara. "Shall we go?"

Dream Haley then took one last look at the wetting Lilly and then went over to the entrance which she came through.

Dream Kara moaned when Dream Haley stopped with her groping.

"Okay, then let's get started" Dream Kara said. She used her magic to create a cloaking field around the pair so that they wouldn't be seen. She walked over and took Dream Haley's hand. "Um, I really like you" Dream Kara said with a blush on her cheeks.

She looked one last time at Lilly and followed Haley out of her dream and they stood before some dream doors.

"I like you, too, Kara." Haley smiled back not quite getting what form of 'like' Kara may have meant.

Inside the circle of doors, Haley walked towards the one which she could feel Lilly's presence behind. She pushed the door open with the help of Kara's magic and entered Lilly's dream.

They arrived in a small room which looked like a medieval dungeon. Chains hung on the walls and manacles could be seen around the room. Lilly was nowhere to be seen at first. Haley took a more observant look around.

The dungeon was a typical dungeon with little to no light coming it. It was illuminated solely by the white torches on the walls. An iron maiden sat in a corner. It was not a typical iron maiden, mind. Instead of having spikes inside it had lots of little feathers attached to mechanisms that, when the handle on the outside was turned, would cause the feathers to start to move in small circles, potentially tickling the person inside the Iron Maiden.

On one wall, there were three sets of fluffy manacles. The stocks in the centre of the room was also made out of some form of fluffy feathery material. Beneath one set of fluffy manacles, which were hanging up in the centre of the room, lay a small drain. The manacles were a good way into the air. Haley concluded that, if a person who was Lilly's height were to hang from them, they'd be hovering just above the drain. Mechanisms seemed to be on the walls to the four sides of the centre piece. They looked similar to the mechanism in the iron maiden but Haley could not see any from of feathery implement. She thought that they were hidden in the walls.

Haley thought she could hear some form of running water coming from a section of the room. She looked towards the noise and found a small river flowing through the ground next to a set of fluffy stocks.

"Creepy place." Dream Haley commented as she shivered. "I would have never thought of Lilly to be like this."

Haley then thought she heard the sound of a pleasured scream. It sounded like Lilly. She headed towards the noise and arrived in an adjoining room. This room was smaller and it had a single chair in the centre and a running tap on each wall. Lilly was tied to the chair and a girl, who looked like Kara, was seemingly using some kind of device on Lilly. Lilly seemed to be enjoying it.

"I'll make you squeal like the pig you are!" The other Kara taunted Lilly.

"If it's for you I'd be happy to!" Lilly replied. "Punish me more for wetting myself without your permission."

Dream Haley just started in a mixture of shock, horror and awe.

"You'd better see this." She shouted back to Dream Kara. "Seems some chick who looks like you has beaten you to it."

Kara followed Haley through the doors that led into Lilly's dream. She was surprised at what she saw. It appeared to be some sort of dungeon yet looking around at it. She saw the Iron Maiden with it's feathers for tickling. She then saw the river that ran through the room hearing the sound of running water. Kara also saw the fluffy manacles located on the walls and one appeared to have a drain over it. Following behind Dream Haley Dream Kara was speechless.

"Um, Lilly likes this stuff?" Kara asked.

She followed behind Dream Haley. who seemed to go on ahead into another room. Dream Kara just looked around the dungeon.

"This is strange?" Dream Kara thought,

Kara then heard what sound like a scream she ignored it at first then heard Haley call. Out that she needed to see something.

Kara followed the sound of Haley's voice and entered the adjoining room. What she saw shocked her and flooded her panties with her juices. Dream Kara's clothes had changed into the outfit of what Lilly had been wearing in her dream.

Dream Kara, then saw the image of herself standing next to Lilly. She seemed to be using some kind of device on Lilly. Who was tied to a chair in the center of the room.

"She, thinks of me doing this to her?" Dream Kara asked. As more juices flooded her black silk panties.

Haley just stared in shock at the events unfolding in front of her.

"I want to look away but I just can't..." She said to Dream Kara.

Haley's staring revealed a little more about the situation which this strange duo were in. Lilly, who was tied to the chair, seemed to be wearing some form of leather bikini which only just covered what it needed to. Upon closer examination, the bikini bottoms weren't made of leather. What she was wearing was some kind of chastity belt with some form of electrical mechanism on the front. The chastity belt was locked into place and could only be opened by the key which was on the keyring in Dominatrix Kara's pocket. Lilly was squirming around wildly on her chair.

"I don't hear you squealing!" The Dominatrix Kara shouted to Lilly. "How about I do it again?!" The Dominatrix Kara then pressed the button on the device in her hand and Lilly's chastity belt seemed to pulse with electricity. The shock of it, Haley concluded, would likely cause no harm but it would still affect the electromagnetic pulses in the body around that area.

Lilly then moaned in please as the electricity coursed through her body. Haley then heard a hissing sound. She looked over at Lilly, who was now wetting herself in the chastity belt, which caused the electrical current to be magnified and speed up the process.

"You pitiful pig!" Dominatrix Kara shouted to Lilly. "Did I say you could wet yourself?! Well, DID I?!" Dominatrix Kara then raised her right leg and pushed her foot into Lilly's abdomen. Lilly just moaned in pleasure more at this.

"No you didn't." Lilly answered. "I'm sorry. Please, cook me like the pig I am!" Lilly answered. She seemed to really love this.

"No amount of counselling with ever make me unsee what I have seen..." Haley quietly said as she stared at what was going on. "My half-sister is...a perverted masochist." Haley just continued staring at the BDSM pair in front of her.

Back in the real world, Lilly was moaning in her sleep and a slight hissing sound could be heard coming from her Sleeping Bag.

Dream Kara was speechless as she watched Lilly and Dominatrix Kara have their fun. Dream Kara could only watch as more of her juices flooded her panties. Her panties were now soaked with her love juices her tender lips were opening and Dream Kara reached down and started. To gently rub her fingers up and down the length of her peach.

"L-Lilly" Dream Kara moaned.

Dream Kara was loving what she was seeing she wanted to. Go over to Lilly and touch her breasts, run her fingers through her pubic hair and touch her treasure. Slowling slipping her fingers inside Lilly she would love to make her wet herself by teasing her urethra.

Dream Kara still listened to what was said her rubbing speed increased,

"I-I want to do that to her" Dream Kara moaned she started to move closer to Lilly and her other self. She stopped a few feet away Dream Kara's skirt was around her waist her right hand buried in her panties rubbing away like crazy at her special place.

"L..L..Lilly" Dream Kara kept repeating over and over,

Back in the real world. Kara had slipped her hand inside her panties and was busy rubbing away at herself.

"Well, I'll leave the whackos to their fun." Haley said as she managed to turn around. "I've seriously gotta talk to Lilly about this." She quietly said to herself as she walked back into the sex dungeon's main den of pervertedness.

Haley didn't bother looking back to see if Kara was following her. She just wanted to get out as soon as possible. She'd never be able to look at Lilly the same way again.

"You coming?" She shouted back to Kara as she reached the door. "I'm gonna need you to help me invade Holly's dream. Hopefully her innocence would help cleanse my mind of this place." Haley said with a shudder.

Back in the real world, Lilly had now fully soaked her sleeping bag. She had unknowingly wet the bed while dreaming about what she was. Her hand had moved down to her crotch and pushed aside her soaking panties and she seemed to be rubbing at her treasure and inserting her fingers into it.

Kara was still busy rubbing away at herself as she watched the couple have their fun together. While rubbing away at herself she looked at her other self. She began to wonder if she could fill that role. She was in Lilly's dream after all and Lilly didn't know she was there at all.

Kara didn't know that Haley had left her alone but she heard her shout out to her,

"Um, I'm going to stay here actually I'd like to have some fun with Lilly alone" Kara shouted back. She truly did want to see what Holly's dreams were like but that could wait for another time.

Kara stared down at Lilly she stopped rubbing herself and decided first she wanted to change Lilly's clothes. She used her magic to create a new outfit for Lilly to wear.Lilly was now wearing a school uniform that features a satin blouse which buttons at the front. With loose-fitting sleeves which are pleated at the shoulder to give her a puff ball effect, and with a semi-wide cuff which is also pleated to give the sleeve a beautiful look. The satin school uniform dress is cut low at the front with buckles for which shoulder straps are put through and adjusted for a perfect comfortable fit, and has a zip at the rear.

The uniform's short skirt has set deep pleats that give the skirt a wonderful swish when Lilly would walk, and the perfect length to show a glimpse of her panties. The satin sash wraps around Lilly's waist to give the uniform a stunning shape and look.On both legs Lilly wore a school girl suspender belt. Elasticated waist and double lined in satin, trimmed in lace and with a satin bow at the center. It is beautifully shaped with contrasting lace at the hem and adjustable suspender belts to keep Lilly's stockings in place.

For panties Lilly was wearing school girl panties. Double lined in satin so that wonderful smooth silky feel that's on the outside she would feel against her bare skin. Elasticated waist with a satin lace at the center. Trimmed at the waist and leg openings with stunning lace.

She looked over at her other self and began to again use her magic. To make her vanish the other Kara was still there but Lilly wouldn't notice it she'd only know of Dream Kara filling the role.

"You've been a bad girl haven't you I bet you need to really pee again right?" Kara teased.

"Knock yourself out." Haley shouted back. She used a little of her magic to ensure that Kara stayed in the dream for a little while longer. In dream time, she'd be able to stay for a good thirty minutes, which should, in real time, lead into the morning to around nine o'clock. Haley then took off out of the dream and back into the door room where she chose her own dream door. Her outfit turned back to her sleeping wear and she entered the door into her own dream.

Dream Lilly noticed the change in her clothes.

"We doing some role-play now? Is it naughty student/strict teacher?" Lilly asked.

"No, but I'm sure you'll see to that." Lilly answered as she felt the last of her previous burst trickle down her legs.

Back in the real world, Real Lilly was starting to toss and turn in her sleep.

"Thank you" Kara shouted back. She was finally alone with Lilly just what she wanted. She liked the way Lilly was dressed and walked over to her.

"Yes we can role-play, And yes it is that wat but first I should untie you" Kara says. She walked behind Lilly and unties her letting her be free.

"Now, you've been a naughty girl Lilly always getting bad grades on your assignments. Yet you've also wet yourself three times in my class!" Kara shouted as she blushed but grabbed Lilly and pulled her to her feet she pushed Lilly forward towards her desk. Until Lilly bumped into it.

"But on a side note it's time for your punishment as for the rest of the day your toilet needs are all gone" Kara told her.

"So what?" The defiant Schoolgirl Lilly answered. "What are you going to do about it?"

Kara's punishment: Toilet privileges denied.

"Is that all?" Lilly asked with a slight laugh. "That's nothing. Can't you think of any better?"

Lilly was now a dominatrix through her naughty student role, Kara would have to knock her down if she wanted a subdued Lilly.

"You will see" Teacher Kara answered she again pushed Lilly forward She grabbed Lilly and turned her around pushing her down on her desk. Grabbing both her hand Kara brought them forward and looked them in some feather manacles. Meaning Lilly couldn't free her arms next she pushed Lilly's legs apart and locked her feet in some feather manacles as well.

"It's time you paid for what you have done" Kara yelled. She walked forward behind Lilly. Kara promptly pushed the Lilly's skirt up over the girls waist, tucking some of the material into her waistband. Her pretty bottom displayed a small pair of double satin lace panties. Kara knelt behind her. Taking hold of the flimsy lace she slowly pulled the panties, making the Lilly open her legs as she eased them down.

Kara slid her other hand over Lilly's bottom her fingers trailing through the crease between her buttocks and finding the sensitive lips of sex. Slowly she teased them with light caresses running her nails through the fine hairs of her pubes. Kara pressed two of her fingers together, stealthily she pushed them up inside Lilly the vagina already moist, allowing her fingers to slide in easily. Kara cleverly manipulated her fingers.

"Well, I liked the old Kotori better!" Yuki answered. "I don't like this current Kotori. You scare me! You're perverted!"

Kotori left the toilet and headed up to get into her outfit.

"Why has she become like this?" Yuki asked herself as tears formed at the corners of her eyes. She then left the toilet and headed up to her room.

Outside her room, she saw Kotori in her maid outfit. If Yuki wasn't so depressed right now, she might have thought that the outfit looked cute and suited Kotori well. She went over to her door and stood in front of it.

"You're not needed in my room at the moment. It's tidy and I'm about to go to bed." Yuki told Kotori. "Just..."

Before Kotori had left the bathroom she remembered what Yuki had said to her. This caused her to cry when she had reached her room alone.

"She hates me" Kotori thought.

Once she was standing outside Yuki's room she watched as she returned and told her she wasn't needed.

"I'm sorry, Miss but I have to make sure you go to the toilet and put on you nappy before bed" Kotori said.

It seemed that Yuki was about to say something else.

"Um, Yuki I'm sorry about earlier" Kotori told her.

"So you're going to cuff me? Hah! The cuffs don't even hurt!" Defiant Lilly taunted. "What are you going to do to me next? Poke me with a stick?"

"Really?! Is that all you've got?" Lilly answered in response to the removal of clothing. "I could do so much worse to you if my hands were free."

Kara was then running her nails through the tiny strands of hair which made up Lilly's pubes. Lilly felt something enter her vagina. She let out a slight moan of pleasure before returning to her defiant role.

"Come on! You're boring me! Where's this punishment you said you'd give me?" Defiant Lilly challenged.

Kara was still busy running her fingers over Lilly's pubes. She kept up fingering Lilly and then slipped her middle finger inside of Lilly's urethra. And pushed in hard with said finger and begining to dig around inside before taking it out. "You'll see" Kara answered.

She walked behind the desk and opened a draw inside she pulled out two small egg virbators that were pink in color. Walking back she placed the first egg right inside of Lilly's uretha and attacted the device to her left stocking leg followed by placing the second on inside of Lilly's peach. And attached the other to her right leg.

Kara then turned on both devices and a low humming sound was heard as the eggs went to work on Lilly's insides. Kara then went back to her desk and searched in another drawer she then found a small pill which was a diuretic.

"No, but first let's fill up your bladder" Kara says she walks over and forcefully opens Lilly's mouth. She pops in the pill and makes Lilly swallow it. "In about ten minutes you'll bladder will be full and bursting." Kara said as she turned up the speed of the egg vibrators.

"Now two more things" Kara added.

Using some magic Kara created four large fountains that took up postions around the room. There water was running all the time. Two fountains were sitting right in front of Lilly right behind Kara's desk.

Lastly Kara pulled out a large wooden paddle. She brought it over to Lilly's behind and slapped her ass with all her strength.

Defiant Lilly saw Kara go and get some egg vibrators. Defiant Lilly smirked and let out a soft laugh.

"Vibrators feel good. How are they a punishment?!" Defiant Lilly taunted. "I often set my phone on vibrate and let it go about its work in my panties. It's in a case so it won't be damaged by my feel-good juices!"

Once the vibrators were turned on, Defiant Lilly revelled in the pleasure they brought her.

"This is no punishment!" Defiant Lilly stated. "This is fucking pure pleasure! Have you never punished someone in you life, you shitty excuse for a teacher?!"

She saw Kara take out a small pill. Lilly was unsure what this was so she just went along with her normal behavioural pattern.

"How's that tiny thing meant to do that?" Defiant Lilly asked. "Just what fucking planet are you from?! To think that vibrators and tiny pills mixed in with kinky cuffs are punishment, it's a fucking joke!" Defiant Lilly laughed before the pill was shoved down her throat.

Kara created fountains and said they'd help speed it up.

"Fountains are therapeutic, not punishment!" Defiant Lilly shouted back. She then started to squirm around a little in her chair. It seemed the fountains were speeding up the effects of the pill Kara gave her. She lapsed a little when Kara brought out the wooden paddle before returning to her defiant role.

"The fuck you think you're doing, you crazy bitch?!" Lilly shouted back as the paddle slapped across her backside. She let out a cry of pain. "Since when did paddles enter this?!"

Kara listened to what Lilly had to say. "They will help with making you need to pee" Kara stated.

When Lilly called her a shitty excause for a teacher Kara went up to her and slapped her hard across the face.

"How dare you say that you fucking cunt!" Kara yelled.

"Not hear they are not this will make you think of nothing but needing to pee" Kara yelled at her. She then brought the paddle down again and again on Lilly's backside she pushed Lilly forward until she was fully laying on the desk. She then bought down the paddle hard on Lilly's peach. again and again she did this as hard as she could.

"This will teach you to shut the fuck up!" Kara snapped. She dropped the paddle and then went back to the desk and pulled out a larger wooden stick it the shape of bamboo she walked back behind Lilly and started to shove the end into Lilly's wet peach.

"More like need to gush with pleasure!" Defiant Lilly retaliated as a squirt of pleasure juices left her peach.

The slap to the face caused Lilly to falter a little. A small smile appeared on her face. She regained her defiant composure after a short second.

"Bitch!" Defiant Lilly shouted back. "How dare you slap my pretty face!"

The fountains were having their desired effect as Lilly's need for relief was further increasing. The paddle slap to her girlhood caused a small spurt of pleasure juices to escape along with a yelp from Lilly. The second slap from the paddle seemed to cause some pleasure juices tinged with yellow to escape. Could the diuretic work that fast?

"Never!" Defiant Lilly shouted angrily. "I'll never shut up! How about you shut the fuck up?!"

The bamboo stick caused Lilly to let out a slight moan of pleasure when it entered her vagina.

"Nice dildo you've got there! Is that the only one which can actually cause you're bucket to feel good?!" Defiant Lilly taunted.

Before she pushed the stick further into Lilly she again reached over and slapped Lilly had across the face again and again.

"You will learn your place bitch!!!" Kara roared.

She slapped Lilly harder then before. Then turned on the egg vibrators to full power It seemed that eight minutes had now passed between the time she had began her role. Kara knew that the pill would be having an affect on Lilly by now.

Quickly Kara went back to her desk and pulled out another pill and shoved it down Lilly's throat. "This pill works quicker than the first"Kara laughed at Lilly.

The stick in her hand seemed to change shape and become larger and now was made of metal. Kara shoved the tip into Lilly's pussy the metal pipe was now to big to fit inside of Lilly put Kara pushed it in further as it pushed it's way in.

"No, but this will hurt like hell though as I'm going to ram this up inside of you cunt!!" Kara yelled.

She pushed the metal pipe further and further into Lilly's peach she came into contact with Lilly's hymen.

'We have a virgin here?" Taunted Kara.

As she shoved the pipe upwards breaking through the small piece of skin.

The slaps caused a reaction in Lilly. Her face seemed to smile.

"Will I?!" Defiant Lilly answered. "I know my place and it's not where you want me!"

Eight minutes had passed since Lilly ingested the pill. Upon the last slap to her face, Lilly lost a huge spurt of her warm yellow fluids. All her defiance seemed to fade as she tried to move her hands down to her crotch. No luck. Legs? No luck.

"Let me go!" Submissive Lilly shouted, her defiance seemed to fade. "I've gotta pee! I'm gonna wet myself!" Lilly was now violently squirming around on the desk. She felt another pill enter her mouth. She spluttered a little and a large stream of her warm yellow fluids left her urethra. "Please! Let me go!" Lilly was practically begging while squirming now.

The bamboo stick in Lilly's vagina seemed to grow and become very cold. She cried out in pain as the pipe was forced into her small passageway.

"That hurts!" Lilly shouted out. It hurt but it felt good. She felt the pipe come into contact with her cherry. Kara seemed to enjoy this.

"Don't break that!" Lilly begged. "If you do, no one will want to marry me!"

She screamed in pain as the pipe burst through her hymen. Blood trickled out of her vagina, The blood was later joined by a torrent of warm yellow fluid from Lilly's urethra.

"Please..." Submissive Lilly cried. "Please..." Her face suddenly changed to a happy smile. "Punish me more! Make me scream! Make me cry out in pain!"

Kara began to pull the pipe out of Lilly's sore and bleeding vagina. She loved the way everything was going seeing Lilly beg and scream was actually a strange turn on for Kara.

"What did I tell you about wetting yourself you slut fucking cunt!" Demanded Kara. As she watched Lilly wet herself several times. The metal pipe seemed to change back into the bamboo stick. "Do, you think I give a shit about what you want or need?" Kara yelled.

She swung the bamboo stick super hard at Lilly's butt again she swung and then again. Kara did this several times before. Dropping the stick "I know what to do to you to put you in your place that ultimate shamming" Kara taunted. She pulled the egg vibrator out of Lilly's very wet peach.

In her free hand Kara magically made a small dildo that was pink in color. Yet this dildo had a special feature to it. Kara placed it before Lilly's peach and started to thrust it in and out of her. While slapping her ass with her other hand.

"This little device is going to get you pregnant, how does that sound your going to be pregnant cunt" Kara laughed evilly at Lilly, As she thrust the dildo in and out of Lilly. The dildo started to get very hot meaning it was going to shot it's load into Lilly very soon.

>>Scene Change<<

Soon the room began to change it became another classroom but it had two desks in the middle of the room. A large number of fountains were all over the place all around the room. At both desks two girl's sat one was Lilly and the other was Kara.

Lilly was dressed now in a dress, made in high sheen soft satin it features a stand up collar that is trimmed in lace and has a hand made rose bud and sweet fixed satin hanging bow at the front. It has huge bloused sleeves that are elasticated at the wrist with a matching rose bud and hanging bow, and with a deep flared cuff that is trimmed beautiful lace. The bodice is figure-hugging and has a rear zip to keep her in place, with two metal rings in the fabric to allow a small padlock to be applied. The short naughty full skirt is trimmed in lace and with a deep pleated satin frill at the hem.

Her matching petticoat is a dream of its own - made from netting and glass-silk and has an elasticated waist for a perfect fit. She also has metal rings on either side of the waist with a satin lace Under the dress Lilly wore a pair of french cut white frilly panties.

Kara however was weariing a uniform that features a cute peter pan collar, that has a dainty fixed bow at the front, and is also trimmed with lace. With beautiful puff-sleeves, edged with lace, it's features contrasting matching satin along the top of the uniform that is also edged in ruffled lace above the bust line; and also around the back of the shoulders. The waist of the skirt is elasticated and short enough to offer a glimpse of panties and stocking tops when Kara bends over. Her panties were satin and are are double-sided in satin! With an elasticated waist and legs surrounded in beautiful pink lace, and with a bow to finish the look.

On the large black board in gaint letters read.

"Sex Education"

All of Kara's insults and physical violence was causing Lilly to get very wet.

"I'm your slut! Rape me, break me, abuse me until my body can't take any more!" Lilly shouted back to Kara. "Make me feel like shit!"

With each slap of the bamboo stick, Lilly screamed in pleasure and her peach squirted out load after load of slimy fluid.

"More! More!" Lilly moaned to Kara's taunt. She was laughing in joy while Kara created the dildo. She cried out in pure bliss as the dildo was thrust in and out of her soaking wet vagina. Lilly felt the dildo get very hot.

"Make me pregnant!" Lily cried out as the dildo blew its load into Lilly's vagina.

Just as Lilly felt the warm sticky fluids of the dildo enter her vagina, she was transported to another classroom.

>>Scene Change<<

The classroom seemed to be a sex education class for just Lilly and Kara. Lilly quickly surveyed the room. It was a basic classroom with the most basic of appliances, save for the numerous fountains.

Lilly squirmed in her seat at the sound of the fountains. She looked over at Kara to see if she was being affected by the fountains as well.

Kara looked around the room, She saw the many different types of fountains and and noticed the writing on the black board. The basic school supplies were located around the room. As her gaze traveled over them. She looked over and spotted Lilly who after the beating and the pleasureable time they had moments ago. Was back to her normal look. Yet she seemed to be squirming around.

Blushing, she watched as Lilly squirmed a warm feeling began to form. Between Kara's legs as she watched licking her lips slowly. It seemed that Kara would start to squirm around as well and that's what she did.

She began to bounce and fidget in her seat. The water from the fountains was beginning to get to her.

"She looks cute?" Kara thought. Still watching as Lilly squirmed around.

A shadowly figure walked into the room. Kara's gaze moved over away from Lilly as she saw. The figure walk into the room out of the corner of her eye. She couldn't make out just who the figure was but the appeared to be female from the way their figure looked.

The shadowy figure moved to the front of the room and then began to speak.

"Ah, Miss Kara would you pease come to the front of the room. Today class we are going to show what it's like for a girl to receive pleasure and Kara here will be that person who receive's said pleasure" The shadow said.

Blushing Kara slowly got up and walked towards the front of the room, She turned and faced the empty room save for Lilly.

Standing there Kara started to squirm on the spot.

"Lilly, dear would you like to help Kara receive this pleasure?" The shadow asked.

A shadowed figure seemed to come into the room and explain something about the lesson's objectives. Lilly considered if she wanted to do what they said. Kara, who they called up to be the test subject, looked weak and cute to Lilly's eyes.

"Any restraints?" Lilly asked the shadow. "Anything which I can't do?"

Lilly got up off her chair and headed towards the front of the room. She sized up Kara and laughed at how much of a pushover she seemed to be.

"What do we have here?" Lilly asked with a laugh. "A pampered princess wannabe who's oblivious to what's about to happen?" She leaned towards Kara's face and flicked her nose. "How much can you take before I'll have you screaming for you parents?"

The shadowed figure took in what Lilly had to say.

"Do, whatever you wish, just don't kill her but make her a ssex-crazied peeing child" The shadow answered.

Kara stood in front of the room she heard what the shadow-figure had just told Lilly.

"No, please anything but that!" Kara begged.

As memories of her time in boarding school came flooding back to her. She wasn't used sexually there but she was a little pee-whore always needing the toilet, always wetting herself.

Kara began to feel scared as she thought of these things. She then felt Lilly flick her nose and she returned to the present time.

"p-Please don't hurt me?" Kara asked. She listened to what else Lilly had to say.

Backing against the front desk.

"I-I'm not pampered" Kara answered she looked into Lilly's eyes a look of fear in her own. "I'm not sure" She added.

The thought of being able to do whatever she wished really got Lilly going. A sadistic smile was now on her face as she slowly walked towards the retreating Kara.

"So, I've gotta turn you into a sex-crazed pee-whore have I?" Lily rhetorically asked. "This should be a breeze."

Lilly looked around the classroom to find what might be useful. She found a long ruler and a pointing stick. She picked up these two items and placed them on the desk for now.

"Quit cowering and come out, you snivelling little bitch!" She shouted to Kara. "How can I do anything if you're so much of a coward?!" Lilly then laughed as a thought entered her mind. "My work might be easier than I thought it would be. You look just about ready to piss your panties without me even doing anything!"

Lilly's bladder started to act up from the sound of the fountains as well. She fidgeted around on the spot.

"Oh, there's also some items you may like to use they are located in the front desk drawer" The shadow told Lilly.

Seeing the sadistic smile and Lilly's face Kara felt scared and afraid. She tried to back up again but couldn't

"L-leave me alone" Kara shouted. But stopped when she saw Lilly with the ruler in hand.

Then listening to what was said Kara sqiurmed on the spot.

"I-I'm not a coward, and I don't need to pee" Kara said back.

It was far from the truth her fear of what Lilly would do to her could her bladder to rapidly fill. But also she got a warm wet feeling between her legs as she was started to get wet.

"If you won't move, then I'll move you!" Lilly shouted to Kara as she grabbed her by the wrist and practically threw her back into the room. "Do what I tell you to when I tell you to!"

Lilly picked up the ruler from the desk and hit Kara hard across her rear with the ruler. A loud smacking sound echoed around the room when the ruler made contact with Kara's rear.

Remembering the suggestions from the Shadow-Teacher, Lilly looked in the top drawer.

"I wonder what's in here?" She asked as she opened the drawer up.

"No-No let go" Kara shouted she tried to fight off Lilly's grip when she was grabbed. And thrown back into the room. She felt the ruler smacking her behind.

Kara cried out in pain as she hit the side of a desk, She felt a tiny bit of pee leak out into her panties. Then quickly jammed both hand down between her legs. The back of her skirt flashed up showing her pantied-covered behind to Lilly.

"Don;t come near me you bitch" Kara snapped back trying to sound tuff but failing.

"This little pill looks nice." Lilly laughed to herself as she took out tow diuretics. She swallowed one herself and the went back over to Kara.

"Think you're tough, huh?!" Lilly laughed. "Save me the display, bitch! Eat this and shut the fuck up!" Lilly shouted to Kara as she forced open her mouth and shoved the diuretic inside. She then held Kara's mouth closed until she swallowed the pill.

The diuretic which Lilly took was starting to take effect as well. She felt her own need for a toilet rise. She pushed Kara to the floor and held her down with her foot.

"Open your mouth, bitch, I'm about to wash that pill down!" Lilly shouted to Kara as she pushed her own panties aside and started to urinate all over Kara's face.

"Drink it all up! If I see you waste a single drop I'll kick you hard!" Lilly demanded.

Kara backed away again from Lilly with fear in her eyes. She cowered when Lilly shouted at her but she started to throw a punch. But felt Lilly grab her and force a pill down her throat.

She tried to spit it out but felt Lilly had forced her mouth open at first and then held it closed. Kara swallowed the pill and soon started to feel the effects. As her bladder began to fill up more.

She was shoved to the ground and was held in place by Lilly's foot. Before she felt urine splash onto her face. Strangely Kara did as she was told and opened her mouth letting the urine fill it. She then started to drink it down.

"That's it, drink every last drop, you waste of a sentient being!" Lilly taunted Kara. Lilly's stream died down after around 30 seconds. She then crouched over Kara, her clitoris just above Kara's face.

"Now, lick me dry like the bitch you are!" Lilly demanded. "I wanna feel good!"

Kara swallowed all of Lilly's pee but left a tiny bit in her mouth. And spit it back up at Lilly "T-Take that bitch" Kara shouted back.

Yet when Lilly moved her clit in front of her face. Kara attacked it with force. Licking it with her tongue and then sucking on it.

She released some of her pee again int her panties flooding them with her fluids.

"What did I tell you?!" Lilly shouted down to Kara, who spat up some of Lilly's urine. She then lifted her foot and slammed it hard into Kara's abdomen. "How dare you!" Another slam into the abdomen. "You piece of shit!"

Back to the cunnilingus.

"Lick away!" Lilly shouted. "Shit, you're actually pretty good."

Lilly felt a climax coming.

"Drink it all!" She demanded as she climaxed all over Kara. Warm, clear, slimy fluid gushed out of Lilly straight onto Kara's teasing tongue.

"Aaah s-stop" Kara coughed out. As she felt Lilly foot slam down into her. She felt a gaint torrent of pee flood her soaking panties wetting her skirt in the process.

Blushing Kara attacked Lilly's pussy with more force.

Running her tongue all over Lilly's peach she even stuck it inside of Lilly. Before she felt Lilly climax she licked up and swallowed all of Lilly's pleasure juices.

Kara tried to bring Lilly down by grabbing her legs she brought up her mouth and clamped it down on Lilly peach. Sucking on it greedly.

"Who said you could pee?!" Lilly shouted at Kara. "You're a useless bitch if you can't even do as you're told!"

Gushing with pleasure, Lilly moaned out.

"Lick more! I wanna feel great!"

Another gush of pleasure juices burst out of Lilly's clitoris to drench Kara's face. She felt Kara pull on her leg and she lowered her body in response.

Kara pulled back her mouth from Lilly's peach as a gush of pleasure juices drench her face. "No one Mistress, please punish me, fuck me, fuck me, make me pee" Kara begged.

Kara went back to lapping Lilly's peach with her tongue running it along the length, Before plunging it inside of her, She then flicked her tongue over Lilly's clitoris and bite on it gently with her teeth,

The shadow watching the events walked over to Lilly.

"She's nearly ready fuck her"

"Pass the double dildo then." Lilly told the shadow, who complied.

Lilly looked back down at Kara.

"You've been a good bitch so far. Here's your reward." Lilly said to Kara as she pulled aside her panties and thrust one end of the dildo into her. "You get to fuck me. That's your reward." Lilly added as she inserted the other end into herself. "Shit, this feels good!"

Lilly proceeded to move her waist back and forth as she stimulated the dildo inside herself.

A small shattering sound could be heard and the scene of the dream seemed to waver a little. A huge change came over Lilly.

Lilly looked around the room.

"Why am I here? Is this a classroom?" Lilly then looked at her outstretched arms. "Why am I on the floor?" She then looked over at Kara and jumped a little. "Kara? Why am I dreaming about Kara?" Lilly then felt the dildo between her lips. She screamed and quickly pulled it out. "What's going on?!"

The dream wavered again before finally being sucked into blackness.

Lilly awoke with a start at the sound of her phone's alarm.

"What a weird dream..." She said to herself as she started to rub the sleep out of her eyes. She then felt a little cold around her crotch. "Did I forget to put my panties back on?" She asked herself quietly. The coldness was not all she felt.

It was wet coldness.

Lilly let out a small scream.

"Did I? Have I? Oh no!" Lilly exclaimed.

Kara was still busy lapping away at Lilly's peach she pulled back when she heard what Lilly said. She moaned and screamed in fear when she felt the dildo being pushed into her.

"N-No, please don't I don't wanna lose my virginity" Kara moaned out.

She felt as the dildo was thrust in and out of her. As it moved closer to her hyman Kara moaned in fear again. Yet she then heard a small shattering sound and the dream started to waver. She then felt herself being yanked from the dream.

"No, no please not now" Kara shouted. As she was suddenly forced away by the sound. Of her alarm clock going off. Opening her eyes Kara felt a cold wetness between her legs. Looking down she saw that her bed sheets were soaked through with warm but rather cold pee. She also saw that she had her hand in her crotch.

Pulling it out she heard a small scream come over from Lilly.

Haley felt the movements coming from Kara and she groggily opened her eyes.

"Morning?" Haley mumbled. She felt the familiar feeling of a soaked nappy around her crotch and she also felt the cold wetness of the bed she was in. "Again..." She added on when she thought that the wetness of the bed came from her overflowing nappy.

Holly yawned as she started to open her eyes. She was about to do the regular motion of pulling bed clothes off herself when she noticed that there were none.

"Huh?" Holly questioned as she started to rub the sleep out of her eyes. She then let out a startled cry as she noticed that she was sitting on the toilet in soaking wet panties. "What did I...?" She then hastily jumped off the toilet and quickly pulled down her panties. "Has Haley infected me with her bedwetting?!" She asked herself.

Too late. Everyone was awake.

What would Lilly do now? Could she blame Haley? No, Haley was in Kara's bed for some reason. Holly? No, Holly wouldn't do something like that.

She had to take the fall.

She slowly pulled herself out of her sleeping bag and looked at her drenched panties.

"What will I do now?" She asked herself as tears started to form at the corners of her eyes.

Kara was now fully awake she had heard the small scream from Lilly earlier. She wiped her hand off on herself riding her hand of the clear fluids she looked at Haley. Who seemed to be finally waking up.

"Um, thank you for letting me stay in Lilly's dream" Kara whispered and kissed Haley lightly on the forehead. Carefully she got out of bed she wasn't sure how to really act around Lilly now. Seeing everything that she now knew and had done in her dream.

Walking over to the closet Kara decided to pick out some clothes for the day.

"Ah, girl's I know you guys didn't bring any extra clothes along other than the ones you were wearing yesterday for dinner. I'll let you barrow some of my own for today." Kara called out to them from in her closet.

She picked out a pink t-shirt with small blue stars across them, a short yellow skirt and a pair of sky blue panties. Taking the clothes Kara made her over to the bathroom which was empty. Walking inside she took a towel and cleaned herself down the best she could before drying herself off and putting on her new clothes.

She then walked out of the room and went to her bed to start to change the sheets.

Haley smiled when Kara kissed her on the forehead. She then started to climb out of the soaked bed. Once out, she took one quick look at Lilly, who seemed to be standing in a soaking wet nightdress, and then started to head to the bathroom to clean herself up.

Wait.

Lilly was standing, in a soaking wet nightdress? Could she have? Really? Too good to be true. First, Lilly had voluntarily wet herself in a nappy, second, she had now wet the bed. Could this day get any better? Haley loved how this was turning out.

Holly, flustered from her realisation, had by now managed to take off her panties and clean herself down. She then took the walk of shame, dripping wet panties in hand, back into the main bedroom. She was about to tell Lilly of her supposed accident when she saw Lilly in a practically mirrored state. Lilly also had a soaking wet nightdress and panties. Had she done it too? Kara's bed also seemed to be soaked. Did they all do it?

Strange...

Lilly was about to get herself cleaned up when she saw Kara enter the bathroom before her. Kara also seemed to have had a nocturnal accident. Lilly decided to wait until Kara was finished before she went to clean herself up with Haley.

"12 years old an I'm wetting the bed..." Lilly sobbed out. "I'm nearly a teenager yet I'm doing something which a child'd do."

She felt Holly's tiny hand pull at the edge of her wet Nightdress. She looked down and saw Holly holding a dripping wet pair of panties. Had she also done it? Had they all done it? Seems like she'll get to clean up both Holly and Haley along with herself.

After she saw Haley had moved out of her bed. She gathered up her wet bed sheets then carried them over to the clothe hamper. Placing them all inside along with her wet night clothes she heard Lilly start to sob.

Walking over to her she gently hugged Lilly for a few seconds before taking her hand.

"It;s ok Lilly, we all have accidents it's just a normal part of life please cheer up I don't want to see such a pretty face sad" Kaa replied.

Letting go of Lilly she looked at both twins.

"You guys better go get cleaned up and changed we have a big day planned ahead"

"It's not so bad." Haley added on after Kara. "It means that you get to have a slightly longer shower and a shorter trip to the toilet."

Holly was about to ask a rather silly question when she was pulled along into the bathroom by Haley.

"Let's all bathe together!" Haley beamed.

Lilly picked herself up off the floor and followed the pair into the bathroom, where she started to take off her clothes, after shutting the door behind her, and quickly took the soaked nappy from the night before out of the shower area and hid it behind her sodden clothes while the twins were taking off their wet nightclothes. She'll deal with the nappy later.

Now the best part of this whole chain of bad events.

Lilly loved taking the opportunity to bathe with the twins. She loved to help them wash themselves down. She loved the chance to touch them intimately without them asking about it. She took every chance she could to rub her hands over their small chests and tiny mounds. She felt herself start to feel excited when it came to washing off the soap so she could see their tiny nipples and crevasses in all their glory. Once the bath was over, Lilly also helped them dry themselves off, taking as much time as she was allowed around their intimate regions.

Once they were all finished, Lilly and the twins left the bathroom wrapped in their towels. They then headed over to the closet to pick out some clothes.

Kara had finally changed the sheets on her bed to brand new ones and sat down. She would have liked to have joined Lilly and the twins for a morning shower. But still wasn't quite to sure on how to handle recent events. She really wanted some alone time with Lilly again hoping that maybe she could get some later that day.

"Maybe I can start this whole new relationship with her I can try and get her to wet herself like in the dream?" Kara thought.

Blushing as she thought of this. Feeling her small mound begin to get wet reaching down she cupped it woth her hand and started to rub it. Feeling rather excited herself she thought back to the dream again.

"Lilly" Kara moaned.

She slipped her hand into her panties but had to quickly stop when she heard the door open. Wiping her hand on her skirt she looked at all three girls wearing only towels. She seemed to stare longer at Lilly though.

"Um, Lilly could you please wear something short today like a really nice skirt?" Kara asked.

"W-why do you ask that?" Lilly replied with a nervous fidget.

"She seems to like you." Haley whispered to Lilly so only she could hear. Lilly just blushed in response.

The three went over to the closet and picked out some clothes.

Haley chose a small yellow summer dress with matching vest, panties and socks. Holly chose a blue and white checked dress, a blue vest, white ribbon panties and crisp white socks. Lilly chose a sky blue t-shirt, a blue and white checked mini skirt, going off Kara's suggestion, a plain white ribbon vest with matching panties and a light blue pair of socks. They all got changed, Lilly stealing looks to both of the twins' naked bodies, and went back into the main room.

"So, will we have breakfast first before out little fight or are we doing that right away?" Lilly asked. Her stomach made a slight growl at the mention of breakfast, to which Lilly blushed.

"Um, because I'd think you'd look sexy in one" Kara stammered out, She also thought of something else. 'Plus I hope to see your panties" Kara thought.

She waited for them to get changed.

Time passed and they all walked out after changing all three girls looked really cute.

"You all look really cute I mean that" Kara said blushing she seemed to look longer at Lilly. Feeling a wetness build between her legs. She really now wanted to see Lilly's panties. Shaking her head she decided something.

"We best go get breakfast then after we can have out training battle"

"Thanks!" Haley smiled as she did a little twirl. The back of her skirt flew up to reveal her yellow panties which were, surprisingly, still on.

"Thank you." Holly replied with a blush.

"Thanks, I guess." Lilly answered, also blushing.

"I want pancakes!" Haley called out as she jumped up and down.

Lilly noticed Kara's lingering looks at her and wondered just if what Haley said was true. Did Kara really like her? Shen then thought back to her dream from the night before. She can remember Kara being in it but she can't remember just what they did together. If Kara really did like her then maybe...?

Watching as Haley did her little twirl her gaze shifted to her and stared at her little yellow panties. Kara looked at them and wanted to touch them to run her fingers over their silkness. Blushing she turned away and looked at Holly and Lilly.

"Ok, pancakes it is unless you two want something else?" Kara asked the pair. Her eyes again seemed to linger on Lilly traveling from her chest down to her skirt. She blushed a deeper red and thought of two things.

"So, Lilly I'd like you to sit next to me during breakfest ok?" Kara asked first. She then thought of her other idea.

"How about after, our battle we all go for a swim our family has a large indoor swimming pool. Surrounded by beautiful raven statues that shot water into the air. We could all splash each other and play together in the water" Kara said.

I'm fine with pancakes as long as there's strawberry sauce." Lilly answered.

"Pancakes are fine by me." Holly replied.

Lilly thought she was just being overly paranoid when it seemed like Kara had been glaring at her chest and skirt. She shifted a little from nervousness and one of her hands seemed to be holding her skirt down.

Kara's next question took Lilly by surprise.

"Sure, why not?" Lilly answered. Seemed like a pretty normal thing so why shouldn't she. Unless...?

"I didn't bring my swimsuit." Lilly replied with a slight blush.

"Don't worry, we can all go in naked." Haley suggested.

"N-no!" Holly quickly retorted before turning to Kara. "I'd like to but we also didn't bring our swimsuits."

The group had made it's way back into the dininng room, As she listened to wht the other had to say.

"Than pancakes it is then" Kara answered.

She took a seat at the head of the table and waited for everyone else to sit down. Once Lilly did she leaned over and whispered something to her.

"If you do something for me, I'll do something for you ok?" Kara asked. in a whisper.

Moving back as one of the maids came into the room to ask what everyone wanted to eat and drink,

"Don't worry I have some you guys can barrow though Haley's idea sounds like fun" Kara replied with a blush.

"What do you mean?" Lilly whispered in response to Kara's weird statement.

The food order was pancakes, but each of the three wanted something different to drink.

"Child Beer!" Haley ordered.

"Haley, you know what that does to you!" Holly quickly cut in. "Um, I'd like blueberry juice, if that's okay." Holly asked for.

"Fanta Fruit Twist, please." Lilly requested.

"Boo. I wanted us to go naked." Haley pouted in response to Kara's offer.

"Borrowing clothes would be fine, thank you." Lilly cut Haley off. "Although..." Lilly quietly said to herself as she saw Kara's growing breasts. She looked down at her own flat chest.

"I hope you've got things to fit us as well." Holly added on. "Haley will probably go through with what she said if you haven't." Holly blushed.

Kara again leaned close to Lilly.

"If you move you skirt upwards I'll do the same" Kara whispered back.

She was sitting close enough to Lilly that they couldn't be seen by the twins, Reaching down Kara pushed her skirt upwards a bit flashing Lilly some leg.

"I've never heard of child beer before?" Kara asked leaned back, As the maids took their orders Kara had just wanted some normal juice,

"Maybe, later Haley" Kara said. As she listened to what else was said and noticed Lilly looking at her chest.

"I should, have something for you girls" Kara mentioned she then thought of something.

"Um, we could all bathe together after the swimming?" Kara asked with a deeper blush.

"What?!" Lilly whispered back. "What are you saying?!" Lilly face turned bright red.

"Child Beer's great!" Haley answered with a huge smile. "It tastes great."

"Child Beer's a non-alcoholic form of beer specially designed for children. Some countries question its production by saying that it'll promote alcoholism but, on the other hand, some countries embrace it and allow it to be sold." Holly clarified. "However," Holly added as she looked over at Haley. "Some people still believe that it can get them drunk, despite its lack of alcohol content."

"Yay!" Haley cheered. "Naked time ~ " The other two gave her a glare and blushed.

"That's good." Holly answered.

"Group bath!" Haley beamed. "Group bonding." She added on with a sly smile.

"I wanna see you panties" Kara whispered back blushing she reached down and pushed her skirt to her waist showing Lilly her panties.

She listened again to what was said.

"Sounds like a weird thing if you ask me" She replied.

"I'm sure we will enjoy it would you like to help me wish myself Lilly?" Kara asked her as she looked over at her and winked. Before the maids came back with their drinks and asked what they wanted for breakfest.

"Why?" Lilly asked, her face beet red. "They're your panties so you should know what they look like."

"It is, kind of." Holly replied.

"That's a nice offer but the twins are younger so I need to make sure that they thoroughly wash themselves." Lilly quickly said, blushing bright red.

"Why? We're old enough to clean ourselves." Haley replied with a grin.

"Pancakes!" Haley shouted out when the maid asked them what they wanted.

"Because" Kara first says. liking seeing Lilly blush, "I'm asking you nicely, I know that but I wanna see how they look on you" Kara asked.

Kara told the maid what she wanted for breakfast and she left the room. A few minutes paseed before the maid returned with the pancakes,

"Maybe I could help? Um, if it's not to much trouble that is would you like to wash me thoroughly as well Lilly?" Kara asked.

Lilly didn't even answer. She just quickly lifted up the front of her skirt, left it there for around five seconds and then pushed it back down again.

"Happy?" Lilly asked.

"U-um, er.." Lilly couldn't reply to that. She just stammered like a fool.

"She'd love to!" Haley quickly cut in before Lilly could reply.

Kara was given a set of blue-berry pancakes. She started to eat them when she saw Lilly lift the front of her skirt. She enjoyed the show but then saw as Lilly pulled it down.

"Yes, Lilly I am though it should have been longer see mine?" Kara asked.

She heard what Haley had said next and smiled and blushed again between taking. Bites of her food she looked again at Lilly.

"That makes me really happy maybe I could return the favor?" Kara asked.

The pancakes were delivered. Lilly was given syrup pancakes with strawberry sauce, Haley had chocolate pancakes with chocolate sauce and Holly had syrup pancakes with toffee sauce.

"Well, that's all you're getting." Lilly replied with a huge blush. "Why would I want to see a girl's panties?" Lilly asked. Although, she couldn't help but feel like she did.

"Haley!" Lilly glared at Haley while hissing through gritted teeth.

"What? I thought you would." Haley answered innocently. She then turned back to Kara. "She'd also love that." She said with a wink.

Holly just sat quietly and ate her pancakes.

Kara ate her food bite for bite. As she listened to what was said between the pair.

"Okay, then: Kara replied at first aa she started on her drink. She looked at Lilly who was blushing a lot. "Was just wondering that's all" Kara replied again.

She then thought to the battle ahead.

"Oh, Lilly I;ve got something I'd like to show you I'm sure you will think it looks cute I hope" Kara says thinking of what Lilly would think of her new battle outfit.

She turned back and winked at Haley.

"So, what would all three girls like to do after our bath, each of you can pick out one thing to do" Kara says.

Lilly wasn't quite sure what to think of the change which had seemingly come over Kara in just one night. She started to eat her breakfast, occasionally looking at Kara in case something else changed.

"If you say so." Lilly answered.

"I don't mind. I'll go with whatever everyone else wants to do." Holly replied after a mouthful.

"As long as it's normal I don't mind." Lilly added on.

"I guess we could..." Haley thought about the options. "Ask if you could stay around ours." Haley suggested with a smile. "I want you to see Lilly at home. She's a lot different than in public."

Kara listened to what was said,

"It should be normal after all" Kara replied.

She had finally finished her meal and got up from the table and start to walk around. "That's a thought but it's going to have to wait since today is Sunday and we all have school starting tomorrow" Kara spoke.

She hoped Lilly again would like what she was going to use in their battle together. "Well, girls once we are done with breakfast I'll show you to the battleground" She says. Kara gives each of the girls a warm smile.

"The battlegrounds are located in an open forest area right behind our house it's got a small river running through it but I hope when you see it you'll all like it"

"How about next weekend?" Haley offered.

"Holly's still finish up." Lilly said. "She shouldn't be much longer." It appeared that Haley had wolfed down her food and Lilly was just finishing off the last piece of pancake. Holly still had about half a pancake left.

"Thank's for the food." Lilly said.

"Thanks!" Haley added on.

Holly nodded as she still had a mouthful of pancake.

A little while later, Holly had finished just as Kara was telling them about the battleground.

"A river..." Lilly said quietly. "That could be a slight problem for Holly and I."

Kara thought for a moment.

"Sure if it's not to much trouble" Kara answered back.

She waited for Holly to finish her meal. "You guys are welcome, here let's get going" Kara added. Once everyone else was fully done. She led the group out of the dining room and now a hallway past various other rooms. Until she reached the double wooden doors leading outside.

Opening them Kara walked outside. She led them down a small dirt path until they reached wild open field.

The area before them was a large grassy area with a few rolling hills in between several large. Trees could be seen which would give off cover to hide behind. A small follow little river ran down the middle of the grassy field where a small bridge could be seen, Here and there were various statues of ravens.

"This is it" Kara told them she walked forwards away from the group. Then turned to face each of them,

"Lilly I hope you like this" Kara said before using her magic to change her clothes. In a flash of white magic the clothes Kara wore changed into her new battle outfit the same one she had worn in her dream with Haley.

Kara wears purple beret hat with a black feather attached on the left hand side with the tip of the feather pointing backwards atop her head. On her shoulders are black feather spaulders with an emerald on each spaulder in the dead centre of each one. A black cape made from velvet with a purple interior. The cape is a full length one reaching the base of the rear and stopping just above her legs. The cape's lined with sliver silk and accented with a silver silken hem. On the back of the cape, in the middle of it, a symbol of a raven about to snatch up its prey is made up of silver silken thread and embellished beneath it in the same thread is the Ravenclaw family gem stone which is a blue calcite. Black angel-like wings are located in the small of the back between each shoulder blade.

A purple and white leotard with a small feathered base in a manner of reflecting that of a raven's down. The sides of the leotard are white. The front of the leotard is not covered up by the feathery down, just the back and sides are.Kara wears black half gauntlets inscribed with the same image as the back if the cape. Detached sleeves, with the same colouring and style as the leotard. Are near both of Kara's shoulders. Upon each hand are black fingerless gloves with purple hem. With a raven feather pattern before the fingers.

On both of Kara's legs are purple knee-high socks, The tops of the socks, where the knees are, has the same raven feather pattern as the rest of the outfit. On her feet are two purple mid-thigh high boots with black feathered wings on the ankles stretching back in the style of most winged boots. Wings will be held to the ankles with a golden button inscribed with the raven logo.

Blushing she asked. "Um, what do you guys think?"

The group reached the battlefield shortly after setting out from the dining room. Kara then changed into her new battle outfit.

Haley just giggled as she had seen it before.

"You look like a raven." Lilly stated. "Better watch that those feathers don't tickle you while you're fighting as that may cause a slight problem."

"Very dark." Holly answered. "Like an opposite Lilly."

Lilly looked around at the battlefield.

"This is a nice area. You sure you want to use it for battle?" Lilly asked.

Kara blushed as she listened to what Lilly had first said.

"T-Thank you it won't happen that won't happen" Kara replied with a blush.

Watching as Lilly looked around the area.

"This area will be used but, I have something in mind," She added.

With both hands now outstretched Kotori started to chant softly. A white glow began to form around her hands as a small square appeared. Placing her hands into the air the square seemed to grow bigger and expanded much like what happened on the bridge.

Kotori had moved them to another area. One which was still the same but wouldn't see this current area wasted. She also started to feel the first stages of needing to pee.

"A pocket dimension for battle to take part in. Good idea." Holly said without realising it.

"Huh?!" Haley asked. "What is a what now?!"

"Pocket Dimensions: A form of magic which can allow one to create an alternate reality set apart but during the current reality. It can serve as a protective forcefield to prevent harm coming to a person who's been gravely wounded or it may provide a safe place to store items of importance like Phylactery's or treasure." Holly defined. "It can also be used to create a place for battle to take part without breaking the surrounding place to pieces. It's good to do before battle in heavily populated areas so no innocents can be harmed."

Holly's bunny ears and bunny tail started to materialise during her explanation.

"Did you swallow a dictionary along with your pancakes?" Haley asked. "What are you going on about?"

Lilly couldn't believe what she was hearing from Holly.

The pocket dimension was finally and fully created, As she then heard Holly speak up she was surprised that Holly knew about this sort of stuff.

"How, did you know about these things. Isn't this the first time you've seen one?" Kotori asked as she heard Holly explain just what it was fully along with seeing her bunny ears and tail appear. She then looked over at Haley then to Lilly.

"I agree just what is going on?" Kotori asked she still wasn't sure what to make of all of this.

"Well, yes, it is. It's just that it suddenly popped into my mind for some reason." Holly replied looking a little puzzled.

"Holly's always been the smarter of the two." Lilly joked with a laugh.

"Hey! What's that supposed to mean?!" Haley asked. "I'm only ever three points behind her in tests! I'm Number two in my class!"

Haley was getting a little annoyed with Lilly for her jibe. Haley focused her magic, creating the small ears and tail of a cat on her person, and created a small illusionary waterfall next to Lilly, who seemed to squirm around in response.

"S-stop it!" Lilly told Haley. "I was just joking!"

Holly's ears perked up as she saw the illusionary waterfall. She looked at it for a short while and more words appeared in her head.

"Create Illusion: The caster imagines what they want to create in their head and then focuses on who they want to witness the illusion. The caster then imagines the illusion come to life and focuses on where the want it to appear. The illusion is then created and the subject the illusion was created for can witness the illusion. It is normally a magic used for misdirection or practical jokes." Holly defined unknowingly. "Wait, what?" Holly added on the end with a confused look.

"Control of powers seems to be better in Haley than Holly." Lilly said as she tried to block the illusion out. She still couldn't help but fidget from a growing need for the toilet, though. "Maybe this fight will help them?"

Kotori listened to all that was said. 'Well, that just seems weird" Kotori first said. She then heard the little mini joking fight between everyone. Kara's own needs for the toilet increased once she saw Haley create the waterfall near Lilly she saw as Lilly fidgeted around. Hoping that it would mean what she thought it would.

She then heard Holly again go off about what Illusion magic seemed to be. Kara thought of something for a few moments.

"Hmm, it seems you suddenly knew just what type of magic Haley just used and gave off it's effects when used strange?" Kara said. She then looked back at Lilly. "Maybe this will help them out seeing as first Holly doesn't know much about my own powers not sure about yours" She added.

Backing away from everyone. "Well, Lilly you better get changed, Haley and Holly. I'm not sure if you guys have battle outfits like Lilly and I but it would be best of you changed into something as I don;t want to ruin your guys clothes?" Kara asked.

"Tell me about it." Holly replied. This was just all too strange for her. She had never been able to do it before so what made now any different?

"I know I've got one but I'm not sure about the girls." Lilly said before she allowed herself to be engulfed in white flames and change into her battle outfit.

"Me next!" Haley called out as she imagined her outfit from the night before in her head. After a few seconds, she appeared to shatter out of existence. This evoked a startled and worried look from both Holly and Lilly. After a few seconds, Haley reappeared behind the two in her red and gold China Dress. "Behind you!" She called out to the two, who turned around. "What do you think? Pretty neat, huh?" Haley said as she gave a twirl, which caused her tiny dress to flip up and reveal her naked body.

"P-p-panties?!" Lilly stammered out with a blush. "Where are your panties?!"

"I dunno, this dress doesn't seem to come with any." Haley chuckled.

Holly wondered if she could do the same. She focused on the ears and tail, which were still on her, and thought about what her own outfit could be. She was suddenly covered in small wavy patters which seemed to cover her whole body. They were a mixtures of blues, silvers and whites. The patterns then seemed to settle into a set pictures, which was later formed as Holly in her magical outfit.

Holly also wore a China Dress like Haley, except Holly's was blue and silver. The base of the dress was the same, stretching down to just above the crotch and just covering what was needed. Holly's bunny ears were in all their glory resting on the top of her head. Her long blonde hair, like Haley's, was tied into two buns with a length of silver thread. On the right hand side of the dress, emblazoned in silver thread, was an effigy of the Hare of Inaba. Beneath the dress, unlike Haley, Holly seemed to be wearing silver silk panties, which were string tied at the sides. Her legs were bare and she also wore no socks. On her feet were blue buckled shoes. Around her neck rested a small white furry collar and white furry wristbands were around her wrists.

Holly looked over the change which happened and blushed bright red.

"Why is my dress so small?!" She asked as she tried to pull it further down her body.

"Cuteness Factor: Super Cute!" Haley cried out as she dived on her sister. "We match! We match!" The jump from Haley raised up the back of her dress.

"Okay, first let's try and see if it happens again?" Kara closed her eyes. A light breeze began to blow across the grassy area soon the strength of the wind picked up. Turning into a gale neither Kara or Lilly or even the twins were effected by the wind. It was mainly a way of trying to help Holly understand just what sort of power she had. After about a minutes the gale force wind started to die down. She she saw Lilly change into her battle outfit.

Then her gaze shifted over to Haley who transformed as well. She had seen this outfit before and blushed at seeing Haley's naked body again. She got a clear veiw of her peach and Kara started to shift around. As a tiny wet spot started to form on the crotch of her leotard. As she was starting to get wet by just looking at Haley's tender spot.

She then watched as Holly went through a similar moment as well. She looked upon Holly's new clothes her gaze shifted to Holly's crotch area and she quickly looked away. As the wet spot seemed to start to grow again as her lips to her peach were opening.

"Um, Holly you look very cute, so do you H-Haley" Kara stammered out blushing a deep red.

Holly's sensors kicked off again as she defined, to the best of her knowledge, what Kara did.

"Control Wind: Caster can control the wind freely and speed up, slow down or stop the wind at their command. The wind can also increase in concentration in certain places and become like cutting blades at the caster's command." Holly defined. "How can I stop this?!" She added on with a frown.

"Thanks!" Haley said as she smiled back at Kara.

"Thank you, I suppose." Holly said as she squirmed around from nervousness. "It's too revealing for my liking."

Lilly also could't help but stare at both Holly and Haley's outfits. Lilly longed to see Haley's tender spot again. She hoped that Kara's wind would blow up her skirt during the battle.

"Now that we are all ready, what will the teams be?" Lilly asked as she turned back to Kara.

Kara listened to what was said.

"Interesting, as it just happened again I'm not sure how you can stop it" Kara explained. She looked over at Haley and Holly.

"Your both welcome" Kara admitted. She hoped neither anyone would see the small wet spot on the front of her leotard. She wanted a much closer look at Holly's panties and crotch area again. Plus she longer to see Haley's peach again.

"Um, well should we have it as me and either Holly or Haley on my team against you and one of them? Or should we go with you and me against both of them?" Kara asked.

"I think the veterans should be paired up with the novices so we can offer them help." Lilly suggested. "I think that it'll be kind of unfair to pitch both of us against the two of them."

"Let's draw straws." Holly suggested. "It sounds fair and it helps to prevent voluntary unbalancing."

"I want Lilly." Haley said. "Just so Kara can blow my skirt up." Haley added on with a sly smile. "I'm sure we'd all love that. I like to feel the breeze down there."

"Straws!" Lilly quickly cut in. "Why would we want to see that?!" Lilly asked with a blush.

"I dunno..." Haley answered innocently. "I just thought that you would."

Kara listened to what was said.

"Okay, that will work out" She said.

With out hand Kara created four straws out of pour magic and held them in her hand. She blushed when Haley wanted Lilly on her team. Then the idea with the wind and all.

"Maybe, but I'll try not to do that" Kara lied.

She walked forwards and held the straws before them. "Ok, Lilly goes first then Holly followed by Haley then myself. Which ever has the same type of straw which has a color on it will be on the same team. The other people who have a clear color straw will be on the other team" Kara answered.

"Okay." Lilly said as she picked the first straw.

"My turn." Holly said as she picked the second straw.

"Third Straw's mine!" Haley announced as she picked her straw.

They each looked at their straws.

Lilly's had a red mark on.

"Mine's red." Lilly told the group.

The other straws still needed to be announced.

"Okay here I go" Kara pulled back her hand which reveal a clear straw.

She looked over and saw that Lilly had a red one.

Looking at the twins she wondered just who could have the other clear straw.

"Well, which ever one of you has a clear one will be on my team and who ever has the red one will be on Lilly's team" Kara said.

"I get Lilly!" Haley announced happily as she dived onto Lilly. "Blow my skirt up, please." She said to Kara.

"I've got you, Kara." Holly said as she moved towards Kara. "Please take good care of me." She added with a slight curtsey.

"So, teams have been decided now." Lilly started. "What will be the rules of engagement? Should we stop after a certain period of time or will there be other reasons for stopping?"

Blushing at Haley's remark Kara said nothing as she turned and saw Holly walking over to her.

"I promise nothing bad shall happen to you, I hope that maybe we can help each other out during this?" Kara asked, As she leaned down and patted Holly on the head.

She turned away and looked over at Lilly and Haley.

"The battle shall last for sixty minutes. each team with have twenty life points. Meaning each person will have ten apiece. Small attacks will cause one point of damage while larger ones two points." Kara answer at first.

"If a team member loses all their points they will be knocked out of the fight and their team will lose the battle. There's no killing, or trying to injury your foe this is a friendly match to help Haley and Holly better understand and learn to control their new powers" Kara added.

She looked over at Holly.

"Um, try and think of me as your teacher during this I'll try and help you out anyway I can"

"So, each team member will have 10 health, leading to a team total of 20. If one team member gets knocked out then they can't fight. Can the other member still continue leading to a last man standing kind of thing or do you need to make sure your team doesn't lose a member?" Lilly asked.

"So, hit the other team and don't get hit. Easy!" Haley stated.

"Don't cause harm to opponents and protect team members." Holly garnered from the rules. "I guess we've kind of got the advantage as I can cancel out Haley's illusions."

"Who will start?" Lilly asked.

Kara thought for a moment as Lilly spoke.

"Yes, the last team member remaining can still fight against their foes. But you should also make sure not to lose your other team member seeing as how you'd be at a disadvantage when fighting" Kara answered.

She turned over to Holly.

"Yes, that's it also you shouldn't use you really strong spells right off the bat as you'll drain yourself of magical power. Try and balance them out between small attacks and big attacks. If you know that you've got your foe cornered try a big attack" Kara offered.

She then looked back at Lilly and Haley. "We will start off" She told them.

Looking back down at Holly she said.

"Okay, which person do you want to fight against Haley or Lilly?" Kara asked. As the wind around them started to pick up.

Explanations aside, it seemed that Kara's group would be starting.

"Well, to keep things fair, I think that I should go up against Haley but, considering that I can see through her tricks, I still think that we'd be at a major advantage there." Holly replied. "It's kind of hard to decide so I don't think that we should pick a particular rival to fight against. I think we should try to support each other as much as possible."

"I agree with Holly." Lilly added in. "We shouldn't single out a target. If we do, then the twins won't really learn that much as they'll be up against each other and they're still learning about their powers."

"I wanna fight Kara! I like the wind." Haley suggested.

"No." Lilly cut Haley off.

Lilly readied her weapons when Kara increased the wind speed. Lilly created two shortswords to dual-wield.

The shortswords had gold handles with rubies embedded in them The pommel of the sword was a large ruby gem. The length of the blades, like most shortswords, were around 20 inches long. The blades were pure silver and they had a red flame pattern snaking along the edge of them.

"So, white moves first?" Lilly joked based on the colour of the straws they drew.

As the wind speed, picked up Kara looked back over at Holly.

"Okay, that seems fair" Kara answers. She looks over at the other group then back at Holly. "I'll do my best to support you, though I'm still wondering just what sort of powers do you have like what can you do?" Kara asked.

She turned to face Lilly when she heard her speak out.

"Sorry, about that but I guess your right after all" Kara called out.

"Let's see if this will help you out" Kara says.

With the wind pciking up speed Kara brought her hands together slowly the wind. Began to blow around them as it started to cover their bodies both like a suit of armor. "This will act like a shield for us, we can move around freely and attack at will. This shield can other take two attacks though before it fades away so do your best not to get hit" Kara told Holly.

Turning back, she looked over at Haley. "I can try and take out the weaker one first, but Lilly is a problem?" Kara thought. Pointing her hand forward she created small blades of wind which she shot over at the pair.

"I still don't know myself what I can do yet." Holly answered.

"So, we've got another advantage of a shield." Holly stated. "Lilly can do something similar but I think it's not quite as potent."

A strange though popped into Holly's head. The thought showed her enveloped in a purple translucent shield. She wondered just what this might mean. A name of sorts seemed to accompany this thought, the name was 'Mage Armour'.

"Mage Armour." Holly cast in response to the thought. The same shield appeared around her now. She turned to Kara. "I'm not sure what this would do but I think it'll help." The definition then popped into her mind. "I think it will offer me protection against one harmful spell but it doesn't last that long." //Mage Armour will last for two more rounds. Average time of a round is 6 seconds.\\

"Firewall!" Lilly cast as the blades came closer. The wind was then sent upwards in the thermal currents of the fire. "Pay attention!" Lilly told Haley, who seemed to be lost in thought.

"Some strange thing popped into my head. It told me to say some words but only when I was in front of an opponent." Haley answered. "I'll try it." She then ran forwards past the wall of fire and seemingly teleported in front of Holly.

"Mirage!" Haley called out as a number of copies of her appeared all around Holly.

"Yes, I've got a few other things I can do but I don't want to use them until the time is right" Kara stated. As she heard Holly cast a spell which seemed to be just like the one she had cast earlier.

"Then you best put it to good use" Kara replied.

Turning back she saw the wind being drawn into the fire Lilly created and then. Saw as Haley ran forwards and telported right before Holly. Only to make several copies of herself looking over at Holly quickly.

"Becareful, each and everyone can attack without pause but it's easy to knock them out. Though it's also hard to find which one of them is the real one. If you can find the real Haley you should be able to knock the spell out" Kara called over to her.

Turning back towards Lilly.

"I'm wanted to fight against you again my friend" Kara smiled with a blush on her cheeks.

"Bone Gale" Kara casts she gathers the wind between her hands then shoots two tornados at Lilly.

Holly was not fazed by the copies Haley created. She heard Kara tell her about the copies but the text in her head also defined them.

"These copies can cause no damage. This is a distraction created so Haley can hit me." Holly sent, via telepathy, to Kara. Holly then looked at each copy and saw that the only one which didn't look faded was the one to her left. This must be the real Haley.

"Arcane Barrage." Holly cast as several small purple bolts shot towards the Haley on her left, who seemed to be startled by Holly's immediate recognition.

Haley quickly evaded the blow but the bolts still followed her. It appeared that this was a targeted attack. Haley could evade them for a short while but she'll still be hit if she didn't do something.

"Need a little help here!" She shouted over to Lilly.

"Spiral Cutter." Lilly cast. She cloaked herself in fire and jumped into one of the tornadoes heading towards her. The fire parted the wind currents and allowed Lilly to ride the reverse currents to Kara's location. The flames surrounding Lilly died down as she reached the peak of the attack. Lilly was spinning around in a clockwise manner with her two swords extended like an arrowhead towards Kara.

Haley thought for a moment as the arcane bolts came towards her. Images popped into her head while she thought. She saw herself controlling a giant shield made of magic to block the bolts.

"Illusionary Weapon: Aegis!" Haley cast as a large shield appeared in front of her. The shield looked like a crystal in light. It glowed a rainbow of colours as it blocked the bolts. Haley the saw herself using the shield as a weapon against her opponent. It appeared she had control of her shield freely as long as she concentrated on it.

Kara got the message that Holly had sent her inside her head. "Okay but still becareful" Kara returned the thought. She turned her full attention back towards Lilly.

Who seemed to cloak herself in fire then jump into one of the tornadoes. She seemed to ride it towards her which took Kara by surprise. "I didn't know you could do that" Kara called out to her. Yet once Lilly got out into the open again. The flames died down and she spun around towards her like an arrow head.

Not having much time to dodge Kara jumped to the side. She felt the blades strike her body three times. Her small shield around her shattered and she felt herself losing one life point which meant. She had only nine left. Thinking quickly she sent a message back towards Holly "maybe this will help you out?" She says.

"Shadow" Kara cast over at Holly who would begin to feel herself turn invisble for only around a minute she'd have to use this well.

"Void Breath" Kara cast as the wind around her picked up speed soon Kara jumped into the air and started to ride the wind. Currents around the area it seemed that the whole battlefield the wind was blowing like crazy. It wasn't having any effect on Holly, But was also blowing up Haley's skirt yet as Kara rode the wind she gathered them to her hands.

"Gale." Kara yelled out as she brought both hands together and sent a strong gale force wind at Lilly.

Seems like Haley had a trick up her sleeve. Holly was not surprised by this. She looked over the current situation which Haley was in and calculated the best course of action. She noticed that Haley was quite close to the trees. If she could knock one of the down then that'll put Haley out in the open. She knew, through the text in her mind, that Haley could freely control the shield if she wanted to. She waited for the perfect time to strike. During this, she prepared a spell which should take out the base of the tree.

Haley wondered why Holly had yet to make a move. She stayed behind her shield and did nothing. She did just take the advantage by making a shield, or so she thought.

The spinning attack seemed to strike Kara. Getting the first blow again caused Lilly to become complacent as normal. She didn't bother reacting when Kara rode the wind currents away.

Holly felt herself become invisible. Had Kara done this? She took this opportunity to make her move. She edged in closer to her attack point and hid in the shadow of one of the trees. //One minute is ten rounds, you know? I'm going by the 6 seconds=1 round rule.\\ //Mage Armour has faded from Holly\\

Haley was too busy taking in the scenery to know that Holly had gone invisible.

When Lilly felt the wind pick up speed behind her, she knew that Kara had aimed an attack at her. Taken by surprise, Lilly created a platform of magic under herself in which she back-flipped off and did a full turn in the air. The wind still made contact with Lilly. It sheered her clothes a little as she flipped over it. If Kara looked closely now, she might be able to see the small pink tip of Lilly's right nipple through the small tear in the fabric of her Leotard.

Perfect moment for Holly. The wind picked up speed and blew up Haley's skirt. She knew that Haley would love that so she would be distracted. She used a little of her magic to redirect and concentrate the wind speed on the base of the tree.

"Shatter." Holly recited as the wind made contact with the base of the tree. It creaked and toppled towards Haley's location.

Haley loved that Kara had taken into her account of blowing up her skirt. She giggled as she felt the wind caress the bare lips of her tender spot. She was taken by surprise when she heard the toppling tree to her left. She quickly moved her shield to block the tree.

"Sneaky!" She shouted out as she knew that it must have been Holly who planned this. She did have the knack to stay calm in most planned situations after all. This little movement of her shield left her flanks open for attack.

"Haley's open! Pincer move!" Holly sent to Kara as she moved to Haley's exposed back.

Kara watched the events take place before her, She saw the effect her attack had on Lilly. Turning away Kara rode the winds forward and watched as Holly disappeared from sight she saw Haley's exposed peach again as the wind blew up her skirt. Blushing she shook the thoughts out of her mind. She landed upon the ground again not far.

From where the fallen tree had struck the ground. Hearing Holly's reply back to her. She knew what to do.

"Okay stand clear" Kara sent back.

She started to gather the wind around her arms and body. Strong winds began to blow across the field as the tickled Haley's tender spot.

'Clap of Thunder" Kara yelled as she brought both hands together in a claping motion. Soona single bolt of lightning was created that shot over to Haley's back. Thinking again about before Kara decided to try something else.

"Enlighten" Kara cast upon Holly. This spell would increase her intelligence and wisdom, ability to concentrate etc. For 6 seconds meaning she'd be much smarter than she normally would be.

"Use this spell wisely as it makes you smarter and you have a greater wisdom on what you can do" Kara sent her.

"Arcane pulse!" Holly cast at Haley, who was still caught under the tree. A small pulse of purple magic shot towards Haley. Holly had aimed the attack a little wide for safety reasons. The pulse skimmed past Haley and hit with a glancing blow.

Haley felt the arcane pulse shoot by her. She knew she had lost 1 hit point from the glancing attack.

"Ow! Meanie!" She shouted to Holly, who was now visible.

"All is fair in love and war." Holly replied with a smile. "You do know that this was a set up, right?"

"Huh? How come?!" Haley replied.

"Look at the base of the tree."

Haley looked past her shield and saw that the base of the tree was supported by purple chains. It was never going to fall on her.

"Cheap move!" Haley shouted back as she put her shield towards Holly.

Holly moved to the side as Kara instructed. A clap of thunder then shot through the sky towards Haley, who turned when she heard the noise. Haley quickly put the shield in front of her to block the lightening.

Lilly was about to vault towards the retreating Kara when she heard the lightening. She screamed and quickly covered her ears. The loss of momentum caused her to start to fall to the ground. She hit the ground with a bump, losing 1 life point from the fall.

"No!" Lilly screamed out.

Holly felt a little more knowledgeable about her powers now. She knew how she'd use this.

"A little unfair using lightning, you know. Lilly terrified of it." Holly sent to Kara as she prepared her next spell.

Kara had heard what Holly had to tell her. "I'm sorry about that" Kara sent to her she turned back to face Lilly.

"I'm sorry Lilly" Kara called out to her. Yet seeing as Lilly wasn't defended herself Kara decided to attack her.

"Obeyance" Kara cast upon Lilly if her mind was weakened enough Kara would be able to enslave her mind for 6 seconds. Though if her mind was still strong the spell wouldn't work. Thinking of what to do she remembered Lilly's dream from last night she decided to make her remember just how wet her panties got last night. Meaning she was trying to get Lilly into a horny like state.

Looking back at Holly.

"I'm trying to enslave her mind if it works you can attack her" Kara sent her.

She turned over to Haley.

"Dimensional Anchor." Holly cast at Haley. A purple chain shot forth from Holly's hand to wrap around Haley before disappearing. This spell with prevent Haley from teleporting for three rounds. It would also prevent her from going invisible for the same amount of time.

"Surely that would break the spell? Why not use her to attack Haley?" Holly suggested.

Lilly was in no state to fight against the control of Kara's spell. She was powerless to resist.

Haley tried to teleport away but she couldn't. Every time she tried she'd only remain in the same spot.

"What's all this about?! Why can't I flash away?!" Haley asked nobody in particular.

"I've locked you to this dimension. You can't swap planes until it wears off." Holly explained.

Haley had just about had enough of Holly's tricks. She turned away from Kara.

Haley then moved her shield towards Holly and commanded it to slam into her.

"Shield Bash!" Haley ordered the shield as it flew towards Holly.

Kara heard what Holly had to say to her. Her about Using Lilly to attack Haley.

"That can work, but I was also wanting her to be embarrassed as well" Kara sent back. Deciding to go with Holly's plan Kara made Lilly stand up.. Then run over towards Haley and have her attack her.

"Explosion" Lilly cast creating a minor explosion in the palm of her hand. Which she would cast upon Haley's chest.

Kara also seeing that Haley was bound to the ground. Went through her own attack upon her.

"Shatter the Earth! Hear the roar of the Wind God that reduces everything to a cloud of dust!" Kara summons a tremendous tornado that would ensnare an Haley after Lilly's attack and in its center and shatters the opponent with its extreme wind power. Meaning Haley if hit would lose two life points.

Holly, taken slightly by surprise from Haley's lack of concern for Kara, couldn't quite move away in time for the shield to not hit her, It slammed into her and knocked her to the floor. She took two hit points of damage and was now winded and prone.

Haley then felt the burst of fire magic behind her and was shot forwards. Haley had now lost a further two hit points, leaving her at seven.

Lilly had just come to her senses after her attack on Haley. It was't the best course of action but it did jet her forwards and out of the range of Kara's attack. Lilly could block this attack.

"Burning Veil!" Lilly cast. Her body was cloaked in white flames. The wind tore into Lilly instead of Haley, as Haley was now a few feet away. Lilly's veil helped to reduce the impact of the blow, causing it to only deal 1 hit point of damage.

Haley, still a little winded from the impact of the explosion, manage to pick herself up. She was kind of angry at Lilly for her friendly fire against her but she was also kind of pleased that she hadn't been ripped into by the wind. That wind looked bad.

She turned towards the prone Holly and prepared her next attack.

"Pulverise!" She cast towards Holly, who was still on the floor. The shield lifted to above Holly. It would then compress her against the ground like a car crusher, which would deal two more hit points damage next turn.

Kara watched all the events take place before her. Thinking quickly as a way to save Holly from harm. Kara knew what to do "Teleportion" Kara cast. Kara quickly swapped places with Holly. Reappearing where Holly was and Holly to where Kara had been moments ago.

She felt the shield atop her body. She felt her body being crushed as she cried out. She felt herself losing two life points meaning she had seven left. Yet also inside part of her mind Kara started to remember her magic lessons with her father. Of the time when she was helpless and powerless against him.

"No, No" Kara cried out in fear as she remembered these memories.

At the last second, Kara swapped places with Holly and placed herself under this shield. This took Haley by surprise at first. She then heard Kara shout something under the shield just before it disappeared, leaving Haley open for attack.

Holly was now on the floor in front of Lilly. She knew that if she tried to move she'd likely get attacked. Thinking quickly, Holly considered what spells she had when one suddenly popped into her mind.

"Backbiter!" Holly cast before she got up. This spell meant that the next attack against the caster would harm the attacker instead. This spell lasted until the next attack hit Holly.

Lilly, seeing how Holly was focusing on getting up, decided to take a chance to attack her, not knowing the effects of the spell she just cast. Lilly tried a basic slash against Holly as a free action. Before the blade made contact with Holly, it turned and slashed into Lilly's arm instead. This was a weak attack so it only hit Lilly for 1 hit point, leaving her with seven. Lilly yelped in surprise when she saw her own blade turn on herself.

"What?!" She called out as she hoped for a clarification from the resident expert in magic.

"Backbiter: The caster is shielded from the next successful attack made against them. The attack's damage will be dealt to the attacker instead of the caster." Holly recited to Lilly. "Good for potential chances like that one. Oh and, by the way, it lasts until an attack hits, which means that misses won't trigger it and remove it."

Lilly was surprised at how well Holly was developing in her magical capabilities.

"I think I can go all out on you now." Lilly smiled to Holly. She then prepared a spell to cast.

The sheild fadded and Kara quickly got up her memories still locked to that of her past. Shaking her head her mind became clear again. She looked at Haley who seemed to be open for attack at the moment.

Thinking Kara ran behind Haley. Spotting Holly and Lilly in the distance she decided on a attack to use.

"Fist of Wind" Kara cast She sent off a force of wind at Haley which would send her flying through the air. Hopefully with the next part of the plan Kara then sent Holly something.

"Duck" Kara sent her.

If Haley could get herself out of her being sent flying she would be knocked into Lilly.

Looking down at the ground Kara memories returned to her past but these ones were different than before.

Haley was lifted off her feet as she was sent plummeting through the air towards Lilly. Holly seemed to duck for cover as Haley flew closer to Lilly.

"Dispersion!" Haley cast. She disappeared just before she hit into Lilly. A few seconds later, she reappeared again and went flying towards a tree.

Lilly, noticing the flying Haley, also ducked for cover just before Haley blinked away. She then felt her presence re-materialise behind her. As Holly was ducking for cover, Lilly took this opportunity to turn towards Haley.

"Flame Sphere." Lilly cast on Haley, who was then cloaked in a ball of fire. Lilly directed the ball away from the tree and towards the ground where she gently placed the ball down before dismissing it. Lilly then quickly turned back to combat.

Holly, ducking for cover, took this momentary ceasefire from Lilly to prepare her next spell. Going by Kara's advice, she was sure that it was the right time for this. She sent something to Kara.

"Stay at least ten feet away from me for now. I've got an idea."

Haley, picking herself off the ground, was really starting to get annoyed with the amount of pain she was forced to take. Her ears twitched and her tail waved around in an angry motion. She concentrated hard on breaking down the barrier between illusion and reality.

Kara pictured herself again in the middle of the town square again covered in the blood. Of those she had killed. She started to picture her real self there looking at her hands, Which seemed now to be covered in blood. Kara screamed in fear and dropped to her kness in fright.

"Go away, go away" Kara screamed.

Kara seemed to hear Holly's voice in her mind but it was only a faint sound. She was lost in her own little world. She then felt blood splashing on her face and clothes. She could see the cold emotionless face of herself standing before her.

"No, NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" Kara screamed in fear. Tears started to fall down her cheeks.

Again looking at the dead bodies she saw them get up. Each body badly beaten and torn apart blood dripping down the many cuts on their bodies each pair of faces lifeless.

"No, NOOO, Go away go away" Kara cried in fear.

Kara's screaming attracted the attention of all three girls. Combat aside, they all wondered just what was wrong with her.

"Kara?!" Lilly called out in concern.

"Kara?!" Holly called out in worry as she ran to Kara's side.

"Kara?!" Haley asked as she dismissed the feelings of anger as they were overruled by concern for Kara.

All three ran to Kara's side.

"What's wrong?" Lilly asked as she held Kara close.

"Is she having a breakdown?" Haley asked as she reached the group.

"What's wrong?" Holly asked, worry clear in her voice.

As the three girls ran over to Kara and asked what was wrong. Kara heard neither of their voices all she saw before her were three girls each in the size of Lilly and the twins. Yet they were all cut up and bloodied.

"Get, get away I didn't mean to kill them. please" Kara called out in fear as she backed away.

Yet the three girls got closer to her. They reached out with their hands and grabbed her rooms and legs. Kara cried out in fear as she felt blood splash against her body.

"Blood, blood no!" Kara screamed.

Both Holly and Lilly had no idea what was wrong with Kara. Haley, however, knew just what it was. She remembered the pained thoughts of Kara regarding what had happened to her. She also knew the way around this. She placed her hands on the side of Kara's head and requested something of Holly.

"Know any sleep spells?" She asked. Holly shook her head. She didn't know if she did or not. Lilly, however, knew just what to do.

"Hearthfire." She cast on Kara. Would Kara fight its effects?

Kara was still backing away from the bodies. Her real self felt a spell cast upon her, In her paniced state it seemed to work quickly she fell gently to the ground as the sleep spell tooks it's effects upon her body. Kara drifted over into a deep sleep.

Inside her dreams she was thrust back into the ones of when she had lost her mother as a child. She was again in the bedroom shaking her mom to try and awaken her. Her whole body was covered in blood.

"Mommy, Mommy wake up please" Kara cried as tears fell like rain down her cheeks.

Every few minutes she was sent back into the town's square were again she was covered in blood. Standing among the bodies of those she had killed. Blood covered the ground and her leotard.

"No, I didn't mean to make it stop" Kara sobbed.

There was no dream door this time inside of Kara's mind once Haley and the others entered they would see and know everything.

*009*2014-06-19 01:20

Here is the next chapter for you all so enjoy.

Chapter 7: Kara's Painful Past

The spell seemed to work. Haley turned to Lilly.

"Put me to sleep, too." Haley requested. Lilly complied and cast the same spell on Haley. She made no attempt to fight it.

Once asleep, she was inside Kara's dream. She tried to find Kara again to repeat what she did the night before. She searched high and low for Kara and found her on the bed with the body of the woman again. She went over to Kara and placed both her her hands on the sides of Kara's head.

"It's only me." She said to Kara. "Imagine where you want to be and keep that thought strong."

Kara was still busy shaking her mom awake her body still covered in blood. He felt a gentle pair of hands touch her head. A familiar voice seemed to speck to her if a soft yet gentle tone.

"H-Haley?" Kara asked.

She started to follow the directions of what Haley had offered. Thinking on something the bedroom changed soon the pair found themselves. In a room where another Kara was together with Lilly, Another Haley and Holly.

They each sat on a girl. All three girls were smiling to Kara.

"You never have to be alone again I will always be by your side I loved you dearly" Lilly said.

"As to I my sweetest angel I don't like seeing you alone as it makes me sad" Holly replied.

"The same you make my life so wonderful and everyday I spent with you is like a dream" Haley said back.

The other Kara had tears in her eyes.

"I don't know what to say I love you all so very much" Other Kara said.

"So you want to be with all of us?" Real Haley asked in response to the sudden change of scenery. "Lilly's likely to feel the same way, too. Holly's starting to warm up to you and I know that I'd like it as well."

Haley looked at the small group in the centre of the room. She looked at each person in turn and smiled to herself.

"I'm sure we'll all love it if that happened." Haley said as she finished her rounds.

Back in the real world, Holly and Lilly watched over the sleeping pair on the floor and worried about what might happen to them.

"Yes, I don't want to be alone or afraid anymore" Real Kara said as she watched the pair before her. Still looking at each girl who shifted around in their seats she looked back at Real Haley.

"I want to be loved and touched, I'd like to feel pleasure and security" Real Kara added. As she reached over and took Real Haley's hand. She pulled Real Haley close and gave her a large hug.

"I really like you Haley I've never felt this way about someone before. I want to always be with you and your sisters" Real Kara mentioned.

In the real world Kara started to cry softly as tears flowed down her cheeks.

Back in her dream world the scene shifted again. This time Dream Kara stood in a room alone yet each girl soon walked up to her and smiled and wrapped their arms around her.

"We will always be here for you Kara we all love you and always will" They all said.

Real Kara broke down in tears, "I love each of you so much" Real Kara had said.

In the real world again Kara mumbled something.

"I love you, Haley, I love you Holly, I love you Lilly"

"I'd also like that to happen but..." Haley went on to say. She remembered some thing which she read of her Mother a while ago. She remembered the feud between the Ravenclaws and the Seras. "...I don't think that can happen." Haley quietly added on.

The scene changed to another room where each sister hugged Kara, who was hugging the real Haley.

"I love you too, Kara." Haley whispered to Kara as she gave he a kiss on the cheek.

In the real world, Holly and Lilly noticed the change which came over Kara's sleeping body. She appeared to be crying. Whether they were tears of sadness or tears of joy, the two didn't know. Kara then seemed to mumble that she loved each of them. Lilly didn't know what to feel, she just held Kara in a hug as tears started to gently trickle down her cheeks as well. Holly did the same but with a little more passion.

Real Kara was still holding onto Real Haley. She heard her voice trail off she didn't hear the quiet part of what Haley had said.

"Please, promise we I'll never be alone?" Real Kara asked.

As Kara looked back at each sister was hugging her. She looked back at Real Haley. "There's some stuff I need to tell everyone it's about my past can we return to the real world?" Real Kara asked.

In the real world Kara felt herself being hugged. She seemed to mumble something once again.

"I don't want to be alone anymore" She said.

Real Kara needed to gather the courage for what she was going to say to them all.

Haley felt really bad for what she was about to say next. Considering the escalation of the feud, she might not be able to keep this promise.

"I promise." Haley replied.

"When you're ready, just let go of the dream. I'll follow along as well." Haley replied.

Kara didn't want to be alone and Holly and Lilly didn't want to lose her. They stayed hugging her until she woke up.

Kara heard what Haley had to say to her. She hoped Haley's promise was real and not turn into a lie later.

Following her directions. Kara soon woke up.

In the real world her felt both Lilly and Holly hugging her, Smiling she leaned up and hugged them both in return.

Releasing her hug. Kara looked them both in the eyes.

"Um, this is going to be hard for me but I need to tell you about my past about the day I lost my Mother and the day where I killed three people in revenge" Kara told them.

"Way to break the ice." Lilly said. "You've been lost in some nightmarish delusions and screaming at the top of your lungs and now you lay this on us?"

"That sounds horrible." Holly replied with a slight sad look. "Don't worry us like that again."

"Um, I've known about this since yesterday. Please don't be mad at me." Haley quietly said to Lilly.

"So, that battle's called off for now? Let's call it a tie." Lilly suggested. "Holly's a quick learner but Haley's full of surprises."

"Let's go into the house." Holly suggested as she changed her outfit back to her normal clothes.

"Let's." Haley added on as she changed back into her normal clothes.

Kara didn't like what Lilly had just said to her. "I-I'm sorry" Kara told Lilly. She looked over at Holly who seemed to have a sad look on her face. Getting up she changed back to her normal clothes as well.

"For now at least, I'd still like to finish the battle if all you guys are up for it?" Kara asked,

The started back to the main house with each other girls.

"Um, where to begin it all started when I was 8 years old" Kara began.

Lilly changed from her battle outfit back into her clothes as the group made their way inside.

"I'm still up for a conclusion after we've took a little breather." Lilly answered.

"I still want revenge on Holly for all those tricks of hers!" Haley added in.

"I'm fine with returning to it but I want you to take a rest first so you're not pushing yourself." Holly said to Kara.

The group headed in and Kara started her recollection.

Kara listened to all that was said at first.

"Okay, once this is done and we are all rested we can do the battle again" Kara told them. They soon walked into the house and made her way over to her room. Kara soon began with her tale once again.

"That wasn't a good time for me as during that time, I was pushed hard by my father he trained hard he wished for me to be a stone-cold killer in combat someone who'd killer without mercy. And this worked I became just like he wanted. The only one who was worried about me was my mother," Kara began.

She stopped and took a seat on her bed and watched everyone else sit on the floor,

"Yet during this time my father's foes were gathering and one night they struck when he wasn't home. I had tried to fight them off at the time but I wasn't all that powerful. They beat me down until I couldn't move and then went into the house. They were three empowered ones like ours selfs. As I lay on the ground I heard a scream and cry for help." Kara added.

"Slowly I gathered what tiny strength I had and ran into the house. I made my way over to my parents bedroom to find my mother. Laying on her bed a pool of blood underneath her. I went over to her and tried to shake her awake. But no luck I tried again and again calling for her to get up. Saying that it was me but I got no answer. Blood began to splash around all over me" Kara went on to say.

The girls listened as Kara recounted the tale of her past. Haley took it all in with indifference as she'd seen it all before in Kara's dream.

Lilly was listening intently at the tale and thinking about how a cold blooded killer could become soft. If this meant that she could kill without hesitation then Lilly was lucky to be alive today.

Holly hugged close to Lilly as Kara told her tale. She wasn't sure how to react at all. Should she cry? Should she offer comfort? What should she do?

Kara watched each of the girl's she wasn't sure how each of them were taking this. So she again went on with her tale.

"I tried for several hours to get my mom to awaken, But no luck with blood covering my body I fell to the floor and started to scream and cry. My father came home sometime later and found me he gathered me up in his arms and told me everything would be ok, But on the inside I knew that it wouldn't" Kara stated.

"Several months passed and I trained harder with my father I seemed to give into the training more. All emotions I had were now gone I became further like he wanted. I also started to try and track down the empowered ones whom killed my mother. Given time I found them we fought each other in a town square where I ended up killing all three of them in cold-blood in revenge. As I stood there in a pool of blood I just remained motionless" Kara added.

"I had a blank look upon my face and a cold smile it wasonly after a short time did I come to see what I had done. All my buried emotions came flooding back to me and a fled the scene of the crime: Kara finished.

"It must have been horrible to lose your Mother at kill people at such a young age." Holly stated with tears in her eyes.

"I can't say I know how you feel but I've also lost a parent." Lilly replied. "When I was just a baby, no older than two years old, my Father died. I don't know how and I don't know why but all I know is what my Mother has told me. She's remarried since then and given birth to both Holly and Haley. She didn't even mourn for him. All she did was search for another person to marry so the business wouldn't be dissolved."

She had her own tears in her eyes after she had finished telling everyone her tale, "It's something I still wish to forget about as I have nightmares about it sometimes" Kara told her.

She then turned over to Lilly. She took in what was said and all. "Could the death of your father have caused a change in your mother? maybe his passing was to much for her to bare so she went out and remarried" Kara thought. She walked from her bed to Holly and give her a small hug followed by Lilly and then Haley.

"If you have any more nightmares, remember what I've told you. You can control them and change them." Haley told Kara as she gave her hand a friendly squeeze.

"I don't think so." Lilly answered. "She's always seemed to only be in it for the money, no matter how bad that may sound. She only wanted to remarry so she wouldn't lose the business as, back then, women couldn't run banking firms."

:"'ll make sure to do that" Kara said with a blush on her face. Seeing as how she could go to the sweet dreams she had of each of the twins and Lilly.

"I'd ask how she was before she met your father but I'm not really sure if you'd truly know. Since how young you were at the time" Kara replied. She got up and started to walk around the room again. "I'm sorry for telling you guys all this, but it's something I needed to get off my chest there's one other thing" Kara mentioned with a huge blush on her cheeks.

"It has to do with my boarding school days but that can wait" Kara added,

"Oh, that." Haley said.

"I guess so." Lilly replied. She remembered the night before's events.

"If you say so." Holly answered.

The girls got up off the floor and headed over to where Kara was.

"If you still want to bring the battle to a conclusion," Lilly said as she started to change into her battle outfit. "We can do it now if you're feeling better."

Lilly felt the first signs of bladder unrest once she changed. The memories of the river running through the battlefield and Haley's illusions which, thankfully, couldn't be used against her in this fight. She pushed these thoughts aside for now and focused on the potential fight ahead of them.

Remembering another thing from the night before. Kara took a piece of small paper and quickly wrote her number on it. She handed the paper of to Lilly. "Here's my number so we can talk alone at need be" Kara told her.

"I'm feeling better now and I would like to see it brought to an end" Kara answered as she changed into her battle outfit. They all walked outside back over to the battlefield again.

Yet during this time she herself felt the need to pee seeing as she had not gone since getting up this morning. Could she really make it through the rest of the day with out wetting herself?

Lilly took the piece of paper and placed it inside her bag, which was in the wardrobe. She followed out with Kara towards the battlefield. The twins seemed to be lagging behind a little.

Haley was going along at a brisk pace whereas Holly was starting to slow down her walking. Holly still had yet to properly use the toilet that day but, considering the rapid turn of events, she had pushed it to the back of her mind. It had only now resurfaced with a burning vengeance. She considered informing Lilly of it but thought against it as more pressing matters were at hand.

Haley had also felt the slightest need to use the toilet but as her battle outfit had no panties, she wasn't that worried about it at all.

Kara turned and walked over to the other side of the field. She waited for Holly to arrive and began to wonder. If maybe that one part of her the cold-blooded killer would ever return. She hoped that it wouldn't at anytime.

Once Holly had arrived at where she stood.

"Is there anything else you want to know about before we begin again?" Kara asked her. She had used a small bit of magic to clean the front of her leotard off.

The twins changed into their battle outfits and stood with their respective team-mate.

"I'd like to know if we're still working by the hit points we had left at the end of the last round and just how long we've got left in the battle. You said it would last 60 minutes." Lilly replied.

Haley stood by Lilly's side and fidgeted around a little. Having her tender spot exposed was just making her need to go worse. She hoped she'd be able to secretly let it all out and have only Kara notice.

Holly was placing both of her hands over her crotch. She made it look like she was just standing normally but secretly her fingers were pressing against her girlhood. She'd always had a slightly weaker holding capacity than Haley and the river wasn't helping matters.

Kara turned away from Holly for a moment so she didn't see her little moments. "We are still going by hitpoints and seeing as the battle was postponed we have about 30 minutes left" Kara called out to her.

As she stood around waiting for the battle to begin she shifted her weight from foot to foot. And squirm around she tried not to make it notice able but was kinda having a hard time. "You guys can go first" Kara called out.

Using both hands she pressed it lightly against her own crotch. She hoped that Lilly would notice at a given time.

"Okay. Just wanted to clear that up." Lilly answered as she drew her twin swords again. "If you want us to go first then we will."

Lilly didn't even pause for a moment, she blinked straight towards Holly and tried to slash down at her.

"Target Holly first. Oust the support and the fighter'll be less potent." Lilly shouted back to Haley, who summoned up an Illusionary Battle Axe and sent it towards Holly.

It seemed that Holly was the target still out of range of getting to her in time. She decided on a spell to use it was a tricky one and she hoped it would full Lilly. Looking over at Haley for a moment she looked back at Holly.

"I've got a spell that can help but I need you to act like Haley for a few seconds for it to work" Kara sent to Holly.

"Chimera" Kara cast upon Holly soon her body began to change into that of Haley. Hoping that this might trick Lilly into letting her guard down by making her believe she was going to hit Haley instead of Holly. Kara decided to attack her.

Gathering the wind around both hands. Kara sent to small gusts of strong air at Lilly. She then spotted the Battle Axe which was sent at Holly as well. Gathering more wind she sent a blast of it at the axe hoping to knock it out of the air.

Lastly she turned back to Haley.

"Confuse" Kara cast upon Haley hoping to confuse her if the spell worked.

"That won't work on Lilly. She knows us too well." Holly sent back as she jumped out of the way of the strike. She only just managed to avoid it but it still cut off a tiny lock of hair.

"Quicken." Holly cast on Kara. This spell will increase the target's ability to cast allowing them to cast faster than normal.

The battle axe, as it was aimed at Holly's original location, flew a little too wide and missed.

"I thought that was Haley's area of expertise." Lilly said as she turned her attention back to Holly. She knew the twins too well to be mislead by a simple trick. Lilly coated her body in white fire and dashed towards Holly again.

Haley redirected the Battle Axe towards Holly again and moved in a little closer. She quickly turned her attention to Kara, who would prove to be quite the nuisance when it comes to cutting Holly out of the competition.

"Let me show you a real misdirection!" She shouted over to Kara. "Smokescreen!"

From Haley's outstretched hand billowed forth a thick murky fog which engulfed everywhere in a ten foot radius with the centre-point being Kara. This was a magical fog so it couldn't be blown away with magic.

It seemed her earlier spell didn't work as she listened to what Holly sent back to her. "I should have tried it on something else then" Kara sent back. She then felt another spell being cast upon her and wondered just what it could do.

Still watching Holly and again it appeared that LIlly. Was going for once again running towards her and Holly she raised up her left hand.

"Wind Wall" Kara cast an invisible vertical curtain of wind appears. It is 2 feet thick and of considerable strength. It appeared between both Holly and Lilly. But what surprised Kara was that her spell was cast and appeared rather quickly.

Turning away from the pair she looked back at Haley. Who appeared to be casting some sort of smokescreen. Not paying it any mind at first as it started to form around her. She tried to use some wind magic to blow it away several times she did this but found. The smoke wouldn't leave the area. Looking around she didn't know just where everyone else was.

"Great no I'm stuck in some form of fog" Kara thought.

Lilly's pursuit was blocked by a curtain of wind. She quickly jumped back before crashing into it.

Haley's Battle Axe flew towards the wind wall and sliced cleanly through it. The weapon itself was not material enough to be blocked by the wall the battle axe slashed down towards Holly, who seemed to be shocked by the wind wall as well.

Holly fell backwards as the axe just missed her. She was now sitting on the floor with an Axe hanging over her poised to chop down again.

"Stop!" She shouted out. The area seemed to pulsate with a magical pulse before turning monochromatic. The axe was still hanging in the air, Lilly was frozen in place looking as if she was about to cut through the wind wall, which was now immobile and the only thing which seemed to be moving was Holly.

"Huh?" She asked as she picked herself off the ground and quickly back-stepped away from the guillotine axe. As quickly as the effect came into play, it faded and time seemed to resume.

Lilly cut through the wall with a blast of fire from her swords. She noticed that Holly appeared to have somehow teleported from once place to another. She felt the brief tang of magic in the air.

"Weird." Lilly thought to herself.

Still lost within the smokescreen Kara wondered just how she was going to get out of this.

"Holly where are you I'm lost in some sort of fog and can't see anything?" Kara sent her. Walking around a few feet she looked up.

"Could that work, can I fly above the fog?" Kara thought.

She began to gather wind magic around herself. Then shot into the sky hoping to get above the fog so that she could see everyone again.

"Not good." Holly sent back as the axe neared her again. Her last spell had used up quite a lot of her magical energy. She now needed to recuperate to not burn herself out. She closed her eyes and started to shake as the axe hovered over her.

"Guillotine press." Haley commanded the axe. Its blade swung down and sliced cleanly through Holly. The axe caused no real harm but the pain of it was still there. Holly screamed as she felt the axe cut through her body. She then felt a warm wetness. She, at first, believed it to be blood but a second thought revealed that it was only in her lower regions. She looked down and saw that she was wetting herself from the fear of being executed by the axe.

"Haley, you're mean..." Holly said as tears started to form in her eyes.

"All is fair in love and war. You said so yourself." Haley replied with a smirk.

Not only had Holly lost two hit points, she was also demoralized by the effects of Haley's attack. She could't bring herself to fight back. She just sat on the floor crying as her bladder finished emptying itself. The axe disappeared.

With Holly's loss of will to fight, Lilly turned her attention to the Smoke screened Kara, who appeared to have flew out of the smoke.

"Support down, fighter now!" Lilly told Haley, who nodded in response.

Lilly then dashed towards the cloud of smoke.

Flying out of the smokescreen she got to look around the whole battlefield again. She spotted Holly in the distance who appeared to be cut down by the axe. Speeding over to her to try and help as she got closer she noticed a wet patch appearing on Holly's panties she appeared to be wetting herself.

"Holly, Holly" Kara called out to her as she landed behind her,

This wasn't good she was feeling her own need to pee another but pushed it aside. Kara was in a bind down Holly wasn't responding she was just crying. Looking over she spotted Haley and Lilly.

"That does it how dare you make this happen to her!" Kara snapped. She knew what she had to do.

"Heed the North wind's mighty gale: lock the door and trim the sail. When the wind comes from the South, love will kiss you the on the mouth. When the Moor wind blows from the West, departed spirits have no rest. When the wind blows from the East, expect the new and set the feast. " Kara chanted.

As great deals of wind magic began to form around her body it seemed like she was powering up. Gale fore winds began to blow across the area. "Flap your wings Fafnir" Kara cast. A giant tornado in the shape of a dragon is summoned to paralyze and lash at the enemy. She sent this powered up dragon at both Haley and Lilly.

Holly just sat crying as her supposed last few moment flashed before her eyes. She really did feel like she had been cut up by the axe. Was this really the power of illusions? She knew it was an illusion but her body acted all by itself. Haley's pretty dangerous when she sets her mind to it.

Seeing the change of pace from Kara, Lilly quickly and gracefully turned and headed in her direction before Kara snapped at the pair. She then chanted something. Lilly knew what this meant. Thinking on the spot, a change of tactics was in order.

"Spread out! Don't group!" She shouted to Haley, who complied and started to scatter from Lilly's location.

As expected, the dragon of wind appeared. Due to their spreading out, the dragon couldn't target both at once. Lilly hoped the dragon went for her instead of Haley.

Haley, knowing what to do, decided it best to leave the attention of a high level spell onto a veteran. She stood no chance against it.

"Invisible!" She cast on herself. Her body seemed to disappear from sight and blend in with the background. As long as the dragon didn't have True Sight, which was not innate in summoned beasts. it won't be able to see her at all.

Kara was breathing heavily she had used up what seemed like a great deal of magic. Just to summon and power up that spell. Looking down at Holly who was still crying thinking quickly she knew a spell that might work.

"Comfort" Kara cast upon Holly gives spirit back to sad and melancholic people. She hoped that the spell would have an effect on Holly.

The dragon on wind which was summoned looked around the battlefield. And spotted Lilly in the distance it flew over towards her.

The spell offered a little comfort but as this wasn't brought about by magic, it didn't quite have the desired effect. Holly was still unable to fight but she could at least assess the situation.

"That was horrible." Holly quietly said. "I thought I'd died."

Holly then looked around the battlefield and sensed the tingle of magic to her right. She looked and saw the outline of Haley in front of the trees.

"Haley's stealth-ed so single target attacks won't hit her. She's to my right. Cast an area spell with its centre around three feet in front of the trees." Holly suggested to Kara.

It appeared that the dragon had taken the bait. She ran forward and waited for the dragon to come close. She'll be a little battered from her plan but she guessed it could work. She cloaked herself in fire and waited for the dragon to attack. She turned her back and continued running. She'd know when the dragon was close.

Haley started to cast for assistance.

"Rend reality. Open the door to illusion. Merge the worlds together. Allow dreams and reality to become one." Haley started chanting as a small purple aura appeared around her.

"I don't want someone I really love and care about to ever die on me" Kara responded back. She felt a greater need to pee this time and pressed both hands into her own crotch. Hoping from one foot to the next. She listened to Holly speak to her.

"Okay, will do" Kara replied as she walked slowly forward.

Looking to her right and spotted the group of trees Kara pointed her right hand forward. Wind began to gather around the trees in another form of a tornado three of them seemed to appear at once. They spun around the area just where Holly had told her.

Yet, once she had done that she felt her aching bladder give way. A huge torrent of yellow fluids was released from her girlhood and began to pour into the crotch area of her leotard. Turning the fabric a clear yellow.

"Not, now no" Kara cried out as she jammed both hands into her crotch to try and stop the flow of pee escaping. The wet spot seemed to get bigger and she dropped to her knees in shame.

The dragon moved closer towards where Lilly was.

Kara followed Holly's suggestion and she heard the tell-tale giggling of Haley in her exhibitionist mode followed by the sound of a startled scream. True enough, Haley reappeared where Holly thought she would, along with a huge three headed dog! Holly then heard a hissing sound coming from Kara. She turned to see Kara wetting herself.

"Huh?!" Holly asked, shocked at Kara's loss of control. "Oh, great. Now I'm alone to face THAT?!" Holly concluded as she started to prepare her next spell.

"Break the shackles of doubt and bring forth the denizens of our minds. Come forth, Dream servant!" Haley had finished casting. A huge roar was heard when a giant purple door appeared and shattered open to reveal a huge three headed dog.

"Puppy!" Haley cried out in joy. She then felt the wind pick up and she giggled. Kara must be playing tricks again. The wind then seemed to cut into her, causing her to let out a startled scream. She knew she had lost two hit points but she didn't care. Her puppy was out! She turned towards both Holly and Kara.

"Get 'em!" She shouted and her three headed companion complied. It let out a loud growl and bounded towards the startled pair.

Lilly waited for the dragon to come close enough so she could just feel its presence before creating three platforms in a right angle shape in front of her. She jumped onto these platforms and wall hiked up them to dive from the top over the dragon's body. She then cloaked her blades in fire and placed them in the shape of a pair of scissors before descending onto the dragon and slicing the tow blades apart when she felt the winds cloak her. It hurt, but it was needed. She'd lost a good deal of hit points, around three to be exact, but she hoped she'd incapacitated the dragon.

Kara was still sitting on the ground in shame. She had just wet herself in front of her friend plus. She was in the middle of a battle and couldn't do anything to help Holly. She spotted Haley reappear with a large three headed dog.

Knowing she needed to do something but not having the power to Kara watched in horror. As the dog neared them. She covered herself with her hands again thinking back to being powerless against her father.

"I'm afraid" Kara stated quietly.

The dragon seemed to vanish once Lilly had finished attacking it. A gentle breeze blew at her.

"Force wall!" Holly quickly cast. A glowing wall of light appeared between Kara, Holly and the three headed dog.

"I can't keep this up for long. It's a channeled spell so I can't do much else while it's up." Holly told Kara as she focused on the wall. She felt her magic energy fail a little and the wall wavered before returning solid. "Hurry!"

"Cowards!" Haley shouted to the two. "Puppy just wants to play!"

Puppy, as Haley called it, stopped before the wall. It then started to circle the pair in a predatory manner, hoping for a break in the wall, growling while doing so.

With the dragon down, Lilly was now free to focus on the pair. She turned and saw a giant three headed dog circling both Holly and Kara. She smiled to herself as battle seemed to be in their favour for now. She ran towards the duo. She then suddenly stopped when she felt a spasm in her bladder.

"Not now! Victory's within our reach." She told her bladder, who didn't seem to be listening. She managed to push it aside but it delayed her.

Kara watched as Holly summoned forth a wall to protect them both. The dog seemed to attack the wall. "Do, you have any spells that can bind the dog of distract it?" Kara asked. She still couldn't really do much at the moment.

She looked around as the dog just seemed to walk around and growl. "If only I could help out" Kara thought but was still embarrassed about wetting herself before Holly.

"Or can you cast something on Haley?" Kara asked.

"I have one spell I could use but it'll take a little time. It can send the beast back to its realm." Holly said. "The other option is," Holly focused to keep the barrier up. "we knock out Haley."

Puppy lashed out one more time at the barrier and it shattered. Holly fell limply onto Kara.

"Too late." Holly said. She had exhausted a lot of magic. She'll need rest before she can cast again.

Haley laughed as she moved in closer to the pair.

"Hold up, Puppy." She told the dog, who complied and growled at the pair on the floor. Haley chuckled a malicious laugh as she waked up to the pair. "Now your little wall's gone, what'll you do now?" She asked Kara and Holly. "Puppy's all for ripping you a new one but I'm kind of thinking against that. Maybe I'll make it slow."

Haley loved the position she was in now. Victory was near absolute. Until she felt a spasm in her bladder. She quickly shot both of her hands down to her crotch. In the heat of the moment, she'd forgotten about her need for relief. What a predicament. Then, she remembered that she wasn't wearing any panties. She moved her hands away from her crotch and spread her legs a little. It'll be less intimidating and more comical but Haley didn't care. She let loose her fluids and they trickled down her legs before shooting down from her crotch.

"Pay no attention to the stream of pee coming from me. It is but an illusion." Haley bluffed with a blush. The blush'll make it harder to hide the truth. "Now, who wants to be eaten first?"

Lilly had, by now, reached the small group. When she saw the stream of urine coming from Haley's crotch, she partially lost control of her own. She felt a warm wetness in her leotard. She jammed both hands into her crotch. She'd lost all strength to move.

"Not here!" She said to herself in dismay. "No no no!"

Too late.

The stream turned into a gush as the wetness created a chain reaction. She felt her warm fluids soak into her leotard,

"I'll go with the other option then" Kara answered. She looked up and felt the magical wall the Holly had created shatter once Puppy had attacked it again. She felt Holly fall against her and looked over at her.

"You've done a great job today Holly thank you for everything" Kara says. She looks back over at Haley who is laughing yet for some reason not attacking them.

"We, will fight back someway" Kara called out. She grabbed Holly and was ready to act as her shield when she heard a faint hissing sound looking up. It appeared that Haley was wetting herself right in front of them. Staring at her wet treasure Kara blushed and felt her girl juices start to soak her leotard once more.

"But then why are you blushing?" Kara asked. Knowing this was the perfect time to counterattack. Getting to her feet she decided on first playing with Haley and giving her something she'd like. Using the wind she blew up Haley's skirt again and this time with the wind started to caress Haley's peach letting the wind blow against it like a set of fingers.

Running away from Haley and Puppy she spotted Lilly who appeared. To be just sitting for some reason running past her. She placed Holly down near a tree "rest up I have something that can work but it's at great cost" Kara said.

"Moon Fang" Kara cast she fires a concentrated blast of wind magic from her hands in the shape of a crescent moon. It flies over at Haley thinking back again to what she had told Holly earlier Kara started to gather her magical power.

"Wetting myself mid-battle..." Lilly quietly said to herself. "...it's stupid."

"B-because I am!" Haley answered. It was a weak come back but it didn't matter as long as she could return to her monologue.

A gentle caress of wind cloaked Haley's damp peach. She giggle to herself as she let her stream finish.

Haley noticed the quick retreat from Kara, who seemed to interrupt Haley's evil monologue.

"What's the big idea?! That was my time to shine!" Haley angrily stated to the retreating pair. She turned to her companion. "Rip 'em up!" She ordered the dog to do. The dog then shifted its shape into a small three headed greyhound to race towards the pair.

A sudden crescent of wind shot towards Haley, who quickly de-materialised to avoid it.

"Cheap trick!" Haley shouted as she teleported towards the pair. She was now no more than ten feet away from the duo.

"Be careful. The dog may not be able to physically harm but it can still hurt." Holly said to Kara as she was being carried away. "Give me a little more time and I can banish it."

"I'll try to hold him off but I need to time to call upon my own spell" Kara told Holly. Who she looked down at near the tree.

Again the began to gather and focus her powers. She then turned her focus to Haley again. "You should have attacked us before and not go into a full time speech" Kara shouted back. She saw Puppy racing towards them. But it seemed to change shape into that of a greyhound.

"So, she can change the shape of the pets she summons?" Kara thought. Pointing her left hand forward she gathered some air magic and summoned up several strong blasts of wind. She sent them flying a Haley and Puppy these wouldn't hurt them just make it hard so that they couldn't reach her of Holly in time.

Yet again Kara focused on her own magic.

"I summon the light of destruction down upon my prisoners Stars, gather ...and become the light which pierces everything Tear through everything in a blaze of light"

Holly, being able to sense the strength of Kara's attack, knew what she'd do. She knew that Kara would be able to finish this with it. She placed a hand on Kara's shoulder.

"Quicken." Holly cast. She felt the pain of overusing magic but she knew it'd be worth it. "Win this for us." Holly said before she cast her next spell. "Transfer magic."

A white light left Holly's body and traveled down her hand towards Kara. The light would then enter Kara's body, if she wished it to. Once the light faded, Holly's costume turned back to normal.

"Win this..." Holly said before she fell unconscious on the floor.

One opponent down, one to go.

Haley started to channel another spell. She wasn't sure if she was overdoing it yet or not. She knew that Kara was about to cast a really strong attack but she didn't know its strength. Her knowledge of sensing magical energy wasn't as good as Holly's.

Puppy continued in pursuit of Kara before being hit by a blast of wind. It let out a yelp before continuing on its way. It did get knocked back a little so it won't reach her just yet.

"Come on, Lilly. Get up! Kara's about to kick both of us!" Haley shouted to Lilly. "If we lose I'll tell her about what you did last night with the spare nappy!" Haley added on in a slightly quieter voice so only Lilly could hear.

If Kara found that out then...

NO!

Lilly, being the prideful person that she was, wasn't about to let that happen. She focused her resolve and picked herself off the floor.

"You better not!" She shouted at Haley before running towards Kara with renewed vigor. "Flame wave!"

A small trail of flame appeared beneath Lilly and her running speed seemed to increase. She quickly picked up pace and flashed to just above Kara before bringing her swords down in an arch.

"A lot's at stake here so I can't let you win!" She said as she slashed downwards.

She felt a gentle hand being placed upon her shoulder and looked over to see. Holly doing so she felt a rush of magic enter into her body. She let the magic enter her body and as Holly seemed to transfer her magic into Kara,

"Thank you sweetie" Kara answered as she first let everything fully into her body then kissed Holly gently on the forehead before using wind magic to send her away from the fight or at least away enough so she wouldn't get hurt.

She started to gather her magic again feeling the effects of Holly's quicken spell cast upon her. Which seemed to speed up the summoning effects. Yet she spotted Lilly coming right at her who moments ago seemed to be shouting something at Haley.

"I know what you mean but you won't win this" Kara replied.

She felt Lilly's attack slash across her body staggering backwards she felt herself lose two life points. Looking over she spotted Haley again who was coming at her with Puppy. Kara herself finally felt all her magic being gathered into her aplms of her hands.

"Star Burst" Kara casts Kara starts by creating four small orbs of pink energy they appear before her. In the shape of a square next she creates the fifth which appears in the middle of the other four.

With all five pink orbs Kara flys backwards to get enough distance to attack both Haley and Holly at the sametime. Now with the distance she wanted she launched her attack.

Soon four massive beams of pink energy fire at the enemy while Kara gathers energy into the fifth. Orb which is then shot at the enemy as well is a spiral beam fashion. Having used up all her remaining magic Kara fell to the ground her clothes seemed to return to normal as she passed out.

A dazzling array of lights appear after Lilly's attack connects with Kara. Momentarily blinded by the sudden flash, Lilly falls onto the floor on her front. Thankfully, she was close enough to the ground to not get hurt by the attack.

Puppy, seeing the lights, stops and whimpers before racing back towards Haley at full speed and diving through a purple door, which appeared behind her.

"Coward!" Haley shouted before Puppy disappeared.

Once the flash subsided, pink beams were fired from four pink orbs in a square before a final pink orb shot towards the two in a spiralling motion.

"We're..." Haley started.

"..screwed." Lilly finished before the pair were engulfed in the lasers.

The lasers were brutal and even that was an understatement. They decimated anything in range and left nothing but cinders in there wake almost as if the sun itself had crashed into the Earth. Lilly's shield was useless against the relentless pummeling of the laser. If she could resist magic better then it might not have been so bad. Before she knew it, all of Lilly's remaining life points were gone and she was transported out of the battle zone in charred clothes.

Haley wasn't sure what was happening. All she knew was that she saw her pet run back into the illusionary realm before a huge pink glow engulfed the battlefield. She was sure she could feel something battering against her but she felt no pain. This painless sensation lasted for a good while before it faded and Haley was then struck with a searing pain like she had just jumped into a furnace stark naked. The pain burned through her before it suddenly came to a halt. Once the light cleared, she was still on the battlefield but no one was anywhere to be seen. She was covered in burns and scalds but she could still stand, but only just. She must have taken a beating but she was somehow still conscious. A faint purple aura surrounded her as she stood in the empty battlefield.

Had she won?

Haley suddenly found herself in the garden again but she was not alone.

Kara remained where she was laying down gently upon the grass. She was still unconscious and started to dream about future events she found herself in another room this time each of the three sisters surrounded her. They were all wearing their best and cutest clothes. They slowly walked up to Kara and wrapped their arms around her.

"This is our special night" Lilly whispered in Kara's ear.

"A night a fun but please blow up my skirt" Haley said in excitement.

"Just don't get carried away please" Holly answered.

The sister led Kara to a bed in the middle of the room.

Yet off in the distance a single figure was standing in the shadows of the room. The only thing to be seen were a pair of emerald green eyes which seemed to be watching Kara closely. Suddenly the dream seemed to end just as quick as it began and Kara slowly woke up.

"Did I win?" Haley asked as she staggered towards the girls on the floor. Lilly was looking a little sooty like she had just been down a chimney, Holly looked quite pale and Kara did as well.

Lilly slowly woke up and pushed herself up before falling down again as her bruised body protested to the movements.

"Cooked me good, that did." Lilly joked as she rolled over to be greeted by Haley's bare peach over her head. She let out a startled cry before rolling over again with a huge blush on her face. "Change back, now!" Lilly quickly said to Haley.

Holly started to open her eyes and sit up. She felt like she had had a sleepless night. She felt really tired and drained.

"Must have gone a little overboard." She quietly said to herself as her head started to ache. She saw Haley still in her battle costume. She then let herself fall to the floor again. "We lose."

Opening her eyes she got to her feet slowly. She made her way towards Holly who seemed not to be moving none. She looked at the others it appeared that Haley was still her her battle costume and Lilly was just waking up.

Reaching Holly and gently pulled her into her arms.

"Wakey, wakey sleepy head" Kara joked as she brushed hair from Holly's face. She held her in her arms and rocked her back and forth.

"I know you don't like fighting at all but I really enjoyed today I hope you learned quite a bit" Kara says.

"I learned a lot!" Haley smiled at Kara. "I learned how to get Holly to wet herself easily."

"Not funny." Holly replied as she still lay on the floor looking up at the clear blue sky. "I learned that Haley can't control her own pets." Holly retaliated.

"Easy, you two." Lilly cut in as she sat up. "Haley's got good resistance to magic. She could take that attack when I couldn't. She's got potential to be great at being a back line summoner with some fighting skills. Holly's got peerless senses when it comes to magic. She knew practically all of my moves and was able to counter them. She's also got a great supporting potential as well and she's also got great control of her magic."

"So, I'm good?" Haley asked with a smile on her face as she changed back to her normal outfit.

"And I am, too?" Holly beamed as she sat up fast, causing her head to ache a little more. "Ow, ow ow."

"I'll also thank you for wetting yourself before me Haley" Kara said with a blush. She looked away back towards the others.

She listened to both of what Lilly had to say. "I wonder just how Haley and I would have done if we were a team?" Kara asked. She tried to think about it "Yet Holly here was a very good support mage she helped me out alot in this fight and I tried to return the favour" Kara added.

She again thought for a moment. "Yes, both of you were really good if it's not to much trouble could we do this again? maybe once a week or instead Lilly and I can act like teachers and try and teach you guys?" Kara asked.

She again thought of something and tried to find the words to put it forth.

"Um, girls would it be okay if maybe I spent Wednesday, Thursday and Friday with each of you girls. Meaning on one of these days I spend it with just one of you as a means of getting to know you better?" Kara asked with a small blush on her cheeks.

"I-I didn't." Haley answered with a blush. "It was an illusion to fool you into a false sense of comfort."

"Looked pretty real to me. It didn't look faded." Holly answered with a smile.

"I'm fine with the teacher role but we'll need to pick a pupil. There's two trainees and two veterans." Lilly answered. "We'll need to assess our own personal skills and see which student would fit us better or if we had any areas which one of us was weak at and the other good at so we could compliment their learning.

Kara's question took each girl by surprise.

"Sure!" Haley replied with a smile.

"I guess so, if it isn't too much trouble to you." Holly answered.

"I'm fine with it but I'll need you to make sure the girls are okay when they are with you." Lilly stated. She then took out her phone from her pocket and sent a text to the number which Kara gave her. "If there's any problems, be sure to call me."

"Then why were you blushing?" Kara further blushing herself.

She quickly looked over at Lilly. "As am I but I agree with you. We will need to assess our own skills along with theirs" She replied. While looking over at the twins "I'd like any of you guys to be my trainee but that's up to you both as well as me and Lilly" She answered.

"I promise nothing will happen to either of the girls" Kara replied to Lilly. She looked over at each of the twins. "I want this to be fun so think of places where you'd like to go, also you girls should pick straws again to see who goes first" Kara replied again.

She felt her phone buzz and reached it and looked at the number upon the phone. "I'll make sure to call you in case anything happens" She said.

"Anyway, I could do with the bath now." Lilly suggested. "I feel like I've fell down a chimney after being shot out of a cannon."

"I could do with a bath as well. The fault lying with Haley." Holly said as she shot Haley a cold glare.

"What?" Haley replied. "I wanna bath as well. I'm a little dusty and muddy, as you have seen."

The trio started to head back to the house starting off at a slow pace to allow Kara to catch up.

Kara followed after the girls. "I feel the same way I'm more dirty than I am clean" Kara said. As she quickly caught up to them.

She reached over and took Haley's hand gently into her own then looked at Holly. "May I hold your hand?' Kara asked. She then turned back to Lilly "we still need to talk about that other magic user remember?" Kara asked.

They started walking again back towards the house.

Haley took Kara's hand without hesitation. Holly did so as well when offered.

"We can do that in the bath." Lilly answered.

Now that Kara had caught up, Lilly decided to let her take the lead as she had no idea where she was going in Kara's house.

Kara took Holly's hand and led the trio back into her house. Leading them through a long series of hallways and side passages until finally she came to a set of brown doors.

"It's in here" Kara replied. Letting go of the twins hands she pushed open the doors. Then walked inside.

Kara entered in a large room in the very middle of the room sat what appeared to be a rather large. Bath that seemed to cover up pretty much the whole center of the room. Upon the left and right sides of the room were various raven statues each with a open beak that when used. Could either spray water into the tub or be used as a mini shower you'd just need to be sitting under it. Upon the walls were pictures of different kinds of birds and other types of animals.

"It's not much but I hope you guys like it" Kara said. As she started to get undressed.

"Not much?!" Lilly asked in surprise. "This place's decked out better than my bath."

It's true, the Sera bath was rather plain and boring. It was built more for functionality that style sense but why else would a bath be built any differently. Lilly didn't care if it was plain or gaudy as long as it served it's purpose.

Feeling kind of embarrassed as well as nervous, Lilly moved over to a corner of the room to get undressed. Holly seemed to have the same idea. Haley, on the other hand, just practically threw off her clothes, not caring about the other people in the room and ran stark naked towards the bath.

"Cannonball!" Haley shouted out as she dived into the bath. "The water's great! Hurry up!"

Lilly and Holly were slowly taking their clothes off. Lilly was 'helping' as much as she was allowed with Holly removing her clothes, spending more time and attention on slowly taking off the more private pieces of clothing.

"I wouldn't say that who knows I've yet to see yours" Kara replied.

Seeing all the girl's getting undressed Kara had finished up before them and watched as Haley. Jumped into the bath she followed her in a moment later. Then decided on a trick to play on Haley moving around so that she was behind her Kara slowly. Made her way towards her then rose her arms into the air.

Once close enough and using both hands Kara grabbed Haley's small chest. Then started to grope her tiny breasts "Ah, not much here but given time" Kara laughed.

"So, Lilly just what was this other magic user like? I know she can control water but I did get much of a chance to fight her" Kara says.

Shortly after finishing up, Lilly and Holly entered the bath in the normal manner, unlike Haley.

Haley laughed as Kara placed both her hands on her flat chest.

"I'm going to give payback, you know." Haley said to Kara. "When you least expect it!"

Lilly wished she could do the same to Haley as well but Haley was just too good at predicting what she'll do to even allow her to get close enough to her chest. She considered doing it to Holly but pushed the thought aside.

"She was annoying." Lilly answered bluntly. "She just wouldn't give up no matter what. It was almost as like she wanted me to- "

Lilly stopped herself from going any further.

Kara didn't need to hear that bit.

Kara used her fingers to rub and grope Haley's chest. "Now you won't not as long as I do this" Kara remarked. With both hands leaving Haley's chest she used one to tickle her sides and the other to run between Haley's legs in a playfully manner.

"Wanted you to do what?" Kara asked.

She thought about her own brief fight with Yukina.

"Does this magic user have a name at all?" Kara asked.

"My sides aren't ticklish!" Haley stated as Kara started to tickle at her sides. When she felt her hand on her crotch, Haley then started to laugh. "Right there!" She laughed out.

"N-Nothing important." Lilly answered with a blush. "I think she said her name was Yukina."

Blushing at what Haley said Kara started to tickle her peach. With her fingers she rubbed Haley's lips gently then slipped a finger inside of her. Leaning toward her ear Kara spoke again. 'Let's see if we can turn Lilly on with our little show?" Kara asked.

Moving back she listened to Lilly again.

"Yukina's her name interesting, Was she a hard fighter?" Kara asked.

Haley felt something rising inside her. She knew what it was. She'd soon be pushed to the brink.

"If you keep this up I'll, I'll..." Haley laughed out. The feeling rose some more. She knew she'd not last much longer. Kara's reasoning for doing this was interesting. "I know what will turn her on." Haley replied.

"A dirty fighter." Lilly answered with a pout. "She fought unfairly from start to finish. I mean, she was water element and- "

Lilly stopped herself again.

"And water really makes you need to pee, right?" Holly innocently added on the end to complete Lilly's statement.

Kara kept up rubbing and tickling Haley. "You will need to pee?" Kara asked feeling herself becoming excited. "What could we have her do this to me?" Kara asked in a whisper.

She then listened again to Lilly.

"She seemed to take great pleasure in causing me pain when we fought" Kara said. Blushing at what Holly said next.

"II-I wish I could see that" Kara added.

Haley lost it. She felt the feeling fade and something come out of her tender girlhood.

"I've peed." She said matter of factly. The feeling went down some more and Haley felt the water around her lower body become warmer.

"The other way around." Haley answered. "Do it to her, but secretly. Make it seem normal."

"It got much worse. Lilly actually wet herself mid fight due to the sheer volumes of running water. We had to come and bail her out." Holly answered. She had no idea how Lilly felt about this.

Lilly just remained silent as she listened to Holly pour out her miscalculation. What would Kara think of her now?

She felt the water around her become warm and knew that Haley had just peed. "Thank you sweet heart" Kara said and kissed Haley's neck. She then started to use the faintest of wind magic to caress Lilly's tender girlhood.

"You wet yourself in a fight?" Kara asked as she listened to Holly speak she blushed as she pictured Lilly wetting herself.

"Um, Lilly I actually find that rather cute I would have liked to have seen that" Kara answered.

Haley just giggled a little at Kara's remark.

Lilly felt a slight breeze on her girlhood. She shivered a little at the feel of it.

Lilly blushed bright red and let out a small nod in response to Kara's question. Her blush became worse when Kara said it was cute.

"That's probably the first time she'd wet herself in public." Holly added in, still oblivious to what she was doing. "Lilly's never done it before but she has had a couple of near misses due to her own carelessness."

Kara kept up what she was doing to Lilly yet the wind seemed to blow inside of her as well.

"Again I would have liked to have seen it" Kara replied in shame. As now she did wish she could have seen Lilly wet herself.

"Like what kinds of near misses?" Kara asked wanting to know more. "Did she ever wet herself in school before because I used to quite alot" She added.

This small breeze was now starting to get to Lilly a little. It was now starting to try and enter her, causing the water around Lilly to become cold and make her need to warm herself up with less than appropriate and conventional methods. She started to walk around in the bath to try and kill the feeling rising inside her.

"I suppose that, if I don't tell you, Holly will." Lilly sighed. "Who'd you like to hear it from? Me, Holly or Haley, as she knows as well."

Watching as Lilly got up and start to walk around the bath. Kara used the wind to tease her girlhood again giving it light touches and affection. She even went and teased Lilly's urethra with it as she listened to her words.

"If you tell me, I will tell you something in return" Kara answered.

The small cold patch was relentless. It even started to tease the most vulnerable place of Lilly. She now had to sit down in the bath and cross her legs with her hand pressing against her girlhood under the water to remain in control. She'd be too embarrassed to ask to go now.

"Guess I will then." Lilly started,

"One near miss I had was when I was back in Primary school. I was around the twins' age when this happened. I was the year representative for my year and I had to give a presentation to my year group regarding various things."

The wind kept on teasing Lilly's tender spots they gently pushed aprt her lips and tickled her insides. In a rather playful manner it felt like someone would be tickling Lilly with their fingers. While next again the wind teased her urethra by blowing inside of it.

"A accident of mine was back during the first day of boarding school. I had just been introduced to my classmates when feeling rather shy and nervous at the time. I ended up wetting myself in front of them all because I really needed to pee and was to scared to ask to use the restroom"

Lilly was starting to quietly giggle as the strange cold wind, which had been following her around, had started to tickle her. She felt a small spurt escape and she quickly pushed harder into her girlhood. The wind then started to blow inside her urethra. She couldn't help but wince as she nearly lost control.

"That morning, as Lilly's never a morning person, she got up late and had to be rushed out of the house to get to school on time so she couldn't visit the girl's room before heading off, which lead to her really needing to pee during the presentation." Holly continued for Lilly.

The wind seemed to try and blow Lilly's hand away from her girlhood to have better access. At her peach the wind then started to blow across her chest instead.

"I felt so embarrassed for what I had just done. Little did I know was that a few of the girl's in my class decided to tease me for the remainder of my school days there. I remember once they even made me wet the bed by forcing me to drink tons of water before hand" Kara replied. It seemed Lilly's near miss tale was turning her on.

The wind moved from Lilly's hand to her chest just in time. Any more blowing down there and she was sure to lose it. She was barely holding on now. Pity her chest was a little ticklish as well. She continued her quite giggling while feeling her warm liquid battering against her bladder and causing it to ache and bloat.

"Couldn't you have gone pee before you went to sleep?" Holly asked after she had finished recounting her section of Lilly's tale. "The only think which normally makes me...do that is if my hand is dipped in lukewarm water while I sleep. Haley's done it before." Holly finished in a disgusted tone while she glared at Haley, who just shrugged in response.

"Anyway, Lilly was voted as Year Rep because of all the boys in her year all voting for her. She was an object of many a boy's desire in her primary school days. So, the boys sat at the front so they could look up Lilly's skirt, which is why they voted her in the first place." Haley continued.

"Haley!" Lilly quietly and angrily shot to Haley.

"She really needed to pee and the cold in the hall didn't help much either. She was practically secretly dancing around on the stage while she presented to the school." Haley added on after ignoring Lilly's comment.

The wind tickled her chest then seemed to move back down to her girlhood again and tease her that way.

"I could of but was scared to as I was in a new place and all" Kara replied. As she listened to more of Lilly's tale.

"Wish I could have seen up her skirt" Kara said then blushed huge. She looked away from Lilly in shame.

"You're seeing more of me now than those boys could ever dream of." Lilly told Kara with a blush.

"So what? Fear's only fear if you let yourself fear it." Holly answered. "Fear can be controlled if you combat your fear. You should have just gone pee before you went to bed. Or were you scared of the dark and it was after lights out?"

Lilly lost it. She couldn't hold it any more. She felt a warmness enter the water around her crotch. She let her bladder release all of its contents into the bath. It's got filters and drains, hasn't it? The water was also warm as well so it wouldn't be detected that way. She sat in silence, a huge blush covering her face, as she let it all out. Her bladder felt much better now.

"Because of that, and the added nervousness of presenting, I could barely stay in control. I felt myself leak a couple of times and a really bug spurt left me when I finished presenting. I rushed the end of my presentation and quickly sprinted to the nearest toilets. I even dripped a little trail on the way. I just made it before I couldn't hold it any more." Lilly finished her tale with the huge blush from earlier still covering her face.

"But I'd like to see more and I've sure you would as well since dr" Kara's voice trailed off. As she saw Lilly lose control and wet herself before her. She felt juices shot out of her girlhood as she knew what had happened.

"I was scared of the whole new place, I had just gone through a rather bad time of losing my mom a month before. I was sent to the boarding school as a means of change I guess" Kara replied to Holly. She then turned back to Lilly.

"I still would have liked to see it" Kara replied. When there was a sudden knock on the bath's doors. A voice could be heard from the other side.

"Excuse me Miss Kara, but your father says Mrs Sera has decided to go home and wants her kids to come with her" The voice said.

"Seems our fun time as ended" Kara replied. She got out of the bath and started to dry herself off once done got dressed.

"Pity. I wanted to stay for longer." Lilly sighed.

"I don't wanna go." Haley groaned.

"Well, it appears our little visit has been cut short." Holly concluded.

The trio picked themselves out of the bath and the twins went to get a towel. Lilly just closed her eyes and she was engulfed in flames. Once the flames had gone, her skin was dry, almost like she had never been in a bath at all. She then went back over to the loaned clothes and handed them to Kara.

"We'll put out formal clothes on. I'm sure the twins will bring back three towels." Lilly told Kara. "You can stay in the bath if you want."

The twins returned with three towels and the wrapped them around themselves. They then left the bath and headed to Kara's room, where they put on their slightly damp panties and formal clothes. They then picked up their bags and headed back to the main hallway.

"Remember there's always tomorrow afternoon" Kara answered. As she finished getting dressed. She followed after the trio to her room. She took the borrowed clothes and placed them near her closet door.

"Um, girls I really enjoyed our time together" Kara said she walked over and hugged each of them. When she got to Lilly she hugged her tighter "I know what you truly wish for" Kara whispered in her ear before letting go. She followed the girl's back now the main hallway and soon reached the doors.

Where Marie and Kale were.

"Huh?" Lilly asked. She herself wasn't aware of her true desires either. She wasn't sure what to make of Kara's comment.

"Well, I guess it's time we left." Lilly said. "Thanks for the fun time."

"Next time, you come to our house, okay?" Holly said.

"Goodbye." Haley said with a sad smile. She knew that this would probably be the last time they could see each other out in the open without arousing suspicion.

"We're going." Marie said in her usual cold manner. She pressed the speed-dial for her chauffeur and talked to them on the phone. "Five minutes. Make it quick. I don't want any stops because your tiny bodies are too incompetent to work in an acceptable manner." She stated to the group.

"Yes, Mother." They replied in unison.

"May I request directions to the bathroom." Lilly asked Kara in a slightly forced publicly acceptable manner.

Kara heard all the girls say goodbye to her. She felt sad now that she was going to be alone for the rest of the evening.

"Sure if that's okay?" Kara replied to Holly's question.

She then listened to what Marie said.

She then turned to Lilly. "Down the hallway second door on the left" Kara replied.

"Thank you." Lilly answered with a curtsy. "Now, please excuse me."

"Please excuse me." Holly said with a curtsy.

"Blah blah, you've heard it twice before." Haley said with a rushed curtsy.

The trio headed off in the direction indicated. Lilly went first, she didn't really need to go though as she had already been in the bath. Holly went in second and third was Haley. Once finished, the group headed back to the main hallway and said their final goodbyes to Kara.

"I am deeply appreciative of your gracious hosting. Thank you for allow us to stay. I hope we did not impose in any way." Lilly said to Kale with a curtsy.

The trio then filed out after Holly and Haley had followed Lilly's lead. They then entered the white limousine which pulled up just outside the house.

Kara watched them go she felt alone again. Once the trio headed back into the room Kara gave them each a final hug and kiss on the cheek.

"No you didn't at all it was nice to have you" Kale replied. To Lilly as he then watched them all exit the house. Kale turned around and seemed to grab Kara by the arm and pull her down the hallway. As the door closed behind them.

"Finally I'm glad that bitch and her damn kids left" Kale said as he pulled Kara in his study. He let go of her then looked at her.

"I don't want you seeing those brats anymore Kara I have big plans set into motion. As a means to rid this town of Marie once and for all and I don;t need those kids fucking things up" Kale replied.

Kara took this all in and her heart seemed to shatter. "B-but they are my friends" Kara stammered out.

'I don't care if they even come back to this house I'll have them all killed you go that!" Kale snapped.

Kara was now crying on the spot.

"No, don't do that please" Kara begged.

The drive home was quiet and tense like normal. None of the three dared speak for fear of what their Mother might do if they did. Lilly kept her head down and her eyes on her lap or phone, whichever was there at the time. Holly just quietly looked out of the window and regretted it when she started feeling a little nauseous. Her face went pale. Haley was just busy looked at the interior of the limo and at her sisters.

"I don't feel too good." Holly quietly broke the silence.

"Stupid kid. If you mess up this car I'll have you spend the rest of your free time cleaning it for the next year." Marie answered.

"She's carsick, Mother, she just needs an anti-sickness tablet." Lilly cut in.

"Did I say you could speak?!" Marie demanded from Lilly, who shook her head in response.

Kale just seemed to laugh at his crying daughter.

"Then you know what you must do, As I said I want nothing more to do with them got that" Kale snapped again.

This only caused Kara to cry harder.

"Oh, and if I even find out in secert that you met them in anyway they will die an even quicker death" Kale laughed,

This caused Kara to run out of the room in tears she fled back to her own room. And pulled out her phone she knew what she had to do. And cried louder and she opened her phone and texted Lilly.

Windancer: (Kara's text name) I-I can't see you anymore our friendship is over

Kara pushed the send button and dropped her phone as she let off a god-awful scream. The wind outside her house seemed to respond to this.

Holly let out slight groans of pain every few seconds.

"Help her. She's your daughter." Lilly said to Marie, her voice was slightly laced with anger.

"Why should I?! Tell me that. It was her own stupid fault for looking out of the window in the first place. The stupid brat should have known better!" Marie answered angrily.

Holly's face was becoming more pale.

"I feel dizzy..." She quietly mumbled out.

"Help her! You've got them in your bag!" Lilly was now demanding from her Mother, which was something she knew would get her in serious trouble but she couldn't stand to see her sister suffer.

"Shut it, you little bitch!" Marie snapped at Lilly before she slapped her hard across the face. Lilly didn't flinch.

"Help her." Lilly said again. "Or I will."

Marie just glared at Lilly.

"Fine." Lilly said. "Haze." Lilly cast towards Marie. This spell would cause her to momentarily not know what was happening as her vision would be clouded by a flamy haze.

Lilly got up off her seat and took the anti-sickness tablets from her Mother's bag. She took out two and handed them to Holly.

"Swallow these. They taste of cherries." Lilly smiled to Holly, who did as she was told. "Better?"

"Kind of. I still feel woozy." Holly replied.

"Take a quick nap on my lap, then." Lilly offer as she moved over in her seat. Holly went over to the space next to Lilly and rested her head on Lilly's lap.

Lilly felt a slight vibration from her phone. She looked at it and saw Kara's number pop up. Lilly didn't like what she saw.

'ShiroNeko (Lilly's text name): What do you mean? I don't quite understand.'

Just what could this mean?

Kara heard the vibration of her phone and picked it up. She read Lilly's text message to her.

'Windancer: I mean it's over, I can't see you anymore your nothing back a fucking bitch I hate you and have always hated you. How could I ever be friends with trash like you ugly bitch

Kara hit send on her phone.

Then tossed it against the wall as she cried even louder then before. The wind again outside seemed to change from a gentle breeze to a gale force wind.

The reply: Not great.

"What?!" Lilly quietly gasped as she read the message from Kara. "Just what is she thinking?!"

Somehow, this didn't seem like Kara at all. She could read between the lines of the text, a skill which she had been learning for when she was forced to take over the firm, and saw the real message, or what she thought was the real message.

Her translation:

'I can't be friends with you because of several reasons out of my control.' That's what Lilly garnered from the text. Another translation was what the text truly said. Kara either hated Lilly so much or she was too distraught to type straight. Why text in the first place if you hate the person?

Lilly knew what she'd do.

'ShiroNeko: I understand.'

She also knew what was coming next when the spell faded.

"You little bitch!" Marie shouted at Lilly, who remained calm. "What the fuck do you think you're doing using that witchcraft on me?!"

"Holly was ill so she needed help. You didn't want to do it so I took matters into my own hands. Now, if you would please, keep quiet as Holly's trying to sleep her sickness off. Unless you want a mess in the car, that is." Lilly calmly replied.

Kara heard her phone go off again she didn't even go and pick it up to read it. She got up off the bed but went to her phone anyway, She opened it and saw Lilly's text back.

'Windancer: Please forgive me'

Kara sent back before dropping her phone onto the ground again.

She then left her room. She felt the wind outside responding to her earlier crying she walked to a window and looked outside.

"Lilly" Kara said.

"My head hurts..." Holly quietly mumbled.

"You little messes are more trouble than you're worth!" Marie stated.

"If you didn't want us then why did you conceive us?" Lilly asked. It was a valid question.

"I didn't want to! I had to!" Marie replied. "I'm in my right mind to disown the lot of you now."

Lilly shrugged. She then felt her phone buzz again. It turned out that her earlier assumption was starting to become more solid. Kara really did want to see them but she couldn't, Lilly gathered from the texts. She didn't reply. She just pressed the send button to notify Kara that she had seen the message. No message would be sent but Kara's phone would buzz like one had been.

Haley just sighed and moved over to Lilly's side.

She didn't hear her phone buzz as she was not in the room at the time. Yet as the wind died down Kara closed her eyes she seemed to feel where Lilly and the twins were though far away and faint she used a tiny bit of wind magic to touch their faces.

Yet behind her Kale appeared he felt the magic outside and in the air. Grabbing her he spun Kara around and slapped her hard across the face.

"How dare you" Kale roared in a rage,

"You go behind my back and use magic to reach them" He yelled as he slapped her face again and again. Kara cried out in pain.

"P-Please stop daddy please" Kara begged.

For a split second, the trio felt the familiar feeling of a gentle breeze on there faces. Lilly and Holly could sense Kara's presence behind the magic. Holly seemed to smile for the first time since leaving Kara's house.

"Kara." Holly mumbled through sleep slurred words as she closed her eyes.

"She's hurting." Haley piped up. "I can feel the pain behind the wind."

"What the hell are you talking about?! You'd better not have the same witchery shit as that bitch does!" Marie shouted at the twins. Haley just shrugged and Holly was busy trying to fall asleep.

"Hearthfire." Lilly cast on Holly. "Sweet dreams, little one."

"What the fuck did you do to her?!" Marie asked Lilly.

"It's too noisy to sleep in here so I helped her." Lilly answered. "Like a good sister would."

Kale didn't seem to hear Kara's reply he just kept on slapping her across the face. Until he dropped her to the ground. He looked down at her Kara's face was bloody and swollen her lips had a few cuts in them.

"If you ever go behind my back again you'll get a far worse punishment" Kale said. He walked out of the room leaving Kara to her pain.

She struggled to sit up.

Using magic one last time but this time shielding herself from her dad. She sent a breeze to the girl's this seemed to say "help me' Kara then struggled to her feet.

Walking slowly back to her room then fell upon her bed.

The group had now arrived back at their house. Lilly picked Holly up and carried her out of the car and back into the house. Not one person spoke to another.

Lilly placed Holly down on Lilly's bed. She then got changed out of her formal wear and placed it in the wash basket at the bottom of her bed. She went to her walk-in wardrobe and picked out some more casual clothes. Her golden silk panties were replaced by a plain pair of pink panties with red hearts on. Her silky training bra was substituted with a pink vest and matching socks. Her outfit was complete with a pair of cream short-shorts and a cream coloured t-shirt.

Lilly felt another breeze across her face similar to the one in the car. Except this one was clearly trying to convey a message which Lilly couldn't understand. She knew there must have been a reason for these tiny breezes to be sent by Kara but she hadn't the ability to determine emotions from magic.

Haley suddenly burst into Lilly's wardrobe. She was wearing nothing but a pair of red socks.

"Kara's in trouble!" Haley told Lilly.

Laying upon her bed Kara wasn't moving she hoped that the girl's had gotten her earlier message. But knew that if she was to see them they'd die because surely her father would find out about it. Struggling to get up she sat upright on her bed and reached up with a hand and ran it across her face.

She felt the blood from her lips upon her hand and brought it away in horror. Just looking at it seemed to send her into another crying fit as memories of death and revenge seemed to flood her mind once again.

Kara curled up into a ball and lay there in silence.

"Don't just burst into my wardrobe wearing nothing!" Lilly shouted at Haley. "Kara's in trouble!" Haley repeated. "I can feel it." Lilly wasn't sure what to make of this. She didn't understand what Haley meant. "What? How can your feel something like that?" Lilly asked. "I don't know. When I felt the wind on my face I also felt a sharp pain there as well and I could taste blood." Haley explained. Lilly considered what Haley had said. Could this be true? She took her phone from her shorts pocket and sent a text to Kara. She hoped she'd get it.

'ShiroNeko: Light a candle. Any candle. Put a fireplace on. Just make a flame.' Lilly hoped her plan would work.

Still in a ball Kara heard her phone buzzing again. Slowly she got up off the bed and walked over to it where it still was laying on the ground. Opening it she noticed she got another text from Lilly slowly after reading it. Kara walked out of her room and headed for the kitchen where she looked around in some drawers and found a things of matchs and a spare candle.

Walking back to her room Kara did as the message said and let the candle with the match. A tiny flame seemed to come to life and she set this upon the floor.

"Can you produce minor misdirection's?" Lilly asked Haley.

"That's easy." She replied. "Why do you want one?"

"Just so we can't be scryed upon or intercepted." Lilly answered.

Lilly closed her eyes and focused on all the flames in the area. She could feel a couple of candles in a fancy restaurant, a few bin fires made by the homeless in an alleyway. A large campfire to ward off animals in the forest and finally...

...a candle in Kara's house.

"Cloak me." Lilly said to Haley.

"Sure." Haley replied as she let her ears and tail come into existence. She then focused on making it seem like Lilly's presence was erased.

Lilly homed in on the flame and her mind focused on Kara's room.

"Kara?" Lilly said through the flame. "What's wrong? What's happening?"

Kara looked at the candle burning in her room and soon heard a familiar voice. Speaking to her she said nothing for a few moments. Closing her eyes she didn't know what to say "I-I need help" Kara said at first. Still busy looking into the flame on the candle again there was silence in the room.

"My father says I can't see you anymore, he says if I do or use any sort of magic he'll kill you" Kara sobbed at the thought. "I didn't mean what I sent in the text but I have no choice in the matter" Kara added.

She thought about what to say next. "Yet he found out and beat me" Was what she said next.

"How can he face off against an empowered one?" Lilly asked. "No mere human can. I kind of knew there was a reason behind the text being like that."

Kara's next statement caused Lilly to shiver a little.

"What?! Really? He sounds just as bad as Mother."

"He's like us he's an empowered one yet he's far more powerful than me" Kara told her. "He's the one who taught me my powers" Kara added.

She said nothing else for a few moments.

"Yes, it's true I don't know what to do I've scared" Kara confessed. As she curled up into a ball on her bed again.

"WHAT?!" Lilly asked in shock. "He's empowered? He must be really powerful if none of us could sense his magic. He must have full control over it to allow that. Do you know his battle expertise?"

"Exercise caution. Don't try to contact us by means in which he can track. We've got the power to cloak but it wouldn't last long against a person with strong magic. Do you have an aviary with homing pigeons? We could use that as a method of communication. Can you write Ciphers?" Lilly asked.

Kara nearly jumped out of bed when she heard Lilly's reply. "Yes, he's mastered most of the wind based magic expertise, Yet he favors all sorts of battle areas of wind magic" Kara responded. She then heard what else Lilly had to say.

"I'm cloaking myself right now but he may notice me soon. I believe I do but I never used them much I also believe I can write Ciphers" Kara added, She got up off the bed then started to walk around her room.

"H-How are Holly and Haley?" Kara asked.

"A strong opponent." Lilly said as she thought about what kind of magic he may use. "And no novice to the battlefield."

"Homing pigeons will be able to carry coded ciphers unnoticed. The ciphers are there to prevent people who aren't familiar with them from reading our messages." Lilly replied.

"Holly got a little carsick on the way home so she's sleeping it off right now. Haley's cloaking me while we speak," She then considered if she should include this piece of information. "despite the fact that she's wearing nothing but socks."

Kara listened to as Lilly explained a means of how they can talk. "I just hope this works I don't want to see any harm come to you" Kara replied.

She heard next what Lilly said.

"Give them a hug for me and tell them I miss them" Kara said. She blushed at Lilly's last comment. "I bet Haley looks cute as always" She added.

"I will do when Holly wakes up. Haley's going to get one anyway for helping me with this." Lilly replied.

"I hope we can talk again under less pressing circumstances. Any news on whether you can attend school or not?" Lilly answered. She then waited for Kara's answer.

"In order to prevent any interruptions or tracking, we're going to need to end this here. The ciphers I'll be using would be the word substitution ciphers mixed with code word ciphers. I'll send one as soon as I can. Take care." Lilly finished before ending to connection. The candle was burning low and Haley was starting to get tired from the cloaking magic.

Lilly turned to Haley and gave her a big hug.

"Thank you. Kara misses you and this hug is from her as well." Lilly said to Haley.

"I miss her, too. I wanna have more fun with her." Haley replied.

"I can still attend school, um, did you get anything in the mail like I did about the new changes?" Kara asked.

She then felt sad when Lilly said they would have to end their chatting. "W-wait" Kara cried out but it was to late Lilly had cut off the connection and Kara's own candle had burned out. She again felt alone. Her own cloaking magic seemed to leave her body.

Now she didn't know what to do it was now fairly late in the day. She wasn't feeling hungry at all and truly didn't want to see her Father again anytime soon.

"I'm lonely" Kara said.

After the hug, Lilly remembered Haley's lack of clothes.

"Put some clothes on, please. And pick some out for Holly when she wakes up as well."Lilly told Haley with a blush.

"But I like being like this." Haley answered before she headed out of the wardrobe and to her own.

Lilly left her wardrobe and went back to her room. Sure enough, as Kara had stated, there was a letter on her bed with her school's logo on. She had a rough idea what it would be about. She gave it a quick skim read and got familiar with the changes. She'd have to attend magic classes as well and she's also got advanced accounting classes at her Mother's orders. She wasn't too keen on the uniform, though she thought it was a little childish and revealing but she knew she could do nothing about it.

Lilly looked at the cat clock by her bed and saw that it was getting quite late and dinner would be soon. She decided to let Holly sleep a little longer and then wake her up before dinner.

She just wanted this day to end walking over she spotted the girl's clothes from earlier. Then placed them into the clothes hamper and walked into the closet. She changed out of her clothes and into a pure black night dress with matching black silk panties. Walking back into her room again she pulled back the covers of her bed.

"I hope everything goes okay tomorrow" Kara thought.

She turned off her lights to her room.

Twenty minutes later, Lilly was called down to dinner by a maid. She went to the twins' room and woke up Holly, who seemed to be feeling much better now. She gave Holly the hug from Kara and told Haley to come downstairs for dinner. The trio went downstairs and into the dining room where dinner was set.

Dinner went along in silence as each participant picked at and ate their food. Once dinner was over, Marie spoke up.

"Did you brats enjoy your time with her?" Marie asked the group.

"Yes, Mother." The trio answered.

"Well, too bad for you that she's getting sunk along with her old man. You little messes don't deserve to have a good time" Marie laughed.

"What?" Lilly asked.

"The bitch's sinking with her bastard Father. I've got all I need to wreck them."

"What are you saying?!"

Haley just looked down at the table. She'd known this for a long time.

"Brats like you wouldn't understand the adult world. It's full of backstabbing shitheads who don't care about one another. Survival of the fittest. You lot'll die first in the real world."

Lilly couldn't take any more. She was seething with rage. Kara was having a bad time because of her father and now this? Just what was going on?

"I'm going to my room." Lilly announced as she stood up and headed into her room. The twins followed after her.

Back in her room. Lilly lay on her bed with a raging fire of anger burning away at her. The twins slowly entered and sat at the bottom of the bed.

"Lilly. I've got something to tell you." Haley said. "It's about Kara's family and ours. The Ravenclaws and Seras have been at odds with each other for a very long time. It's got something to do with rivaling powers of control, I think. Anyway, the Seras and Ravenclaws have been trying to off each other for as long as this little disagreement has been going on. Kara herself probably knows this as well." Haley explained.

"So? What's that got to do with anything?"

"Well, as long as our family's are fighting then we can't be friends in public. It's all complicated stuff which I don't understand."

"I'm going to bed..." Lilly finished. She then stood up and went into her wardrobe to change into her nightclothes. Once finished, she left the closet and climbed into bed. She then set her alarm ready for school tomorrow. "Goodnight." Lilly said before she switched the lights out. Haley didn't listen and neither did Holly. They left the room and went into their own wardrobe and got into their nightclothes. They then went back to Lilly's room and shuffled into bed on either side of her.

"I don't wanna sleep alone tonight." Holly said.

"Neither do I." Haley agreed.

"I'd rather not be alone, either." Lilly said as she hugged her half-sisters. "If Mother won't love us, then who will?"

Kara remained awake for quite sometime she just stared up at the ceciling, She thought about what had taken place earlier that day with Lilly and the twins. She then thought about the recent events with her Father. Kara didn't really know what to do right this moment she felt scared and alone. Just like around the time when her Mother had died.

"What, can I do if I spend time with them Father will surely find out yet if I don't I'm alone" Kara thought.

She tried to picture the girls in her room with her all sharing the same bed. But her thoughts were troubled. She decided to one last time try and sent them something. Before falling a sleep Kara felt their small bodies in the wind she sent a gentle touch upon each of theirs heads.

This seemed to say 'I'm really lonely and miss you' The breeze soon died away as she fell asleep.

After and hour of lying in bed and feeling the warmth of each other's bodies, the group finally fell into a dreamless sleep.

While asleep, they felt a slight breeze on their faces. They twitched a little in the breeze.

Silent tears started to fall down their faces as they felt the loneliness in the breeze. They had no knowledge they were crying.

The sounds of the night seemed to echo the mood of the girls. No owls hooted. No nocturnal birds chirped. No noises could be heard, save for the gentle breaths of the sleeping trio.

Holly and Haley lay with one arm around Lilly. Lilly returned the hugs with her own beneath their small bodies.

"Don't leave me..." Haley muttered through her sleep.

While asleep Kara dreamed yet this dream seemed to be one of fear and bloodshed. Kara found herself standing in a familiar location. She again stood within the town square surrounded by three familiar bodies. They weren't the bodies from before these were the bodies of Lilly, Haley and Holly. Each girl's body was riddled with bullets holes along with various cuts across their bodies due to wind magic.

Pools of blood lay splattered about on the ground as Kara dropped to her knees. She cried out for each of them.

"Lilly, Haley, Holly" Kara screamed.

A light rain started to rain a rain that was pure blood fell upon Kara as she ran to the nearest. Body which happened to be Lilly's as she heard the dead body in her arms she cried tears of sadness.

"Come back to me angel. please come back don't leave me alone please!" Kara yelled.

She was tossing and turning in her bed while crying in her sleep.

The night went on and dawn came. Light trickled in from the half opened curtains on the window.

A ray of light landed on Lilly's phone and it reflected it onto the wall above the bed. The pre-set alarm went off and Lilly's hand reached over to switch the alarm off. It was around half seven in the morning.

School days were hard enough to wake up on and the events of the previous day made it worse. Lilly just lay in her bed and hugged the twins. She'd wait until a maid came in to wake her up. She had no intention of spending any more time than needed out of her room.

*010*2014-06-26 00:18

Another weekly chapter for you all so enjoy.

Chapter 8: Plans Set Into Motion

The first rays of sunlight shined into her room. While her arm clock went off waking up Kara felt dead tired she didn't have much sleep last night because of her nightmares. Pulling herself out of bed she slowly made her way into her bathroom. Turning on a light she looked at herself in the mirror.

Kara's face was still brused in places and a few cuts were upon her lips. How would she truly explain this to Lilly or anyone else. Turning around she took of her night clothes. Then stepped into the shower turning on the warm water, She let it fall upon her body yet her mind shifted over to Lilly and the others.

"How are they doing?" Kara thought.

She started to wash herself down with soap and then used shampoo to wash out her hair. Once finished about 15 min later. Kara got out of the showered and dried herself off with a towel. Before walking back into her room.

Ten minutes later, a maid knocked at Lilly's door and told her that it was time to get up. Mechanically, Lilly picked herself up out of her bed and woke the twins up.

"Mor'ing." Haley mumbled out.

"G'mornin." Holly yawned.

The twins left Lilly's bed and headed over to her bathroom. Haley was surprised that she had no accident the night before. Something about sleeping with Lilly must have been a sort of remedy for her. She wasted no time going to the toilet to ensure no accident happened. Holly followed on in after Haley and went about having a shower while Haley attended to her need. Afterwards, they swapped over. Once finished, they headed out of Lilly's room and back into their wardrobe to get ready for school.

Once the twins had left, Lilly followed suit and went about her morning routine. Once finished, she put on her old school outfit and headed down into the dining room. She'll most likely have to purchase the new school uniform today.

Kara put on her own set of clothes which was a crisp white blouse, a green, pleated, plaid skirt and a pair of white socks and shoes. She knew that today she would have had to dress in the new school uniform. But wasn't able to since she still needed to buy one. Combing her hair and then leaving the room. She made her way to her own dining room lucky for Kara. Her Father wasn't there.

She learned he had left a hour ago to work due to having to set up the days meeting with Marie's business partners. Glad to be alone she sat at the table and breakfast was brought out to her which was just some bacon and eggs. Eating the meal slowly she wondered just how the day would truly turn out. ten minutes later Kara finished eating. It was nearly time to leave for school walking out of the dining room,

Kara arrived at the front of the house and waited for the normal black limo to pull up. Which soon did stepped inside closed the door and the drove down the drive way. Kara pulled out her phone and texted Lilly.

'Windancer: I miss you so much :('

The trio met up on the stairs and headed down together. They were pleased to know that Marie had already left to go to work as the firm needed to sign some paperwork to finalise the 'agreement' between the Ravenclaws and them.

Breakfast was a simple small meal of toast and apricot jam. While eating, Lilly felt her phone go off. She took it out of her blouse pocket and saw a text from Kara.

'ShiroNeko: We'll meet up soon enough at school. He can't have monitoring 24/7 can he?'

Once finished, Lilly picked up her bag and headed out of the house with the twins. Considering their Mother had already gone to work, the ride to school won't happen. Thankfully, the school wasn't too far from Lilly's house so she could walk there. The twins' school was en route as well so she could drop them off.

She checked her phone and had gotten a text from Lilly.

'Windancer: He's got other things on his mind right now'

She sat the rest of the limo ride in silence and the limo soon pulled up to the school a little while later. Once getting out of the limo it seemed to speed off leaving Kara alone. She walked down the path to the school's gates and spotting the same tree. As before went over and stood under it. She hoped that Lilly would arrive soon.

Yet not far from where Kara was standing a young girl seemed to be watching her.

Lilly dropped the twins off at their school and said she'll come back to pick them up later. She then headed the rest of the way to her school. While walking, her phone went off and she saw another text from Kara. Assuming they'll meet again at school, Lilly decided not to reply to it as she was around five minutes away from school.

She arrived at school and headed down the path leading to it in her usual manner. She secretly kept her senses open to see if there were more empowered ones around and also, through this she could pinpoint Kara's location better. Sure enough, she found Kara under a tree. She waved her arrival and went over to Kara.

"So, back to school it seems. I wonder what magic classes will be like?" Lilly said to Kara.

Still feeling rather lonely and waiting under the tree. For Lilly to arrive she looked up and saw Lilly waving to her yet as Lilly walked over to her. Kara ran towards her and hugged her tightly "I missed you so much" Kara said as she nearly felt tears coming to her eyes. She let go of Lilly and blushed.

"It seems that way, I hope our classes are fun" Kara said to Lilly as she started walking towards the school. "I'm sorry again about yesterday and what I texted you" Kara replied. It appeared that they both had the same usual class for first period like before. The whole magical lessons bit would begin during the second period which would be a gathering in the auditorium.

However another girl seemed to be watching Lilly quite closely.

"Nice welcome I must say." Lilly chuckled as Kara hugged her randomly.

"School is school. It's never fun but, then again, it's never a bore." Lilly answered. "Like I said, I know you didn't mean any of it."

Lilly felt like she was being watched from somewhere. She opened up her senses a little more out of paranoia for another empowered one attacking her. She hoped it wouldn't come to that.

"I have a feeling we're being watched." Lilly whispered to Kara.

"It's not funny" Kara said. She felt slightly hurt that Lilly found her greeting funny. She followed Lilly into the school where other students were following suit. "I just want this day to be fun I'm tired of all that's happened" Kara replied. As they started walking down the hallways to their classroom.

"What do you mean watching us?" Kara asked.

The girl watching Lilly seemed to be followed by another one who was watching Kara. Yet both were shielded in magic to block themselves from being found out.

Once they reached the classroom. Kara and Lilly walked inside and took their seats however the two girls followed inside. Then started talking to the teacher about something.

"I have a feeling like we're being watched from afar. They could be assassins. I can't sense them with magic but my instincts tell me that they're watching us closely." Lilly answered.

Something really weird was going on. Lilly felt the feeling of being watched until she reached the classroom and it still didn't go away. She took her seat and hoped that it was just her imagination.

Kara listened to what was said but said nothing in return as she took seat.

Up in the front of the room both girls were still talking to the teacher. While the other students were busy getting to their seats and sitting down. Soon everyone was in their seats and the teacher backed away from both girls for a moment.

"Class, it appears we have two new students joining us this placement" He said.

The first girl had black locks cascade to her lower back. While her bangs drop to her shoulders speaking of eyes, she has cold black eyes that glow an erie yellow. Her eyelashes are neatly crved, and her thin, curved eyebrows fit perfectly on her beautiful face. A small, sharp and well-formed nose and thin, pinkish lips complotes her beautiful face she wears a pair of violet earrings on her ears the earrings are in the shape of a single crystal.

She was dressed in a aqua blue blouse with small fish like buttons and a short mid-thigh length cream coloured pleated skirt. With white socks and black trainers this girl seemed to take a long look at Lilly though and smiled at her.

The second girl had long blonde hair that reached down to her back. Followed by ocean blue eyes. She had a gentle smile upon her face a rosey cheeks she was dressed in a single leaf green t-shirt that showed off her b-cup chest perfectly and a small black skirt that also seemed to reach mid-thigh along with a pair of white socks and shoes. This girl seemed to take a look at Kara.

"I'd like to welcome Yukina Silvermain and Yvraine Mckeena" The teacher said.

"Yukina?!" Lilly quietly gasped in shock. She turned to Kara. "That's her! That's got to be! She's the water user."

Lilly was now on high alert. The water user who made her a complete laughing stock is now in the same class as her. This will cause a lot of complications.

"Why her? Why did she have to come here?!" Lilly thought in dismay. This ought to be a really long and gruelling year of school

Kara heard Lilly gasp and looked over at her. "So, that's her the water user is this Yukina person?" Kara whispered to her. Before turning back and looking at both of the new girls.

Yukina remained silent she looked over at Lilly and smiled a gentle smile at her. While Yvraine just stared at Kara who seemed to shake a little at this.

The teacher looked around a spotted two empty desks.

"Yukina please take the one next to Lilly on her left, and Yvraine there's an empty desk in the second row" The teacher mentioned.

Both girls walked to their seats. Yukina sat down next to Lilly and looked over at her "I hope we can be friends" She said.

"Positive!" Lilly answered,

Now was the time that Lilly had to use her people's skills to get through this. Any good money lender has to put on a brave face and make it seem like they're kind.

"Yeah. Me too." Lilly replied with a smile. She couldn't help but allow a slight quiver in her voice.

"I'm screwed, I'm screwed, I'm SO SCREWED!" Lilly screamed in her head.

She turned and looked over at Yukina for a moment. Then leaned towards Lilly "um, did something happen between you to?" Kara asked after she heard the slight quiver in Lilly's voice. Yvraine had turned around in her seat and seemed to glare murder at Kara. Who had moved away from Lilly. Yet she moved forward towards her.

"I know what you did that day bitch, I'll have my revenge" Yvraine hissed.

Kara turning to face her didn't really understand what she meant.

Yukina smiled back though still shielded decided to remind Lilly of their little time together. Closing her eyes she created a small puddle of water under the chair of Lilly's desk. The puddle seemed to grow in size for a couple minutes before. Stopping and Yukina opened her eyes again.

A student sitting to Yukina's left side heard a small hissing sound and turned to see the puddle under Lilly's chair thought Lilly seemed to not notice the puddle upon the ground. "Disgusting, Miss Adams Lilly here just wet herself in class" The student called out.

"Remember the talk in the bath? Yukina made me wet myself mid battle." Lilly replied with a blush.

"Eh?!" Lilly said when she heard the student make a comment. She looked down. There was a puddle forming under her chair. She turned bright red. "T-that's not true at all!" She spluttered out. What was this student thinking?

Kara blushed as she nodded to what Lilly had just said. Before she heard the student two seats over call out to the teacher. Looking over she saw the small puddle on the ground.

"Yes, yes it is I heard a sound" The student said. Miss Adams looked at Lilly then over to the student. "Lilly is what Kerri said true, did you have an accident in my classroom?" Miss Adams asked her.

"Of course not! I'm not a child!" Lilly answered. "She's lying!"

Despite her confidence in her answer, she was still blushing bright red. This girl must have had a deathwish to make a girl of the Sera family look bad. If she had never met Kara, Lilly would have ordered for this girl to be executed but now she'd changed. She hated what her family did and she didn't want no part of it.

"I can prove I didn't! My skirt's dry and so's my seat." Lilly finished.

Miss Adams took this all. "Okay I believe you" Miss Adams seemed to say. With a hint of mistrust in her voice. She looked back of at Kerri and shook her head. "Kerri next don't lie to me" Miss Adams went on to say. "But I'm not lying" Kerri stated but Miss Adams didn't believe her. She went on to take role call and started calling out students names.

Puddle behind Lilly's chair vanished from sight. Before a paper ball was thrown at her from across the room. Miss Adams didn't seem to see it. Once role call was finished Miss Adams went over the assigment.

"Okay, class today we will be going over our most recent assignment of the current events of the city" She said.

Thankfully, nothing came of the accusation but it was sure to spark a good number of rumours.

Lilly breathed a sigh of relief before she felt something hit her.

"Ow!" Lilly quietly called out in surprise. She looked down at where she felt the missile come from and a small paper ball was on the floor. She picked up the ball and unrolled it to see what was inside.

On the inside of the paper was written.

'I saw you that day acting all high and mightly yet embarrassed like hell maybe I should post the pictures I took on the net"

The period seemed to drag on as Kara walked on her assignment every now and then she'd look. Up to see Yvraine looking at her with a looked of pure hatred in her eyes. She tried to not look at her.

It seemed like after a short while the period had ended. Kara started to put away her assignment and books. "Well, it's time for magic class" Kara told Lilly.

Throughout the whole first period, Lilly was wondering just what the note meant and who wrote it. Could it have been Yukina referring to their little bout on the bridge or was it someone else?

Lilly kept thinking until the bell rang, which startled her a little. She packed away her things and headed out of the door. She hear Kara say something.

"Yeah. I wonder what it'll be like. We're in the auditorium, right?" Lilly answered.

'Yep that's where we go next" Kara said with a cheerful smile. She waited for Lilly to finish packing up her stuff which she did and walked towards the front of the room. Where Kara was waiting for her/ Yet before Lilly arrived Yvraine walked past Kara and whispered to her.

"I know what you did that day you bitch!" Yvraine hissed. She walked away down the hallway leaving Kara to wonder what she ,meant again by that. Yukina followed moments later. Then Lilly came and they walked down the hallways together. More minutes seemed to pass and they reached the auditorium,

Opening the doors Kara walked inside. Already several other kids were sitting in several rows the auditorium was a large room that had many chairs it could seat up to 500 students, "Where shall we sit?" Kara asked. As she walked down the pathway of seats. It seemed that both Yukina and Yvraine were also there.

"I don't mind." Lilly answered as she walked down the aisle in the centre of the auditorium. She looked down each row and saw Yukina and the other new girl there. "I knew they were empowered!" Lilly quietly said to Kara.

Lilly made sure to stay far away from Yukina. She didn't want any more water torture.

"I think we should sit away from them." Lilly suggested to Kara.

As Kara looked around the room there seemed to be about 13 other kids there. Which made it 15 in total. "So, this Yvraine is also an empowered one I wonder what her powers are?" Kara whispered to Lilly. She walked down and sat in one of the empty rows. Which were several rows away from the other girls.

It seemed everyone else was busy just chatting and wondering just what all this was about. Two teacher came up to a stand upon the stage one was a male and the other female. The male was dressed in a white shirt and black slacks. The female was dressed in a red and blue shirt with a small white pleated skirt.

It was the male who spoke up first.

"Okay students please quiet down I'm sure you'll all wondering why your all here" He said.

"Maybe Earth? I'm not too sure." Lilly answered. She hoped it wasn't anything cold, wet or had any links to water.

She took her seat next to Kara and listened to what the two teachers were saying.

"Maybe or it could be something else" Kara answered back. She then listened to what the teacher was saying.

"The reason why your all here today is because we know what you all. Each of you has a certain power under your command and we are here to show you how to better use that power" He said. the female teacher was next to speak up.

"My name is Mrs June, and through the rest of the year we will be teaching you magic" Mrs June said. While looking at everyone "But first I'd like to test two of you out in a small magical test" She added. Her gaze shifted over to Yvraine "Would you please come up here" She asked then looked over at Lilly. "You to Miss" She added.

"Me?!" Lilly gasped. She complied with what the teacher asked and went to the front of the auditorium.

"What would you like me to do?" She asked Ms June.

"Yes" Ms June told her. Yvraine also walked up to the front of the room.

"I'd like to to just show us a small bit of what you can do?" Ms June asked, She looked back at Yvraine and mentioned her to do the same. Though she'd wait until after Lilly was done.

"Okay." Lilly answered.

She created a small spark of white fire at the end of her finger and sent it flying around the room. She made sure that it touched nothing flammable. She sent it back to herself and dismissed it. She then jumped into the air and created a small platform of white fire beneath herself. She stood on the platform and engulfed herself in a plume of white fire. She then created her twin swords and cloaked them in flame.

"Like that?" She asked Mrs June. "I've got some more powers but they're a little intrusive."

She wondered what Yvraine would do.

Mrs June smiled as she saw what Lilly could do. "Yes that is perfect" Mrs June said. She then motioned for Yvraine to began.

Walking forward it appeared that small grass blades and flowers started to bloom around her, From out of the wood in the floor. A beam of sun light seemed to shine in from the window into the room. Then bath Yvraine in it's light the blades of grass seemed to grow higher, Before Yvraine picked one of the blades and tossed it into the air. The blade of grass seemed to take on a life of it's own as it was cut into tiny pieces.

"Is that ok?" Yvraine asked.

Lilly watched intently as Yvraine went about her display of magic. It's better to know just what your opponent can do in case of combat classes. Nature burns easily so Lilly thought that, if she ever faced off against Yvraine, it'll be an easy match.

"Anything more you want us to do?" Lilly asked Mrs June.

"Yes, that went really well" Mrs June told Yvraine.

Kara watched as Yvraine did her magic act upon the stage. "So, she can use nature magic" Kara thought.

Looking back at Lilly, Mrs June spoke once again. "Do, either of you guys have outfits to change into during battle magical practice if so, can you show us?" Mrs June asked her. She also asked Yvraine this same question.

Yvraine nodded her head. As a wave of leaves seemed to swirl around her body as the magic did it's work. Soon Yvraine changed into her battle outfit.

Around her neck and both her arms appeared to be a small white cloak. In her blond hair was a reef of many different types of flowers and leaves. A Small bra of orange leaves covered her breasts through the middle part was open and a small brown belt went around under it. Covering her crotch was her panties which were the same orange leave color as the bra covering her breasts. Upon the sides were small brown gems.

Weird question to ask but Lilly didn't care.

"Okay." Lilly answered.

She watched as Yvraine went about the outfit change. Her outfit was a little daring and rather revealing. Lilly couldn't help but blush at it. Once Yvraine had finished, Lilly changed into her outfit as well. She believed that her outfit was much cuter than Yvraine's.

The usual change came over Lilly after she was engulfed in white flames.

"Here it is." Lilly said to Mrs June.

Yvraine looked over at Lilly who changed into her battle outfit. She looked at it seemed that she was afraid to reveal anything that could change given time.

"Good, you girls may change back please" Mrs June said.

Yvraine changed back into her normal clothes and walked off the stage. Then took her seat she nect called up Kara and Yukina to the stage. Once Lilly had changed back both girls walked up to the stage. Mrs June asked both girl's the same questions she had asked both Lilly and Yvraine.

During Yukina's magical act she called forth small balls of ice that seemed to float. Around the room before exploding into little snowflakes.

Lilly changed back into her normal clothes and headed off back to her seat. Kara and Yukina were now called up.

Lilly hoped that Yukina wouldn't do any water play this time as she knew what it may do to her. Thankfully, Yukina's magical display consisted of just making little snowflakes. Lilly had no problems with this. In fact, she like the look of snowflakes.

Kara's display of magic was various creations of wind magic that blew across the stage. Yet as she was going about her business Kara seemed to stagger alittle a grab her head in pain. "Kara are you alright?" Mrs June asked her.

Kara shook her head slightly as she heard a voice in her head. "You truly think by locking me away truly saved you?" The voice spoke. "I-I'm fine" Kara replied. She ignored the voice in her mind as she ended her display of magic.

Yukina then changed into her battle outfit like before in a display. Of pure water magic she looked over at Lilly and hoped this had an affect on her. Kara did the same moments later and then both girl's changed back into their clothes and walked off the stage.

Lilly watched as Kara started her display of magic. She was shocked when Kara suddenly grabbed her head and had a pained look in her face. She'll ask her about than when they're dismissed.

As expected.

Yukina was just warming up with the snowflakes. When she changed it was almost like back on the bridge. Lilly felt her bladder fill up from all the water in the transformation. She shifted in her seat. She hoped she'd get a chance to go after this lesson.

Once Kara came back to her seat, Lilly asked her the question she'd been wanting to ask since the magical display.

"What happened? You okay?" Lilly asked Kara. "You looked like you were in pain."

"I-I don't know, my head just started to hurt" Kara told Lilly. As the other students were called up to display their magic. Kara watched them do so. but wondered just what the voice in the back of her mind meant. Once the other students were finished Mrs June spoke again.

"I've decided we shall have a small magical duel for fun Yvraine and Lilly would you girls like to star in this match?" Mrs June asked.

"Yes" Yvraine spoke. As she started to walk back up to the stage again.

"Maybe you should take a breather for a few minutes." Lilly suggested.

The display went on for the other students. Lilly made quick notes on what they could do and what to look out for in case of combat classes.

It would appear that that moment came sooner than Lilly expected when she was called up to duel Yvraine, the Nature User, as Lilly called her.

"Fine by me. Although, I don't think the auditorium is the best place to fight." Lilly replied as she went up on to the stage.

Kara listened to what Lilly had said. "Sure that will work out" Kara replied. Mrs June then gathered the group of students and led them outside of the auditorium. "This way please" She said. Mrs June led the group away from the school.

Yvraine kept her gaze fixed on Lilly as she walked with the other kids. She knew she was at a disadvantage in fighting a fire user. But she had fought and beaten plenty of them in the past. After all her older sister was the one who taught her magic. Well at least before she was killed that is.

Mrs June led the group to a small clearing. "If you girls would get ready please" She said.

Lilly followed the class out into the clearing by the sports field. She knew she was at an elemental advantage but she also knew that excess nature can extinguish a fire. She would have to act carefully and not get caught in the moment.

Once asked to, Lilly changed back into her battle outfit.

"Who'll take the first strike?" She asked as she created her twin swords and cloaked them in fire.

Yvraine changed into her own battle outfit and stood not far from Lilly.

"You can go first, the person who get's hit five times loses the match" Mrs June explained. She turned to the group of kids. "I want you all to watch this match closely" Mrs June said.

Yukina seemed to be watching Lilly rather closely again.

"A misdirection?!" Lilly gasped. "I knew I shouldn't underestimate her." She quietly said to herself as she felt blades of grass wrap around her legs.

Lilly tried to rip the grass off but it wasn't working. She then tried to burn away at them with a small amount of fire magic. No luck.

"Inferno." Lilly cast. Her body was cloaked in white flames. She hoped that this would burn away at the grass.

"I;ve fought your kind plenty of times in the past and know how to deal with them" Yvraine spoke. The grass holding on Lilly was burned away freeing her. Reaching down Yvraine picked a small flower from the ground. She then plucked it's flower pedals from the stem and they floated in the area. Then looked at the ground to Lilly's left and right sides.

The ground seemed to shake before two rather large roots erupted forth from the ground. Their roots seemed to shot out towards Lilly.

"There's too much greenery. I can't fight her like this! Wait, greenery! If I get her away from that then maybe..." Lilly thought as she dived away from the roots.

She then ran towards the empty car park close to the field. She shot back a fireball towards Yvraine as a means of taunting and self defence.

Yvraine saw the fireball coming towards her and Lilly running away. The flower pedals were still in the air before her which Yvraine used as a shield to block the fireball. But some of the fire had gotten through and burned parts of her arms and legs. Meaning Yvraine only could get hit four more times.

Yvraine followed after Lilly yet when she reached the empty car park. She stopped she may be at a disadavntage but she had other means to attack Lilly. A small green aura formed around her body looking into the sky. Yvraine spotted a couple of birds they seemed to notice Yvraine and flew down towards her they landed upon both her shoulder. Before she sent them at Lilly in attempts attack her.

"First flowers and now birds?!" Lilly asked in dismay. She quickly threw up a hastily made fire shield in hopes of deterring the birds. Wild animals were naturally scared of fire. She just hoped whatever magic Yvraine may have cast on them didn't remove this.

If any attack hit the shield, it'll likely break as it was only quickly made.

The birds flew around Lilly they saw the shield she had created. One of the birds flew towards it while the other one circled overhead then rushed downwards towards Lilly's head. Looking around the car park Yvraine knelt down and placed a hand upon the ground.

"Earthquake" Yvraine cast the entire ground of the cark park started to shake wildly. As cracks began to form on the ground all around Lilly several holes started to form.

Seemed the wall had the intended effects, until Lilly felt a bird crash into her from the side. Bird beaks were surprisingly sharp. The bird's beak skimmed past and cut a small line in Lilly's arm. She'd been hit once, only four more times left.

The fire shield fell and the other bird flew straight through. It only just missed Lilly's head. She quickly escaped the bird prison and ran towards Yvraine. She then felt the ground shake and small cracks start to appear in it.

"Earthquakes too?! What next?" Lilly groaned. She'd get nowhere running away so she sprinted towards Yvraine. She hoped she was more oriented towards distance combat.

It seemed that the birds had hurt Lilly only a little bit. Then sprint towards her seeing as how Lilly wasn't attacking her yet Yvraine moved backwards away from Lilly. The ground seemed to carry her away from Lilly and place her gently on the ground. In the middle of the grassy field again looking around she spotted some mud. Using some magic upon the mud it began to bubble then took on a shape.

The shape appeared to be that of a mud man. That was the same size of Yvraine the mund man then walked towards Lilly.

Yukina who had been watching the fight with interest had spotted a small puddle on the ground. Near where the car park was located thinking she decided to form several others. Small puddle of water began to form around the other puddle which made a now larger one.

Noticing how Yvraine was retreating, Lilly concluded that she was a ranged combatant. Excellent opponent against a melee champion. Lilly continued her sprint towards Yvraine when she heard water splashing. She looked down a saw a huge puddle.

"Might be dangerous to run on the mud now." Lilly considered. She thought that the puddle was likely to cause the mud to be slippery and have lower footing.

She noticed the mud man which Yvraine had made and paid no attention to it. She had one target and only one target. Yvraine. She flashed towards Yvraine and did a feint slash to see if this was a real Yvraine. It wasn't going to lead into a combo but it could still damage.

Yvraine saw as Lilly flashed towards her. She seemed to ignore the mud man for now at least. Who seemed to stop moving towards her. It wasn't until Lilly was close by and brought her swords down again not having time to escape she felt the blade. Cut across her chest drawing blood. Meaning she now had three hits left.

"Shit" Yvraine cursed

Jumping back the blades of grass around where Yvraine had been shot upwards at Lilly. The blades of grass where shaped like spears they wouldn't impale or kill her just hurt her by cutting her.

Lilly's hit seemed to strike the real Yvraine. Now that she was facing a partial illusionist, she was quite thankful that she had Haley on her team in the spar yesterday.

With no time to celebrate, spears of grass shot out of the ground and struck against Lilly. This meant she only had three hits lefts.

"Quit running!" She told Yvraine.

"I'm not running I've got you back right where I want you!" Yvraine shouted. She placed both hands upong the ground when it started to shake wildy. Soon to both the left and right sides of Lilly two large giant hands made out of the very earth themselves began to form and take shape. Getting back to her feet she smiled.

The left most hand shot forwards towards Lilly in a means to grab her and crush her between it's fingers. However the right hand moved back towards where Yvraine was currently standing.

"Either way, you're still being a coward!" Lilly retaliated.

She felt the earth shake and two giant hands materialised. The left one shot towards her. She nimbly back flipped to avoid it. She then sent a lance of fire towards Yvraine in an attempt at hitting her.

Yvraine said nothing back to Lilly. The right arm moved forwards and blocked her body as the flame lance. Struck it a small fire formed upon the hand. Then both hands merged back into the ground and another brighter green aura formed around her body. A great build of magical power was started to build within and around Yvraine.

"Isha" Yvraine said.

She felt a rush of power inside of her as another personality seemed to take over.

"Pitiful" Yvraine said in a cold voice that wasn't her own.

Looking over she spotted a tree near-by pointing to it agreat deal of leaves began to fall to the ground. As the mud man seemed to blend back into the earth. As the leaves floated around into the air Yvraine sent the flying at Lilly.

The lance seemed to be blocked by the hand. Lilly was really starting to get annoyed with this person.

"Why won't you burn?!" She shouted. "Burn, burn, BURN!"

Lilly didn't care that there were leave flying at her. She knew what she'd do.

"Pale Spiral." Lilly cast. A huge spiral of flames left her outstretched hand and tore through the leaves towards Yvraine's body. "BURN!"

Yvraine rose a hand into the sky and a gaint wall of earth shot forth from the ground. Just as the flames ground the wall being as it was a powerful attack the earthw all broke apart. Seering heat and flames washed over Yvraine's body as she was knocked to the ground. She had taken a hit which meant she had two left.

Getting back to her feet the leaves that still remained in the sky. They had yet to be burned shot towards Lilly.

"Your weak!" Yvraine snapped.

Placing both hands together the blades of leaves surrounded Lilly and created a hiuge circle around her before pressing inwards towards her.

The flames made contact with the target but the missiles still remained intact. The cut through Lilly's outfit and created several small cuts all over her body. She had two hits left before she'd be eliminated.

"If only I could get close." Lilly thought as she ran towards Yvraine. "Last ditch effort. Hope it works."

Lilly cloaked her body in flames and a small countdown appeared above her head. It was counting down 30 seconds.

Yvraine smiled and she looked up into the sky towards the sun. She had a plan forming to head this match here and now. Several of the leaves still remained and she sent them at Lilly again.

"Solar Beam" Yvraine spoke.

Particles of yellow energy back to form into the sky above Yvraine's head. They started to form into what appeared to be a large mean of magical energy. Though it would take time to complete.

Lilly avoided the oncoming leaves with practised expertise. She swerved in and out and dived high and low while running. Not a single leaf hit her. The countdown over her head was now at 24 seconds.

She ignored the solar beams and headed straight for her target. She hoped to get close enough and at least get one more strike in before her timer ticked out. She dashed towards Yvraine and tried a double slash from top right to bottom left and from left to right.

The solar beam in the sky overhead was still being formed. Seeing as how the leaves didn't hit her at all Yvraine. Let them fall to the ground just as Lilly got within range of her again. Yvraine felt the first cut strike her. Cutting into flesh Lilly's blade seemed to cut through part of her bra to reveal a small breast.

Looking up the energy had finished gathering over head. "Fire" Yvraine yelled. The yellow energy beam fired at Lilly from high in the sky. Just as her second attack struck Yvraine's body.

Seems the timer wasn't needed at all. Lilly managed to strike twice but will they be counted? Now the timer was in progress, this was destined to be a stalemate unless a verdict comes within 18 seconds.

Lilly let the beam strike her. It really did feel like she'd crashed straight into the sun. She let it burn through her and felt another strike being knocked off her total, leaving her with one left. Not that it mattered as the timer'll take care of it within 12 seconds.

The match seemed to end with 12 seconds left. The two hits from Lilly were counted which meant that she had won the battle. Mrs June walked forward and cast healing magic on both girls. 'That was a great match you two" She said with a smile.

Yvraine looked over at Lilly. "Nice match" Yvraine replied with a smile. She turned away and walked back to the other having changed back into her normal clothes.

Yukina watched Lilly with a look of hatred in her eyes.

The battle ended, the countdown stopped and Lilly was declared the winner.

"You fought well. Never before have I had to resort to self-destruct magic. The battle was so close." Lilly replied.

She changed back into her normal outfit and rejoined the group. She went back over to Kara.

Kara smiled as Lilly returned over to her. "I didn't think you'd win that the match seemed fairly close" Kara replied as she looked over at Yvraine. Who was busy looking away over at Mrs June. "Well. anyway good match" Kara added.

Yukina was still looking at Lilly. "Damn bitch was suppose to lose that fight" Yukina thought. She felt like attacking Lilly here and now or at least embarrassing her to no end. Yet Yvraine placed a calming hand upon her shoulder and shook her head.

Mrs June began to speak to the group again.

"I'd like each of you to pick one partner among our class this partner of yours shall be your magic buddy. For the remainder of the school year plus you shall be teaching each other as well" Mrs June spoke.

"Thanks for the vote of confidence." Lilly joked to Kara in reply. "I seriously thought I'd lose as well."

Mrs June announced that the group had to pick a 'magic buddy' for the rest of the year. Lilly considered Kara as a potential candidate but she needed to clarify something first.

"Excuse me," She called over to Mrs June. "Does the magical buddy have to be of the same affinity or can they be a different affinity?" Lilly asked.

Mrs June turned and faced Lilly. "It can be either the same or of a different one" She told Lilly. before deciding on next of what to say.

"Class for the remainder of the period to those who you have pair up with. I'd like you to find out two of their strengths and weaknesses" Mrs June said before going on. "Second your project for this month I'd like you to help each other in creating a new attack for each other" She added.

"But at least we know what kind of powers Yvraine has control over" Kara stated.

"I guess so." Lilly replied to Kara.

After Mrs June's confirmation, Lilly was sure who she'd want as her partner for the year.

"Um, would you like to be my partner?" Lilly asked Kara with a blush. "D-don't get me wrong. It's just that, well, we already know a bit about each other and I guess..." Lilly's voice trailed off at the end.

Kara looked over at Lilly. "Um, sure that would be fun" Kara replied with her own blush. She looked at Lilly closer and leaned forward "I'd like that to change" She whispered before leaning back. Then looking at the other groups of students who were busy forming into their own groups.

It seemed that Yvraine and Yukina formed into a group. Though Yukina was pissed off she wanted Lilly as her partner because of all the fun she could have with her. "Damn it" Yukina snapped.

"Yeah." Lilly replied with a slight smile. She couldn't help but blush more at Kara's next remark. "W-what do you mean?! Why would we want that?"

Anyway, now that partners were out of the way, it was time to begin the task at hand.

"Two strengths and two weaknesses. We already know at least one of those each don't we?" Lilly asked. "For strengths, I'm a peerless acrobat. Due to my bound animal, I have the grace and agility of a cat so I'm pretty good at most dexterous things. What about you?"

"Because, as I said I'd like for things to change between us" Kara replied. "There's some things that I wish for us to know about each other given time" Kara added. She listened to what else Lilly had to say about her strengthes and weakness.

"Well, I've able to ride the wind currents whenever I wish it just seems to come easy for me. You could say I have my own bound animal that let's me soar the skies whenever I wish." Kara spoke as she tried to make it sound simple enough.

"For a weakness, well, you know what water does to me. I guess that's all I can think of for weaknesses." Lilly said. "I guess thunder and lightening might also be counted as a big weakness of mine. You know why." Lilly added as she indicated where her lightening patterning is on her back.

She had a rough idea as to what Kara's weaknesses were but she still wasn't sure about them just yet.

"My own weakness, as I'm guessing you know would be blood" Kara quickly said. She didn't wish to speak anymore of that. As she heard what else Lilly had said. "You could also say another weakness of mine would be the cold-hearted personality of mine that only cares about killing and bloodlust" Kara said quietly.

Just speaking about that she seemed to grab her head in pain again. "You enjoyed that time I know you did" The voice seemed to say.

Kara shook her head and the voice stopped speaking.

"If you could, maybe, control the bloodlust, it might be counted as a great strength as you'll be able to keep going in a fight." Lilly suggested. "I'm afraid blood is unavoidable in our line of work."

Speaking of magic, blood and fear, Lilly thought back to the duel yesterday and her half-sisters' ascension to magical power.

"I wonder how they're doing?" Lilly thought to herself.

Holly was listening attentively in her English class as she took notes on how to use word substitution to create a variety of effects in pieces of literature and Haley was falling asleep behind her propped up and open English textbook.

"So bored." Haley quietly groaned to her sister, who was sitting on the desk next to her.

"Shush!" Holly quietly answered. "I'm trying to take notes here. Maybe you should try it some time?"

"I will when lessons become interesting." Haley groaned back.

Kara heard what Lilly had to say. "It might but I can't do that not at this time" Kara answered back. She didn't want to try and think about that time. When she had been nothing but a blood-crazy monster. "I don; think you'd want to see me like that" Kara spoke.

The voice seemed to speak again. "Let me out you know you want to" The voice spoke.

"I guess that might be a bad idea." Lilly answered. "Now, how about our combination attack?"

Back in the twins' English lesson, Haley had had enough boredom. She wanted the lesson to become more interesting,

"I want an interesting lesson for once." Haley quietly annoyed Holly again. An idea then hit her. "Wait, I can make it more interesting!"

"Don't even think about it." Holly said as she caught the mischievous glint in Haley's eyes. She knew what this meant.

"Too late, already did." Haley answered with a smile. She then looked at her teacher, a grouchy old man in his early fifties who hated teaching but had been stuck in it until retirement, and thought of something really devious. She thought back to how many times he had denied her from going to the toilet and made her wet herself in class and how many times he had given her double the amount of homework for doing so and 'disrupting his lesson'. She knew what she'd do.

Kara half listened to Lilly at first but her attention returned when. Lilly had spoke about a combination attack. "Sure that will work out yet how do you want to go about it?" Kara asked. She had a view ideas of what they could do together.

"Yes, that's it use more of that power" The voice spoke again. Kara again grabbed her head in pain.

"Well, I'd like to- " Lilly started to say when she saw Kara grab her head in pain. "You okay? You want me to call the teacher over?" Lilly asked, worried about Kara's health.

Haley projected the Illusion of the teacher's voice becoming like a chipmunk's to the entire class. Sure enough, to her ears as well, he sounded really stupid with such a high pitched voice. She couldn't help but giggle to herself. She hated her teacher. Se hated him with a passion. She never wanted to be stuck in his home group for this year but she was forced to. She loved how she heard the rest of the class giggle a little at his voice as well. He seemed to notice it but he decided to ignore it for now, until Haley spoke up.

"Don't do it. You'll be sent to the Headmaster's office again." Holly quietly said to Haley before she stood up.

"Sir, I can't quite understand what you are saying. You sound like a chipmunk. Can you speak a little clearer for me, please." Haley asked, putting on her exemplar cute student act.

"I-I'm fine" Kara said as her aching head returned to normal. "No, I'll be okay" She added. Kara wasn't sure why this now of all times was happening to her. "So, what would you like to to?" Kara asked wanting to change the subject.

"Ah, I've got an idea can you create birds of fire?" Kara asked. As an idea was forming in her head something that she remembered reading about in the past.

"If you say so." Lilly answered, still not quite believing Kara's supposed wellness. "If you ever start to fell weird, tell me and I'll call the teacher over. Okay?"

"I've never tried it before but I'll be willing to give it a go." Lilly replied. She kind of thought that Kara was talking about phoenixes when referring to 'birds of fire'.

"Young lady, just what are you going on about? Are you hard of hearing? Do you wish to sit at the front of the class?" Haley's teacher answered angrily. Although, it kind of lost its effect when it was said with the squeaky voice Haley made him have to the other students.

"No, Sir. I've got perfect hearing, or so my doctor says. It's just that you sound rather squeaky and all that." Haley replied with her innocent smile.

"You're pushing you luck..." Holly quietly said to Haley. "Stop it while you're ahead!"

"Last warning. If you keep insulting me like that you'll go to the headmaster's office!" Haley's teacher retaliated.

"Oh no! Please, Sir, have mercy!" Haley answered, trying to sound like she was scared, upset and hurt. "I didn't mean anything funny. I promise you!" Haley added with her fingers crossed behind her back.

"I'll let you know" Kara said. Wanting to be done with that subject for now at least.

"Yeah, I remember reading in a story once about a character named Darien using a fire-bird. As one of his attacks and I thought maybe we could create one" Kara said with a smile.

Elsewhere

Kale had finally set up everything he had needed for this day. The meeting with Marie's business partners was all ready and set up.

"Little bitch today's the day everything you've ever created shall belong to me"

"It's possible but it will take some magical control and I may need to see Haley about illusion magic, which would probably be what I create the bird out of." Lilly answered.

She knew that there was definitely something up with Kara today but she just couldn't place it. She decided to keep a close eye on her all day.

"I warned you." Holly sighed.

"Young lady, go straight to the Headmaster's office this instant!" Haley's teacher shouted, to which Haley flinched.

"Y-yes Sir." Haley replied. She couldn't help but tremble a little. She never expected him to shout at her. She collected her things and headed towards the Headmaster's office.

"So, would Haley be the one you'd like to teach as well is how to use her magic?" Kara asked. As she listened to what Lilly had to say before.

"But, can you create say other things out of fire that you wouldn't need help with?" Kara also asked.

Yukina and Yvraine had formed their own little group and were going about their own business. Yet both girls were staring at Kara and Lilly once again.

"Unless you want her. She's quite the handful after all." Lilly answered with a smile.

"I can create minor things but, overall, shaping flames isn't really my area of expertise." Lilly replied.

Needless to say, Haley's visit to the Headmaster's office was quite eventful. She entered with a dry skirt and panties and left with them soaked in urine and a red raw rear. Nonetheless, she was also offered an interesting opportunity. The Headmaster suggested that she changed schools to the newly restored 'Evergreen'. She knew that this is where Lilly attended along with Kara so she thought that she could have some fun teasing them and playing around with them. The Headmaster seemed to know that she can create illusions as well and read into a person's past so this experience should be a good one. She ran back to Holly to break to her the good news.

"I'll teach her for now and you can teach Holly then we can switch at some point?" Kara asked. She wondered how she could help Lilly out with her shaping flames.

"Since we got you down now what about myself? I'd like to try something along the lines of a joint attack" Kara spoke.

It was then that Mrs June spoke up. "Excause me class but it's time for everyone here to go get their new school uniforms" Mrs June said.

"Fine by me." Lilly shrugged. "Haley's easily brought with sweets so use them if she doesn't listen."

"I don't know much about wind magic but I'm sure we can come up with something. What do you have in mind?" Lilly asked.

Mrs June then announced that it was time to get the new uniforms. Lilly just sighed and shook her head.

"I'm not looking forward to the new uniforms. I think they're kind of childish." Lilly said to Kara.

Haley ran into her classroom and ignored the laughs from her classmates which were obviously in response to the wet patch on Haley's skirt and the small drip trail which followed behind her.

"Holly, you won't believe this!" Haley beamed to Holly.

"You're turning over a new leaf and leaving behind your troublemaker self?" Holly offered.

"NO! We're being transferred to Lilly's school!" Haley answered.

"Huh?!"

"I'm sure I can think of other ways to get Haley to listen to me" Kara said with a smile.

"Well, how does a combination of one of our strongest attacks sounds? we would have to work out how to do it?" Kara added. She then heard as Mrs June spoke about getting their new uniforms.

"They are okay I had to wear one at my old boarding school, plus I'm sure it will look good on you" Kara pointed out.

"That might work but it'll take a lot of synchronisation to pull off properly." Lilly replied.

"Y-you're just saying that." Lilly blushed. She felt her heart start to beat faster. "A-anyway, if it's the school's rules then I have to abide by them."

"We're getting transferred to Lilly's school!" Haley repeated. "This'll be so much fun!"

"Why am I coming along?" Holly asked.

"Because I don't want to be in a strange place all by myself." Haley replied with a slight downcast look.

"You won't be alone. You'll have Lilly and Kara to mess around with."

"But they're older than me. I'll be all alone in class."

"So? Why do I have to come along?"

"Because the Headmaster said so!"

"Fine."

Haley took her seat beside Holly and fidgeted around a little as she felt the wetness of her panties stick to her small bottom.

"Get changed." Holly told Haley.

"Fine." Haley pouted.

"Then it just means we have to work hard I'me sure we will get in all right in time" Kara said with a smile.

"No, I mean what I said" Kara whispered to her. As the groups started to end towards the main school again. "Plus I have a few things in mind to make it fun" Kara added. The students reached the school around a few minutes later they walked inside.

Then, started towards the main auditoruim where the school uniforms were being given out.

Lilly followed the class back into the auditorium to get her new school uniform. All of the time she was walking, Lilly couldn't help but blush as her heart pounded with Kara's compliment.

"I guess it won't be so bad after all." Lilly thought to herself.

Haley did as Holly had asked, right in the middle of class.

She pulled down her soaked panties and placed them in a plastic bag before putting them into her school bag. She then took out her spare pair of panties, a pure white ribbon pair with frills around the edges, and placed them on. She then took down her skirt, leaving herself in nothing but her panties covering her lower regions, and folded it up before putting it into the plastic bag with her panties. She then took out her spare school skirt and put it on.

"That's not quite what I had in mind." Holly announced quietly to Haley.

All the students had finally reached the main auditoruim. Mrs June the spoke up again "once you have gotten your uniform you will need to change into it you. Can use the girl's changing room for that" She pointed out.

Kara soon got in line she saw several teachers handing out uniforms. To the students already in line. She used a gentle breeze of wind to caress Lilly's peach. Yet stopped once the line started moving.

Lilly shivered a little when she felt a small breeze against her girlhood. She blushed bright red when she found out that it was Kara who'd done it through detecting magic.

"N-not here, please." Lilly asked quietly as the line moved forward.

Lilly looked on and saw the uniforms being handed out. She couldn't help but feel a little embarrassed when she thought about herself wearing them.

Kara heard what Lilly had said. "But isn't that what you want?" Kara quietly said. She soon reached the front of the line and was then handed her uniform. Which was a white sailor blouse, a small blue skirt with red bows upon the back and the front of the blouse.

"These look ok" Kara stated she started to make her way towards the changing room.

Lilly had no answer. she just turned bright red.

The line moved forward and Kara was handed her new uniform. Lilly was next in line so she was handed hers as well. She took the uniform towards the changing rooms. It didn't look too bad. It was kind of cute, after all.

Once inside of the changing room Kara began to get undressed she placed her clothes. Which she folded up neatly into a small bag beside her. She then started to get dressed into her new uniform which hugged her body nicely. She ran her hands along it's length feeling the way it hugged her breasts then looked.

Down to see the skirt ended right around mid-thigh. "How do I look?" Kara asked as she spun around flashing Lilly her panties.

Lilly quickly took off her clothes and folded them up. She then put on her new uniform. It was a little tight but it wasn't that bad. She thought she'd gained a little weight from all the snacks she'd been eating. She'll try to cut back a little on them. Her figure still looked as lithe as it always did but she couldn't help but feel a little self-conscious about the tightness of her uniform.

"Great." Lilly answered as her gaze stuck to Kara's panties.

Lilly then smoothed out her own uniform and posed in front of the mirror.

"Do I look fat?" She asked Kara. "This uniform's a little tight."

Kara blushed at Lilly's commant.

'Your look cute and not your not fat" Kara said with a smile. She looked at Lilly's figure in the mirror her gaze seemed to fall upon Lilly's breasts and butt. She looked away blushing in shame.

"Things will start when we are alone?" Kara thought.

"I just can't help but feel like this uniform's a little too small in certain areas and too big in others." Lilly answered. She looked at her chest and saw how baggy the uniform was there. She placed both of her hands on her tiny breasts.

"Grow big. Grow big." She mentally encouraged her breasts.

She then looked at her skirt and saw that it seemed to be a little too short on her. It looked like it was riding up her legs and she could have sworn that she saw the faintest sight of her panties. She pulled the skirt down a little to try and cover up her legs a little more.

Kara turned at the sound of Lilly's voice and saw that she was cupping her breasts. "Your right about that" Kara replied as she leaped to her feet. She then walked over to Lilly and then grabbed her breasts with both hands. She started to fondle them.

"Yet maybe it's for the best or if these were to grow?" Kara said with a smile.

"I just feel like- wha!" Lilly said before she was cut off by Kara's fondling.

"W-w-w-what are you doing?!" She asked Kara as she tried to pull her hands off her chest. Truth be told, Lilly loved this but she didn't want Kara finding out.

Kara still fondled Lilly's chest. "I'm helping them grow" Kara replied.

She fondled them gently for a short while more before stopping. "There will be more of that in time" Kara whispered to her.

She then grabbed her bag. "We should be heading to our next class"

Lilly couldn't respond. She just gently yelped at Kara's fondling.

"Don't do that again without my permission." She scolded Kara.

She then picked up her bag and headed to the door of the changing rooms.

"I've got science. You?"

"I know you liked it just like the other night" Kara replied.

She followed Lilly out of the room.

"I've got English next"

"Huh?" Lilly asked. "Did something happen the other night?"

Lilly went down the corridor towards her science class and stood by the door.

"I'll see you later." She said to Kara as she entered her class.

"Wouldn't you like to know" Kara responded back.

She left Lilly alone and waved her off as she walked down the hallway. Yet as she was walking she saw two figures walking towards her. They were both dressed in black suits.

"Great" Kara thought.

Science class was boring as normal yet Lilly managed to survive it. Only just, mind.

She noted down what was needed and highlighted pieces in her workbook to review when tests come up. She wanted to be out as fast as possible.

The two men soon reached Kara.

"We have word from your father he wants you at today's meeting with Marie" One suit toward her before they turned and walked away.

"Not what I need"

Boredom settled in and Lilly started to feel a little tired. She placed her book on her desk in an upright position and lay her head down behind it. She chuckled to herself as this was the sort of thing that Haley'll do.

She closed her eyes and let the teacher drone on about stuff she already knew.

Kara then finally made it to her english class she was a little late. Yet the teacher seemed to already know why and all.

The teacher then went on about what the class had been doing. And Kara tried her best to get back into the swing of things.

Lilly was woken up by the bell ringing. It must be break time. She stretched and yawned before putting her books away. She felt the need for relief so she left the classroom and headed to the toilets.

Once finished in them, she headed to where she believed Kara would meet her. The main quad of the school. She was shocked when she saw two familiar figures by the large tree.

"Miss me?" Haley asked with a smile.

"Hello, Lilly." Holly greeted Lilly.

"What are you two doing here?!" Lilly asked in surprise.

"We got transferred from our old school to here. Something about allowing us to reach our full potential?" Holly answered.

Kara finally got started on her lesson and yet time seemed to fly by. Soon the bell rang and she started to pack up her things. Leaving the room since it was now break she decided to go find Lilly.

It was only several moments later when she walked outside. She spotted Lilly over near her tree and walked over to her. Yet once she got closer she spotted Haley and Holly.

"Um, why are you girls here?" Kara asked.

"We're the new transfer students for Class 5E" Haley replied with a smile.

"In short, our old Headmaster thought it best to transfer us here. I think he'd had enough of Haley's antics." Holly stated.

"We've yet to get our uniforms. We were told we'll get them at lunch." Haley told the pair.

Lilly sighed.

"Passing the headache on, was he?" Lilly joked.

"Guess you could say that." Holly shrugged,

"Anyway. You look cute in your matching uniforms." Haley said to Kara and Lilly. "Although, they emphasise Lilly's love handles and flat chest." She added on with a giggle.

Kara gave both girls hugs when she saw them. "I missed you both" She said. Then listened to what was said.

"That's nice and all but at least we get to see each other again" Kara said with a smile.

She blushed at Haley's comment. "I tried to help them grow but I guess I didn't do a good job" Kara replied.

She then thought about what she and Lilly spoke with earlier.

"We have made up our minds on who is teaching who with their magic. I'll be teaching you Haley and Lilly shall be teaching Holly. Then once things are underway and given time we shall switch students" Kara told the pair.

A devious smile filled Haley's face for a moment before returning to her usual happy look.

"Okay." Haley answered.

"If you insist." Holly replied.

"I'm not fat!" Lilly told Haley angrily. "I'm just a little bigger due to a growth spurt!"

"I never said you were. Guilty conscience? Late night snacking not helping?" Haley answered with a smile.

"S-stop it!" Lilly said with a blush.

"Pity the growth spurt didn't help your pancake chest." Haley giggled.

Kara caught the smile on Haley's face.

She then thought of something to do. Hiding herself in the wind she used this to fondle Lilly's chest.

"Maybe this will help them grow?" Kara offered.

She then walked over to Haley and leaned towards her, "Can we have fun again later?" She asked in a quiet tone.

If this was what her school life was going to be like now, Lilly wondered what she had done and which deity she must have upset to get this forced upon her. Nothing was worse than having younger siblings attend the same school as an older one. Especially if one of them had a mischievous streak to them and liked to tease their older sibling.

Lilly gasped as she felt the wind fondle her breasts,

"Stop it!" She groaned.

"We can now." Haley answered with her mischievous smile. "We've got around ten minutes of break left and the whole of lunch. This year's going to be fun."

Holly shook her head and sighed.

"I'm just helping you out" Kara replied with a smile. She used the wind to pinch Lilly's nipples gently then went back to fondling them but then stopped.

"What do you want to do then?" Kara asked Haley. She used some of her own magic to tickle Haley's peach.

In the back of her mind something seemed to be awakening.

Haley giggled at the clitoral stimulation which Kara was giving her.

"We should tease Lilly some more. It's more fun when we do it together." Haley whispered in response to Kara.

"Anyway, this is not like our old school, Haley. This is a private academy which expects the best and more out of its students. We don't have time to be playing around and you certainly have no time to sleep in class." Holly explained. "You'd also better act like the young lady you are meant to be and attend to bodily needs before it is too late. We're with older students now and we must make it look like we're meant to be here and not in some play-school."

She kept this up on Haley for a while longer. But also stopped and smiled to herself. "Then I'll begin" She replied in a whisper.

Kara used the wind again but this time started to fondle Lilly's peach through her panties. She teased it with gentle touches and caresses. She even used the wind to push her panties up inside of her.

What Kara really wanted was for Lilly to some how remember her dream from the other night.

"Kara, please. Stop it." Lilly whined as she moved around. The coldness of the wind was making her need the toilet again.

Haley created the illusion of the fountain again behind Lilly and made it so that only she could hear it. This evoked a stronger response from Lilly.

"Haley, quit it!" Lilly demanded. "This is no time to play around."

"What do you mean? I'm not doing anything." Haley lied with her innocent child act. Lilly didn't buy it.

"That won't work on me, young lady!" Lilly angrily retaliated.

She again used the wind to fondle Lilly's girlhood she used the wind. To play with it much like she would she walked over to Lilly and placed a hand upon her shoulder. "I like this version of you as being desperate" Kara whispered.

She again had the wind fondle Lilly's lower parts. She tried to picture herself doing this to Lilly instead. As the wind pushed her panties further into Lilly's girlhood.

"That's IT!" Lilly shouted. "Stop it, you two!"

She then turned and headed back to the main building. She then went into the toilets and let out what Haley and Kara had built up in her.

"She's none too happy." Haley stated unnecessarily.

"I wonder why that could be?" Holly asked sarcastically.

Kara stopped and watched as Lilly left them alone. She then went back to Haley "would you like to spend Wendensday afternoon with me?" Kara asked Haley. "And Holly how about Thursday? Kara added.

As she thought about thos days. It seemed that she grabbed her head in pain again. As if using that magic had a bad affect on her.

"I'm fine with that. I know it'll be fun." Haley answered.

"I don't mind." Holly replied.

Lilly finished up in the toilets, going through the usual process, and headed back to the group.

"You okay, Kara?" Haley asked as Kara grabbed her head in pain.

"I can detect a large increase in magic." Holly said in response. "The centre of it seems to be Kara. Maybe it's a magical build up?"

Before Kara had grabbed her head in pain she had heard what both girl's had said. "I'd like for you both to pick out a place you'd like to go and we can go there. Also Haley I wanna challenge you to that ice cream game again" Kara told the pair.

It was only after that she had grabbed her head in pain.

"N...no" Kara muttered to Haley.

She seemed to drop to her knees, as the power she had used upon Lilly and Haley. Had caused the dark part of her mind to awaken a tiny bit.

"This is only the begining" The evil voice said.

"I leave you alone for a few minutes and you start to act like this?!" Lilly said as she ran back to Kara's side. "I know something's wrong. Don't try to hide it."

"Nothing to do with me." Haley said, thinking that Lilly would go through her usual process of blaming Haley.

"I think it's a build up of magic." Holly suggested. "I can sense a lot of magic around her. Maybe she just needs to shoot out a little."

Kara heard what Lilly had said through the pain in her head. "She didn't do anything" Kara says. Through the pain as she tries to get to her feet.

Though fell forward again.

"Just let me out I know you want to" her mind's voice spoke again.

A dark power began to gather around her. It wasn't dark per say just felt really evil. Like it had been locked away or something and was just begging to be released.

"I'm not blaming Haley, I'm blaming you. You're too evasive. I know something's up." Lilly answered Kara's statement.

"Anyone got healing magic?" Holly asked the group. "That might help."

She then sensed the dark energies emanating from Kara.

"I think it's more than a magical build up now. Something's trying to get out." Holly announced.

For a brief few seconds a clear look came to Kara's eyes as she turned to Lilly. "Stay out of this!" Kara hissed. Yet she said this in a voice that wasn't her own.

The clear look in her eyes seemed to return to normal.

Again the dark part of her mind tried to awaken again and gain control. "Just a little more" It said before Kara fell forward and passed out from the pain.

"She's not herself. Something's trying to take her over, although I don't know what." Holly said as she turned away. "It hurts to look at her. The energy she's emitting is too strong."

Kara then fell to the floor and passed out.

"Call the Magic Teacher." Lilly told the twins. "Go to the main office and ask for Mrs June and tell her to meet me in the infirmary. I'll take Kara there."

Lilly picked Kara up with her fireball magic and led her over to the infirmary while Holly and Haley headed to the main office.

She didn't feel herself being picked up and carried away.

Inside of her mind Kara was bombared by various images all of the time where. She had spent it killing or hurting those who would do her harm. She saw herself standing in the town square with the dead bodies at her feet. She saw herself standing among a pile of ruins which appeared to be a building of some sort.

To her left and right side she saw both twins and Lilly laying among the rubble, They appeared to be quite beaten up looking down she spotted blood on her hands. Reaching up she brought her fingers to her lips and licked the blood off of them.

She walked slowly down the rubble over to Lilly and reached down and picked her up. By her neck "you shall be first" The evil part of her side. Before she snapped Lilly's neck and dropped her to the ground.

Lilly arrived in the infirmary and set Kara down on a vacant bed. She hoped that the twins knew where the main office was, even though they couldn't miss it if they entered the main building. She noticed the time on the clock above the beds. She really should be in her lesson now but she didn't want to leave Kara alone.

The twins arrived at the main office and Holly explained the situation, Haley was not one for tense situations, she could never get her words out right. Mrs June followed the two back to the infirmary and Lilly led her over to the bed with Kara on.

Evil Kara walked over to Haley next and picked her up. "You were always the fun one" She replied. Reaching down she kissed her on the lips before snapping her neck as well. Dropping the lifeless body to the group she walked over to Holly.

"Ah, and now you the shy one always hiding behind other people you make me sick" Evil Kara yelled as she brought her foot down into Holly's stomach kicking her again and again. Yer laughing for sheer delight, "There was a time when I liked you most of all" Evil Kara answered.

She reached down and picked up Holly. Then with her left hand ripped open Holly's battle outfit.

Go to your lessons, girls." Lilly said to the twins.

"But we're worried about Kara as well." Haley replied.

"Sorry but I'm not about to leave her." Holly answered.

"It's your first day here so the teacher's will be less lenient. You could get into serious trouble." Lilly argued.

"So what? We don't want to leave Kara. Let them punish us." Haley retaliated.

Lilly knew there was no point in reasoning with them. She also didn't care what her teachers may think of her. She wanted Kara to get better.

Evil Kara tore the outfit off of Holly. "Perfect this is how I want to remember you helpless and beaten" Evil Kara said.

Mrs June arrived a few moments later. She had gotten the jest of what had happened to Kara from Lilly who a moment ago just told her,

"I can feel alot of dark magic around her, seems like some part of her mind as awakened and let out it's darkness" Mrs June told everyone.

She walked over and placed a hand upon Kara head she was burning up. Closing her eyes she searched through Kara's mind. "It seems a seal was placed inside of her and it's cracked I believe I can fix it though it will take time" She added.

"So, she's crazy?" Haley asked.

"Haley! She's not crazy. She's just a little out of control at the moment." Holly cut in.

"A seal? What kind of seal?" Lilly asked. She'd read about seals before and she wanted to know just what was wrong with Kara.

Lilly stayed by Kara's side and held her hand in her own. She didn't want Kara to be alone. If the seal placed on her was one of the major seals then she might have something seriously wrong with her. Why would her magic need to be sealed?

"She's not crazy it's more like a part of her she didn't want is in control" Mrs June said. She then looked over at Lilly.

"It's a powerful one actually it's mainly used to lock things away so they couldn't be released. Unless the one who cast the spell wanted to rid itself of it" She replied.

"It just seems like the seal has weakened some I can fix it given time" She spoke.

"Any idea what it's locking away?" Lilly asked. As it was a major seal it must be locking something very dangerous away.

"I thought I could sense powerful magic." Holly said to herself. "She's practically glowing with the stuff."

Holly managed to look at Kara now. She was certainly emanating something really strong but she was unsure what.

"Just what are you hiding?" She quietly asked.

"All I can say is that it seems like a dark evil part more like a split personality" Mrs June answered.

She started to chant softly to herself as a small light began to form around Kara, "It's really terrible magic" She said between chants the aura around Kara was starting to work it's magic.

Then seal in her mind was starting to fix and repair itself.

"So she's crazy." Haley concluded.

"No she isn't! She's a little torn apart that's all." Holly answered.

"Two powers are in combat with one another. This is certainly weird." Lilly stated.

Lilly knew what she'd do. When she got home, she'll go into her library and look up the various seals to try and determine which one was on Kara. Hopefully this shall bring a little light to the current events.

The evil Kara within Kara's mind seemed to know what was happening to her. She felt the walls breaking down. "No, No" She screamed. As she started to fade away.

Back in the real world the access magic that had been around Kara seemed to backlash sending a strong turrent of wind ripping through the infirmary. Mrs June was knocked to the floor. But still kept of the chanting.

"I didn't know it was this strong" She said.

"Something's definitely not happy with this." A shocked Holly said as she picked herself off the floor.

"Told you." Haley announced as she got up off the floor.

Lilly got up off the floor and went back to Kara's side. She accessed her magic as she put a small wall around Kara.

"This should stop any more freak wind accidents." Lilly told the group. "I'll need to keep it up though."

This was no ordinary split personality. Something was fighting for control over Kara. Something so strong that it can shatter a major seal with ease. Lilly didn't know what it was but she knew she'd rather not face it in combat.

The seal within Kara's mind was about half fixed at this point but still the access evil magic. Was still around in the very air. It shot off against Lilly's shield wall battering it again and again.

"I may need some help here go get Mr Anderson the other magic teacher" Mrs June told Haley.

She kept chanting but it seemed like the seal was starting to weaken again. A much stronger gust of wind shot off as Kara's body rose slowly into the air from the bed.

Evil Kara felt the strong rush of magic in the air and she liked it.

*011*2014-07-03 00:36

The next weekly chapter is here so enjoy.

Chapter 9: Evil Awakens

"Right." Haley nodded back to Mrs. June as she ran out of the infirmary and back to the main office.

"I can help with the shield but I don't think it'd be that good." Holly suggested.

"Don't ask, just help when you can." Lilly replied.

Holly nodded and looked for the magic in her body. Her ears and tail appeared again and she added her strength to the shield.

Haley returned moments later with the other magic instructors.

"Any way I can help?" She asked the group.

The wind just seemed to batter the shield wall more and more. As cracks began to form along the wall. Kara who was floating in mid-air turned to face them her body moved into a standing position. And she soon opened her eyes, Right as Mr. Anderson entered into the room.

"It would be best if you stayed out of this" Mr. Anderson said.

He felt the strong magic coming off of Kara. He rose both his hands and started chanting as well another aura formed around her.

Kara opened her eyes and she had the same blank look as before. "This won;t work" She replied. Her clothes seemed to shift into her battle outfit. As she felt the rush of no found power flow through her body. Yet the seal in her mind was starting to reseal itself.

"Not going to happen" Evil Kara yelled. A clear dark aura formed around her body. As a start gust of wind shot out and shattered the shield wall knocking everyone down again. This being her change Evil Kara teleported away.

After the events, Lilly and Holly were too drained to pose much of a resistance as Kara teleported away.

"What was that?" Lilly asked as she panted.

"She's something else, that's for sure." Holly answered.

"I didn't get to do anything." Haley pouted.

Lilly was certain this was just that start of something major.

"If we're done, mind if I take a small breather before returning to lessons?" Lilly asked.

"I second that." Holly added on.

"I just wanna bunk." Haley admitted.

"It would be best if you girl's left" Mrs. June said as she got up and started a small talk with Mr. Anderson.

Evil Kara had never felt more alive it had been far to long since she had last. Been set free for the last time was back during the time when she killed the three empowered ones. She had appeared above the school. Then seemed to fly away from it.

Both Yukina and Yvraine who were busy in their own classes seemed to feel the increase in magic. Coming from part of the school Yukina seemed to know who it was having fought Kara in the past. Yvraine knew it all to well she herself had fought against this version of Kara once before.

A couple of years ago to be in fact.

"If you say so." Lilly answered as she stood up and headed out of the infirmary.

"Guess we can't really ask for a break from lessons." Holly chuckled.

"Do I still get to bunk?" Haley asked.

"No." Holly and Lilly replied simultaneously.

The trio made their way out of the infirmary and towards their next lessons. Lilly kept thinking about what kind of power this form of Kara's consciousness may possess. If she could knock down skilled empowered ones then she's got to be strong.

"I hope she comes back soon." Lilly thought.

Evil Kara flew through the air toward the center of the city. She soon reached the very center after a few minutes of travel as she looked down at the various buildings. And peons below she just laughed to herself.

Then began to gather the very air currents around herself. Small clear jet streams of wind began to form in the sky as they traveled through it towards her. The very wind around town seemed to pick up some.

Lessons went on as normal and Lunch time came around. Lilly met up with the twins in the quad by the tree.

"Kara's not back yet?" Haley asked Lilly.

"Doesn't look like it." Lilly answered.

"I hope she's not busting up the town." Holly stated with a frown.

"If she is there's nothing I can do about it. I can't just leave school for no reason." Lilly replied with a shrug.

Despite what she said, Lilly really wanted to do just that. She wanted to help Kara but she knew she'd be no match for her. If she could take out three empowered ones like this then she could just as easily pick off one with a third of the effort.

Evil Kara was still gathering the very wind around herself. Strong gusts were blowing across town and the school.

Yvraine felt the strong increase in magic again. As she walked outside into the quad she looked up and could spy. The air currents passing over head well any empowered one could. "What's she planning on doing?" Yvraine thought aloud as a strong gust of wind blew across the quad.

Blowing up her uniform skirt and showing those around her panties.

"Anyway, let's get something to eat. I'll show you to the cafeteria." Lilly told the twins.

"Any sweets there?" Haley asked.

"There's Crme Caramel Desserts but they're normally only brought with a large meal. I don't think they sell the alone."

"What about curry?"

"They sell that, yeah. Tikka Masla, Korma, Biriyani and Original."

"Perfect!"

Lilly then headed off to the cafeteria to purchase her lunch with the twins in tow. All of the time she was walking, she couldn't help but think of what Kara might be going through right now. It must be hell to be controlled by a dark energy.

The real Kara was locked behind the seal in her mind, She could see everything that Evil Kara was doing. And slammed her fists against the seal.

"Let me out, let me out" She shouted while slamming both fists against the seal some more.

Evil Kara heard this and ignored her, She was having way to much fun though she was still gathering the wind currents around her. When enough of the magic was gathered she pointed her hands towards the city below.

Soon a small twister began to form and take shape.

The cafeteria queue was surprisingly short. Lilly and the twins joined the queue as a group. They agreed on having Lilly order the food as the twins were a little too short to see over the counter. One quick look at the menu and everything was decided in no time. Lilly ordered a spicy chicken pasta, Haley asked for a chicken tikka masala with rice and a crme caramel dessert and Holly only wanted a ham salad sandwich. The drink orders didn't need debating either. Each of them got a can of Cola.

They found and empty table and started on their meals. Lilly looked out of the window and noticed how the trees were blowing around quite a lot.

"Getting kind of windy." She said, trying to make conversation.

"Didn't say that in the forecast for today." Holly answered.

"Wind or no wind. Nothings going to stop me from eating this curry!" Haley declared as she started scoffing down her tikka masala.

As the small twister began to take shape within the outskirts of the city. Kale turned away and looked out the window of his office he felt the large increase in magic and only smiled. "She shows herself again this is great" Kale said with a laugh. In the distance he spotted the twister. "If Kara can use that to rid me of Marie then all this would be perfect" Kale laughed.

Yvraine and Yukina. Both looked out the window seeing the trees blowing. They knew something bad would happen soon. Yvraine knew it more so that Yukina did, They were about to get their lunch when Yukina spotted Lilly and headed towards her.

"What are you doing?" Yvraine asked.

"What do you think I'm going over to her" Yukina replied.

"But why?" She asked.

"Because just look outside I know she's thinking about her little friend out there and if we can get her to go. Then I can put my own plan into action and totally embarrass her once again" Yukina says.

"Seems kind of strange." Lilly announced. "I know the weather forecast is never 100% accurate but this is just too weird. We had hardly any wind earlier."

"Maybe it's Kara. I can tell it's an enchanted wind." Holly shrugged.

"Whatever." Haley added on the end before scoffing down another mouthful of curry.

Lilly tried her best to ignore the wind but she just couldn't help but look out of the window while eating. She didn't notice Yukina come over to her.

Yukina had arrived over at Lilly's table with Yvraine in tow. "Well, well it it isn't little miss bridge wetter" Yukina said with a chuckle. As she locked her gaze upon Lilly.

Yvraine stood next to Yukina and looked at both Holly and Haley. "I've seen you two hanging around your friend from earlier and I know your worried about her" Yvraine said.

She looked over at Yukina who seemed to be wanting to start a fight with Lilly.

"But I know what is coming, something dark and evil I have faced this before" Yvraine explained.

"Oh, it's you." Lilly answered with a cold stare. "You're no fighter. You're a cheap trickster. I doubt you even have the slightest shred of fairness in your corrupt mind." Lilly wasn't about to start a magic fight but she knew she could take her in an insult barrage.

"Hey, water witch." Haley greeted Yukina with a smile.

"I think you should substitute the 'w' in 'witch' for a 'b'." Holly joked.

"You shouldn't be using that kind of language." Lilly scolded Holly.

It appeared that Yvraine was a better one to talk to in this conversation.

"You've faced it before?" Lilly asked Yvraine. "How? When? Why?"

"Cheap trickster I wasn't the one who fell crying to their knees in sheer shame and embarrassment" Yukina replied back. She heard Haley speak up the followed by Holly she looked at the pair but ignored them.

"Yes" She replied.

"A few years ago, it was during a dark time in my life all I wanted was revenge for what she had done to me s-she killed my sister" Yvraine replied in a harsh tone. It seemed like a green aura was starting to form around her body.

Lilly was liking Yukina's reaction. She really wanted to continue this little verbal fight but her attention was taken when Yvraine continued her explanation.

"What?!" Lilly asked in amazement. She couldn't peg Kara as a killer, despite whether she was in her dark form or not. "If she can kill in cold blood then the whole town might be in trouble! I know I'll be no match for her but maybe...?"

"She killed my sister" Yvraine repeated yet again. Growing angry at the thought of what Kara had done to her.

"I'd like to make a pact with you I'd like your help in taking her down" Yvraine replied.

"A...pact?" Lilly asked. "What's a pact?"

Jumping to conclusions and getting the wrong idea, Holly blushed bright red.

"S-she wants to marry you?! She wants to enter the lovers' pact?!" Holly stammered out. "Girls can't love girls!"

"This is getting good." Haley smiled as she also got the wrong idea.

"A pact is that we work together on taking Kara down" Yvraine replied again.

"No, I don't you silly girl I want nothing of the sort" Yvraine added.

"I'll form the marriage pact with you Lilly and you can be my bitch who always wets herself" Yukina taunted.

"Awe..." Haley moaned. Holly just breathed a sigh of relief.

"So, how do we do one of those?" Lilly asked. She knew she must sound kind of dense right now but she'd never heard of a pact before.

More ammunition from Yukina.

"I thought that humans couldn't marry pond scum, not that I'd want to wed you anyway. Go propose to a dung beetle. Wait, I think they'd refuse you as well." Lilly answered.

"You just have to agree nothing more" Yvraine replied.

Yukina's blood boiled as she her Lilly insult her. "How dare you bitch" Yukina screamed she jumped upon Lilly and slapped her hard across the face. While pulling at her hair "all you are is a vile toad who can't do anything right look at your self now".

She reached over and got some food off the table and shoved it into her face.

"I guess I'll say- " Lilly started before she was cut off by Yukina pouncing on her.

"Cat fight!" Haley shouted out as the fight sparked off.

"Screw you!" Lilly shouted back. "Inferno!"

The usual pillar of flames enveloped Lilly as Yukina fought to shove some food in her face.

Yukina felt her hands burn as Lilly enveloped herself in fire. "Two can play this game" Yukina shouted.

She jumped backwards away from Lilly and summoned forth her water magic. A swirl of water formed around her body.

"Water Lance" Yukina cast she formed a lance out of water and shot it at Lilly.

Not caring about the water lance, Lilly just cast something to send it away.

"Evaporate." Lilly said as she placed her hand in front of the lance. It turned to nothing more than just steam. "It's against school rules to have a full blown duel in front of the regular students."

"Your the one who started this magic fight with your fire" Yukina replied.

"Fine let's go out to the battle areaand settle the score there" Yukina said.

"We don't have time for this with each minute we waste or this pity duel Kara grows in power" Yvraine told the pair,

"Tell water-for-brains that. I've been ready since you offered the pact." Lilly answered.

"Can I help?" Haley asked, hoping to get to do something for once.

"Will I ever have one peaceful lunchtime?" Holly sighed.

"Okay the pact it formed then" Yvraine replied, She was still angry with both Yukina and Lilly she decided on something. "Until you two promise to get along I'm placing you somewhere to cool down and get along" She replied.

She cast magic on both girl's that soon teleported them into a empty classroom. "Until you both get along your not getting out of this room. As I am the only one who can let you out" She told the pair.

"What can you offer?" Yvraine asked.

"Don't do that!" Lilly shouted before she was sent into what looked like an empty classroom. "Just great! I'm stuck with her!"

Lilly wasn't about to try and be civil to Yukina. She hated her too much for that.

"This." Haley answered as she created copies of herself and created a smaller version of Puppy. "Puppy, the little doggy on the floor, is much bigger when I want him to be." The Haley said in unison. Puppy ran up to Yvraine's leg and started to bark at her.

"Show off." Holly shook her head. "I've got arcane magic and I'm very good at countering and recognizing different spells." Holly informed Yvraine.

"Shit" Yukina yelled as she was taken to the empty classroom as well. "I'd rather die than be in the same room as you" She snapped.

Yvraine watched as Haley created clones of herself and summoned a small Puppy dog. Who seemed to started to bark at her. "Nice" Yvraine said.

She turned to Holly. "That's a lot better, though do you girl's have any experience in fighting other magic users?" Yvraine asked.

"We could see to that now." Lilly suggested. "But I don't think it'd be worth it."

Lilly then went over to the corner farthest away from Yukina, she didn't want anything to do with her, and sat on the floor. She then looked up at what she thought would be the roof. "Magic in my pasta and drink. I wanna finish them." She announced, hoping that Yvraine will comply.

"The only combat experience we've had was a friendly duel with Kara and Lilly yesterday. Apart from that, we've only just got our powers." Holly admitted. "I'm no good in combat but Lilly said I'd be a good in a supporting role."

"I'm sure you'd enjoy that oh, wait if you tried you'd wet yourself again" Yukina says. She walks over to the other corner of the room.

Yvraine seemed to hear Lilly ask for her food and imagined it in to her.

"So, not much then it'd be best if you girl's didn't get to close to the fighting" Yvraine replied. "But what ever you can offer in supporting roles will help" She added.

Lilly just ignored Yukina. She was in no mood to argue. She hoped that if they ignored each other for long enough then Yvraine would let them out.

The food appeared and Lilly mumbled her thanks before starting on her half finished pasta again. She tried to lay off the cola a little as she didn't see any toilet in this room and she didn't want to be in that kind of situation with Yukina in the same room.

"I had no intention to." Holly answered.

"Puppy'll do it all for me." Haley replied. Puppy barked again. Being so small, his bark sounded more cute and comical than scary.

Yukina was growing tired of waiting in the room to be let out. So she decided to use her own magic to try and exit the room. A small swirl of water formed around her and she tried to exit but suddenly she cried out in pain. As roots seemed to form out of the ground and wrap around her arms and legs. Yukina tried to fight her way free but felt her magic being blocked.

She heard Puppy bark again and then patted her head. "We better head out soon though. Her magic is growing in strength" Yvraine said.

Lilly saw Yukina's failed attempt at escape and laughed at her stupidity.

"Seems like I wasn't far off when I called you water-for-brains." Lilly teased Yukina. This would be fun if Yukina kept on flailing around like she was.

"She's stupid." Lilly thought to herself with a chuckle.

"Nap time, Puppy." Haley called Puppy over and dismissed the Chihuahua sized three headed dog. It yapped a little more and growled at Yvraine before disappearing back to the Illusion realm. Haley then dismissed her copies.

"Where is she? I can run a minor magic scan but it won't go very far. It'll tell us whether she's still on school grounds but that's about it." Holly suggested.

"You're going to need me if you want to face her." Lilly called out of her classroom prison. "One fighter and two supporting people does not a solid rebellion make."

Yukina kept trying to get free but couldn't "shut up pee-brain" Yukina yelled back.

She saw the dog vanish and heard Holly speak. "I can feel a spark of her power though I know she's not on school grounds maybe in the city then?" Yvraine said.

"You can help once you two get along" Yvraine called out to them.

"The vines will likely get tighter if you keep moving around." Lilly told Yukina with a smile. "Seems like I'll be getting out of here first."

Lilly was enjoying this. She was loving Yukina's complete lack of patience. She hoped that Yukina would do something drastic and end up causing herself more trouble.

"I can't help with that. My magic radar doesn't stretch that far." Holly answered. "If I was a little stronger then maybe I'd be of more help."

"I'm getting along well with the room if that makes any difference." Lilly called back to Yvraine. "Yukina's kind of ticking the room off, though."

"Yeah right" Yukina replied she tried again to get free but failed.

"Here let's try it together" She said Yvraine took hold of Holly's hands. "If we add our magic together we can find her" She said.

"The room doesn't count" Yvraine replied.

Lilly just chucked at Yukina's ignorance. She'll get out of here before her. She's sure of it.

Holly's overactive imagination kicked in again.

"This is just normal hand holding, right? It's got no special meaning? It's just basic, isn't it?" Holly asked as she blushed bright red. "Like what people would do when they shake hands?"

"Annoying." Lilly quietly said to herself. She won't be getting out of her without acting civil to Yukina.

Yukina stopped trying to get free and yet the roots still held her. She looked over at Lilly "Maybe we should try and get along I don't want to be any longer." She said.

"It's only holding hands" Yvraine replied as she held Holly's hands.

Lilly wanted out as well but, being the stubborn mare that she is, wasn't about to give in first.

"You started it," She answered. She was quite childish when it came to making up after arguments. "So you should apologies first."

"Okay, just holding hands, just holding hands..." Holly quietly told herself as she linked her magical flow up with Yvraine.

"I have nothing to say" Yukina answered back. At first but them seemed so say something else. "I'm sorry old hag" Yukina shot back.

Yvraine joined her own magic with Holly's soon the two mixed together. And a map of the city appeared in their minds eye.

"Old hag?!" Lilly snapped. "Coming from you that's surprising!"

Maybe Yukina didn't really want to leave after all?

"City scan started." Holly stated as she scanned the map in her mind.

"Your one to talk" Yukina yelled.

Soon roots began to form around Lilly as well.

"I feel a large form a magic to the southwest" Yvraine said.

Lilly felt the roots wrap around her. She tried to burn them away but any flame she created quickly turned to smoke after being made.

"Now look at what you made me do!" She shouted at Yukina. "Bitch!"

"Locking on to energy signature." Holly answered. "Signature matches Kara Ravenclaw's magic helix."

"Come again?" Haley asked. "Just what is all this mumbo jumbo?"

"Oh that's it both of you shut the fuck up" Yvraine snapped. As an image of her appeared soon the room faded and both girl's were back with them again.

"It means we found where Kara is" She replied to Haley. "I can teleport all of us to her right now" Yvraine replied.

It turned out that the pair didn't have to get along to get out after all. Lilly just turned her back to Yukina and stuck her nose in the air while folding her arms and looking defiant.

"Your fault." Lilly's childish stubbornness took over again.

"Couldn't you just speak English instead of technical gobbledygook?" Haley asked.

"I don't decided what I say when I scan. I let my powers take over." Holly answered. "A teleport would be great, thanks." Holly answered Yvraine with a smile. "I don't think I could put up with the pre-school troublesome duo there." She added on as she indicated Lilly and Yukina.

"Both of you just shut up or else you will be in a worse area than that room" Yvraine snapped. She looked over at Haley. "We are silly" She replied.

"You cunt" Yukina whispered then shut up.

"Good now we can begin" Yvraine said. A green aura formed around her body and soon spread out to the three four other girls. They vanished in a flash of light moments later and appeared atop a small building not for from Kara.

"Convenient." Lilly stated as they were teleported to a rooftop. "I need to learn that." She opted to ignore Yukina's stupidity. She didn't want to be holed up with her again.

"Lilly, you're meant to be more mature than us and a good role model." Holly sighed to Lilly. "You shouldn't rise to things like that."

"Once a stubborn mare, always a stubborn mare." Haley stated with a shrug.

"We better get ready" Yvraine replied to the whole group. She changed into her battle outfit. "As I know the most about this I'll keep her busy, Yukina and Lilly form into groups with the girl's here" She replied again.

Yukina said nothing back changed into her battle armor.

Lilly changed into her battle outfit and the twins did the same.

"I wouldn't trust her with my impressionable sisters. She'll corrupt them. I'll look after them both." Lilly coldly stated.

"Lilly..." Holly shook her head.

"Yay!" Haley cried out in joy.

"That won;t work instead give me one of them and I'll look after them" Yvraine replied. As she waited for Lilly's answer.

Yukina again said nothing and seemed to move away. She jumped into the air and seemed to fly right towards Kara.

"You'll take Holly then. You seem like a good match." Lilly suggested.

Overactive imagination kicking in.

"A good match?" Holly asked. "W-we've not got that kind of relationship, have we? We're just a good battle pair, right?"

"Cut back on love books, please, You're making me wanna puke." Haley grumbled as she stood next to Lilly.

Lilly noticed as Yukina took off without the group.

"If she wants to be made mincemeat of then she can be my guest. The idiot." Lilly stated.

"Will do then" Yvraine said. She looked over at Holly and smiled.

"Yeah, that's all I have no plans of having a way with her" Yvraine joked.

Evil Kara noticed the groups arrival as she felt their magic and saw as Yukina flew towards her. "Oh, good fresh meat" Evil Kara replied.

"That's good to know." Holly sighed contentedly as she grouped up with Yvraine.

"Any specific formation? Pincer? Flank?" Lilly asked.

"English, please." Haley stated, to which Lilly sighed.

"In English, for Haley's sake: Should we box Kara in or just go either side of her?"

"Good. Let's keep it that way."

"As Yukina keeps her busy you to flank her on her right side" She replied.

"We will go on her left ok" She told Holly with a smile.

Yukina was busy forming swirls of water around herself. As Evil Kara spotted the smaller group of girl's on the building. With a wave of her hands she shot several large wind blades at the building hoping to cut through it.

"What's a flank again?" Haley asked. "Is it tasty?"

"We've just told you, stupid! It's when we go either side of Kara!" Lilly answered with an exasperated sigh.

"So, it's not food?" Haley replied.

Lilly just ignored Haley's idiocy.

Kara seemed to have spotted the group.

"Wind blades incoming!" Holly announced.

The group then scattered and Lilly dived to the nearest rooftop.

Yvraine seemed to grab onto Holly's hand and jumped to the nearest rooftop. As the wind blades tore through the roof stop right where they had all been.

"I need her on the ground as I'm at a disadvantage on the roof" Yvraine replied. She let go of Holly and turned to face her. "Do, you have anything that can knock her out of the sky?" She asked.

Yukina finished forming the water swirls around her and shot off a torrent of water at Evil Kara.

"Not unless it's magical flight and by the look of her wings that's not it." Holly answered. "I've got something which can make you fly but I don't think Lilly'll like it." Holly then thought back to her fight yesterday. "I can prevent her from telepoting if that'll help." Holly suggested.

"Nice way to greet a friend." Lilly flatly stated. "Got chronic indigestion or something?"

"Those jokes were poor." Haley said with a shake of her head. "I think she's just putting on airs." Haley punned.

"This isn't a joke-off."

"It might be a jerk-off, though."

"Haley!"

"What? Kara's acting like a jerk and so are you so it's a jerk-off." Haley then smiled. "Dirty mind?"

"Takes one to know one."

"Then let's use that then" Yvraine said. A small green aura began to form around her as she looked over at Kara in the sky. "Got anything that can make attacks stronger?" She asked.

Very soon small particles of yellow light began to form in the air above her head.

The torrent of water shot towards Evil Kara. Who sent a blade of wind straight at it cutting through it. Both half of water then fell from the sky. As Evil Kara seemed to ignore what Lilly and Haley were saying.

"Okay." Holly answered with a nod. "Can you get me a little closer? I need to be around 20ft away from her to cast it."

Yvraine asked for strengthening magic and Holly provided.

"Quicken." Holly cast on Yvraine. "This'll help you cast faster.

"I do not have a dirty mind!" Haley answered. "I'm innocent."

"As innocent as a bloodied fox in a chicken pen." Lilly shot back.

"I'm no fox! I'm a kitty cat!"

This was getting nowhere fast. Lilly had to think of something to take Haley's attention from arguing. She put her down on the rooftop they were on and created her bow.

"Make illusionary arrows while I fire. Try to lead Kara with them into my actual shot. I'll make mine a pink color. Can you try to make yours a different color but include some pinks far away from it so it's not too obvious?" Lilly asked Haley.

"Okay, washboard." Haley taunted with a stifled laugh. Lilly ignored her and fired an arrow towards Kara's right wing. Haley quickly created arrows to the left hand side of Kara to try and lead her towards the right.

"I'll see what I can do" Yvraine said as she felt Holly cast magic upon her it seemed like when looking. Up that the particles of sun energy seemed to be gathering much quicker than before. A small ball of sun like energy began to form.

She then spotted a building not far from where, Kara currently was. "This might help" She said. "Teleport" A small magical aura formed around Holly and she was safely teleported to the other building.

Soon the energy was fully gathered and Yvraine's attack was ready.

"Solar Beam"

Evil Kara seemed to fly towards Yukina again as she gathered her magic for another attack. Yet looking to her left she saw a wave of arrows headed right for her, with a wave of her hand she sent a blast of air at Haley's arrows. When she felt Lilly's own arrows strike against her right wing sensing it aflame.

"Telepathy may be good now as we're at a distance. I've opened up a small channel where you can reply to any message I send but unless you have telepathic abilities yourself you can't send any messages to me." Holly sent to Yvraine. "I'll bind her with a Dimensional Anchor. She won't be able to teleport away or stealth."

Holly turned to Kara and cast her spell.

"Dimensional Anchor."

A purple chain with a hook at the end shot forth from Holly's outstretched hand towards Kara's body. If the hook latched on, it'll bind her to this plane and then disappear.

"Dead on!" Lilly stated when she saw Kara's wing catch alight. "Nice on, Haley."

"I expect ice cream." Haley answered.

"Later.

Lilly decided to bide her time for now to see if Kara toppled out of the sky. She knew she was useless in aerial combat so she hoped Kara would fall down soon

Evil Kara used a volume of wind magic to red herself of the flames upon her wing. She felt some of the feathers being burned away. She looked over to where Lilly and Haley were. She sent forth a again gust of wind at both of them.

She then turned towards both Yvraine and Holly. When she saw a again yellow beam of magic fly right towards her. Evil Kara quickly formed a magical barrier around herself as the yellow beam slammed into her shield right as Holly's anchor and hooked on.

"Ok if you need help just say the word" She said.

"Seems she's tougher than we thought." Lilly stated as she saw Kara put the fire out. "We're going to need a bigger flame."

"Guard me." Haley stated. "We'll fight birds with birds."

Haley then started to open up the illusion door to beckon something in. A gust of wind shot towards the pair and Lilly quickly picked Haley up to carry her away before the wind hit.

"Can you give a minor range boost to my magic, please?" Holly asked Yvraine. "I've got an idea."

"Will this work?" Yvraine asked.

She looked towards the building Holly was on and cast a small spell. Upon her which would increase her spell range about ten feet. She also decided to cast another spell on her which would allow her to teleport away to safety when needed.

Yukina saw her attack being cut in half then started to create tow large funnels of water.

"Good enough. Thanks." Holly sent back.

"Status." Holly cast. This spell allowed Holly to effectively monitor how her allies were doing in combat, including how much damage they've taken, any buffs/debuffs on them and a rough idea of their location. It had a normal range of thirty feet, which had now been increased to forty feet.

Haley was still summoning. She'd likely be like this for at least another few seconds. Lilly, taking a slight chance, decided to pull a little threat from Kara.

"Pale Spiral." Lilly cast towards Kara. Two white jets of flame burst forth from Lilly's hands and moved in a spiraling motion towards Kara.

Yukina sent both large water funnels at Kara.

Evil Kara's shield seemed to shatter as the beam broke through it she tried to teleport out of the way. But for some strange reason was unable to. The yellow beam slammed into her full on. Sending her flying through the air. It seemed that the impact had knocked her away from Lilly's latest attack as both jet's of flame seemed to miss her.

Evil Kara regained her ground. She formed another large barrier around herself and blocked the two funnels of water once done she began to gather the wind around herself. As strong gusts blew they blew up Haley's skirt.

"We really need to be better coordinated." Holly sighed with a shake of her head. "Telepathic bond: Link. Subjects: Holly Sera, Haley Sera, Lilly Sera, Yvraine Silverfawn, Yukina Silvermain."

A large purple dome of light grew from Holly to engulf the battlefield.

"Now we're all linked we might be able to do things better." Holly sent to the group.

"Cool! I can hear Holly in my head!" Haley answered.

"Telepathic bond? Good thinking. This'll stop that water hag from dousing my spells." Lilly sent back.

"We're meant to be working together! Not cutting each other's throats!" Holly lectured.

"I want Ice cream. Can you magic some up?" Haley asked Holly. "I'd also like curry with rice."

"This is not a fast food ordering service!" Holly angrily sent back.

"But I'm hungry..."

A sudden gust of wind shook the area and blew up Haley's skirt.

"Yay!" She called out as she felt the wind caress her bare lips. "Kara still loves me!"

A few moments later, Haley's summoning was done.

"Come forth, Garuda and Roc!" Haley summoned two giant birds which appeared from the illusion gate.

Both Yvraine and Yukina could hear what the others were saying inside of their minds.

Yukina got angry at what Lilly had said about her. "I'm sure you'll just wet yourself again in fear of the water" Yukina replied back.

"Enough of this Yukina and Lilly if you fight amongest yourselfs again then it's back to the room" Yvraine yelled.

The wind was still gathering around herself and she shot forward towards Haley.

"I'd actually be scared if you could aim but you clearly can't. You've not landed a single blow yet I've managed to strike her wings." Lilly answered Yukina's taunt.

"Lilly, grow up!" Holly sent to her. "Listen to Yvraine. She's clearly the most mature here."

"I'm still hungry. All this talk of fire, water and mature is making me think of cheese on toast." Haley injected.

"Magic yourself some illusion cheese on toast then!" Holly answered.

Another wind bolt at Haley, which the Garuda intercepted with a flap of its wings.

"Pecking time!" Haley told her pets. The Garuda shot a tornado towards Kara while the Roc flew in for a fly by peck.

"Knock her down, water hag! I can't hit her!" Lilly sent to Yukina.

"LILLY!" Holly scolded. "Please, Yukina, can you try to bring her down towards Yvraine?"

"Why not me?"

"Because I said so!"

"Cruel..."

"Yet that attack of yours was piece shit" Yukina answered back. She looked back at Kara who was flying towards Haley and created a water wall before her which seemed to stop Kara in her tracks.

Evil Kara saw the water wall before stopping. She then saw as both of Haley's beasts came towards her. Evil Kara sent a blast of wind at the tornado and seemed to avoid the peck by Roc.

"Wet yourself for her then that will bring her down" Yukina sent Lilly. She gathered another attack of water and sent it at Kara,

"Because you're useless!" Lilly angrily answered.

"You've asked for this, Lilly." Holly sent to her. She then focused her magic and sent a bolt of it at Lilly. "Resilient Sphere." Holly cast. A purple orb bust out of the magic and trapped Lilly within it. She tried to break out but the sphere stood firm. Nothing could harm it.

"What the hell?! Friendly fire's stupid!" Lilly exclaimed.

"You're useless to us if you let your emotions control you. You'll sit this one out and maybe you'll learn something from it." Holly sent back without remorse. One less headache.

"Worth it. She was no use to us like that." Holly explained her actions.

"Round two! Duo eagle dive!" Haley instructed her pets. Both creatures shot towards Kara. The Roc went from left to right and the Garuda from north to south. They each flew over Kara at separate intervals and tried to grapple her wings in their talons.

Yukina decided to ignore Lilly and sent two large torrents of water at Kara. One struck Kara and knocked her back. She blocked the other wave of water with a shield and sent a wind blade at Yukina.

Evil Kara then felt as both Roc and Garuda grab her wings.

Yvraine saw this and smiled. "Bring her to me" Yvraine sent Haley.

Haley did as asked and instructed her pets to take Kara over to Yvraine. Before they put her down, they clawed a little at her wings to try and prevent them from working so she couldn't fly away. After they had finished, they both disappeared back into the illusion realm.

"Good going, Haley." Holly sent to her.

"We don't need Lilly after all." Haley sent back with a little smugness, to which Holly chuckled a little.

Evil Kara felt both animals start to claw at her wings she tried to swap them away. But their grip was tight as she was brought closer to Yvraine. Many black feathers fell from the sky as small trails of blood rained down.

Yukina dodged the wind blade.

Yvraine was busy getting ready for what she planned to do to Kara. She began to gather vast amounts of magical power.

"Isha" Yvraine shouted. As she darker and more powerful half of her personality took over.

"Looks like we're done." Haley announced through telepathy. "Let's let the crazies deal with her."

"Seems that way." Holly answered.

The pair watched the events that were about to unfold. They were still ready for fighting should it come to it,.

More power was gathered around Yvraine as she pointed over at Kara two giant vine like roots. Suddenly seemed to form from the roof of the building and shot towards Kara. The vines were green and wrapped around her arms and legs.

She was pulled closer to Yvraine who once within range smiled.

"I've been waiting for this!" She snapped.

The pair continued to watch. It turned out that Yvraine was kind of on bad terms with Kara. The twins didn't know why and Holly didn't want to know either.

Back in the sphere, Lilly was watching the events unfold. She really wanted to get out there and slap the water witch for forcing her to sit this combat out. She wondered just what was running through Holly's mind when she trapped her. Was she feeling guilty? Scared? Apprehensive? Did she enjoy it? Did she really want Lilly out of the fight?

Asking these questions in her mind would get her nowhere. Lilly rode the sphere like a hamster in a ball towards the rooftop the twins were on. She kind of liked the feel of the ball. She felt like she'd had already become one with it but that was beside the point at the moment. She had more pressing matters to attend to. Once within talking range of Holly, Lilly asked her what she wanted to.

"Holly, any chance I could get out of this ball? I kinda need to...there's no other way to put this...I need to...pee." Lilly asked. She started to move around a little in her ball.

Yvraine just smiled an evil smile as Kara was brought onto the roof. "You killed my sister those years ago and now you will pay" Yvraine shouted as the vines tightened around Kara's arms and legs another one seemed to appear out of thin air and wrap around her neck. It started to crush the wind out of her.

Evil Kara was thrashing wildly against the vines holding her yet she felt the one around her neck. Start to crush her she had finally had enough calling forth more power of wind a many great wind blades formed and seemed to cut through each of the vines.

"No." Holly answered. "Don't try and pull that one on me. I won't fall for it."

"But I'm not lying! I really do need to!" Lilly answered. "This is humiliating. I'm being bullied by my little sister."

"You asked for it." Haley cut in.

Lilly didn't even bother replying. She just sat in her hamster ball and rocked gently from side to side. She knew she shouldn't have downed that Cola before the fight.

Evil Kara fell to the ground gasping for air as she regained what was taken from her. Still feeling weak Evil Kara floated into the air and flew high into the sky. She then started to shout out a name

"Lord of the Dragons, Lord of the Skies I call upon thee. Come forth Bahamut!"

Yvraine and Yukina felt the incoming flow of magical power that Kara was calling forth she was starting up a summoning spell one of great power.

"Can I go now?" Lilly asked Holly.

"No." Holly answered.

"But I really need to."

"No."

"I'm going to pee myself!"

"Do it. It's your own fault."

Holly was being quite unlike her normal self. Lilly decided to move over to Haley now.

"Can you let me out?" Lilly asked Haley.

"Yes but I won't." Haley answered.

"Why not?"

"Because."

"Because why? I'm going to pee myself!"

"Because I said so. You can pee yourself. You've done it before. Better out than in."

A loud cry seemed to rip across the sky. As Evil Kara had finally gathered enough power to fully summon forth Bahamut Lord of Dragons.

The clouds in the sky began to part as a mighty black dragon appeared in the sky. It's scales were black in color and seemed to cover it's whole body. It's wings seemed to block out the sun and her flapped them.

Neither sister seemed to care about Lilly's predicament so she was forced to sit in the ball and push down hard on her crotch. She wasn't sure how long it'd be before she burst. Where would it all go? Would she have to sit in it? How much would the ball fill up?

She quickly shook any thoughts of wetting herself out of her mind. She didn't want to. Although...

She noticed that the sky suddenly got darker so she looked up.

This didn't look good.

A huge black Dragon was filling the sky.

"Okay, I'm seriously going to pee myself now." Lilly announced to her sisters.

"So are we." Holly answered as she trembled in fright. Haley just nodded.

Yvraine and Yukina both gasped. As they saw the large black dragon fill up the sky. Yvraine knew that if the dragon attacked the city would be wiped out.

"We need to form a shield now!" Yvraine shouted and sent to everyone.

Yukina said nothing yet knew what to do she began to gather the water around herself. Then placed both hands forward and a large water shield began to form.

Yvraine noticed this and started to add her own powers to Yukina's water shield that seemed to grow larger in size.

The water shield coupled with a roar from Bahmut was the end for the trio.

"Too late." Lilly said as she felt warm fluid escape her urethra and pool around at the bottom of the sphere. She couldn't hold it any longer. The water was bad enough and the dragon just added to it.

"Same here." Holly said as a tell-tale splattering sound indicated that she had indeed burst as well. A small puddle was forming on the floor beneath her crotch.

"I'm just peeing for the sake of it." Haley admitted as she voluntarily let her hold decline. Holly's stream was joined by the splattering from Haley's as well.

Evil Kara told Bahamut what to do it started to open it's mouth as vast amounts of power began to gather in the conter forming into a small ball of energy that started to form. The ball of power seemed to grow in size with each passing second.

"A little help here?" Yvraine sent out.

Can't. Peeing." Haley sent back.

"What can I do?!" Holly asked in shock. "I'm no match for a GIANT DRAGON!"

"I'm trapped in a ball. I can't do much." Lilly answered.

Dragon's frightful presence was really bad in a situation like this. Once the three streams ended, Lilly was sitting in a small puddle which filled the base of the ball she was in and the twins were standing in quite a large puddle as well.

Yukina laughed quietly to herself. As she heard that Haley had wet herself. She just seemed to add more of her own power to the shield.

"Can you strengthen the shield being cast that's all I sak" Yvraine sent Holly.

"How'd that happen?" She sent Lilly.

"Don't you know? Holly locked me in here for no reason." Lilly sent back.

"I locked you in there because you weren't helping us at all." Holly sent back.

"Don't know no shields but I can get someone who does. Give me a minute." Haley sent back. She teleported over to the rooftop with the group on and started to chant to open a gate to the Illusion world.

"Let me out?" Lilly asked. "I can make shields!"

"Just let her out of the damn thing" Yvraine shouted.

She looked up as the ball of energy in Bahamut's mouth was now much larger in size and shape. She felt the power from it.

"Don't talk. Don't do anything but make the shield." Holly ordered Lilly as she dismissed the sphere. Lilly nodded in response as her urine pool splashed onto the floor. She then dived over to the rooftop with the group on and added her flame to the shield strength. It now seemed to take on a fiery glow.

"Still casting." Haley announced. "He'll be here soon."

Holly teleported over to the rooftop with the teleport given to her at the start by Yvraine and added an arcane layer to the shield. She made it the inner layer as her's was the weakest shield present.

"So, what is that thing?" Holly asked.

She felt as Holly appeared beside her and added the acane layer to the sheild. The shield seemed to grow in strength as all the girl's poured their magic into the shield.

Bahamut was finally done gathering the energy needed to attack.

"Mega Flare" Kara screamed.

A large around sphere of pwoer shot forwards at the shield.

"He's here!" Haley announced as a tall man in a top hat appeared from the Illusion gate. He seemed to have no face and he looked like a wooden doll. The sort of thing artists use to start drawing people. A posing mannequin of sorts. The Magician tilted his top hat and pointed his cane at the shield. It appeared to grow in strength even more as a black layer was added to it.

"Don't like the sound of the Mega Flare." Holly stated.

The sphere of power slammed into the shield creating a massive explosion of raw magical power. A blinding light filled the area as Yvraine and Yukina shut their eyes against the light.

"Cast ok Kara now while you can" Yvraine sent to everyone.

The intensity of the light was too much. All the girls shut their eyes at the sight of it and Holly fell to the floor a little as she felt a stray beam fly through the shield into her own.

"How long will this last?" Haley asked. "Dragon breath can't last forever. We'll strike her when she's down."

"Only a little while longer" Yvraine told Holly as she still had her eyes closed against the blinding light.

The dragon's breath was starting to fade away but there was still lots of power left for now.

The girls kept the shield strong while Bahamut expelled his weapon on it. Haley was starting to get a little impatient as she really wasn't doing much. She looked up at Bahamut and smiled at the big dragon.

"He'd make a nice pet." She announced.

Bahamut seemed to fade away as his time was up. Evil Kara was panting heavily as it had taken. A great deal of power to summon him. As the light fadded to Yvraine opened her eyes.

"Now everyone attack her at once" Yvraine shouted.

"Why attack her?" Holly asked. "Why not just trap her?"

Not caring about the other's opinions, Holly went ahead with her plan.

"Resilient Sphere."

A familiar purple sphere shot forth and collided into Kara's person before a large purple bubble started to form around her.

"If we attacked her all at once we could weaken her further" Yvraine told Holly, "But you also have a point there" She added.

A large purple bubble began to form around Evil Kara she again tried to teleport away, But the anchor from earlier was still affecting her. The bubble formed around her completely.

"This won;t hold me for long" Evil Kara shouted.

"Try it." Holly challenged. "It's made to imprison just about anything. You can batter it as much as you want."

"Clever." Haley commented. "Not a practical design, though."

"Start talking." Lilly commanded. "Why are you doing this?" She knew that that wet patch on her leotard would make her a little less intimidating.

Evil Kara did just that she battered the sphere with the little power she had left. Yet nothing seemed to work at all.

"Why should I tell you anything?" Evil Kara answered as she looked over at Lilly. "Oh, nice wet patch did this make you wet and horny?" Evil Kara taunted.

"N-no it didn't!" Lilly answered with a huge blush. "It's just..."

"She peed herself." Haley cut in. This evoked an angry glare from Lilly.

This line of questioning was now down the drain because of Haley. She'd have to try another approach. She looked over at Yvraine and seemed to indicate with her eyes that she should take over.

"Just what, just like the other night when you were all mine and I fucked you like crazy?" Evil Kara spoke.

Yvraine seemed to walk forwards towards Kara she used a vine whip to wrap around her neck. And turn her head towards her,

"I should kill you" Yvraine snapped.

"WHAT?!" Lilly shouted out. "You did WHAT?!"

She couldn't believe what she was hearing. Kara would never do something like that. Lilly even checked herself over in the shower that morning and she had no signs of forced entry or any form of entry for that matter.

"About that..." Haley started. She couldn't quite tell her the truth yet. "Ignore it. She's crazy."

Evil Kara just laughed at Lilly's shout she ignored her.

"Oh, look who we have her the younger sister still feeling angry at what I did?" Evil Kara asked.

A look of pure hatred formed in her eyes as the vine around her neck tightened.

"Family squabbles are a headache." Haley stated as she dismissed the Summoning she made and then turned away from the group to sit on the edge of the roof.

"If you don't need me I'll just be over there." Holly told the group as she joined Haley on the edge of the rooftop.

"We all done?" Lilly asked, hoping they'd say yes so she could get out of her wet leotard.

Evil Kara turned her head slowly to look back at Lilly a final time. "I know what you truly want" She said painfully.

Her head was snapped back towards Yvraine.

"But I don;t think I will just yet" She said.

"Have fun. Don't play too rough." Lilly said to the trio as she headed to join her sisters. While walking, she changed back into her school clothes. When she joined the pair, she sat with them and looked over at the town's skyscape.

"Kinda nice view." She commented to her sisters.

"Yeah. I like this kind of view. It's always very peaceful." Holly answered.

"D'you think Kara'll ever be back to normal?" Haley asked.

"I don't know." Lilly replied. "I really don't know."

It seemed that Yvraine and Evil Kara had alot to talk about. There was various shouts and yelling going on mostly this seemed to come from Yvraine. Who started to sob yet seemed to release the vine from around Kara's neck.

Yukina had been watching everything. But her gaze seemed to be fixed on Lilly. She decided to have a little fun with her. With a small wave of her hand Yukina chanted softly.

Soon a small water patch began to form on Lilly's panties. This was mainly meant to tease her.

While chatting about random things, Lilly felt a little wetness on her panties. She looked down in shock and saw a small wet patch form. She knew it wasn't because she needed the toilet, as she had just let it all out when Bahamut appeared. She shot an angry glare back at Yukina.

Holly seemed to catch on and she joined the angry glare. Except Holly's was more like a cute pout than an angry glare as Holly couldn't do angry very well.

The chatting soon seemed to head as Yvraine walked up and placed a hand upon Kara's head.

Yukina smiled back she made the wet spot on Lilly's panties grow bigger. She looked at Holly but said nothing she floated up into the air and seemed to fly away from the group.

"Yeah, fly away with your cheap magic tricks." Lilly quietly taunted Yukina as she left the group.

"Elements are complicated." Holly said with a shake of her head. "Just because water and fire don't mix it doesn't mean that people who use them have to follow suite as well."

The conversation between Yvraine and Kara has now ended with Yvraine touching Kara's head.

"Done now?" Haley asked as she went up to the squabbling duo. "Can we get going?"

It seemed that Yukina had one final trick left for Lilly. A small puddle of water formed above her head. Before falling down towards her.

Evil Kara seemed to fall a sleep suddenly.

"She should return to normal in a few hours"

Lilly suddenly felt like a bucket of water had been mercilessly splashed onto her head. She let out a surprised yelp before diving up and looking at how wet her clothes were.

"Yuukiiiiiinnnaaaaaaaaaaa!" Lilly growled as she looked up to where Yukina had gone away. "I'LL GET YOU!"

"So, she is just tired?" Haley asked, not quite understanding what was going on. "What were you talking about?" Haley then looked over Yvraine and tried to read her past links to Kara.

"Something like that she will be sleeping for a while it's best that one of you look over her" Yvraine said. As she handed Kara over to them.

She turned away from the group and seemed to become engulfed in a wave of vines then vanished from sight.

For some reason, it turned out that Haley couldn't read anything off her. She wondered just what she might be hiding. "Okay." Haley answered as she took Kara over to Lilly.

Lilly took Kara and turned to Holly.

"Can you teleport us to the school?" She asked Holly.

"I'm not sure but I'll give it a go." Holly answered as she prepared a teleportation circle.

Kara just laid there in Lilly's arms yet she seemed to reach around and hug Lilly for comfert.

Inside her head Evil Kara had been sealed away once again. It appeared that Yvraine had placed a much stronger seal over the area in her that was evil.

Once the circle was complete, Holly asked the group to join hands while she cast the spell. It took a little while but they arrived in the main quad of the school again.

"Let's take her to the infirmary." Lilly suggested and the group carried Kara to the infirmary. Inside, they placed her on a bed and Lilly looked at a wall clock. They only had ten minutes of lunch left. The twins had already changed out of their battle outfits and were now sitting with Lilly watching over Kara.

Kara was placed upon a bed as she seemed to be tossing and turning in her sleep. As she dreamed she saw images from her past and from today. The evil part of her had tried to hurt her froends.

"Leave them alone" Kara shouted.

She was tossing and turning more and more now.

"She looks kinda whacked out." Haley commented when she saw Kara toss and turn.

"Wouldn't you be?" Lilly asked rhetorically. "She's just been overtaken by a sealed part of herself. Of course she'd be a bit broken down."

Holly placed a hand on Kara's head and a warm purple light came forth from it to engulf Kara's person.

"Respite." Holly cast. This spell should help soothe any mental pain or anxiety Kara was going through right now.

The spell Holly had cast upon her seemed to help at first and her tossing and turning faded. But soon it returned with more force.

"I.. I didn't mean to leave them alone" Kara started to speak out.

She seemed to be reached out with her hands for something.

"Help someone help me"

"Didn't seem to work." Holly declared when she saw Kara's restless sleep return. "Any ideas?"

Lilly shook her head and Haley had her usual mischievous smile on her face.

"Not perverted ideas." Holly quickly cut in. Haley frowned and remained silent.

Lilly and Haley both leaned in a little closer to see what was wrong with Kara. When Kara reached her hands out, her left one clasped around Lilly's tiny left breast and her right one lay on Haley's flat chest just above her right nipple.

"Not my fault." Haley announced.

Kara not know what she was touching seemed to grab ahold of it and fondle it or at least pulled on it. She seemed to fondle it some more as images of the dream of the other night filled her mind. "Lilly I know you want this" Kara said.

She twisted Lilly's nipple gently in her sleep before letting go of both breasts then seemed to reach out for something again.

After the fondling, Lilly quickly stepped away from the bed. She had a huge blush on her face.

"She's a beast!" Lilly announced.

Haley, on the other hand, seemed to enjoy it. She climbed onto the bed and pulled up her skirt to reveal her panties. She then pulled these aside and guided Kara's hand to her exposed flower.

"Touch it." She quietly encouraged Kara.

Kara hands came around Haley she pulled her close to her. With her right hand she touched Haley's body her hand seemed to have a mind of it's own as she reached down. Her fingers came into contact with Haley's treasure.

She seemed to run her fingers lightly over the flower petals. Rubbing and touching them like any sort of lover would.

"Sickening!" Holly announced as she turned away from her sister's blatant lust for pleasure.

"Um, Haley...?" Lilly cut in. Haley just seemed to ignore her.

"Touch it. Pleasure me. Make me burst." Haley seductively ordered Kara. She had used a little of her magic to make her voice sound like Lilly's to Kara.

A small amount of magic seemed to leak out of Kara and engulfed both of them. Forming a small sphere around them it was normal one Lilly and Holly couldn't see inside. But they could speak to Haley if they wanted to.

"I wanted this for so long" Kara sounded. As she heard Lilly's voice. Again she ran her finger's over Haley's peach and slipped her index finger inside.

"I like seeing you pee, I want you to wet yourself only for me and no one else" Kara said.

"I think we should leave." Holly quietly said as she started to head out of the infirmary. Lilly stayed behind for a while longer. She could hear what the two were doing but she couldn't see it.

"A have I." Haley answered. "I don't need to pee right now but I know you'll make me burst."

Haley thought about ways in which she could make herself desperate enough to wet herself on Kara.

Kara seemed to use her other hand to reach up and start to try and pull off Haley's clothes. "Lilly I liked the other night I know you liked me pleasuring you remember in the classroom?" Kara asked.

She slipped another finger inside of Haley.

Haley wasn't quite sure what Kara meant but she decided to play along with it.

"Can you make me burst now like you did back then? Make me explode all over you. Make me soak you in my warm pee." Haley answered.

For some reason, her heart was beating really fast and she was feeling rather hot. Haley had no idea what this meant but the vaginal stimulation which Kara was giving her was causing her to need to urinate.

Kara started to slowly slide her fingers in and out of Haley slowly. At first then they started to pick up speed.

"Yes, I will I like when your desperate I.. I love you Lilly" Kara answered.

She tried to slip a third finger inside of Haley.

Haley's request for relief was becoming more severe as Kara rubbed a little faster. Haley wondered just what Kara was doing. She didn't quite understand what was going on. She somehow liked what Kara was doing as well.

Haley's clitoris was too small to allow Kara to put a third finger in. Haley felt the need to urinate rise at a rapid rate. After a few seconds, the first spurt of warm fluids left Haley's urethra to wet Kara's teasing fingers.

"I'm peeing." Haley told Kara. "Keep going. Make me burst."

Lilly wasn't sure what to think of it all. She could hear them talking about things but she didn't know what they were doing. She was strangely drawn to listen to the pair. She pulled her skirt up and pushed her panties down and, somehow, found herself rubbing around inside her clitoris.

"Kara loves me?" Lilly quietly asked herself as she heard Kara admit to it.

Kara found out she couldn't add in a third finger but instead used her thumb to rub over. Haley's clitoris she felt warm urine flow onto her fingers.

"Lilly your doing it please do it to me to I love you" Kara said happily,

Just what sort of kinky dream was Kara having? Haley wasn't quite sure what to do so she just copied what Kara was doing to her. She pulled Kara's panties aside and rubbed away at Kara's clitoris. She felt another spurt escape her own urethra so she knew she wouldn't last much longer.

"I'm gonna pee soon. Do you want me to pee anywhere in particular?" Haley asked Kara.

Whatever the two were doing in there, it definitely got Lilly going. She could already feel a climax coming on and she hadn't started rubbing until a little while ago. She got some towels from a nearby bed and placed them on the seat she was using. She then took off her skirt and panties and folded them up. She then placed them on a nearby bed. She didn't want to get her new uniform wet. She also placed a few towels on the floor beneath her seat in case she bust and started to spray a little more than she wanted.

Kara had never felt happier she felt Haley's small fingers upon her clitoris and moaned in pleasure. She kept up her own movements on Haley.

"On the floor I wanna see it" Kara said.

She had moved up off the bed and fully kissed Haley on the lips.

"Okay." Haley answered as she got up off the bed and sat on the tiled floor of the infirmary. "Watch closely, I can only do this once."

Haley knelt down and spread her feet apart. Her legs were now in a 'v' shape, giving Kara a full view of her panties if she so wished to look. Haley's clitoris was practically touching the cold floor through the thin cotton of her panties. She lifted the front of her skirt up and closed her eyes. She exhaled deeply as she let her muscles relax.

It started out as some small drips landing on the floor before it turned into a slight trickle. Haley's panties became wetter as her stream started to flow free. The rivulets of her yellow urine ran out of the sides of her panties and down her legs to pool on the cold tiles of the infirmary floor. Once the seal was broken, Haley's stream became a full on torrent of warm yellow liquid which hissed out of Haley's sodden panties and in to the floor of the infirmary to form a large yellow puddle. Haley's panties were now so wet that they were sticking to her flower's petals. If Kara looked closely, she could see Haley's peach through the sodden material in all its glory, almost as if Haley was wearing no panties at all.

After around twenty seconds, Haley's torrent died down to a trickle. She was now sitting in a huge puddle on the floor.

"I peed." Haley announced with a slight chuckle.

Lilly was practically gushing herself as slimy clear fluid shot forth from her own clitoris to land noiselessly on the towels she had placed underneath her. She went through at least three climaxes as she listened to Haley's stream puddle onto the floor around her. She imagined it in her head with picture perfect clarity. She loved it.

Though Kara couldn't see what Haley was really doing she was dreaming of Lilly doing that instead. "It looks so pretty and cute" Kara said with glee. She could see Lilly's panties all wet with her juices she smiled at this.

Watching as Lilly/Haley wet herself Kara moaned in happiness. "Thank you" Kara shouted out. As she reached out with both hands and wrapped around Lilly. But in the real world she was holding nothing. "You will be punished for this Lilly but I know you'll like the punishment" Kara answered.

Secretly, Haley had recorded what she was doing with her magic. She transfer this to her phone and send it via text to Kara and Lilly later. She knew they'd love it.

"Punish me. I've been a naughty girl." Haley said seductively.

Lilly, because of the multiple climaxes, was now panting for breath. Her hand was wet and the towels under her were soaked with love juices. She lay back on her seat with her bottom half naked as she caught her breath again.

Kara had gotten off the bed she seemed to open her eyes finally. She was still a bit out of it but she still was picturing Lilly before her. Walking over she took Lilly/Haley by the hand. Using her other hand to run lightly over her sodden panties.

"Just look at yourself Lilly you peed yourself have you no shame?" Kara asked.

She smacked Haley on the butt rather hard.

"If it's for you, I would never be shamed." Haley answered, thinking that was the sort of answer Kara wanted. She let out a little more urine as Kara ran a hand over her sodden panties.

"Touch my puddle. Shame me with it." Haley begged.

She slapped Haley's ass again. "Take off you clothes" Kara order as she ran her fingers arcross the wet materail of Haley's panties.

She pushed her fingers into Haley's peach. "just like yesterday in the classroom I bet you did this on purpose now hurry with the clothes and sit in your puddle"

Kara was starting to creep Haley out a little now but she knew she should keep up the faade.

"I will do as you command." Haley answered as she took off her wet panties and threw them to one side. They splatted against the floor wetly before sticking to it. She then removed her school dress and sat in just her socks and vest.

"You look beautiful sitting their in your puddle" Kara then took off her own clothes and panties. She walked over and joined Haley in sitting in the puddle.

"I want you to make me feel good"

"Join me. We'll warm it back up." Haley answered and it appeared that Kara did just that.

"Touch me like you did before." Haley answered as she returned to stimulating Kara.

Kara answered Haley's wish and went back to stimulating her with her fingers. "Can you make me pee as well Lilly?" Kara asked.

As she slipped a finger inside of Haley again.

"I'll try but you're stronger than me in that sense." Haley answered. She tried to mimic Kara's earlier movements which caused her to burst.

"Make me pee more."

Kara moaned in pleasure as she felt Haley's finger on her peach. "Your wish in granted" Kara said. She added another finger and mirrored the vents from earlier on Haley.

True to her word, Kara's movements was causing Haley to start to need to urinate again. She was surprised herself as she didn't normally need to go shortly after bursting but something was different.

She quickened her own movements against Kara's crotch in hopes of making her burst as well.

Kara increased her movements on Haley and smiled.

It was also having in effect on Kara as Haley's fingers were working their magic and making her need to pee.

"I'm gonna burst soon." Haley announced as she started to move around a little. "I won't do it unless you tell me to."

Despite what she said, she was already starting to feel the warm fluids creep up to her urethra's exit.

"We will do it together" Kara said. She started to move around as well.

She could feel that her bladder was quite full and was begging for release.

"Please let me go now." Haley begged as she was practically shifting around every second. "I don't think I can hold it much longer."

She then felt the first large spurt leave her girlhood. It hissed out as it splattered against the cold floor of the infirmary.

"Then let it go" Kara answered.

She felt her own spurt leak onto Haley's fingers as then a steady stream flowed out of her urethra. To then pool onto the floor. Forming a small puddle in the already cold wet puddle from earlier.

"I can't..." Haley started, She then completely lost control as fresh urine gushed out of her urethra to soak her crotch and Kara's teasing hand before re-heating the puddle on the floor.

"I've burst. I'm sorry." Haley said to Kara while trying to sound as apologetic as possible.

Kara felt the pee soak her fingers as Haley let loose with her own stream. She kept on fingering Haley.

"It's okay sweetie" Kara said.

"Twice I've peed myself without your permission." Haley answered. "Will I be punished?"

Secretly, Haley was loving every second of this. She didn't care if Kara thought she was Lilly, she loved the attention and the skinship.

"Later Lilly right now this is all we need" Kara said as she kissed Lilly/.Haley on the lips.

She used her finger to tease Haley's urethra some more.

Haley didn't fight the kiss. Once it was over, Haley bent down and kissed Kara's clitoris.

"Tastes bitter." She chuckled as she licked Kara's nib of her clitoris.

Kara moaned as Haley kissed her clitoris.

As she licked it a small spray of urine shot out into Haley's mouth.

"It's like a water fountain." Haley chuckled when Kara's urethra spurted out a spray of warm liquids. "I wonder what'll happen if I bit it?"

Haley then bit Kara's nib ever so gently to see what would happen.

Kara moaned louder as Haley gently nibed on her clitoris. "D..don't do that kyaa" Kara screamed.

As a larger spray of pee splashed into Haley's face.

"I'm thinking it's more like a sauce bottle now." Haley changed her observation. "Squeeze it too hard and it all squirts out. What about if I did both together?!"

Haley alternated between licking Kara's bitter clitoris and biting down on the nib of it. She wondered just what result this'll give.

"N..no.. please" Kara begged she was totally enjoying what Haley was doing to her.

She had forgotten about Haley's own needs as she soon climaxed. Sending forth a wave of pleasure juices and warm urine into Haley's mouth.

"Bitter and slimy if I do both?" Haley concluded. "Do you like this?"

Haley lapped up the juices that Kara's vagina had expelled into her face and coughed a little at it. It didn't taste that good and Haley knew something was up but she just went on with it.

"Want to do it to me next?" Haley asked.

Kara fell back against the floor. "I like this thank you" Kara said between breathes.

She lay there for a time not sure what she wanted to do next. "Whatever you wish"

"I've made you feel good so now you need to make me feel good." Haley told Kara with a smile.

Haley still felt a little off since lapping up Kara's juices. She hoped it was nothing serious. She wondered just what they were.

Kara seemed to crawl over to Haley and pushed her naked body on the floor. She spread her legs and started to slowly lick and suck on her small treasure. She used her tongue to push into the folds of Haley's labia.

While with her other hand sought out Haley's rear where she slipped a finger inside.

"Ahn!" Haley moaned out. "Be gentle. Don't break me."

Haley had never felt this feeling before. It appeared that her ill feeling had passed by once Kara had started her teasing. Haley's breathing became slow and heavy as Kara continued her stimulation. Haley felt her urge to urinate rise. Something was definitely up. Three times in such a short space of time? Just what was going on?

Kara took this on by going faster with her tongue on Haley's peach. She withdrew her tongue and started to greedily suck upon Haley's peach. She fondled Haley's rear with her finger before raising her bottom half into the air.

"I'm gonna...I'm gonna..." Haley panted out. Her magic was failing so her normal voice would echo behind that of Lilly's. "Kyaaaaaaa!"

Haley burst in Kara's face. Warm clear fluid gushed forth from Haley's girlhood to soak Kara's face. The torrent seemed never ending as it poured forth like a upturned beaker of water.

Kara felt a torrent od pee splash across her face she lapped this up and drank it down. "Lilly, oh Lilly" Kara cried out as she brought her mouth away from Haley's peach.

It was that moment when Kara fully woke up she opened her eyes fully and saw Haley on the floor.

Once Haley's bladder was fully empty, her torrent stopped and she lay on the floor panting from exhaustion.

"Why did I need to pee so much?" She quietly asked herself. She then looked up to Kara and noticed the realisation in her eyes. She'd been found out.

"Uh, hey, Kara." Haley said with a nervous smile.

Looking around she saw that she was sitting in a large yellow puddle on the floor. "How'd I end up here and what am I sitting in a puddle of pee?" Kara asked.

She looked down at herself and saw she was naked the same thing with Haley to. "Haley what did we do?" Kara asked.

Unsure of just how to word what they did, Haley went for a partial truth surrounded by lies, which she hoped Kara wouldn't pick up on.

"Well, as you know, you were put to sleep to cease your crazy rampage. Once we got back here in the infirmary, I started to feel a little off colour, I think I used too much magic, so I went for a sleep to see if I felt better afterwards. I think, with all the thrashing about you did in your sleep, you managed to take off my clothes as I slept on the same bed as you at the suggestion of Lilly, just so she could watch over us both easily. You know what I do when I sleep, don't you? I think, after you stripped us both in your sleep, we managed to roll onto the floor and that's where I peed the bed, technically speaking."

Haley hoped her little story was believable enough.

Kara slowly took in what Haley had to say to her. "Sounds a little weird if you ask me but I'm sorry" Kara says. She got up off the floor "we better get cleaned up" Kara offered. It seemed that the field of magic around them started to fade away to reveal their naked bodies and the puddle on the floor.

Kara had her back to Lilly and didn't know she was there still as she went about cleaning herself down.

"Lilly's right behind you, you know?" Haley informed Kara. "I think we should pull the curtain unless you want to give her a strip-tease."

Lilly just stared, mouth agape, at the naked duo in the puddle of urine. Her face was bright red and she had no idea where to look. She wanted to look to see Haley's naked body but she was also aware that Kara was right next to her so she might get the wrong idea and think of Lilly as a pervert.

Blushing Kara stopped cleaning herself down. Only to slowly turn around and saw Lilly sitting on a bunch of towels naked from the waist down.

"Lilly why are you naked below the waist?" Kara asked as she started to pull the curtain closed around the pair.

"Kya!" Lilly cried out in surprise as she used her hands to cover up her naked girlhood. "I wanna ask you two the same thing!"

"Busted." Haley giggled. "Lilly's been pleasing herself to seeing my naked and pee."

"Have not!"

"Have too."

It was true what Haley had said but she couldn't admit it. Not in front of Kara. Lilly quickly dried her still wet peach with a towel and started to put her clothes back on.

"Stupid Haley. I haven't been doing anything of the sort." Lilly grumbled to herself to try and deny the truth. Yet she still had the images she'd thought up in her mind of Haley and Kara 'going at it'. She blushed even more and tried to shake these thoughts out of her head.

"I was a sleep I didn't know what I was doing" Kara spoke. She started to get cleaned up before putting on her own clothes once again.

In her own mind she still had the images of what she had been doing with Lilly. As she opened the curtain again she looked at Lilly but then looked away blushing.

"Oh I'm so wet and soaked in my pee. I wonder what I should do?" Haley declared loud enough for Lilly to hear. She was doing this to tease her and spite her. It was having its desired effect as Lilly tried even harder to push the thoughts out of her head yet she just couldn't do it. "Should I ask Lilly to clean me down and wipe away my pee from my wet girl bits?" Haley continued her mental assault.

Lilly was now trying really hard to fight back the urge to start to please herself again and give in to Haley's taunting. Her resolve finally shattered when she saw Haley's naked body when Kara opened the curtain. She ran towards Haley's location. It would seem like she was running straight for Kara from Haley's vantage point, who was right behind Kara, but she knew it was for her.

"N..No I'll do it" Kara offered still blushing. She went over to Haley not really sure what she was doing. But as she saw Lilly running out of the corner of her eye she thought she was running towards her. Before Lilly ran around her and moved towards Haley. Feeling sad Kara turned away from the pair.

Then slowly walked out of the room. Yet before she did "I'll leave you to alone" Kara said in a sad tone. As she opened tje door and left true be told she felt jealous. "I wanted Lilly to do that to me" Kara said as she walked down the hall.

Lilly held Haley in a hug, ignoring her wet body. She then handed Haley a towel and a wet flannel.

"H-here." She said as she turned her blushing face away from Haley. "You're old enough to do this yourself, silly."

"Awww, I wanted you to do it." Haley tried her assault again. It worked as Lilly cleaned Haley down. Taking extra care around her girlhood and nipples before doing the same with the towel.

"You're dry." Lilly told Haley as she turned her back to her. "You can put your own clothes on."

In truth, Lilly was ecstatic for being able to do what she did. She really wanted to put Haley's clothes on her as well, particularly her panties, but she knew she couldn't. Lunch had been over for the past half an hour so Lilly really should be getting to her lessons. She hoped that her teachers knew just what she's been through.

Thoughts were racing through her head of everything she had seen and known about Lilly and both her sisters. In truth she was jealous of them of the love and attention they all got from one another. In truth Kara had never known any of that as she was an only child she felt really sad on the inside.

"Why can't I ever feel the way they do?" Kara asked herself. She then walked over to the main quad of the building. And sat down on a small bench.

"I want to feel loved I don't want to feel alone anymore. I want to feel like I belong somewhere and have people who will love me"

Lilly started to head out of the Infirmary when she heard Haley speak to her.

"Kara thought it was you." Haley told Lilly. "I made it that way."

Lilly stopped for a second and digested what Haley had told her. She didn't want to reply so she just left the infirmary and headed to her next lesson. She passed through the quad and saw Kara on a bench.

"Shouldn't you be heading for you lesson?" Lilly asked.

Back in the infirmary, Haley was starting to feel a little weird again. Her stomach hurt and her mouth felt really dry. She pushed these aside and got a drink of water from a nearby cooler before heading off to her French Lesson.

She was still sitting alone when she saw that Lilly was walking towards her. "I guess" Kara said quietly. She got up from the bench and started to walk past Lilly. "I want to feel the same feelings of love and attention you have for your sisters" Kara said as she walked past. She headed back into the main building leaving Lilly outside.

"I wish you would make me feel just as special" Kara spoke. Before the doors fully closed behind her.

"The love I have for my sisters is different." Lilly answered. "I've still got a space for one special person." She wondered if Kara got her message as she answered just after Kara closed the door. Lilly stayed in the quad for a brief moment as the gentle wind caused her clothes to blow about ever so slightly. Pink petals fell from the surrounding Cherry Blossoms as Lilly slowly went off to her lesson. History Class would be boring.

"You look kind of pale." Holly told Haley when she arrived halfway through the lesson. "You okay?"

"Feel like I wanna puke." Haley answered. "Stomach pounding. Head pounding. Mouth dry."

"Have you seen the nurse?"

"No."

"Do you want to?"

"No.

"Why not?"

"Will probably chuck on the way."

Kara had not heard what Lilly had to say before the door had closed. She walked along the hallways and went to her next lesson which was German. She walked in with a slight blank look on her face.

She took her seat and just looked out the window.

History Class. Learn about old mistakes to not do them again. Despite that, people still do. Lilly paid little to no attention to what the teacher was saying. She had no interest in History. She just gazed out of the window at the quad, looking at the Cherry Blossoms falling from the trees to litter the pavements and benches.

"You really should go and talk to the nurse. You look really sick." Holly continued.

"Feel sick. Look sick. Will likely be sick." Haley answered shortly as she lay her head on her desk and curled up into a ball from the pain in her stomach.

Holly put her hand up to draw attention to Haley's predicament.

"Excusez-moi, peut ma soeur s'il vous plat aller  l'infirmire comme elle est malade?" Holly asked when she was called upon. (Excuse me, can my sister please go to the Nurse as she's ill?) Holly didn't really care much for French but she could speak it really well. The teacher answered and Holly nudged Haley a little.

"Let's go." Holly told Haley, who just groaned in response.

Seemes Kara wasn't really paying much attention she just seemed to go along with the motion. Of actually doing her work like a robot drone. Her thoughts were still on Lilly and her sisters. As she was doing her work she took out her phone.

'"I'm lonely"' Kara sent to Lilly

She sent the text then added in something else.

'I know I can never have or understand the feelings you and your sisters have for each other. But I've seen the way you all act around each other and how you all love each other. I want to feel that I want to be loved that sort of way'

Kara sent the other message.

Lilly's phone buzzed just above her crotch in the pocket of her skirt. She loved the feeling and let it buzz for a short while longer before looking at it. Kara had text her.

'I love my sisters like most siblings do. There's still a space in my heart for another person. We've been torn apart by means which are out of our control and for that I feel deeply depressed. I want to spend more time with you but I can't.' Lilly sent back.

En route to the infirmary, the twins visited the toilets as the pain got too much for Haley and she did as she said she would. Holly quickly ran to reception and informed the receptionist of Haley's predicament and they said that the nurse would be along momentarily. Holly went back to rejoin Haley and just hoped it was nothing contagious. She had to stand outside the toilets as she knew she'd go the same way if she saw it.

Kara heard her phone buzz. Then looked at the message that Lilly had sent to her. She read it she felt happy at the first part then felt sad at the rest of it.

'Can I be that other person? But I guess it was never meant to be then as we already know what will happen. If my Father finds out about this and I'm sure he will. I'm sorry but I'm tired of being alone and sad all the time' Kara sent back.

'That is a possibility.' Lilly sent back. She'd rather not answer the rest of the text as it'll probably just depress Kara further.

The Nurse arrived outside the toilets and Holly directed them in. She was asked to come along as well but she outright refused to. Her excuse was that she'll just end up the same as Holly couldn't deal with rejections from the stomach that well.

"I just feel...ugh..." Haley stated when the Nurse asked her of her symptoms. "My stomach hurts and..." Haley started before she ended up nearly covering the nurse in her rejections. "..my head hurts."

The nurse asked Haley, between breaks of what was going on, if Haley had had anything different to eat at lunch or if she had had any form of shock against her stomach.

"No..." Haley answered. "I've not had...urk...anything different."

Kara sent nothing back to Lilly. It wasn't until a few minutes later that she got a text saying she was needed at the main office. Seemed that her Father had arrived at the school and had come to get her for the later meeting with Marie. Asking her teacher if she could be excaused from class the teacher agreed.

Clearing her stuff she made her way out of the room and towards the main office. Before she went inside she sent Lilly a final text.

'I'm jealous'

She sent then clsoed down her phone and walked inside.

Lilly received the text from Kara and saw that her phone signal had gone. She just hoped that it didn't mean anything serious. History class finished and Lilly went to visit the toilets before her final lesson. She noticed Holly outside and wondered why she was there.

"What's wrong? Toilets locked? Haley not going with you?" Lilly asked Holly.

"About Haley," Holly replied. "She's sick. She's got some form of sickness bug I think."

"She's in there chucking up at the moment?"

"Yeah."

"Figures."

It appeared that Lilly will have to wait before she can go now. She didn't fare well with sickness much either.

"I need to pee as well but I can't deal with that." Holly answered as she moved around on the spot a little.

"Go pee. There's some toilets down the corridor and to the right." Lilly told Holly.

Kara walked inside the main office and saw her Father Kale standing there. "Ah, Kara shall we be going now?" Kale asked her.

Kara said nothing but only nodded her head. Kale turned around and thanked the headmaster and walked out of the office with Kara behind him. "Today everything shall be changing you will be the one to rid me of Marie from this town" Kale told her.

Kara didn't really understand. "What do you mean?" She asked.

"I'm going to use you to destroy her place of business: Kale answered.

"Won't make it." Holly replied as she squirmed around some more. "Been holding it since Haley had her funny turn. I'm close to leaking."

Lilly wasn't sure what to do. She wanted to grab Holly in a princess carry and whisk her away to the toilets but she also didn't want to draw attention to the situation. Thankfully, Lilly problem was solved when a pale and crying Haley appeared from the toilets with the nurse behind her. Holly wasted no time. She darted in past the pair and quickly went into a free cubicle. She didn't care that they were only half out before she started gushing out into the toilet.

"I wanna go home." Haley sobbed out. "I hate being sick."

"We'll go home now. I know Mother's not going to give a damn about any of this so I'll take Holly and we can go home early." Lilly replied in a comforting voice as she stroked Haley's head. She looked towards the nurse. "Can we go home early? Haley's going to be home alone otherwise and Holly's not going to want to walk home alone when school finishes."

"That's perfectly fine. Haley needs bed rest and she'll be all better tomorrow. It was a minor sickness brought about by something which didn't agree with her." The nurse answered.

*012*2014-07-10 00:38

Here is the next chapter to those who read this.

Chapter 10: Scared and Afraid

As Kara took in what her father had just told her. She turned and ran away from him back into the school.

"Damn it Kara get the fuck back here!" Kale yelled as he started after her.

She ran down the halls like a frightened deer in front of head lights. She needed to tell Lilly about what was happening. She quickly took her phone out of her skirt pocket and dialed Lilly's number.

She heard the phone ring on the other end but only got a voice mail.

'Lilly please I need help, my father wants me to destroy your Mothers company I don't want to go with him please help me' Kara cried into the phone.

Kale chased after Kara he seemed to move much faster as he used a gust of wind and flew in front of her.

Landing upon the ground Kale grabbed Kara by the neck. Then slapped her hard across the face "how dare you run from me" Kale snapped as he punched his daughter in the chest then slapped her hard across the face.

"L..illy please" Kara begged as her phone was still opened and Lilly's voice mail was still recording.

"I thought I told you that you weren't allowed to see her anymore" Kale yelled. He slapped Kara's face again and again.

She started crying and sent out a wave of wind in a panic hoping it would find Lilly.

The nurse went off back to the Infirmary while Lilly waited, still cradling Haley in her arms, for Holly to finish up in the toilets. After around three minutes, Holly left the toilet when she'd finished everything she needed to do inside.

"I leaked a little." Holly admitted with a blush. "My panties aren't that wet but they're still a little uncomfortable."

"We're going home now anyway." Lilly answered as she tried to push lewd thoughts regarding Holly out of her head.

A faint gust of wind shot down the hallway and blew up both Lilly and Holly's skirts. Lilly just caught a glimpse of the small wet spot on the crotch of Holly's panties before trying to push down her skirt to prevent her panties from being on display.

"Kara's hurting again..." Haley groggily stated. "She's in pain."

It took Lilly a second to realize but the wind itself was not normal wind. It was a magical wind which matched Kara's magic helix. She locked on to this helix and tried pinpointing the location it came from. It came from the entrance to the school

"Seems like we'll have to wait for a little while." Lilly answered as she put Haley down. "Holly, can you teleport yourself and Haley home? I'd rather Haley not be here in her condition."

"I can try." Holly replied.

"I'll be back soon." Lilly told the pair a she darted off down the corridor and changed into her battle outfit.

Kale still held Kara in his arm he then punched her hard in the chest knocking the wind out of her. She fell to the ground gasping for air. "Your nothing but a waste of human flesh" Kale snapped as he brought back his foot and kicked Kara square in the chest,

She looked up and spotted a familiar figure in the distance running towards her. "L-Lilly" Kara gasped out her face was brusied and covered in fresh blood. Kale heard the name spoken and turned about towards Lilly.

"Ah, the daughter of the slut" Kale stated.Kale stands just a few inches under six feet his hair which is black has white. Highlights on the right, left and top part of his hair. Kale's pupils are slitted like a cat's ones, his right eye is a beautiful shade of blue, and his left eye is a golden wolf's eye. His eyelashes are quite short, while his thin eyebrows are delicately curved. He then changed into his battle armour.

Kale wears strange shoulder armor that has a black cape connected to it drooping over his entire body so no one can see underneath it. He also wears a black tight tank top which seems to fit him pretty comfortably. On top of the shirt he wears what seems like a jacket of some kind that is like a dark purple kind of like color and it has no sleeves on it all. He wears some strange looking baggy type black pants and his tank top is tucked neatly under his pants so his shirt fits him a bit more tightly. He wears tall black boots which buckle and come over top his pants coming up past his ankles almost halfway up to his knees which seem to almost way a ton from the looks of them. On his left side is a long great katana which is in a dark purple sheath.

He looked over at Kara. "Your no longer welcome in my home" Kale stated. As he kicked her once again in the chest,

Lilly reached the Ravenclaws a little after the time in which Kale had changed into his empowered form.

"People like you make me sick." She stated. "What kind of father would openly abuse his daughter in the middle of a school? You're nothing more than a egotist who flaunts his power like it's something to be amazed at. Seriously, if you're so confident in yourself then you don't even need to be empowered."

The magic which Kale was emanating was not something to be trifled with and Lilly knew this.

"This could be my last fight but I don't care. I'll keep him busy while Kara runs away." Lilly thought.

She'd rather keep him talking than get into a fight.

"You look like you've had a fair share of conflicts. I can tell from your magical aura. You're not really hiding it that well." Lilly told Kale. She allowed her aura to be identified now as a slight means of a peace gesture. "As you can tell, I'm still a greenhorn to the battlefield. I've got into a few scrapes and my overall success record is good but I'm no pro."

"You truly believe I care about what you have to say to me?" Kale asked. He started to walk over to her but stopped a few feet away from her. "Your one to talk I know all about how your mother does the very same thing" Kale added. He reached down and then grabbed Kara by the neck before tossing her over to Lilly.

Kara landed on the ground with a tiny bounce and looked at Lilly with tear filled eyes. "That is of no business of yours" Kale said, He fired off a simple but rather powerful blast of wind at Lilly. Before the wind engulfed his body and her vanished from sight.

"I no longer have a home" Kara said to herself.

Lilly couldn't protest against Kale's statement. Her mother really did flaunt her power around and, while she has never physically abused her children to the extent Kale has, she has neglected them quite a lot and caused some rather fatal situations for them. Lost in her mind, she didn't see the bolt of wind magic coming at her. It hit her square in the chest and she flew back a good twenty feet before landing winded on the floor.

Once the initial shock of the wind impact had worn off, it turned out to be nothing more than a deterrent. Kale himself had disappeared. Picking herself up off the floor and panting for breath, Lilly went over to Kara.

"That kind of makes two of us. I wouldn't call that prison my home." Lilly told Kara. "Mother's not one for taking in strays off the street, which is what she'll class you as, but I'm sure you can bed down at mine if you want. We'll just have to keep you under wraps."

Kara got to her feet and looked over at Lilly. "Could I just for tonight?" Kara asked. She walked down the hall towards the main entrance off the school. She really didn't know what she was going to do now.

She was homeless and had no where else to turn to. She might be able to stay with Lilly just for tonight but what about the next. "What will the twins think?" Kara asked herself. As she waited for Lilly by the main doors.

"Tonight, tomorrow night, the whole week, the entire month, however long you want." Lilly answered. "I'm not about to leave a friend in need alone."

Lilly was actually quite happy that Kara could technically live with her but she wasn't happy that it wasn't by her own incentive. She hoped that Kara would be alright with everything now. She didn't want to face Kale.

"I think they'll love it." Lilly replied. "Haley's a bit sick at the moment. It's nothing major, just an upset stomach. The nurse told me that it wasn't contagious. Maybe you staying would help cheer her up? She's been a little down since the revelation."

The pair walked outside of the school and headed down the street to Lilly's house. "I don't want to be a burden or anything" Kara answered at first. "Thank you" She added.

She felt happy as by having more means of being able to spend time with Lilly and her sisters again. Maybe this time she could finally feel the love and affection that she had been wanting to feel for a long time now.

"I hope it wasn't something I caused?" Kara asked as she remembered back to her and Haley. Being naked on the floor together after around twenty minutes of walking they had finally reached Lilly's home.

"The nurse said it was probably something she ate." Lilly informed Kara. "What would her eating anything wrong have to do with you?"

Lilly used the scanner to open the front doors of her home. A slight clicking noise was hear before Lilly pushed the door open. The house was strangely quite. Lilly lead Kara in and up the stairs to the twins' bedroom. She knocked on the door and Holly opened it. The look of sheer shock and amazement was clear when she saw Kara.

"Kara?!" Holly gasped. "What're you doing here? I thought you weren't meant to see us. Not that I don't like it, mind. It's just a little strange that's all."

"Kara's here." Haley mumbled sleepily from the bed inside. "What'reyoutalkingabout?" She tried to sit up but regretted it when her head started to spin a little.

"You shouldn't be sitting up so quickly." Holly told her sister. "You'll make yourself sick again." Holly turned back to Kara. "Want to come in and see her?"

"N-nothing" Kara quickly answered to Lilly's question. She followed Lilly inside of her house then up the steps to the twins bedroom. Lilly opened the door and she was greeted by Holly. "I needed a place to stay my father as kicked me out of my home and I have no where else to go" Kara answered.

"Yes I'd like that" Kara spoke she walked inside of the room. Once Holly had moved out of the way. She saw that Haley was laying on her bed and rushed over to her. "I can make you feel better" Kara spoke. She placed both her arms forward and a soft yet gentle wind blew upon Haley as a small bit of healing magic flowed onto her.

"My father wanted me to destroy your mother's company as a means to put her out of business. But I refused to do so" Kara says she leaned down and kissed Haley on the forehead. Part of her hoped that this would some how make Lilly feel jealous as a means to get back at her for what happened in the infirmary.

"That's horrible!" Holly gasped back to Kara's revelation. "You're free to stay with us for as long as you like."

The wind caressed Haley and she felt her pain disappear. Se managed to sit up and give Kara a hug.

"Thanks." Haley smiled to Kara. She then felt a kiss on her forehead.

"Destroy one and another would pop up. My Mother's got branches everywhere in the country and some in foreign countries." Lilly shrugged to Kara. "It's good that you didn't, though, as that'll harm whatever meager inheritance I'm getting along with the girls."

"Money's of no importance. Think of the employees." Holly mildly scolded her sister.

"I guess so. That won't be good if they're harmed in the process."

"Thank you" Kara said to Holly as she remained by Haley's side she had sat down on the bed next to her. "I'll need a place to sleep for tonight but doesn't this effect a larger picture what happens if your Mother finds out I'm here?" Kara asked.

Kara thought this over for sometime. "I think my Father is planning on something major I remember hearing about he had originally wanted to kill your Mother before you guys had arrived at dinner the other night" Kara explained.

As she looked over at both Holly and Lilly she felt a small bit of happiness forming in her heart.

"She won't. Simple as that." Lilly told Kara with a smile. "Holly can take care of hiding your presence so you can only be seen by us. It's nothing major. As for a place to sleep, there's the guest room if you want but I'd rather you sleep in either my room or the twins' room. If the guest room looks lived in then the maids might get suspicious."

Lilly, in truth, really wanted Kara to sleep with either of them as then she'd be watched over. She must have hated to be so alone all this time so a little bit of company might do her the world of good. Kara probably needs support right now.

"So that's what that strange zone was for then." Lilly concluded. "He must have also sent that Water Witch to kill her as well!"

Kara blushed as she heard where she could be offered to sleep. She blushed deeper at the thought of sleeping in Lilly's room. As maybe they could get closer but with everything that had gone on earlier in the infirmary Lilly was sure to know that Kara lusted after her. "I'll sleep in the twins room tonight then yours tomorrow ok?" Kara asked.

"I had felt her magical helix leaving my house just moments earlier" She replied. She looked over at Holly and wondered how she felt about tonight this would let her get to know Holly even better than before. Part of her knew that Haley would love the idea.

"Fine by me." Lilly replied. "Room alternation would also help to hide you better."

"I-if Lilly says it's a good idea then I'll go with it." Holly added in with a blush. "We'll take good care of you."

"Kara's sleeping in my bed!" Haley declared. "I called dibs on it!"

"I think we should move the guest bed in here." Lilly answered quickly. "It's improper for a girl her age to sleep with someone else."

In actual fact, Lilly didn't want Kara to sleep in the same bed with anyone but her. She was unaware of these thoughts at the moment but she felt sure that was the right thing to do.

"I knew Yukina was a traitor! Yvraine's probably sided with her as well!" Lilly stated. She then remembered, at the thought of Yukina's water magic, her own need for letting out water. "I'll be right back. I've just gotta use the girl's room."

Lilly then started to head out of the twins' room and towards the left wing's toilet, which was a short walk away from the twins' room.

"That would work out for the best" Kara replied. She saw as Holly blushed but she blushed as well. "I hope that you will" Kara replied again. She blushed most at hearing Haley calling dibs on her.

"I agree with Lilly on that matter, I hate to ask this but can I barrow some sleep wear and a extra pair of clothes and panties?" Kara asked. At some point she'd need to return home and gather some of her clothes to bring them here.

"We don't know that about Yvraine at all from what I saw she seemed nice enough to me" Kara says. She saw as Lilly left the room to go pee.

"Anyone want to help me change?" Kara asked out of the blue.

After Lilly had finished in the toilet, she went about the usual routine and returned to the twins' room.

"As for clothes, I've got a whole walk in wardrobe full of them. Some things might not be your size in certain areas but they'll do for now." Lilly answered Kara's question when she returned from the toilet. "Still, we can't let out guard down around her."

Kara's next question evoked a strong response of two blushes and a mischievous grin.

"Y-you're old enough to do that yourself." Lilly stammered back.

"Eh? Ah? Erm, uh ... EHHHHHHHH?!" Holly answered. She couldn't form any words at the moment.

"Sure!" Haley quickly replied.

"NO!" Lilly shot back.

"Awww...."

"Can I have a look at what you have to offer?" Kara replied. As she saw the blushes on Lilly and Holly's faces.

"I know but still wouldn't you like to help?" Kara asked. She really hoped that Lilly would agree to this as this would be like what she saw her doing in the infirmary with Haley before she had left the room.

"Why not Haley would be a great help" Kara answered back. She looked over at Haley and winked towards her.

"You can look at my clothes if you want but I'm not helping you put them on." Lilly answered. "It's indecent."

"Kara says I'll be a great help so why not?" Haley asked Lilly.

"Because she's old enough to get herself dressed and you're too young to help." Lilly curtly replied.

Dressing assistance aside, Lilly started to head out of the room.

"I'll show you to the wardrobe." Lilly told Kara. "It's just down the hallway and opposite my room."

Sighing in defeat Kara got up off of Haley's bed. "Okay then lead the way" Kara replied. She followed Lilly out of the room but before leaving she turned back to Haley.

"Maybe we can have fun in a different way" She said.

She then fully walked out of the room.

"It's just down here." Lilly told Kara as she took a left turning down the landing and across to her room, which was just outside the east wing. She opened the door opposite her bedroom and lead Kara in to her walk-in wardrobe.

"It's not much but there's a few outfits in here. Pick whichever you like." Lilly said as she blushed. She hoped Kara wouldn't raid her panty drawer, which was near the dressing room at the back.

Kara followed along in silence as Lilly led her to her walk-in wardrobe. Soon they reached it and Lilly opened the door she walked in and stared in amazement at all the different kinds of outfits that Lilly owned.

"Reminds me of my own" Kara said.

She started looking through the clothes.

"There's everything in here. Street Clothes, formal wear, party wear, swimwear, you name it." Lilly replied, feeling a little proud of her collection. She then noticed just what she said. She told Kara about her swimwear. She blushed bright red and corrected her statement. "Ignore the swimwear. We're not going swimming any time soon."

In truth, Lilly was embarrassed about her 'swimming body'. She had nothing to show and not really anything to hide either. She just hoped Kara wouldn't look for them.

"I'm just looking for some night clothes and maybe street clothes do you recamend anything?" Kara asked. As she really wasn't sure which of all these outfits would be really good on her. As she was searching she spotted the swimwear that Lilly had mentioned. She took a moment to look at the different ones Lilly owned.

"At some point we might I don't know when" Kara says. She looks over at a blushing Lilly "what about panties anything I may like?" Kara asked. She was enjoying seeing Lilly like this.

"I'm not picky about what I wear as long as it's cute. I've got shorts, t-shirts, sleeveless tops, blouses, jumpers, jackets, dresses, the list goes on. If you're looking for dresses then they're over there." Lilly answered as she indicated a clothes rack. This clothes rack was quite close to her swimwear but she trusted Kara enough to not raid it.

Lilly's swimwear rack had a lot of different patterned one-piece swimsuits on. They all looked child sized. The variety of patterns were ranging from floral to seascapes. By the side of the swimwear rested a deflated floaty. Inside some of the swimsuits, a few two-piece ones were hidden. These two piece ones were also child sized and had no room for any form of bust to fit in. One of them had a cute kitten image on the front of the bottoms and another kitten on the top half as well. There were sure to be more hidden around somewhere but would Kara look for them?

"Not any time soon." Lilly shortly replied. "D-don't ask about panties, please." Lilly stammered back with a blush. "I-I've got a couple but..but..."

Kara listened to what Lilly had said. As she started to search through the section of various blouses that Lilly owned. She soon came upon a nice pink and white silk blouse. She took it and placed it over her arm. She then went to searching through the dress section which was near the swimwear. She spotted a nice black pleated short skirt which she picked up and also placed over her arm.

She had finally spotted the swimwear and for a tiny bit searched among them. She saw the various ones but as she was looking she spotted a small two-piece was a cute kitten image upon it and tried to picture Lilly wearing it. She blushed at the thought then turned around and saw a blushing Lilly again.

"Why not I'm sure you have some that would look great on me plus I don't know where they are?" Kara asked. She hoped Lilly would tell her about them as she shifted around a bit in excitement.

"P-p-panties are private wear. I'll pick them out." Lilly answered with a bright red face. She went towards the back of the walk in wardrobe and searched through her underwear drawer. She looked through the various panties she owned and couldn't help but picture how Kara would look in them. Her hand came across something quite thin and lacy. She pulled it out and saw a lace thong. Her blush intensified and she quickly hid this right at the back of the drawer.

"When did I get that?! WHY did I get that?!" Lilly thought to herself. She finally came across an acceptable, albeit a little childish, pair of panties. They had a panda on the back of them and were cream in colour. She went over to Kara and put them in her hand.

"All I could find." Lilly told Kara with a huge blush. "The others were either too small or too..."

Kara watched as Lilly went about her business of looking through her panties drawer for something. She could wear she saw Lilly holding something for a moment but couldn't make out what it was. Lilly then came back with a pair of panties with a panda on them. "Um thank you" Kara said.

Seeing as they were alone Kara started to undress right there before Lilly. She was doing it slowly as she tok out off her school outfit then started to takes off her panties. Leaving herself naked in front of Lilly. She placed then clothes she had picked out on a small chair and went. About stepping in the small pair of panties she had been given. While stepping into them Kara flashed her peach very briefly to Lilly.

Lilly let out a startled yelp when she saw Kara undress in front of her. She turned her back and had a huge blush on her face.

"Ch-ch-ch-Changing room!" Lilly stammered out. "O-over there. Not here."

Lilly indicated the small dressing room at the back of the wardrobe. She couldn't believe how brave Kara was to undress in front of her so easily like it was nothing at all. Lilly hadn't the courage to do that even in front of her sisters let alone a friend.

Kara gathered her other clothes and went into the changing room. Which Lilly had pointed out she finished changing into her new clothes for the evening. Then picked up her school outfit "we were both girls nothing was wrong with that" Kara said,

She left Lilly alone and headed back to the twins room.

"We may both be girls but it's still embarrassing." Lilly answered with a huge blush.

After Kara had left, Lilly went back to the twins' room as well. She wanted to check on Haley again.

"Your boobies are showing." Haley told Kara as a joke. Lilly's clothes did look a little small on her after all.

Kara had arrived first into their room and went over and sat beside Haley again. She blushed at what Haley had said. "I'm sure you want to see them" Kara teased she patted Haley on the head then looked at Holly.

"What can we do for fun?" Kara asked.

Soon Lilly appeared again.

"Seen 'em." Haley answered with a smile. She then quickly started to grope them. "Groped 'em."

Holly, seeing all of this, knew her answer to Kara's question.

"Not touch each other inappropriately might be a good start." Holly told Haley before noticing Lilly's arrival. "Haley's at it again. She must be feeling better."

"S-Stop that! Kara's our guest!" Lilly scolded Haley.

Kara blushed further as she felt Haley's hands grope her breasts. She reached up and took Haley's hands away from her breasts. "Some other time" Kara told her.

She wondered just how this was doing for Lilly was she wishing she could do that instead or was. She hating the fact that Haley was having fun.

"You don't moan like that when I do it to you. You moan quite differently." Haley teased. "Wanna do it as well?"

"Stop it!" Lilly answered with a blush.

"You dropped yourself in this one." Holly sighed.

In truth, Lilly wanted to do that to Haley but Haley had nothing to do it to. She really wanted to do it to Kara as well but she knew it'd seem weird. Her personal likes was more towards doing it to Haley as a means of punishment for embarrassing her.

She could see the look in Lilly's eye and knew she wanted to give in and do this to her. Yet again she felt the jealous bug hit her when Haley teased Lilly.

She moved away from Haley and went over to Holly. "Let's leave them alone" She said. She walked over to Lilly and gently pushed her towards Haley.

"Have fun" Kara said in a sad tone then left the room and waited for Holly.

"I'm not about to do anything to Haley. It'll only provoke her further." Lilly told Kara when she was pushed towards Haley.

"Boo." Haley pouted. "I know you want to. Kara's also waiting for it to be done to her."

"D-don't say things like that!"

"As usual, petty squabbles." Holly sighed. She then turned to Kara. "Haley's always like this. Don't take it too personally."

After a little staring competition between Lilly and Haley, Haley finally gave in and decided on something else to do.

"I'm kinda hungry. Shall we get some food?" Haley asked. "I've also gotta pee so can I get out of bed?"

"You seem better so I think you can." Holly answered. "Personal need first, food later."

"Kara, wanna come along?" Haley asked Kara.

Kara said nothing back to Lilly from what she had heard Haley speak. As she had come back into the bedroom again.

"Some other time" Kara replied again.

She looked over at Holly. "I'm not a fan of how that turned out it sounds just like before" She spoke.

It seemed that Haley wanted some food but first needed to go pee Kara herself also needed to pee. As she shifted around from foot to foot "Um, sure" Kara answered with a blush on her face.

"The bathroom in the left wing should be big enough for two people." Lilly told the pair. "It's got two separate toilets in as it's normally the one Holly and Haley use and you know what they're like."

Lilly headed to the door and Haley got out of bed to follow.

"I'll lead you to it." Lilly said to Kara. "Unless you'd rather have Haley and you go alone."

It was true she did know how they were like as she listened to Lilly explain where the bathrooms were. "Are there others than just that one?" Kara asked.

She followed to the door.

She heard again what Lilly spoke of as she did a small pee dance. Either go with Lilly or go with Haley? "I'll go with Haley alone" Kara spoke. She wanted to go with Lilly but if she tried anything like before Lilly wouldn't want any part of it.

"There's quite a few bathrooms in this house. It is three floors after all and that's not including the basement levels." Lilly explained. "There's around three toilets and one huge bathroom on the ground floor. There's two bathrooms and one shower room on this floor and there's around another two toilets upstairs. In the basement, we haven't really got what you'd call a toilet but we do have a means of relief for when we're stocking the wine cellars and sorting out the basement storage."

"If you say so. Haley'll lead the way. She frequents it quite often after all." Lilly answered. This'll hopefully be some form of revenge against Haley.

"Yeah, I do go quite a lot." Haley answered simply, picking up on Lilly's attempt at embarrassing her. "Come with me."

Haley left the room and headed through a pair of double doors on her right. The doors lead into a long corridor which turned off a little to the right at the end of it. She went down the hallway and opened the first door on her left. This door lead into quite a large bathroom with two toilets at the back, a large shower cubicle, a medium sized bath and two sinks.

"Here we are." Haley told Kara as she went towards one of the toilets. The toilets were separated by a small divider but that was about it. She pulled down her panties and sat on the toilet. A few moments later, a quiet trickling could be heard. Haley had no shame of letting it all out in front of another person. She'd been doing it since she was really young so it was kind of normal for her.

Kara listened to Lilly as she explained where the bathrooms all were. She took this all in and then left the room with Haley.

"There's nothing wrong with that" Kara answered. As she followed behind Haley Who went into the bathroom she went inside and looked around then walked over and took the empty toilet next to Haley's though a divider seperated them.

She pulled down her own panties and sent her own stream into the toilet. She blushed as she heard Haley's pee splashing against the water.

"I know what happened earlier in the infirmary between you and Lilly though I only saw a little bit. Before I left the room I wish Lilly would do that stuff with me" Kara said.

"Lilly's always pampered Holly and I like we're the only two people in the world." Haley answered. "All she's ever had to take care of was us. Mother never really paid us that much attention so Lilly took on most of the Motherly duties like teaching us how to walk and helping us get toilet trained. I think it's just her maternal instinct."

Haley thought about continuing the story but she wasn't quite sure how Kara would take it.

"Want to know a little more? The real reason why Lilly's so defensive of us?" Haley asked quietly.

Kara was still peeing away as she listened to what Haley had to say. "Maybe yet form what I've seen she takes it to far" Kara said as she also remembered what she had seen Lilly do in the shower the other night.

"Now why is that?" Kara asked.

"She does go a little overboard but she doesn't know any better." Haley replied. "Her Father took care of her most of the time but, as you know, he's no longer around. Mother re-married and then had Holly and I."

Kara seemed to want to know more about Lilly and the twins.

"If you wanna know then..." Haley started.

"When Lilly was around six years old and Holly and I were three, we went to our holiday home near the sea. Lilly's Father brought that home and took Lilly there every year until he passed away. Lilly loved that home. She would always beg Mother to take us but Mother wouldn't listen. In the end, Father agreed and said that it sounded like a good idea. Mother was none too happy at that point in time but she still took us along.

"It was during the summer holidays when we went. I don't remember much of the journey as I think I slept through it. Lilly told me I fell asleep with my head on her lap and Holly fell asleep as well but had her head on Lilly's shoulder. Once we arrived, Lilly gently woke us both up and took us in to the house to show us around. The house was a little bit smaller than this. Lilly said it was a refurbished mansion but I don't remember much about it to be honest. All I remember is that it was very big and very old.

"The Holiday seemed to go along quite well but something was bound to ruin it."

Haley took a short breather.

"Are you sure you want to hear the rest?" She asked Kara. "I don't think you'll ever look at Lilly or us the same way again."

Kara listened as Haley told her tale she wasn't really sure just what it was about. Seemed they had a nice life when their Father was still around though their Mother was still a bitch to them she thought nothing of it yet when Haley mentioned something was bound to ruin it. Kara thought nothing of it.

"Why not who says I will think of you any differently?" Kara asked.

"It's just a feeling." Haley replied.

"One day, when we wanted to go for a bit of hiking in the nearby mountains, Mother declined. Father was all for it but he couldn't just leave Mother alone in the house. To be honest, Lilly didn't really trust her Mother that much. She was worried that she'd ruin the house and come up with some way to sell it on. That house meant a lot to Lilly. It was kind of like a sort of inheritance left to her by her Father. As Holly and I were just three years old, we wanted to go and we wouldn't stop pestering until we were allowed to. Mother got tired of this and ordered Lilly to go with us. Lilly tried to fight her case by saying that she was too young to be left alone but Mother wouldn't listen.

"To keep us quiet, Lilly took us into the mountains. Bad idea."

Haley wondered just what Kara would think of the next bit.

"Anyway, in the mountains, the worst thing happened. I still feel bad for it even now. I dragged Holly into my stupid decision and caused Lilly to suffer as well. Mountain trails are kind of thin and unstable so they're no place to run around and play. But, as I was only three, I didn't know this. I pestered Holly to play with me despite Lilly's instructions to not cause any vibrations in the mountains. Holly, being the nice girl that she is, kept saying no and telling me how dangerous it was. I didn't listen and I regret it.

"When we reached the peak, I started to run around and drag Holly along with me. Lilly kept telling us not to but I didn't listen. Holly was also telling me to stop. I tripped over near the edge of the cliff and fell to the floor quite hard. Lilly ran over to us to check if we were okay but as soon as she reached us, the cliff crumbled and we fell into the forest below.

"I don't know what happened now because I was unconscious. Holly was also out cold as well. It was a miracle we're here today. The next half is what Lilly told us happened.

"Lilly ran down the mountain to try and get to us. She was crying her eyes out and wishing that her Father was there to help her but he wasn't. She kept running and running. She didn't care how badly her body hurt of how much she was pushing herself. She just wanted to save us. When Lilly arrived, we were trapped under the rubble from the landslide. Lilly tried to dig us our but she wasn't strong enough to. She was really crying now and calling out to us to ask us if we were okay and how much she wanted us to answer her. Lilly kept digging despite her lack of strength. In the end, she just fell to the ground crying.

"Lilly then saw a red glow coming from a broken tree. She went over to it in hopes of finding something to use to save us when she saw what looked like a ferret made of fire."

Haley wiped herself down and flushed the toilet behind her. She then went over to the sink to wash her hands.

"I'm sorry, that's all I know. Lilly never told us any more. You should ask her for the rest yourself. I'll ask with you. Holly and I should be old enough now to know the truth."

Kara listened as Haley told her tale again and she lsitened to what was said. Seemed something had happened to them up there seemed like Haley had fallen over the edge of a cliff the same seemed to have happened to Holly as well. Though Lilly tried to save them though she wasn't able to yet she seemed to see something made of fire.

She finished up and wiped herself down.

"I get the picture already I don't need to know anymore" Kara answered, She had the feeling this was some how related to how Lilly got her powers. She walked back to the twins room when Haley was finished.

"You sure?" Haley asked.

Haley went back with Kara to her room.

"Finished?" Lilly asked the pair. "If you have we've got food to eat."

Lilly set off down the stairs with the group in tow.

"No need to worry. The Maid's are sworn to secrecy when it comes to matters to do with me. They won't question why you're here." Lilly told Kara.

Lilly noticed the look on Haley's face. She must have told Kara something quite personal to be that down. She just hoped that Haley hadn't gone into too much detail.

Kara thought about this for a time she did still want to know about their history but. She wasn't quite sure if she should really know it as well. "I don't know" Kara answered once they got back to the room.

"I'm not really hungry right now can I remain here?" Kara asked.

She was hungry that was true but after learning what she did it felt kind of strange. She needed time to think.

"You sure about that?" Lilly asked Kara.

Without wanting to press the matter further, Lilly went off with her sisters to the dining room. Lilly couldn't help but think something strange was going on with Kara. She seemed kind of reserved at the moment and unwilling to talk about anything.

"What did you tell her?" Lilly asked Haley.

"Nothing much." Haley half lied.

"Yeah, I fine" Kara answered.

She watched Lilly and her sisters leave her alone in the twins room. She didn't know what to think at the moment since. She had heard something rather personal about Lilly and her sisters.

She went over and sat down on what appeared to be Holly's bed.

"What did you tell her?" Lilly asked again. She didn't trust Haley's rapid answer.

"Only about our holiday home." Haley admitted.

"What else?"

"The mountain."

"And?"

"The fire ferret."

The last part made Lilly slightly angry.

"Why did you tell her about them?" She asked Haley with slight anger in her voice.

"Because she wanted to know. I only told her that there was a fire ferret but not what it did."

"Did you tell her any more?"

"No."

Lilly wasn't sure if she could trust Haley's answer but something about it made it seem like she was telling the truth. She didn't want Kara knowing about her own foolishness in regards to her half-sisters.

Kara sat upon the bed then laid down. She was still trying to think of what had fully happened up on the mountain. At some point she'd have to ask Lilly for the truth of the matter. Since she didn't really have anything to do at the moment she decided to take a nap.

She closed her eyes and drifted off into a light sleep.

The snack went on quietly. No one talked to each other. Each person was lost in their own thoughts and poor Holly was left in the middle of it all. The pressure of the tense atmosphere didn't really help her that much. Throughout the meal, Holly was starting to feel the need to use the toilet but she tried to hide her signs. She didn't want to think what might happen if she left Haley and Lilly alone in their current moods.

Five minutes later the need just got too intense. Holly didn't want to risk an accident so she excused herself and quickly went into the downstairs toilet.

"Kara's going to want to know now." Lilly told Haley when Holly had left.

"She said she wasn't interested." Haley answered quietly.

"Don't take that at face value. She could just be trying to be courteous."

"But-"

"Quiet. No more."

Holly returned from the toilet a little while later. They group finished their food and headed up back to the twins' room. They found Kara asleep on a bed.

"Kara's on my bed?" Haley asked. It was true, Kara was asleep on Haley's bed.

Lilly went over to Kara and gently shook her awake.

Kara dreamt of the past she pictured Lilly and the twins in her mind. Much like before where each girl had told her that she wouldn't be alone anymore.

"Can I be with you always?" Kara said in her sleep. As everyone returned into the room.

"We all love you and your welcome to be with us always you'll be our new sister" Everyone said in Kara's dream.

"That means so much to me" Kara said aloud.

She was then gently shaken awake. She opened her eyes and saw Lilly standing next to her.

Kara's dream mumblings went unnoticed by the group as they weren't really paying that much attention and the general sound of their movements drowned out the sound of Kara's mumblings.

"Wake up, sleepy head." Lilly smiled at Kara. "We've got a bed to move and I'm going to need your magic to do it."

Lilly hoped Kara wouldn't ask about what happened with the fire ferret, Lily's contracted source of magic.

Kara saw Lilly's smile and fully woke up again. "Okay show me where it is" Kara said she got up off of Haley's bed.

She followed Lilly out of the room to the guest room.

"It's right here." Lilly told Kara as she indicated a king sized bed in the middle of an elaborately decorated room. "It's kinda big as you can tell. I was hoping you could somehow shrink it or make it lighter so we can move it easier."

"I don't think we could shrink it." Holly said with a shake of her head. "I could possibly teleport it if need be but it'll take some preparation time. I've never teleported inanimate objects before."

Kara saw the rather large bed but sadly she shook her head. "I can lift things but I can't shrink them sorry" Kara said. She then listened to what Holly had said about teleporting the bed, "Consider this your first lesson then from Lilly in magic" Kara said.

"Haley seems we better follow suit" Kara told her.

"Teleportation is quite simple if you know the area you're taking it to." Lilly explained to Holly. "All you've got to do is have an accurate picture of where you want to go in your mind and take along the bed with you. I'd suggest you sit on it and hold on to a banister so you've got a physical link to the object you're moving and then just picture yourself moving to that area."

"Sounds easy the way you say it." Holly answered. She went about Lilly's instruction and sat on the bed. She then held a banister and pictured the large empty space in her room. She tapped into her magic and then, in the blink of an eye, she was gone.

"She's got the gist of it." Lilly concluded. "Shall we check the results?"

"Sure" Kara said as she walked back to the twins room. Once they got back inside they saw Holly sitting on the bed. Is was now located in the very middle of the room between both the twins beds. She then went over and sat on it.

'You did a good job" Kara said.

She still needed to give Haley a lesson but wasn't sure where to begin

"Dizzy..." Holly mumbled when Kara congratulated her. She then felt something rise in her stomach. "Bucket. Quick!"

Haley quickly ran in, grabbed the bucket and passed it to Holly, who had now jumped off the bed. Holly's travel sickness got the better of her.

"Remind me never to hold only one side of the bed." Holly quietly said after her sickness had faded. "Spinning..."

"Teleporting's still a little hard for her it seems." Lilly stated with an embarrassed smile.

Kara moved away from Holly and she did her thing in the bucket. Then went back and sat down on the bed again.

"Maybe she needs someone to train her how to do it better?" Kara asked.

She laid down on the bed.

"It's not the power that's the problem." Lilly answered.

"It's me. I've never been good with travelling by any method except walking." Holly added on.

Lilly looked at her watch. It was coming up to five o'clock. She knew her Mother would be home by around six and dinner would be at seven.

"We've got an hour until Mother gets here. Want a tour of the house?" Lilly asked Kara.

"Give me a minute for the world to stop spinning." Holly mumbled as she staggered out of the bedroom and down towards the west wing's bathroom.

"Weak stomach, weak bladder, weak body." Haley quietly said to herself. "It's always been that for her since then."

Kara heard what was said "sure I haven't really seen it all" Kara answered. When Holly wanted to go to the bathroom Kara wanted to go with her. A look of longing was in her eyes as she really wanted to watch Holly go pee.

A small sad look could be seen on her face for a few moments.

"So, what else happened that day on the mountain?" Kara asked out of the blue.

Lilly froze in her tracks when Kara asked about that day.

"A lot." Lilly answered. "But that's of no consequence at the moment."

Lilly didn't want Kara to know about her stupidity but she also didn't want Kara to be left in the dark about it either. Kara's already told her a lot about herself so could she do the same to her?

"If you really wanna know, promise me something." Lilly added on. "Promise me you wouldn't hate me or the girls."

Holly returned looking a little bit better.

"Did I walk in on something important?" She asked when she saw the dark look on Lilly's face.

Kara saw the dark look that came upon Lilly's face. "Why do you think I'm going to hate you or them?" Kara asked in a confused tone.

Seemed that Holly had returned to the room.

"I'm guessing you did" Kara answered before anyone else could reply.

"Holly needs to be here as well." Lilly stated as she turned back into the room. She went over to the guest bed and sat down on it. "I made some really stupid choices back then and I've accepted something I know I will regret. I'm bound to the contract now."

"Where did Haley leave off?" Lilly asked.

"Just as you found the fire ferret." Haley answered.

"Okay..."

"I had no idea what the ferret was back then. I didn't even know if it could help me or not. It appeared to be asleep in the broken tree. It looked like every other ferret you might see except it was made of white fire and it had a ruby embedded in it's forehead. I picked it up and tried to wake it up. I don't know why. I guess I was still in shock over what happened. The ferret woke up after a few pokes and looked at me.

"I knew it was no normal ferret and what it did next just clarified that further. It spoke to me. 'Their flame has been extinguished but it's not too late.' The ferret said to me. 'You can re-ignite it with my help.'

'How?' I asked it. 'How would I do that?'

'I can offer you power beyond your imaginings.' The ferret answered. 'But with this power comes a cost.'

'What cost? I'll do anything! Please! Let me save them! They're all I have.' I sobbed back to it.

'With the pact comes a price. Since I'm a fair spirit, I'll tell you the cost.'

"I wasn't surprised at my own stupidity back then but now..." Lilly continued.

"Here comes the bad bit.

'The cost is that you shall never procreate.' The ferret answered. I didn't know what that meant so I agreed to it.

'I don't care! Let me help them. I don't want my sisters to die. They're only babies still!' I answered.

'A clause of the contact also dictates that you owe me one favour. Any favour I wish and I can act upon it when I want.'

'Let me save them!'

'Hold me to your chest and take a deep breath.'

"I did as the ferret asked and I felt a warm fire wash over me. I now knew the ferret's name and just what it was."

Lilly readied herself for what she was about to do next. This part was the hardest of her past.

"How can you regert what you did?" Kara asked it not knowing the full truth of the matter as she. Then listened to Lilly tell the rest of her tale.

"You mean to tell me they nearly passed away?" Kara asked as she looked over at Haley and Holly.

She then listened to mroe of the tale and was confused of what sort of favour the ferret would want in return. This didn't sound like her own contract she had made in the past. She couldn't really remember it that well to begin with.

"What was it he wanted?" Kara asked.

"Actually, we did die." Haley answered. "Lilly revived us with her powers. It was a one time thing, though."

Lilly continued her story.

"The ferret was a fire demon called Chanki. He'd taken the form of a ferret to disguise his presence. He'd already escaped from his imprisonment in the ninth circle and he was being hunted."

Lilly took a deep breath and exhaled. The ferret appeared on her lap.

"This is Chanki." Lilly told Kara as she stroked the ferret.

"Any reason why you summoned me?" Chanki asked.

"Just showing you to a friend."

"Can she be trusted?"

"I suppose so."

After Chanki had climbed onto Lilly shoulder and wrapped his body around her neck, Lilly went on.

"Chanki had bestowed upon me some great powers. Back then, I thought I'd made the right choice. I used the powers he gave me to move aside the rubble which crushed the girls. I then stared upon their small bodies. They were lifeless, like little dolls. I couldn't hold back the tears."

Lilly, even now, was starting to tear up just telling Kara all of this.

"Chanki told me that, this once, my tears would have the powers of a phoenix. I held each of their small broken bodies in my arms and just cried. My tears seemed to have the effect I wanted. Soon enough, a warm fire enveloped them and they started to breath again. I could feel the small rise and falls of their little chests. Broken bones mended like they'd never been broken and all their wounds healed up. I didn't know it was only a partial cure back then.

"Once they were alive again, I wouldn't let them go. I didn't want to. I kept hold of them and hugged them tight. I didn't want to lose them again."

Lilly took another deep breath to hold back her tears.

"That's what happened." Lilly finished.

"The powers I gave her only allowed the girls to come back to life. It repaired their broken bodies as much as it could. But no resurrection is perfect." Chanki added. "Their bodies are now weak as a result."

Kara listened to the rest of what the story was. "I didn't know that" Kara said at first. As Lilly went on to tell the tale more.

She then saw as the ferret was summoned to the room. She then saw as Lilly started to cry as she wernt on. "What do you mean weak?" Kara asked as she wasn't really sure how to make of everything that was fully said.

She felt sorry for Lilly and the girl's she went over and gave Lilly a big hug. "Seems we have both been through quite a lot" Kara mentioned.

She let go over Lilly and sat back on the bed.

"Their broken bodies were practically pulverised by the landslide." Chanki explained. "Defying death can only happen to a certain extent. The definition of weak you are searching for is that their bodies are a lot more susceptible to illness and they'll never be as strong as they were."

Chanki could sense a presence coming from Kara.

"Who is your bound?" He asked her. "Can you summon them?"

"Oh, you mean who I'm bound to?" Kara asked. "I'm bound to Beltran" Kara answered at last. A small breeze began to blow around the room as a black raven appeared. He quickly flew around the room before sitting on Kara's arm.

"Why have you summoned me?" Beltran asked.

"I want you to meet someone this is Chanki" Kara told him.

Beltran looked over at Chanki.

"Great I should have known it was you"

"I've been quite peckish for roasted raven." Chanki replied to Beltran's distaste.

"We're not here to cook each other." Lilly told her bound animal.

"Pity."

"So, you've got pets? Do we have pets as well?" Haley asked.

"I'm not too sure." Holly concluded. "I don't think we're bound to anyone, are we?"

"Actually, you are." Chanki told the pair. "You're bound to me as well through Lilly."

Beltran had known Chanki for quite a long time as they had met each other several times in the past. "I'd like some sliced ferret" Beltran said as he then flew around the room again. He then settled on Kara's arm again.

"So what now?" Kara asked.

"Ferret's not a recognised dish where I come from. Honeyed Raven's tongues are available by the bagful, though." Chanki back-talked Beltran.

"So, you're a family ferret?" Haley asked as excitement lit her up.

"You could say that I suppose." Chanki answered.

"We could take a bath. I still need to properly clean up after our little bout earlier when you'd gone a little crazy." Lilly suggested. "We can use the huge bath downstairs."

Beltran ignored Chanki.

Kara blushed when Lilly mentioned a bath. "That can work" Kara said slowly as she wanted to see Lilly and then twins naked again. She played with the hem of her skirt and looked down at the floor.

"I hope she can touch me in a good way" Kara thought.

"If you're going near water then I think I should take a different form, if you still wish me to be out, that is." Chanki told Lilly.

"I don't mind. It's up to you. I only summoned you for something to fuss to prevent me from breaking down when telling Kara everything." Lilly admitted.

"A child at heart. Pity you'll never know that." Chanki hid his taunt behind kind words. Lilly didn't seem to pick up on it. She took the last end of his statement as meaning she's a defiant childish person.

Chanki disappeared in a small flame which went back into Lilly.

"So we've got a ferret yet you never told us?" Haley asked Lilly.

"He's not a ferret. He's something much more important than one." Holly sighed.

"He is too a ferret." Haley pouted.

Lilly got up off the guest bed and went towards the door to the room. The twins followed behind.

"I'll show you where the bath is." Lilly told Kara before she left the room.

Beltran and vanished from the room as he wasn't a fan of water. She followed behind Lilly and the others. As they left the room and went towards the bath.

"Oh, after I'll need some night clothes" Kara asked.

She reached out with both hands towards Haley and Holly as a means to hold their hands.

The twins went along with Kara's hand holding and followed along behind Lilly.

"It's still a little early for bed but I can sort something out for you. I think I've got some spares." Lilly answered.

The group arrived outside a large set of ornate double doors in the middle of the arch created by the staircases. Lilly push open one of the doors and headed inside.

The bath foyer was a large changing room fir for a public swimming pool. It had no changing cubicles but it had toilets and showers inside. One wall was full of little indents where small baskets filled. Lilly went along to the baskets first and started to undress.

"You can take a quick shower before you get into the bath if you want. You can also use the toilet if you need to." Lilly informed Kara.

Hand in hand with both the twins Kara gave their hands gentle squeezes. As she was led by Lilly to a large set of ornate double doors. "You can show me them after our bath" Kara says. As Lilly pushed in the door then walked inside she followed her in.

Kara looked around at what the room had to offer. Then saw as Lilly started to undress she wanted to rush over and help her. But stopped herself she let go of the twins hands then went over to one of the baskets and started to undress.

"I'll take a shower first then" Kara told Lilly as she soon finished undressing. She took a long look at Lilly she felt herself getting wet between her legs. As she stepped out of her panties she saw a tiny wet spot had formed in the crotch.

Taking a towel she wrapped it around herself. She looked back at everyone and was tempted to ask if anyone wanted to join her for a shower as well but thought against it and walked into one of the showers sadly. She turned on the warm water and took off the towel before stepping inside.

The twins followed after Lilly when Kara let go of their hands. Haley quickly threw of her clothes and didn't bother to fold them up before putting them in an empty basket. Holly, on the other hand, took off her clothes slowly and folded them up neatly before putting them in a basket. Once the pair had finished undressing, they noticed the sad aura around Kara and nudged Lilly gently.

"Should we keep her company? I think this has been a huge change for her so she may need some support." Holly quietly asked Lilly.

Lilly looked up and noticed Kara's sad pace as well. She took off the rest of her clothes and folded them up before putting them in a basket.

"We should." Lilly answered.

The trio headed off after Kara towards the showers and went inside a little after her.

"If you want some company all you have to do is ask." Lilly told Kara. "We're practically living together now, you know."

Kara was alone in the shower when she then heard Lilly's voice coming from a few feet from her. Turning she saw Lilly and the twins standing naked before her shower. She blushed and tried not to look but was unable to. "I had thought you guys might have wanted to bathe first then shower" Kara stammered out.

She looks at their naked bodies again. But then looks away "do you want to shower with me or alone?" Kara asked.

"Bathe first, shower first. What does it matter? We'll still get wet and then get even more wet." Haley answered as she sat next to Kara under the neighbouring shower head.

"Showering before a bath is actually more healthy than showering after a bath. That way, we'll get off most of the dirt before we get into the bath." Holly stated.

"If we're going to be living together, we should get used to seeing each other naked." Lilly told Kara with a blush. She couldn't help but want to look away from Kara's naked body but she fought against it.

The other girls took neighbouring showers as well. Lilly sat next to Kara and Holly sat next to Haley.

"As Haley's already started to shower with you, I think we should all shower together. It'll help with the nervous apprehension." Lilly replied.

Both of the girls started the showers and began the pre-bath wash.

She looked over and saw that Haley was sitting under the shower head next to her. "That does hexplain more stuff" Kara said as she then heard Holly speak. "Okay" Kara added. She looked down at Haley then looked away.

"I'll have to get used to that" Kara explained. She took a quick look at Holly's naked body. Then looked at Lilly again. Who sat next to her she blushed further then felt a slight wetness running down her leg.

"O...Ok" Kara stammered out.

Lilly could feel the gaze from Kara and her embarrassment increased. She really wanted to cover herself up but she knew that'll do her no good. Kara was living with her now so she had to get used to it otherwise she'll never set foot out of her room unless she covered everything up.

"Think of her as a sister and it'll be less embarrassing." Lilly told herself in her mind. She tried to do just that but it had the opposite effect. She couldn't help but start to think of lewd and inappropriate things she'd read before regarding incestuous relationships with sisters but as Kara was not legitimately her sister, did it really have the same restrictions? All this embarrassment just made Lilly want to relieve herself. She shifted around a little on the stool under the shower. The running water wasn't helping either. She had a rather erotic thought in her head where she hid her urinating by aiming the shower head at her girlhood while she did it.

Still feeling rather embarrassed she looked again at Lilly. She saw as she shifted around a little and Kara took this in hoping it was what she thought it was. She started to soap her arms and legs she kept looking over at Lilly.

She then brought the shower-head between her own legs. As a means to hide the what was running down her legs. "Um, I um" Kara said as a clear blush was on her cheeks and the water against her crotch really wasn't helping she moaned softly.

"You um what?" Haley asked as she rubbed some shampoo into her hair.

"Continue." Holly quietly answered as she washed the soap off her chest with the shower head.

"What's wrong?" Lilly asked Kara.

Lilly had a rough idea what might be going on when she saw the shower head by Kara's flower. Her blush returned as she pictured what she had earlier imagined herself doing.

"Y-you don't need to worry about that. It'll all go down the drain anyway." Lilly quickly answered as she went back to washing herself down.

"I.. it's nothing" Kara quickly said as everyone asked her what was wrong. She then heard what Lilly had said and really blushed.

"It's not that at all" Kara answered softly. The shower water against her flower felt wonderful as she moved the shower head away from her crotch. She used some soap to wash between her legs and looked down at the floor.

She shifted around in her seat as this was really getting to her but in a good way.

"Nothing is ever just nothing." Haley replied. "Something on your mind?"

While Haley continued to wash her hair, she relaxed and a slight splattering sound was heard against the tiled flooring of the shower room. Holly looked over at Haley and just shook her head.

"What's the point of installing toilets if they're never used?" Holly sighed.

"For cosmetic value. Peeing can be done anywhere in a shower room as there's drains all over the floor." Haley shrugged back.

"Guess so but it's still a little off." Holly answered. She then felt a chain reaction in her own bladder. She wanted to get up and go but she didn't want to traipse soap all over the floor and make it slippery. She took a deep breath and pushed for her bladder to let go. She felt warmth down in her flower before a slight stream was made. It trickled against the floor and joined Haley's in going down the drain.

"You do it too, see?" Haley grinned to Holly.

Seeing her sisters let go so easily made it even harder for Lilly. She wanted to do the same but she didn't know what Kara would think. She weighed up the pros and cons of holding or letting go in her head and decided that, if her sisters can do it, why can't she as well? She copied what Holly did and soon felt the warmth escape her own urethra. Her face was now bright red.

Kara heard the splattering sound and looked at Haley who was peeing beside her. She then heard it come from Holly a minute later. She was blushing badly not really sure how to take this all in it was only after she heard Lilly join in did Kara moan softly some how her hand and made it's way down to her crotch and she was lightly rubbing her flower as she heard all three girl's pee around her.

She looked down and saw what she was doing and quickly pulled her hand away. "I.. it I" Kara said slowly out she shifted around more now really turned on.

"Even Lilly's doing it as well." Haley continued to defend her case.

"We get the idea. People pee where they can." Holly cut Haley off. She knew she'd gloat over it some more if she didn't.

"It's just so hard to hold it when there's running water everywhere." Lilly told Haley with a blush.

At the corner of her eye, while she was talking to Haley, Lilly noticed that Kara's hand was down near her flower. Lilly watched intently as Kara continued to pleasure herself over the girls' relief. Lilly quickly turned her head away when Kara stopped rubbing herself. Lilly quickly put the shower head in front of her treasure and washed away any residue left from her release.

"I-I'll be getting in the bath now." Lilly announced as she turned the shower off and stood up.

She was still quiet and blushing like crazy did one of the girl's see her do what she did? She listened as both Haley and Lilly and even Holly talk about peeing. The itch between her legs had just returned again stronger than before.

"I.. I" Kara stammered.

She quickly took the showerhead and washing the slimy juices from her treasure and between her legs.When she heard Lilly say she was going to get into the bath Kara quickly got up and left the room in a little hurry. A small wet spot of clear girl juices were in the spot where Kara had just been sitting.

"I.. I did that in front of them" Kara said to herself. She was confused she knew the girl's knew she got off on other girl's peeing but to pleasure herself in front of them that was new.

"Too embarrassed to admit their feelings." Holly sighed to herself with a shake of her head. She could feel that the two loved each other a lot and she'd even read a fantasy of Lilly's off of her when she had her guard down. She knew it was shockingly obvious that they had intimate feelings for one another so she didn't know why they didn't just admit it.

"Kara's confused. She doesn't know who to go for." Haley answered.

"Well, unless she's into younger girls, she should go for Lilly." Holly said with a shrug.

Lilly arrived at the huge swimming pool sized bath and quickly walked down the steps into the hot water. She found a nice spot to sit, by the bubble pool, and lowered herself into the water.

"I can't believe she'll do that in front of everybody." Lilly said to herself. "I wish I was that brave. I can't even pee in front of my sisters let alone rub myself in the company of a friend. Kara's really brave so why can't she tell me the truth about everything. Maybe if she told me she loved me to my face I'd be able to do it back."

Lilly shook her head as she blushed bright red.

"What am I saying?! Girls can't love girls. It's wrong! Still, I wish it wasn't then maybe I could say it."

Kara arrived at the huge wimming pool sized bath a few moments after Lilly. She saw her sitting alone and slowly walked into the pool letting the warm water. Touch her skin she sat away from Lilly for a time trying to come to terms with her thoughts and emotions. There was things about Lilly that she knew where a secert she knew about the dream. Though she didn't know Lilly had heard everything she had done in the infirmary earlier with Haley.

She took a small look over at Lilly.

She blushed at the thought of what she had just done and what she remembered. Tightening her fists she got up and slowly made her way to Lilly.

"Um, Lilly I have a confession to make" Kara said.

She was really blushing now her face was bright red as a tomato.

"I.. I.. l..love you" Kara admited.

Lilly was thinking about her latest conversation with herself and all that she had witnessed when she saw Kara enter the bath. Lilly blushed bright red and tried to hide in the bubbles created by the pump near her. Lilly continued to watch Kara until she came up to her. What she said knocked Lilly for six.

"EH?!" Lilly asked as she stood up. "W-w-w-wha?!"

Lilly's face was matching Kara's at the moment. She didn't know what to do.

"This is so sudden I- wait- I don't know- um- what?- ah, It's just-" Lilly stammered out.

She had just admited that she had loved Lilly. Yet from hearing Lilly's answer part of her felt her heart break she had thought that maybe Lilly had felt the same way fro her. As she did for her but it wasn't like that it seemed.

"I'm sorry I just thought you might have felt the same way" Kara replied.

She turned away from Lilly sadly and moved back over to the other end of the swimming pool.

Seeing Kara turn away sadly gave Lilly a little confidence boost,

"It's just that- It's not like I don't like it but- um, ah, I-I I'm just a little unsure." Lilly called back to Kara.

"Stupid, stupid, STUPID!" Lilly scolded herself mentally. "She's just admitted that she feels the same way you do yet you just stammer like an idiot! Show some backbone!"

Kara heard what Lilly had said. But she didn't say anything back to her at the moment.

"I made a bad choice?" Kara thought.

Now she really didn't know what to do.

When Kara didn't reply, Lilly knew she'd done something stupid. She whined and sat back down again and sunk into the bubbles.

The twins had now come into the bath as well. It only took one look from Holly to know that Lilly was engrossed in self-loathing. She shook her head and took a seat in the bubble pool next to her.

"Stop punishing yourself. You can't change what's already happened." Holly told Lilly. "Next time, be brave."

"Easy for you to say." Lilly mumbled through the water.

Haley went over to sit near Kara.

"Lilly's shy." Haley said to Kara. "She's useless when it comes to social situations. She tends to get her words mixed up and forget what she wants to say. She doesn't mean any harm with it, she's just too shy to admit her true feelings."

Kara heard Haley's voice then looked over as she sat next to her. "But I told her how I truly felt towards her and thought she might have felt the same way I do" Kara told Haley. She felt sad at what she did and still wasn't sure on what to do.

Kara got up and walked back over to Lilly and saw that Holly was sitting next to her. "I don't know if you even feel how I do but I still love you Lilly" Kara admitted again, She wasn't sure of what else to say at the moment.

Lilly was about to cave in to her embarrassment and stammer like a fool again. She looked to her sisters for support but all they did was give her a look which said 'You're on your own now. Just tell her how you feel. You can do it!'.

"Well," Lilly started. "I'm still sorting out my own feelings so I can't really give a clear answer now. This isn't a rejection, it's just something to say give me a little more time." Lilly admitted. "I think you're a great friend and I want to do all I can to help you but I don't know if it's just friendship which is making me feel this way or something more intimate."

Kara listened to what Lilly had to say once again. She just wanted Lilly to truly admit how she really felt if she even had any feelings for her. Yet it seemed the Lilly still needed more time on the matter. "Okay I understand" Kara says as she turns away from Lilly and makes her way back over to where Haley sat.

"Maybe I shouldn't have said anything" Kara told Haley as she sat down.

When Kara walked away, Lilly re-submerged her face under the water and whined like a lost puppy.

"You did the right thing." Holly comforted her. "Love's a teenage thing and you're still a pre-teen. Kara'll understand."

"I still couldn't say it." Lilly's muffled voice came from under the water.

"She's shy." Haley repeated to Kara. "She's not just going to up and say 'Oh, hey, I love you too'. That's just not like her."

"You've already mentioned that" Kara told Haley she was still looking at Lilly. "Then how will I ever know if she has the same feelings for me as I do her?" Kara asked.

She looked over at Haley for a few moments then back over at Lilly,

"Isn't it obvious?" Haley asked Kara. "If she didn't love you then she wouldn't be acting this way. If she didn't love you then she would have declined you outright but she didn't so she loves you. She just needs a little more time to overcome her embarrassment. Think tomorrow night, when you get to sleep in her room. She'll probably get a little less embarrassed then and have sorted out her feelings too so she may admit it then."

She listened to what Haley had to say."I wasn't sure just thought she was being a good friend" Kara says. She looks across the pool over at Lilly who's nearly all underwater. "I hope so" Kara admitted as she used a faint amount of wind to caress Lilly's cheeks and then stopped. She then splashed some water over at Haley. "Water fight"

"She'll get there-" Haley started before she was splashed in the face by water. "No fair! Pre-emptive's aren't allowed!"

Haley splashed some water back at Kara before turning around to the other two.

"This means war! Splash her to oblivion!" Haley declared.

Lilly sighed before she pulled her face out of the water. She looked over at Holly, who just shrugged back.

"It'll keep her happy." Holly simply answered before the pair went over to her.

Kara felt the water splash onto her that Haley had sent back. "Hey, no fair it going to be three on one" Kara says. She sent a wave of water splashing back at Haley before turning towards Lilly and Holly.

She splashed water towards them.

Haley blocked the splash of water with her arms before returning a huge jet back to Kara.

"Three on one's fair. You can make wind after all!" Haley shot back.

"I don't really wanna get involved." Holly said with a sigh.

Lilly, acting the same way, secretly had a plan.

"Neither do I." Lilly answered.

She then quickly splashed both of the girls with water before moving over to Kara's side.

"Two on two now." Lilly told the pair.

"Mutiny!" Haley exclaimed. "I thought you were on our side!"

Kara tried to dive to the side to avoid the jet of water but failed and was soaked. "Am I using the wind now no" Kara stated as she used both arms to sent a big jet back at Haley.

"Holly why not?" Kara asked.

She then noticed Lilly had moved to her side.

"Now were even"

"Wrong choice, Lilly!" Holly scolded Lilly as she splashed her with a large jet of water. She wasn't really wanting to get involved but as Lilly had splashed her she wanted revenge.

"Thought you didn't want to get involved?" Lilly asked Holly before getting hit by the water. "Oh no you didn't!"

The girls continued splashing water at one another and Haley used some of her illusion magic to make copies of herself to increase her splashing power.

Kara returned by splashing water at both Haley and Holly. She later saw as Haley used her magic to make copies of herself. Soon both her and Lilly were out numbered. "Hey no fair" Kara stated as she used her wind magic.

To start sending bigger jets of water at Haley and her copies.

"We're not ones for losing." Holly answered.

"Once you awaken Haley's competitive side then there's no stopping her." Lilly informed Kara. "She'd likely pull every dirty trick she can to win."

The splash war continued.

"Yet you will lose" Kara countered.

She listened to what Lilly then said. "That won't work" Kara answered.

The splash war went on for a while longer and Kara was starting to get hungry. "I'm feeling rather hungry"

"Chickening out already?" Haley taunted. "Scared you'll lose?"

"It may be a misdirection. She could want us to put our guard down so she can splash us." Holly suggested.

"Fun's over." Lilly announced. "If we spend any more time in here we'll likely become lightheaded or wrinkly."

Lilly then started to head back towards the steps leading in to the bath.

Kara said nothing instead she used her wind magic to send the water under Haley. To splash the inside of her treasure, She then followed Lilly towards the steps and walked out of the pool. "You guys win" She told the twins before taking the towel and drying herself off.

She walked back into the changing room and changed back into her clothes.

Haley pouted and grumbled as she followed behind Lilly and Kara. Holly just shrugged and then followed along.

Outside the bath, Lilly dried herself off before heading back into the changing rooms. A fresh batch of clothes was placed in the hamper she'd put her school clothes in. The same happened with the twins' clothes. After changing, Lilly went towards the changing rooms doors.

"Mother's back now. We need to keep you under wraps. Head up to the twins' room and stay there. I'll bring some food up in a minute." Lilly instructed Kara.

"Okay then I'll see you then" Kara said. As she left the twins and Lilly and headed back to their room. Once inside she closed the door behind her then a rather weird thought went through her mind.

As she paced around the room she started to then go searching through. Haley and Holly's closet and drawers, "I wonder what their really like?" Kara said to herself. As she raiding the twins panty drawer in their closet. She didn't move or touch anything just wondering if they were hiding anything.

After several minutes of searching she went back and sat on her bed.

What Kara found in the underwear drawers were what to be expected in them. Children's underwear. Panties, socks and vests. They were surprisingly unremarkable. Plain panties, striped panties, polka-dot panties, checked panties, silk panties, cashmere panties, character panties, animal panties, heart panties, the works. The vests were mostly matching the panties where possible and the socks were as well.

After a quick visit to their Mother's office, the girls called upon a maid to fetch some snacks from the storage cupboard in the kitchen. She was a little surprised when they said 'enough for four' but she didn't ask questions. Maids didn't need to know that. She complied with their request and brought back a variety of snacks. The girls thanked the maid and headed back up into the twins' room.

She remembered what she had seen in their underwear drawers. It was just the normal everyday types of stuff. She was a little disappointed that they had nothing to hide. Plus Kara didn't want to mess around looking through a bit more or touching anything. She wondered if Lilly had anything to hide in her own room.

But pushed the thought aside for another night. She just remained sitting on the bed.

Upon arrival, the girls noticed that the twins' wardrobe door was a little ajar. Lilly thought that they just hadn't shut it properly yet the twins thought differently. Correction, Haley thought differently. She thought that Kara had gone looking through their stuff. After the small speculation, the girls headed into the room.

"We've brought snacks." Lilly announced when she walked in. "Crisps, biscuits and cakes."

Haley grinned and sat next to Kara on the bed.

"Lilly's got more stuff in hers." She whispered to Kara. She knew she'd understand what she meant.

It seemed that she had been caught in the act yet neither of them. Said anything to her about it yet she watched as the three entered the room. "Think you" Kara told them then it seemed Haley sat next to her.

She blushed a little at what Haley said it seemed she knew what she had done. "Like what?" Kara whispered back before taking a bag of crisps.

Lilly set the snack plate down on the small coffee table in the middle of the room and knelt down on a cushion near it. Holly followed along and knelt on the cushion opposite Lilly.

"We've got a small drinks cabinet in this room. It's full of fizzy drinks though." Holly told Kara.

"Lot's of things. Interesting things." Haley replied. "Check it out."

"Thank you again" Kara told both girls. "Where in the room are they located?" Kara asked. She then listened to Haley again.

"You mean like now or later?" Kara asked quietly.

"Over there." Holly answered as she indicated a small chiller by a work desk. "Got lots of fizzy things but not much else. Haley calls it her 'work fuel'."

"Later. When we're all having dinner you're free to roam the upstairs." Haley replied. "Back of the walk-in wardrobe. That's where they are."

Kara got up and followed Holly to a small chiller by the work desk. She reached down and then opened it and took out one of the drinks before closing it. She walked back and sat on the bed next to Haley.

"Anything else other than that?" Kara asked her heart beating faster,

"There's her swimsuit collection and some more...personal items as well but I'll keep them a secret. You'll love them when you see them." Haley whispered back with a huge grin on her face.

Holly was wondering why Haley decided to pass up hoarding the snacks to sit next to Kara. She found out why when she saw Haley's huge grin. She must be plotting something rather devious.

"Haley's acting a little strange." Holly whispered to Lilly. "She seems to be talking about something with Kara and looking rather pleased with herself about it."

"I don't know what it is but I'm not liking it one bit." Lilly whispered back as a shiver ran down her spine.

"I've already seen some of her swimsuits" Kara answered yet when Haley mentioned something about personal items she wondered what they were.

She went back to eating her own snack. She saw that Holly and Lilly were whispering to each other. "Seems they know something" Kara whispered to Haley.

"Does it matter?" Haley asked with a shrug. "Holly's hard to trick so she's bound to find out."

Lilly still felt a little uncomfortable about what Kara and Haley were discussing. She knew it must be about her but she didn't know what it was. She continued eating her snacks while occasionally shooting glances at Haley.

"A little yes" Kara replied. "But you know she'll ruin everything"

Still eating her snacks she looked back at Lilly and waved. Before taking a drink of her drink once again.

"Holly's no threat. She'll give us a stern talking to but nothing more." Haley answered. "She's not going to spoil our fun."

Lilly wondered why Kara waved to her when they were no more than a few feet apart. She nodded her head a little as she continued watching. After a few more seconds, she went back to eating.

Kara decided to have a little fun with Holly and used her wind magic to tickle her feet, "How do you truly know that?" Kara asked as she looked over at Holly.

She saw as Lilly nodded then smiled and burped on accident before looking back at Haley.

The wind would have had an effect had Holly had ticklish feet but that wasn't her sweet spot for tickling.

"Because I've done something before and she hasn't told on me yet." Haley answered. "She's trustworthy. You can easily buy her with fudge. Treat her to some clotted cream vanilla fudge and you're safe for half a year."

She stopped using the wind of Holly then moved it for a second to Lilly's feet.

"Then I'll keep an eye out for this fudge, oh want to try and enter Holly's dreams tonight?" Kara asked. Remembering that it had been mentioned by Haley once before but they never acted upon it.

The wind had a little more effect on Lilly but it was still ultimately useless. All Lilly did in response was move her feet a little.

"Guess we could. Though, she'll likely catch on pretty soon." Haley answered. "We can give it a go but I doubt we'll be able to do much."

She stopped using the wind on Lilly.

"We could always enter Li.." Kara's voice trailed off as she blushed red. She shook her head to rid herself of it. "No that won't work" Kara thought.

"Ok"

Snack time finished and it was now going on for around quarter to six. Lilly knew that dinner wasn't to far off.

"We've got dinner soon so don't eat too much." She reminded the twins.

"I've always got room for sweets." Haley answered. "Normal food goes in a different stomach."

"Don't worry. I know." Holly replied.

Lilly turned to Kara.

"Do you want me to bring some up for you as well?" She asked.

She finished up her snack and had a couple others. Before snack time finished it seemed that dinner was happening soon.

"Yes, please" Kara replied.

She knew what she wanted to do and hoped she could get away with it.

"Okay. I'll ask a maid to set a plate aside for you." Lilly replied. "Got any preference for a drink to go with it?"

"I want Shandy." Haley cut in.

"Lilly didn't ask you, you know." Holly answered curtly.

The twins had already set off for the door.

"Gotta pee." Haley told Lilly. "Holly's in need as well. She's just too embarrassed to ask."

Holly whined as she moved around. How did Haley know she needed the toilet? She'd not shown any signs before as far as she was concerned. She'd hidden it quite well. Could twin telepathy actually exist?

"I'll have a Shandy" Kara replied not really knowing what it was,

She saw the twins head for the door. Before they mentioned they needed to pee, She watched as Holly moved around and her gaze was fixed on Holly's rear. She was clearly blushing again as the feelings from the bathroom returned.

"Um, ah" Kara muttered.

"You do know that-" Lilly started before she was interrupted by Holly patting her on the back.

"U-um, I don't think Kara should have it." Holly quietly said to Lilly. Her clothes made a slight rustling sound as she pushed in on her crotch.

"Go pee. You'll hurt yourself if you don't." Lilly answered. "I'll make sure that Kara's Shandy is more lemonade than larger."

Holly nodded and then went back to join Haley. The pair left the room. Lilly and Kara were now alone.

Kara didn't really hear what Lilly or Holly had said. She was still just watching Holly dance around she heard the rustling sound then saw as Holly pressed against her crotch.

Her blushing got deeper as she watched Holly do the pee dance before her. But when they left the room she cried out. "No" Kara said to herself,

"No?" Lilly asked. "No what?"

Lilly was quite surprised that Kara had raised some form of objection against something.

"What's there to 'no' about?" She questioned.

Kara's train of thought was brought back to the here and now. "It's nothing" Kara quickly said, As she was still blushing and crying on the inside.

"I said it was nothing" Kara replied, She really wished Holly was still here as she wanted to see her have an accident.

"If you say so." Lilly answered with a shrug. She knew it was more than just nothing but she didn't want to ask further.

After a few minutes, the twins returned.

"You really need to tell us when you need to pee. You very nearly peed your pants." Haley told Holly was they walked in.

"It's just..." Holly started. "It's just that it's embarrassing with Kara here. She likes pee, doesn't she?"

"Yup. That's true. If you keep this up you will pee yourself. Kara's staying here now, remember? She's also sleeping in our room."

The twins had returned and that didn't help matters as they were talking about pee again.

"Um, I it's ah" Kara muttered she looked at Holly and then Haley. She laid down on her bed and turned away from them.

She was having those bad feelings again.

"But I didn't pee myself this time." Holly replied.

"But you leaked a lot. I saw the wet patch on your panties." Haley answered.

Holly had no answer. She just blushed and sat down on Lilly's lap. She then looked up to her and used her best puppy dog eyes to get Lilly's sympathy.

"Haley's being mean to me." Holly told Lilly. "She says I'll wet myself."

Lilly felt the wet patch on Holly's panties against her leg. She also felt the tingling itch return to her own girlhood.

"W-well. I know you've got a large wet patch on you panties. I think you should change out of them before they cause some irritation." Lilly suggested to Holly with a blush. "Aside from that, you really should tell us when you need to pee. I don't want you wetting yourself or hurting yourself from neglecting it."

Haley had mentioned that Holly had leaked alot which caused Kara to shake in excitement, She was still looking away from everyone. "Please do it" Kara whispered quietly to only herself, She really wanted to see Holly wet herself now.

Yet with all this talk of pee Kara reached down and was rubbing her mound again, She was using her right hand and couldn't be seen doing it because she was laying on her side.

"Keep them on I want to see them" Kara thought as she whimpered again.

"Sorry." Holly quietly apologised with a sad look on her face.

"Don't feel bad. I'm not scolding you, I'm just worried about you." Lilly answered.

Holly got up off Lilly's lap and went into her walk-in wardrobe to pick out some clean panties. After a few moments, she came back in to the room.

"We've still got a little while before dinner." Haley told the group. "Let's play a game! I wanna play Rummy. Bets won't be money but they'll be something else. No holds barred, anything's allowed. Who's interested?"

Kara was still lightly rubbing herself as she didn't hear what Haley had to offer. As she was still in her own little world.

She pictured herself and Holly alone in the room. She watched as Holly and rubbing her crotch with both hands and doing the pee dance before her once again. Kara in her dream had walked over to Holly and pulled her hands away from her crotch.

"This won't work I'll help you" Kara said aloud.

"No." Holly and Lilly answered simultaneously.

"Two to one and votes are still on. Last one counts. If Kara wants to do it then we will. If she doesn't then we won't." Haley answered quickly. She then went over to Kara and tried to get her attention.

"Hey, Kara, wanna play Rummy? Bets can be anything." Haley asked as she shook Kara.

Kara suddenly seemed to be pulled back into reality as she felt Holly shake her awake, "Oh, ah yeah sure" Kara answered.

She got up off the bed and moved her hand away from herself. Her panties were damp and she looked at Holly and blushed.

"Kara's for it, we're doing it!" Haley told the others. "I'll get the cards."

Haley ran to the desk and opened a drawer. She produced a pack of playing cards and went back to the table. She opened the carton and took the cards out.

"Come down here." She told Kara. "Know how to play?"

Kara got off the bed and went over to the table and sat down. "I've played it before but it's been along time" Kara told them.

She then thought about what sort of bets would be offered. "Can we start betting now or wait until we get out hands?" Kara asked.

"Want a refresher?" Haley asked Kara as she shuffled the deck.

"I'd rather we get our hands first before we bet." Lilly cut in.

"Y-yeah. Me too." Holly replied.

Haley dealt the cards to each player. Haley placed the spares in a face down pile. She then decide on turn order.

"Me, Holly, Lilly and then Kara." Haley told the group. "Place your bets."

"Don;t you need like four sets of cards all in the same suit or something?" Kara asked. She was then dealt seven cards and looked at her hand she had spades, clubs, diamonds and hearts in her hand, she had a queen, ten and two of hearts in her hand but nothing else that would help.

She then thought about her bet. "I bet that Holly has to not go pee for the rest of the evening" Kara says,

"All you need to win are seven cards in ascending order. You can only have seven in your hand at a time and you must either pass up your turn or draw a card from the draw pile and place a card in you hand in the discard pile. Players can take the latest card to be discarded as their own if they want to but the hand must never exceed seven cards." Haley explained. "When you get ascending cards, the first player to shout 'Rummy' and show their winning cards, wins."

"Ehhhh?" Holly whined. She wasn't looking forward to Kara winning now.

"I bet that the losers can't go pee without the winner's permission." Haley said.

"I bet a nice ice cream treat for the winner." Lilly added in to the pot. "At the loser's expense."

"I bet that the losers have to go commando for a whole day." Holly added in.

"Bets placed, game starts." Haley announced.

Haley's hand had A,4,2,5,8,9,K in. She took out the King and placed it in the discard pile. She then drew a card and got a Queen. Her hand was now: A,2,4,5,8,9,Q

Holly's hand was pretty good. She had: 4,5,6,7,8,J,Q. Holly took the discarded King and placed the 4 into the discard pile. Her hand was now: 5,6,7,8,J,Q,K.

Lilly had a poor hand. Her's was all over the place: 2,2,4,5,3,3,7. She drew a card from the deck and put down a spare 2. The card she drew screwed up her hand even more. It was a King. Leaving her hand at: 2,3,3,4,5,7,K

Kara listened to what Haley had to say.

Kara still had a 2,10,Q but she also had a A, 3,8,9 the other four cards weren't helping her. Kara looked at the discard pile and took the 4 of heats and added it to her hand she then discarded a 3 into the pile. Her hand was now A,2,4,8,9,10,Q she just needed three more cards,

Haley quickly picked up the discarded 3 and put down her Queen. Her hand was now: A,2,3,4,5,8,9. She just had to get rid of the 8 and the 9 and she'll win with a 6 and a 7.

Holly decided to hold this turn.

"Hold." She announced.

"You'll be doing that soon." Haley taunted. Holly knew she must be close to winning due to her arrogance. Holly, on the other hand, kept calm and cool despite her good hand.

Lilly picked up the discarded Queen and put down one of her duplicate 3's. Her hand was now 2,3,4,5,7,Q,K. She'd still got quite the mix but at least she had a chance now.

Kara was still looking at her hand. She reached down and picked up the 3 that Lilly had put down it was one she needed. She now had five of the cards and needed two more she thought about which one to discard. Kara put down the 9 into the pile. Her hand was now A,2,3,4,8,10,Q

Haley picked a card out of the deck. It was another 9. Haley grumbled in frustration and placed it on the discard pile. Her hand was still A,2,3,4,5,8,9,

Holly picked up the discarded 9 and placed her King into the discard pile. Her hand was now 5,6,7,8,9,J,Q. She only needed one more card. She kept her face straight despite her growing confidence in her hand.

Lilly was still thinking about what would be the best course of action. She eventually decided to draw a card from the deck. It was a 10. She discarded her 2 and kept the 10. her hand was now 3,4,5,7,10,Q,K. She still had a long way to go yet she kept up her drive.

"Best two out of three?" She suggested. "Two bets are better than one." Lilly hoped they'll take up this offer as she didn't want to lose.

Kara had heard what Lilly had said, "Okay I bet if both twins lose they have to sleep with me in my bed tonight" Kara said,

She still needed just two more cards in her hand and was she didn't know weather to draw a card. or take one from the discard pile. She went with drawing a card it was a J that she needed, She now had to discard a card and picked the A from her hand and placed it in the pile.

Kara's hand was now 2,3,4,8,10,J,Q.

"Both rounds of bets come into play if you lose. Even if you lose one game, you still have to go with the bets from it." Haley explained. "More fun that way if we've got a lot at stake."

Ignoring the discarded Ace, Haley drew another card from the deck. It was a 6! Haley kept this card as a large smile appeared on her face. She took her 9 and put it in the discard pile. Her hand was now A,2,3,4,5,6,8. She only needed one more card! A 7!

Holly noticed Haley's lack of a poker face and decided to play along with her. She picked a card out of the deck. It was another 6. She put the card in the discard pile. Her hand was still 5,6,7,8,9,J,Q.

Lilly picked up the discarded 6 and put her King down. Her hand was now 3,4,5,6,7,10,Q. She needed two more cards. An 8 and a 2 or an 8 and a 9.

"We'll place out bets next game." Haley told Kara.

Kara needed one more card she saw the large smile on Haley's face and knew she was close to winning like she was. She looked around at the other two girls and wondered about their hands. She hoped that it wasn't true with them being close to wininng as well.

She then saw the discarded K she the took a card from the deck it was another A she then got rid of her 8 Kara's hand was now A,2,3,4,10,J,Q

Haley, wanting to win really badly, drew a card from the deck. It was a 10. She sighed and grumpily put the card in the discard pile. Her hand was still A,2,3,4,5,6,8.

Holly let a smile cross her face as she drew the 10 from the discard pile and placed the Queen in her hand down.

"Rummy." She casually called out. She then placed her hand on the table. It was a Rummy. She had a 5,6,7,8,9,10,J.

"Lucky." Lilly sighed as she showed her hand.

"Damn it!" Haley angrily huffed as she threw her hand on the table.

It seemed that Holly had won the game and had gotten Rummy first, "Shit" Kara swore as she placed her hand down in the discard pile. She had really wanted to win and now was at Holly's mercy as was everyone else,

"I guess I'll start then" Kara said, She left the other alone for a moment and walked into. The twins walk-in closet she reached under her skirt and pulled down her panties. Then stepping out of them she walked back into the room with them in hand,

"I didn't say it had to be today when you go commando. What's the point of the bet if it won't last long?" Holly informed Kara. "I was more thinking it'll come into activation tomorrow when we're all at school."

"Devious and effective. Now I know that we're twins." Haley commented with a large smile.

"Haley's becoming a bad influence on you." Lilly said with a shake of her head.

"Second round of bets in! I bet that the losers have to not pee tomorrow until 8pm at night." Haley placed down. "You won't even get to pee in the morning. I've got eyes and ears all around school so don't think you can get out of it that way."

Lilly stared in shock at Haley. She definitely didn't want her to win.

"I bet that the winner gets treated to all snacks and lunch for the rest of the week at the expense of the losers." Lilly added into the betting ring.

"I bet that the losers have to bend to the winner's every demand for the rest of the week." Holly placed down.

"Kara's already bet so we'll start the game." Haley announced as she shuffled the cards. "We'll be going in reverse order now, starting with Kara, then Lilly, then Holly and them me last."

Haley dealt seven cards to each competitor and the game began.

Kara stepped back into her panties after what Holly had said. She then heard what Haley's bet was she wasn't a big fan of it but seeing some hope in seeing Holly and Lilly wet themselves. Made her feel happy she then listened to what the others were and then was dealt her hand.

Kara's had was 3,5,7,8,9,Q,K it seem she had two cards already the Q and K she. Drew a card it as a 7 another card she needed for now she then placed the other 7 she no longer needed into the discard pile. Her hand was the same as before.

Lilly's hand this time was a little better than before. She had: A,3,5,6,9,Q,K. She at least had some chance this time. She discarded her King and took the 7 instead, making her hand A,3,5,6,7,9,Q.

Holly's hand was as good as ever. She seemed to be getting lucky. She nearly had a Rummy right now with 2,3,4,5,6,9,10. She took a card from the deck. The card was an Ace! She discarded her 10 and put the Ace into her hand, making it A,2,3,4,5,6,9. She only needed a 7 and she's won.

Haley, on the other hand, wasn't doing so well. She'd been hit by the junk deck. Her hand was atrocious at 3,6,6,8,10,10,K. Haley drew a card from the deck. It was an Ace. She discarded the duplicate 6 and took the Ace.

Kara looked at her hand then at the cards in the discard pile nothing she needed there. So she drew a card it was a 2 something which she didn't really need but decided to keep around. She then went on to discard her 5 which now made her hand 2,3,7,8,9,Q,K. Seemed things weren't going for her all that well at the moment.

She wasn't really sure how the other were doing either.

Lilly didn't need the five so she just took a card from the deck. It was a 3. She didn't need it so she discarded it. Her hand was still A,3,5,6,7,9,Q.

Holly, not needing a 3, took a card from the deck. It was a 2. Feeling a little let down by the deck, she discarded it. Her hand was still A,2,3,4,5,6,9.

Haley, without any second thoughts, took the two and discarded a duplicate 10, leaving her hand now at A,2,3,6,8,10,K.

Kara took the 10 from the discard pile seeing as it was one she needed. Then looking at her hand she needed to decide which to get rid of. She took the 8 and placed it in the discard pile. Her hand was now 2.3.7,9,10,Q,K she only needed three more cards and she would win the game.

Lilly took the discarded 8 and discarded her Queen instead. Her hand was now A,3,5,6,7,8,9. She'd only need either two or three cards dependant on her luck.

Holly, wanting to win again, took a card from the deck. Sadly, it wasn't one she needed. It was a 4. She discarded the 4, which made her hand stay at A,2,3,4,5,6,9. Come on lucky 7!

Haley, feeling happy about her turn of luck, took the discarded 4 and placed her King in the pile instead. Her hand was now A,2,3,4,6,8,10.

She still only needed three cards to win the game reaching down Kara drew a card. It was the J that she needed looking at her cards she took the 2 and discarded it into the pile. Her hand was now 3,7,9,10,J,Q,K she just needed a right number 9 and the right kind of 8.

"How about we triple this bet here?" Kara asked.

"Why'd we do that?" Holly asked. "isn't two doses of loss enough for you?"

"I'm with Holly on this one. Tripling it would just be pointless." Lilly added in.

"I seriously don't see how tripling it would help." Haley replied.

All three girls just thought that Kara was trying to get some sort of kick out of another perverted bet.

Lilly took the discarded 2 and put her 9 down. Her hand was now A,2,3,5,6,7,8. She only needed one more card now and that was a 4. She showed no signs of being close but on the inside she was loving her luck at the moment.

Holly ignored the discarded card and drew one from the deck. It was a Queen. She discarded it with a sigh. Her hand was still A,2,3,4,5,6,9.

Haley didn't need a Queen so she drew a card from the deck. It was a Jack. She placed it on the discard pile in a huff, which left her hand at A,2,3,4,6,8,10.

"I had thought it would make the game more interesting" Kara told the group.

Kara looked at her hand she only needed one more card to win the game. She then looked over at the card pile and then the deck. Reaching over she drew a card it was an 8 putting it in her hand she then discarded the 3. "Rummy" Kara said as she placed her hand down upon the table smiling.

"Figures." Holly sighed as she placed her near complete hand on the table.

"Guess we're sleeping with you tonight." Haley said as she put her hand down.

"I wanted free lunches." Lilly groaned as she placed her hand down. "Don't do anything funny to them, okay?"

The game still had one round left on it. If either Lilly or Haley won this round then there'll be a tie-breaker round between the three victors. Haley collected in the cards and shuffled the deck again.

"Place bets." She said monotonously. "I'm sticking to my previous bet. I bet that the losers have to not pee tomorrow until 8pm at night."

"That's no fun." Holly replied. "I bet that the losers have to kiss the winner on the lips."

"Haley really is getting to you, isn't she?" Lilly asked Holly based on her latest bet. "I bet that the losers have to sleep naked tonight."

"Turn order's back to normal. After Kara's bet, I'll deal up the cards and start the round." Haley finished.

Kara looked back at Lilly. "I promise that I won't" Kara told her before she went back and looked at both twins, "I guess so" Kara said.

"I bet that the losers have to wet themselves at least once this week" Kara told the group.

"You and your love for pee." Holly groaned. She shook her head in disgust.

"No." Lilly answered. "We're not going to let you win now."

Lilly didn't like the idea and neither did Holly. They shared a glance at each other and nodded.

"Duo on her?" Holly sent to Lilly through telepathy.

"You know it." Lilly sent back.

Haley, after shuffling the deck, dealt out the cards for each player and the game began.

Haley had a rather good hand to begin with. She had 2,2,4,5,8,9,J. She took a card from the deck, which turned out to be an Ace. She discarded a duplicate 2, leaving her hand at A,2,4,5,8,9,J.

Holly's hand was nearly a complete Rummy. She had A,2,3,4,5,8,10. She took a card from the deck, which was a Jack. She discarded the Jack and kept her hand the same.

Lilly's hand was junk again. She had 3,3,3,7,10,Q,K. Holly's discard at least allowed her to get a partial ascending order going. She took the Jack and discarded a 3. Using her free hand, Lilly secretly did some gestures to indicate that she was not close to winning to Holly. Holly motioned back that she was nearing a Rummy and only needed two cards.

"Your such a stick in the mud Holly" Kara told her, she then looked over at Lilly. "Why not you'd love to wet yourself" Kara told her.

Haley then dealt out the cards and she looked at her hand, Her hand was A,3,5,6,7,J.K seems she nearly had a Rummy of her own she only needed two cards and she'd win again, She then drew a card which was another K she didn't need this and put it in the discard pile.

"No we won't." Lilly answered for both parties involved.

Haley drew another card from the deck. This one was a 10. She discarded her Jack and took the 10. Her hand was now A,2,4,5,8,9,10.

Holly drew a card from the deck. This one was a 6! She took the 6 and discarded her 10. Her hand was now A,2,3,4,5,6,8. She only needed a 7 again. She signalled to Lilly that she was now one card off a Rummy.

Lilly drew a card from the. This one was a 5. She discarded another 3 and kept the 5. This left her hand at 3,5,7,10,J,Q,K. She signalled to Holly that she was getting closer to winning but was still far off. She also signalled to ask which card Holly was missing.

Kara was busy looking at her hand but before it was her turn. She saw they Lilly was doing some hand signals. She wondered just what that was all about she then looked over at Holly who seemed to be sitting like normal. Kara then reached out for next card she picked up a 4 which meant she only needed one more card.

Kara then discarded her K and her hand now was A,3.4.5.6.7.J. She also decided to keep and eye on Lilly to see if she did what she did again.

Haley drew a card from the deck as she didn't need the discarded one. It was a 3. She kept the 3 and discarded her 10. This left her hand at A,2,3,4,5,8,9.

Holly noticed how Kara's stare seemed to stay on Lilly.

"Head's up, Kara's on to us. We'll talk like this now." Holly sent to Lilly through telepathy.

"Damn. Was hoping she wouldn't catch on. What card do you need?" Lilly sent back.

"I need a 7 and I've won."

Holly drew a card from the deck. This card was another 6. She discarded the 6 and kept her hand at A,2,3,4,5,6,8.

Lilly took the 6 and discarded her King. This left her hand at 3,5,6,7,10,J,Q. Dependent on her luck, she only needed around 2 cards for one Rummy and around three cards for another chance at winning.

Her gaze was still fixed on Lilly who didn't seem to be making anymore of the hand signals. She then looked over at Holly who remained normal. Lastly her gaze moved to Haley and she tapped her with her hand. "I think Lilly's doing something strange but I can't tell what it is" Kara told her in a whisper.

Kara then picked up another A which she didn't need and placed it in the pile. She still had the same hand as before.

"Lilly's always strange." Haley answered simply. "She's probably a little ticked about your bet so she may be plotting with Holly to stop you from winning. If I were you, I'd not do anything about it otherwise you could make them both quite mad at you."

Haley drew a card from the deck and was quite happy with her result as it was a 6. It was just what she needed. She put the card in her hand and discarded her 9. Her hand was now A,2,3,4,5,6,8.

Holly planned her next move carefully.

"What cards do you need?" She sent to Lilly.

"An 8 would help a lot." Lilly sent back.

Holly drew a card from the beck. The card turned out to be another 5. She kept the five and discarded her 8. She didn't need the five but Lilly needed the 8. Her hand was now A,2,3,4,5,5,6.

"Thanks." Lilly sent back to Holly.

"Let's win this. I not a fan of your bet but it's better than having to pee myself for Kara's sick amusement." Holly sent back. She kind of hated Kara for her bet.

"I really want you to win as you have the most sane bet of us all. A kiss is a kiss. I'm not big on Kara's bet and I'm kind of ticked off at it as well."

Lilly took Holly's discarded 8 and put down her 3. Her hand was now 5,6,7,8,10,J,Q.

Kara listened to what Haley had said to her. "So what their cheating together at the moment" Kara said. She looked at both girls then shook her head. Plus it also seemed that Haley had said not to do anything at the moment. But Kara wasn't a fan of cheating just to win a game to avoid a stupid bet.

Still with the same hand as before she then picked up a Q that she didn't need but kept it and got rid of her 7. So her hand was now A,3.4.5.6.J.Q

Holly was watching the game very closely and gasped to herself when she saw Kara set down a seven. She needed a seven and she wanted it to win and not have to wet herself or go without going to the toilet for the rest of tomorrow. She used some magic to secretly reshuffle the deck. She took the first card out of the top of the deck and swapped it with the seven placed down. Thankfully, it wasn't another seven. She then secretly swapped the top seven with the card beneath it. Haley was too caught up staring at her own deck to know this.

After a long hard look at her deck, Haley looked down at the discard pile. The card on top was another Jack. She didn't need it so she drew a card from the deck. The card she picked was another 5. She groaned and put it on the discard pile. Her hand was now still A,2,3,4,5,6,8.

Holly, knowing that she'll win again, quickly took the 7 from the top of the deck and put it in her hand after discarding the 5. She was about to call out Rummy when she noticed that the supposed '7' which she was supposed to draw actually turned out to be a Joker. She whined when she thought about the potential chance of elimination rules being in play. Drawing a Joker will mean that the player's lost this round and she didn't want that. However, another small glimmer of hope came to her. If elimination rules weren't in play then wild card rules could be. If wild card rules were in play then Holly would have won as the Joker would act as the 7 she needed for her Rummy.

"I might have won but, then again, I might have lost." Holly sent to Lilly.

"I don't quite follow. What do you mean?" Lilly sent back.

"You'll find out in a minute."

Lilly, giving up on understanding Holly's cryptic statement, drew a card from the deck. It was a 9! She needed a 9 for a potential Rummy. She discarded her 5 and placed the 9 in her hand. Her hand was now 6,7,8,9,10,J,Q. She had a Rummy! She could win! But, so could Holly. She held back on announcing her win while Holly was still unsure.

"Um, Haley," Holly started. "Are elimination rules in play or are Wild card rules in instead?"

"Neither. "Haley answered simply. "We're not playing seriously so neither are in play."

"Oh, okay."

Holly was no closer to winning than she was before. The Joker in her hand was just junk now that neither rules were in play.

Knowing that both Lilly and Holly were cheating just to win the game and now that. It was her turn once again Kara didn't draw any cards instead she put her entire hand into the discard pile. "I give up" Kara stated.

She stood up from the table and looked at both girls. "I know what your both doing so feel free to keep doing it. But I won't have any part of this anymore" Kara told them. She then walked away from the table and went over and sat down on her bed.

"Plus seeing as how my current bet is now void since I quit the game it doesn't matter anymore" She said. Then laid down and turned the other way.

"Then I take it you don't want to sleep naked with the girls then." Lilly answered as she showed her Rummy to the players still in game. "I've got a Rummy right here."

Haley looked at the cards and sighed.

"Lilly's won this round." Haley said. "Elimination round?"

"No point if Kara's acting a little spoilt." Holly answered, hoping to incite Kara back to her normal self. "Despite the fact that she may win this round."

"I didn't say that" Kara said as she turned over. Then saw Lilly's hand from far across the room. "You only got that hand because Holly helped you" Kara told her.

She then heard something about an elimination round. "How do I truly know that?" Kara asked as she got up off the bed and walked back the table and sat down. "Maybe Haley will win this around, but most likely it will be you Holly or Lilly here because you two will cheat again" Kara stated.

"I only gave her one card. The rest she got by pure luck." Holly answered back to Kara.

"You don't. That's what makes this game fun." Lilly replied. "Haley's out as she's not won yet so it's just you, Holly and I playing. We only bent the rules because of the ludicrous bet you made. Holly would never want to do something like that voluntarily and I wouldn't want to see Holly subjected to some form of torture so we kind of pushed aside our own wants for winning and went with the best bet between us."

Kara turned to Holly and listened to what was said. "I highly doubt that" Kara told her before she looked over at Lilly.

"It was still a rather cheap move" Kara replied. As she had just fully heard what Lilly had said about what they had done. "But how do I know this won't happen again?" Kara asked. She waited for the cards to be dealt and knew deep down that both girls would cheat again.

"Games like this are about taking chances and not knowing the results." Lilly answered. "We don't know whether the other players would do some form of rule bending while playing. Our added powers make it even more of a test of wits. You all know that I can read minds and Holly can see through any form of deceit. You can also read minds, can't you?"

Lilly's explanation sounded pretty solid to her.

"Haley could have cheated at any given time with her illusion powers. She could have made a complete Rummy any time during play through clever manipulation of our minds. Yet, I don't think she was clever enough to do that." Holly added to Lilly's explanation.

"Damn it!" Haley exclaimed. "I should've done that!"

"Anyway, shouldn't we bet before we play?" Holly suggested. "I'll shuffle the cards this time and Haley can keep watch for any cheating."

Holly went about shuffling the cards.

Kara listened to what Lilly had just said. "Yes I can, but I don't go using that all the time since you know that backlash normally makes me need to pee" Kara said with a blush. "It should just be a fun game where everyone plays like normal" Kara added.

"I guess we all can bet now" Kara replied as she tried to think of something to bet it took her a while. As she watched Holly shuffle the cards before they would be dealt.

"I bet the losers have to wear an outfit picked out by the winner tomorrow" Kara told them.

Expecting another weird bet from Kara, both Lilly and Holly were surprised when it turned out to be a relatively normal bet. The word being relatively. Both girls couldn't help but feel that Kara had ulterior motives hidden under her seemingly normal bet.

"I bet that the losers have to give the winner a big hug." Holly placed down.

"I bet that the losers have to spend time alone with the winner at the winner's call." Lilly added in to the betting ring.

"Bets placed. Game starts." Holly announced as she dealt out the hands. "Turn order starts with Kara and ends with me."

The cards were dealt and she looked at the hand she had been give Kara's hand was 2,3,6,9,10,J,K. She had four cards and only needed three more for a Rummy. Reaching over she picked up a card it was a 2 which she placed into the discard pile.

"I'd like to let you know that my bet if I win will only take place in the afternoon since. We have to wear our school uniforms tomorrow to" Kara told them.

"I kinda expected that for the same reasons of my own bet." Holly replied.

Lilly's hand wasn't that bad. She had 4,5,7,8,10,J,Q. This meant she nearly had a full Rummy. She looked at the discarded 2 and debated whether it'll be worth picking up but thought against it when she noticed that it'll make her further away from a Rummy. She drew a card from the deck, which turned out to be a King. She discarded her 4 and put the King in her hand. Her hand was now 5,7,8,10,J,Q,K.

Holly's hand wasn't so bad. She had A,3,4,5,7,8,10, Not needing another 4, Holly drew a card from the deck. The card she drew actually turned out to be more helpful than she thought as it was a 2. She discarded her 10 and put the 2 in her hand, which made her hand A,2,3,4,5,7,8.

"Your bet could always take place in the morning?" Kara asked.

She looked at her hand it was still the same as before. She looked at the discarded 10 and knew she didn't need the card reaching over she picked up another card. This one was a Q which meant she only needed. Two more cards and she would have a Rummy. She discarded her 2 again and now her hand was 3,6,9,10,J,Q,K

"I never said it won't. I just said that it's down to the same reason.' Holly answered.

Lilly didn't need a 2 so she took a card from the deck. The card she picked turned out to be a 4. A 4 could help but it wasn't really what Lilly needed so she discarded it. Her hand was still 5,7,8,10,J,Q,K.

Holly didn't need the 4. She only needed a 6 and she would have won again. She took a card from the deck in hopes of it being a 6. She turned it over in her hand and saw that it was an 8. She discarded the 8 as she didn't need it. Her hand was still A,2,3,4,5,7,8.

With the same hand as before Kara looked over at the discard pile and took the 8. She now only needed a 7 and she could win she then discarded her 3 into the pile. And her current hand was 6,8,9,10,J,Q,K.

"Okay then"

Lilly didn't need a 3 so she drew a card from the deck. The card she picked up was another King. She discarded the king and kept her hand the same, leaving it at 5,7,8,10,J,Q,K.

Holly didn't need a king, she only needed a 6. She was so close to winning she could almost feel the warmth of all the hugs she'll get. She drew a card from the deck and willed it to be a 6 but, sadly, it was a Queen. She discarded the Queen and kept her hand the same, which left it at A,2,3,4,5,7,8.

Kara saw as Holly put a card down in the discard pile it was a Q. She didn't a Q and then looked over to the deck she reached out and drew a card it was a A. Another card that she didn't need so she placed it in the discard pile. Kara still hand the same hand as before.

Lilly only needed a 9 and she'd have won. With great expectations for her own victory, Lilly drew a card from the deck. She didn't dare looking at it until it was in her hand. She slowly turned the card around and couldn't help but let out a delighted gasp. It was a 9! She quickly discarded her 5 and called out the words she'd wanted to say.

"Rummy!" Lilly called out in joy as she showed the competing group her hand.

Haley looked over the cards as she was the moderator for this game.

"Clear Rummy. Lilly wins." Haley announced.

Holly let out a sigh of defeat as she placed her near complete hand down on the table.

"Congrats on your victory." Holly said to Lilly.

It seemed that Lilly had won the game. She was a little disappointed as she wished she could have won.

"Congrats" Kara said quietly to Lilly as she placed her hand into the discard pile.

Part of her felt happy that she'd be with Lilly alone but another wasn't really happy since Holly. Would be there and she wanted this time alone with Lilly to be special.

"Starting tomorrow evening, I'd like to see Kara first, then Holly and then Haley." Lilly announced. "Each of you has to come alone with snacks and drinks. I'll spend around half an hour with each person. What we do in that time is dependent on what each of us is willing to do."

"Run through of the bets: " Haley started. "Based on Holly's bet, tomorrow, everyone except Holly has to spend the whole day commando. Kara's bet dictates that Holly and I have to sleep in her bed tonight and Lilly's bet means that everyone except Lilly has to sleep naked."

"P-please take good care of me." Holly stuttered to Kara with a blush.

"The naked bet will be a little hard as Haley can't control her pee while she sleeps." Lilly cut in. "I think we could move the mattress protector from her bed to the guest bed and put down some towels or something to prevent most of the damage."

Kara listened first to what Lilly had said. "Is there any sort of snacks or drinks that you want us to bring or doesn't matter?" Kara asked.

She then looked over at Haley. "Um," Kara was about to say something but decided to keep. Her mouth shut she turned her gaze to Holly. "I will don't worry" Kara told her and patted her head.

"I guess we should do that now since it's almost time for you guys to have dinner" Kara spoke up.

*013*2014-07-16 17:24

Here's the next chapter of the story.

Chapter 11: The Search

"Just make sure they're sweet and tasty." Lilly answered. "It'll be like a little private picnic but with less food."

Looking at the time, the trio only had around 10 minutes before dinner.

"We'd better hurry. We've only got 10 minutes after all." Holly informed the group.

"Then let's do it!" Haley said as she started to strip down her bed. "It won't take that long with the four of us."

"So, when ere with you we can do whatever we wish?" Kara asked. As she started to help Haley strip down her bed.

"Is there anything I can do as I wait for you guys to finish dinner?" Kara also asked.

"Within reason, yes." Lilly answered. "We can't do everything everything but we can do quite a lot of things."

Haley's bed was stripped and the mattress protector was removed. The group then carried it over to the guest bed and started to strip that down as well.

"Maybe you could tidy the twins wardrobe, if you want to that is?" Lilly suggested. "Holly's side is really organised but Haley's is the exact opposite. I'd do it but I've never had the time and, no matter how many times I've told her, Haley just doesn't listen. The Maids aren't allowed in our wardrobes so we've gotta keep them clean by ourselves."

"Well, what ever we do I', sure it will be fun" Kara mentioned. As they started to strip down her bed and put the mattress protector upon it.

"I'm sure, come either later tonight or tomorrow it'll just be messed up again" Kara replied. She then looked over at Haley "so why don;t you listen and keep your side tidy?" Kara asked her. Wishing the girl's would leave so she could go search through Lilly's room.

"Why tidy it up if it's only going to get messy again?" Haley answered Kara's question with one of her own.

"In truth, she's just too lazy to do it." Holly properly answered Kara.

Once the bed had the protector on it and was fully made again, the trio went towards the door to the room.

"We've gotta go now. If you want something later, just press the buzzer by the door and a Maid will answer. Don't worry, they won't tell Mother about your lodgings." Lilly explained to Kara. She indicated a small buzzer by the side of the door handle. The buzzer itself was around stomach height for Lilly, which was around head height for the twins. After the explanation, they went downstairs for dinner and left Kara alone in the twins' room.

"Well, you do have a point but it is also nice to tidy stuff up so it's easier to find stuff" Kara told her. Before she looked over at Holly and heard what was said to her.

Her gaze went over to Lilly, She listened and nodded as Lilly had told her what to do. If she had wanted some food later. They all soon left leaving her alone in the twins room. Not knowing just how long she'd be alone she sat upon the bed for a couple of minutes. Before getting up and walking to the door. She opened it and looked outside to see if anyone was there no one was.

Leaving the twins room Kara made her way to Lilly's room. Which after a few moments she came to and walked inside. The first thing Kara did was make a beeline for Lilly's walk-in closet where she remembered Haley had told her something of Lilly had hidden there was. So once inside she started to search through Lilly's clothes.

As the trio went downstairs into the dining room, a cold feelings rushed down Lilly's spine. She shivered a little at this.

"Something wrong?" Holly asked Lilly.

"It's just that I've got a feeling I'm being violated somehow." Lilly answered.

What Kara found was clothes, clothes and more clothes. It was a wardrobe after all so what else would she find?

All Kara found was more clothes and clothes. She then remembered that Haley had told her that the interesting things Lilly had hidden were in the back of her closet. So, that's where she started to search, She spotted some shorts,skirts, shirts and other various clothes. Kara also saw a couple of other swim suits that Lilly owned.

Kara didn't know what she would find so she she decided to search the entire length of the back of Lilly's walk-in closet.

The trio arrived in the dining room and sat down for dinner. They'll be gone for around an hour and a half.

Most of Lilly's clothes were pretty normal and basic. Some had interesting designs on but, overall, they were unremarkable. The swimsuits, on the other hand, were more interesting. Kara could search through the whole collection if she wanted to as the others were gone for quite a length of time. At the back of the walk-in wardrobe, Kara could find an array of clothes which Lilly would be too embarrassed to show her if she searched. Where will she start her search?

The left hand side of the room where Lilly kept all her old clothes which still fit her. Kara could find some things here?

The middle of the room next to the changing cubicles inside Lilly's underwear drawers. Kara might find some interesting things here?

The right hand side of the room where Lilly kept all her swimwear. Not as revealing but Kara might be interested?

Kara was still busy searching through Lilly's clothes. The first place she decided to search was the middle of the room. Where she found after opening the drawers to be Lilly's underear drawers. She looked through these a tiny bit. Before she moved over to the left side of the room and started there hoping to maybe find something that Lilly liked to wear.

In the underwear drawers, Kara found just that. Underwear. Vests, panties and socks. Some panties had animal designs on like raccoons or turtles. Others had things like cat silhouettes and one pair even had a beagle sleeping on the roof of a dog house on. The vests normally matched the panties and so did the socks. The quick search yielded these designs: Animal Prints, Stripes, Polka dots, flowers, plain and some branded pairs as well.

At the left hand side of the room, Kara found Lilly's childish side. The old clothes were pretty much all types of clothing which were just rather small and childish. It appeared that Lilly could still fit into aged 8-9 clothes. She was a little on the short side after all. Even her sisters could fit into these clothes as well. They were more like hand-me-downs than new clothes. The common patterns on these clothes turned out to be cat themed with love hearts thrown in as well.

Kara didn't really find anything of interest in Lilly's underwear draw or through her own clothes. She decided to give up in defeat and headed back to thw twins room. She had closed Lilly's underwear drawers since she didn't move anything inside them then closed the doors to the walk-in closet and went back to her room for the night.

Once there she sat down on the bed.

Dinner was silent as always with only general conversation going on between Lilly and the twins. Their Mother appeared to be absent from the table as she said she'll eat in her study. Lilly didn't like what she thought might be going on. Retaliation, perhaps?

Marie had already sent her story to the tabloids with the heading: 'Ravenclaw head partakes in seedy relationship with Sera head. Drugs involved? Sera head shocked by actions of Ravenclaw 'sex bomb'.'

The story itself stated that Kale had drugged Marie into allowing him to partake in vile acts of carnal desires with her. Tabloids aren't going to check for drug traces. They only want the next lie on the streets to milk for a lot of money. She hoped that this will be a huge 'F You!' to the Ravenclaw family.

Kara went about sitting on the bed she felt bored. Part of her still wanted to search through Lilly's things but she decided against it. She laid down and thought over everything that had recently gone on this day for her. She had been cast out of her home and was now here. "I don't know anymore" Kara said to herself.

She just lay down on the bed.

After dinner, the group made their way back to the twins' room to rejoin Kara.

"We're back!" Haley announced as she ran into the room towards Kara. "Find anything you like?" She whispered to Kara.

"We've got a while before lights out so what should we do?" Lilly asked Kara.

Kara heard what Haley had said. "I didn't find anything" Kara whispered sadly to Haley. Before she looked over at Lilly.

"I'm not really sure, I'd ask for a tour of the house but I may be seen by someone" Kara replies.

"Search harder next time!" Haley quietly scolded Kara. "There's a whole side of Lilly you don't even know!"

"Yeah. We're pretty much stuck in this room then." Lilly sighed. "We could move over to my room if you want a change of atmosphere."

"Then you show me them" Kara quietly replied back.

"Sure why not I'd like to see it" Kara said.

"Where's the fun in that? Discovery is only great when it is done alone." Haley replied with a mischievous grin. "How about tonight, when they're both in bed, we go searching?"

"It's nothing special but I guess you might find it good." Lilly answered as she left the room. "You know where it is?" She asked as she went towards her own room. Holly followed on behind and motioned for Haley to do the same.

"Follow us, we'll get you there." Holly told Kara.

The group soon arrived at Lilly's room.

"I don;t know" Kara just replied at first as she looked at Haley, "We can do that but wouldn't Holly know something is up?" Kara asked.

"Yeah, I know where it is you showed me it earlier" Kara told her. She got up off the bed and took Haley's hand and started to walk after Holly.

"Holly's a heavy sleeper so she won't wake up easily." Haley told Kara as they arrived at Lilly's room.

"Here it is. My room. Make yourself at home but don't wreck anything." Lilly said to Kara when she entered. "My room's a little smaller than the twins' room but it's got more stuff in."

Lilly's room also had a large table in the middle of it like the twins' room except this one appeared to have a bowl of sweets in the middle of it. There were a variety of sweet treats in the bowl ranging from assorted liquorice to midget gems. A small fridge rested under a work desk.

"There's sweets on the table, don't eat them all, and drinks in the fridge." Lilly informed Kara.

Kara looked around Lilly's room as she entered into it. She spotted a small table with a bowl upon it followed by a small fridge near the work desk, "Nice place here" Kara said,

"I'm not really in the mood for sweets at the moment" Kara said as she took a seat on Lilly's soft bed.

"If you're not going to eat them then I will." Haley said as she took a huge handful of assorted sweets.

"Insatiable as always." Holly sighed as she took a Strawberry liquorice pencil.

"It's not much but it serves its purpose. I'd rather it had a lot more snazzy stuff in like a sauna or bubble pool but I think that;s asking too much. I've also got a en suite bathroom as well. It's the door on the right wall." Lilly continued. "There's not really that much to do in here, sadly."

"Don't eat to much as you don't want a stomach ache before bed" Kara told Haley. She then went and looked at Lilly.

"I'm sure you have done rather interesting things in their" Kara told Lilly with a wink.

"Sweets are different." Haley answered. "Sugar's digested quickly as we use it almost all the time."

"You can't come between Haley and sweets." Holly told Kara with a shake of her head.

Lilly blushed at Kara's comment to her.

"L-like what?" She asked. She knew she'd done some things in there but she'd rather not have Kara know. Her body language probably betrayed her words.

"I'm sure that's why your always hyper all the time?" Kara asked to Haley as she got up. Then went over and padded her upon the head. She looked over at Holly next "I guess you are right about that and all"

"Maybe peed in there like in the shower or bath maybe even pleasured yourself in there those types of things" Kara told Lilly.

"Me? Hyper? Really?" Haley asked Kara, not quite knowing what she meant.

"Haley's eaten so many sweets that the sugar doesn't affect her any more." Holly informed Kara. "Me, on the other hand, if I eat too many sweets, I can't sleep."

Lilly's blush intensified at Kara's remark.

"Y-yeah. Doesn't everyone pee in the shower sometimes?" Lilly answered. She refused to comment on the last half of Kara's question.

"Yeah, that's what I mean" Kara replied to Haley as she then turned back to Holly. And listened to just what was said. "I'm not one for seeing that sweetie" Kara added.

She looked back at Lilly who was blushing deeper.

"Yeah, we all do I wonder though did you ever think of me when you did it or took the shower head between your legs?" Kara asked.

Lilly refused to reply to Kara now. Instead, she just let out a quite whine and looked down at the floor. She had taken the shower head between her legs before but she'd never done it thinking of Kara. She wondered just how it would feel. Would it make her climax easier? Would she climax more or less?

"Lilly's an open book if you ask the right questions." Holly sighed as she finally realised what Kara was trying to do.

Kara clearly enjoyed Lilly's whine she looked at her and only smiled. "I get it you did do that" Kara said happily she then thought of what else to ask of Lilly. "What about wearing your favourite set of panties and wetting them in the shower?" Kara asked.

She then looked back at Holly. "I get that yet would you rather me ask you these questions?" Kara asked.

"I'd never wet myself on purpose! Just what are you insinuating?!" Lilly shot back to Kara. "You may like seeing people peeing but it's not everyone's cup of tea, you know?"

"Nope." Holly rapidly answered. "Questions to me are forbidden by proxy."

Kara was clearly surpirsed by Lilly's outburst. "Just forget about sorry" Kara replied. She ignored the last part of what Lilly had said to her.

"Fine then I won't say anymore it's getting late I'm going to sleep" Kara told them all. She got up and walked out of the room and headed back to the twins room.

"Guess you don't wanna bathe with us before bed then?" Haley shouted after Kara.

"She's in a strop because she couldn't see Lilly wet herself." Holly assumed.

"I hate being questioned." Lilly angrily said to herself.

Lilly started to undress to get ready for her bath. Once she was naked, she went into her en-suite and took a towel to wrap around herself so she can easily go for her bath.

"You two best do the same while Kara's here." Lilly told her sisters. "I'm not sure what she'll do if she sees you naked while walking around the house."

Kara heard what Haley had said but didn't say anything in return. She just walked to their room and like the bet wanted started to undress herself. Until she was naked and then climbed into bed she pulled the covers over herself and looked up at the ceciling of the twins room. She laid there for a short time.

Kara closed her eyes and tried to fall asleep.

The trio went to take their evening bath and soon finished up. The time was now going on for ten to eleven. The twins were up a whole after after their bedtime but Lilly excused this as today had been a little hectic. She bid her sisters goodnight and went into her own room to sleep.

The twins, in their room, knew they had bets to stick by. Haley wasn't too bothered about sleeping naked but Holly was a little more reluctant. She knew she had to abide by the bet but she wasn't too keen on it at all. They agreed to have Haley sleep closest to Kara and for Holly to sleep next to Haley away from Kara. She didn't trust her after the weird bets from earlier. Once they were both naked and waiting, Haley dived into bed first and snuggled up next to the supposedly sleeping Kara. Holly climbed in a little while after and snuggled close to Haley. It'd been a long while since she'd slept in the same bed with anyone and Holly liked the feel of another person next to her.

Kara had finally fallen asleep just a short while before the twins had returned. Then climbed into bed with her she was awoken when she felt Haley dive onto the bed. She opened her eyes and blushed at seeing both girl's naked forms. Yet she would have liked Holly next to her instead but as Haley snuggled up to her Kara put her hands around her and pulled her closer in a sort of cuddle.

"Thank you" Kara whispered to Haley and she held onto her small body.

"So you are awake." Haley smiled back. "I've not slept with another person in bed with me since I was three years old. Before that, I slept with Holly. I like sleeping with another person. It surely beats hugging toys all night."

"I'm not liking how close we are to one another." Holly quietly said. "If Haley does have a night-time accident then we'll all get soaked."

"It's kinda cold anyway so it'll at least warm us up for a short while." Haley replied casually.

"You woke me up" Kara replied with a smile. She pulled Haley a little tighter against her. "Then we should do this more often" Kara added she then heard Holly speak up,

"Then go sleep in your own bed as I cancel the bet with you though Haley is welcome here" Kara told Holly.

"Holly sometimes your a spoil sport"

"I'll pee all over you if we did." Haley answered with a frown.

"I may not like it but I'm bound by the bet now." Holly told Kara. "I can't just back out of it now that I'm naked and already in bed with you. Plus, I've gotta make up for my earlier antics in the game. I didn't want to have to pee myself for your pleasure so I bent the rules a little."

"You'd be wearing protection but it doesn't matter" Kara replied.

She listened to what else Holly had to say.

"I told you the bet was void and you didn't have to do this" Kara replied. She then got out of bed herself. "Fine you can sleep with Haley I'm sick of your attitude as of late" Kara told her. She got dressed again. Then walked over to one of the windows and opened it. Letting the wind touch her face she jumped outside and flew away.

"Meh, so much for wanting to sleep with us." Holly shrugged. "Shall we just give up and go to our own beds?"

"I would but my protector's on this bed." Haley answered. "Plus, I can't be asked to get up."

"If you say so."

Holly nudged Haley a little further into the bed and placed an arm around her.

"Let's sleep together since we haven't done it in years." Holly suggested.

"Fine by me." Haley replied as she turned towards Holly and hugged her as well.

Kara truly was sick of Holly's attitude as of late she was always whining or complaining about how she acted. That it was driving her crazy so as she flew through the air she needed to find a place to stay for the night. Looking fown at the city below Kara spotted a roof top not far from where she was.

Flying down to it she landed upon it and walked over to the heating ducks. Laid down and tried to get some sleep.

Considering the silence in the room and the shared heat of each girl's bodies, Holly and Haley fell asleep in no time. While they slept, their left hands joined as the snuggled close to one another. It truly was a heart-warming sight to see the two girls so close to one another.

In Lilly's room, Lilly was busy doing something rather unusual. She appeared to be curled up into a ball and quietly panting and moaning to herself. The covers over her seemed to be moving as well in patterns which did not match her body's movements one bit.

Kara was shivering in the cold as she wrapped both arms around herself to try and stay warm. The warmth of the heating duck helped some but it wasn't enough. She could always return to the twins room but she was sick of Holly and her whining nature.

The twins were sleeping soundly, oblivious to what their half sister was doing in the room next to theirs.

Lilly's moans increased in intensity and volume as she continued doing what she was doing. She was still relatively quite but she could be heard in absolute silence. Her right hand appeared to be under the covers and her left was on her chest. Correction, it was under her nightwear and on her chest. Her nightshirt was moving a little as well. All of a sudden, Lilly's movements appeared to stop and he curled up even further into a ball. Her body was shaking and with one convulsion, she let out a loud moan of sheer pleasure. She then lay on her bed panting really fast. Her movements had stopped and a small wet patch could be seen on the covers near her crotch.

Kara woke up a few minutes later she couldn't sleep. As she was feelig very cold getting up she flew back to the Sera home and flew through the open window of the twins room. Taking off her clothes and closing the window. She walked past the sleeping girls and left them alone she didn't want to be near Holly at the moment so headed towards Lilly's room. Making sure not to make any noise the quietly opened the door and walked inside.

Once inside she tip-toed to Lilly's bed it seemed the Lilly was breathing heavily for a reason which Kara didn't know about. Being extra careful not to wake Lilly up she slowly crawled into her bed and lay next to her and tired to fall asleep.

Holly appeared to stir a little as Kara crossed through the room but she still remained asleep.

Due to the exhaustion from her climax, Lilly fell asleep quite quickly. She was still breathing a little heavily but it soon slowed down. As soon as Kara got into the bed, Lilly turned over and her left arm rested on Kara's chest. Her right hand was still under the covers.

Before Kara fell asleep she felt Lilly's hand fall upon her chest. She blushed at this and felt the warmth of Lilly's arm. "I wish you would just tell me your feelings" Kara thought. As she closed her eyes and fell asleep.

The night went along relatively peacefully and the twins were the first to wake up. Surprisingly, the bed was a lot wetter than it should be and there appeared to be two large wet patches on the protector.

"Chain reaction." Haley shrugged. "I peed and then you peed."

"We're not sleeping together again until you've got yourself sorted out." Holly angrily told Haley.

Lilly was still fast asleep and wasn't likely to wake up until someone got her up.

Kara was still asleep as had rolled onto her side in her sleep and seemed to be cuddling with Lilly. She was the first to wake up when she felt a small wetness near her legs. Upon the sheets not knowing what it was Kara crawled out of bed slowly. Then pulled back the covers just enough she saw a faint wetness upon the sheets and Lilly's nightgown.

"What's up with that?" Kara thought as she covered Lilly back up and left her room and headed towards the twins room.

"Let's get cleaned up." Holly told Haley.

"Wait a second." Haley replied. She pulled back the top sheets of the bed and sat there for a little while. Soon, she appeared to be relieving herself on her sodden bed.

"What're you doing?!" Holly asked in surprise.

"Couldn't hold it any more."

Kara arrived in the twins room moments later. She looked at them and listened as they talked "having fun are we?" she asked Haley she seemed to be ignoring Holly for the time being. She went over and started to dress herself in her school uniform for the day and remembered to leave herself bare below.

Holly could tell that Kara was ignoring her so she gave as good as she got.

"Didn't wanna get the floor wet. I knew that if I moved I'd leak." Haley answered. Once she had finished, she went into the bathroom and took her shower with Holly. Around 10 minutes later, they returned into their room and got dressed. Haley didn't care that she wasn't going to wear any underwear today. She was actually quite happy.

"We'd better go an wake Lilly up." Holly told Haley.

The pair left the room and headed over to Lilly's room.

"Should have used Holly's bed instead" Kara replied. "But I guess it's to late" Kara added as she waited for the pair.

Soon they returned and Kara followed behind them to Lilly's room.

"That's mean." Haley answered. "Holly wouldn't like it."

When they reached Lilly's room, Holly went inside first. She shook Lilly awake and kissed her on the forehead.

"Time to get up. We've got school." Holly told Lilly, who appeared to be waking up.

"Sleepy..." Lilly mumbled. She sat up and moved around a bit when she felt the wetness on the covers under her. She then looked down and, through her sleep haze, saw her right hand inside her panties right in front of Holly.

"Fun night?" Haley asked with a smile.

"Hmm" Kara replied as Haley's comment. Kara stood near the door of Lilly's room and watched as Holly woke her up.

"Seems that way" Kara added.

Over on the road of the Ravenclaw reisdence several news vans were racing up the road towards the main house. One of them pulled up to a stop and a pair of news casters got out of the van and set up for a live broadcast.

"This is Juni Amber and we are live at Ravenclaw manor where it appears that Kale Ravenclaw had drugged Marie Sera into sleeping with him we will try and get a word in with him" She replied. And walked up to the door and knocked on it. Several others arrived at the main doors and started banging on it.

Holly didn't know where to look. She didn't want to see this yet she couldn't look away for some reason.

Now that she was partially awake, Lilly now knew what had happened. She yelped in surprise and pulled her covers over her again.

"Knock first!" She quickly scolded Holly.

"We did. You were asleep." Haley cut in. "Had an itch?" She asked in response to Lilly's evasiveness over her hand in her panties.

"N-no!" Lilly quickly answered. "Out! Out!"

Haley took Holly by the arm and dragged the traumatised girl out of Lilly's room.

"Liitle bitch" Kara thought as she saw Holly looking at Lilly who was embarrassed about having her hand in her panties. She turned away and walked out of the room leaving Lilly alone.

Kale heard the pounding on his door and went to answer it. As he opened the door he was greeted by an on rushing horde of news reportors who started asking him loads of questions about if it was true about he drugging Marie to have sex with her. Kale was clearly confused by this then slowly started to picture this together.

"That fucking bitch!"

Once they were out, Lilly quickly pulled herself together. She knew that she'd 'had some fun' last night but she wasn't expecting Holly to wake her up.

"I've probably scarred her for life." Lilly groaned as she got out of her bed. She'd already removed her hand from her panties. Her hand was covered in the viscous fluid from her climax. She then felt the rest come out to soak her panties. Her hand had blocked the rest from coming and, now that it was removed, the blockage was gone.

Lilly quickly took off her sodden panties and went into her shower. She didn't bother to use the toilet as she'll go while she's showering. She couldn't be bothered with formality at the moment. After her shower and morning release, she cleaned herself up, dried herself off and got ready for breakfast. She put on her school uniform and was about to put on a pair of panties when she remembered last night's games. She groaned and left herself bare under her skirt.

Afterwards, she left her room and went down for breakfast.

Kara was waiting in the twins room since she didn't want to go down for breakfast since she would be seen.

The questions kept coming at Kale who was feeling totally betrayed she should have known. This was going to happen but fell right into Marie trap. He slammed the door in their faces and went to his office. His image would very soon be ruined along with his family name. He needed revenage and knew how to get it. He had several powerful friends within the city who he had been working with these past days to come up with a plan for Marie's downfall.

He dailed the phone and called one of them up. "Activate plan A" Kale told the person on the other end.

What Kale's plan for Marie was that she would be framed for taking bribes for several of the cities top business men and women. Along with taking in shipments of guns and ammo that Kale had stock piled in a truck in one of his warehouses. He was late on the draw but in a matter of time Marie's image would be ruinned.

"Breezy." Lilly shivered as she went down the stairs with the twins.

"You get used to it. The breeze becomes nice." Haley smiled back.

"I'm nice and warm." Holly taunted. She'd put on a pair of rainbow striped panties that morning. She quickly showed these to her sisters to taunt them.

"Bets are bets." Haley shrugged. "Could've been worse. At least I can pee when I want outside now and so can Lilly."

Lilly just blushed and ignored Haley's comment. They arrived in the dining room and ate their breakfast. Once they were done, they went back upstairs to the twin's room, where they hoped to find Kara, which they did.

"Mother's out on business so we can go now." Lilly told Kara.

"Breezy." Lilly shivered as she went down the stairs with the twins.

"You get used to it. The breeze becomes nice." Haley smiled back.

"I'm nice and warm." Holly taunted. She'd put on a pair of rainbow striped panties that morning. She quickly showed these to her sisters to taunt them.

"Bets are bets." Haley shrugged. "Could've been worse. At least I can pee when I want outside now and so can Lilly."

Lilly just blushed and ignored Haley's comment. They arrived in the dining room and ate their breakfast. Once they were done, they went back upstairs to the twin's room, where they hoped to find Kara, which they did.

"Mother's out on business so we can go now." Lilly told Kara.

Everyone arrived and she was told that their mother was out on business. Kara got up with them and joined them all she walked beside Haley. While still ignoring Holly she didn't say much to Lilly thought either.

"Ok" Kara spoke up.

Meanwhile Kale plan of revenge was going into effect it seemed that news vans and the police were all heading towards Sera Finance. They all pulled up in front of the large building. The cops started to seal off the area as the news reporters got out of their vans and ran towards the enterance.

"Quiet, aren't you?" Lilly asked Kara as they made their way towards the door. "Something happen last night?"

The group left the house and began walking to their school as they won't be getting a lift today.

"What lessons do we have today?" Lilly questioned Kara. "Do we have anything similar?"

"Ask Holly" Kara replied when Lilly asked that she was quiet for a reason. They all left the house and headed for their school.

"We have our normal lessons followed by a few other lessons together basically just more about elemental magic and it's history" Kara repiled.

With the cops blocking the road to Sera Finance several of them went inside the building. They headed to the top floor where Marie was located as they had a warrent out for her arrest. The news groups followed after them.

Lilly looked over at Holly.

"Nothing important. I just didn't sleep next to her last night and she's not too happy about it." Holly explained.

"I know I've got accounting first and I think I've got P.E after that." Lilly tried to recall her timetable.

Marie had just seen a recent broadcast relating to her framing and knew that Kale would make his move next. She wasn't, however, expecting him to do it so soon. She was a little surprised when the police came busting into her office.

"So, he makes his move. What's he accused me of?" Marie asked the officers calmly.

"That's because you were whining about it like a baby" Kara shot at her. She had finally decided to say something to Holly. "Ever since yesterday and those bets I've made you've been complaining about everything I do and I'm sick of it" Kara snapped.

"Marie Sera you are here by under arrest for taking bribes and engaging in illegal arms dealings" One of the police said. While two other went to Marie and grabbed both her arms and placed her in handcuffs.

"You know, I could get you done for sexual harassment with those kinds of things." Holly replied calmly. "I've always been told that peeing myself is bad so I always opt against it. I don't like it one bit."

"I'm not too keen on it either." Lilly admitted. "That's why I cheated last night. I just won't be able to bear seeing Holly like that."

"I believe you're forgetting something, officers." Marie answered. "Each computer in this network notes and copies each order we make into permanent documents. It's the basics of accounting to know what's happening with what. You're free to check through the logs of incoming and outgoing deals if you wish.

"So their she goes being a high and mighty bitch you so full of yourself" Kara explained. She left the group alone and walked off at a angry pace.

One of the officers walked over to the computer at her desk and started searching through the files. Sure enough their was several listings of momeny being added into several different accounts. Along with a recent shipment that arrived just last night. Containing all the guns and ammo.

"It's all right here on this computer"

"Leave her to it." Holly glared at Kara as she stormed off.

"She's kinda selfish isn't she?" Haley asked. She finally noticed that Kara was being way too spoilt.

"Loneliness does that." Lilly shrugged. "Let her cool down a little.

"Impossible!" Marie exclaimed. "He hacked the network and proxy?!"

It would appeared that Marie had underestimated Kale a little. She wanted to really ruin him now.

Kara walked alone in silence she hated Holly right now and had a feeling they all hated her back. Once school was over she'd find her own place to stay why stay with them anymore anyway.

Actually in truth Kale didn't hack the network or the proxy he instead had a inside man. Who worked under Marie who he bribed with a million dollars. He had him upload the shipment and bribes onto the computer network to make everything look nice and real.

"Look for yourself" The officer said and punched up the file for Marie to see.

"She'll be without a roof over her head later." Holly concluded. "Anyway, we should hurry up."

They arrived at the school and Lilly said she'd meet her sisters later in the quad. She then went off to her first lesson, which was accounting. It wasn't scheduled to start just yet but she had some reading she wanted to catch up on.

Marie looked over the files in shock. It was all true. She'd been set up pretty badly. With a last ditch, she had a plan.

"I didn't sign for any of these. We'd need the paper copies to find that out and I don't have any printed." Marie quickly said.

Kara was at school long before the others. She went to her first class which was history. She went on and sat down even though it wouldn't begin for a while. She got out her phone and texted Lilly.

Kara to Lilly: 'We need to talk'

"They are right here" another officer said. He walked over and placed a number of printed documents upon the desk all detailing the information on the shipment and bribes even printed down on the paper was Marie's signature.

Kale's inside man and some how gotten a copy of Marie's signature from another document and some how studied it in great detail and along with a little magic from Kale the mole signed Marie's name upon the papers perfectly.

Lilly was reading when her phone vibrated. She looked at it and saw that Kara had text her.

Lilly to Kara: 'When and where?'

Even the signatures were forged near perfectly. Near perfectly? That's it! Marie's own signature had a little more flair than the ones on the paper. The signatures on them were from archived documents. It was even obvious to a trained eye that the ink looked a little faded on them ever after they've only been printed.

"Run me under a lie detector if you wish. I never signed for any of these." Marie continued her argument. "We can even compare the signatures to some more recent documents."

Kara felt her phone vibrate and looked at the text on it.

Kara tp Lilly: 'Quad at break just you and me'

The signatures being forged prefectly or atleast near perfectly had been a result. Of Kale using magic upon it to make it look that way. The officers listened to what Marie had to say. "That will take time" One replied as they started to lead Marie out of her office.

Lilly got another text from Kara.

Lilly to Kara: 'A little problematic. The twins asked me the same thing. What lesson have you got next? Do you have P.E?'

"We've got a lot of time. I've still got to testify and answer to an Interrogation, haven't I?" Marie replied. "Law's a lengthy thing so we've got more than enough time to check through evidence."

Kara checked her text.

She then looked over what class she had next. She did indeed have P.E she must had forgotten about mentioning it that morning. Since she was in a bad mood.

Kara to Lilly: 'Yes I do'

"The will happen downtown" A officer spoke as this was getting them no where. Kale had oginally wanted Marie killed but after the failed attempt on the bridge he needed to change things. "We will see what we can do in the mean time your coming with us"

Lilly to Kara: 'We'll talk in the changing rooms or the lesson then. It's up to you.'

"I've no objections as long as I'm given a fair trial and we go through all the legal jargon." Marie finished as she was being escorted to the police cars.

Kara to Lilly: 'The changing rooms are fine'

That was the last message she sent to Lilly as it was nearing time for her lesson to begin. She walked to her lesson and took a seat at her spot in the back of the room.

The lesson had began so Lilly decided not to look at her phone. She needed to pay attention in accounting otherwise her Mother would probably disown her. The twins are also stuck to having to listen to Mathematics lectures without falling asleep or skipping out on classes. Either way, accounting was a big thing for the Sera family.

Accounting, like other advanced Mathematics classes, were normally saved for year 9 students who'd been taking their options but Lilly had been forced into this class by her Mother ages ago so she's always done accounting alongside Mathematics lesson ever since she started senior school.

With the lesson finally beginning it was just like any other. Kara really enjoyed it at times but today was another matter her mind was set on things that mainly had to do with the way Holly had been asking. As of late which she could dismiss that easily. She watched as the teacher started to talk about just what the lesson would be about today.

Lilly was passable at accounting but she didn't really care. Money was no object she liked. She listened to the lessons and solved the problems she was given but she did it mechanically. Once the lesson was over, Lilly packed away her things and went along to her locker to pick up her P.E kit. She wondered if her old kit would fit with the new uniform standards of the school.

History passed rather quickly size this morning she had zoned out during it. Once the lesson was over she put her things away and walked. To her locker and got her P.E kit. Once that was done she walked to the changing rooms and started to get changed. It appeared that everyone one else was using their old kits at the moment since. The school was still deciding on what to do about a new current look.

After collection her kit, Lilly went towards the changing rooms. She stopped by a toilet en-route just to take precautions. She wasn't wearing any panties so the coldness in the lessons might get to her. The sports hall was cold and so was the Spring day outside. She blushed as she remembered that her old kit was a little small for her. She'd opted to buy more at the start of this school year but she'd never got around to it.

Inside the changing room, Lilly began to get changed. The kit she had was a pair of red bloomers and a white polo shirt with red borders. She put the shirt on first as it was a little too long in height to hide the fact that she was wearing no panties. She then quickly put her bloomers on without lifting her legs up too much to prevent any peaks at her flower. The bloomers hugged her lips tightly as they were a size too small. If a person looked closely, they may be able to see the outline of her vulva. She then quickly tucked her shirt in to hide it a little.

Kara had changed into her own kit. But feeling the need to pee she left the room and went to the bathroom. Before returning she looked around and spotted Lilly and went over to her. "I would like to say first that I'm sorry to you for any trouble that I have caused you. I would also like to say that I not liking the way Holly has been acting as of late ever since last night and the bets. I've made she's been complaining about everything I do more so the ususal" Kara told her.

Kara explained her reasons and Lilly listened.

"You've freaked her out, that's all." Lilly answered. "She's easily scared and you've done just that. She'll cool down in her own time but she'll still be wary. She hates wetting herself so she didn't like it when you said that, if you won the bet, you'd make her do it."

It appeared to be a mild misunderstanding after all. Holly's just scared of what Kara may get her to do.

Lilly explained things to Kara.

"I know she hates doing that, But can't she understand that I like seeing girls doing that. She may hate me for it but can't she also accept that its apart of who I am?" Kara asked.

"She does but she's scared. You're too forward with it and you seem to be forcing it on us." Lilly answered. "Think of it from Holly's perspective. She's a nine year old girl who's being ordered to pee herself for someone's enjoyment. Wouldn't you be scared if someone did that to you if you were that old?"

Kara listened to Lilly.

"So, if I was less forward with it all she would be ok with it and take it in slowly?" Kara asked. She had not really thought of it from Holly's point of view before. "Yes, I would be scared and I would come to hate that person" Kara tells her.

"If you do it at Holly's pace I'm sure she'll not really warm up to it as such but she'll accept that it's something that makes you happy." Lilly replied. "Take it easy. If you were to ask her really nicely and not demand her to do something against her will she'll do it as long as she's not alone with it. Ask Haley to join in as well and, if you do it too, she'll probably not feel so bad about it all."

"I'm guessing her pace would be here and there yet how can I ask her nicely when she hates my guts?" Kara asked her, She then thought of Haley but shook her head at that idea. "Before any of that happens I need to talk with Holly alone can you keep Haley busy for a while?" Kara went on to ask her,

"Apologise to her and treat her to some sweets or something. She'll be suspicious but she'll still go along with it if Haley and I are there." Lilly answered. "Haley's easily kept occupied with sweets. Make a sweet trail leading away from where you'll be talking to Holly and she'll do the rest herself."

'Why do I have the apologize?" Kara thought she knew she needed to but so did Holly. "I believe I can do that" Kara replied. As the group finally arrived at the sports hall. The teacher had fianlly started to take attendence.

"Then it's all good, right?" Lilly asked with a smile. "Sometimes, you just need to think from another perspective to get around most problems. If you keep looking one way then you'll miss out on a lot of other options when the road starts to get tough."

Once they got into the sports hall, Lilly sat at the back of the hall with the other students. Sure enough, the cold was getting to her a little in her panty-less situation. Her bloomers felt freezing against her crotch

Kara listened as Lilly spoke. "Yeah, it is but has Holly ever thought from my perspective?" Kara went on to ask.

She felt cold since she wasn't also wearing a bra and her nipples were now poking out. Against her top she looked closer at Lilly. "I'm cold"

"She has before and, to be honest, she says it scares her." Lilly told Kara. "She doesn't get the idea of how anyone can find peeing themselves and watching other people pee themselves enjoyable."

Lilly shivered at the thought of Kara feeling cold as well.

"That makes two of us." Lilly replied. "My bloomers are freezing and they're..." Lily stopped herself from saying any more. She stopped sitting with her knees up and shifted down to sitting on her feet while she knelt on the floor. She knew that anyone could see everything due to the coldness of the hall if she let them.

"I guess some of us are just different than others I'm sure Holly has things she likes that I might not find enjoyable" Kara replied.

"I'm sure I'll be feeling the same way if not more so soon enough" Kara spoke. She looked down to see Lilly sitting on her feet. "Also it would be a good idea to close your legs as everyone would be able to see it" Kara pointed out.

"I intend to. I don't want other people seeing that even in an all girl's school." Lilly answered with a blush. "You'd better be careful as well. You've got pointy things in your top."

It appears that Holly's dare was a huge screw over for Lilly at the moment. Later today she's got Drama and Drama in a skirt with no panties on isn't a good idea. Especially when the unit she's on at the moment is 'People as Props'.

"I'm sure you'd show it to me" Kara quickly said as she walked away from Lilly. Her arms were over her chest. She soon joined the rest of the class as she waited for attendance to be taken, Kara also thought of their joint attack they still needed to pull off together.

"What?! NO! Of course not!" Lilly quickly blurted out.

Attendance was taken and the topic for today was introduced.

The teacher told the class that todays lesson would be that each student. Would run and pick up a eraser upon the ground run back and drop it before running back over and picking up a second. Before running back over the start line. Each student would be timed and the student with the best overall time would win.

"But your blushing"

Lilly sighed in despair as the lesson was introduced. A lot of running meant a lot of rubbing, a lot of rubbing lead to a lot of chafing and other things. Lilly was sure that today was out to get her. Anyway, she wasn't the only one on the short end of the stick. Kara had two problems to worry about. Number one was the same as Lilly, with the rubbing and chafing, and Number two was something which Lilly lacked. Bouncy bits.

"Too much running." Lilly groaned.

Kara wasn't liking the whole running around bit. Now she had to deal with like Lilly a bunch of rubbing a chafing. "You will pay for this Holly" Kara thought, She closed her eyes and felt the air around them. She wanted to locate just where Holly currently was. But was having a hard time trying to locate her,

Not far behind Lilly Yukina was busy standing by herself. She had been watching both Kara and Lilly for a short time. And was glad to see Kara walk away and leave Lilly alone. Deciding to play a prank of Lilly Yukina created several sounds that sounded like running water and placed these sounds around Lilly.

The signal was faint but Kara managed to locate Holly. She was currently in the toilets located in the Primary School building, which was at the other end of the campus. Another signature was felt near Holly, it was Haley's. She was around 10 feet away from Holly. This would normally meant that she was running the dryers for her.

While sitting and waiting for her turn to be called up, Lilly heard what sounded like taps running and rain drops falling. It was a sunny day outside so there should be no rain. They were also in a place where no taps were so how could taps be running? Lilly moved around slightly, unconscious of her own movements. She felt the trace of magic and knew who it was.

"Damn you!" She quietly said to herself. She knew it was Yukina messing with her.

The other students were busy getting into a single file line and Kara took. Her spot in line her arms were still crossed over her breasts. She had opened her eyes again she had finally found Holly but it was faint she also felt Haley was near. "Damn" Kara thought as she wanted to get Holly back for this outlandish bet but with Haley near her. She wouldn't be able to pull out what she wanted.

Instead and knowing that they both still hated her she let the wind touch them both lightly. Before moving it off of them and fadding away.

The sounds of water around Lilly grew a little louder. But vanished as Yukina arrived near Lilly's side "Oh, if it isn't my best friend Leaky Lilly" Yukina replied with a laugh.

The twins felt the wind and Holly yelped a little from it as it surprised her. She then quickly finished up and went to wash her hands. Haley then went into the cubicle and shut the door when Holly was drying her hands.

"I don't need you messing with me now." Lilly angrily said through gritted teeth. "I'm having an off day as it is and you'll only make it worse."

Kara felt Holly's movements in the wind and smiled. She keot their location in mind but did nothing to mess with either of them.

"Oh, problems I see" Yukina spoke.

"More than that." Lilly answered coldly. "It's none of your concern."

Lilly didn't want anyone knowing that she was without a pair of panties today otherwise she may be in for a boat-load of embarrassment from the other students. More from Yukina, though.

"Now, if you're done messing with me, please leave me alone." She politely, if a little forcibly, asked.

"That may be true but I can still have my fun" Yukina replied.

She turned away from Lilly and started to walk away leaving her alone. A moment later a small wet patch began to form on Lilly's bloomers around in her crotch. This wasn't pee or anything just water that would make other students think she had wet herself.

Yukina left Lilly alone at last but she did have the last laugh. Lilly felt a wetness around her crotch on her bloomers. She looked down and saw a small wet patch forming. She knew she'd just been to the toilet before she came into the lesson and that she hadn't moved much since so it had to be Yukina. She quickly covered the patch with her hands and made her new position look natural to not raise suspicion.

"That bitch!" Lilly quietly, but angrily, stated.

The line of students moved along and soon it was Kara's turn. She did a few stretches to get her leg muscles working. As soon as the teacher said she was ready. Kara sprinted forward she ran quickly and picked. Up one of the erasers before running back over the line. Dropped it to the ground she ran back over and picked up the second one. Before giving a mad dash across the finish line.

During the entire time Kara ran she felt her bloomers rubbing against her girlhood. A tiny wet patch had formed. At her crotch as the rubbing had turned her on. Kara had gotten a time of '45' seconds and quickly made her way to Lilly.

Lilly was in a mood ever since Yukina left her. She'd been sitting sour faced the whole time and anger was clear in her posture. She didn't notice that Kara had returned as she was lost in plotting the downfall of Yukina. How could she get her own back on this person?

Kara noticed that Lilly was in a bad mood and didn't want to even ask what the problem was. A few moments passed and the teacher called out for Lilly. Who's turn it was next to go about their lesson.

It took a good three calls before Lilly even noticed she was wanted. She quickly snapped herself from her slump and did some warm-up stretches before joining the line. The whistle was blown and the runners set off.

Lilly managed to withstand the rubbing of her bloomers against her exposed vulva. She stumbled a little in places as the patch on her bloomers got larger and larger. She really wanted to add to the rubbing with some of her own but now was not the time and place. She managed to get a time of '45s 21ms'. As soon as she dropped the last eraser, she fell to the floor and panted from more than just the running. The running hadn't tired her out at all but the will power it took to refrain from rubbing herself while her bloomers did most of the work was the culprit.

Kara watched as Lilly did her warm up stretches and then did her lesson. Once finished she watched as Lilly returned towards her and saw the larger wet patch on her bloomers. Kara tried not to stare but couldn't help it. Her own patch had gotten larger from just looking at Lilly's a blush filled her face.

"I...really...need...to...pee." Lilly panted out. She didn't actually need to go. She wanted to do something much more intimate in the toilets. Her vulva was trembling with anticipation as she slowly started to sit up. When her eyes refocused, she saw a wet patch on Kara's bloomers as well.

"Shall we ask together?"

Lilly stood up and went to the teacher to ask if she could be excused for a toilet break.

Kara heard Lilly mention about needing to pee. But got the feeling there was more to it than that. She quickly got up "y-yes" Kara stammered out. Her flower we tingling just at the sight of looking at Lilly's wet bloomers. Kara went along with her they reached the teacher and asked if they both could be excuased to the toilet. The teacher said it was fine and Kara ran towards the toilets. They rubbing of her bloomers against her girlhood increased.

Thankfully, the teacher allowed them to go to the toilet. Lilly wasted no time in heading there. She knew her pleasure would erupt out of her any moment. She hurried along into the changing room toilets and entered a cubicle. She quickly shut the door behind her and pulled her damp bloomers down before giving in to the pleasure. Her right hand immediately started to rub against her girlhood and it took no more than a couple of seconds before she climaxed.

Kara went into the toilets a few moments. After Lilly had done so her eyes were still clued. To the wet patch upon her bloomers. How she longed to touch Lilly between her legs and felt sad that Lilly went into a cubicle. She went into her own next to Lilly's and seemed to follow suit. With her own bloomers pulled down. Kara brought her hand down rubbing herself she heard Lilly moan softly.

Feeling the wetness of her juices on her fingers. Kara started to moan within seconds she moaned Lilly's name and then climaxed. Yet Kara then went quiet she was sure now that Lilly would have heard her name being called out.

Lost in her ecstasy, she barely heard her name being called. She thought it was just her imagination. Kara wouldn't do that, would she? After a few moments to regain her breath, Lilly did what she said she was going to do before wiping herself down and flushing the toilet. She felt much better now. She then washed her hands and headed back to her lesson.

Kara left the cubicle and went about washing her hands. She then walked back into the changing room and went about searching for a clean pair. Of bloomers she could wear as she wasn't about to head back to her lesson in her old ones. She found another pair and changed into those and went back to the sports hall.

Lilly's bloomers were mostly dry as she'd used a little water from the tap and magic to clean them. They were still a little damp but they weren't noticeably damp.

Back in the sports hall, Lily took her seat at the back of the room again and shot daggers at Yukina with her glance.

Yukina saw the glare that Lilly gave her upon her return. She didn't like it one bit so she got up and looked around. For something not being able to find anything she created a ball of solid ice and sent it flying at Lilly's face.

Seeing the ice coming at her, Lilly put a small fire barrier around herself and melted the ice. It turned into nothing but harmless water which splashed against her face.

"How refreshing. Thanks for that." Lilly taunted Yukina.

Seeing as how Lilly had melted the ice that left her lower body open. Yukina created a water whip that suddenly struck Lilly upon her rear end rather hard.

"How'd you like that?" She taunted.

Lilly yelped in shock as the whip struck her.

"So you like it kinky, do you?" Lilly shot back. She then created a small collection of fire needles and sent them towards Yukina. They'll cause no real harm but they'll still sting.

The fire needles struck Yukina and she yelped in pain as they stinged her.

"I thought you would like that!" Yukina replied. She created a nine tailed water whip and sent it at Lilly's rear again.

The nine-tailed whip struck Lilly and she yelped in pain again.

"Shame I like whips." Lilly told Yukina. "Do you like the Pretty Maid?"

Lilly created a Iron Maiden made of fire and locked it around Yukina. The fire would absorb her if she allowed it and she would still feel the pain but no real harm would be done.

"Pretty Maid?" Yukina asked confused.

An Iron Maiden was cast around her. She had only read about them she tried to get free but. Felt the fire burn her as though she was in real pain. Yukina screamed out and called on her magic the Iron Maiden was cut in two and she had small burn marks on her arms and face.

"That does it" Yukina yelled.

The water whip turned into a blade of water which Yukina sent to cut off Lilly's bloomers.

The blade cut through Lilly's bloomers. She shrieked in surprise as she quickly grabbed at her bloomers to stop them from falling down.

"You've pushed me too far!" Lilly shouted back. She then created a halberd from fire and sent it to cut through all of Yukina's clothes.

Yukina cried out in surprise as she was struck by the flame halberd. It cut through all her clothes. Which fell to the ground Yukina cried out and quickly covered herself. Before running at Lilly and she takled her to the ground and started to rip off Lilly's clothes with her hands.

"How dare you how dare you!" Yukina snapped. She brought a hand down to Lilly's crotch and sent a forceful wave of water inside of her peach.

The teacher saw all of this and went over to Yukina she pulled. her off of Lilly. "Damn it all Yukina and Lilly headmaster's office right now and hurry and get changed" She snapped.

Things happened and the two found themselves in a whole lot of trouble. Lilly had created a large puddle on the floor of the sports hall which she'll have to clean up after her trip to the headmaster's office and, as mentioned, she had to see the headmaster.

"Your fault." Lilly angrily stated to Yukina.

Yukina stormed back to the changing room and changed back into her clothes. Once she was alone with Lilly she looked back at her.

"Your one to talk"

Lilly quickly changed her clothes and glared right back at Yukina, who seemed to be rather angry herself.

"You started it with your whipping. It's your fault." Lilly answered.

"Yet she tried to hurt me with that Iron Maiden thing" Yukina pointed out.

She got up out and headed out of the changing room. Before doing once again the small form of water and dropped it on Lilly's head.

"Only because you whipped me!" Lilly responded.

Expecting a reaction, Lilly managed to avoid the water bubble which Yukina tried to drop on her head. She then left the changing rooms and headed towards the Headmaster's office.

"You deserved it" Yukina replied back.

Once Lilly had left the changing rooms and both girls were walking towards the Headmaster's office. A few minutes later they both arrived and knocked on the door and were told that they could enter.

"Et tu!" Lilly shot back.

Lilly waited around outside the headmaster's office. She wasn't going to go in first after last time.

"All yours." Lilly said to Yukina with a smug smile.

Yukina didn't clearly understand what Lilly had said to her as first.

She could see the smug smile on Lilly's face and walked up to the Headmaster's door and opened it and walked inside.

"Ah, Ms Yukina its good for you to come" He said in angered tone.

Lilly waited outside with a smile on her face for Yukina to come out with her tail between her legs. That'll teach her for what she did! She didn't much care for her own punishment at the moment. She just wanted to see her take a fall.

Yukina was usually a good student and didn't really make much trouble. Yet she seemed to be breaking all the rules with her recent fights with Lilly. As she stood there looking down at the floor she heard the Headmaster speak to her. He yelled at her for breaking the rules and engaging in a magical battle with out the proper safety being taken into account.

He pulled out a long metal ruler from. His desk and walked over to Yukina who he grabbed by the arm. Yukina started to beg and scream to be let go but he wouldn't allow that to happen. His daughter had broken the rules and must be punished for it. He pulled up Yukina's skirt and pulled down her panties. And started to slap her ass with the metal ruler. Yukina cried out in pain and screamed for him to stop.

He did this 15 times until her ass was bright red and hurting all over. He told her to get out of his sight and Yukina left the office crying and in pain.

Lilly saw just what she wanted to see. A broken and distraught Yukina. Lilly was now ready to take her own punishment. She had her plan set out to make it less unbearable.

"You wanted me?" Lilly asked as she entered the Headmaster's office.

"Ah, Ms Sera your back again so soon" The Headmaster said. As Lilly walked into his office he got up again and started to pace around the room.

"Your in just a much trouble as Yukina is in" He replied.

"What're my charges?" Lilly asked confidently. "Assault on provocation? Inappropriate use of Magic? Knocking a stuck up girl down a peg or two?"

Lilly didn't care much for the Headmaster at the moment.

"All of those, sure you had every right to defend yourself but still you broke the rules" He told her.

He could see the look upon her face. He put the metal ruler away and went searching for something else. "Maybe suspenion would work or a duel between you two"

"Whatever you want. I don't care either way." Lilly answered.

She liked the idea of a duel but that was also a turn off as well. Yukina always fought dirty so she'll likely do it in the duel as well.

"Then consider it both then for the rest of the day your suspended but it will be a in-school suspension which means. You will spend the rest of the day with the other trouble makers in room 2-B plus tomorrow morning you will have your duel with Yukina" He told her.

"Fine by me." Lilly shrugged back. "Where is 2-B?"

Lilly seemed to be let off from the harsh punishment Yukina had. She wasn't sure if this was a good thing or a bad thing. She'd never been given a suspension before left alone an in-school suspension. She wondered just what it all meant.

"Lead the way."

"Follow me and I'll show you" He spoke.

The Headmaster walked out of his office with Lilly following behind him. They both walked for a short while until the reached the middle of the campus. Walking inside a smaller building he led Lilly down the hallway until they passed by five doors on the sixth door the pair stopped. "Right here" He told her.

"If you say so." Lilly answered. She opened the door and went into the room. She knew what she'd do. She'd just sit there and catch up on her reading for the rest of the day. She wondered if she'd be let out for breaks and lunch as she had appointments to keep.

The teacher in charge of everything went over to Lilly as she entered and told her. They she would be excaused for lunch but they'd all go as a class and then would. Come right back and eat in the classroom. She would be allowed to leave for a bathroom break. But someone would have to go with her.

Lilly found out that she was being treated like a criminal now. She kind of hated the fact that she was so restrained. Wanting time to go fast, she took a seat at the back of the classroom and took out her book. She'd read her way through this imprisonment,

Kara wondered just what had become of Lilly she had not returned to class. Yet Yukina did the lesson had ended a while again and as she was headed to her magic lesson. Which she shared with Lilly and the twins. Wondered how she could find Lilly when she arrived in class. She closed her eyes and used her magic to try and locate Lilly.

Kara managed to find Lilly's magical signature and Lilly was aware of this. She could feel Kara's magic scrying on her. She sent back her own signature, a blast of hot wind, which was basically an indication to say 'Stop it.'.

"Lilly's been bad, hasn't she?" Haley asked Kara when she entered the magic class.

"It's all Yukina's fault, not Lilly's." Holly corrected Haley.

Kara felt the blast of warm air upon her and stopped what she was doing. She saw both other girls enter the room.

"It would seem that way but what for?" Kara asked to Haley. She looked over at Holly "I guess so" She replied. Before class was to begin she decided to say something to both girls.

"I know as of late there as been some bad blood between us and I want to say. That I'm sorry for the way I've been acting Holly you don't deserve what I've been trying to force upon you. And neither to you Haley I won't try and force it on you Holly but I just want you to understand that its. Something that I like and would like to see it in time if we could do it all together. Maybe you would feel better at it because you wouldn't be alone in the matter" Kara says.

"Word in the lower years is that Yukina was picking on Lilly in P.E and Lilly retaliated." Holly explained. "When I was on my way to the toilets before this lesson, I saw Yukina looking rather upset and holding her rear. She looked like she'd just been punished rather badly."

"So, I done a bit of snooping." Haley cut in. "I asked around and news had it that Yukina and Lilly had a little magic contest in P.E and they got caught."

Kara went on to apologise for all she had done.

"I've been a little selfish as well." Holly answered. "I'm sorry for that. How about...um..." Holly knew she'd regret this but she just had to do it. She just had to accept that side of Kara no matter how much she hated it. "Later today, just before our bath after school. I...'do' something for you in my swimsuit. Swimsuits are easy to clean so it won't be that bad."

"Count me in as well." Haley said with a smile as she patted Holly on the back. "We'll both put on a little show for you."

"Only if you do it as well, Kara." Holly added on. "I don't want you to feel too overjoyed by our choice."

Kara listened to the first part of what both Holly and Haley had to say. "So, that's what happened to Yukina when she came back to class she was still hlding her rear" Kara spoke. She turned to Haley. "Yet it seems that Yukina got more of the bad punishment that what Lilly got" She replied to Haley.

Kara heard the last part of what both girls said.

"Holly you don't have to do that so soon all I wanted was it to happen when you were good and ready. Not something that you just want to do to get it over with take your time and really think about this" Kara told her. She wanted Holly to do this on her own ffree will as something that would be nice if Kara was feeling down not something that was like. I did it its over lets move on she looked over at Haley.

"Why don't we just do it together instead so that Holly doesn't have to do it?" Kara asked her.

"If I don't do it then then I never will." Holly quickly answered before Haley had a chance to. "I know I've gotta start somewhere with all of this and today's the best day for it. Tomorrow I'd probably return back to being disgusted by the thought of it. Please, let me do it later."

"What she said." Haley replied. "I'm fine with it but I know what Holly's like."

Holly was still torn between taking up Kara's offer and doing it 'when she felt ready' and her own decision of starting it all today. She'd been conditioned that doing that sort of thing was disgusting and not something a young lady should do so she really wanted to act upon her decision and try to uncondition herself from that ideal and recondition herself to believe it's not that bad when appropriate.

Kara wasn't going to push the matter anymore. As if she did Holly would just get mad at her once again. 'Its up to you" Was all Kara said. She then heard what Haley said but didn't reply back to her. Soon the lesson began and attendance was taken neither Yukina or Yvraine were here at the moment. As they had others lessons however the teacher today decided on a short mock battle for today.

He called up Kara the looked at the other. 13 students and asked if one of them would come up to battle Kara as in by being a mock battle it was whoever got hit first would lose the round.

"Hit first, huh?" Haley thought of something. "I'll do it!" She called up to the teacher.

Haley had a plan. She knew that Kara couldn't see through her illusions without Holly's help so this was in the bag for her. She wanted to look competent in magic classes as it'll probably be the only class she actually passes this year.

Kara saw as Haley had come forward. The teacher agreed to this and Kara then changed into her battle outfit. At least this version had something covering her privates as she wasn't about to go around flashing everyone.

"So, were fighting each other this should be fun"

"It will be. We liked it last time so this time'll be better." Haley replied as she changed into her own outfit. "You've got no Holly to help you now. Do you know which is which?"

Haley created three copies of herself before dismissing them.

"Then all four of us should do it again, and I don't need Holly's help to beat you" Kara replied with a smile.

Seeing as Haley created three copies of herself and knowing what she liked. Kara called upon the wind to first blow up Haley's skirt. Followed next by floating into the sky she created three non-letheal blades of wind and sent them at Haley.

As Haley had expected, Kara blew up her skirt with wind before anything else. Haley playfully pushed it down but made sure that everything could be seen as well.

The blades of wind were quite easy to avoid. All Haley had to do was swiftly teleport to the other side of Kara. Instead of fighting, she decided to hold her action for her next chance.

Seemed that Haley had dodged the blades of wind. Well that was to be expected as it was just a warm up. She watched as Haley teleported to the other side of her yet she seemed not to do anything.

Instead Kara flew over to Haley and hugged her before tickling her sides and then flying away from. Back to where she had been before.

Passive fun over, Haley decided to get a little serious.

"Wingblade." She cast. Six spectral blades of illusion appeared behind her in a wing-like pattern. She could control each blade individually but could only do three moves with them a round, whether they be combined blade attacks or singular ones. The blades also allowed her to fly. She gently floated upwards before using her held action.

"Double Team." Haley cast. Ten copies of her surrounded Kara in a circle.

Seems Haley wanted to get serious now.

She floated in theair still and watched as six spectral blades were created. Followed by ten copies of her appearing around her. Looking around she wondered just which one of them was the real Haley,

The wind began to gather around her again forming a small barrier around her. Just incase of Haley trying anything.

Kara called the wind around herself. Haley, being inept at discerning magic, decided to strike. She moved her left hand in a slashing pattern and one of her blades shot forward towards Kara. She then moved her right hand in the same way and another shot at Kara. She then slashed both of her hands down and two more blades fired off towards Kara.

Kara had seen the first blade come down at her. She dodged to the left to avoid the attack. Another two blades came flying at her. She avoided another blade but one struck her barrier which caused it to shatter. Another blade was coming at her and Kara dived to the ground. Just barely avoiding the attack.

Landing upon the ground she gathered the wind once again between her arms. And then shot a strong gust of wind at Haley more like a gale force blast of wind.

Some of the blades missed but one connected. Haley was quite pleased with this. She then saw a barrier shatter and was rather annoyed at her lack of knowledge in the detecting magic section.

Seeing a blast of wind coming at her, Haley quickly traded places with a copy and the copy got struck. The copy shattered into shards of light. Haley connected all her six blades together and sent the whole lot down at Kara like a huge spear.

Kara saw a copy of Haley shatter into pieces of light. "So, that was just a copy?" Kara thought. She watched as all six blades came together and formed a huge spear. Which was sent flying at her. Kara sent a much stronger blast of wind at Haley as another means to blow up her skirt to distract her. But Kara had slipped up she was paying attention to that instead of finishing it quick.

The spear struck Kara in the chest sending her. Flying into the ground the teacher saw this and awarded the match to Haley.

In a short amount of time, Haley had won. She floated down and dismissed her magic.

"You weren't even trying, were you?" She asked Kara, upset about her quick win. "Do you think I'm not going to cut it?"

Holly had offered for herself to come up and fight the next round. The winner of that round would face Haley in a different sort of magic fight.

Holly quickly took out her opponent. They were all tricks and traps which Holly could see through. She made it last a while for visually appealing reasons but quickly cut her opponent down with a well timed backbiter, which reflected their own trap back at themselves. Haley was called up and stood opposite Holly.

"Illusion vs. Truth." Holly said. "In any normal battle, I'd wipe the floor with you in seconds."

"Confident, are we?" Haley chuckled. "This isn't a normal magic battle."

The rules were explained. Magic is all well and good but there needs to be a balance between ranged and close combat. This battle was a close combat one. Magic from range was forbidden and would result in instant loss.

Kara's clothes returned to normal.

"I was trying I was trying to distract you before I made my move and it failed" Kara replied. She walked away from Haley knowing if she were to talk with her anymore. Haley would just get more mad. It seemed that Holly's battle was up next and Kara didn't want to watch it. Then it seemed that it was Holly vs Haley.

Kara stood and watched.

"Close combat?" Haley asked. "Perfect. Time to show how well my tutoring from Sis paid off."

"We're both students of Lilly's. Let's see who's better!" Holly answered.

Haley held out her left hand and a black blade formed in it.

The blade was pure obsidian and so was the handle. The shape of the blade was different from normal. It was shaped in the opposite direction of a normal sword. The blade itself was curved like a cutlass but it ended in a tip much like an axe blade. A green emerald sat in the middle of the axe blade. A similar gem rested in the circular handle. The handle gem looked more like an eye than a gem. The reason the blade appeared backwards was because Haley wielded it backhand. She held the sword behind her and stood with her front facing her right.

"Nice sword." Holly commented. "Pity it's not named."

"Redemption!" Holly called out as she extended her right hand. A pure white blade appeared.

This blade looked roughly the same as Haley's except the colours were reversed. This blade was white and red. Instead of having a axe-like top, it had thing blade curving around like a scythe. It looked more like it was made for ripping than cutting. She also wielded her weapon backhand like Haley.

The two girls stared each other down as the teacher began the fight.

"Ready...start!"

Kara just watched it seemed that both girls had gotten much better. Maybe next time Kara would had to take things more seroiously. She could cheat and make Haley lose by trying to distract her but it would make her mad. So Kara did nothing and remained where she was.

"When equal powers clash..." Haley started. She then appeared right in front of Holly, who skilfully blocked her strike.

"...their true nature is revealed." Holly finished. She then jumped back and disengaged from combat.

The two girls battled it out. Both appeared equally matched but Holly was tiring quickly. She had just enough stamina to block Haley's relentless onslaught of attacks. Blows quickly rained down from the both of them, coupled with the sound of metal clanging against metal as their weapons connected. Haley was still going strong. She'd barely broken a sweat despite her constant attacks against Holly. She seemed to show no signs of tiring what so ever.

Holly quickly gained the upper hand by nearly disarming Haley. She acted all tired and weak before using the wing of her blade to nearly remove the sword form Haley's hand. Haley only just managed to pull back before Holly tore her sword away.

"Cunning beats speed!" Holly shouted to Haley.

"Speed can outrun cunning!" Haley countered as she flashed above Holly and slashed downwards with her axe-blade in a full circle. Holly blocked this blow and sent Haley flying by causing her own momentum to backfire. She was now lying prone on the floor. Holly went over to her.

"Give up?" Holly asked.

"Never!" Haley shouted back as she attempted to toppled Holly by slashing at her legs. Holly quickly jumped back and avoided the attack. This gave Haley a chance to regain her posture.

The battle looked really close.

Lilly could see the battle the girls were taking part in through the scrying link Holly sent her. She had Haley disguise it so it couldn't be traced. She was happy with how good her students had become. They'd surpassed her teaching ability.

Kara was now watching the battle with great interest it seemed that both girl's were doing very good. Far better then she thought they would be doing as she watched she began to wonder. Just how they'd do against her in a battle she wanted to fight against Haley again. As truth be told she had not been taking their fight seriously, Yet she knew who she wanted to win this battle and that was Haley,

Kara called upon her magic and she shielded herself so that she was completely, Shielded from anyone knowing just what she was about to do, She had a fair idea of what she was going to do to Holly, "Confuse" Kara cast on Holly the spell forces the mind to lose focus, so that actions can't be performed properly anymore. That was the first part next Kara cast her second spell on Holly. "Obeyance", "Enslaves" someones mind, so that he/she does what the caster desires. If this spell worked on Holly then what Kara wanted her to do pull her panties down and flash the whole class.

That was only if the spell were to work on her in the first place, She cast more magic upon herself to shield herself from anyone finding out it was her, She also used the her own magical ability that she had learned from her Father so that she wouldn't be traced as well.

*014*2014-07-26 01:12

Another chapter is here for you all to read.

Chapter 12: Darkness Awakens

All of a sudden, Holly was stuck by a weird dizzy spell and she started to see double of everything. She staggered around a little and nearly fell over her own sword. She sensed that it was not normal dizziness. Someone was rigging the battle in Haley's favour! But who?!

"I've gotta...fight it..." Holly said to herself mentally. She then felt another magic try to influence her but, expecting it, she managed to block it out of her mind. "Did Haley...?"

Haley saw all of Holly's weird acting and felt rather annoyed at it. Did she take pity on her as well?

"Stop faking it!" Haley shouted at Holly. "I know you're just trying to beat me through trickery again!"

"I'm not...doing this." Holly answered. "Gotta fight, gotta win." She told herself mentally. She staggered forward and attempted to slash Haley. Haley just stepped to the side as the attack was telegraphed like crazy.

"Come on! Don't you think I'm worth the fight?!" Haley asked angrily and somewhat hurt.

"Just because I'm not the best at magic or combat you think you need to wrap me up in cotton wool and act all like you're trying when you're not?! Well, guess what, I DON'T NEED IT! I can do this myself! I'm through with all you're pampering to me like I'm useless! Kara, you and even Lilly does it! I HATE IT! I HATE IT!" Haley shouted.

A black fire started to cloak her blade. It started out small but soon rose as her anger did.

"Fight me! Come on! FIGHT!" Haley shouted at Holly again. "Do something! Quite staggering around!"

The black fire became more intense and soon her whole blade was alight with it. A change seemed to come over Haley. Her eyes became deadened and her fighting pose became more serious.

"If you're going to act that way then fine!" Haley angrily stated. She then blinked over to Holly and barraged her with strikes. Her actual fighting ability seemed to have increased tenfold in a matter of seconds. Holly was quickly beaten back and disarmed. Her blade was thrown into the air to embed itself tip-first into the ground. Holly herself was lying on the floor near unconscious. Haley had hit her with the hilt of her blade flat in the side of her head. Blood trickled from the small gash near her left eye.

"You're pathetic." Haley smirked at Holly. "Pathetic people don't deserve to live."

"Haley?" Holly weakly asked. She knew a heavy magical change had come over her. Haley rose her blade above Holly's chest and pointed the axe tip towards her heart. "Please. The battle's over. You've won."

"Battle?" Haley asked with a chuckle. "This is personal. Not some cheap little imitation fight."

"But..." Holly continued as tears welled up in her eyes. "What about Lilly? What would she do if you killed me?"

The mention of Lilly's name seemed to cause a strong reaction in Haley. She grabbed her head in pain and staggered back. She appeared to be fighting something from within herself. The fires on her blade crackled and flickered like a dying hearth. Eventually, Haley quickly ran back up to Holly and thrust her sword down right into...

...the ground near Holly.

The fires disappeared and Haley came back to her senses.

"What did I...? What have I...?" She asked herself before running away from the fight and back towards the school building.

Holly was left on the floor crying as a small puddle formed underneath her.

"Lilly?" Holly quietly sobbed.

Kara watched as everything unfolded before her she saw as Haley awakened some sort of darkness. Within her and suddenly attacked Holly with out a care in the world she also listened to what she had said it seemed that she was sick of the way all three of them had been acting to her as of late. She was about to step into the battle to save Holly when it seemed that Haley came to her senses and then run off.

Kara was torn between what to do.

The teacher had watched everything and quickly ran up to Holly. "Are you ok?" She asked to Holly as she noticed the small puddle under her. "We best get you inside to the infirmary" She added and started to lead Holly towards the building.

It had been her fault that this change had come over Haley. She looked in the direction of which Haley had run off in. The very wind around her began to blow something heavy and Kara seemed to vanish amongist the wind right before she appeared right in front of Haley. Chanting softly to herself both her and Haley were engulfed within a simple white barrier that transported them to another area.

It looked just like where they currently were which was the school but if something were. To be destroyed here then nothing would happen in the real world.

"Haley listen I can understand how you currently feel you are hurt and feel betrayed at how we are all treating you. We don't want to hurt you and we are trying our best to teach you and help you grow stronger." Kara told her.

"But you must understand one thing this new power that you've awakened within yourself. Can only lead to pain and suffering if you let it go out of control. You need to learn to either lock it away or find a way to safely use it to protect those you care about" She added.

"I can help you through this if you let me I don't want to see you fall into darkness. Like I did so long ago when my mother was killed. Please let me help you?" Kara asked as she took a step forwards towards Haley.

Holly was still lying on the floor crying when she felt someone help her up. In a fit of panic, Holly fought against who was holding her and tried to get away.

"Let me go!" Holly screamed. "I want Lilly! I WANT LILLY!"

Holly continued to struggle against who was holding on to her as she wildly tried to seek safety from the only source she trusted.

Haley was running along through the school building crying her eyes out. Millions of questions buzzed through her head as she tried to make sense of everything that happened to her. She didn't know what to do. She dreaded to think what Lilly would make of it all. Would she disown her? Silence her? Or forgive her? She skidded to a halt when she saw Kara blocking the way. She was in no mood to listen to Kara.

"Go away!" She shouted at Kara. "Leave me alone! I want Lilly!"

The teacher had only been trying to help Holly. "Holly please calm down we will bring Lilly to you soon enough" The teacher said. She then let go of Holly and let her be.

This was all her fault that this happened she had tried to offer help but it seemed Haley didn't want it. "I want to help you please?" Kara asked. She wasn't about to let Haley out of her sight she knew that if Haley went out of control again someone would get hurt.

"You will see her again in time"

Holly went running off towards where she sense Lilly's presence. She didn't care where she was or what she was doing. She just wanted her. She didn't feel safe without her. Her clothes returned to normal and the sword left in the battle arena disappeared.

"Help me?!" Haley asked. "How can you help me?! GO AWAY!"

Haley summoned her sword, which was already starting to flare a little with the same inky black fires as before.

"Go away! Or I'll make you!" Haley threatened as she went into her fighting pose.

Kara listened to Haley and walked as she summoned her sword.

"I can help you because I I've been through this just as your going through it now. Please let me help you?" Kara asked in a kind tone.

She saw as Haley went into a fighting pose.

"You think you know me?!" Haley snapped at Kara. "Well, guess what, you DON'T! Just because Lilly says I'm predictable it doesn't mean I am! Lilly's just the same! She thinks she knows me when she doesn't. Holly's just as bad as well!"

Tears were starting to form in Haley's eyes as she continued her argument.

"Leave me alone! You don't know me! NOBODY knows me as well as I do! I know what I want, I know what I need and I KNOW WHAT I AM! You don't even know the first thing about me! Just because you've spent a lot of time with me it doesn't automatically make you understand me! QUIT ACTING LIKE YOU DO!"

The black fire around Haley's sword ignited into a blaze. It looked like the whole sword was literally forged from the flames. Her eyes didn't take on the previous deadened gaze, though. They were still as clear and focused as ever. She was giving in to the fires of rage burning inside her and igniting her blade. Without a second thought, she lunged straight at Kara.

"JUST DIE!" She screamed at Kara.

Kara listened to what Haley had to say to her. "I know how you are feeling right now." Kara replied quietly as she then heard Haley mention Lilly. But she said nothing about them to Haley at the moment.

She could see the tears that were coming down Haley's eyes.

"Is this truly what you want, no it isn't your just confused and yet you run to the one person who you think can help you. She isn't her this darkness within you I know about you've seen it. Fought against it remember. I may not know you all that well, but I do know about this fucking darkness inside of you. DAMN IT Haley please don't do this" Kara asked.

The fire around her blade increased. She saw Haley take on the same form she had taken against Holly.

Kara jumped out of the way of Haley's lunge as the darkness within Haley increased the barrier inside of Kara's mind was starting to weaken, Her head started to ache and she grasped her head with her hands.

"SHUT UP!" Haley shouted. "SHUT UP, SHUT UP, SHUT UP!"

Haley wasn't listening to a word Kara was saying. She saw her as nothing more than an obstacle preventing her from reaching her goal. She was expendable, much like a blade of grass in a field. Yet something within her prevented her from causing any real harm to Kara.

"Just go! I don't want to do this. I just want Lilly!" Haley cried. "You're forcing my hand. Move out the way before I have no other choice. I don't wanna hurt you. Lilly's the only one who can help me now."

Through the pain within her head Kara started to speak once again.

"Lilly's not here right now but I am, Haley I'm not trying to force anything out of you. I'm just trying to help you but that can only work if you allow me to. I'm not here to hurt you or harm you" Kara explained.

She held up her hands in a non threatening manner.

"They all say that!" Haley shouted back. The paranoia caused by her change was getting to her. "Only Lilly can help me now!"

"Kill her." A voice calmly instructed Haley. She'd heard that voice before. She knew who it was but she couldn't place their name. "She's nothing but an obstacle, right? You'd not care for a rock on the path before you kick it."

Haley was torn between listening to this familiar voice in her head or her own personal feelings. Was Kara actually trying to help her or was she just saying she would.

"What are you waiting for? She's prone. Look, she's even holding her hands up in surrender." The voice continued. Haley knew that voice at it was becoming clearer. She could almost place it. "Useless weakling! I'll do it myself then!"

Against her will, Haley dived towards Kara and went to strike her down. Haley's blade struck something but it didn't feel like it cut anything.

"Stop it!" Another voice instructed Haley. She knew this voice as well. She knew who it was. It was Lilly. "Fight it! Control your magic before it controls you!"

Through a blurry daze, Haley saw Lilly, fully dressed in her battle outfit, with a fire sword raised above her head to parry Haley's' own blade.

"First rule of controlling magic: Control your emotions!" Lilly told Haley. "Emotions are the root of our power. If we let them run rampant then our magic will as well."

"If she was here she could but she not yet I'm here instead" Kara told her. She remained for a short time where she was standing. She looked at Haley who seemed to confused about something.

"Please Haley don't listen to that voice all it wants to do is cause nothing but pain and suffering" Kara replied. She saw as Haley lunged at her once again. She was about to dodge it again as the blade came down. Then something appeared to block the downward strike.

Kara then heard Lilly's voice and saw as she appeared. Instead of saying anything Kara turned and walked away leaving Lilly with Haley instead.

"Stay here. She needs to know you're not a threat." Lilly told Kara as she saw she was about to walk off.

"Lilly?" Haley asked, not quite believing what she was seeing.

"Yes, it's me." Lilly said with a comforting smile. "You're just a little out of it at the moment. You just need to take some deep breaths."

"Lies!" The voice continued in Haley's mind. "She's trying to trick you! Strike her down as well!"

"But she's my sister." Haley responded mentally.

"Who's to say that she really is? She could just be created by magic to look like her."

Haley was still in conflict with herself. Lilly could see this and thought of a plan quickly.

"Haley, if you really want to, you can strike me down as well. I won't let you harm Kara. You've already hurt Holly and I don't want you to hurt other people." Lilly calmly stated to Haley.

"Are you mad at me?" Haley asked, showing some semblance to her normal self.

"A little, yes. You shouldn't be flaunting your magic like that. I thought you'd already learned how to control your magic and that's why I let you wield that blade."

"So you are mad at me?"

"More importantly, I'm just happy you've not hurt yourself in the process. You're going on a time out when you get in but, after that, I'll treat you to something nice."

Haley appeared to be calming down but something was still eating away at her as her blade's flame was not out yet. From the shadows in a corner away from the group, a pair of red eyes were locked onto Haley. They were unblinking and unflinching, like two red lights in the darkness. From their vantage point, the group would not be able to see these eyes but they could see the group.

"So, put your sword away and let's all kiss and make up." Lilly suggested with smile.

"You won't hurt me?" Haley asked.

"Why would I do that?"

The flames were dying and the red eyes weren't too pleased. They now took on an animal leer, like they were trying to intimidate something. The flames returned to nothing but cinders and the blade disappeared. They eyes were no longer watching, they disappeared like they were never there in the first place. Haley dropped to her knees and cried. Lilly went over to her and held her in a tight hug.

"There, there." Lilly comforted Haley. She then looked behind her at Holly and, if she was still there, Kara and indicated for them to come over. Holly was reluctant and refused to move from her spot but, eventually, she managed to sum up the courage to go over to Lilly. She had a huge bruise by her left eye and a small bandage covering the gash left behind from Haley's blade bash.

Kara stopped walking away when she heard Lilly speak to her. "I had everything under control" She told Lilly. Not really liking the fact that it seemed that Lilly was the one to reach Haley when Kara. Herself knew full well what Haley had been going through. She watched as both Haley and Lilly spoke to one another.

"I can damn well take care of myself" The voice in Kara's mind said. She said nothing only to see the blade and fire around it that Haley had been using vanish from sight. Also Holly had come over as well right as Haley dropped to her knees and started crying. Lilly went over and hugged her before after a short while Holly went and did so as well.

That left Kara alone she stood motionless for a short while watching as the other. Girls hugged Haley she walked over and joined them and gave Haley a tight hug but then a minute later. Let go over her she turned to Lilly. "I want to ask you something?" Kara asked.

"I would like to become Haley's teacher in the magical artes I would like to help her learn to control. The darkness within her as a means for good. I believe of she were to beable to use this power while in control she can become stronger." Kara told her.

She kneeled down next to Haley. "I want to help you through this as I know all about that sort of power. I know that it scares you and is hard to control but I would like to help you to overcome it and be the victor" Kara told Haley.

"Well, I think- " Lilly tried to say.

"I DON'T WANT IT!" Haley shouted out through tears. "I hate it! It made me hurt Holly, nearly hurt you and strike Lilly!"

"That's what I was about to say." Lilly pointlessly added on the end.

After hugging Haley, Holly hid behind Lilly again and refused to move. Haley terrified her now and she didn't want to get hurt again.

Haley was still far from being comforted but it'll have to do for now.

"I think it's best if we got her home soon." Lilly told Kara. "She's in no condition to do well in school at the moment and I'm pretty much stranded in a room for the day so I'll look after her."

Kara said nothing as she heard Haley shout that she didn't want any help. "Useless bitch be a slave to the darkness within you for the remainder of your days" The voice in Kara's mind said once again. She looked to Lilly "Forget it then" She replied in a normal tone there was anger building within her.

She looked over at Holly who was hiding behind Lilly. "What a wuss going to wet yourself in fear? going to hide behind your bitch of a sister for the rest of your life? What did I ever see in being your friend little cunt!" The voice spoke again.

Kara was the only one who heard the voice which was the darker part of her. She last looked back at Lilly. "Take them home it would be for the best and take care of them.' Kara told her.

"Am I a third wheel here they all go running to your little ass. I try and help but no one wants it no one fucking cares I understand better than anyone want Haley is going through yet not once did anyone ask for my help. Because they want your god damned help!" The dark voice spoke again.

As she was still shielded from the others she made the barrier which she had created. In case Haley went out of control vanish.

"I think we'd best all sleep in my room tonight. Holly's not going to want to be without me, Haley will probably be the same and we can't leave you alone, can we? It won't be fair on you." Lilly suggested.

She picked up Haley and held her in a cradle carry. Haley just held on tight to Lilly as Holly grabbed hold of Lilly's blouse and followed her along the hallway.

"You'd better get back to lessons, unless you want to spend some time in ISS. That's where I'm likely going to be stuck. I doubt they'll let me go home early." Lilly told Kara before she walked off.

She was still watching all three girls. "If that's the way you want it" Kara replied softly. Still doing her best to hide the raising anger within her, She started to walk away from Kara down the hallway with both girls.

"Don't worry about me take them home school doesn't matter at the moment if they are both scared" Kara said gently. She rose her hand into the air and ball it into a fist she felt like slamming it against the wall but. Instead gripped her nails into her hand extra hard until she drew blood.

Kara turned away from the and headed back in the oppisite direction. Until she was out of sight of Lilly and the twins she had arrived outside. Then suddenly slammed his fist into the ground not once bit twice forming a small tiny crater.

"All, the damn same" She snapped. Before walking off and vanishing in a haze of wind.

Thankfully, Lilly managed to talk her way out of her imprisonment and delay it a further day. Just looking at her terrified sisters was enough to earn her a day's probation. That, accompanied with the fact that both girls would be home alone unless Lilly went along with them, was all that was needed before she could leave. She thanked the teacher in charge and headed off home.

Kara was still on the campus so she had lunch right now. Yet she wasn't really hungry and didn't want to be around anyone she was to angry for that. So instead she just walked over to the edge of the field and sat down on the grass with her back against the fench. As she looked at the school thoughts of the others went through her head.

"No one cares, no one does its all them right now because of all that's happened"

Twenty minutes after leaving school, Lilly stopped by the ice cream parlour she visited a little while ago to try and clam her sisters down with a cold treat. Haley appeared to cheer up a little but Holly was still clinging to Lilly all the time. She refused to look at Haley for fear of her attacking her again. She even refused to go toilet with Haley and insisted that Lilly came along with her instead. It would appear that Holly was scarred quite badly from this whole ordeal. It'll probably take a long while before she's comfortable around Haley.

Still feeling like she was nothing of a third wheel after everything that had happened. Since she was still to blame for Haley going dark after having rigged the fight in her favour. She closed her eyes and felt out for the others. She found them after a short time since she located Haley's magical helix. They wouldn't tell it was since Kara was still shielded from being dected by anything.

"Little pain" She thought.

He eyes grew dark and something unseen slapped Haley rather hard across the face.

At the moment in time in which Kara had sent something to slap Haley, Lilly and Holly were in the toilets. Lilly was running the dryer for Holly while she was using the toilet. Haley yelped in pain and instantly brought a hand up to cradle where she'd been hit rather hard. It felt like someone had brought a frozen tuna and slapped her dead in the face with it. Tears started to form in her eyes as she rubbed her red cheek.

Lilly and Holly left the toilets and noticed that Haley looked like she'd been hurt with something.

"What happened?" Lilly asked Haley.

"Something slapped me hard on my cheek." Haley explained, her words half choked by tears.

"What was it?"

"I don't know. One minute I was sitting here waiting and the next - BLAM! - something hit my face."

Lilly was a little confused by Haley explanation and then something dawned on her. Whenever inexplicable things happened to either her or the girls, the wind was normally involved. Putting two and two together, Lilly concluded that Kara was a potential suspect for everything now.

"Kara." Lilly growled through gritted teeth. What she did to Haley was unforgivable. She'd already been through enough today so why add insult to injury and slap her in the face?

It seemed that they had found her out. Even though she was shielded she just didn't care anymore. She just didn't care let them know it was who who cared.

The barrier in Kara's mind came crashing down as she fully gave into the darkness that she had been feeling. "I hate you all go die DAMN IT!" Kara raged as the a light above the three shattered. Sending glass raining down upon them or at them at least.

"They never cared no one ever cares" She floated into the air and headed towards her own home.

Lilly could see the light flickering and she could also sense strong magic in use. She quickly grabbed both girls and placed her body above them before activating her shield and blocking the explosion of the light.

"What's happening?" Holly asked in terror.

"I knew it!" Lilly angrily stated. "Kara's been playing us all along! It was all nothing more than a fabricated lie!"

Lilly was starting to see a plan forming in her mind. Kara had agreed with her father that he'll act to kick her out of the house and make Lilly take care of her. Kara was then acting as a mole between the works and sending information back to Kale about Lilly and her sisters. It was all nothing more than a ploy to discover Lilly's weakness and cause the Sera family to collapse so Kale could rule the town.

"That bitch!" Lilly shouted. She then changed into her battle outfit and followed Kara's magical signature. "Stay here!" She called back to her sisters. She then looked over at the store manager. "Look after them, please." The store manager nodded in shock and Lilly set off towards the school.

The glass just fell upon Lilly it didn't really harm her. Yet it wanted to yet something seemed to hold it back.

Kara had finally arrived at her own house. Which was still surrounded by all the newa vans from this morning. As she landed on the ground she looked around in confusion, "What's going on?" Kara asked. One of the news reportors saw Kara and ran up to her.

"Is it true did your father truly drug and force Marie Sera to have sexual intercourse with him?" The reporter asked. Kara was taken aback by this as this was the first time she heard this.

"N-No by father wouldn't do anything like that" Kara told him.

"Yet we have proof a taped confession from Ms Marie Sera herself saying everything was true" He spoke again.

"I told you my father would never do such a thing" Kara snapped the wind raged around her and lashed out at the man knocking him to the ground.

Anothe reporter and a camera man were filming everything that was going on.

"We are reporting live at the Ravenclaw Estate it would seem the Kale Ravenclaw's daughter Kara Ravenclaw has just attacked one of our reporters with what appeared to be something strange"

While running to where she sensed the signal from, Lilly heard a new report. It appeared that her mother had done something to upset the Ravenclaws as news vans were outside their house. She also hear, and saw, Kara attack a reporter.

"Running home to your Daddy, huh?" Lilly taunted. "Too weak to face me yourself? Are you terrified?"

What a joke.

Lilly quickly turned tail and used the building to her advantage. She wall hiked her way up to the roof of a building from a nearby alleyway and free-ran her way across the rooftops towards the bridge. She'd not try her luck with the road considering what happened last time.

Kara was trembling with rage as she heard the other reporters. Speaking she just couldn't take it anymore. "Enough" Kara screamed. The wind lashed out around her striking the ground just inches from the other reporters.

"What is going on it seems like the wind has suddenly grown stronger for weird reasons we can't explain" One of the reporters said, As they turned their cameras on Kara once again and moved from behind their vans.

She had heard what Lilly did but ignored it. She was to busy raging out. the barrier in her mind shattering piece by piece,

"I told you all my father would never force himself upon anyone let alone drug them" She roared. She took steps forward her hair dancing in the wind. Yet could what they have been said been the truth or a lie could the Sera's have done something to ruin. Her father's image and hers as well?

"Y-You were using me?" Kara asked herself. "I will not be treated like a full" Kara screamed. The wind around her raged out of control.

Lilly had reached the bridge by now when she could sense some magic entering her space. She wondered if Yukina was still playing puppet for Kara's father. To her surprise, Haley and Holly teleported in.

"I told you to stay at the store!" She scolded her sisters.

"You can't do this alone." Holly answered. "Kara's given in to her power again. I can sense it."

Haley said nothing as she toyed with something in her hand. It looked, at first, like a black necklace. Lilly knew that Haley wasn't one for jewellery so where did she get it from? She couldn't see what was on the necklace, she could only see the chain.

"It's too dangerous. Go back." Lilly continued.

"No." Holly replied. "I won't. Three on one is fair when powers like Kara's are awakened."

Seeing that it was useless arguing, Lilly set off again towards the Ravenclaw mansion. She'll settle the score despite the extra two people.

Kara grabbed her head in pain as she screamed and lashed out with the wind. The reporters were back to hiding behind their vans once again. Yet a few were still filming her Kara's clothes seemed to change into her battle outfit. She cried out once again in pain and dropped to her knees she looked around. She then felt as Lilly was drawing closer and it appeared to her that both Haley and Holly had decided to join her.

"They want to finish me off?" Kara said to herself.

"It appears that Kara's clothes have changed she seems to be wearing a new outfit which had appeared out of no where how do you explain this Kara?" The same reporter asked again.

"Leave me ALONE!" Kara screamed she thrust a hand at the reporter. He was lifted off the ground and screamed in fear before numerous wind blades sliced into him. Ripping him apart in a spray of blood and entrails.

Lilly could see the Ravenclaw mansion no further than a few hundred feet away from her. She saw the multitude of news vans with some sort of rub substance on them. Paint, maybe? Why would anyone want to throw paint on a news van? She was then hit by the truth of the matter. She knew who had done this due to the excess wind level in the area. Kara had broken the cardinal rule of Lilly's creed: Never harm a civilian. The way Lilly saw it, the blood price had to be paid by none other than Kara herself.

Lilly easily jumped the walls and started off down the driveway towards the main courtyard. She'd have to call upon something she didn't want to but she had no choice in this fight. She summoned up her 'gift' from Chanki. A jagged sword appeared in her hand.

The sword itself was around three feet long, like a normal shortsword. The hilt of the blade was fashioned into the shape of two black and red bat wings. The centre of the hilt, just before the blade itself, had a ruby encrusted into it. The ruby had a black vein through the middle of it, like a slitted eye. The blade itself started out jagged before turning into a cruel ripping machete-like curve. If this sword was thrust into a person and then turned, when it was pulled out it was likely to gut its victim. The blade itself had red flame like patters criss-crossing across the white metal of the blade. The handle was leather bound but it seemed to emit a power of its own. This sword was enchanted with a special enhancement to prevent it from being disarmed or shattered. The pommel of the sword was a rose quartz gem and, from this pommel, hung a pure white chain which was around three inches long. At the end of the chain was a piece of white metal shaped into a lily.

Lilly arrived at the centre of the carnage moments later.

As she looked at the blood upon the ground memeories of her mothers death came flooding back to her. She could clearly see herself standing next to the body of her mouth crying and shaking her, "Mommy please wake up" Kara cried as she shaked her mom. But her mom didn't move a muscle. Kara screamed out in fear. "No, No, NOOOOOO!" Kara cried. She was starting to shake alot now in fear and anger.

She turned around only to see that Lilly had appeared. she stood in the center of the carange the news reporters. turned their camera towards Lilly. "It seems someone new has arrived just who could this person me she seems to be holding so sort of sword in her hands." The reporter said.

"You!" Kara snapped the barrier in her mind fully destroyed and the darkness within her was seeping. Out of her in black waves of power. "Y-you pretended to be my friend just so you could use me and gather dirt on me so your mother could form either a lie or the truth of my father sleeping with her after drugging her?" Kara told Lilly.

"Its lies all lies" Kara shrieked.

Kale had been watching everything from the second storey window.He muttered something and the camera lens shattered before the reporters seemedto fall asleep. Next both Kara and Lilly were taken to a pocket dimension.

Lilly was used to using dual blades so she quickly made one with magic before leaping over a news van and standing in the blood soaked courtyard.

"You do the same!" Lilly shouted back. "You played with mine and my sisters' feelings before crushing us with your lies and deceit! You've no right to live! You've killed an innocent this day and that's an unforgivable sin! Burn in the hells your worship so dearly, demon spawn!"

Lilly and Kara were taken to a pocket dimension by some unseen force. Lilly could also sense Haley and Holly's presence in this space as well yet there were still a little ways away. They should reach the pair soon.

Lilly lunged for Kara with her 'gift' held high as she spun in a full swing towards Kara.

Kara saw as Lilly seemed to form a dual blade in her hand. She leaped up over a news van and came right at her.

"You never cared about me at all. You only used to me to get close to me so what you could kill me at a later date. I told you my true feelings and you didn't care. No ones cares about me I hate you I HATE YOU!!!!!!!" Kara roared.

As Lilly lunged towards Kara her blade slammed into a unseen things with a lound clang. Suddenly a shape began to form and Kara took hold of the weapon. It is a double-edged blade nearly as long as a draich, slightly wider at the point than at the hilt to give the weapon extra to cut with. Its blade was sheathed in a scabbard of black lacquered bone, chased with gold and ornamented with fiery rubies. The weapon's hilt was long and slim, built for two hands and wrapped with dark leather. A large cabochon ruby, like a dragon's eye, gleamed at the point where hilt met blade. It glimmered with power, radiating from the entire blade in waves of invisible heat. The blade has a black finish its edge shone like fire in the gloom.

Kara pulled the blade from its sheath and then swung it at Lilly.

Kara appeared to be misguided. It was her that tricked Lilly and tried to get close to her so she could kill her at a later date. She never cared about Lilly or her sisters.

Lilly was knocked back by the impact against an unseen object which took on the form of a two hander sword. They hit hard but they were really slow and hefty so Lilly's speed could beat her.

Haley and Holly arrived on the battlefield. They both drew their blades.

"How dare you hurt Lilly and me!" Haley shouted at Kara. "You're no friend of ours now! Die!"

"You tricked us so you could kill us?! You don't deserve to live!" Holly shouted at Kara.

"If I have to give myself away to save Lilly, I'll do it!" Haley announced as black fire coursed across her blade. She had the same look as she did back at the school when she went to strike Kara. One thing was different, though. Black back wings appeared in her back and a demon tial replaced her tiger one.

"Don't do it!" Lilly scolded Haley. "Don't become a monster to defeat one!"

"It's my choice!" Haley shot back.

"If I must do the same, then so be it." Holly resolved as she gave in to her power. Unlike Haley, a pure white light covered her blade. The light shone like the sun but it could be looked at without pain. White wings appeared on her back and her blade's wings extended further as well. She looked every bit the angel Lilly saw her as.

"You two, this is too dangerous!" Lilly argued.

"We won't let you face her alone. You have our support. We are one entity. We came from you, remember? Chanki used an ounce of your life force to give us life." Holly told Lilly with a smile. "Please, let us do this."

Kara charged towards Lilly once again and was again about to swing her blade at Lilly. She stopped once she saw as Haley and Holly appeared. She looked at them and just smiled and turned to face them.

"You join her, you join her!" Kara shouted. She watched as Haley changed back into the same form as she had been back at school yet this time she had black wings. She looked to Holly who had white white wings. And her own blade in her hand.

"This is how it is all three of you wish to kill me?" Kara asked. She looked at Haley and laughed and then charged at her, Kara's speed seemed to increase as she was using the wind to increase her movements. "You think that this darkness you control can defeat mine you will never understand what I went through." Kara roared.

She swung her blade as Haley's right and then at her left in a downward swing. Kara then pointed a left hand at Holly. "Teleportation" Kara cast if the spell work on Holly she would be cast to the other side of town. Leaving just Kara to face Haley and Lilly for the time being. She then looked back at Lilly and knew what to do.

"Clap of Thunder" Kara cast. Several bolts of lightning were cast down from the sky at Lilly. Kara did this because she remembered that Lilly was scared of this.

Kale just stood with his arms behind his back. Watching everything unfold before him and smiled everything was working out according to plan. With the magical energy being given off by all the girls. He would soon have enough energy needed to awaken her.

In the centre of town behind the streets. Atop a altar lay a young girl of about 12 years of age she was completely naked and seemed to be asleep. The girl had long black hair with green highlights and small round breasts with cute pointy nipples.

Haley's speed matched that of Kara's. She easily managed to evade the blows. She also managed to catch a swing or two at Kara's sides.

"When I'm fighting with Lilly and Holly, I know I can beat you." Haley calmly answered. "You're nothing compared to our combined power. Holly's kindness and intelligence, Lilly's calm and caring nature and my speed and will."

"Counterspell." Holly quickly cast. The spell turned on Kara and hit her with an arcane blade. "You'll need to do better than that. Spellshield!" Holly cast. A white aura enveloped each girl and would block the next harmful spell used against them

"Not going to work!" Lilly ignored the lightening and continued fighting. "When I'm with these two, my own fears don't matter any more." Lilly was still a little sacred by the lightening but she had something to protect so she couldn't clam up like she normally would. "Being demon spawn you wouldn't understand love! The only thing you know is hatred and fear. You can't even fight fair!"

Lilly flashed above Kara, Holly flashed to her left and Haley to her right.

"Let's go, girls!" Lilly told the pair.

"Eclipse!" All three girls shouted in unison.

A huge moon appeared beneath Kara. The moon was full and bright before a dark shadow crept across it. The shadow appeared to envelop the whole moon but some light still shone through it. The whole battlefield was enveloped in a magical darkness which could not be penetrated. Blows rained down from each side of Kara from each of the girl's blades. There were around 100 strikes in total. The darkness shattered and a blinding white light shone forth from the moon beneath Kara onto the three girls above her. Haley swooped down first and slashed at Kara's right, Holly followed along afterwards and slashed at Kara's left before Lilly came hurtling down towards Kara in a downward thrust.

Kara was slightly surprised tp see that Haley's speed was matching her own. She jumped back just in case Haley tried anything against her. She listened as Haley spoke but said nothing then looked over at Holly who to still be around as her spell had no effect upon her. "Damn it" Kara muttered to herself.

It seemed that all three girls flashed above her. With a quick look down she saw a huge moom appear under her not knowing what it was. Kara soon saw a shadow form and then felt as several blades struck her body. Cutting deep into her cuts appeared on her arms face and neck and body. She screamed out in pain. As blood splashed upon the ground Kara lashed out with hurricane force winds to blow back the trio. These winds blew over 200 mph yet Kara felt more of the blades strike her body.

"You will never understand what I went through you will never know the loss I felt. You will never understand me!" Kara cried.

More and more energy seemed to be drawn towards the figure on the altar.

"Unlike you, we don't pretend to know!" Haley answered.

"You've been through a lot but so have I!" Lilly replied.

"We all have! Unlike you, Haley and I have died!" Holly shouted back.

"Dark Impulse!" Haley cast. A huge ball of darkness shot towards Kara before Haley flashed behind her and slashed at her.

"Blade Ray!" Holly cast. A arc of light shot forth from her blade when she slashed towards Kara. She did two more slashes and two more arcs shot towards Kara as well.

"Purgatory!" Lilly shouted. Her blade flared to life and cloaked itself in twin streams of black and white flames moving in a double helix pattern. Two wings sprouted from Lilly's back. One was an angel wing, like Holly's, which appeared on her left hand side and one was a bat wing, like Haley's, which appeared on her right hand side. "Twilight fades!" Lilly shouted as she disappeared from view. She slashed at Kara's left before quickly moving to her right and slashing again. She then barraged three more blows at Kara before reappearing and blasting her with a black and white flame sphere.

Kara dived to the side to avoid the ball of darkness but felt as Haley's blade cut across her back. Drawing blood she turned around. Pointing her hand at Haley she sent one of the hurricane force winds at her.

She turned around she brought her blade forward and blocked both of Holly's swings barely but was hit back the arc of light. She sent numerous blades of wind at Holly.

Kara turned to face Lilly who had two wings who looked like two wings that one looked like Holly's the next looked like Haley's She then dodged both of Lilly's attack. She had barely anytime to block the next three attacks when she was engulfed in a flaming sphere Kara screamed in pain as she was bathed in the flames. The flames burned her cuts and body until she fell to the ground in a pool of blood.

The energy being gathered was finally enough. Kale had been gathering magical power from various locations around the town in order to awaken her. It was a rather slow process but with the powers of Kara and the Sera's working it seemed that her awakening was drawing nearer and nearer until finally she awoke.

Her eyes seemed to suddenly snap open to reveal a single red eye followed by a golden one. She slowly sat up right upon the altar he long black hair with green highlights falling around her young but beautiful frame. She had lovely a-cup breasts with cute pink nipples that were just begging to be touched and licked. As she looked around the room green touches seemed to light up around her as four large statues each being a statue of one of the familiars of the elements.

She swung her legs around and they parted a tiny bit to reveal a pink hairless mound. And a small pink opening of her peach could clearly be seen. She got to her feet and started to walk around the small stone room. She looked down at herself and wondered what was going on? She felt power being magical transfered to her from someplace far yet it seemed really close by. She looked around the area once more there appeared to be no doors or anything else.

Suddenly she is bathed in green fire and she is soon wearing a black and green bikini outfit and a set of purple-and-cream plated armor which adorned her shoulders and waist. Her hair is tied back using a butterfly-shaped hair accessory and a pair of gauntlets which have petal-like cuffs, both sharing the same color scheme as her attire, and wears a pair of armored boots.

She looks around again and then feels a sharp pain in her head. As old memories seemed to flood into her mind. Memories of a long forgotten childhood where she spent time with her sister and mother along with her father. She looked over to her sister who had long hair with long pink locks who was smiling at her. "I love you Marici" She said with a gentle tone. Marici could that be her real name she still couldn't remember it clearly. She saw more images yet that were blurred though she heard a name. The name she heard was 'Kara' yet she couldn't place who that name belonged to.

Could it be the person in her vision who said she loved her. She saw this person named Kara again as they were hugging each other it appeared the time was christmas she Marici had just opened her present which was a small heart shape onyx. She looked into Kara's eyes and smiled and hugged her crying tears of joy.

"I love you Kara so much" Marici cried.

"K-Kara?" Marici said. She felt another sharp pain as she saw Kara laying in a pool of her own blood. She seemed to be surrounded by what appeeared three young female girls. Each holding a sword pointed at her throat. The vision the fadded.

"Kara!" Marici screamed. Her powers seemed to awaken fully and she was engulfed in green flames she vanished from sight. Only to reappear in the middle of the battle field. She looked upon all three girls. With a look of pure hatred.

"You harmed Kara, You harmed KARA!!" Marici screamed.

Green divine flames surrounded her body. The flames burned wildly and Marici screamed out in rage at them.

"YOU HARMED MY SISTER!!" Marici screamed.

The blows from Kara were glancing at best. Due to Holly's Spellshield, Haley managed to avoid the whirlwind sent by Kara. Holly was too far away for Kara to get a clean shot at her so the attack missed.

Kara was on the floor after the attacks and the three girls were all looking at their ex-friend lying in a pool of her own blood.

"Let her bleed out." Lilly said to her sisters. "She doesn't deserve a quick death."

The were about to leave when both Lilly and Holly felt an extreme magic power which they did not recognise enter the space. A young girl appeared half clad in what looked like a glorified swimsuit.

"I'd advise you to leave before you're sent the same way as her." Lilly told the new figure.

The new combatant screamed in a fit of rage as magic green fire cloaked her.

"Sister?" All three girls asked. They thought Kara was an only child.

"You want to go the same way?" Lilly asked. "Be my guest!"

Marici walked over to Kara she knelt down and ran her fingers across Kara's forehead. Green flames formed around Kara and she was taken away from the fight. She then turned and looked back at the three girls. She walked over and picked up the blade from the ground and held it in her hand.

'You" She spoke. Pointing at Lilly with her blade.

"Will suffer!" Marici yelled. She was engulfed in flames and rushed at Lilly. Then swung her blade at her chest and then at her arms. She jumped backwards stabbed the sword into the ground. then started moving her hands around in complex patterns.

Pillars of fire shot up around. Lilly before they shot down at her.

"Oh really." Lilly chuckled as she avoided the slashes. The speed was immense in comparison to the size of the blade she was using. "You seem to fail to realise something," Lilly continued as the pillars of flame shot towards her. With a flick of her wrist she had complete control of them and sent them back at the new foe. "I control fire. Why do you think I'm called 'White Flame'?"

Lilly lunged for the new girl and did three quick strikes with each blade.

"You're a joke if you think fire can harm me." Lilly laughed.

Holly and Haley watched the fight. They weren't about to take part unless they were requested. The girl seemed to focus on only Lilly so the two felt a little obsolete there.

"Thanks for letting me know" Marici spoke out. She brought her sword up and blocked the six strikes of each blade. Her sword seemed to move on its own to block the attacks. She then looked at the other two girls.

"Fear" Marici cast on Holly. Increases the feelings of fear in a target, putting them into such a cowardly state that even the heartiest of warriors scream like little girls at the sight of their own shadow.

She then looked at Haley. "Betrayal" Marici cast Focuses the target's force of hatred on a second target of the caster's choosing. Which Marici choose as Lilly. Pending on the proneness to violence of the target and his/her already present hatred, this may or may not be an effective spell. Though it is a wonderful tool for breaking up an enemy group.

She looked back at Lilly. "Fires of Passion" Marici cast. Directs blood in the body to concentrate itself around the facial area of a person, causing him or her to blush profoundly.

Her left hand began to glow with power. She pointed it at them soon each of the girls bodies started to feel like giant weights were attached to their bodies. Dragging them down to the ground or like something was crushing them,

Holly still had her spellshield up so the fear attack didn't even touch her. Haley bared no hatred toward Lilly, in fact, she loved her so much she'd never harm her so the betrayal didn't work. Lilly was immune to the blush attack as she didn't even think about it so, even if her face did turn red, she'd pay no heed to it..

"Debuff mage, huh?" Holly concluded when she sensed all of the spells go off. "Kinda weak unless she's with someone else. Really weak against me." She chuckled. "Righteous Wrath."

Righteous Wrath fills all allies with a single purpose, to extinguish their enemies. This improved bonding allows no dispute between the allies and they're course is set. They gain immunity to fear, charm and any mind controlling effects. They also have improved Morale against any debilitating magic so they are less likely to be affected by it. They also have improved combat potential.

All the girls sensed the weighty magic going off but, due to Holly's assistance, they were affected by it only a little. They felt a little less mobile but nothing to lower their potential.

"Nice magic blade, wanna see what I can do?" Lilly asked. She let go of Purgatory, her gift blade, and created another magic sword. Purgatory floated around Lilly and awaited instructions. "All yours, my pet."

Purgatory was left to its own devices and created a plume of black and white flame to shoot up beneath Lilly's enemy.

"You've got no sense of pride. You haven't even introduced yourself and you're whacking us around." Lilly complained. "I'm Lilly Sera, also know as 'White flame'."

"I'm her sister, Holly. I've yet to be bestowed a title but it's a please to beat you, uh, I mean, meet you." Holly greeted her opponent.

"I'm her other sister, Haley. I've also got no title but I'm happy to beat you up for one." Haley grinned.

Seemed that none of her spells were effecting the others. As they were meant to cause confusion in the enemy Marici then pointed her blade at the sky. As she saw Lilly create another sword and her other one floated around. The black and white flame that shot up underneath her didn't harm her at all.

"Pathetic" Marici said.

"Rea Bard" Marici cast. A giant metal vessel symbol appears in the air above her. The symbol starts to be covered in a dark aura until it completely overcomes the symbol. When the symbol is completely covered, a hundred of dark colored swords rain down from the sky, towards all three girls.

She heard all three girls introduce themselves to her.

"My name is Marici Ravenclaw also known as Hien or 'Eternal Flame'

Lilly saw as her sword's spell had no effect on their enemy.

"Thought that might be the way." Lilly said to herself. "Fire's useless. It's either physical or anything else." She told the girls.

Their opponent cast a spell which created some sort of symbol which shot off towards the sky before being covered with darkness and raining down a multitude of swords.

"Barrier!" Holly quickly cast. A huge white sphere appeared above the group and blocked most of the swords. Only ten fell through. Seven missed and three scathed each girl.

"Another fire user?" Lilly asked. "Why are we even fighting each other then? We can't harm one another so just give up."

"So. Holly here is there defensive magic user" Marici whispered to herself. As she saw Holly cast a barrier around each girl. She watched her carefully and then turned back to Lilly when she spoke to her.

"You already know the answer to that question" Marici replied. "Kuzuryuujin" Marici cast she drives her blade into the ground and generates nine fiery dragons that she sends at her target. Which just happened to be Holly.

Once again her left hand glowed with mystic magic."Gravity push" Marici cast thrusts her left hand, palm facing forward, at their opponent, propelling them quickly away from their person with amplified gravity. Her latest attack was also cast upon Holly.

Seeing almost all the focus turning to Holly, Lilly quickly changed strategy. She sent her blade to guard Holly, the blade absorbed three of the fire dragons. The other six all hit Holly and she was practically wiped out in seconds.The other attack missed because of this. The sword then sent a plume of light towards Holly, which then restored vitality to her so she was back in the fight.

"Haley, you focus on taking her out, I'll guard Holly." Lilly told Haley. "If any fire magic's aimed at you, send it my way."

"Got it." Haley agreed with a nod.

"Being singed isn't good." Holly said to herself as she quickly pushed herself up from the floor.

Haley fled behind Lilly and held her action for this turn.

"Wing shield." Lilly cast. Her wings extended and wrapped themselves around the girls preventing the next harmful attack sent at them.

Marici smiled as she saw how effective her attack was upon Holly who seemed to be knocked out. By the attack yet it seemed she got back into the fight after having some sort of spell cast upon her.

Seeing as how Lilly brought her wings around each of the girls to protect them. Marici decided to try something else. "Boiling Blood" Marici cast upon herself As the name already implies, Boiling Blood causes the target's blood to rise in temperature, thus filling the muscles of a person with fresh energies and making e.g. a worker or a fighter stronger and faster for a short period of time.

She knew of another attack that could work but held her ground this turn.

Lilly's wings retracted back to her and she was back into the fight.

Considering Haley held her action, she now got two attacks in.

"Wingblade." Haley cast and her blade appeared again. "Double Team." Haley cast again and ten copies appeared around Marici. "Who's the real one?" She taunted Marici. The voice came from all copies.

"Bravery." Holly cast on Haley. This spell improves the target's valour and makes each attack deal more damage.

"Strength Siphon!" Lilly cast on Marici. This spell siphons a target's physical strength to another target of the caster's choice. Lilly chose to siphon the power to Haley, should the spell hit.

The spells all looked like they hit each copy of Haley.

Marici still knew what to do she looked at Lilly. "Soul Burn" Marici cast on her. By increasing the force of traumatic events upon an individual, this spell can cause matters of hatred, betrayal, and the death of a loved one become more powerful. She wanted to increase Lilly's hatred and betrayal of Kara to new heights so that she might mess and go a little crazy.

She then turned to Holly. "Hand of Love" Marici cast. Directs the feeling of love towards a desired entity which Marici choose as Lilly and focusing their feelings of lust so that the target normally starts an endless pursuit of their affection.

Last she turned to Haley who created ten copies of herself. She looked around at the ten copies she then felt the spell Lilly cast upon her. She felt her strength start to drain slightly but it wasn't enough to matter. "Heat Sight" Marici cast on the Haley in front of her. The target sees everything as if it were masked by the heat ripples of fire, thus causing her to miss seeing any details of importance, and somewhat blurring everything around her together, all but blinding her in the fact that she cant make anything out.

Lilly managed to brush the effects of the spell away due to Holly's buff. Any mind affecting spells won't hit her. The same applied to the other two girls as well due to the Righteous Wrath Buff.

Haley shot forward three blades from her Wingblades. Each copy shot forth three blades so there was a total of 33 blades shooting towards Marici but only three could damage her, if she failed to avoid the real Haley's bolts.

"Shall we?" Lilly asked with a smile. Each girl blinked to above Marici.

"Eclipse!"

A huge moon appeared beneath Marici. The moon was full and bright before a dark shadow crept across it. The shadow appeared to envelop the whole moon but some light still shone through it. The whole battlefield was enveloped in a magical darkness which could not be penetrated. Blows rained down from each side of Marici from each of the girl's blades. There were around 100 strikes in total. The darkness shattered and a blinding white light shone forth from the moon beneath Marici onto the three girls above her. Haley swooped down first and slashed at Marici's right, Holly followed along afterwards and slashed at Marici's left before Lilly came hurtling down towards Marici in a downward thrust.

Again her mind attacks didn't work this was getting annoying on her part. She saw as Haley created what appeared to be 33 blades each one came flying at her. Marici summoned up her next attack as she felt one of the blades slice across her face. "Omega Burst" Marici cast A huge burst of flaming energy is released from the ground and then surrounds everything around it. Blocking the rest of the attacks from harming her.

The flames died down and she felt the area around her become surrounded by shadows. Next more blades started to strike her body creating numerous cuts upon her body. "Tyrant Rave" Marici gathers her energy into her left fist, then punches forward with a huge ball of flames; immediately she uses her sword to slash the flaming ball, causing it to expand in front of her in a monstrous fireshield.

That protected her from harm from the rest of the attacks as only 20 sword strikes got through. The fire shield died down once again. Numerious cuts were on her body and she looked at Holly once again. "Gravity Push" Marici cast again on Holly hoping to lift her off the ground and toss her through the air.

Feel the flames of Sryha Her sword itself remains the same, but gains a crescent-shaped blade attached to the hilt by a chain. Her slashes create an immense amount of fire which overflows from the tip of the blade, creating a flow of fire shaped like a Chinese dragon. The dragon flies at opponents and instantly burns anything it touches. Which she also sent at Holly as well.

The fire shield didn't harm either of the girls as they were protected by the forces created from the Eclipse attack.

Holly was lifted off the ground and thrown through the air but she managed to use the wind currents to right herself and regain her balance. She flew back into the fight.

Purgatory dived in front of Holly and hungrily absorbed the flames created from the dragon. Three ticks were absorbed and Holly was left unscathed. Purgatory turned towards Marici and blasted out a plume of darkfire towards her. Darkfire acts like normal fire except it does not share the same properties as it. Purgatory's fire plume was channelled onto Marici now and will follow her until the flames die.

"Fire's useless!" Lilly taunted Marici. "Why do you think I'm not bothering to waste the effort. Purgatory's got it all covered."

Haley sent three more wingblades towards Marici and her copies did the same. 33 more blades shot towards her.

"Haste." Holly cast on Haley. This allows Haley to perform two combat actions until it fades.

"Burning Rage." Lilly cast on Haley. This spell causes the target to attack in a frenzy. They cannot cast magic and will only seek to kill until the effect wears off. They will also be less likely to evade attacks but they cannot be knocked out until the spell ends due to their own bloodlust.

Marici dodged out of the way of the darkfire. She then saw as Holly floated to the ground and was left unharmed by her attack. "Gravity Increase" Marici shouted. She pointed both hands at Holly soon the area around Holly began to feel heavy. While she hearself could move freely Marici cast the spell on her wings. Making them feel like 500 pounds were attached to both wings. "Sword Rain" Marici teleports high into the air. From her vantage point, she summons a circle of glowing swords which dangle above Hollys head. After a little while, they rain down upon the her.

It seemed that more of the darkfire was following her she moved away yet again. Another 33 blades came at her Marici summoned another fire shield to protect herself. 4 blades sliced into her skin but the others missed. Once done the shield spread out and shot fire to three of the Haley's that were behind her.

Getting wise to the constant barrage against Holly, Lilly quickly cast a protective spell over her. Holly's previous buff, Righteous Wrath, allowed her to mostly block the weight added to her wings. She could still move but she'd be a little slower.

"Flame Sphere." Lilly cast over Holly. A protective flame wrapped itself around her and blocked to swords. Lilly then moved Holly to the rear of the group and a bit closer to Lilly.

Three of the Haley copies burst into flames and shattered into an array of ashes. Seven remained.

Due to Holly's buff, Haley's strategy changed a little. She started to summon a planar guardian to assist the group. This would normally take longer but, due to Haste, it happened in the same turn.

"Come forth, Siren!" Haley summoned.

From behind a blue gate, a mermaid appeared with a teal trident in her hands.

"Tidal wave!" Haley instructed Siren. A huge wave of water spanning around 10ft wide and 5ft tall dashed towards Marici.

Marici turned her attention from Holly towards Haley who had summoned forth a mermaid with a teal trident, As huge tidal wave came surging towards Marici. "Gravity Wall" Marici cast she placed her hands upon the ground and a forceful wall of gravity appeared before her. Blocking most of the wave as it splashed down upon her. Leaving her mostly unharmed though wet.

She looked at Haley and smiled as a plan formed in her head. Since she summoned forth the Siren she must be the real one. As none of the other copies did anything at the moment. Marici cast Soul Burn onto Haley which she decided to focus on the hatred and betrayal she felt against Kara for causing her harm,

Next Marici cast Betrayal on Haley as well to further increase her hatred of Kara. She choose Lilly to be that target. As she wanted Haley to attack Lilly. "Burning Hatred" Marici cast on Haley. This spell creates feelings of mindless hatred within a target, causing her to develop a bitter disliking of Kara. Last she cast "Pain's Advocate" on Haley, Curses a person to develop an urge to destroy, and causes the target to go out on a suicidal rampage with an intent to do harm.

With all four spells cast on Haley whom Marici hoped her hatred for Kara would blind her to reason. And cause her to attack her.

"Waning" Marici cast on Holly. Saps the inner fire of any living being and transfers it to the caster, causing them to start becoming tired and sleep and even resulting in death when casted long enough. In turn it restores the caster's strength.

For a moment, Marici's spells actually worked on Haley, until she instructed her to harm Lilly. After that, the spell's effect wore out as Haley would never do anything like that. Expecting another mind assault, Haley steeled her mind to block any more influences.

"You can't set us against each other!" Haley shouted to Marici. "I don't need these any more!"

Haley dismissed her copies so only she was the target.

"If you wanna harm me, then come one!" Haley taunted Marici. "Siren, do your thing!"

Siren was left to her own devices. She conjured up a bubble of water and shot it towards Marici. If this attack hit, Marici would likely be entrapped in the bubble and unable to act.

"Come at me!" Haley continued. "Coward!"

Haley took to the air and dashed towards Marici will all her blades outstretched like a giant spear. She spun in the air and the spear became more of a drill. Her speed reached incredible levels and she aimed to be on a collision course with Marici.

"Tailwind!" Holly cast on Haley. This spell can only be used if a unit is in movement and is only active until they become stationary. This spell increases the speed of the unit and prevents them from being hit while moving by anything other than wind magic. The effects of Marici's spell was starting to set in and Holly felt weak and tired.

"You asked for it!" Lilly shouted to Marici. "Chanki, it's all yours."

A black and white plume of flame surrounded Lilly and covered her entirely. The plume stayed up for a short while before coming down and revealing a huge change in Lilly.

Lilly was now clad in some form of fire armour. Above her head floated a pure white halo. Beneath the halo were a pair of black demon horns. Her outfit had changed from her usual leotard to nothing more than a white half top which only just covered her chest and a pair of tight white short-shorts. On her arms, she wore white gauntlets of fire which stretched down to her hands and ended with fingerless white lead handguards cloaked in fire. Her spaulders had changed to some proper flame covered white lead shoulder plates.

Her wings were now complete and stretched out to their full length of three feet either side. Instead of a cat tail, she now had a white demon tail. On her legs she wore white lead legguards which were also cloaked in fire. On her feet she had white lead armoured boots. In her hands, she now had a pure white version of Purgatory and a pure black one. Behind her, a huge symbol shone with light. The symbol appeared to depict a long ferret like deity with burning red eyes.

"Purgatory hasn't seen battle in millennia." Lilly chuckled. Her voice now sounded like both hers and Chanki's voices were talking at once.

Lilly clicked her fingers and a huge plume of light surround her group. This light restored vitality and guarded them against the next harmful spell to reflect it back to the caster a a light based spell. Holly started to feel her strength come back to her and the interference from the waning spell had been blocked.

Marici seeing as she was about to be beaten into the ground decided to leave the fight, She quickly summoned a ball of flame around herself, And left the area leaving the three girls alone until they were teleported out of the pocket dimension and transported back to their home.

After a barrage of useless attacks, the girls noticed that their target had fled. They then found themselves back in front of the Ravenclaw Manor. All magical influences had faded from them and they were back in their normal clothes.

"What the hell!" Lilly shouted. "Damn coward! Come back and fight!"

"Glad that's over with." Holly sighed in relief.

"Get back here you bitch!" Haley shouted into nothingness."

"Haley! Don't use that language!" Holly scolded Haley.

"But she's a coward!" Haley answered back.

"Well, you've finally given in have you? You seek greater power?" A familiar voice could be heard before the ferret form of Chanki appeared and sat on Lilly's shoulders. "She was quite the formidable foe. I doubt you could have taken her one on one."

"I only did that to protect my sisters. I don't want to become a slave to the desire to kill." Lilly coldly answered.

"I'll be waiting for when you summon me again." Chanki said before he disappeared.

Marici appeared in a room with Kara she was badly injured and would need time to heal. As she lay on the bed of her room Marici cast a fire spell upon her slowly Kara's injuires began to heal but it would take time. And time was something they didn't have. She knew all three girls were still outside their home and could try and come in at any moment.

"She's not worth our time." Lilly decided. "Let's go back and finish our ice cream."

"I'd rather avoid fighting wherever possible." Holly agreed. She then joined hands with both Lilly and Haley and they teleported back to Dessert Paradise. The manager looked rather shocked to see them appear out of thin air but then he realised who they were and just shook his head.

"Back so soon?" The manager asked.

"Our mark's down so we've got nothing else to hang around for." Lilly shrugged back.

"Usual?"

"Please."

The shop manager, in the daylight, worked as an ice cream parlour owner but, when all the customers were gone, he worked as an agent for Empowered ones, giving them information on new marks and other empowered ones to fight. Lilly was a regular in both senses.

Kale walked into Kara's room and saw that Marici was standing by her side. He could see the blood upon the bed and that Kara was breathing slowly. "Its good to see you again my daughter I wouldn't have awoken you this soon but you were needed I would have left you to lay asleep for a while longer to heal your injuries from your fight. With the elemental lord of fire" Kale spoke.

Marici's battle armour fadded and she was soon dressed in a short-sleeved, wide-necked shirt under a light orange tank top, khaki shorts, white stockings, and a pair of beige open-toe boots. She looked at Kara and then her father.

"I understand father but I did what I did because I wanted to be stronger these last five years I was asleep have been hard on us all"

"Anyway, now that Kara's out of the picture, what should we do?" Lilly asked her sisters.

"I want a nice long bath." Holly replied. "I need to relax and unwind."

"I'll have a bath just for the sake of one. I don't really mind either way." Haley answered.

Their ice cream was brought back. They were the only customers at the moment so they could talk freely about 'classified information'.

"Any idea who caused the light to burst?" The Manager asked Lilly.

"Someone who we took out. She'll not be causing us trouble any time soon." Lilly answered.

"Her name? Just so I can research her some more."

"Kara Ravenclaw."

"Wind user, right?"

"Yeah."

"Executed or left to live?"

"Left to bleed out but likely still alive. Someone swooped in at the last minute and saved her bleeding corpse."

"Another empowered one?"

"Marici Ravenclaw. Supposed sister of Kara. Dual magic user. Tended to use green fire and gravity spells coupled with a magical sword."

"Got on the wrong side of the Ravenclaws then, huh?" The manager chuckled.

"So what? They're just scum."

"So, what will happen now?" Marici asked.

"Truthfully I'm not sure as Marie had ruinned our image I took matters into my own hands. What I need now if for Kara to get better. I need her to mack contact again with Beltran and challenge him to combat. If she can beat him prehaps she can get much stronger strong enough to deal with the Sera's" Kale said.

"Then what about me what am I to do?" Marici asked.

"I'd say lay low for now and not go outside I'm sure you can make a deal with Agni to fight against him to become stronger"

