Poor her - Page 10

Author: largebio

*226*2019-07-20 16:55

The next day, the girls head to the nearby town. They decide to take the buss as parking fees are unbelievably high.

They wander around for a bit before setting down for lunch.

For lunch they have a sandwich and a large soda each. They also buy a half litre bottle each, for the rest of the afternoon.

They enter shop after shop, some selling tacky souvenirs, others selling nice clothes.

After some hours, Anna desperately needs to pee, badly. She looks around for any signs of a public restroom, but can’t find one.

“Hey, have any of you seen a public toilet? I really have to go” she asks the others.

“I haven’t, but if you see one... I really need to pee too”, Ellen adds.

The girls enter another shop, selling souvenirs.

“I think we should find something for mom and dad”, Emma says.

“Yeah. They’d really appreciate that”, Ellen responds.

The girls look around for something nice, Ellen getting more and more desperate.

Finally, they find something and as they queue up to pay, Ellen is hardly standing still. Wiggling from foot to foot, she tries to hide her desperation in excitement, so that others don’t notice.

As the sisters walk out after having paid, she’s barely holding back the first drops.

As the others great them, Ellen asks how Anna’s doing.

“I just let go. Perks of wearing a dress”, Anna says.

“Just right here in public?”, Emma asks.

“Why not?”, Anna raises her shoulders.

“Why did I choose to wear slacks? And light coloured as well”, Ellen says feeling a spurt dampening the crotch of her knickers. “I’m about to wet myself”, she admits.

“I think there’s only one option then”, Karolina says pointing to an alley between two shops.

Wetting...

“Okay. But please cover me as people are walking bye”, Ellen says seeing no other option.

The girls hurry to the alley. Ellen loses more spurts, further wetting her knickers. Under the cover of her sister and friends, she yanks down her slacks and knickers in one swift motion. She starts full on peeing before she can get into a comfortable position.

After a minute and a half she pulls up her wet knickers. Followed by her slacks that have the tiniest of wet spots on the crotch area.

“That was close”, she giggles.

TO BE CONTINUED

*228*2019-07-20 20:31

After dinner the girls head to the nearest bus stop. They wait and wait but no bus ever shows up.

Anna, tired of waiting walks to the nearest restaurant to ask why.

“They’re on strike apparentely”, she says upon returning to the others.

“Ahhh. Typical French”, Karolina responds.

“So what we do now?”, Natalia asks.

“It should be about a 45 minute walk along the main road”, Laura answers.

“Getting a cab’s gonna take ages”, Anna adds.

And hence, the girls start their walk back to the campsite.

Just ten minutes in, Laura announces she needs to pee.

“Those wines at dinner are really getting to me”, she says.

“Why don’t you just wet your shorts?”, Anna suggests. “It’s dark enough so people won’t notice”.

“I guess you’re right”, Laura replies as she starts wetting herself. “That feels so much better”, she laughs.

“Bet that felt nice. I think I’m gonna follow your lead”, Emma says.

“I think I wil too”, Natalia laughs.

“How about you babe? You haven’t gone all day, have you?”, Anna asks.

“I’ve set myself a challenge. I went just before we left, and - drinking the same amount as you lot - I’m trying to hold until we get back”, Karolina answers.

“And how’s that going?”, Ellen asks.

“The wine has got me struggling, to be honest. And having to walk instead of taking the bus isn’t helping”.

To tease her girlfriend, Anna decides to rewet herself. “Don’t you have to go again, El?”

”Absolutely”, Ellen replies.

And thus, five girls walk with empty bladders and wet knickers, while one has a full bladder but dry knickers.

TO BE CONTINUED

*231*2019-07-21 20:27

“I really hope I can make it”, Karolina says, “any idea on how much further it is?”, she asks her girlfriend.

“I think we should be about halfway”.

Karolina’s heart sinks. She knows she has almost superhuman holding abilities, but an accident is imminent.

Time ticks by slowly. Just five minutes later she’s walking awkwardly, legs stifly put together.

“I don’t think I’ll make it babe”, she says.

“Of course you can, I believe in you. Wanna make a bet?”

”Sure”.

“If you make it, I go down on you tonight. If you lose it, you go down on me”.

“Deal”.

About ten minutes later, Karolina presses her left hand in her blue slacks’ crotch. She can feel pee slowly flowing down het urethra.

“Just ten more minutes, sweetheart”, Anna says, noticing what her girlfriend just did.

“That’s way too far”, Karolina answers in agony.

Her bladder’s about to explode. In fact, she can feel a drop of pee at the end of her urethra, ready to dampen her black knickers.

“My knickers are damp”, she admits two minutes later.

“So are mine. Still. And they’re getting a different kind of wet too”, Anna whispers in Karolina’s ear.

A minute later, another drop further dampens her knickers. Thirty seconds later again, and again, and again.

After a couple more leaks, she’s certain it has leaked through, into her slacks. But she daren’t check. If she removes her hand, she’ll definitely lose it.

Short spurts of pee keep wetting her slacks more and more, until at some point, drops start flowing down her legs.

The other four - walking behind the lovebirds - notice her legs glistening in the streetlights.

With all her strength, she tries to keep the rest of her urine in. But the drops gradually turn into rivulets flowing down her legs.

Laura is quick to point it out to her sister and Ellen and Emma.

Although Karolina is now slowly wetting herself, Anna is still oblivious to her girlfriend’s accident.

That is until Karolina’s pussy starts hissing.

“That’s it. I give up”, she says removing her hand from her crotch and releasing her bladder muscles.

Immediately, pee starts pouring out of her. She pees forcefully, creating a trail of wetness behind her.

After two minutes, there’s hardly a dry spot on her slacks. Thanks to the darkness, her accident is invissible and besides, her friends are wearing wet clothes too.

“Guess I’ll be in for a treat tonight”, Anna laughs.

TO BE CONTINUED

*234*2019-07-25 19:52

The next days, the girl decide to go on a five hour hike through the hills around the campsite.

It’s a scorching day, so they all pack plenty of water and food for the long hike ahead. Also, they all wear tank tops and tight lycra booty shorts. The latter because of comfort and - mostly - so they can wee without having to pull them down, as they won’t show too much wetness.

The first hour passes normally, when the girls decide to have a short break. They eat and drink some, before setting of again.

“Hey sis”, Emma says, “that rock you were sitting on... it’s wet”.

“I know”, Ellen answers, “I had to go”, she laughs.

Not much later, Natalia’s legs are clearly glistening with pee.

“Looks like my big sister’s having a little accident”, Laura giggles, teasing her elder sister.

“It’s not technically an accident if you can’t be bothered to hold it back now, can it?”, Natalia corrects her sister.

Just a mere minute after she finishes peeing, a family with a young girl comes walking towards them.

The girl clearly needs to pee, cupping her crotch area with her right hand, while holding hands with her father.

“She looks desperate for a wee”, Anna whispers.

“I’m afraid for her. She’s definitely about to pee and there’s no toilets nearby”, Karolina answers.

“Maybe she should just do what we’re doing”, Laura says as she lets go of her bladder’s content.

Pee is visibly running down her legs as they pass the family, attracting their attention. The girl obviously grunts, seeing the grown up girl wetting herself.

“That was one of your naughtiest wettings ever”, Anna says.

“But you really made it harder for the poor little girl”, Emma says.

“Maybe she feels comfortable following my lead”, Laura giggles.

“I sure am”, Emma says, pee running down her legs.

“Wonder if she’ll make it though”, Karolina says.

“If I were her mom I’d just pull down her shorts and let her pee on the side of the trail”, Anna says.

“But most people are focussed on just getting to a toilet. Unlike us”, Ellen laughs.

Another hour passes as the girls decide to stop for lunch. The girls sit down on some large boulders off the side of the path.

“Can I sit in your lap”, Karolina asks her girlfriend.

“Sure babe”.

Karolina quickly sits in Anna’s lap.

“But can I ask why?”, Anna asks.

Her question is quickly answered though, as she feels her legs getting warm and wet.

“That’s so hot”, she says loud enough for the others to hear.

“Calm down you two. We’re in public remember?”, Laura giggles.

“Nothing wrong with turning your girl on every now and then”, Karolina says cheekily.

“Hell no!”, Anna exclaims. “Now that I’m wet anyway”, she continues relaxing her own bladder.

TO BE CONTINUED

*237*2019-07-27 20:27

As the day progresses, the temperature keeps increasing.

“Why again did we decide to do this?”, Ellen asks.

“To be honest, I don’t really like it either”, Laura replies.

“Yeah. It most be well over 40 degrees by now”, Anna adds.

But then, in the distance, they spot a gift from god; a waterfall.

Without hesitating, the girls jump into the plunge pool, fully clothed.

“Ahhh. Sweet relief”, Emma says.

“Why aren’t you wearing a bra?”, Natalia asks her sister.

“Too hot, too hot to wear knickers too”.

“I can see your boobs though”, Natalia continues.

“You can on the beach too”.

“It looks like you’re the only one with a bra on”, Ellen says assessing the others, her own tits shining through her light yellow tank top.

A full hour later, the girls continue their trip soaking wet.

“Now that I’m soaked anyways”, Ellen says as she starts to pee.

“Guess you’re right”, Natalia says realising her own bladder’s contents.

Not much later, Laura climbs into a tree. She moves onto a branch hanging over the path.

“It’s raining!”, she exclaims pissing down onto the path, just in front of her friends.

“That’s not the kinda rain imma be dancing in”, Natalia says.

“I don’t need golden rain”, Karolina giggles.

The girls continue their walk, just an hour and a half left by now.

“I need to go again”, Anna says at some point.

“So go”, Karolina answers.

“Too normal. I think I’ll pee on you this time. Sit on that tree stump”.

Karolina obliges and soon her lap is filled with her girlfriend’s hot piss. Soon followed by her own.

“So, sis, you’re the only one to have wet once. What are you up to?”, Laura asks.

“I’ve been slowly letting it out bit by bit, trying to go unnoticed”, Natalia answers.

“Well. I guess you suceeded”, Ellen says.

“So far. But it feels like I’m about to lose control. So I think I’ll just stop holding now”, Natalia continues as she starts peeing.

TO BE CONTINUED

*240*2019-08-20 19:43

As the girls get back to their tents, their shorts definitely reek of urine.

“I think it’s time for a shower”, Ellen suggests.

“Why don’t we share one of those family showers at the facilities?”, Laura suggests.

The others agree and within ten minutes they’re cleaning themselves up.

At some point, Anna turns to face Karolina while spreading her labia with her right hand.

“Hey, I was just washing all that piss away”, Karolina giggles.

“Sorry babe. I just couldn’t resist the urge”, Anna laughs.

The others start laughing too.

Laura then leans against the wall:” bet you I can reach the other side from here”.

“Prove it!”, her sister says.

As she starts peeing full force, Laura’s stream easily hits the opposite wall.

“Impressive”, Ellen says while emptying her own bladder.

Some time later, the girls dry off and put their bikinis on ready to head back to their tents.

“Hey is that the girl from the playground?”, Emma asks.

“Yeah. And it looks like she’s got wet shorts again”, Natalia confirms.

“Ok that’s it. I gotta talk to her”, Laura says.

“Hey. Are you ok? Looks like you had a little accident?”, she gently asks the girl.

“Yeah. I’m all right”, the girl answers. She hesitates for a moment before continuing: “it wasn’t really an accident though. I was just having too much fun playing, and I didn’t want to stop”.

“I know exactly what you mean”, Laura says.

The two chat for a while. The girl introduces herself as Paulina and Laura explains how she wets herself all the time.

As Laura catches up with her friends, she tells them all about Paulina over dinner.

Until they are distracted by a girl waving at Laura from the playground.

“Looks like you made a new friend, sis”.

As soon as Laura notices her, Paulina points down at her shorts. From her crotch, a wet spot starts expanding.

“A pissy friend that is”, Emma says.

Without hesitation, Laura walks up towards Paulina: “ I really need to go too”, she whispers.

Within seconds pee pours through her bikini bottoms.

After she finishes, she high-fives Paulina and walks back to the dinner table.

“Not the best parenting I have to say”, Anna giggles.

“But fun nonetheless”, Laura says.

TO BE CONTINUED

*243*2019-08-21 14:53

{{2 hours ago, Manowar said:

Fantastic chapter. Please don't make us wait so long for the next one

}}

I’ll try. But sometimes I have a lack of inspiration

*244*2019-08-21 19:25

After the activity laden couple of days, the girls decide to have a relaxing day on the beach.

They spend the morning working on their tans, all topless this time.

After a couple hours, all have fallen asleep. Until Laura is woken by a soft whisper.

“Hi there. How are you?”, she hears. As she opens her eyes, she sees young Paulina bending over her.

“Great. Just soaking up some sun. How about you? You here all by yourself?”, she answers.

Paulina nodds: “my friends didn’t wanna go to the beach. So I went by myself”.

“Hey, I got a plan. Why don’t we build a sand castle?”, Laura suggests.

Paulina happily agrees and the girls head to the denser, wetter sand more suitable for construction.

After a while, Natalia joins them. “Having fun with your new friend I see”, she says.

Laura nodds. “Wanna help?”

”Why not”.

Not much later, the other four join in as well. And hence they - six young adults and a ten year old - all play in the sand.

They perfect the castle for another hour.

“I think it’s perfect. Thank you so much!”, Paulina says, proudly looking at their achievement.

“Absolutely, but what’s a castle without a moat?”, Ellen says.

“You’re absolutely right”, Natalia agrees. “Let’s dig one”.

As the seven of them start digging, Anna is noticeably fidgety.

“Why don’t you just go babe?”, Karolina asks.

“Saving it for later. After all, what’s a moat without water in it?”

Another thirty minutes later, the moat’s finished.

“Not a second too soon”, Anna says, “I can barely hold it”.

She squats over the moat and pees full force through her bikini bottoms. “Now it’s a proper moat, with water in it”, she says.

“Actually, I really need a pee-pee too”, Paulina says. She postions herself just like Anna and starts peeing too.

The other five decide to join in and within minutes the moat is filled with a faintly yellow coloured liquid.

Paulina hugs the others, thanking them for their help, before heading back towards her parents.

“That girl is so much fun. I wish I was that care free when I was her age”, Laura says as Paulina disappears from view.

TO BE CONTINUED

*248*2019-09-02 19:36

“I’m about to pee myself”, Ellen says.

“Why don’t you?”, Anna suggests.

“My shorts will be all wet, and everyone can see it”.

“Oh stop it, it’s way too dark and people are way too drunk”.

The girls are at a late night beach party at their camp site. The party’s been going on for quite some time, and indeed, most attendees are boozed up.

A drop escapes Ellen’s clenched up pussy. “I hope you’re right, ‘cause it’s coming out”.

Realising she’s fighting a lost battle, she gives up and pees herself fully for nearly a minute, wetting her grey slacks.

“My little sister’s having an accident”, Emma says.

“Yeah. But I feel so much better now”, Ellen giggles.

At a quieter spot, Laura is making out with a guy she just met at the party.

“This dude’s so hot”, she thinks, “but I also gotta piss badly”.

The two of them keep kissing and dancing to the beat, and Laura keeps getting more and more desperate.

“I really gotta think of something”, she tells herself just as the guy pulls her close.

His body is pressuring her bladder hard, causing a dribble to come out.

“Oh no”, she thinks, but unable to stop the flow, she keeps slowly weeing into her shorts.

“Ewwwl. What the fuck!”, the guy exclaims pushing her away.

Disappointed, Laura makes her way over to her sister.

“Deja vu”, Natalia says.

“Yep”, Laura says, feeling a little down. “But I’m not the only one with wet shorts”.

“At least I wasn’t burying my tongue in someone’s mouth while wetting”, her sister says teasingly.

“I hadn’t even noticed. I was talking ‘bout El over there”.

“Oh wow. She doesn’t look bothered though”, Natalia smiles.

“Not in the least”, Laura laughs.

Time passes as all six rejoin eachother.

“Weren’t you hooking up with a guy?”, Karolina asks.

“Until I wet myself again”.

“Did it look like this?”, Anna asks as she passionately starts kissing Karolina.

Wetness quickly spreads around her shorts.

“I guess so”, Laura giggles.

“He shoud’ve responded like me”, Karolina says while she too starts peeing.

“Only in my dreams”, Laura laughs out loud.

“Well sis, looks like you’re the only one with dry shorts on”, Ellen says.

Emma rapidly changes that and the girls keep on partying.

TO BE CONTINUED
