Cassie and David: The Cousin

Author: pdancefan

*000*2015-11-13 23:57

CASSIE AND DAVID: THE COUSIN

"Hi David!"

"Hi Cassie!" It was several weeks later and David was just arriving at Cassie’s house. Cassie’s cousin was going to baby-sit the two ten-year-olds, while their parents were away for the weekend. "My cousin, Katy, is 16," said Cassie. They went inside and Cassie introduced them. Katy was a cute girl with curly red hair, green eyes, and freckles on her nose. She was wearing little brown shorts and a white shirt. She greeted David warmly.

Katy was drinking from a 1-liter sized bottle of water, David noticed. She suggested they watch the new animated movie that just came out on DVD. Katy popped the disc into the machine and all 3 were soon engrossed in it. When the movie ended, Katy got up to remove the disc. David noticed that Katy was wriggling her right knee as she took the disc and put it in its case. Cassie noticed, too. "Do you have to pee?" she said. "Yes, but I can hold it," said Katy. "Actually, I like to hold it until the last minute and then go.

Sometimes I can barely make it to the bathroom in time." David was astonished, "Aren’t you a little old to hold your pee?"

"Have you ever peed yourself?" asked Cassie. Katy smiled. "Maybe, and no I haven’t. Although I’ve leaked a little before. My boyfriend actually enjoys seeing me do the pee dance." she laughed. "Ooh! I better not laugh of I’ll pee myself!" The all giggled. "David saw me pee myself twice," said Cassie, "The first time was an accident, but the second time I held it on purpose."

"No!" said Katy, "You didn’t!"

"I did1" said Cassie. "You little devil," said Katy. "Maybe I ought to drink some iced tea," said Katy. They went to the kitchen and sat at the table. Katy prepared a large glass of iced tea, wincing as she poured the water into the glass. She sat down at the table and began drinking the tea, as Cassie took out a deck of cards. "Shall we play Go Fish?" she said. They started playing and within a half-hour all of that water and tea was really hitting Katy’s bladder. "Oh! Cassie, do you-uh-have-uh-th-any 2s?"

"Go Fish!" Katy reached for a card. She started wriggling her legs under the table, open and closed, and tapping them up and down. The game progressed, with Katy getting more and more restless. "You better go to the bathroom," said David. "I can hold it," said Katy. But I do-th-need to pee-th-pretty bad," she admitted. Katy crossed her legs and rocked them. 15 or 20 minutes passed. Katy was desperate now. "David-th-uh-th-do you-th-uh-Oh! Oh1 Whoa! I almost peed myself!" she said, leaning forward and squeezing her legs tightly together. She paused, and then, having avoided a leak, she began rapidly scissoring her legs open and shut. "I-th-uh-th-have to-th-pee so bad! I’ve never -th-had to pee-th-so bad-th-in my life!"

"You better go to the bathroom before its too late," said David. Katy made a move to get up, then abruptly sat back down on her chair. "Oh! I th-can’t move-th! Oh! Oh! Th-th-Oh! I’m going to pee myself!"

She scissored her legs open and closed as fast as possible. Katy let our an ear-piercing shriek. "I’M PEEING MYSELF!" David and Cassie heard a hissing sound as Katy’s pee exploded into her pants soaking the crotch of her tan shorts and creeping up her butt to her waist. Her chair filled with pee and overflowed on the floor creating a huge yellow puddle. Katy sat in shock as the pee diminished to a trickle then stopped. David and Cassie sat stunned. "I can’t believe you peed yourself," said David. Well I guess I am a little old to pee myself, said Katy. "I better go take a shower." After she left the room, David and Cassie looked at each other and grinned. "All right!" they said in unison.  

