As Wolga's day goes on...

Author: gfbiy7352

*000*2019-02-28 19:05

She has to pee more and more and add additional movements to her holding repitior. She is a 14 year old freshman at an all-girls high school wearing a green elbow length blouse, a periwinkle skirt rising three inches above the knee, and knee high socks which is the required uniform.

In 1st period, the need just started and switching crossed legs sufficised. 2nd class, she crossed her legs, switched them, and had her left hand in her crotch. In 3rd period, she crossed legs, had her left hand between them, but also was leaned far forward in her chair. During 4th period, she leaned even further forward, had both hands on her crotch, and closed legs tight together.

At lunch, she did all of the 4th hour movements but she had really began to bounce a little bit and crossed her tightly closed legs at the ankles. During 5th period, she bounced around in her seat a lot, crossed her ankles, and had both hands pressed firm in her female parts. In 6th class, she was literally about to DIE OF URGENCY, bent as far forward as possible, bouncing, wiggling her butt, switching positions every 2 seconds. In her 7th and final period, she rocked, wiggled, bent, constantly changing leg positions constantly as she cursed her mom for making her go to a all-girls school built in the 1800's with inadequate bathrooms.

The reason why she got herself in this mess was because she drank 4 glasses of liquids to wash down dry oatmeal and that the school has only 3 bathrooms with 3 stalls each for over 760 girls. The lines are always so long. She tried to go between each class and before lunch, but each time a line of around 10-40 girls greeted her. Each time she waited but never got to go. In the end she always potty danced her way back to class.

She tried to go again after last class but the queue was even longer, so she got on the bus and shook furiously having hands between squeezed legs hoping to make it home. Wolga's bus stopped and she ran past her mother rudly into the bathroom. She fiddled with the loop on her skirt dancing and finally pulled it down, letting out a few minute stream. She felt like she had let go of a three-ton rhino.

Sorry that there is so much detail, wanted to build her desperation periodically.

