Feeling the Heat (Fire Force)

Author: JackFrost16

*000*2021-07-31 19:58

A loud horn blared inside the walls of Fire Force Company 8’s headquarters. Maki Oze’s Head snapped up, as she was women from a paperwork induced trance. The monotony of the boring office work was in stark contrast to the high risk aspect of being a fire soldier. Killing Infernals. The smoldering, once human creatures were one of the biggest threats to the Tokyo Empire, and it was the job of the Fire Force to make sure they were kept in check. Maki hurried to get her gear, including the standard fire resistant jacket that was the staple of a fire soldier, and her hat, stylized like the pointy headwear of medieval witches and proudly displaying the Company 8 insignia. Mani was joined in the halls by Capitan Obi, the leader of Company 8, and his right hand man, Lieutenant Hinawa. They were discussing the emergency and quickly got Maki up to speed.

“Two Infernals have been spotted about a mile away” said Capitan Obi. “It should be a routine job.”

The Lieutenant nodded his assent. The three veteran members of Company 8 were the first into the garage, the rookies not far behind. Shinra and Arthur pushed through the door next, arguing all the way. Next came the team’s engineer, Vulcan who slid in to the driver’s seat of the Matchbox, Company 8’s main mode of transportation, next to Victor Licht, the company’s one man science department. Tamaki and Iris, the last members of the small company slid into the back of the Matchbox, and Capitan Obi knocked on the wall to signal Vulcan to take off. The whole process took less than five minutes.

“Okay everybody”, came Capitan Obi’s voice. This should just be a simple job, get in, put the Infernals to rest, and then get out. However, there may be a chance that this is the work of the White Clad, in which case we need to be more careful.” Maki grimaced at the mention of the evil organization that had been terrorizing the Tokyo Empire. The Food Force has learned that their final goal was to wipe out humanity in a second Great Cataclysm, a repeat of the disaster that has almost ended all of humanity.

Captain Obi spoke again. “ Shinra. It’s going to be your job to engage any White Clads that we see. Your speed should allow you to take them on before they can get away. That will give us time to put the Infernals to rest and the help you out”. Obi’s proposal was met with nodded heads. Maki felt a rush of anticipation as they neared the scene of the emergency. Vulcan pulled to a stop, and Company 8 got to work.

As soon as the team got out of the Matchbox, Shinra used the speed provided by his Edola Burst to shoot into the sky, hunting for anyone who might be a White Clad agent. Maki a and the rest of Company 8 ran toward the house that served as the scene of the fire. The roof billowed smoke and the timber groaned as the structural stability of the house started to falter. Obi quickly split them into groups, sending Maki, Tamaki, and Iris around the back while he and Hinawa went in the front. Maki used her abilities as a second-generation pyrokenetic to push the blazing flames to the side, allowing for a safe entrance. As they moved inside, Maki felt the heart beat quicken. No matter how many times she entered a fire, Maki always felt the rush of fear causes but being surrounded by heart and flames. Even though her second-generation abilities would keep her safe from the flames, human instinct told her to be scared of fire, and so she was.

Still she would do her job, no matter how scared she was. That was what it meant to be a fire soldier. The group rushed into what looked to be a living room. The walls were blackened and the furniture was charred almost beyond recognition. A quick glance told Maki that there was no Infernal to be found in the room. They continued on. Maki’s group meet up with Hinawa and Obi near the front door. A glowing, burning monster stood next to them. Another spoke of fear shot through Maki.

She felt her stomach so somersaults at the sight of the Infernal. Her underwear heated up briefly as a few drops of pee shout out of her body. Maki realized she should probably have gone before they left on the mission. Her bladder tightened again, but Maki was able too prevent any further leakage. Maki was no stranger to Ono the job accidents. In her line of work, dangerous situations were common, and the occasional wetting was nothing to be ashamed of. Still, Maki would prefer to save herself the embarrassment of a full accident. She gritted her teeth, and tore her focus back to more pressing matters.

“Sister Iris!” yelled Hinawa. “Please start the prayer!” Iris ran forward, tented her hands, and began to chant the words of the familiar prayer that would allow the soul of the Infernal to be put to rest and guaranteed a good afterlife. As Iris spoke Company 8 jumped into action. Maki focused on keeping the surrounding flames at bay while Tamaki and Hinawa distracted the Infernal. Obi ran at the monster head-on, his intense physical training allowing him to move quickly even while carrying the weight of his heavy fire equipment. He pulled an axe from the pack on his shoulder and died at the Infernal. The axe cut deep into the creature’s chest, and with a howl of rage, it burst into flames, its body collapsing, as it was sent back to join the Great Sol.

Maki felt relief was over her as the last charred embers of the Infernal faded away. Obi gave the signal to move out, and the company headed to the door. Suddenly, a crash behind the group caused Maki to swivel, searching for the source of the noise. She didn’t need to look far. A towering Infernal stood before her leering down with its charred features. Burning terror shot through Maki as the monster leaned toward her. Her mouth opened in a silent scream as the shocking appearance of the creature sent waves of fear through her body. Her already stressed bladder responded immediately. Maki felt her underwear dampen with a sense of detachment, as the fact the she was pissing herself took a backseat to her survival instinct. Still she was able to register the warm streaks of urine that poured down her legs, as well as the feeling of the liquid sticking to the uniform she wore underneath the fire resistant material.

The shameful warmth in her pants felt different from the heat of the fire, a more damp, dark kind of heat as opposed to the bright flames of the blaze. Thh hey Ed monster in front of her raised a long, thin limb above its head, but before it could bring the appendage down on the terrified fire soldier, a bullet ripped through its chest and it collapsed. Maki’s senses rushed back to her just in time to hear the final words of the prayer and to register the smoking barrel of Hinawa’s gun as her savior. A blush rose on her cheeks as she felt the warm wetness coating her groin and thighs. Maki sent a quick prayer off thanks to the person who defined her uniform with so many layers, a feature that in addition to providing better heat resistance, also hid her embarrassing accident. After confirming that all parties were unharmed, Company 8 headed outside where the Matchbox was waiting.

Shinra stood next to the vehicle with Licht and Vulcan. Between them stood a woman dressed in a white cloak with a red cross on the front. The front of her headpiece had been pulled back to reveal her face twisted in a scowl. Her dark blue braids and unique pointed irises marked her as Arrow, a powerful servant of the Evangelist that the Fire Force has been trying to capture for quite some time. Maki couldn’t help but notice the dark stain covering a portion of her cloak the wet fabric still glistened in the sunlight marking her accident to be just as recent as Maki’s. Well, at least I’m not the only one, Maki thought as Capitan Obi congratulated Shinra and exchanged stories. Maki quietly slipped into the back of the Matchbox, her only thoughts on getting back to base and getting cleaned up. It has been a very eventful mission.

