RE: After Raccoon City

Author: Ducklett00

*013*2014-09-15 19:50

I decided that this is second last part, so here it is.

###

Jill and Claire walked down the corridor, number of bodies increased little by little. There was ordinary civilians as well as doctors and nurses, all of them had been shot to death. Mostly to the chest.

"This looks like Umbrella's doing" Jill said.

"Yeah, I don't think survivors would shoot this many people" Claire answered.

They stopped at end of the corridor where was t-junction. Right corridor was on fire and large part of it had been collapsed.

"Why I get the feeling that Umbrella didn't want anyone to investigate whole hospital?" Claire asked.

"In Raccoon City they had secret labs in Raccoon General Hospital, I would not be surprised if they have few in here"

They walked down the corridor on their left.

"Look! There is door to staircase" Claire said pointing to end of the corridor.

They were halfway there when suddenly all the lights turned off.

"What a perfect timing for power cut" Jill cursed.

"I can't see anything" Claire said.

"Let's just move slowly, take my hand"

Claire fumble for Jill's hand and found it.

"Alright, let's go" Claire said, her voice trembling a little.

They took few slow steps when there was loud shattering sounds from their left and right. It was quiet for a second and then many hungry moans. They were surrounded by zombies and they could not see them.

"Oh shit! run!" Jill yelled.

"But I still can't see!"

"Just run!"

They ran forward still holding each others hand, Claire felt decaying hands trying to grab her. She started to panic and scream but soon they stopped and Jill opened door in front of them.

They stood in dark staircase, Claire was breathing fast and was still in panic. She heard Jill closing the door.

"Calm down" Jill whispered.

"How can I calm down if we can't see anything?" Claire answered.

"Emergency power should activate soon"

"Shouldn't it be activated already, I mean we are in hospital" Claire said.

"There must be something wrong with generator"

"Well that helps me alot!"

"Just wait"

Lights turned back on after half a minute. They could finally take a look around. Staircase was empty, it was pretty narrow but it was still intact.

"Let's go" Jill said.

She walked up the stairs to next floor and stopped. She looked down the stairs, Claire had walked few steps and stopped. Claire was squeezing her crotch.

"What's wrong?" Jill asked.

"I think I peed a little, I'm not sure"

"Well it's a good thing that we have these diapers on"

"Yeah" Claire said and walked to Jill.

"It looks like we can go all the way to roof" Jill said looking up.

Loud howl of fury echoed in staircase and made them jump, it sounded like it came from first floor.

"How did it found us?" Claire asked.

"We don't want to find out, come on! We don't have enough bullets to fight that thing"

They made it to fourth floor when loud shattering noise came from first floor. Tyrant was in the staircase. Jill took a look down to first floor. Tyrant was staring back. Memories rushed in her eyes as she looked at that hideous face, was that Tyrant as indestructible as the S.T.A.R.S killer in Raccoon City?

"Jill come on! we can get to roof!" Claire was already on fifth floor.

Jill ran to fifth floor and Claire pointed to one more stairs that led to roof. Thundering footsteps told them that Tyrant was on stairs. Jill and Claire ran last stairs up to door that led to roof. Claire tried the door, it was locked. Jill throw oneself against the door using her shoulder, it didn't have any effect. Tyrant howled below and it started running. Jill and Claire both throw oneself against the door, it still had no effect. Claire fired lock mechanism twice and they threw themselves against the door again. Door felt like it was giving up. Thundering running steps sounded like Tyrant was on third floor. Jill and Claire looked each others and threw themselves against the door, it flew open.

Roof was wide and there was few air-condition duct. Helipad was on left of the roof, there was burning wreckage of chopper on it.

"I can't believe this!" Jill yelled.

"Looks like Umbrella was here" Claire said.

Jill kicked nearest air-condition duct, Claire looked at her. There was tears on Jill's face because of frustration.

"So this is the end?" Claire asked.

"No! We can't die here, I won't let Umbrella win" Jill answered and ran to edge of the roof.

"We can jump here to the next building" Jill said.

Claire walked to her and looked at the distance between hospital and next building.

"We can't make it" Claire said.

"We have to!"

Jill backed away and ran towards the edge, she jumped and Claire watched in horror and disbelief as Jill landed on next building. Claire backed away, she took a deep breath and ran. She jumped at the edge but her jump was too short, she barely grabbed the edge of next building.

"Help!" Claire yelled as her hands slipped and she fell.

Jill grabbed Claire's arm.

"I got you" Jill said, she was lying on her stomach.

"Don't let me fall!"

Claire suddenly felt her bottom burning, she was peeing in her diaper. She couldn't stop peeing, she had totally lost control over her bladder over the night. Jill began to raise Claire to roof when loud howling echoed in the night, Tyrant was on hospital's roof. Jill looked up, Tyrant was staring back and then it started approaching. Fear rushed through Jill's body slowly. First her heart began to beat rapidly, next she felt strange feeling in her bladder and finally her bladder muscles gave up. Hot urine gushed in her diaper like water from firehose, soon diaper was soaking wet and burning hot. Jill felt fear easing up a little. Diaper gave secure feeling so she didn't felt shame about peeing herself. With massive steps, Tyrant would get to them in few seconds. Jill looked at Claire, her face was full of horror. Neither of them couldn't do anything to protect themselves.

"Leave me, save yourself" Claire said.

"No! I won't leave you!"

"It's the only way, run!" Claire's eyes was full of tears.

Claire let go of her grip from Jill's hand and she fell. Time slowed down. Jill yelled and memories rushed in her eyes; S.T.A.R.S killer killing Brad, she wouldn't let down her friend again. Jill reached down and got a grip from Claire's hand. Tyrant howled and burst of assault rifle echoed around, Tyrant backed away few steps. Time returned to normal. Jill looked behind her, man dressed as cop was standing in middle of the roof. Cop was aiming Tyrant with assault rifle. He had short dark hair and long beard.

"Hurry, get out of here!" cop yelled.

"This is our chance" Jill said to Claire and Claire nodded.

Man shot few short burst towards Tyrant as Jill raised Claire to roof.

"We can use fire escape on the other side" Jill said.

Claire ran to other side but Jill stopped next to man.

"Thank you, who are you?" Jill asked.

"My name is not important, now go!"

"I won't forget this..."

"Just go!"

Tyrant leaped from hospital to same roof where they were standing. Man pulled trigger and Jill ran to fire escape.

Jill and Claire ran down the street, gunfire and Tyrant's howling echoed in their ears few blocks and suddenly it was quiet.

"Do you think he survived?" Claire asked.

"I hope so"

"So what we do now?"

"I honestly don't know"

Jill stopped and sat down to street. Claire looked around making sure it was safe to stop before she sat next to Jill.

"We both have one clip left in our guns?" Jill said.

"Yeah"

"We have to find ammunition or more guns"

"So what do you suggest?" Claire asked.

"Let's find a map first"

"I thought you know this city"

"I didn't have time to study city map"

Few zombies moaned somewhere.

"Let's go" Jill said and stood up.

Claire stood up and they ran to next intersection. Street on left was blocked by burning cars and zombies, street on right was also blocked by zombies. Street in front was blocked by burning wreckage of building that had fallen.

"Great, we're stuck" Claire cursed.

"We can't go back, look! there is small alley"

"But if we go there and it leads to dead end, we are trapped"

"We really don't have other choices"

Claire sighed and followed Jill to left, they turned right before zombies. Zombies noticed them and slowly followed them to alley. Alley was pretty narrow and dimly lighted. It turned left and right many times, there was few trash cans and many dead zombies. Claire turned left again and saw that Jill had stopped, they were at dead end.

"That's it, we're doomed" Claire cried.

"No, let's hope this door is open" Jill said.

She walked to left wall and tried door that Claire hadn't seen earlier. Door was unlocked. Claire sighed in relief and followed Jill to inside.

Jill locked door behind them and they both sat down to floor.

"Let's not take any more chance like that" Claire panted.

"I agree" Jill answered.

"Where are we?"

"Only one way to find out" Jill stood up.

Claire examined room from the floor. It looked like shop's backroom. Large, full of boxes and other wares. Jill moved slowly to other door that was across the room, she opened it slightly and peeked in. It was dark inside but it was large hall, they were definitely in shop.

"I don't see any zombies inside but it is dark" Jill whispered.

"There is fuse box near you"

Jill looked behind her and smirked, she hadn't seen the fuse box. Claire stood up and Jill examined fuse box, after few seconds power turned on. Jill opened door fully and walked to hall, Claire followed her. It turned out that they were in clothing store.

"Good, let's find panties. I want to get out of this wet diaper" Jill said.

"You had accident too?"

"Yeah, now help me find panties. Or do you want to wear wet diaper?"

"Well I..." Claire started but stopped.

Jill looked at Claire and Claire blushed.

"After Raccoon City I have had nightmares and I have been wetting my bed ever since, so I have to wear diapers every night"

"Well if you want to wear that diaper, I won't stop you" Jill said.

"No, I don't want to wear this. I mean that I am used to this, I mean..." Claire turned her face away.

"Hey don't be ashamed, I didn't mean it" Jill quickly said.

Claire wiped her tears and looked at Jill who was smiling friendly, Claire smiled back.

"I won't tell anyone" Jill said.

Claire nodded and they spread out to look around. Claire examined left side of the store while Jill examined right side.

"I found them" Claire yelled after few minutes.

Jill walked to place where Claire was standing. There was tens of panties on display. Suddenly they heard footsteps but they sounded weird. They didn't sound like human's footsteps. Claire and Jill raised their guns and waited, soon they saw what made those footsteps. It was big doberman, it skin was ripped off and it growled angrily. Jill and Claire opened fire, doberman dodged first few bullets but then Claire took careful aim and landed shot.

"Nice shot" Jill said.

"Thanks" Claire smiled.

Jill ejected clip from her gun and weighted it.

"I have half clip left" Jill said.

Claire did same as Jill.

"I'm almost out of bullets"

Jill put clip back in her gun and looked at panties. She picked up black panties and put it and gun on closest table. She undress her jeans and diaper. Claire stood still looking at panties. She couldn't decide which one was more embarrassing, peeing her pants or wearing a diaper. Jill had already cleaned herself with shirt from behind her and put panties on.

"Are you alright?" Jill asked.

"What? yeah, I'm alright"

They stared each other for few seconds and then Jill walked to Claire. Claire hold her breath as Jill lowered Claire's shorts and undress diaper. Jill cleaned Claire's crotch with shirt and backed away few steps. Jill picked red panties and walked back to Claire. Claire closed her eyes as Jill put panties and shorts on Claire.

"Thanks" Claire said.

"My pleasure" Jill said pulling her jeans on.

Jill and Claire walked to counter that was near the front door and Jill looked under it.

"I found a map" Jill said.

"So where are we?" Claire asked and walked next to Jill.

"I have no idea"

"Look! Store owner has marked this place with circle"

"We are almost in middle of the city" Jill cursed.

"Can we make it out on foot?"

"No, It's too dangerous. Well look at that, there is small airfield near. That is our last chance" Jill answered.

Suddenly sound of breaking glass filled store. Claire and Jill ran to left side of the store, man was lying on the floor. Man dressed as a cop.

"Isn't that the same man who helped us?" Claire asked.

Jill crouched next to man and turned him around, it was same man who helped them on roof. Man's abdomen had been pierced with long claws. Jill stood up and look out from the window, Tyrant was approaching store.

"It's toying with us" Jill said.

Claire walked to Jill and look out from the window.

"What do we do now?!" Claire asked.

"We can't fight it, we have to get to airfield"

Claire and Jill ran to front door and went outside. Tyrant howled in fury.

Thundering steps followed them as they ran down the street. Tyrant was lot faster than they, it would get them.

"Go, I try to hold it" Jill yelled and turned around.

"What?! No! You get yourself killed"

"Just go!"

Claire ran to nearest alley as Jill opened fire. Claire watched in horror as Tyrant ran towards Jill and landed blow with fist on Jill's abdomen. It had enought power to send Jill flying. Jill hit a car few feets behind her and whirled over it.

"No!" Claire screamed.

Tyrant turned to Claire and howled. Claire turned around and ran, tears flew from her eyes as she turned left and right in alley. Tyrant was right behind her. Claire ran into apartment building and didn't stop, she ran to next floor and into one apartment. Without thinking Claire ran forward and jumped through window, at the same time apartment door shattered as Tyrant ran through it. Claire landed on the street, she rolled few times and stopped at the car. Every inch of her body was aching. Tyrant howled in apartment.

"Come on let's go"

It was Jill! She helped Claire up, Jill was holding her left hand over the right rib.

"Jill! Thank god you are alive! Are you alright?"

"I think I broke few ribs but yeah I'm alright"

Jill and Claire hurried to next intersection and turned right. Claire helped Jill and they stopped at next intersection.

"I think we lost it" Claire said.

"It will find us, let me think a moment"

"Where to now?"

On their right was dead end, on their front was tunnel and on left was empty street.

"We have to go left, I remember that tunnel from the map" Jill answered.

Jill and Claire took few steps to left, when there was loud noises from the tunnel. They raised guns and looked each others quickly. Maybe ten creatures walking on all four emerged from tunnel. Creatures had exposed brain tissues and they had no skin. Claire had encountered these creatures before, she knew them as 'Lickers'. More Lickers emerged from tunnel. Unprecedented fear rushed through Jill's body, she felt her whole body shaking. Jill lowered her gun, it would be useless.

Her heart beat rapidly and fear brought tears to her eyes. Suddenly Jill felt her jeans getting wet, she was peeing herself and she couldn't stop it. Her bladder emptied itself in her pants like a Niagara Falls. Jill also felt strange feeling in her lower abdomen and soon something heavy dropped in her panties and she was still peeing. She felt the bulge on her bottom and knew that she had just pooped herself. Claire was also trembling in fear, her face was distorted from fear. Her eyes was full of tears and she was also peeing herself. Claire also felt strange feeling in her lower abdomen and soon she emptied full load in her pants.

"Mommy" Claire whispered.

TO BE CONTINUED

*016*2014-10-24 00:38

Alright I finally finished the last part. There might be many grammatical errors because I kinda rushed with the ending, so I apologise.

###

As Lickers slowly approached them, Jill examined the surrounding. There was apartment building near them, they were maybe able to get in that if they ran as fast as they could.

"Claire run into that building when I give a mark"

"What's the point? we are going to die"

"Get a grip, we are not dead yet"

Few Lickers stopped and screeched. Jill raised gun and fired one bullet to Licker's exposed brain tissues, it screeched but bullet didn't really do any damage. Other Lickers stopped and screeched too.

"Now!" Jill yelled.

Claire was still crying but she started running after Jill. Behind them Lickers followed them, Jill didn't dare to look back but it sounded like they were fast. Jill kicked building door open and quickly looked around the lobby, Claire ran in and Jill closed door. There was vending machine near the door and Jill ran behind it, she pushed it with her shoulder and Claire ran to help her. They managed to push vending machine in front of door.

"That won't hold them off for long" Claire said.

"You know what they are?" Jill asked.

"I encountered those in Raccoon City, police had named those 'Lickers'"

There was sound of breaking windows on next floor.

"Lickers can climb falls, they can't see but they're hearing is extremely sharp" Claire said.

"Then we have to be quiet" Jill said, she was sitting on floor and looked little pale.

"Are you alright?" Claire asked.

"Yeah, I just need a minute"

"We can't stay here"

"Just give me a minute"

Claire looked around. There was mailboxes on right side of the corridor, further away there was stairs and next to it was elevator. Corridor turned left after elevator, there was also sign that read: Exit.

"Jill! there is backdoor, let's go"

Jill didn't answer, Claire turned around and looked at her. Jill was lying against vending machine and she wasn't moving.

"Jill?" Claire crouched next to Jill.

Suddenly front door shattered as Licker jumped through it. Claire backed away until her back touched wall. Licker turned its head and listened. Claire's heart was beating rapidly and it was miracle that Licker hadn't heard it yet. Licker started to approach Claire and it turned its head left and right. Suddenly it stopped and turned its head to Jill, long tongue emerged from Licker's mouth and it felt Jill with it. Claire gasped quietly and Licker turned its head towards Claire. Licker approached Claire but it still didn't know that she was there. Claire hold her breath as Licker stopped just few centimeters away from her. It turned its head slowly, trying to find some sound. Claire closed her eyes and prayed for God, fear was too much for her to handle and soon she felt her crotch burning again. Licker screeched and Claire opened her eyes.

"Oh no! not now!" she thought.

Licker lowered its head, it must have heard hissing sound from Claire's crotch. Tongue emerged from Licker's mouth and it felt stream from Claire's crotch with it. Excessive fear made Claire's body function in accelerated speed and she made another mess in her pants. Licker screeched again, it now knew that Claire was there.

"Oh god"

Suddenly three shots were fired and Licker fell to floor dead. Claire's eyes were full of tears because she thought she was going to die and because she made another mess, she blinked her eyes. Jill was aiming Licker with gun and when it was sure it wouldn't get up, she dropped gun and fell on her side.

"Jill! thank god, I thought you were dead"

"I just passed out, I think I have internal bleeding"

Claire stood up and walked to Jill, as she walked she felt uncomfortable. Mess in her pants had spread on her bottom and she still had bulge on her pants.

"Jill we have to go now!"

Few Lickers screeched outside, there was also loud noises from next floor.

"Yeah you're right" Jill said.

Claire helped Jill to stood up and bend over to pick up Jill's gun.

"It's empty" Jill said.

Claire helped Jill to walk towards Exit sign, two Lickers jumped in through front door. Claire fired few times towards Lickers and then her gun made click sound, it was empty.

"Great, now we don't have any weapons" Claire said and dropped her gun.

Lickers jumped towards them, but Jill and Claire had already turned left after elevator and went through backdoor.

Jill and Claire stood at the end of long alley, there was few dead bodies but otherwise it was empty. Backdoor was made from wood so it wouldn't hold Lickers for long, there was also windows above the door. They ran towards street and were half way through when door shattered and windows broke. Claire quickly glanced behind and sighed in fear, she count at least six Lickers crawling on walls and running on alley. Claire and Jill ran to street and Claire quickly looked around. There was road blocks on their right and few zombies, left side was empty but they couldn't outrun Lickers. On other side of the street was few stores and one looked like heavily barricaded.

"That's our only chance to survive" Claire said.

They hurried across the street and made it inside the store just in time. Claire locked the door and Jill staggered to counter and sat down to floor.

"I think we are safe in here" Claire said.

"I need to rest for few minutes" Jill said.

"Alright, you rest for a moment. I try to find something we can use as a weapon"

Jill closed her eyes and Claire examined her surrounding more carefully. Store was larger than it looked from outside, there was many shelves but they all were empty. On the floor was few empty food cans.

"Great, I think this is food store. We won't find anything in here"

"Just keep looking"

Claire walked behind counter and looked under it, there was only few empty ammo boxes. Claire cursed quietly and walked to backroom door, it was unlocked. Claire looked around. Backroom was dimly lighted and backdoor was open, there was also bullet holes on the walls and few dead bodies on the floor. Claire walked to nearest dead body and examined it. She found two pistol clips and pistol. She ejected clip from pistol and weighted it, it felt full. Claire put clip back to pistol and put two clips to her pocket. She examined each body in the room and found Magnum, it was S&W M629C. Claire ejected bullets from it, there was still three useful bullets.

"Well it's better than nothing" Claire muttered and put three bullets back to Magnum.

Claire walked back to store, Jill was still sitting on the floor her eyes shut.

"I found pistol and a Magnum" Claire said.

Jill opened her eyes and Claire handed the Magnum for her.

"It says on it that it is S&W M629C. I have never shot with something that big." Claire said.

"I have used gun like this before" Jill answered.

"Good, there is still three bullets left" Claire said.

"We better get moving" Jill said and stood up.

"Are you able to walk?" Claire asked.

"Yeah, I'm alright now"

Claire nodded to Jill and they went through backroom to outside.

They were standing in alley again. It was long and they were standing in middle of it. There was multiple dumpsters and few cardboard boxes.

"Which way do we go?" Claire asked.

"Let's try left"

They walked maybe ten steps and they saw zombie lying behind the dumpster. Zombie's legs were shot off and it only had left arm, Claire raised pistol.

"No, don't shoot it" Jill said.

"Why?" Claire asked.

"Those Lickers might still be nearby"

"You're right"

Claire and Jill walked past zombie, it tried to reach them but didn't catch them. Jill and Claire ran to street and stopped. Left side was blocked by multiple zombies, right side was empty. Street in front of them had collapsed and there was burning cars in the pit.

"Looks like we only have one way to go" Jill said.

Jill and Claire only walked few steps, when howling echoed in the night.

"It's that thing again" Claire cried.

"Let's go! it hasn't found us yet"

They ran down the street to next intersection, where they stopped.

"Which way?!" Claire asked, her eyes full of tears.

"Let me think"

There was howling behind them. Claire and Jill turned around, Tyrant was approaching them. It was still far away but it would get them fast.

"Left!" Jill yelled and pulled Magnum from her waist.

"I'm not leaving you again!" Claire yelled.

"Don't worry, let's go!" Jill answered.

Jill ran behind Claire, Tyrant took few steps and then it started running. There was no way they could survive by running. Jill turned around and fired, bullet hit Tyrant in the arm eye. Eye blew into pieces and Tyrant raised its left arm to strike Jill but Jill dodged claws.

"Jill!" Claire yelled.

Jill turned around and raised Magnum. Tyrant turned and flailed in agony. Jill aimed to Tyrant's chest, place where heart would be and fired. Tyrant suddenly stopped moving, it looked paralysed. Jill fired last bullet to Tyrant's head. Tyrant let out low howl and fell down on its back. Jill dropped Magnum and looked at Tyrant.

"Is it dead?" Claire asked.

"I don't think so, let's go!"

They ran three blocks without any incidents. Street ended, they were standing in front of the library. Two police car and school bus was parked to the alley next to library.

"You think there is survivors inside?" Claire asked.

"It's worth checking" Jill said.

Front door was shattered and whole building was covered in blood and internal organs.

"I think I'm going to be sick" Claire said.

Claire was holding her right hand over her mouth and left hand over her stomach.

"We have to look around, see if there is any guns or survivors" Jill said.

Jill walked further inside. Claire leaned against the wall, her legs were trembling.

"Claire let's go"

Claire took deep breath and walked to Jill.

"Okay, I'm ready" Claire said.

They walked deeper in the library and looked every corridor between bookshelves. They only saw more internal organs and few body parts. At the end of library was few dead zombies.

"Let's check the next floor" Jill said.

Stairs was on the left side at the end of library. Jill went first and Claire followed right behind her. Second floor was smaller than the first, there was few bookshelf rows. At the back was offices and storages.

"I don't think we find anything in here" Claire said.

"Yeah, you're probably right"

"Let's get out of here"

"Hold on, we should check those offices and storages"

They walked towards offices, when there suddenly was faint voice from their left. Claire raised pistol and followed Jill towards the sound. Behind bookshelf was a man sitting against the wall. Man was dressed as a police strike team, they couldn't see his face because he had a mask and helmet. Jill and Claire slowly approached man. When they were two steps away from him, man suddenly was alarmed and he raised his right hand and pointed gun at them.

"Wait! don't shoot!" Jill yelled.

"You two are humans?" man said faintly.

"Yes" Claire said.

They walked next to man and Claire covered her mouth with her hand. Man's left hand was completely ripped and large part of his left rib was also gone.

"What happened here?" Jill asked.

"Some creatures overran this place. Dark skin, tumours growing over head and back" man answered.

"Hunters" Jill said to Claire.

"You have to get out of here, they might come back"

"Let's go Jill, there is nothing we can do"

"There is small airfield nearby, probably two blocks from here" man said.

"We are heading in there" Jill said.

Suddenly there was shrieking sound behind them. Claire and Jill turned around, Hunter was staring at them.

"Hurry! get out!" man yelled and raised his Magnum.

"What about you?" Jill asked.

"I'm already dead"

"Jill let's go!"

Hunter shrieked and man fired, Jill and Claire jumped out from the window and landed in the dumpster.

They heard few shots and then it was quiet. They quickly climbed out from the dumpster and ran down the alley. It turned sharply right and then left, soon they were standing on the street. There was few zombies wandering towards them from the right, left side was empty and opposite of them was also empty street.

"Let's go straight" Jill said.

They ignored zombies and ran straight. At the end of the street they stopped again.

"Look! there is the airfield" Jill said.

"We can finally get out of here"

"We still have to find Chris" Jill reminded.

At the same time there was growling sound from their both sides. Jill looked at left and Claire looked at right, Jill counted five doberman and Claire counted six.

"Run!" Jill yelled.

Jill and Claire ran towards the airfield, the gate was open. Dogs barked and ran after them. Claire could hear them approaching fast, fear took over her body and soon she felt familiar feeling spreading in her pants again. She was peeing herself. Pee was gushing out from her crotch and running down her legs. Few dogs stopped to sniff the ground where pee had landed before continued to follow them. Jill and Claire reached the gate and one dog jumped towards Jill and knocked her down. Jill landed on her stomach and she yelled in pain, her rib felt like she was being stabbed.

"Jill!" Claire yelled.

Claire raised gun and started firing, she managed to kill two but more was on their way. Jill tried to stand up but the pain was too much. She could only lie there and release her fear into her pants. Hot urine burned her crotch and thighs.

"Jill get up!"

"I'm trying!"

Claire continued to fire after changing new clip into gun. Jill heard dogs making strange sounds so Claire must had hit them. Three dogs were still dodging bullets, one of them jumped towards Claire and knocked her down. Gun slip from Claire's hand and slid short distance. Two dogs growled and ran towards Jill, two shots echoed in the night and dogs stopped moving. Claire had crawled to her gun and was aiming at the two dogs. Final dog barked and ran towards Claire but she took aim and fired, dog dropped down dead. Claire laughed in disbelief and emptied her bladder again in her pants. Jill also laughed in disbelief but stopped because her rib hurt. After a while Claire walked to Jill and helped her up.

"Let's get out of here" Jill said.

Claire supported Jill as they walked towards hangars, suddenly there was howl behind them.

Jill and Claire quickly turned around. Tyrant was approaching them and it looked different. There wasn't eye on the Tyrant's right arm anymore, arm had mutated into same as left hand but claws were bigger. Tyrant didn't have power resisting coat anymore.

"No way!" Claire screamed.

"We were so close" Jill said.

All the sudden a helicopter flew from somewhere, it circled above them.

"Take cover!" man voice shouted.

Claire and Jill didn't hesitate, they threw themselves to the ground and covered their head with hands. Someone fired rocket launcher from inside the chopper, rocket hit Tyrant and explosion shook the ground. After few seconds smoke cleared, there was huge pit on the place where Tyrant had stood. Claire and Jill stood up as chopper landed near them. Man jumped out from the chopper. He was tall, he had black hair. He was dressed in black costume and was wearing bulletproof vest.

"Chris?!" Jill said.

"Good to see you're safe Jill" Chris answered.

"Chris!" Claire yelled and ran to hug her brother.

"Claire! what are you doing here?!"

"I came to look for you"

Claire backed away so Chris could take good look at her.

"What happened?" Chris asked.

Jill opened her mouth but closed it because she saw where Chris was looking, to their crotch. Why it had to be Chris, from all the people in the world it had to be Chris.

"We uh...we..." Jill muttered.

Jill looked at Claire, Claire's face was almost as red as her hair and she was looking down.

"Hey! we got scared, is that a problem?!" Jill scowled.

"Calm down" Chris said and backed away few steps.

"What is that smell?" Chris continued.

"Fear" Claire whispered.

"Who is flying the chopper?" Jill asked.

"Someone you know" Chris answered.

Jill walked to chopper and jumped in, she looked into cockpit. Man was dressed in same outfit as Chris, he had brown hair and Jill recognised him.

"Carlos!"

"Good to see you too Jill" Carlos answered smirk on his face.

Claire and Chris jumped in the chopper.

"Oliveira take off" Chris said.

Jill and Claire sat down to bench and Chris sat opposite them.

"Tell us what happened to you Chris" Jill said as chopper began to rise.

"Well, after I fell down to alley from your apartment, two Umbrella soldiers knocked me unconscious. They took me to their secret base and tossed me into cell. I was there few hours and then Oliveira released me" Chris told.

"After Raccoon City I went undercover into Umbrella, they told me about Chris, you and other S.T.A.R.S members" Carlos said to Jill.

"Oliveira told me what happened in Raccoon City and we sneaked out from Umbrella's base. We took some weapons and gear from there and this chopper" Chris continued.

"Why Umbrella released T-virus again?" Jill asked.

"They needed more combat data and they wanted to test new B.O.W" Carlos answered.

"How are they gonna cover this?" Jill asked.

"They bribed some terrorist organisation so they could blame them. Umbrella is going to nuke this city too" Carlos answered.

"It's Raccoon City all over again" Jill said.

"When are they going to nuke the city?" Claire asked.

"As soon as the sun rises" Carlos said.

"We only have maybe twenty minutes to get out of here" Chris said.

"Don't worry, we're almost out from the city" Carlos said.

Suddenly chopper shook madly and warning sounds bleeped, there was also red warning light blinking.

"Hang on! we're going down" Carlos yelled.

Claire fasten safety belt and covered her head with hands, Chris and Jill did same. Chopper spun wildly and Claire felt her bottom burning again, she was wetting herself.

"No, not again" Claire whispered to herself.

Jill wasn't doing any better, she was also peeing herself. Hot urine spread in her pants and ran down her legs. Chopper landed to the street and they were alive.

"What's the situation?" Chris asked.

"All systems are red" Carlos said.

"Can you fix it?"

"Yes, I need few minutes"

Angry howl emanated to their ears, they looked left and saw Tyrant standing in front of the gas station. Tyrant had mutated again, it looked more agile, stronger and angrier. It had wings on its back and four arms, every arm had long claws, lower arms had bigger claws.

"Oliveira I don't want to rush you but hurry!" Chris yelled.

Jill, Claire and Chris jumped out from the chopper, Carlos began to fix the chopper. Chris grabbed three assault rifles and tossed two of them to Jill and Claire. They raised their guns and aimed Tyrant.

"Let's kill this thing once and for all" Jill said.

It all ends here, final battle against Umbrella's monster. Tyrant howled and walked towards them.

"We have to keep it away from the chopper!" Chris yelled.

Tyrant howled again and ran towards them, it was lot faster than before. Jill, Claire and Chris jumped out from its way and started firing at it. Bullets didn't seemed to have any effect on it. Tyrant turned around and ran towards Claire.

"Look out!" Chris yelled.

Chris lunged forward and pushed Claire out of the way. Tyrant struck with its hand and claws hit Chris.

"Chris!" Claire yelled.

Tyrant hit Chris again with the back of its hand, Chris flew to the air and landed few meters away from chopper. Bulletproof vest was torn but Chris was okay.

"How is the chopper?" Chris asked.

"I need more time" Carlos answered.

Claire and Jill fired Tyrant but it didn't even notice bullets, it walked towards Chris. Chris stood up and ran away from the chopper, Tyrant stopped and then it ran towards Chris. Chris dodged claws and ran away from Tyrant before he fired.

"It's not working, we need more firepower!" Jill yelled.

"I need new clip!" Claire said.

"Here! take these!" Carlos yelled.

Jill looked at the chopper, Carlos tossed Magnum to Jill and clip to Claire. Claire changed new clip and Jill fired Magnum. Bullet hit Tyrant to the back, it had enough power to get its attention. Tyrant turned around and ran towards Jill, Jill fired again but Tyrant didn't even flinched. Claire raised her gun and fired, Chris did the same. Tyrant suddenly stopped and looked around, then it ran towards Claire.

"Claire run!" Chris yelled.

Claire screamed and ran away from Tyrant. Jill fired again but Tyrant followed Claire. Tyrant slashed Claire to back, Claire fell down to her stomach, she had wound on her back. Tyrant raised its all arms for a killing strike, Claire screamed and she made a mess in her pants again. Jill fired twice, Tyrant flinched and Claire had enough time to escape.

"We can't win like this!" Jill yelled.

"Oliveira!?" Chris yelled over the noise of assault rifle.

"Almost done!" Carlos answered.

"Jill! throw me the Magnum, I have a idea" Chris yelled.

Jill threw Magnum to Chris, Chris fired last Magnum bullet to Tyrant. Tyrant turned around and howled.

"Claire, run away from me!" Chris said to Claire.

Tyrant ran towards Chris, its left arms were raised. Claire ran away from Chris. Chris ran towards gas station and dodged Tyrant's claws. Claws hit gas pump and gasoline sprayed over Tyrant. Chris picked up a lighter from his pocket.

"Take cover!" Chris yelled and tossed burning lighter to the gasoline.

Tyrant deflagrated and started to burn, Chris ran away from gas station before it caught fire and exploded.

Explosion shook the ground and blast wave hit everyone. Jill didn't know which way was up or down, left or right. Jill's ears were ringing and her vision was blurred. She heard someone shouting something but her ears were ringing too much. Jill looked around and saw Carlos waving his hand and Chris helping Claire, Claire's left shoulder was bleeding.

"Jill! we have to go!" Chris yelled.

Jill stood up and walked towards chopper, Chris helped Claire to chopper and then he helped Jill.

"Take off!" Chris yelled and jumped inside chopper.

Jill looked at gas station, it was pretty much exploded into pieces. She didn't see Tyrant anywhere. Chopper rose and Chris was took care of Claire's wound. Suddenly pile of concrete started moving and Tyrant rose from there. Tyrant's lower arms were ripped and its left hand was hanging from piece of flesh. There was also large part of its lower rib missing.

"How can it still be alive!?" Jill asked.

"Oliveira! what weapons this thing have?"

"Gatling guns and missiles"

"Shoot that monster, kill it"

Carlos pushed button and gatling guns shoot bullets towards Tyrant. Bullets ripped large parts of Tyrant's skin but it was still standing. Carlos pushed another button and few missiles flew to Tyrant, explosion was huge but after smoke cleared, Tyrant was still standing.

"No way!" Carlos said.

"Shoot everything!" Chris said.

Carlos pushed buttons and six more missiles flew to Tyrant. After smoke cleared, Tyrant was still standing but there wasn't much left of it.

"Oh no" Jill said.

Chris looked at Jill and then he looked what Jill looked. There was something small flying up in the horizon.

"Get us out of here, it's coming" Chris said.

"Already!" Carlos said.

Carlos piloted chopper towards the outskirt. Jill sat down to bench, tense made her pee again. Pee ran down her legs and spread beneath her bottom. Jill could breathe more easily as they left the city behind, missile in the horizon had started descend. They were far away from city when the missile hit it, Jill closed her eyes as nuclear explosion wiped the city and blast wave shook chopper.

"That does it, we have to take Umbrella down once and for all" Chris said.

Jill nodded and closed her eyes again, they were finally safe. Claire was still feeling dizzy but her thoughts were running clear, she knew that after this she would definitely have to wear diapers all the time. Her control was totally gone.

"Thanks Oliveira, we wouldn't made it out alive without you" Chris said.

Jill opened her eyes and saw Chris shaking hands with Carlos, she smiled and closed her eyes as they flew towards sunrise.

THE END

Lastly I would like to know was this story too long, too short or between that. I personally like to write long stories and I'm intend to write more stories at some point but now I take a little break :) I also want to know do you want long or short stories. And what features you want, like bedwetting, fear wetting, diapers etc.

At this point I can reveal that I have few ideas for Resident Evil, Batgirl and Hermione stories. I also have few ideas for Pokemon story but at this point it's not going to work.

See ya soon :D
