The pee that wouldn't end

Author: nakasette

*000*2011-01-29 04:12

"Well that's it."

I said triumphantly after finishing my marathon reading of one of my favorite novels. Unfortunately when i get into reading one of these things i lose track of nearly everything around me, and that includes bodily functions. Most suddenly i became aware of a large weight in my stomach. I'd been reading since about midnight, and from the looks of the sun peeking through my window blinds i gauged it to be somewhere around 6:30. (it should be noted this was a period of my life where my sleep schedule was very erratic if i even slept at all)

"Wow, i can't even remember the last time i had a pee."

I thought to myself as I got out of bed and walked over to the bathroom on the side of the house, but then as i was about to turn the handle i heard the sound of the shower come on. The initial sound caused my stomach to twinge in pain as the need worsened.

"Hey, who's in there?"

"I'm getting ready for school!"

My sisters shout came back at me.

"Argh, this isn't good, i know how long she takes in there."

I thought frantically as the pressure which was just sitting began to tighten, causing my you know what to become harder as a line of defense to hold it all in. I walked quickly out to the kitchen, trying to find a place to go when i noticed the sink. I looked down the hall in the direction of the bathroom, then back again at the empty sink.

"Ah heck, why not?"

I thought as i stepped up to the sink and pulled my semi hard dick out. I aimed toward the drain but couldn't start.

"Dangit, I'm too hard."

I rubbed and squeezed it a bit, trying to get it to loosen up, finally, with a little more coaxing, the floodgates opened.

"Ahhhh, that feels good."

Pee streamed from me with incredible force, but the feeling of heaviness in my bladder wasn't letting up. After 15 seconds of going, I heard a familiar and dreaded sound.

"Ack! not now!"

There was the sound of jingling keys and the door creaking open, I knew it was my mom returning from the midnight shift, and she was probably headed straight for the kitchen. I quickly mustered up my strength and stemmed the flow, and stuffed it back down in my pants.

"Oi, morning Rock, what's up? Wasn't expecting you up and about at this hour."

I managed a hasty greeting as i speedily went back to my room and shut my door. I clutched myself down through my shorts, as my penis screamed at me to allow it to release. I started digging through the trash looking for something, anything that i could use.

"Ah ha! this is perfect."

I thought as i found an empty mountain dew bottle, luckily there were still two in my room from the last time some friends stayed over. I hastily pulled my dick out aimed and began to fill the bottle.

"Whew, almost lost it there."

The first bottle was filling fast as, the sound of splashing heavily echoing from its top. I let my penis hang freely as i picked up the next bottle to make the switch. Finally the first bottle filled, i clenched yet again to stop long enough to put the second bottle under, but accidently let go too soon causing some to splatter the carpet before i had it aimed into the second.

"Crud, just how long can this pee go on?"

I thought as i heard my mom yell for me, the second was 3/4 full and showing no signs of stopping.

"Not again!"

I yelled to myself as i stopped the pee.

"Are you alright? you barely said anything to me."

"I'm fine mom, actually I think I'm going out to play in the woods."

I figured at least outside no one would interrupt me as I still felt rather full.

"Ok, keep your phone on you."

"Right"

I put shoes on and dashed out into the woods. After I was a good distance away from the houses I found a good tree and stepped up to it, once again I unzipped pulled my cock out and let loose. I sighed heavily as my pee trickled out onto the ground.

"Finally, this has been a nightmare."

I muttered to myself as i relaxed and looked up at the tree.

"whatcha doin?"

"going to the bathroom, what's it look likeeeeeEEEYYYYAAAAHHHHH!"

I jumped as i realized the voice had come from a little girl who was peeking around from behind the tree.

"ohhh, but there's no potty here."

She said in a tiny voice, it was then that i realized she was staring right at my still going penis. I whirled around and tried to stop, but no good, my tired bladder couldn't take it anymore.

"My mommy says you should always use the potty, you're bad, I'm telling!"

The girl yelled at me as she turned around and ran towards the houses.

"Oh crap, this can't end well, why won't this stupid pee end already???"

*beep* *beep* *beep* *beep* *beep*

"What the heck is that?"

I thought as the world around me began fading, and all at once my eyes lept open to reveal my room. I had fallen asleep reading.

"Oh... just a dream huh? No wonder there was such a strange series of events."

I rolled over and placed a hand on my alarm clock to silence it, and brought my hands up to wipe my eyes as i felt familiar feeling down below. I had a serious hard on but that wasn't going to hold up for long.

"Wow, now i really have to go!"

I dashed out of my room and bumped into my sister as she was heading to the bathroom.

"Hey watch it will ya!"

She yelled,

"Nope, this is not happening again!"

I retaliated as i slammed the door shut, walked over to the toilet, pulled out my semi morning wood afflicted dick and proceeded to a massive pee. I peed for what seemed like forever even though it was probably just over a minute. Finally the pee trickled off and I sighed at the profound relief it brought.

"Ahhhhh, about time, that's so much better..."

After i stepped out my sister remarked

"What do you mean happening again?"

"Nothing, it's a long story."

I said as i walked back to my room.

End

*002*2011-01-29 08:24

My apologies, I try to use different words so it's not like your just reading a page of penis penis penis... even that is awkward for me to right. Anyway, looking back on it I'm not sure i even like the story, I wouldn't read it. But whatever.

*005*2011-02-09 18:03

Well there you go, uncensored for whoever cares.

