High School Sucks, Part 1

Author: ngpeegirl19

*000*2010-11-03 03:32

15-year-old Katie Sullivan has difficulty controlling her bladder. She wets her bed at night and if she doesn't get to the bathroom in time during the day, she has an accident. No one, not even her family knows about her condition because she is way too embarrassed to tell anyone about it.

It's Katie's very first day of high school, where everyone is so judgemental of one another. Katie is wondering how she would ever fit in because of her problem, so she's just staying isolated from the other students at all costs.

During 3rd period, Which is math class, Katie suddenly starts to feel pressure building up in in her bladder and she starts to feel the need to go to the bathroom. The blonde girl crosses her legs and raises her right hand.

"Ms. Yang," Katie asks her teacher nervously, "May I go to the bathroom?"

"No, Katie," Ms. Yang says in a stern tone, "I do not allow my students to use the restroom during class. You need to go BEFORE you come to class."

"But I really need to go."

"Well you're just going to have to hold it until the end of class."

"I don't think I can wait that long." Katie said as she slid her hand between her legs.

"Sorry." said Ms. Yang.

Katie's bladder is filling up more and more by the minute. She's trying to concentrate on her work and not think about how painfully she has to pee, but it's not working. The blue-eyed girl taps her pencil on her desk and she stares at the clock, desperately waiting for math class to be over so she can rush to the bathroom and relieve herself.

It's just five minutes before class is over and Katie has to go so bad she's almost in tears. Now she's wiggling around in her seat, with her legs crossed AND her hands between them. She feels like she's gonna burst at any given moment.

The bell for 4th period finally rings. Katie leaps up of of her seat, ready to make a beeline for the restroom, but Ms. Yang stops everyone from leaving for a minute.

"Now before you all go to your next class, I'd like to give you your homework assignments for tonight."

As Katie desperately waits for her assignment, a little urine starts to leak out. "Oh, no..." she panics.

When Katie finally gets her homework, she bolts out of the classroom and heads for the restroom, but as she's running even more urine begins to leak out. Since Katie's wearing a blue polo dress, it splashes right onto the floor. Katie's cheeks turn red and tears fill her eyes.

Katie is only halfway down the hall before she totally loses all control of her bladder. She pees all over her dress and all over the floor, practially flooding the hallway. Katie's face is now beet-red and she bursts into tears, only drawing more attention to herself.

Other students in the hallway stop long enough to watch Katie totally wet the floor as she is crying hysterically. They all watch and laugh as if it were a sketch on Saturday Night Live.

The only student who isn't laughing is Miguel Martinez, a boy who Katie has a serious crush on. Miguel is the last person Katie wants to see now that she's in such a mess. Miguel scolds the kids for making fun of Katie.

"Hey, there's nothing to see here," the young man says in Katie's defense, "You guys go away!"

Niguel reached for Katie's hand, but the girl flinches.

"Don't look at me." Katie whispers as she looks down at the floor.

"Want me to take you to the Lost and Found so you can find something to wear for the rest of the day?" Miguel asks Katie.

"I can't go," Katie sobs, "Everyone's gonna see me like this."

"Don't worry, I'll be right here with you," Miguel said as he reaches out his hand, "Ready?"

"Yeah," Katie sniffles, "I guess so."

