Gemma's wet weekend - Page 3

Author: Barry

*056*2016-10-05 02:59

Chapter 23:

'Im not sure about this.' It was the umpteenth time Gemma had made a remark of this nature today, and at least the hundredth time she'd said it that week.

Crystal looked up from across the room. Both girls were wearing nothing but panties and t-shirts, and were sitting opposite each other, fully engrossed with the act of painting their toenails. It was 4:30 Saturday afternoon, and the preparation for the big date night was now at fever pitch.

'Why do you keep saying that?' Crystal asked. You keep on about wanting to go out on more dates, now you've got one, and with a nice guy as well! Relax! Just go with it. You're not actually marrying him you realise.'

Gemma sighed. 'I know, I know. You're right. I don't know why I'm so nervous, but I am. I guess it's just knowing that he's going to like it if I wet myself. It still seems kinda weird!'

'Gem, remember, you're not supposed to know that! Just pretend you don't. You're focusing on that bit too much I think.'

'Probably. But I can't help that. It is kinda weird!'

Crystal looked up from the toe she was trying to focus on, giving her friend a quizzical glance.

'What? Weirder than you wearing diapers till you were like nine? Weirder than you being allowed to wear pull ups till you were thirteen, just because you wanted to? Weirder than being allowed to wet your pants whenever you wanted to, Or is it weirder than you and I spending most of our teenage years peeing in our swimsuits around each other, or peeing in our knickers before we showered? Just how weird do you mean exactly?'

Gemma blushed. 'You know what I mean,' she mumbled.

'Not really, no.' Crystal replied. 'I don't get why you're hung up about that. You enjoyed wetting when you were a kid, and you still do. Fair enough it might not be a totally sexual thing for you, but you like it. You don't have a problem with knowing that me and Toni like it, so why judge Dave about it? I'm having trouble with your ethics on this one buddy! You accepted me getting a girlfriend easier than you can accept a guy having a fetish! Double standards much?'

Startled, Gemma looked up from her own toenails. 'Geez! Sorry Cris.' She said sarcastically. 'Didn't know I wasn't being open minded enough for ya!'

'Typical! Get on the offensive straight away? So totally you, Gemma! But you know I'm right. You've done your fair share of weird shit over the years, we both have. I don't understand why meeting a guy who likes the same type of stuff is a big deal!'

Gemma sighed again. 'I suppose you're right Cris. Like I said. It's just that, I dunno, it always seemed like kinda such a "girlie" thing when we did it, and Dave certainly doesn't look like a girlie type of guy! He doesn't seem to fit the image I get of the guys I see on the AB website I guess. So many of them want a mummy figure to treat them like babies and stuff, and Dave doesn't fit that description very well at all.'

Crystal smiled as she screwed the lid back on her nail polish, admiring her toenails. 'That's a point I'll give you. I've only met him twice, and he is quite a manly man. I haveta admit I was a bit surprised when Tone told us about his dirty little secret! But don't you see? It's perfect! You know that if you go out with any guy, 'specially if you're gonna drink, you're gonna end up wetting your pants or your bed eventually. That's going to be difficult for a guy with more, uh, let's say "vanilla" tastes to accept! And you don't actually start the conversation off with "Hi, I'm Gemma, I wet myself and need to wear a diaper to bed when I'm drinking!" That's not the ice breaker to open with, trust me!'

'Okayokayokay! I do get your point. It's just weird, that's all. Now, help me plait my hair while it's still wet? I want it wavy tonight!'

Crystal spread her legs, motioning for her friend to sit on the floor between her feet. The conversation turned towards what they were wearing, and where they would go for dinner.

By 5:30, Crystal was wearing a classic "Little black dress," the same one that she had been wearing in the picture that Toni had shown her prospective suitor. A lacy black bra, black silk panties, (lined with the obligatory Poise padding) black pantyhose and black heels. Her purse contained two spare pairs of panties and more pads, just in case.

Crystal was wearing a short pleated navy blue skirt with a red blouse. Gemma joked that she was one of the most feminine looking lesbians that she had ever seen. Crystal laughed, lifting her skirt up to show off the diaper that was visible through her flesh coloured pantyhose. She actually didn't need the diaper as much as what Gemma did, at least until bedtime, but Toni liked it when she wore one, so she had been wearing one "just because" a lot more frequently of late.

'You know,' Gemma said, 'I don't think I've worn a diaper or pull up outside the house since I was eleven. Mum let me wear one when we went on long drives. What's it like wearing in public?'

'Scary.' Crystal admitted. 'But not too bad under a skirt. I get nervous wearing under my jeans though. I always get the feeling other people can tell.'

'So why do you guys do it then?'

'Toni likes it. Simple as that. If she drinks too much, she leaks a lot more if she laughs and stuff, so it makes her feel better to have protection on. Plus she gets a kick out of knowing I'm wearing with her. It makes her feel better if she's wearing with somebody else.'

'Have you guys ever, um, well, like deliberately used them? I mean like totally used them on purpose when you go out?'

Crystal giggled. 'If you mean wet them, well yes. We never shit in them though. That'd be gross!'

'Oh yuck!' Gemma said. 'Of course I meant wet them! I wouldn't expect you to poop in them!'

'Do you remember pooping your cloth nappy that time when we were like eight?' Crystal enquired.

Gemma blushed at the memory. They had had a sleepover at Crystals, and, as usual, Gemma had gone back home before going to bed so her mother could put her into her cloth diaper and plastic pants. This of course meant that Gemma couldn't easily remove it if she wanted to use the toilet. She had woken up dry, but busting for a wee, and had deliberately wet herself not long after getting up. The girls had eaten breakfast, and were watching cartoons, when the first rumblings started in her stomach. She couldn't take her wet diaper off without a hassle, and Fleur always liked Gemma to have a shower after wearing a wet nappy anyway, so she decided to hold on until she got home. But then Crystal wanted to come over and play, so Gemma had to wait for her friend to get ready, which seemed to take forever.

She was starting to fidget around, farting occasionally but thankfully silently, as she packed up her overnight bag, while her friend finally got dressed. After what seemed like forever, Crystal was ready, and she and Gemma, wearing nothing but a nightie and a wet diaper, finally walked next door. Once they got there, they had walked in through the unlocked back door, only to find Fleur was already in the shower. The girls went outside to play, when suddenly Gemma's stomach had cramped, and she froze on the spot, unable to stop her bowels from clenching, and she looked at her friend in horror as she felt a big runny squirt issue from between her butt cheeks.

'Crystal! Help! I just pooed myself,' she whispered.

'Quick,' Crystal had replied, 'go to the toilet!'

'I can't move!' Gemma again whispered. 'It's happening again!'

With that, her body took over, and she involuntarily pushed. She apparently had a touch of an upset stomach, and ended up filling her diaper with watery poop, while losing control of her bladder at the same time. That was the last straw, and she broke down into inconsolable tears, while Crystal stood by helplessly, having absolutely no idea what to do.

Thats how Fleur found them. Gemma, legs spread wide and bawling her eyes out, and Crystal, open mouthed in shock, shuffling her feet nervously and looking embarrassed for her best friend.

'What's going on out here?' Fleur had asked. 'What's wrong Gemma? Are you hurt?'

In between wracking sobs, Gemma had managed to blurt out 'Mummy! I pooed in my nappy.....'

Taking charge of the situation, Crystal was sent straight home, while a sobbing Gemma was led to the bathroom, and her nightie removed, leaving her dressed in only her sagging cloth diaper and plastic panties.

'Have you finished going yet sweetie?' Fleur had asked her daughter.

Gemma could only shake her head, tears continuing to run unobstructed down her cheeks.

'Well finish going first darling. Push it all out, then we'll get you into a nice hot shower.'

This instruction was greeted by the sound of a very wet, gurgling farting noise, and Gemma burst into fresh tears.

The clean up had been long and unpleasant, and she had started vomiting while in the shower. Gemma had been diapered again as soon as she had finished drying off. She had a bad case of the runs, and an upset stomach, and although she didn't soil herself again, she wet her diaper a few times while throwing up later.

By late morning, Crystal and her brother were suffering from the same symptoms, and it was later decided that the chicken nuggets the children had eaten for dinner the previous night must have been off, causing a mild case of food poisoning. Thankfully it hadn't been too serious, and by late afternoon they all felt much better, although the girls didn't see each other again that day. Gemma had been the worst affected, and spent most of the day sleeping, with a bucket nearby for her infrequent bouts of sickness.

Now, twelve years later, Gemma still shuddered at the memory of messing herself uncontrollably in front of both her mother and her best friend.

'Yeah. I remember. I don't think I'll ever forget that day,' she told her friend. 'But you do wet them? On purpose?'

Crystal blushed. 'Well, yeah, sometimes. It's kinda like what you and me used to do in a way. You know, naughty. But this time it's in the club with people all around us, so it feels REALLY naughty!'

'How long have you two been doing that for?' Gemma asked, a bit shocked.

'Only lately I guess. I think it started a couple of weeks ago. Toni has to wear a diaper when she's drinking, and we were at a club, and there was a long line for the ladies room. Toni was trying to wait until the line got shorter, but she started having little accidents. I dared her to just give up, and use her nappy, and she did! Later on, I went to the loo, and she dared me to pee through my knickers, so I did! It's become a bit of a game between us now, and we like to wear and wet in public, and tell each other about it. I know that sounds a bit weird, but it's kinda hot!'

'You know something,' Gemma remarked, 'The next time the three of us go out together, I might just wear one as well!'

Their fit of giggling was interrupted by Crystals phone beeping. Toni was in the taxi, and only five minutes away. The girls hurriedly grabbed their purses, and went down to meet her.

*060*2016-10-06 05:49

Thanks for that Satyr, glad you're enjoying it.

You nailed it. Obviously there will be a weekend away coming up in the near future.

But the accents or vernacular are primarily Australian. Mate!

*062*2016-10-07 23:15

Authors Note: Picked up a typo I can't edit. Gemma is wearing the black dress, not Crystal. Can't believe I did that!

Chapter 24:

"Clancy's", was a smart, upmarket, urban pub, smack in the middle of the nightclub and restaurant district. Based on a British theme, there was lots of dark wood paneling, subdued lighting, a large, oval shaped bar in the middle with hanging glasses and lots of imported beers on tap, intimate booths lining the walls, and lots of old photographs and British memorabilia adorning the walls. There was a juke box, two pool tables, and a separate lounge/dining area as well.

From five in the afternoon onwards, there was a strict dress code, with heavy set security both inside and outside enforcing good behaviour, and the drinks were reasonably expensive compared to other local hotels. This usually meant that the clientele was more sophisticated, and the after work "tradie" crowd drank elsewhere. Most of the serious party crowd wouldn't be going out for hours yet, so the girls had no trouble securing a comfortable booth. Gemma sat on one side and asked Crystal to sit beside her, because she didn't want to have to sit beside Dave from the first second she met him, and he could comfortably sit opposite her, beside his best buddy Toni. Gemma bought the first round of drinks, three white wines, wincing a bit at the price. There were certainly cheaper places to go, she thought, but at least it was a bit classy.

Returning to their booth, Gemma distributed the drinks.

'Make 'em last guys, we'll be selling our kidneys to get home at these prices,' she muttered.

Toni was looking at her phone. 'Message from Dave,' she explained, opening it.

'Let me guess,' Gemma said sarcastically. 'Something's come up, he can't make it, and he's sorry. Oh well! We tried! Come on, drink up, we'll grab a wine cask and go home and watch "Marley and Me" again!'

Toni laughed. 'Settle down Tiger. He's in the cab. Just checking if we were here yet. He's ten minutes away,' she explained, typing her reply.

Crystal was halfway through relating a funny story about something that had happened at the Uni, when Gemma felt a light kick on her foot. Turning her attention to Toni, she saw the older girl smiling at her, and gesturing towards the front door with a flick of her head. Gemma glanced over, seeing a guy standing inside the door, looking around nervously.

He was a big feller. At least six foot two, broad shoulders, big arms straining against the fabric of his dress shirt, which was tucked into a pair of dress jeans. He wore brown leather shoes, had his long, dirty blonde dreadlocks cascading over his collar, and apart from a tuft of hair under his bottom lip above his chin, was clean shaven. There didn't appear to be an ounce of excess fat on him. His stomach was flat, his chest large, his waist narrow. He obvious either worked out a lot, or did a physically demanding job.

Although he appeared unsure of himself, he moved with a certain grace, as if he was completely at ease with his surroundings, and carried his large frame with poise and balance, smiling and waving as he saw a group of people he knew at the bar. He continued to scan the crowd, his swivelling head stopping when he saw Toni's waving arm from across the room.

It looked as if he took a deep breath before starting across to them, his natural grace showing itself when a girl suddenly turned quickly away from the bar without warning, spilling her drink in his direction, causing him to step with a quick, lithe grace around her, almost as if he had been expecting her to do it, and saving his brown shirt from wearing the drink that sloshed out of her glass as she spun. She giggled a drunken apology and smiled at him, but he simply smiled back, stepping around the puddle on the floor without breaking stride. Another few steps saw him standing nervously in front of the booth where the girls sat.

'Hi Tone, Crissy,' he said, smiling directly at each one in turn, before turning his gaze onto Gemma.

Their eyes met briefly, and they smiled cautiously at one another, both aware that this was a "spotlight" moment, with the other two watching them intently. In that brief second when their eyes met, they could both see the same things in each other's looks. Nerves, good humour, and just a touch of embarrassment and self consciousness.

Daves first thoughts were 'Holy shit! She really is hot! What the hell am I doing here? I'm way outta my league now.'

Gemma was thinking along the same lines. 'I knew this was a bad idea. This bloke is gorgeous! I bet I look like a piece of shit to him!'

Toni stood up, and with a certain amount of exhuberance, proudly announced, 'David, meet Gemma, Gemma, this is The D-Man!'

Suddenly unsure of the correct protocol, Gemma tried to stand up, but her tight dress, combined with the table, resulted in her only becoming half upright before the restrictiveness of the situation prevented her from moving freely. Suddenly she felt extremely awkward, not knowing whether to clamber out fully and stand up, or just sit back down again. Dave came quickly to her rescue, telling her to stay seated, before Toni shuffled back across the bench, allowing him to sit down.

Once seated, he leaned over and planted a chaste kiss on Toni's cheek, then extended his hand towards Crystal first, allowing Gemma the chance to sit back down again, mentally cursing herself.

Great start dickhead! Could I possibly look any more uncoordinated than that, She thought to herself. What a first impression!

But if Dave was bothered at all, it didn't show. He allowed her enough time to get seated, and smooth her dress back down, before extending his hand towards her.

'Hi Gemma. Nice to meet you. Toni's been telling me a lot about you, and I have to say, I thought she may have been exaggerating, but I can see now that she wasn't!'

His grip was firm, but soft. She could feel how calloused his hands were, and how big they were as well, completely enveloping her own. She smiled back at him, simply saying hello at first, but they seemed to maintain hand contact for perhaps a second or two longer than what a normal introductory handshake would entail.

Toni spoke up, more for the sake of preventing any silence than any other reason.

'Did you work today Dave?'

'Yeah,' he replied. 'Only till one though. I'm laying a slab for a mate down the road. You?'

'Not today.' Toni said. 'Gotta work next Saturday though.'

Turning his smile towards Gemma, he asked, 'What about you Gemma? Do you work on Saturdays at all?'

'Sometimes,' she replied, 'Don't like it much though!'

'Where do you work?' Dave asked, with apparently genuine interest.

She told him, hesitantly at first about her job, and what she did, and was surprised that he seemed interested. He asked a few questions, and soon enough, the risk of an awkward silence had disappeared, and they were all chatting away with at least a relative ease. Soon, the girls drinks were almost empty, and David collected their glasses and headed to the bar, as he was starting to become quite thirsty himself by that stage.

'So? What do you think?' Toni whispered excitedly, as soon as he was out of earshot. Both her and Crystal were grinning broadly, and despite her best efforts, Gemma found herself joining in as well. There was an almost "little girls slumber party" mood settling in around the table, with the three girls talking in hushed voices, as if they were telling each other about their secret crushes.

'I dunno, he certainly seems nice!' Gemma said. And you were right, he's kinda hot, isn't he?'

'I think he likes you!' Crystal confided. 'You can tell by the way he looks at you!'

'Piss off Cris! We met like ten fucking minutes ago!'

'You piss off! I can tell!'

'She's right Gemmy! I think he liiiikessss yoooouuuu!,' Toni declared in a sing-song voice, which caused them all to giggle.

They were still giggling a few minutes later, when David returned with another round of drinks, his large hands having no problem with carrying two glasses in each one. Another wine each for the girls, and a pint of beer for himself. He was of course aware that he had become the topic of conversation during his absence, simply because that's what girls do, but he just hoped that it had been a favourable conversation. He hadn't harboured any realistic hopes of anything coming out of this date, but now he had met this dark haired beauty with coffee coloured skin, raven black hair, and a seemingly bubbly personality, he was more determined than ever to try and make a good impression. Despite his earlier reservations, he was now happy that he'd let Toni set this up.

Just don't blow it, he told himself.

For the next hour they just chatted, covering a wide range of topics. When the subject of favourite movies came up, Gemma asked him what his own favourite was.

'Easy,' he said. 'But it's a bit old school though, so don't laugh!'

'We won't laugh,' Crystal assured him. 'Tell us!'

'Alien,' he responded sheepishly. 'I've always loved that one.'

Gemma and Crystal exchanged a look, and simultaneously burst into laughter, leaving him looking bemused. 'Hey! You promised not to laugh, remember? What's so funny?'

'Oh my God! Crystal and I must've killed that stupid alien like a million times when we were little!' Gemma informed him. 'It was my favourite movie, and I made Cris watch it as well. We used to pretend we were alien hunters on a mission! Remember that, Commander Crystal?'

'Course I do,' she replied. 'You always got to be Ripley though!'

Both girls, now with a couple of drinks under their belts, shrieked with laughter, causing Dave and Toni to join in as well.

As she laughed, Gemma suddenly felt a slight loosening of her bladder, and a squirt of pee shot out. Not a large one, but big enough to cause a big wet spot on her pad. Suddenly alarmed, Gemma realised that she apparently needed to pee but hadn't been aware of it until now, but she tried not to be overly obvious about it.

'Bathroom Cris?' She enquired, and stood up, feeling another little leak as she got to her feet.

Cris sighed. She not only didn't need to go, but she was safely diapered as well, but joining your friend for a bathroom visit was just something that you do when you're a girl, so she excused herself and followed Gemma to the toilet.

Once inside, Gemma hurried into the nearest stall, hitching her dress up before the door had even closed properly. She had felt another dribble during the walk across the bar, and realised that since she had stood up, her need to pee had skyrocketed. She yanked her lacy black panties down only two seconds before her bum hit the toilet seat, and only five seconds before her pee started gushing out of her in a strong stream, causing her to sigh with relief. She hung her head, looking into the crotch of her panties, and stared at the sodden, yellow stained pad that was nestled in the gusset of them. After she wiped, she pulled her pad out, a bit surprised by how heavy it was. She must've peed herself a bit more than she had thought, and she ran a hand through her knickers. They were basically still dry, with the smallest exception being along the elastic on one side of the crotch, where her pad must have leaked a drop or two.

She could hear Toni in the next stall. First, a tinkling sound, then, the tearing off of paper. A couple of seconds later the seat rattled a bit as she apparently stood up. This was followed by a faint rustling sound, one that only a well trained ear would decipher where its source came from. It was the familiar sound of a large pull up being, well, pulled up. Gemma smiled as she wiped herself, then replaced her pad with a fresh one. Both toilets flushed simultaneously, and the girls emerged at the same time, smiling at each other because of their perfect timing. Gemma held her wet pad discreetly in her hand, and deposited it in the trash can under the sink.

'Bit wet?' Crystal enquired with a raised eyebrow.

'Yeah. Close call actually. I peed a bit when we laughed.'

They were standing side by side, checking their make up in the mirror above the sink as they washed their hands.

'You gonna tell Dave you peed your knickers?' Crystal asked cheekily.

'Crystal!' Gemma shrieked in horror. 'Don't be bloody stupid! Don't you dare say anything either!'

Crystal placated her friend with a grin. 'Don't be silly Gem. Of course I won't say anything, I'm just being stupid. But it would be fun to see his reaction though, wouldn't it?'

Gemma couldn't help but laugh. 'You're right Crissy. But if anybody tells him stuff like that. It'll be me, okay?'

'Oh! Does that mean you WILL tell him then?'

'Maybe...,' Gemma said with a smirk, leaving Crystal with her mouth hanging open a bit with shock.

*065*2016-10-20 11:52

Chapter 25:

Eventually the group moved up the road to "Blue Cow," a steak and seafood restaurant. The talk continued, and the drinks flowed, although not at a ridiculous pace, as nobody was in the mood to get rotten drunk in front of the others. But after a few drinks, Gemma and Dave became a lot more relaxed, and the initial awkwardness passed. Even though the topics of conversation were fairly general, it quickly became a sort of game, where many different things were discussed, just to compare each other's tastes against their own. Music, movies, television, books, holiday destinations and sport were all discussed briefly. It was amazing just how much they had in common. Although they certainly didn't agree on everything, they shared many similarities regarding their tastes and opinions. At each new revelation, Toni and Crystal would exchange a smile or a knowing look with each other.

The conversation turned towards where their next port of call would be. Being in the middle of the nightclub precinct, the options were many and varied. Dave had a friend working the door at "The Townhouse," a large hotel famous for its live music. There was a band playing there that night, as there was every Saturday, and Dave thought he may be able to get them in at a discounted price.

After the main course had been devoured, Gemma decided that another pit stop would be a smart idea before they left. Crystal declined the invitation to accompany her this time though, stating that she didn't need to go. Gemma believed her, but also suspected that her friend was probably going to start using her diaper from then on anyway. She knew that Toni was diapered as well, and had noticed that she hadn't gone to the bathroom once since they'd been out. Knowing that Toni was mildly incontinent, and had been drinking, made Gemma wonder to herself just how wet the young woman's nappy was already, and how wet it would get by the end of the night. The thought of her two friends going home and frolicking about together in their soaked nappies brought a smile to her face, and made her shiver a bit with hidden excitement.

In a way, with a few drinks now loosening her thinking up, she almost wished that she herself had put on a diaper under her dress. Even though she secretly knew that Dave would have liked it, she hadn't yet met him at the time of getting prepared, and the thought that she may not have liked him, but could've been wearing something that would've attracted him had made her shudder a bit, so she had decided not to. But now the thought of leaning across to him and whispering, 'I've just done a wee in my nappy," was kind of naughty and exciting.

She pulled her pantyhose and knickers down, and sat on the toilet. Her pad was still dry, but she felt a wetness on her lady parts, and touched herself briefly before she peed, confirming her realisation that thinking about her friends wetting, and imagining herself talking to Dave about it, had excited her perhaps a bit more than she had realised at first. Opening her thighs as much as her restrictive pulled down pantyhose would allow, she briefly stroked herself lightly, then shivered a bit, but had to quickly pull her hand away as she suddenly started peeing, getting the tips of her fingers wet. She shivered again. She hadn't even been aware of just how badly she had needed to go, and knew that a potential accident may have been a possibility had she delayed her bathroom visit for much longer.

But the thought of having a little accident just didn't seem to be as much of a big deal as it usually would be, and she actually felt a bit naughty. An idea crossed her mind, and Gemma smiled to herself as she stopped her stream just as she finished, but didn't wipe, instead pausing to pull her panties up, using the pad to soak up the drops, then pushed a bit, forcing the last trickle of urine into it as well. She pulled her pantyhose up, flushed the toilet and washed her hands, then went back to the table, relishing the delicious warm spot between her legs.

'Everything okay?' Crystal asked, as Gemma sat down again.

'Yeah fine,' Gemma replied. 'The drinks must be starting to go through me though. I thought I was going to wet myself there for a moment!'

She said this in a lighthearted, innocent way, and the two girls giggled along with her, but she couldn't help noticing how Dave had turned his head swiftly in her direction when she had said it. He didn't comment, but gave her a smile with a twinkle in his eye.

The night progressed smoothly. After their meal, they ended up at The Townhouse, where Daves friend on the door got them in for free. They were even lucky enough to secure a booth near the back, where they set up camp, always making sure that at least one of them stayed there, knowing that they would lose it if they all got up together.

It was a couple of hours later when Gemma found herself caught short for real. Their drinking pace had increased, and Gemma, not wanting to get drunk, had stayed off the wine and was drinking light beer instead. This would keep her buzz going without increasing it, but she knew from experience that it would make her pee a lot.

The band started playing one of Toni's favourite songs, so she quickly grabbed Crystals hand, dragging her to the dance floor. It was a bit loud, and conversation wasn't an easy thing to have, so Dave and Gemma just relaxed in the booth, chilling out to the music. Gemma only smoked when she was drinking, and she felt like one now, so knowing that her roommate carried a packet in her purse, she helped herself to one, and headed outside into the cool air, leaving Dave to guard their booth.

She stood on the sidewalk smoking, enjoying the relative quiet after the noisy pub. It wasn't exactly a cold night, but it was only mild at best, and the breeze was a bit on the fresh side. Gemma didn't even get halfway through her cigarette before the cool air started playing havoc with her beer infused bladder, and she felt the first twinge of real need hitting her.

At first, it wasn't too bad. She shifted her weight a little bit, and subtly closed her legs a bit tighter, feeling her pad scrunch up inside her panties. It had dried out ages ago, but had lost its original softness, and was feeling a bit crinkly. Even though it was now dry, Gemma knew that it's absorbency would be drastically reduced. She took another drag on her cigarette, but inhaled a bit too quickly, and it caught in the back of her throat, causing her to cough a bit. While she didn't exactly choke, she coughed hard a couple of times, and on the second one, she felt a tiny squirt of pee escape. It wasn't much, and checking the doorway, she saw it was still empty, so she could just go straight back inside and go to the toilet without any delay, so she decided to finish her cigarette first.

But now she had leaked, her need was suddenly greatly increased. She was quickly becoming desperate, and the cool air, combined with the warm spot on her pad, was only making it worse by the second. Gemma didn't want to draw any attention to herself, but she simply had to cross her ankles, as another wave of desperation washed over her, this one even stronger than before, and she was positive that her pee hole was starting to tingle, a sure sign that she was on the verge of an accident.

She threw her smoke butt in a tin against the wall, hearing a car pull up behind her. Uncrossing her legs, she turned around to see a minivan pulled up at the door, with eight young ladies, obviously on a hens night, all piling out and lining up at the door, laughing and giggling like crazy.

Gemma sighed with frustration, and a certain sort of dread. To get back in, she would have to show the bouncers the stamp on her wrist, which meant lining up behind this gaggle of giggling girls. As she took the necessary few steps to the back of the line, she mentally cursed herself for putting herself in this situation. She rarely smoked for Gods sake! She didn't even particularly enjoy it, and now she was trapped behind a bunch of tipsy girls that were impeding her from the release that she now not only wanted, but needed badly. Her earlier naughty idea of having a little accident for fun now just seemed exceedingly stupid.

Taking her spot at the end of the line, she kept shifting her weight from foot to foot, trying to be inconspicuous but perhaps not quite succeeding. She was momentarily distracted by the young girl in front of her, who appeared to be doing the same thing. Just like herself, the girl, about nineteen, with long black hair and wearing a red miniskirt, kept shuffling about, and occasionally bending over a bit at the waist. A quick inspection of the girls pert backside showed a tiny dark spot, no bigger than a golf ball, but clearly visible on the red fabric.

"At least I'm not the only one," Gemma thought, with a grim satisfaction. But her satisfaction was short lived as she felt another dribble of pee leaking out. Although it seemed to stay contained within her panties, she knew that her pad would now be soaked to its capacity, and she really did wish that she had a diaper on.

The line moved with interminable slowness, the bouncers checking the ID of every girl in the line. At one point, the girl in front was heard to whisper, "Jesus Sam, I'm gonna wet myself here in a minute!" This bought on a fresh round of giggling from the tipsy group.

"You and me both," Gemma thought to herself, unable to take any solace in sharing the other girls predicament.

About a thousand years later, Gemma was finally able to show her wrist stamp to the guy on the door. "You know you don't have to wait in line if you're stamped, don't you? You could've just walked back in."

"Great, thanks a bunch," she muttered through gritted teeth.

The hotel seemed busier and louder than it had done only ten minutes ago, and Gemma had to dodge through the crowd. As she stepped around a group of people congregating near the bar, a third squirt escaped her, this one even bigger. She actually had to stop for a second, and could feel wetness on the top of her left thigh, trapped in by her pantyhose. Continuing on her way to the ladies room, her next obstacle came in the form of Crystal, who had been standing by the bar, and watching her friend approach. Gemma, however, only had eyes on the passage way to the toilets, and when Crystal grabbed her arm as she walked past, she jumped, squealed, and wet her pants even more. This was bigger than her earlier three squirts combined, and she felt her pad and panties overflow a bit, and could feel hot pee running down both her thighs, although not in huge quantities.

Shaking Crystals arm off, she managed to stutter, 'Gotta go Cris. Emergency. Back in a minute." Without waiting for a reply, she hurried away, clenching her holding muscles as tightly as she could. She made it into the bathroom without any further mishaps, but almost yelled in frustration at the sight of the hens group all lined up waiting for their turn at the toilets. They were all in high spirits, calling out lewd comments and laughing at the girl in the stall.

Feeling extremely self conscious, and very wet between her thighs, Gemma had no choice but to wait at the end of the line again. It appeared that the big squirt she had lost moments ago had taken a bit of the immediacy off her desperation, but she had cut herself off mid stream, and it felt like the pee was trapped right at the tip of her hole, and she had to keep her muscles clenched so as not to lose anymore leaks. 'At least I've got my purse with me,' she thought to herself.

The minutes dragged by slowly, with the girl in the red miniskirt finally emerging looking a bit flushed, but with no further obvious wetness visible on her skirt or flesh coloured stockings. 'Oh my God you guys, that was so fucking close,' she said, joining in the good natured laughter of her friends. The girl in front of Gemma didn't show any outward signs of desperation, and as another leak soaked into Gemma's sodden underpants, soaking the crotch of her pantyhose even more, she considered begging the other girl to cut in front of her, but couldn't bring herself to admit her dire position to a complete stranger, so she gritted her teeth and said nothing. The other girl disappeared into the stall, as most of the other hens either found stalls of their own, or went back into the bar, giggling amongst themselves as they left.

This left poor Gemma being the only girl not currently in a cubicle, but gave her the freedom to finally cross her legs and hunch forward, not having to hide her urgency from inquisitive eyes any more. Bending over forced yet another squirt out of her aching bladder, and she looked down in horror as a trickle became visible on the outside of her black pantyhose, then dripped onto the tiled floor in front of her. She didn't pee enough to form a puddle, but there were a few drops clearly visible on the floor, and she managed to hastily drag her shoe across them, spreading them out into a damp smear before hobbling away from it so as not to be connected to it in any way.

The sound of a toilet flushing was the sweetest music she had ever heard, and when the furthest door in the line opened, a very surprised girl was almost pushed aside as Gemma brushed past her, almost slamming the door behind her as she somehow managed to turn around, lock the door, lift her dress, lower her pantyhose and knickers, and sit down, all within the space of about seven seconds. Her bum hadn't even touched the seat when her bladder finally let go, but she was able to plonk herself down safely without peeing all over the seat and floor, then audibly sighed with relief as a massive stream started tinkling into the water in the bowl.

Sweating nervously and shaking, she took a deep breath, and looked down to inspect the damage. Her pad was a sodden mess, and her knickers were saturated throughout the padded gusset area between her legs. Her black pantyhose didn't actually show any wetness, but her probing fingers traced a large wet spot that ran from her upper thigh on one side, across the middle, and onto the upper thigh on the other leg. There was a wet streak running down to her knee on the left leg, but thankfully it was virtually invisible.

Gemma went to work. She kicked off her shoes, and removed her stockings and panties, hanging them on the hook on the inside of the door. Then, she used a big handful of toilet paper to dry her legs and genitals with, before slipping into a fresh pair of panties from her bag, complete with a dry pad, standing up briefly to pull them up over her waist. She sat back down again, considering what to do about her pantyhose, cursing herself for not bringing another pair.

The truth was, she only had one pair of black pantyhose, but she really should've bought another set for spares. She didn't see how she could just not wear them back out, because it would make it super obvious that she had wet herself, so grimacing, she put her feet back into them, and winced a bit as the wet mesh slid up her legs. Using the still dry portion of her soiled panties, she blotted as much pee from the crotch and legs as she could, then pulled the still damp fabric back up over her fresh underwear, standing up again to complete the task.

A quick, light spray of deodorant onto her legs completed the task, then she was able to slip her shoes back on, flush the toilet, and walk out. Standing in front of the mirror, she turned this way and that way, making a final visual check that although her thighs felt damp, it was hidden by her dress, and there was no visible wetness showing at all.

When she got back to the table, she found Dave sitting alone, nursing an empty glass.

'Where did you go?' He asked.

'Nowhere really,' she replied. 'I snuck out for a smoke, then went to the loo, but there was a bit of a line up. You look thirsty there!'

Dave motioned to Crystal and Toni's handbags, sitting on the table. 'Yeah, the girls are still dancing, but left me guarding their bags. I didn't want to leave them here to go to the bar, but now you're back...'

Gemma waved at him to stay seated. 'No, let me get this one! I haven't bought you a drink all night, and it's the least I can do for keeping you waiting! Pint of draught?'

Dave agreed happily, so Gemma took her purse out of her handbag, grabbed their glasses, and headed for the bar. He sat back, feeling quite contented, and wondering to himself if Gemma and himself were starting to hit it off. It was very early days of course, but he was already thinking of arranging a date for just the two of them alone, and was wondering where he might take her.

He glanced over his shoulder, sneaking an admiring glance at her backside as she waited at the bar. She certainly was hot, he thought. Realising that she could probably see him looking at her if she glanced in the mirror behind the bar, he swivelled around again, but uncharacteristicly lost a bit of his usual grace, swinging his arm across his body, connecting it with Gemma's open handbag that was sitting on the table, and knocking it over onto the bench beside him. He was able to catch it before it fell to the ground, but not before some of its contents spilled onto the seat beside him.

Panicking a bit, hating the idea that she may return to find him going through her bag, he started to quickly gather up her spilled possessions. Phone, lipstick, keys, eyeliner and mascara, some loose change, gum, a packet that appeared to have a sanitary napkin in it, and two pairs of black panties. That was odd, but he didn't have time to question it, so he started stuffing everything back in, but paused when he picked up the more scrunched up pair of underpants.

They were saturated, and still warm.

Another quick glance towards Gemma showed her ordering the drinks with her back still to him, and feeling guilty, even hating himself a bit for doing so, he opened the knickers up below the table with one hand, and ran his fingers through them, confirming his first impression, they were really wet.

Dave felt his cock stirring in his pants, knowing that this beautiful girl had just wet her pants, but of course he couldn't say anything, so he just stuffed them back into the bag. He picked up the package with the sanitary pad in it next, reading the brand name, and recognising it as an incontinence pad. He checked the other pair of panties as well, finding them still dry, and putting them and the other assorted paraphernalia away again.

By the time Gemma was returning with the drinks, Dave had everything safely stashed away again, but was supremely intrigued as to why this beautiful young girl would be needing to carry spare panties and incontinence pads with her. It could simply be a cautious thing she might do, just in case, but the already wet panties certainly suggested otherwise.

He made up his mind to try and find out, as his penis continued to make a tent out of the front of his pants.

*068*2016-10-31 12:19

Chapter 26:

After the band had finished its first set, Toni and Crystal joined them again in the booth. By now the drinks were flowing freely, and even though she was only drinking light beer, Gemma could feel her alcohol inspired buzz increasing. Apart from a slight glow, Dave still appeared relatively sober, but the other two girls were definitely starting to get really giggly.

Dave had sensed the band winding up their first set, and had had the foresight to hit the bar early, replenishing everybody's drinks before the break, which was a good thing, as suddenly the other patrons were three deep at the bar. The four friends were able to sit back and talk in their normal voices, without having to shout over the music, and watch the crowd hit the bar and the bathrooms in a mad surge.

Crystal looked at the line outside the ladies room, and lamented 'Oh man! I wish I hadda gone for a wee earlier! I'm busting all of a sudden. Look at the freaking line up now!' She smiled wickedly at her flat mate. 'How are you coping Gemmy?' Gemma noticed the twinkle in her friends eye as she said this, apparently bringing up the subject solely to put her on the spot in front of Dave, whose expression didn't alter, but he did turn to her, waiting for her response.

Gemma could have happily strangled her, but had to make do with kicking her under the table instead.

'Not too bad Cris. I was smart enough to go before, not like you! Serves you right for leaving it so late!'

'Ha ha!' Toni cackled with tipsy laughter. 'She's got you there Crissy! You should know better than that! Anyway, I can't talk I guess. I'm gonna need to change my diaper soon.'

Gemma felt herself blushing. Even though she knew that Toni and Dave were old friends, and that he knew about her diaper wearing, it still seemed like a bold thing to say, especially when it was just blurted out like that. Dave, who was now sitting beside Gemma, had smiled, and shifted a bit in his seat when Toni had said it. Gemma snuck a quick glance at his crotch, and thought his pants seemed to be a bit tighter across the front than they had been previously, almost as if something hard was pressing against them from the inside.

'Anyway,' Toni continued, slurring her words ever so slightly, 'You're wearing a diaper as well Cris, why not just use it?'

Gemma was astounded when Crystals responded, answering a lot more directly than what Gemma would've possibly imagined, probably only to make her deliberately uncomfortable about the subject of wetting in front of Dave.

'Oh don't worry, my diapers wet too! I had a bit of an accident while we were dancing, but I need to go again, and you know how much I hate changing when there's other girls in the bathroom!'

Dave coughed a bit. 'Wow. Do you wear diapers like Toni does Cris? Oh shit! I'm sorry! That's really none of my business! Forget I said that.'

Slipping Gemma an extremely obvious wink, Crystal replied with apparent ease. 'Yeah, sometimes. Toni here got me into it. It's kinda hard going out drinking when you're a girl! We sorta need to pee a lot, and it's not always like convenient to get to a bathroom when you're busting. I got a bit jealous of Toni when we started going out, and she suggested that I try them. I know it's a bit weird, but I guess I kinda liked it! It's certainly a lot better than going home with wet knicks on, isn't it Gemma?'

Gemma wished that a huge sinkhole would open up under the table, and swallow either herself or Crystal. She couldn't believe that her best friend was doing this to her! Although, she had to admit, she'd probably do exactly the same thing herself should the roles be reversed. Instead of giving Crystal the pleasure of knowing that she'd gotten under her skin, a naughty idea crossed her mind. She would play along instead, perhaps even just to gauge Daves reaction.

'You're spot on there Crissy. I almost wish I was wearing one myself. It'd certainly make life easier.'

She was rewarded by the sight of Crystal snorting into the drink she was having, and Dave suddenly twisting towards her with a shocked look on his face. Toni meanwhile, just slipped her a sly wink that nobody else caught.

Dave looked stunned. 'Wow! You girls have got it easy, haven't you? You mean to tell me that all three of you would go out wearing diapers? Us blokes couldn't do that!'

Feeling emboldened by the alcohol, Gemma couldn't resist stirring the pot a little bit. Daves reaction was almost priceless, and it was kind of nice knowing about his secret fetish. She liked him, and felt that there was a mutual attraction there, and she was pleased that she knew about his darkest secret, a secret that she sort of shared herself, or at least was coming to terms with anyway.

'Why not? Why couldn't a guy wear a diaper? I mean, I'm not wearing one myself or anything, nothing like that, but why wouldn't you be able to if you wanted to?'

Dave actually appeared to give the question some serious contemplation before he answered. Although Gemma's comment had been completely lighthearted, he appeared to be about to give it a serious answer.

'Well, hypothetically speaking of course, I guess we could. Not that I would of course,' he added somewhat hastily. 'But I think you girls have got a real advantage with that sort of thing because of what you wear. I mean look at Toni and Crissy here. They've got dresses or skirts on, and you can't tell at all! I think I'd be too scared that it would stick out of my pants or something!'

'But you would wear one?' Gemma persisted innocently. 'Like if nobody else knew about it I mean?'

Dave was blushing furiously. Although a conversation like this was amongst his wildest fantasies, he really didn't think that discussing his ability to wear a diaper in public should be a topic of conversation that he should be having with a girl that he hardly knew, but felt really attracted too. While he did enjoy wearing them and watching diaper porn in the privacy of his own flat, he didn't think that it would go down very well if this pretty girl found out that it turned him on. After all, Toni had bladder problems, that was why she wore them, and although he didn't know exactly what Crystals medical history was, he knew that they had met each other at an incontinence forum, so it stood to reason that she must have some sort of issue as well. He figured that if Gemma was to find out that he would be turned on by her best friends medical issues, it would probably put an immediate dampener on any potential future relationship that they may have.

However, it didn't bother him that Toni knew. They were more like best mates than anything else, and besides, she batted for the other team anyway! It didn't matter one bit to her what turned him on, as it was a moot point relationship wise on that front, but it could get very awkward if she decided to let on to Gemma about his little kink. Although he loved Toni very much, he suddenly found himself wishing that she wasn't there. With the way that the conversation was going, it would only take one smart arsed comment from her, in an effort to embarrass him for a laugh, and this beautiful coffee skinned angel would probably scream "Pervert!" at him, and run for the nearest taxi rank.

He nervously drained his drink, suddenly wishing for something stronger, but was too scared to leave the table. If Toni decided to drop a hint or two, even in jest, it could ruin his entire evening. Dave needed to have a quiet word with his friend, and although he knew that it was going to cost him money, he saw no other alternative.

'Cocktail time girls! My shout! I want a tequila sunrise. Who wants what? I'm paying! Toni, come and give me a hand to carry them please?'

Suddenly excited, the three women reached for the cocktail menu and made their selections. Dave winced when he saw the cheapest drink on the menu was twelve dollars, and everybody's selections, including his own, was more than that, but it was a small price to pay if he could swear Toni to secrecy about his sexual leanings. As much as he liked girls wetting themselves or wearing diapers, he was sure that he could suppress it, as long as he was with a sweet, but beautiful girl like Gemma. He couldn't let a drunken Toni risk ruining it for him by trying to be funny. He breathed a sigh of relief when she agreed to accompany him to the bar.

'Listen Tone, can we keep the diaper talk down to a minimum, okay? Don't you dare fuck this up for me, alright?'

Toni was grinning at him, she had an evil look in her eyes, but managed to respond with all the innocence of an angel.

'Why Davey boy! Whatever do you mean? I'm sure I've got no idea what you're talking about! All I said, is I'm gonna haveta change my nappy, that's all. If anyone's embarrassed, surely it should be me?'

Dave wasn't impressed. 'Come on Tone, be reasonable here. Please, don't drop me in the shit! I think I like Gemma, and I'd appreciate it if you could keep the diaper stuff out of it, okay? For me?'

Even though she was getting drunk, she saw the serious, pleading look in his eyes. Apparently her big handsome friend really had taken a liking to Gemma, even at this extremely early stage. While she enjoyed teasing him, she really wouldn't do anything to hurt him, and felt a bit guilty for pushing the joke a bit too far.

'Okay mate. I swear! I promise to be good from now on, really! But I don't know what you're stressing about, we're only having a laugh, after all.'

Dave was busy collecting the drinks as he replied, looking wistfully at the fifty dollar note and it's twenty dollar friend disappearing into the till. It wasn't that he was stingy, or couldn't afford to buy the drinks, but he could've bought a good bottle of scotch for the same price as that round of four drinks.

'I understand,' he said. 'I just don't want you frightening Gemma off with your little nappy jokes, that's all. If she ever finds out I like them, I'd rather it came from me, not anyone else.' He handed her the drinks he'd bought for her and Crystal, then continued. 'If we ever like started getting close or anything, you know, like down the track I mean, then I'd probably tell her, but there's no reason to tell her anything now though! If she found out I liked diapered girls, she'd probably run for the hills, screaming all the way!'

Picking up her drinks, Toni looked at him, suddenly appearing surprisingly sober all of a sudden, her glance piercing his with a particular clarity.

'Maybe. Maybe not. She might surprise you D-Man!' Toni said with a grin, then quickly turned away before he could answer, and headed back towards the table, leaving him looking a bit confused as he gathered up the other two drinks.

Crystal had given in and gone to the toilet in their absence, and they had no sooner sat down, when the band fired up again, and the lights lowered. Soon, the music was pumping once more, and they couldn't hear themselves think, let alone talk. Dave kept musing over what Toni's cryptic remark might mean, but although he could dare to dream, it was extremely improbable that she meant that Gemma might be cool with the whole diaper thing. One thing was for sure though, he certainly wouldn't be asking any delicate questions about it tonight.

For now, he would kick back, enjoy the music, the drinks, and the company, and wouldn't even consider anything else at all, at least not at the moment.

*070*2016-11-03 00:52

{{22 hours ago, Lunx said:

You are a great story teller Barry. I keep wanting more and more. Grr. Wish writing this was a paid full time gig so I didn't have to wait any longer!

}}

Thanks Lunx.

Lol, I wish I could get paid for doing this as well, it'd sure beat working for a living!

Apologies for the long time between updates, but as you know, I reached a major plot point in my other story, and that was just crying out to be written, so this one had to go onto the back burner for a while. I'm going to try to keep it up to date a bit more.

As always, I appreciate your feedback.

Barry

*072*2016-11-29 09:52

Chapter 27:

By the time 1am had rolled around, they were all pretty tipsy, and had had enough for one night. It was decided that grabbing a kebab and a taxi home were probably the next logical steps. Gemma was by now going to the toilet at least once every hour, the beer she had been consuming earlier now constantly flowing through her, and she found herself suffering occasional leaks or dribbles if she laughed too hard or waited too long to go.

She was dancing with Dave when she suddenly felt her latest squirt escape, and she could tell by the way that her pad was feeling like a clumped up mess, that it had again reached its capacity. She didn't want to run off to the loo halfway through a song, as that would only indicate that she had wet or was about to, so she clenched her muscles tighter, kept dancing, although with a slight grimace to her features, and managed to hear the song out before excusing herself.

"This is really getting embarrassing," she thought to herself. "God knows what David must be thinking, I'm running off to the freaking toilet like every half hour or so! Would've been a lot better off wearing a diaper....."

She was lucky this time, as she didn't have to line up to use the toilet. She hurried into the nearest open stall, closed the door, then staggered drunkenly as she turned around, having to put a hand quickly against the wall to maintain her balance, and letting out another squirt into her already soaked pad, and cursing herself as she manoeuvred into position.

Gemma got her pantyhose and knickers down before any further mishaps occurred, and her stream released completely only seconds after her bare bum had hit the cool plastic seat, and for what seemed like the hundredth time that night, she found herself checking her underpants.

Her pad was again complete saturated, and must've been for quite awhile, considering the state of her black satin panties. The were wet through the entire crotch are, and the once white inner lining on her black pantyhose was now stained a dark yellow colour. The fine mesh was wet all around this saturated lining, as well as around the top of the junction with the legs. She sighed with frustration. She still had one pair of dry panties in her bag, but with her head just starting to spin a bit, and with the way she found herself swaying slightly as she sat there, the idea of taking her pantyhose off to change just seemed way too hard. In a compromise, she removed her sodden napkin, dried herself as best she could, replaced the pad with a dry one, then pulled her wet knickers and stockings back up, wincing at the feeling.

Then, she slid her dry panties on over her shoes, and pulled them on over the outside of her stockings, and added a second pad to that pair as well, hoping that it would be good enough to stop any wetness being transferred onto her dress, and provide an extra layer of absorption against any further leakage. She had to admit that it felt kind of bulky wearing two pairs of panties each with a pad in them, but it felt sort of nice as well, almost like she was wearing a proper diaper underneath her dress. She was aware of the wetness around the junction of her thighs, but in all honesty, it really didn't bother her all that much, and in fact it felt sort of naughty instead. Feeling much better after she had drained her bladder again, Gemma washed her hands and joined her friends as they prepared to leave.

The cold night air hit them like an arctic blast as they stepped outside, causing them to laugh and moan in equal parts as they said goodbye to Daves mate, and set off for the nearest kebab shop. In truth it wasn't really that cold, but after the warm stuffiness of the crowded pub with its hundreds of patrons all contributing their own body heat to the overall temperature, it was like a big drop that would take a few moments to acclimatise too. Pausing long enough for the three girls to light cigarettes, they headed down the street through a growing crowd of late night revellers, with Dave trying to stay alert, knowing that as the solo male in the group, he was the one who was most likely to encounter the occasional random violence that sometimes occurred in the early hours of the nightclub district. But there appeared to be quite a visible police presence around for a change, and whilst being a bit rowdy, the crowd, for the most part, was being well behaved so far.

Crystyal and Toni were fairly drunk by now, although not quite at the messy stage. Gemma, despite her earlier efforts of trying to stay sober(ish) by drinking light beer, had succumbed to temptation after the round of cocktails that Dave had bought, and she had really enjoyed her "Fruit Tingle," and hadn't argued at all when he'd bought her a second one. Or a third. In fact she was buzzing along quite nicely now, with the cigarette and cooler air heightening her high.

Her alcoholic buzz wasn't the only thing being heightened by the coolness of the night either, with the light beer she'd been drinking for much of the evening still filtering through her, and although she had only just peed before they left, the cooling wetness of her inner panties and the dampness of her pantyhose on her thighs was making her very aware that she would soon be needing to go again. But for now there wasn't much that she could do about it, and she had to hope that by wearing two pairs of panties, two pads, as well as her pantyhose, that if she should suffer a bladder malfunction, then she would be sufficiently protected enough not to embarrass herself.

The kebab shop was doing a roaring trade, and although it didn't take very long to get served, there were no spare tables, so the quartet took their greasy feast with them, finding a low concrete retaining wall around a nearby park garden bed to sit on, where they could enjoy their late night feast and hopefully not end up wearing most of it on the front of their clothes. They all knew too well how messy a drunken kebab at 1:30am could be. As they sat in a row, eating, talking and laughing, Gemma could feel the cold from the concrete seeping through her many layers, and like everything else, it just helped to make her want to pee again, although still not badly yet.

Crystal suddenly yawned, which had the effect of making Toni yawn as well, and the talk started to centre on finding their way home. The girls lived closer to town than what Dave did, and his cab ride was going to be nearly an hours drive, and would end up costing him at least $80, something he wasn't looking forward to.

"I might have to visit an ATM," he lamented. "I know I can pay the cabbie with my card, but I've got bugger all cash left on me now, and I'm going to need some tomorrow anyway."

"How much was the taxi in here?" Gemma asked.

"I caught the train in," Dave replied, "so it was only $20 from the station, but I don't like catching them late at night. Too many weirdos."

Without thinking about it, Gemma spoke up, surprising even herself when she did.

"Why not just come home with us then? We can split the fare, and I'll give you a lift back to your place tomorrow." She started to blush as soon as she realised what she had said, and she hastened to add "I mean you can crash on the couch, and we can have a nightcap and stuff, that's all."

Crystal snorted, elbowing Toni at the same time, "Oh sure, the couch..." she stage whispered loud enough for them all to hear, causing Toni to giggle and Gemma to blush furiously.

Seeing how uncomfortable Gemma looked, Dave tried to salvage the situation less she feel too awkward. "Thanks Gem, but I really should be getting home though, it'd probably work out easier in the long run anyway."

"Nah, don't be silly," Crystal reassured him. "Don't listen to me, I'm just stirring! Come back home with us, we can have another drink, maybe go for brekky in the morning, then one of us can take you home. Come on, it'll save ya some money, and we can be back at ours a lot quicker!"

Gemma suddenly felt extremely shy and nervous. She didn't have any plans of sleeping with Dave, at least not tonight, but she didn't want to appear either too eager, or too standoffish instead. When she had blurted out the suggestion without thinking about it, she had genuinely meant that he could sleep on the couch, and wasn't trying to issue an invitation into her bed, but now she realised just how her offer may be seen. But if she reiterated the couch part of the deal, it may give him the wrong impression that she wasn't interested in him at all. My God! Why does boy and girl stuff have to be so bloody confusing!

As they stood around in a slightly uncomfortable silence, Gemma discovered that the combination of sudden nerves, on top of her filling bladder and the cold air, as well as her damp panties, was making her suddenly need to pee again. Not urgently, but enough to be aware of it, and she subtly shifted her weight from one foot to the other, nervously waiting for him to reply.

Dave gave her a weak smile, before hesitatingly speaking up. "Look Gem, if it's alright with you, I wouldn't mind crashing at your place tonight, but don't worry, I do understand, and I'll sleep on the couch. But only if you're 100% okay with it though?"

Gemma managed to remain looking calm on the outside, but on the inside, she was doing cartwheels. Her need to pee, which was being tickled along by nerves, was now being prodded by excitement instead, and again she found herself changing her stance, and her bladder seemed to twitch a bit as she did so.

"Of course I'm okay with it silly, I wouldn't have offered otherwise, would I? But if we're going to go, let's go. I kinda need to go pee again."

Bang! Instant embarrassment! Again she felt herself blushing. Her mind was furious with her, and she instantly started giving herself a massive mental telling off. "Oh fuck me! Why the fuck did I say that? What the hell am I thinking? Now, they're all gonna be watching me! Fair Dinkum Gem, you're such an idiot sometimes."

Nobody actually laughed as such, but of course Crystal smirked, and couldn't resist making a comment. "Toldya ya should start wearing nappies when we go out! It's so much easier, ain't it Tone?"

Toni could sense how flustered the younger girl was getting, and didn't want her to get too upset by Crystals joking, but at the same time, she had noticed again just how Dave had responded at the mention of diapers, his ears almost pricking up, as he turned to hear her response. She decided to try and help Gemma out, but at the same time, throw the diaper word about a bit at the same time, just to see Daves reaction.

"Give Gemma a break Crissy. Yes, the nappies are easier, and they're kinda fun as well, but their not for everyone. If Gemma doesn't want to wear one, she doesn't have to."

Being drunk, Crystal was in a playful mood, and couldn't help but try to make her friend squirm a bit, especially knowing that she knew all about Daves secret fetish.

"I know that Tone. But it's just a bit weird how she used to love wearing diapers when we were like kids, and now it's just a bed time only thing!"

"CRYSTAL!" Gemma blurted out, completely shocked. She just couldn't believe that her best friend had just said that!

A drunken Crystal suddenly realised exactly what it was that she had just said, and she tried to recover the situation as best as she could.

"Shit! That didn't come out right, did it? I meant for me to wear to bed of course, not her! Don't listen to me, I'm a bit pissed..."

"Obviously," Gemma muttered through gritted teeth.

Dave hadn't said a word, and as far as he was aware, only Toni knew of his dirty little secret, so he didn't make the connection that all this byplay was for his benefit. All he was aware of, was it sounded like his new friend wore diapers to bed, at least sometimes, and he knew she had already wet herself earlier. His dick was straining against the inside of his jeans now, and he really hoped that none of the girls could notice it. He almost found himself speaking, but was able to stop himself just in time, before he said something that would likely be awkward and uncomfortable for everybody. He decided to just keep quiet, and pay attention to what was being said, and garner as much information as possible.

In an effort to placate her friend and put an end to the uncomfortable silence, Crystal hurriedly pulled her cigarettes out, sharing them around between the girls, and tried to change the subject by mentioning just how cold the early morning air seemed to be. Gemma was supremely glad about the change of subject, although at the first mention of how cold it was, she found herself reminded yet again about just how badly she needed to relieve herself.

But the awkwardness soon passed, and the four of them started to make their way to the nearest taxi rank, where there was already a line up of people waiting with various degrees of patience for an elusive cab. There was at least four groups or individuals already in front of them by the time they joined the queue, with more people arriving every minute. Taxi ranks can be a volatile spot at two in the morning, but Daves size was a good deterrent against unwanted trouble, and there were a couple of police officers hovering around as well, keeping an eye on the proceedings.

The biggest problem was a lack of taxis. They stood there for over five minutes before the first one arrived, with the couple at the front of the line jumping into it with obvious relief, but no other cab was in sight. Perth is a large, sprawling city, and virtually everyone in the nightclub district would soon be looking for a way back to the suburbs, and there never seemed to be enough taxis to go around.

Gemma tried to keep herself distracted from her ever increasing predicament, but the cool dampness of her panties was distracting her, and she wasn't really sure if her newest incontinence pad wasn't already perhaps a bit wet. She hadn't been aware of herself leaking at all, but the cooler dampness around her buttocks seemed like a sharp contrast against the warmer sensation that she was sure that she could feel against her girl parts. If she squeezed her thighs together, it felt a bit like someone was pressing a warm, wet sponge against her pee hole. She pressed her legs tightly together, and gasped silently in shock when she released the pressure, and definitely felt a bit of a leak escape as she breathed out. It wasn't much, but there was no doubting the feeling of warmth was real now.

Miracuoulsly for Gemma, three taxis appeared within minutes of each other, allowing her to breath a sigh of relief as she clambered into the back seat with the other two girls, leaving Dave to sit up front, and being able to finally sit down took a large part of the severity away. She could feel her wet pad bunching up a bit, but it stayed in place well enough, and as far as she could tell, her backside was still dry. It was a strange sensation wearing two pairs of panties and two pads though, and she really felt as if she was actually wearing a diaper, and in a way, it almost made holding on a bit harder, as her body felt more protected than what it actually was, and it seemed like it wanted to let go because of it.

She snapped out of her thoughts as she realised that it was up to her to provide the driver with directions, as Dave didn't know their address, and Toni and Crystal were giggling drunkenly between themselves. She was grateful when the cab pulled away, and Dave and the driver started a meaningless conversation with each other, and she pulled her phone out and logged onto Facebook, more to provide herself with a distraction, as well as giving herself an excuse not to talk.

Traffic was light at that hour, and the driver made good time. However, the cab certainly did smell a bit, and if Gemma was to warrant a guess, it would be that a person with a bad B.O. problem had recently sat in the pack with a pizza of some sort. It wasn't exactly suffocating or anything, and the others didn't appear to notice it, but like her need to pee, now she had noticed, she couldn't unnotice it.

The alcohol, kebab, full bladder, smell, nervousness about wetting herself, and the movement of the car all teamed up on her, and she was starting to feel a bit ill. Her stomach rolled over slightly, and she would've sworn that she actually heard a gurgling noise. Suddenly deciding that getting some fresh air was a major priority, she wound the window down a tiny bit, immediately feeling less nauseous as the fresh air washed over her. 

But the fresh air had a negative side to it as well, it was cold, and that made her urgency increase even further. Toni was sitting in the middle, beside Gemma, and shivered a bit, glancing questioningly at her and nodding towards the window, in an unspoken gesture of "why?" Not wanting to admit out loud that she was starting to feel sick, or to offend the driver, Gemma smiled weakly, and made a quick pinching gesture with her fingers on her nose, indicating silently that it smelled rather bad too her. That was thankfully enough of a reason for Toni, and she just smiled back, putting her arm around Crystal for a bit of extra warmth.

Gemmas panties received a bit of extra warmth as well, as she allowed herself to get distracted by Facebook, and didn't give her full concentration towards holding on, and as the cabbie swung onto the side street a few blocks from their apartment complex, the sudden gravitational pull caused the tipsy, distracted girl to be pushed firmly up against the door panel as the driver sped around a corner a bit quicker than normal in an effort to beat an oncoming car, and she squirted by surprise at the sudden change of direction, wincing as a jet of pee shot into her inner padding, large enough for her to feel a trickle making its way between her bum cheeks.

Her jaw was clenched, not in desperation but in frustration. It seemed that she was definitely turning full circle with regards to her incontinence issues as she got older, and there was no denying it. It was ironic in a way, she thought to herself as she felt the latest leak soak into one or even both pairs of panties. Her grandmother and mother both suffered from IC issues, but she never really had, at least not as badly.

When she was a little girl, she had simply enjoyed wetting her pants and wearing diapers for fun, and nothing more, but as she got older, it appeared that she was going to be heading down the same path as them. At first, it had only been a couple of isolated bed wetting incidents when she'd been very drunk, then a couple of drunken accidents while she was still awake, but now, while she was certainly a bit tipsy, she definitely wasn't hammered, and she was still starting to wet herself almost as if she was. It was strange how ten years or so ago she was upset about not being allowed to wet herself or wear diapers anymore, and now it was starting to look like she may eventually need them one day, and probably sooner rather than later, and that thought was just as depressing.

Of course at the moment her leakage issues only stemmed from her drinking, and she could always give that up she supposed, but giving alcohol away at twenty years of age when she really enjoyed it sounded extremely difficult, and if given the choice, she would probably choose to keep drinking and wear nappies instead. Gemma grimaced to herself at the thought that maybe she might be on the road to becoming an alcoholic, but soon shrugged that idea away.

She didn't NEED to drink, nor did she always drink to excess. In fact, she could often go a week or more without a drink, and she was perfectly capable of just enjoying a single glass or two of wine or beer without needing to get plastered, but on the other hand, she was young, single, and independent, and she enjoyed partying on occasionally. If that meant that she would need a diaper to do so safely, then stuff it! She would wear one! After all, Toni needed to wear one, and she managed okay, and Crissie just wore them for fun, so why couldn't she?

Of course now there was a possibility of perhaps forming a relationship with David, but if what she had been told about him was true, then he probably wouldn't have any qualms at all about having a diapered girlfriend! And it would be kinda nice to go back to wearing for fun, just like she had done when she was a little girl. Smiling slightly, she thought that if things eventually did appear to be working out between them, she would broach the subject first. After all, if diapers were to become a necessity for her, it would definitely be a lot easier to have a boyfriend who was accepting of it, rather than try to find a guy who wouldn't think of her as some sort of freak, and even at this extremely early stage, there was a definite attraction there she thought. But her inner musing was then bought to an abrupt halt, as the taxi pulled into the apartment complex car park.

After a quick whip around between themselves to pay the fare, the fabulous foursome made their way upstairs, with Gemma feeling extremely nervous, (and more than just a touch wet between the legs) as she wondered just how the rest of the night was going to pan out.

*075*2016-12-28 03:44

Chapter 28:

Crystal fumbled drunkenly with her keys, missing the keyhole a few times, then dropping her key ring on the ground and grunting in frustration. She wasn't the only frustrated one either, as Gemma stood to the back, shifting her weight from one foot to the other while repeating "comeoncomeoncomeon" silently to herself through gritted teeth. She was blissfully unaware that Dave was looking a bit uncomfortable as well, and kept shifting his own feet around.

Toni picked up the keys, and succeeded where Crystal had failed, finally opening the door.

"Bags the toilet first!" Crystal exclaimed, and started making a beeline towards it.

Gemma panicked, grabbing her friends arm. "No Crissy. Me first. Please! I really have to go!"

Crystal leered drunkenly at her friend, "Yeah? So do I Gem. I'm bursting here!"

"Dammit Cris. You're wearing a fucking nappy! Just use that! I've gotta go!"

She pushed past her friend and ran to the toilet.

"Bitch," Crystal called out, but in a friendly, teasing way. "I need to go as well," she added almost as an afterthought.

Toni grabbed Crystals hand, and started leading her towards the bedroom. "Come on darling, just use your diaper, and I'll help you put a clean one on. I need to change as well, okay?"

"Hmmphh! S'pose so." Crystal muttered drunkenly, as she let herself be led towards the room. She was almost there when she felt a sudden warmth between her legs, and she stopped, dragging Toni to a halt as well as she froze like a statue.

"Well? Come on, what are you waiting for?" Toni asked, a touch of irritation creeping into her voice.

"Shit. Wait! I'm wetting myself," Crystal muttered in a slurry voice, completely oblivious to Daves presence, just enjoying the warm wetness that was enveloping her private area. "Whoops!"

Toni looked over Crystals shoulder, and made eye contact with a gobsmacked Dave, whose own need to pee was currently forgotten, as he watched and listened to his friend openly admitting that she was wetting her diaper in front of him. Toni winked, but Dave didn't notice, as his head was spinning, and not due to alcohol. After a few seconds, Crystal seemed to snap out of her trance, and allowed herself to be led into the bedroom, where Toni made her sit on the bed.

Toni shut the door behind her, kicked off her shoes, and smiled at her younger girlfriend.

"What the hell am I going to do with you?" Toni said with a smile.

Crystal laid back, and lifted up her skirt, exposing her pantyhose and the diaper underneath.

"Change me?" Crystal suggested innocently.

Toni smiled at her, as she removed her own jeans, leaving her standing in a rather heavy looking diaper of her own.

"Sure thing. But after I pee," she said, as she closed her eyes and let go, filling her already wet diaper up to the point where it couldn't contain any more, and pee started running down her legs. The girls always kept a couple of towels on the floor for just this type of thing, and Toni quickly stepped her white socked feet onto one, shivering with relief as her bladder emptied. She picked up another towel and squeezed it against her swollen diaper, pushing more excess urine out of it, but catching it in the towel before it ran down her legs. Once she was satisfied that she wouldn't be making a mess, she took a couple of waddling steps towards her friend, who was laying on her back, with her stockinged feet hanging over the edge onto the floor, and smiling drunkenly up at her, as she held up her navy blue skirt in anticipation.

Toni ignored the skirt at first, choosing to undo Crystals red blouse first, exposing the lacy white bra she wore underneath. She sat up long enough for Toni to reach around and undo it, then laid back down again, stretching comfortably out with her breasts now on full display.

"Are you wet?" Toni asked sternly.

"Yes Miss Toni, I've wet myself. I'm sorry." Crystal replied in a little girl voice.

"Well I guess I'd better change you then," Toni replied gruffly, but with a smile. "You really are a naughty little girl, wetting yourself like that! I should punish you!"

"Yes please Miss Toni," Crystal responded, "I'd like that."

"Later," Toni replied with a smile, as she got down to the task at hand. She tapped her friend lightly, high up on the thigh, indicating for her to lift her backside up, which she did, and Toni pulled her pantyhose off, checking them both by touch and smell once she slid them over Crystals feet.

"At least you didn't leak this time, you naughty girl."

Crystal didn't respond, and Toni reached down, and slid her short skirt over swollen diaper while she again raised her butt when Toni asked. Now Crystal was laying back, clad only in a wet diaper. Toni undid her own shirt, removing it, and the t-shirt she wore under it, leaving her clad only in a diaper and socks.

The girls smiled at each other as Toni approached, straddling her friend easily, and loving how Crystals nipples were standing to attention without even being touched. She laid on top of her, supporting her own weight by placing her hands beside her friends blonde head, then lowered her own head, first kissing Crystals nose, then her lips, her chin, and finally her nipple, taking the right one gently between her teeth, and licking it, savouring the salty flavour as Crystal arched her back under her.

They laid beside each other, kissing and touching for a few minutes, before Toni sat up again and said, "Enough of this for now. We can play later. Let's get changed and see how the two lovebirds are getting on, shall we?"

Crystal was a touch disappointed, as she was extremely horny by now, but Toni was right. They had all night, so there wasn't a rush. "Change me then?" She asked in her sweetest little girl voice, and Toni happily complied, pulling the large pull up off her, then wiping her spotlessly clean with wet wipes, and spent perhaps a little bit longer than necessary rubbing moisturiser into her private area. Once finished, she retrieved a clean pull up, a girls Goodnite this time, with a picture of Elsa from "Frozen" on the front panel, from the package under the bed, and slid it up and over Crystals glistening privates. Crystal then stood up, pausing to plant a passionate kiss, and finished dressing herself in a pair of bright pink pyjamas. She knew that they sat low on her hips, and left her diapers waistband exposed, but the alcohol had lowered her inhibitions, and she just didn't care.

It was her turn to be dominant now, and she pushed Toni roughly backwards onto the bed, knowing how much her girlfriend liked that sort of thing, and she proceeded to change her, showing little of the gentleness that Toni had shown her.

Toni liked it a lot when Crystal took charge, and she allowed herself to sprawl backwards, lifting her legs up as she did so, and Crystal leaned in without hesitation, grabbing both sides of Toni's pull up, and visciously ripping the side panels open, and dragging the wet diaper out from underneath her. Toni had freshly shaved her privates before going out, and her pussy was completely hairless, and glistened with the harsh light reflecting off the pee that covered it.

Without pausing, Crystal buried her face into her friends shaved wonderland, almost smothering herself with the acrid aroma of slightly stale urine, and she started licking and sucking on it, feeling her own nipples stiffening again, and a fresh, different type of moisture occurring inside her own clean nappy.

Instead of using wipes, Crystal used her tongue to swiftly lick her girlfriend clean, but she didn't hesitate to use a generous amount of moisturiser as well, before helping Toni step into a fresh pull up as well. Toni wore another Molicare pull up, because it was a given that she would wet the bed, and a Goodnite simply wouldn't cope. Crystal was drunk enough to probably wet the bed as well, but it was her bed, and if she wanted to risk wet sheets, then that was her problem. Besides, Toni liked it when Crystals nappy leaked during the night. It usually led to an interesting clean up in the morning.

While Toni busied herself by getting her "My Little Pony" light blue nightie on, Crystal finally used a wet wipe, to wipe Toni's pee from her lips and face.

Gemma had run into the toilet, almost convinced that she was going to lose control. The last thing that she heard as she was closing the door, was Crystal saying that she was wetting herself, but she had a nappy on, and wouldn't make anywhere near the same sort of mess that Gemma would should she lose control.

Biting her lip with nervousness, Gemma was able to get everything pulled down just in time, and she sighed with relief as she managed to pee into the bowl with scant seconds to spare. Once her stream had petered out, she gingerly examined her undergarments. Her inner panties were drenched, completely soaked in the crotch, and her inner incontinence pad was like a sponge that had been left soaking. Her pantyhose were very wet as well, the lined crotch was stained, and the mesh was wet from her butt, to the inner thighs, to the front.

However, they did dry quickly, so that indicated to Gemma that most of the wetness had occurred since they had left the pub. Her second pad, worn under her second pair of panties over her pantyhose, was quite damp, as it had been pushed firmly up against her pantyhose, and had obviously been wicking the moisture from them. Her second pair of panties were surprisingly not bad. More damp than anything, and uniformly so, and it appeared that they too were more wet from rubbing up against her pantyhose, rather than being leaked into.

Gemma kicked her shoes off, and slid her outside panties off. Now she was wondering what to do. She badly wanted to take her wet stockings off, but that would be a sure sign to everyone that she had wet herself. After all, she had almost run into the toilet exclaiming how badly she needed to go, and her black stockings were pretty visible. If she went back without them, it would probably raise eyebrows, and no doubt give Crystal the perfect opening to act like a dickhead again, and try to embarrass her.

The girl decided on a course of action. She slid her inner panties off, wiped herself, and slid her outside panties back on, now making them her inner ones. Standing up, she pulled her stockings back up, flushed the toilet, threw her pads into the bin, and stashed her wet underpants behind the toilet, then, picking up her shoes, she went into the bathroom to wash her hands. She paused briefly outside Crystals door, and could here laughter coming from inside.

As much as she didn't want Crystals smart mouth embarrassing her any more, she hoped that her friends wouldn't get too "distracted" by each other as they changed their diapers, as she wanted some moral support with Dave. She was a bit scared about making conversation with him without her friends around to help. She nervously made her way back to the living room, to find Dave nervously standing around, looking a bit fidgety, staring at nothing in particular.

"All good Dave?" Gemma asked nervously.

He obviously hadn't heard her coming, and he gave a bit of a start, before letting go with a sheepish smile.

"Yeah Gem. All good. Ahh, except, umm, I kinda need to use your loo. Is it empty now?" He was blushing a little bit, and Gemma thought that he looked really sweet.

"Yes mate. Down the hall, first door on the left. I don't think Crissie and Toni are too bothered about using it at the minute."

Daves blush intensified, as he grinned at her, then hurried out the door. He passed Crystals room on the right, and was almost sure he heard one of them instructing the other one to "lift your bum up," as he went passed, but he didn't pause to eavesdrop, as his need was too great.

He wasted no time in going into the toilet, unzipping his fly, and pointing his large member to the bowl, and unleashing a solid torrent of pee, shuddering with relief as he emptied himself. He sighed as he finished, and put one hand against the wall behind the toilet, closing his eyes and leaning forward as he supported his weight, the feeling of relief was enormous. He shook the last drops off, but before he stood up, he opened his eyes again, and stretched his back. Glancing down, his eyes caught sight of something black laying on the floor behind the toilet.

Heart hammering, he bent over, and picked the black object up, letting the pair of black knickers unfold as he lifted them. He had spied a flip top rubbish bin on the floor, and he swung the lid back, drawing in a harsh breath when he saw what was sitting on top. Two very wet incontinence pads.

Daves fingers could already feel the warm wetness that they held, and he held his breath as he unfolded them, recognising them instantly as the exact same style that had fallen out of Gemma's bag at the pub. But these couldn't possibly be the same ones. Gemma had dumped her bag on the kitchen bench as she hurried into the toilet, and it was laying open. When the other girls had disappeared into the other bedroom, leaving him standing there with an extremely stiff cock after hearing Crystal admitting to wetting herself in front of him, he had wandered over to it and glanced inside. He would never in a million years actually look through it, but it was sitting open, and the black panties were still there, scrunched up into a ball on top. He had been sorely tempted to pick them up and feel or sniff them, but he knew that would be an extremely bad thing to be caught doing, so he had walked away. Only just in time too, as Gemma had come back into the room only moments later.

Dave knew that Toni and Crystal hadn't gone to the toilet, and these panties were not only wet, very wet actually, but also still warm. Gemma was the only one to come in here before him, and she had nearly run in, complaining loudly about how badly she needed to go. There was no doubt about it, they were definitely Gemmas. That means that this gloriously beautiful young girl had wet herself at least twice during the night.

Daves cock, still hanging loosely out of his open fly, stirred a bit as he used both hands to open the panties up fully, running his fingers from front to back, marvelling at just how wet they were. It seemed to him that these must've been pissed in more than once. He raised them to his nose and inhaled deeply, his cock stiffening at the slightly acrid aroma of fresh pee, and the warm wetness in his fingers.

Without even thinking about what he was doing, he lowered his hand with the knickers in it, and wrapped its warmth around his shaft. He stroked his manhood with the wet satin for a couple of seconds, but didn't want to get too excited. Noticing he still had one drop of pee left on his dick, he opened up the panties, and pressed the sodden lining up against it, shaking with excitement as his drop of pee was quickly absorbed into the already wet cloth. His dick actually twitched beneath his fingers, and he hurriedly stopped it, afraid that he may actually cum from the excitement.

Aware that he had been in there for a few minutes, he quickly scrunched up the panties again, dropping them back behind the toilet where he'd found them. Then, with a bit of effort, he was able to stuff his enlarged organ back into his pants again.

He flushed the toilet, then found the bathroom, where he washed his hands and splashed some cold water on his face, the shock finally taking some of his excitement away, and letting him again stand up straight with no obvious embarrassment.

Taking a deep breath, he headed back past Crystals room, where there was a lot of giggling going on, and went back to the lounge room.

He made up his mind. He would simply have to find a way to bring the topic of diapers or wetting into the conversation. Hopefully their lesbian friends would provide the opening that he wanted, but if not, he'd just have to find a way to do it himself.

He just had too.

