Penny’s New Bike - Page 2

Author: Barry

*028*2019-10-15 12:12

{{2 hours ago, WetNick88 said:

Great chapter Barry, but shouldn’t Penny be wearing padded cycle knickers? So much more absorbent!

}}

🤔🤔🤔

*029*2019-10-17 05:16

Chapter 5

Penny cycled off, carefully joining the flow of traffic. At first, she was a bit nervous, but it only took a few minutes for her to find her rhythm. She had always enjoyed riding her bike when she was younger, but hadn’t done a lot of it over the past few years, as her old bike had gradually deteriorated with age, and she had outgrown it.

Turning a corner, she encountered a nice, flat, straight section of road, and she hunched forward in the saddle and started pedalling fast, seeing what her new bike was capable of.

Leaning forward in the saddle, her legs pumping like pistons, Penny could feel her wet panties rubbing against her mound with every cycle of her legs. The air rushing against her had swiftly cooled them, and she was aware of a cool, wet clamminess pressing against her slit, moving up and down as she pedalled, and although she felt a bit embarrassed by it, secretly she had to admit that it did feel kind of nice. She was, however, a little bit concerned about the wetness from her knickers showing through onto the hot pink lycra of her crotch, but basically, there was absolutely nothing she could do about that anyway. After all, she had to get home, nobody would see a tiny wet spot while she rode, and lycra was renowned for being a fast drying fabric anyway, especially with the wind pushing against her as it was.

Just for her own peace of mind, she pulled off the road into a quiet car park, and reached for her new water bottle, using that as an excuse to do a sneaky visual inspection of her crotch. Not a single spot of wetness or discolouration was visible, and she gave a little sigh of relief as she drank deeply from her bottle. The sweetness of the Coke she had consumed had actually made her thirstier if anything, and the chilled water washed the slightly sickly taste from her mouth, refreshing her in the way that only water can when a person is genuinely thirsty.

Penny shrugged her backpack off, and retrieved her phone, checking the time. Ten minutes had passed since she’d left the shop, and she felt absolutely energised and alive, but also incredibly hungry, having skipped breakfast with a cafe brunch planned. She had researched how much time the trip should take, and discovered that regular, fit bike riders would expect to cover the 20km distance in around forty minutes. While she was certainly fit, she wasn’t setting a particular target for herself, and thought anything around an hour would be great, not including her stop for brunch.

Her tummy rumbled. The original plan had been to stop at her favourite cafe near her home, but she felt that she really should eat as soon as possible, even if it did slow her up a bit. Besides, eating a bit earlier before going for a swim was probably a much more sensible idea. There was a cafe that she knew not far from here, so she would stop there instead.

Putting her phone away, and her backpack on again, she took another drink, then sloshed the bottle around, finding it nearly empty.

“Better stay hydrated,” she thought, as she drained the last of her water, planning on filling her bottle up again at the cafe. She couldn’t resist giving her crotch a quick squeeze, enjoying how her damp bikini felt against her girlhood, and she set off again, at a much more sedate pace, enjoying how her damp panties felt as she cycled.

Ten minutes later, Penny was locking her bike into a rack outside a nice little cafe with an alfresco area. Some other cyclists were collecting their bikes as she pulled up, and they complimented her on the new bike. Penny automatically felt included with the group, and they spent a very pleasant few minutes discussing all things cycle related, even inviting her to join there group perhaps for a larger ride in the future. The feeling of camaraderie was nice, and Penny was feeling quite happy as she took a seat at an outside table in the sun, and started glancing over the menu.

A waitress soon appeared, bringing a complimentary carafe of chilled water to the table, and Penny ordered her favourites, a large latte, and Eggs Benedict. She poured herself a large glass of water as she started flicking through her phone, selecting the right photos from the shop to update her social media accounts with.

As she drank, she chose one of herself between Veronica and Steve, another of her beside the bike, and one of her sitting on it.

#FINALLY GOT IT

#PROFESSIONAL RIDER NOW LOL

#STEVES CYCLES THANK YOU

#FITNESS GOALS

Her food didn’t take long to arrive, although she was surprised by the size of the gigantic coffee that was served.

“That’s a Grande,” the waitress said with a nervous smile. “Isn’t that what you asked for? I can take it back if it’s not right?”

Penny always hated to make a fuss, and would never complain unless it was absolutely necessary.

“No, no, it’s fine,” she said. “I was only expecting a large, but this will do.”

The waitress looked nervous. “Are you sure, I can make you a large instead? It’s my fault. I guess I didn’t hear you properly.”

Penny hastened to assure her that it was okay, and the super-huge Grande would be fine.

“Maybe I could get a small bottle of water as well please? I need to fill my drink bottle up.”

The waitress leaned in and whispered. “Give me your bottle, I’ll fill it up from the jug in the kitchen. No charge. Thanks for not complaining. My boss gets made when I screw an order up.”

Penny smiled, pleased that the nice young girl wasn’t going to get into trouble, plus, what she saved by not buying more water, covered the cost of the larger than expected coffee, so it was a win-win situation all round. Soon, her water bottle was returned, clinking with added ice as a bonus!

More photos quickly followed. This time of her meal, with the new bike strategically positioned in the background.

#HOW GOOD IS THIS?

#HEALTHY FOOD/HEALTHY LIFESTYLE.

Straight away, her phone beeped pleasingly as her IG account received even more valuable likes. She had even picked up two new followers as well, bringing her total to nearly 40. Not enough to be considered a “Social Influencer” of course, but not bad none the less.

Penny ate her brunch, and even finished her Grande, washing it down with another glass of water from the carafe. She returned her water bottle to the bike, and went inside to pay. The thought of using the bathroom suddenly occurred to her as she saw the doors. She didn’t feel a particular need to go as such, (well, maybe a tiny one) but since her earlier mini-accident, she had drank another 600ml of water while riding, the huge coffee, which was her mind blowing fourth for the day, plus another two glasses of water, so she figured a quick bathroom stop would be more than prudent. After paying her tab, and thanking the waitress, she went straight into the ladies room.

Penny pulled her shorts down, and ran a hand over her bikini, finding it dry, so she pulled it down as well, and sat down, looking at the crotch of her panties. The white silky fabric was dry, but there was a slight discolouration to the inner lining, showing where she had wet herself a bit before.

She sighed with relief, but at the same time, she was surprised to find an ever so slight feeling of mild disappointment as well! That was strange, and before she let go of her bladder, she considered why that might be the case.

It was because she had really enjoyed how her wet panties had felt rubbing against her while she rode. Another check of the lining made her wonder if the small stain was simply pee, or perhaps also a bit of her personal lubricant, enticed out of her by the feeling of naughty dampness and the cycling of her legs.

She had never been turned on by her little leaks before, but today felt a bit different. She was on a natural high, her endorphins going wild, and the naughty feeling of knowing her knickers were a bit wet, and reminding her of that with every pump of her legs, rubbing that wetness against her pussy, while the cool air blew against her, had made her feel kind of horny. She was a little bit disappointed that her bikini had dried so quickly, as it had felt nice while she rode.

Penny was struck by inspiration. She was about to leave for part two of her ride, which would culminate in a swim at the beach, so there really wasn’t any reason that she couldn’t make her panties just a little bit wet, was there? It seemed so naughty and wrong, but, the wet bikini had felt sooooo good, surely it wouldn’t hurt to do it again, just a little bit? After all, nobody would ever know...

Penny stood up and pulled her bikini up, then sat down again, her heart beating like a hammer in her chest, not really believing what she was about to do.

“Just a little bit, a squirt or two,” she said to herself, and she let go gently, trying to limit herself to just letting a tiny bit escape.

However, her bladder had other ideas. As soon as she loosened her hold, a solid torrent erupted from between her legs, instantly saturating her once white thong bikini, and pouring through it everywhere, even from over the top, where it splashed onto the seat, and started dripping onto the floor, barely missing her shorts, which were puddled around her ankles.

“NO! Nononono,” she hissed, and pushed herself further back over the bowl, sticking her feet out and up.

Any chance of regaining control was completely lost in this position, and she had no choice but to stay in that uncomfortable position, until her bladder had emptied at least half of it’s contents through her panties. She felt the thong strap getting soaked, wicking her hot wee upwards and through her butt crack, and the small triangle of fabric that covered her semi shaved pussy was dripping from the waist cord down.

Once she had finally regained control, cutting the flow off, she took a handful of paper and carefully soaked up the small puddle and drips she had cast upon the floor, then pulled her bikini down again, confirming with her eyes what she already knew. Her panties were a dripping, sodden mess, completely saturated. She used some toilet paper to blot the drips, then held them out taut between her knees, breathing sharply as she squeezed them, almost unable to believe what she had just done! What on Earth had she been thinking? Had she gone completely mad?

Penny knew that she had a pair of clean, dry panties in her bag, supposedly to be used to change into after her swim. She’d have to put those on, she thought at first. But, not only would that would mean that her pissy bikini would have to go into her bag, but she wouldn’t be able to stop for a swim either. Then her mum would ask why, as Penny had been excitedly telling her of her plans for the last few days. Also, there was the IG pic of her pretty little painted toes in the sand to think about. She had been looking forward to taking that one.

Besides, the whole idea HAD been to wet her pants a bit, she had just done it heavier than planned, that was all. Penny squirmed a bit while thinking about how nice her pissy bikini had felt while riding, and that was the decider. So what if her “underpants” were soaked? Nobody would be able to tell, and they felt so nice rubbing their wetness against her as she pedalled, then she could still stick to her original plan of having a swim, which would give her knickers the badly needed rinsing out that they now needed. Perfect!

Taking another handful of paper, she alternated between blotting, squeezing, and wiping her pants, until they were as dry as she could get them. Pulling them back up, she squirmed with delight as the wet thong disappeared into the crevice between her cheeks, and the warm, moist triangle of cloth pressed itself firmly against her sex.

Penny couldn’t help herself, she ran her fingers across the front of her damp bikini, shivering a bit as a surge of pleasure ran through her. She had no idea where this sudden enjoyment of wet knickers had come from, but she couldn’t deny how good it felt.

The sound of the toilet door opening, then footsteps leading into the adjacent cubicle snapped her out of the pleasure zone, and she gave pulled her cycling shorts up, gave the seat a quick wipe, then flushed and went to the sink to was her hands.

Penny could see her reflection in the mirror as she washed, and noticed she looked a bit flushed, which made her grin. She gave careful examination to her shorts, hoping that any wetness wouldn’t become visible on her pink lycra clad crotch, at least until she sat on the bike. After drying her hands, she pulled her shorts tight, and did a turn, checking her reflection both front and back for any wet spots, but she couldn’t see any. Boy, did her wet bikini feel nice snuggled up against her though.

Suddenly, she realised that she hadn’t actually completely finished emptying her bladder. She had fought to cut the flow off, then cleaned up the mess, and got dressed again, without actually finishing what she had gone in there for in the first place.

Penny almost went back in to try and completely empty herself before setting off, even though any urge to pee had long ago abated during the excitement. Then, the toilet flushed in the other cubicle, and not wanting to be seen loitering around in the bathroom, she walked out instead. She had been in there for almost ten minutes already, and surely the staff would be starting to wonder if she was alright.

Penny thanked the waitress again, and feeling a bit self conscious about how wet her knickers were, she walked quickly back to her bike, donning her pack and helmet on the way.

Once seated, her legs astride the bike, wet cloth pressing against her pee hole, she became aware of the fact that yes, she probably still needed to go a bit, or could certainly do so if she tried.

Ah well. She would be swimming in the ocean in about forty minutes, she would hold on until then.

Penny took a quick swig of ice water, relishing how it felt on the way down, then she pedalled off into the traffic, after a glance down between her legs showed her that a small wet spot was now indeed visible on her pink crotch.

Meh. It would probably dry pretty quickly as she rode.

*033*2019-10-19 02:15

A slightly shorter chapter, building up to what I think will be the last one.

Thanks everyone for the comments and upvotes! I hope you’re enjoying it!

Chapter 6

As she rode, she could feel the wetness rubbing against her mound with every turn of the pedals, and it felt nice. She glanced at her crotch a couple of times, and saw that the wet spot had grown, but wasn’t as visible as she had feared. You could see it, but only if you looked really hard. Stopping at a set of lights, she took the opportunity to stand up, and quickly ran her hand underneath her bottom, feeling a bit of wetness there, although her thong bikini shouldn’t make as big of a wet patch as normal wet panties would. Surprisingly, she found that this didn’t bother her much, as nobody would be able to see it while she was seated, and it would dry soon anyway. She could feel the wet thong rubbing between her bum cheeks, and it really did feel nice, although she was bit concerned about what it might look like when she took it off. No doubt she’d have to scrub it in the shower, like she always did when she wet her pants a bit.

Ten minutes later, and she stopped on the freeway overpass. No bikes were allowed on the freeway of course, but there was a combination bike/pedestrian path that followed alongside of it. Penny rode or drove the freeway nearly every day, but had never been on the path before, and usually didn’t even see a lot of it, thanks to the screening vegetation separating them, and now, for the first time, she actually paid attention to it from her high vantage point.

The first thing she noticed, was that it wasn’t as perfectly flat as the freeway itself. The path meandered up and down a lot of small rises and drops, and swung in and out as it went, certainly not the completely smooth, flat, straight ride she had been expecting. Still, it wasn’t exactly hilly or anything, just a bit, well, “wobbly,” and nothing that she couldn’t easily handle on her new metal steed.

Penny took the opportunity to take a big drink from her water bottle, pleased to find that there was still some ice left unmelted. She stood with her feet on the ground, toes pointing down, without getting off the seat, and put her head back, drinking deeply.

Something about this stretched out, arched back position made her aware of the fact that she had probably only emptied half of her bladder, if that, (into her pants) at the cafe, and she still needed to go a bit. No doubt that stupid-big Grande coffee and two glasses of water were now filtering through her, joining the not-quite-fully-expelled coffee, juice, Coke, and water that she had consumed prior to getting to the cafe.

In fact, if anything, her half empty bladder seemed to be filling up very quickly. VERY quickly. Maybe it was her rather excessive fluid intake, perhaps it was the physical action of cycling, or just the fact that she had cut off the flow before her bladder was empty, but whatever it was, she was starting to feel like she would need to go to the toilet again fairly soon. It wasn’t a desperate feeling, not like she had experienced yesterday on the bus, or earlier today in her bedroom, both times ending up in a complete loss of control and wet pants, but under normal circumstances, if she felt like peeing this badly, she would usually go.

There wasn’t a lot she could do about it now. Checking her trip meter, she had ridden about eight kilometres, and had estimated she had about twelve to go, although looking at how the cycle path switched back and forth, it was probably more like fourteen. Still, it shouldn’t take any more than half an hour until she got to the beach, and although there weren’t any toilets there, she had no qualms at all about peeing in the water. In fact, she always used that as a kind of personal motivation to get in, especially if the water was a bit cold. It gave her an excuse to go in the ocean.

“Mind you,” she thought with a grin, as she mushed her pee hole firmly into the seat through her now clammy, wet knickers, “I’ve already GOT an excuse to get in and rinse this bikini out! I can’t go home with my panties like this. Mmmmm. It feels so good though!”

For a brief moment, she considered letting a little bit out before riding off, you know, just enough to warm her knickers up again, but she quickly dismissed that idea. There was simply no way that she would wet herself in public, at least on purpose, as she considered herself to be extremely lucky to have gotten away with it yesterday, and she remembered the burning shame and humiliation she had felt while wetting her pants sitting in the park like a little girl. Although, it hadn’t felt as nice as a wet thong bikini and a bike ride.....

No. Not only would it be completely humiliating, but she didn’t want to wet in her new bike shorts. Yes, there was a bit of a damp patch still visible, but it could easily just be a sweat stain, and she didn’t want her hot pink inner legs, crotch, and lower bottom showcasing a sodden wet area. She would, and could, wait until she got to the beach.

Although she knew she shouldn’t, she couldn’t resist taking another drink. The water had a hint of lemon in it, and it was sooooo good. When she bent forward to put the bottle back in its holder underneath the frame, her bladder twitched just a little bit, as her legs went wider, and her vagina mushed itself into the wet fabric again, almond as if sending an invitation to her urine.

“Hey! Come on! It’s already wet down here.....”

Penny mentally shook all thoughts of wetting herself from her head, and vowed to stay dry until she hit the beach. She crossed the overpass, and swung south onto the path, and was soon exerting herself as she tried to set a good pace, determined to get into the ocean as soon as possible, so she could release the sudden heaviness that was now building around her lower tummy.

*035*2019-10-19 05:00

{{1 hour ago, mikey mike said:

This really is a great story Barry. I'm sorry to hear that there's only one more chapter to come; I was under the impression that we were going to join Penny for lots of "wet" cycle rides....

}}

I think we will. This will be the finish of a stand alone story. I think Penny will be back, with and without the bike.

*038*2019-10-19 21:21

{{14 hours ago, mikey mike said:

Great news Barry look forward to see how you move things along with Penny's story.

Any news on D&A or are you not going to continue with it anymore?

}}

I’m planning on continuing it, but it might be a little bit in the future. I’ll finish this, then catch up on some private rp stuff I’m behind on, and I’ve got another idea floating around for a short story

*039*2020-01-18 02:56

Chapter 7

Sorry for the delay. I kinda lost interest in writing for awhile. I think the disappointment about not continuing Daniel And Amy got me down a bit. For those that are interested, I do intend to continue it, just to see what happens. At least I have it saved now.

Penny made good time, at least at first. She was conscious of not riding too quickly on the shared path, but her tanned legs pumped like pistons as she climbed the various small rises, then relaxed again as she cruised down the following drops. The path was obviously quite popular with people walking, jogging, or riding, and most of the time they smiled and nodded as they past.

Her view of the freeway came and went. Sometimes the path was close and adjacent, at other times it darted away, closing in towards the various housing estates and suburbs that lined the traffic corridor.

On one of closer sections, she noticed that the traffic flow appeared to have suddenly diminished. Cars were still passing, but in much fewer numbers than before. As she approached the next rise, standing up on the pedals for more power, she caught a glimpse of blue flashing lights in the immediate distance, and her curiosity was immediately piqued.

Upon cresting the hill, grinning to herself about the naughty feelings that her wet bikini was giving her as her legs pumped, she could suddenly see the tableau spread out on the freeway below. At first, it looked like absolute chaos, and she went cold, her already quickly beating heart accelerating even more, and her breath catching in her throat. But upon closer inspection, she relaxed. Although the accident she was looking at appeared to be a major one, it didn’t look like anyone had actually been hurt.

From what she could tell, there had been a minor accident involving one car running into the back of another. But after that, a lager truck must have locked its brakes up and swerved to miss them, causing it to jackknife sideways, while other cars behind it also swerved and skidded, collecting each other in the process.

From her vantage point, she could see the two cars in front, still nose-to-tail, the huge lorry askew, almost completely blocking both lanes, and at least three badly damaged cars behind it.

A lone police car was at the rear, probably just in the right place at the right time following in the traffic, and the female officer had parked her car sideways across the road, lights ablaze, as she tried to slowly clear the immediate traffic one car at a time. In the distance, lots of flashing lights were approaching, weaving their way along the emergency lane. Penny could see at least three more police cars, a couple of ambulance, and a fire truck, all travelling like a multi coloured flashing snake towards the carnage.

Once she was convinced that nobody was seriously hurt, she felt no guilt about stopping to watch for awhile. If there had of been injuries, she would have just minded her own business and continued, but with the damage being just vehicular, it was a fascinating spectacle. There were people arguing on the side, others inspecting the damage while on their phones, and the poor overburdened police officer doing her best to clear the immediate area while trying to keep everyone calm.

Penny dismounted, leaned her bike against the fence, then removed her phone from her backpack, and started hastily taking photos, which she quickly uploaded to all her social media accounts. Her phone was suddenly buzzing and beeping away, as people liked, followed, shared, or messaged her posts. From a social media perspective at least, this was a winning situation. As she started responding to all the questions and shocked face emojis, she absentmindedly reached for her water bottle, and gave it a quick shake, hearing the last remnants of ice rattling within. She tilted her head back, and drank deeply, relishing the feeling of the last of her water quenching her parched throat. Other people had started to appear on the path beside her, and they watched with the morbid fascist that most humans have when faced with a disaster, some talking and discussing their own theories about exactly what had happened, others using their own phones to share pictures of the horror.

Penny found herself engaged in a light conversation with a rather cute young guy around her own age, and they swapped their own ideas with each other.

Suddenly, Penny felt a slight loosening of her bladder. It seemed to come out of nowhere! One moment, she was completely distracted by first the accident, then her phone, and then again by this cute boy, and at no stage at all did her still filling bladder even cross her mind, but suddenly, her urethra had twitched, and her pee hole suddenly felt kind of warm on the inside, as a kind of dropping sensation swept across her abdomen.

Penny was horrified to realise that she was about to wet herself like a distracted child, who had been so caught up in what she was doing, that she hadn’t even noticed that she needed to go potty until it started to come out! Her ankles suddenly crossed themselves, as her lycra covered thighs pressed together. A sharp, hissing intake of breath was inhaled, and she squinted her eyes in sudden urgency. Thankfully, the cute boy was looking at the carnage below, and failed to notice her sudden look of complete anxiety, and he certainly didn’t see the tiny little wet spot that was barely visible at the junction of her thighs.

“Ugh. I....I gotta go,” she stammered, sadly noticing the look of disappointment that crossed over his features.

Penny deposited her phone into her backpack, straightened her bike up, and swung her leg over, almost crying out as she felt another drop or two of hot urine warming her clammy bikini once more. As she coasted down the next hill, she risked a glance between her legs, and saw a visible wet patch the size and shape of a small egg. She moaned in frustration, completely distracted, looking up just in time, seeing a sharp corner only meters in front of her.

Her body tensed, as she applied both brakes, and managed to lean into the corner just in time, the need to keep control of her pulsing bladder suddenly the least of her worries, and as she swerved around the bend, she felt a warm wetness trickling on her inner thighs. She was on a long straight now, and although her heart was pounding like a drum after the close call, she had to look down again, and saw with dismay that the wet spot was now a patch, the size of a saucer, almost perfectly round, and standing out brightly on the bright pink lycra that covered her private area.

“Ahh shitfuck” she cursed, aware that her wet pants were now quite noticeable, as well as the fact that she was now absolutely bursting for full relief.

Penny leaned forward in the saddle, trying to put as much pressure on her pulsating pee hole as possible, and keep her legs closed whenever she passed someone approaching her from the front. Her cheeks glowed with embarrassment, but if she was to be honest with herself, also a rush of excitement, as her pumping legs caused her sodden bikini to rub against her vagina, which was being stimulated by the pressure of the seat, and exaggerated by every little bump she road over.

The seating position seemed to work, and although she could almost feel the liquid sloshing around in her bladder, the immediate feelings of urgency abated somewhat, and although she felt bloated, her control remained intact. At least for now.

The hills started to level out, for which she was immensely relieved about, as she didn’t have to stand up and pedal anymore. The path was starting to be more downhill now, as it approached her beachside coastal suburb, and from time to time she opened her legs wider going downhill, hoping the airflow would assist with the drying of her pants, at least on the legs. With her sodden bikini pressing against the crotch of her shorts, she knew that that part wouldn’t dry in a hurry. The cool rushing air felt nice blowing against her heated and wet sex, and although the clamminess remained, the contrast between hot and cool only aided her stimulation.

Soon, her exit was approaching, and she slowly navigated her flash new bike off the path, and onto a side road, that led to larger road that tracked along the coastline towards her beach, and ultimately her house.

“Ugh. One hill to go,” she thought, as she changed gears, and stood up on the pedals for the last big climb, now enjoying a beautiful view of the ocean to her right.

Strangely enough, her bladder didn’t protest too much, and she created the big hill with relative ease, although she was a bit red faced and panting at the top.

THERE! JUST AHEAD! It was the path with the steps that led to “her” beach. She was nearly there. Thirty seconds later, she had swung in and parked, hot, sweaty, and amazingly thirsty again.

Feeling grateful that there was no one around, she dismounted, and examined her pants, looking at her crotch, and running a hand across her bottom. Her backside felt a bit wet, and although her inner thighs had dried, there was still an egg sized wet patch between her legs, although it didn’t appear to be noticeable while she was standing, and the relief was incredible.

There was a water fountain at the top of the steps, and she hunched over, and drank deeply, the cool water feeling like an oasis sliding down the parched desert that was her throat. She felt a slight twinge in her abdomen, warning her that now she was standing, with no pressure on her pee hole, her desperation was quickly returning. As she drank, body hunched over at the waist, her feet started lifting up and down, from toe to heel and back again. It would probably be a smarter move to fill her water bottle up, and hurry down onto the beach, she decided.

As she filled her bottle, some cold water splashed over her hand, and she felt that familiar loosening sensation, causing her to sharply cross her ankles, jamming her thighs together, embarrassingly aware that she was doing a potty dance in public.

Penny almost waddled back to her bike, her urgency increased tenfold, and found herself unable to formulate a coherent thought. She knew she had to chain the bike up, but where the hell was the bike lock?

Oh yeah. In her backpack.

Taking her backpack off, she started to rummage through it, and although it didn’t contain much, only her minimal clothes, phone, towel, and flip flops, her new lock was nowhere to be seen. Groaning it frustration, she put her pack on the ground, and squatted down in front of it. Another closer inspection yielded no results, when she thought to check the seperate zip up compartment on the back.

SUCCESS!

There it was, and her sigh of relief quickly changed to a groan of panic, as a short jet of urine shot out, strong enough to pierce both her bikini and her shorts, making a few drops splatter onto the ground between her feet.

Penny stood up quickly, grabbing herself tightly between her thighs, her hand finding a soaking warm wetness, as her legs jammed together, trapping it there. She looked around in a panic, thankfully not seeing anybody, although the houses across the road would have an unhindered view of her desperation and impending accident.

She gingerly removed her now wet hand from her crotch, and tore the packaging of the lock away in a near frenzy, shifting her weight from foot to foot, and bobbing up and down on the spot, as she frantically tried to read the instructions.

“For fucks sake! How freaking complicated is this?” Penny asked herself.

There were intricate diagrams about exactly how and where to position it around the frame, with explicit warning about not securing it solely through a quick-release style wheel, which she vaguely remembered Steve telling her that she had. Also, the four digit code was preset to 0000, and again there were stern warnings to reset it something personal.

Jesus Christ! How was she supposed do that? Again, the procedure for setting the code seemed interminably long, and she quickly gave up, when her bladder suddenly loosened once more, sending an ever stronger jet of pee into her pants. She could feel it running down her legs, and looked down in horror as she saw a small trail soak into the top of her right sock.

She was past the point of no return, and could feel panic setting in. Her bladder was about to completely void itself at any moment, and she couldn’t keep riding, nor secure her bike, and there was literally nowhere to go. There was only one thing for it, she would have to carry her bike down the steps and onto the beach where she could keep an eye on it.

Stuffing the stupid lock into her pack, and jamming the water bottle into its frame, she took a deep breath, and picked the bike up, putting her shoulder through the frame, and started making her way carefully down the steps, thankful that her new toy didn’t weigh very much.

Halfway down, her bladder released again, and this time it was a solid stream for maybe five seconds. She clamped her left hand into her crotch, and felt the hot wetness pouring freely from her shorts, cascading down her legs, leaving drops of shame behind her. She didn’t stop her descent, or even pause, just kept going, peeing into her hand as she balanced the bike on her shoulder, praying that she wouldn’t meet anyone making their way up.

Fate was on her side, and she stumbled awkwardly onto the beach without being seen, although walking in the soft sand meant she now had to use her left arm for balancing, and not gripping herself like a toddler. Instead of walking towards the water, she turned hard left, and followed the small wire fence at the base of the dunes until she was away from the path. She chose left instead of right, simply because there was nobody in that direction at all.

Once she was about twenty meters up the beach, she clumsily placed the bike against a post, and with her bladder protesting even worse than before, and her entire vaginal mound quivering with desperation, she hastily kicked off her shoes, planting her neon pink ankle socks into the soft sand.

That was all it took. Penny now had absolutely zero control left over her tired bladder, and she sighed with relief as a hot wetness suddenly completely enveloped her crotch, bottom, and legs. A torrent of sticky warm wetness cascaded down her thighs, turning both her socks, and the sand between them, a much darker colour than mere seconds ago.

She closed her eyes and sighed. It felt soooooo good! Yes. It felt naughty, embarrassing, and wrong, but it felt good as well. Perhaps the embarrassment and naughtiness exaggerated the nice feelings? Her mind was in a whirlpool. As the wetness coated her lower half, and the pressure in her bladder eased, multiple thoughts all crashed into her mind at once.

She remembered masturbating vigorously in the shower earlier today, after accidentally peeing all over the floor. Then there was the initial surprise about how nice her damp knickers felt upon leaving the bike shop. Of course she couldn’t forget about deciding to wet herself “just a little bit” at the cafe, nor how good it felt. Looking down, she saw the last few drops falling from her crotch, and how almost all of the pink lycra on her inner legs was now dark, and how her cute little sodden socks looked when she scrunched her toes into the sand.

A different kind of warmth invaded her private area, and she found herself plucking absentmindedly at the dripping lycra that covered it, before coming to her senses and looking around. Maybe later, certainly not now....

Penny spread her towel out, and removed her outer clothes. Her thong bikini was completely drenched, and a bit discoloured, and she felt a stickiness inside it that wasn’t pee. She hung her shorts and socks over the little wire fence behind her bike to dry, and sat on her towel with her phone.

As she uploaded pictures of her pretty little feet in the sand to Instagram, she found her heart wasn’t in it. She would have a swim, and hopefully her pants wouldn’t take long to dry. Then, she was going to go home, pee herself in the shower, and relieve some of the tension that she now felt.

She took her water bottle from her bike and drank deeply. After all, she needed to keep her fluids up.

