Scheming Roomies

Author: MissVermilion

*005*2015-01-26 12:31

Chapter 4

Galinda was back in the Ozdust Ballroom, dancing with Fiyero. She needed to pee again and she certainly wasn’t about to let it get so urgent this time. She leaned in to whisper in her partner’s ear and then extricated herself from him in order to walk quickly in the direction of the bathrooms...

...Only, they weren’t there any longer.

Galinda stared in confusion at the expanse of blank wall where the door to the bathrooms should have been, and then gazed wildly around the rest of the ballroom. As she did so, a strange thing occurred to her: not only had the bathroom door vanished, but all the doors were gone. They were all trapped in here!

Frightened by this discovery, Galinda ran back to the dancefloor, tripping over her high heels as she went and looked frantically around for Fiyero. As it was his party, she felt certain that he would have the answer to this strange conundrum.

But Fiyero was nowhere to be found. Galinda wheeled around in a circle, at the centre of the dancefloor now, gazing at the faces of each passing couple in order to ascertain that none of them was her Prince. Her need to pee was now growing stronger by the second: she needed to find the way out!

“Fiyero!” she cried out- and at that moment, the music suddenly stopped. As her voice resonated loudly across the otherwise silent ballroom, the people who surrounded Galinda stopped dancing and turned to stare at her.

Galinda didn’t care at first- perhaps now everybody would understand that there was a problem- until she became horribly aware of the fact that her underwear was rapidly moistening. Her face grew hot as a trickle of pee ran down her left leg, trailing past the hem of her pink dress and dripping onto the polished wooden floor. She felt frozen, unable to do anything about the fact that she was peeing uncontrollably and distraught in the knowledge that everybody around her was watching it happen.

It was silent, until Shenshen’s loud voice rang out through the crowd, breaking the tension: “Look, everybody! Galinda’s wetting herself!”

Simultaneously, each one of the students broke out into peals of unadulterated, cruel laughter and Galinda sank to her knees, closing her eyes in shame. The laughter of her new friends rang in her ears and the puddle beneath her was reaching unthinkable dimensions, and yet still growing.

And then a hand was on her chin, forcing her face upwards. Fiyero?

Galinda opened her eyes but found herself looking not into the handsome blue eyes of her dance partner, but rather the sharp brown ones of her roommate. Elphaba was crouched before her, her sympathetic green face the antithesis of the malicious laughter which still rang out around them.

“It’s okay,” Elphaba said softly, running her thumb gently over Galinda’s cheek as her eyes began to twinkle mischievously.

Galinda didn’t understand, until she realised that she had stopped peeing and yet, the trickling noise of water hitting the dancefloor had not desisted. Confused, she looked down and realised that a second puddle had appeared between Elphaba’s boots- and it was steadily growing, fed by a constant stream which dripped through her dress, turning it a darker navy as it went.

As she stared, transfixed by what was happening, the crowds surrounding them slowly melted away until it was just the two of them left in an empty ballroom.

There was a crash of thunder and, gasping, Galinda jerked awake to the feeling of warm pee collecting beneath her. A sense of despair filled her: not again! A small, warm pool formed briefly below her crotch before sinking down through the sheets, and Galinda hastily buried a hand between her legs in a vain attempt to stop the flow. But it continued to gush, unhindered, through her fingers, so, forced to relent, she parted her legs and allowed it to happen. The warmth was almost pleasant as the liquid ran between her thighs, but then it cooled uncomfortably as it streamed onto her bed, soaking into her nightgown, into the sheet below her and then into the mattress beyond.

When her bladder was fully relieved, Galinda sat up slowly. Now that she was able to focus on her surroundings, it was immediately clear what had woken her: the rain pounded deafeningly against the window and flashes of lightening lit up the room intermittently, despite the drawn curtains.

In the bed adjacent, Elphaba was sitting bolt upright, her knees drawn in to her chest. A book lay abandoned beside her, and her eyes were focused intently on a small gap between the curtains, through which the coursing storm outside was just visible. The sight of her roommate caused Galinda to remember what she had been dreaming about, and she flushed heavily at how improper it had all been. But there was no time to think on that now: she needed to clean herself up, but that was going to be problematic with Elphaba awake. The last thing she wanted was for her roommate to realise that she had had another accident, mere hours after the previous one.

Quietly, Galinda reached for her silk robe and draped it around her shoulders, ensuring that the strings were tied tightly and her lower half safely hidden before slipping out of bed. The bathroom was nearest her side of the room, and she hoped to get there without disturbing Elphaba from the thoughts with which she was apparently consumed.

After reaching the bathroom, Galinda gave herself a quick wash from the waist down and changed into a fresh nightgown, all the while trying her hardest to keep her emotions in check. The frequency with which this was happening was really beginning to scare her now, and the fear that she might be descending back into her childish ways was real and intense- but she knew she needed to remain calm in order to hide this from Elphaba successfully.

Galinda had managed to sneak her way back into bed and was settling back down to sleep, her body curved strategically around the cold wetness, when Elphaba suddenly spoke:

“I can fix that with a spell, you know.”

Sitting up slightly, Galinda turned to stare at her roommate whose eyes were still resolutely fixed on the storm outside. If she hadn’t been so sure that she had just heard her clearly, Galinda would have had cause to doubt whether she had spoken at all.

“What did you say?” she asked in surprise.

Elphaba watched the rain for a second or two longer and then finally, with what seemed like great difficulty, extracted her eyes from the window and fixed them on her roommate.

“Your bed,” she said, nodding in the direction of the wet patch that Galinda was meticulously avoiding. “I know a spell that will clean it without you having to wash your sheets.”

Galinda felt heat rise to her cheeks as she realised that Elphaba was fully aware of what had happened. Nevertheless, she played innocent.

“I don’t know what you mean.”

“You needn't be embarrassed.” Elphaba surveyed her, her dark brown eyes scrutinising but not judging. “Your bladder is overstretched from earlier, you still have a significant amount of alcohol in your system and it’s raining very heavily. It isn’t unreasonable to expect to have an accident in your sleep, given those circumstances.”

Galinda felt herself blush harder and was thankful for the fact that it was concealed by the semi-darkness. Toying with the edge of her pillow, she said nothing.

“You’d be much more comfortable if only you admitted it to me,” Elphaba shrugged, “As I mentioned earlier, I’d have nobody to tell about it, even if I had anything to gain from doing so.”

Considering this idea, Galinda felt a lump collect in her throat. She wished Elphaba would stop being so nice to her. If she had been mean, Galinda would have been able to use her quick tongue and haughty persona to barricade herself from it; but this kindness was affecting her emotions in a way she hadn't the skills to combat.

“All right,” she conceded finally. She could deny her accident all she wanted, but Elphaba evidently knew it had happened. Whether she allowed her roommate to help her or spent the remainder of the night stubbornly lying in a wet bed, that much would remain the same. “Do what you need to do.”

As she slid out of bed and took several steps away from it to allow Elphaba access, the green girl slipped from her own bed and began to ferret in one of her bedside drawers. After triumphantly withdrawing her training wand, she came to join Galinda at the side of her bed and drew away the duvet.

As the evidence of her accident was revealed, Galinda involuntarily emitted a sound somewhere between a sniffle and a whimper. The bottom sheet looked soaked, and the knowledge that she was responsible for that, and the fact that this shameful happening was suddenly visible for her roommate to see made her want to burst into tears. She managed not to, however, and Elphaba seemed unperturbed as she gave her wand a short flick. Instantly, the wet area evaporated into thin air. Within the blink of an eye, it was as though it had never been there.

Galinda gazed at her bed in wonder: she had not expected the spell to happen so quickly and with so little effort on Elphaba’s part. Her gaze moved hungrily to Elphaba’s wand. “How did you do that?”

The corner of Elphaba’s lips twitched into a half-smile. “Magic.”

“Well, yes, I know that!” Galinda said in frustration, as Elphaba strode off to put her wand away. “But how? I know that your wand functions as a channel for your inner thoughts, but how did you get them to transmit so effortlessly? And how did you move your wand with such finite precision in the knowledge that something entirely different might have happened if you had been no more than a millimetre out?”

Elphaba, who had turned back to her roommate as soon as Galinda had begun to speak, now looked at her with utmost surprise. “You’re truly very interested in Sorcery, aren’t you?”

“Yes!” Galinda responded, thoroughly vexed that nobody ever took her seriously when it came to this topic. “That was the entire reason I applied for Shiz University- to take part in Madame Morrible’s sorcery seminar. I was the only one who applied this year, I’ll have you know! And then you pulled that flashy little stunt with your sister on the first day and ruined everything!”

Following this outburst, there was silence as Galinda struggled to calm herself. On the day she had arrived at Shiz, she had been in the process of telling Madame Morrible exactly why she was an essential candidate for her sorcery seminar, when the lights had begun to flash ominously. Everyone’s attention had immediately been drawn to Elphaba’s sister Nessarose, whose wheelchair had begun to glide, without anybody yielding it, right across the hall and into Elphaba’s outstretched hands. After this obnoxious little showcase of the green girl’s magical abilities, Madame Morrible had entirely lost interest in her conversation with Galinda and had declared that she would be accepting only Elphaba onto her sorcery programme- and taking no other students. This had hit Galinda hard: and the feelings of bitter resentment which it had prompted her to feel towards her roommate were still strong and prominent.

Meanwhile, Elphaba was staring at her with unadulterated shock. “Galinda- I had no idea,” she said finally. “No, I really didn’t,” she reiterated, as Galinda made a disbelieving scoffing sound, “I’d never considered a career in Sorcery. I came here to study Science- the polar opposite of Magic- and the idea that you could just flick a wand and make something happen left me completely cold. It was far too easy. I like studying things which stretch my mind and challenge me intellectually. I certainly didn’t ask for Madame Morrible to insist I take part in her silly magic tutorial.”

“Silly magic tutorial?” Galinda repeated, incredulous that anybody could refer to her beloved subject in such a blasé manner; “Elphaba, Sorcery is not easy! It’s the most intricately difficult art form there is! Sorcerers dedicate years to studying the nuances of their craft in order to become merely proficient. The ones who are absolutely astonishing at it like Madame Morrible and the Wizard of Oz have to spend decades perfecting spells in order to become that way.”

Galinda had never seen Elphaba so lost for words. Her brow was furrowed with confusion and her mouth hung slightly open. The effect would have been comical, had Galinda not been so passionate in what she was trying to express. Finally, there was a burst of thunder from outside which shook Elphaba from her reverie and caused her to give a start, her eyes flicking wildly to the window.

Now, that was comical and Galinda could not help giggling. “Don’t tell me you’re afraid of storms?” she asked, referring to the look of panic which had briefly crossed the other girl’s face. “How silly for someone so interested in Science to be frightened of something so irrational!”

Elphaba looked back of her, and an expression that Galinda could not read passed over her sharp, green features. But it had vanished as quickly as it had appeared, and she gave that half-smile again. “Yes- it is silly,” she agreed, then added: “It’s late. We should go back to bed.”

Galinda nodded, suddenly realising how tired she was. “Yes, we should,” she yawned, and the two of them retreated back to their respective beds.

“Goodnight, Elphaba. I’m sorry you had to deal with- you know. Again.”

“Don’t worry about it,” said Elphaba, who had reassumed her hunched position with her eyes back on the window, “’Night, Galinda.”

A/N: Is anybody actually reading / enjoying this? I know it's a bit niche, and I'm pretty much writing it for my own benefit- but like most other humans, I feel like my work is validated when people say nice things about it ;)

*008*2015-01-27 15:19

{{:

Of course people are reading it! I, for one, am very impressed with how well you've fit omo into an existing world. You've kept the characterizations and settings consistent to the source material, which is very difficult to do. I know how nice it is when other people seem to enjoy your work, so consider this my small, but sincere, attempt at validation :)

}}

Thank you so much for humouring me! Haha. I'm glad you think I've been successful in bringing omo to Oz convincingly- of course, I'm now reaching the point where it's becoming harder to think of logical reasons why the girls might continue having accidents, but I think I've got a few tricks up my sleeve! I hope you continue to enjoy reading.

{{:

I love this, I watched the play Wicked a while back and this is bringing back memories of it, I hope you continue!

}}

<script type="text/javascript" src="/pagespeed_static/js_defer.pbrP1whUgE.js"></script>

Thank you! I'm planning on following the main story arc of the musical, so you're likely to find many more familiarities if you continue reading :)

*010*2015-09-03 20:41

Chapter 5

Seven-year-old Elphaba stirred from her sleep feeling groggy and disorientated. At first, she was confused as to why she had awoken: it was still dark outside and she was tired, so very, very tired. Her eyelids felt heavy and so she allowed them to close once more, but before she could sink back into a doze, a muffled sound filtered into her consciousness. It seemed to be coming from the neighbouring room, and it sounded like crying…

Nessarose!

Fully roused by this thought, Elphaba shot out of bed and, with no time to bother about slippers, dashed barefoot to her younger sister’s room.

Six-year-old Nessa was sitting up in bed, her blankets pooled in a heap where she had impatiently thrown them off. Her little face was red with tears and she continued to wail ever louder at the sight of her sister.

“Nessa, what is it?” Elphaba hurried to her sister’s bedside and knelt down beside her. “What’s wrong?”

Nessa turned her tear-stained face to look at her, but she seemed to be crying too hard to articulate exactly what she needed. “I- I h-hafta…”

“You have to what?”

But as she looked over her sister, it was suddenly obvious what Nessa wanted. Both hands were buried in the crotch of her nightgown and she was leaning so far forward that it was a wonder she didn’t topple over.

“Oh!” said Elphaba, relieved she had found the source of the problem, “Hold on Nessa, I’ll get your chair.”

“No!” screamed Nessa as Elphaba turned to leave, “I-I c-can’t… h-hold it…”

“Then… you want me to carry you?” Elphaba eyed her sister doubtfully. By straining, she knew could lift Nessa from her wheelchair into her bed and back, but she was not so confident in her ability to carry her all the way to the bathroom.

But then Nessa gasped loudly through her tears and Elphaba saw her nightgown dampen around the area where her hands were pressed. The older girl knew then that she had no choice. Without another thought, she hooked one arm around her sister’s waist and slid the other under her knees. Then, with difficulty, she lifted Nessa into her arms.

Her whole body seemed to protest against the effort and Elphaba strained with all her might to keep her sister from slipping from her grip. Nessa was not making matters any easier; she squirmed and cried against the older girl’s body. A couple of tears fell onto Elphaba’s bare neck and she bit down hard on her bottom lip to keep from crying out in pain at the burning sensation they caused.

She took a couple of steps forward, her whole body shaking with the weight of the smaller girl; and then her legs buckled and the two of them crashed to the ground, landing in a muddled heap.

Elphaba felt the searing pain around her midriff before she realised the cause of it. The pain controlling her actions, she pushed her sister away roughly so that the urine, which was now pouring out uncontrollably, was no longer hitting Elphaba’s skin. Nessa tumbled onto her back, legs akimbo, and the pee continued to shoot from between them, rising briefly into an arc before dropping to the ground where it collected in a steadily-growing puddle.

“Nessa!” Elphaba gasped, aghast at what she had done. She shuffled over to help her sister, doing her best to ignore the pain at her stomach where her skin was now beginning to blister and peel. Before she could reach the other girl though, the door was flung open and the sudden towering presence of her father caused her to shrink back into herself.

Frexspar, the governor of Munchkinland, spent several terrifying moments taking in the scene before him. He then moved to Nessa’s side, helping her into a sitting position. She huddled into his side, her cries quieter in her father’s presence, and he soothed her softly for several moments before turning to Elphaba.

The fury in his eyes made the older girl flinch, and she looked guiltily at the ground until he grabbed her chin and thrust it upwards, forcing her to look at him.

“Elphaba,” he said, his voice low and cold, “What did I tell you to do when Nanny fell ill?”

Elphaba’s lip trembled. “To look after Nessarose until she gets better.”

“Then perhaps you can explain,” Frex said, his voice rising formidably, “Why your sister was lying spread-eagled on the floor in a puddle of her own urine.”

From Frex’s side, Nessa whimpered. “Father, I didn’t mean to-” she began, but her father hushed her.

“I know you didn’t mean to, my precious pet,” he said gently, “It was Elphaba’s fault, not yours.”

Elphaba’s eyes prickled with tears and she blinked hard to prevent them from falling and causing her even more pain. He was right, she had been tasked with looking after her sister and she had failed. She deserved to have her skin blister as a result. She deserved to be punished.

Meanwhile, her father had dropped her face and risen to his feet with Nessa in his arms. Elphaba watched, envious at how easily he lifted her. Maybe when she was bigger, she would be able to do the same, and then she could look after Nessa properly.

“Let’s get you cleaned up,” he told Nessa softly, and then, harshly, to Elphaba: “Clean up this mess and then wait for me in the kitchen. We’ll discuss your punishment then.”

###

Elphaba stood alternately on her tiptoes and then on her heels. The fire had not yet been lit, so the stone floor was cold, and she had not yet gone back to her bedroom for her slippers. Her failure to take care of Nessa was still prominent in her mind, and she was filled with remorse for what she had done. If only she had woken up when Nessa had first called to her; then her sister wouldn’t have gotten so desperate and Elphaba might have been able to get her to the toilet in time.

Thinking about her sister’s accident made Elphaba realise that she could actually do with using the toilet herself. She hadn’t been since before dinner last night, and she’d drunk a lot of milk since then. They both had, she and Nessa, which was probably why her sister had woken up so desperate.

Elphaba shifted on her feet a little, the cold aggravating her bladder, and wondered if she had time to go and relieve herself quickly before her father came to punish her. She glanced at the door, took a couple of hesitant steps towards it, and then abruptly halted as her Father emerged through it from the hallway. He was rubbing his eyes, and Elphaba felt guilty that he’d had to wake up because of her. She should have been able to handle the situation herself, she knew.

Ignoring Elphaba at first, he went instead to the fire and proceeded to light it. Elphaba watched him anxiously. He was wearing his dressing gown and wasn’t carrying his belt, which implied that she wasn’t going to get whipped. But there was the poker, and that was worse. After prodding the fire several times, however, Frex placed the poker back into its holder and turned finally to look at Elphaba.

She swallowed hard, anxiously rubbing her thighs together.

“Well?” Frex demanded, after glaring at her for a few seconds, “What do you have to say for yourself?”

“Can I go to the bathroom?” she blurted out, without meaning to. The fear of what her father might do to her was bubbling in the pit of her stomach and seemed to be putting additional pressure on her bladder.

Her father looked taken aback for a split second, clearly not having anticipated that answer, but then he took in her hunched, squirming posture and he frowned.

“What in Oz makes you think you should be allowed that privilege,” he asked, “When you just deprived it of poor Nessarose?”

Elphaba felt her eyes widen in dismay. Surely he wasn’t going to make her have an accident too, as punishment? But then she remembered that she deserved it, and her eyes dropped guiltily to the ground.

“That’s what I thought. Now, you’re to stay here and think on your behaviour. I’ll be back at breakfast time, and you’d better still be exactly where I left you.”

By the time Frex and Nessa entered for breakfast, Elphaba was in a terrible state. Afraid she was about to start peeing any second, she hand one hand constantly holding between her legs and, though the floor had heated up nicely, she hopped as continuously from one foot to the other as she would have if it had been made of ice.

Nessa shot her a fleeting, triumphant look as she was wheeled to the table, evidently pleased that Elphaba was now having to undergo the same experience she had had earlier that morning. Frex, however, completely ignored his eldest daughter as he sat at the table, poured himself a cup of coffee and then opened his newspaper.

Elphaba watched her father in horror. She had felt certain that if only she hung on until he re-entered the room, she would be allowed to go and pee, but it did not seem as if this was her father’s plan.

“Papa?” she whimpered, to get his attention.

Frex looked up from his newspaper and his eyebrows knotted together. “Get your hand out of there and stay still,” he ordered, “Young ladies do not behave in that manner.”

Elphaba obediently withdrew her hand from her crotch, but was completely unable to stop dancing. If she did so, even for a second, she was afraid that her bladder would explode all over the floor.

“Stay still, Elphaba,” Frex repeated sternly, his hand moving threateningly to his belt.

Elphaba stilled her feet, but her whole body trembled with the effort of holding on and she was sure it would give way any moment. Her hand strayed nervously to the front of her nightgown, ready to grab herself again if she needed to.

“If you touch yourself,” Frex warned, unbuckling his belt and sliding it menacingly front its loops, “You’re going to be in big trouble, young lady.”

Feeling a small amount of pee leak out and dampen her underwear, Elphaba squeezed her legs tight together- but it wasn’t enough without the pressure of her hand. A little more liquid slipped out and Elphaba tried her hardest not to look either pained or guilty as she felt it trickle down her left thigh, leaving a searing line on her skin.

“Papa,” she whispered through trembling lips, “I-I’m going to… P-please don’t make me-”

As she looked up, she realised that Nessa no longer looked triumphant. On the contrary, a worried frown had crossed her face and she seemed genuinely concerned as she too addressed her father.

“Papi, I think Elphaba’s going to have an accident.”

Elphaba’s having an accident, Elphaba mentally corrected in despair, as several more trails burned her thighs. She managed to cut each one off by rubbing her legs together and intercepting them before they reached the edge of her nightgown and became visible- but in doing so, she was causing the wetness to come into contact with more of her skin and causing herself even more pain. She gripped a fistful of dress in either hand to prevent herself from crying out, and her entire body shook with the strain. And then, without warning, her bladder yielded, and pee began to gush down both thighs at an alarming rate. Gasping in pain and fear, Elphaba grabbed her crotch with both hands and resumed her frantic dancing. She was able to cut off the flow, but not before a small puddle had formed at her feet.

Instantly as she had begun peeing visibly, her father had risen from his chair. He was now standing before her, belt taut between his hands. He bellowed something furiously, but Elphaba did not hear what he said because, at that very moment, her fearful bladder gave out completely and she was too overwhelmed by the terror of the situation and the sudden excruciating pain of her blistering legs, to form any further coherent thought. The last thing she saw was her father looming over her, belt in hand- and then her vision blackened.

And then Elphaba awoke for real, mercifully nineteen years old once more and safe in her dormitory at Shiz, far away from her father’s wrath. At first, she thought she had actually urinated in her sleep, the memory of the pain felt so real and prevailing. But as she felt cautiously between her thighs, she was able to confirm that the feeling was only imagined and that the injured skin from her accident two weeks previous was healing nicely, aided by a particular lotion which she had been applying liberally. Good- sharing a dormitory with a bedwetter was exhausting enough without her adopting the same habit herself. Which reminded her…

Sitting up quickly, Elphaba grabbed her wristwatch from her bedside table and cursed under her breath as she saw the time. Damn- she was going to be late for her Sorcery seminar if she didn’t hurry, and she had been hoping to keep Madame Morrible in a good mood so that she could put forward the request she had decided upon several hours ago.

As she hoisted herself out of bed, Elphaba’s eyes fell on Galinda. The blonde was curled up in a tight ball, still sleeping peacefully. Her golden curls splayed out on the pillow around her and her pink coral lips were slightly parted. The corner of Elphaba’s mouth tipped into a half smile before, suddenly checking herself, she looked away quickly and began busying herself with preparing for her morning.

*013*2015-09-07 12:52

Chapter 6

“I’ve got something for you.”

Galinda, who was walking alone to History class, turned her head warily as Elphaba ran up behind her, boots clomping, then fell into pace with her. Yes, they’d bonded a little over that whole embarrassing incident the previous night, but that didn’t mean the green girl was free to address her whenever she saw her around the corridors. Surely Elphaba knew that?

“What is it, Miss Elphaba?” she asked curtly, all too aware of how much attention she was already drawing by walking at Elphaba’s side.

“I’ve been thinking a lot about what you told me last night,” Elphaba answered, either not noticing or simply not thrown by Galinda’s retreat back into ‘Miss,’ “About how much Sorcery means to you. And I wanted to apologise for ruining your chance at a place in Morrible’s seminar.”

“That’s perfectly fine,” Galinda said stiffly. She hoped this conversation would finish before they reached the History room. Fiyero was in that class, and the last thing Galinda wanted was for him to see her arrive in Elphaba’s company.

“Well, I spoke to Madame Morrible this morning,” Elphaba continued, unperturbed by Galinda’s tone, “And she was in an awful mood, I’ll have you know. Honestly, I’m sometimes inclined to believe that woman-”

“Miss Elphaba,” Galinda interrupted, coming to a halt, unable to take it any longer, “If you have a point to make, please do so quickly and skip all this chit-chat. People are staring.”

And she wasn’t wrong. All around them, students had stopped in the hallway and were nudging each other to point out the strange sight of popular Galinda walking side-by-side with the odd green girl.

Elphaba paused, and then her features undertook a cold, hard expression.

“My point, Miss Galinda-” she began icily, then seemed to change her mind, “No, you’re right. I have no point whatsoever. Much like the wands in your ridiculous entry essay. Magic Wands- Need They Have a Point?- indeed. Perhaps next time you write a thesis, you’ll get a little further if you don’t have to resort to nauseating puns.”

Unlike Galinda, Elphaba had not been struggling to keep her voice low. She didn’t give two hoots what any of these other students thought or how much attention she attracted. Hell, she herself caused people to stare simply by entering a room. But Galinda, it seemed, did mind the attention, and her eyes flicked nervously around their spectators. Elphaba wondered whether if the smaller girl had even heard two words of her rant. Feeling sick to her stomach that she had allowed herself to begin to feel affectation for her roommate, she left the other girl alone in the hallway and stamped off to History class, the long, wooden box whose contents she had been intending to gift to the other girl lying unopened in her satchel.

###

Later that evening, Elphaba was sitting at her desk, in the middle of writing a letter to her father, when she heard her roommate enter. She ignored her and carried on scribbling- until she sensed the presence of the smaller blonde girl lurking directly behind her. Closing her eyes briefly in frustration, she set her pen down.

“What do you want, Miss Galinda?” she asked tiredly.

“I want to explain.”

Elphaba turned to look at her and raised an eyebrow. The blonde was looking carefully at her delicate, white shoes instead of at her roommate.

“I want us to be friends, Elphaba. I really do. But I don’t want you to be my only friend. So I can’t just have you approaching me in the hallways and yelling your head off like that. Because that’s what will happen, Elphie. They don’t like you,” she stressed quietly, as though this last point might somehow be news to her roommate.

“So let me see,” Elphaba said, scrutinising the other girl from behind her glasses, “If I’m understanding you fully, you’re saying that you’d like to be –friends- with me. But only inside these four walls. Is that correct?”

Galinda nodded glumly. The fact that she still couldn’t meet Elphaba’s eyes told her that Galinda understood exactly how unreasonable her request was. Yet, there was still something irritatingly endearing about the little blonde. And could Elphaba blame her for any of what she was saying? Why, if she herself had been born in Galinda’s body, she probably wouldn’t want to be seen in public with the green girl either.

“Okay.”

Galinda raised her eyes at last. “What do you mean, ‘okay’?”

Elphaba shrugged. “Thanks for explaining. I appreciate your honesty.”

“You’re simply going to accept that?” Galinda asked incredulously, her eyes wide.

“Well, as you so kindly pointed out,” Elphaba said calmly, “Nobody else likes me. I may as well keep the only friend I’ve got, terms and conditions and all. Now,” she added, rummaging in her satchel and retrieving the long, wooden box, “Allow me to show you the item I was trying to give to you earlier.”

For a moment, Galinda still looked confused. But then her eyes fell on the box and grew even wider. She looked like one of those bug-eyed porcelain dolls her sister was so fond of, Elphaba thought.

“Is that what I think it is?” Galinda asked, her voice worryingly unsteady. Elphaba hoped her roommate wasn’t about to cry: having never experienced this ‘friendship’ thing before, she wasn’t at all confident in her ability to effectively deal with tears.

“I spoke to Madame Morrible before my Sorcery seminar this morning,” she explained, “She’s agreed to accept you onto the programme, provided you promise to work hard and do all that she asks of you.”

Galinda simply stared at her for a full three seconds. Then there was a tell-tale quiver of her bottom lip before her eyes filled with tears and then, with no more warning than that, she flung her arms around Elphaba’s neck and dived on top of her. Elphaba just managed to catch the edge of the desk with her hand to prevent the chair tipping over and sending them both flying backwards. She awkwardly patted the other girl’s back for a few seconds, wincing as several of Galinda’s tears dripped painfully onto her neck and then finally, with difficulty, managed to extract the sobbing blonde from her body.

Elphaba cleared her throat awkwardly as Galinda sniffled and brushed the remaining tears from her eyes. “Next class is on Thursday morning at nine thirty,” she said, as though she had not just experienced the most physical contact she’d had in a lot of years, “We’ll be practising colour-changing spells. You can read the corresponding chapter in my textbook. I don’t mind sharing until you’ve the time to get your own.”

She indicated the battered-up, second-hand volume on her desk, but Galinda was not paying attention. Instead, she had snatched up the wooden box and extracted the training wand it contained as carefully as one would had it been made of glass. After studying the thing in wonder for a few moments, her eyes flicked back to Elphaba.

“Thank you,” she breathed, staring at her roommate as though she was something wondrous.

“You’re welcome.” All this attention was making Elphaba decidedly uncomfortable. She hurriedly signed off the letter she’d been writing and slipped it into an envelope, preparing to make her escape from the situation.

Her satchel was slung over her shoulder and she was halfway to the door before Galinda called out to her.

“Elphaba?”

She turned warily. “Yes?”

“Now that we’re officially friends- can I call you Elphie?”

A/N: No omo. But plot is important too! It'll be back in subsequent chapters, so nobody panic ;)

*015*2015-09-07 15:45

{{:

This story is excellent I can't wait to read what happens next

}}

Thank you for the support! I'm so glad you're enjoying it so far.

*018*2015-09-15 19:17

A/N: Thank you for all the encouragement so far!

Elphaba groaned, her eyes opening as a loud Bang! pulled her back into consciousness. She’d been dreaming about Nessarose again. It had been another guilt-filled dream, no doubt connected with the current lack of time she was able to spend with her sister. Elphaba spent a half-awake few seconds contemplating this before a second Bang! roused her fully. Sitting up, she reached for her glasses and pushed them onto her nose in just enough time to witness a small, long object fly past her.

“Galinda? What in the name of Oz are you doing?”

Upon looking across the room and seeing that Galinda’s empty bed was smoking as though it had just been on fire, Elphaba leapt up. Her bladder protested as she did so: she hardly ever used the bathroom before sleeping and last night had been no exception. After laying a green hand on her abdomen for just a second, she looked to her roommate to see what all the commotion was about.

Galinda was standing beside her bed, which was still emitting copious amounts of smoke. Her arms were folded and her face red, her small shoulders heaving in abject frustration. Elphaba realised that the soaring object had been Galinda’s new training wand.

“For Oz’s sake, Galinda,” she said tersely, retrieving her own wand and setting about putting the damage straight. “You’ll set off the smoke detectors if you’re not careful.”

“It isn’t my fault!” Galinda protested, “My training wand’s broken. I’m sure it is.”

Well, it might be now, Elphaba thought. She found it difficult to believe that there had been anything wrong with Galinda's wand before it had been thrown across the room.

Their first joint sorcery lesson had taken place on Thursday morning and had been a frustrating affair for all involved. Galinda- though brimming with enthusiasm- had struggled to perform even the simplest spells. In an attempt to preserve her roommate's dignity, Elphaba had tried to feign similar difficulties, but Morrible had seen right through her. Some cynical comments from the Sorcery Mistress about how Elphaba may never meet the Wizard if she didn't try harder caused her to step up her game. She had performed outstandingly for the rest of the class and had felt rather proud of herself-- until, of course, she had noticed the look of envy and defeat on Galinda’s face.

Now she knew better than to query her roommate’s assertion that her wand was broken. Instead, she crossed the room and collected it from where it had landed, next to the half-open bathroom door. As she did so, Elphaba’s eyes flicked briefly to the bathroom itself as her bladder twinged. Yes, she would have to stop by there before she went back to bed.

Handing the wand back to her roommate, Elphaba looked her full in the eyes.

“You’ll get there,” she told her firmly. “Keep practicing and I promise it won’t be long before it comes naturally to you.”

Receiving no response, she turned purposefully in the direction of the bathroom. After taking just a few keen steps however, a soft whimpering not dissimilar to that of an injured puppy, began to make itself heard.

Elphaba turned glanced back. Galinda had her arms clasped around her torso as though for protection. Her head was bowed and she was crying softly. Elphaba felt her heart constrict and her breath hitch in her throat. She noticed for the first time that the front of Galinda’s nightgown was soaked and clinging to her skin. It was difficult to imagine a sorrier sight.

“Oh, Galinda,” she said quietly. And, though she wasn’t usually one to initiate physical contact, Elphaba could not help but go back and collect the smaller girl in her arms. Galinda fell into the embrace immediately. Her head came to rest on Elphaba’s chest and her hands pulled the other girl in tighter.

“I don’t know why this is happening to me,” she mumbled into the front of Elphaba’s nightgown. “I hadn’t wet myself for years before Shiz, and now it’s happening all the time. Momsie would be so disappointed.”

“Sshh,” Elphaba soothed, green fingers coming to rest at the base of a blonde, silky head. She was surprised at how naturally comforting Galinda felt to her- she supposed it must be due to years of acting as a mother of sorts to Nessarose. “I’m sure your mother would understand that you can’t help it.”

Easing them apart, she used one hand to retrieve her wand from the bedside table and the other to guide Galinda back towards her bed. She cleaned both the bedsheets and Galinda’s nightgown, each with a nimble flick of her wand. Then, after rearranging the sheets- which now gave the impression of being freshly laundered- Elphaba pulled them aside so that the blonde could climb into bed. Galinda lay down obediently but, as Elphaba began to move away, she sat up again.

“No- please don’t leave me,” she begged.

Elphaba felt a touch of annoyance at this. Her bladder was really protesting now and Galinda was acting much younger than her eighteen years. “Galinda, I’ll be less than ten feet away from you,” she pointed out logically, straining to keep her tone level.

Galinda’s face fell. “I know I’m being a baby,” she said, “But I don’t want to sleep on my own right now. I'm feeling alone tonight, that’s all.” She picked at the corner of her bedcover miserably.

Elphaba sighed. Why did she find it so difficult to say no to Galinda? “I’ll sit with you until you fall asleep,” she compromised.

She perched on the edge of the bed and Galinda's eyes lit up like a child's at Lurlinemas. It was all Elphaba could do not to roll her own. Though she supposed it was nice to be needed again now that Madame Morrible was taking care of Nessarose. Thinking of Nessa rekindled that squeeze of guilt in her gut- and this, coupled with her full bladder caused her to fidget a little. To suppress it, she crossed one leg carefully over the other.

“What are you thinking about?”

Elphaba looked down at Galinda. The blonde was eyeing her searchingly.

“My sister,” she admitted after a beat, “Things are different here.”

“You’re telling me,” Galinda said, nestling down in her bed, “Nobody ever warned me that university would be so isolating. I feel so alone nearly all the time.”

“Alone? You?” Elphaba had to repress a snort. “You’re followed around by that insipid group of girls wherever you go- and half of Shiz’s male population too. How could you possibly feel alone?”

“You wouldn’t understand.”

“Try me.” Elphaba’s mind was reeling. Her comprehension skills were among the best at Shiz, but she couldn’t understand this.

Galinda sighed. “It’s better to be alone that it is to feel alone,” she said, trying to explain and obviously struggling. “I could have all the friends in Oz and it wouldn’t make a difference. It’s worse to have a hundred friends who don't understand you or care about you than it is to have no friends at all.”

Frowning, Elphaba tried to process this. For a moment, she thought she understood: perhaps being constantly surrounded by people was not necessarily a good thing. But then Elphaba pictured Galinda as she often saw her in the hallways: laughing and smiling, surrounded by friends and admirers. It was ludicrous to think that not a single one of those people cared about the little blonde curled up beside her. There was so much in Galinda to feel affection for: it was impossible that nobody else could see that.

She turned, hoping to articulate her thoughts to Galinda. But the blonde’s eyes were closed and her breathing heavy. Elphaba smiled a little to herself. Her bladder throbbed and pulsed, demanding immediate relief. It was beginning to hurt now, but Elphaba stubbornly ignored it. It was becoming clear to her that there was a lot more to her roommate than she had initially realised. And Elphaba felt she needed a few moments more to think on this before she got up to take care of her imminent need.
