Chapter 28

But now... what to wear?

They both were standing next to their beds while only wearing their underwear while going through their remaining clothes.

Most of Luna's pants were still in the cleaning service, she had one more black jeans, shorts, a dress... she didn't like that as it's less enjoyable to wet herself in, and at this point she was just picking out clothes she wanted to wet in.

She had her classy dark red satin jumpsuit, that would be perfect for in the evening but not for now.

After talking it over with Chloe they both choose to wear the same shorts they had worn during their trip to the village with the mountain trail. The textile was light and it wasn't bothersome when it got wet, in fact Luna had enjoyed walking around in the wet shorts during their trip and Chloe agreed.

"Lets just wear these and continue where we left off yesterday?" Chloe proposed,

Luna questioned, "You mean continue to just go in our pants whenever we feel like it?"

"Yep," Chloe said joyful, "And lets just rewet them throughout the day!"

Fucking hell that was exactly what Luna wanted.

"Hold up, before I get dressed, I should probably pee now, else I'll have to pee again soon." Luna announced.

Luna was contemplating... she was standing on the carpet next to their bed with her clothes laid out in front of her.

"Well the toilet is closed... hehe Should I just pee here on the carpet?" Luna laughed at her own proposal, "Or act a little bit more normal and go in the shower?"

Chloe casually responded, "Shower is boring, carpet is more fun, or.... if you don't have to pee just yet... you know, just wait and put on your clothes and pee in your shorts later when you feel like it? Like anywhere on the ship is fine at this point."

Luna stood still for a couple of seconds, looking at Chloe, processing what she was saying... it meant actively skipping her emptying her bladder now and getting to pee her shorts sooner... "Fuck it", Luna started putting her clothes on.

Knowing full well it wasn't gonna take very long for her to have to pee was already filling her with anticipation.

They both got dressed, downed the remaining two bottles of water that were still standing in their room and went on their way to go meet up with Selena and Vicky, who apparently also got up late. Funnily enough they were also wearing shorts, Vicky had short jeans shorts on and Selena had her light and comfortable blue shorts on. Luna figured they were in the same situation as her and Chloe and were running out of things to wear.

"We heard there's a really good Japanese Bento stand that we haven't tried yet! Apparently it's delicious and a must try!" Vicky started when they met up.

Selena quickly added, "It's takeaway, so we can eat it somewhere up on the top deck, there's also a separate bar there we haven't tried yet, it has a great view over the ship and sea as well."

Luna and Chloe agreed and they went on their way, once they arrived and a small waiting time later they each had picked out their own order. Luna had to give credit, it all looked super tasty and she had struggled to finally make a decision on what to select.

In the meantime they also got a drink while waiting in line, the friendly Japanese employee of the bento stand had pointed out they also had all sorts of traditional Japanese tea's.

In the meantime, while waiting and downing their drinks they had some small chit chat with the people in the bento stand.

"It looks delicious! We're gonna go eat it at the bar on the separate top deck, we heard not a lot of people go there and it's great." Chloe chatted,

"It's a fantastic bar to go to!! Great view and very spacious!! Perfect for eating the bento!" The employee agreed in an Asian accent,

The female employee next to him gave them a warning, "Watch out for accidents though, there are no immediate toilets in the vicinity over there!"

"No worries, won't be a problem!" Luna confidently said,

The others were giggling behind Luna's back, they all knew the lack of toilets wasn't gonna be a problem for any of them.

While sipping their drinks the group started chatting about yesterday and how things went after they had left.

"Didn't get into trouble with your neighbour like last time?" Selena asked nonchalantly,

"Hhm? No?" Luna responded, "Wait, why would you ask if we would get in trouble again?"

Wait how did they know that they....?

Vicky cunningly answered "Oh come on it was so obvious why you two suddenly left yesterday!"

"Yea you two were all over each other!" Selena quickly added,

Luna could feel herself starting to blush, damn, apparently they hadn't been careful enough...

Chloe managed to swiftly change the subject, "So how did your evening go yesterday? You guys stayed much longer I'm guessing as you're only up now?"

Now it was Selena and Vicky's turn to start blushing, they looked at each other and got a meaningful grin on their faces.

"Uhm... it was okay I'd say." Vicky responded carefully.

Selena seemed to be mincing her words as well, "We had a great time at the club Zeke had invited us to!"

"Sooo... how was it?" Luna asked,

While Chloe was also adding more follow up questions they got almost no info out of Vicky and Selena, everytime they gave a meaningful look to each other followed up with giving a half assed answer.

Now it was Vicky who swiftly changed the subject, "So you guys went with shorts as well? Let me guess, running out of clothes?"

Turns out Luna had guessed right and they all were running out of fresh clothes to wear.

"Honestly we agreed to just wet our shorts throughout most of the day and not give a fuck about the toilet system no more." Selena casually explained.

Luna agreed, "Same here! And meanwhile lets do the activities on the ship we haven't done yet!"

They continued chatting about what activities to do later while waiting for their bento boxes to be ready, it wasn't long or Luna her attention started to drift off to what Selena had just said, reminding her of the plan of simply wetting their shorts whenever they felt like it, and her bladder had filled up by now, not that she was anywhere close to being desperate yet.

Even if they were standing here at the bento stand with other people around, why would that stop her from enjoying the last full day of the cruise and openly indulge in her fetish? Just thinking about it was already sending waves of fluttering feelings through her stomach.

Getting more and more aroused the longer she was fantasizing about wetting her shorts here and now, made her seriously contemplate doing it right here...

The more she thought about it the more she was getting convinced, her excitement was building and moments later Luna eagerly let her bladder relax and let out a spurt in her panties, before her pee could even fully absorb in her panties she quickly followed up by doing a much longer spurt, enjoying the warmth that collected around her pussy... which slowly faded when her pee was soaking in her panties with some going through and in her shorts.

She knew very well it was enough to show a wet spot on the crotch of her grey shorts, but she simply wasn't worried about that anymore.

Instead she was enjoying the freedom of wetting her shorts whenever and wherever she wanted... while that thought crossed her mind Luna let her bladder relax again, her heartbeat was increasing knowing this would do more damage than just a wet spot.

Without hesitating Luna relaxed and enjoyed how she could feel another wave of wetness spread in her panties, pee soaking through and into her shorts, not at all bothered but definitely aroused knowing that onlookers could see her wet herself.

Streaks of pee were starting to go down her legs and only when it reached her knees Luna finally stopped her stream, making the warm glow slowly fade away in her crotch.

She glanced down to inspect the damage and surely a big wet spot was shining on her crotch while making the light grey fabric turn into a much darker grey. She could even feel wetness on her butt, which meant it must even be visible from behind what she had just done.

Meanwhile drops of pee were still going down her legs.

"I love how you just pissed yourself without even saying anything." Vicky said while letting out a chuckle.

Luna admitted sheepishly, "I just felt like doing it, I didn't even need to pee that badly honestly."

"Haha no worries!"

Luna knew very well the others weren't judging her at all, what she didn't realise yet is that she had just started something...

"Oh look, I'm going as well!" Selena blurted out spontaneously.

Selena lifted her leg up by a little bit and they could all see drops of pee falling down from her shorts and legs onto the ground, resulting in leaving a sizeable wet spot on her blue shorts. It seemed like she had spontaneously started peeing for at least a couple of seconds before stopping her stream.

"Hold up, since when are you so bold to start wetting yourself like that?" Vicky asked surprised, "People saw that you know."

They all giggled at their spontaneous pee breaks, in their shorts. Even Selena wasn't ashamed at all of what she did or the fact people had seen her do it.

Luna was feeling cheerful knowing it was gonna be a very wet day for their shorts.

Moments later their bentos were ready to pick up, so they went on their way towards the elevators that would bring them up to the highest floor where the deck was that they wanted to go to.

Meanwhile Luna was enjoying the cool touch of the wet fabric brushing against her skin while she walked.

Surprisingly they weren't the only ones needing the elevator, there was a little group in front of it, waiting for it to arrive.

They joined the group in the back with Chloe standing right in front of Luna, when suddenly Chloe turned her head and gave a wink to Luna and the others.

Ever so slightly Chloe parted her legs, but Luna had immediately caught her doing it, moments later the first drops were starting to fall on the carpet straight from her crotch, a single streak of pee running down her thigh followed by a barely visible wet spot that formed between her thighs.

So this is how today was gonna go... Luna's heart was already racing from wetting herself and now seeing the others blatantly join in and wet their shorts on a whim...

"I can't believe I'm the last one with still dry panties..." Vicky humorously announced.

They all giggled knowing this must have been the first time that Vicky was the last of the group to still have dry pants since the cruise started.

Turned out Chloe felt like doing some more, still standing right behind the people in front of the entrance of the elevator she spread her feet further and mere seconds later a stream of pee poured out of her shorts legs and drizzled onto the carpet, making a faint splattering noise, only after several seconds she stopped her stream. Enough to make a small puddle on the carpet and having the wet stain on the back of her shorts expand and creep up her butt. Making the red colour of her shorts turn into a darker red.

This time it was enough to catch the attention of some of the people who were waiting in front of them.

"Did you just see that? That girl is pissing herself."

"Oh I thought I heard something, she had an accident?"

"Pfft, it's obvious that wasn't an accident at all!"

Knowing that some of the people in front of them had noticed what they had just done was making Luna feel flustered, it felt like they were getting away with doing something that wasn't allowed!

The little bell rang announcing the elevator had arrived, without furthermore the doors opened and people entered, no one made a big deal out of it that they had just seen someone blatantly wet her shorts.

It felt somewhat weird to be walking around in peed shorts while getting cramped in an elevator with a group of people, but here they were.

Nobody seemed to care three girls got in with very visibly peed shorts, Chloe's were still glistening a little with being freshly peed in.

Their group got pushed into a corner of the elevator while the doors closed, just when the elevator went up Luna noticed how Vicky was biting on the side of her lip while standing in the corner, her face was slightly red.

Vicky nodded downwards with a little grin.

They all glanced down to seeing Vicky in the middle of wetting her jeans shorts, without letting out a word or let alone a sound.

Vicky was slowly peeing in her shorts while the others watched in silence, with pee slowly running down her legs while a glistening wet spot was visibly growing on her jeans shorts, growing bigger and bigger. She might have been the last to wet her shorts but it didn't look like she was gonna stop until her bladder was emptied like the others had done. It looked like Vicky was gonna commit to emptying her bladder right here in a packed elevator.

While Vicky was still midstream the elevator stopped and the doors opened, making people start to exit. People passed by while everyone could hear and see how Vicky was still soaking her shorts with an expanding puddle underneath her, some people were rolling their eyes while others were giggling and laughing at seeing Vicky wetting herself.

By the time the doors closed again Vicky seemed to be done peeing, leaving a big puddle on the carpet of the elevator with pee still dripping from her shorts. The girls couldn't get their massive grin off their face even if they wanted to, they all felt being especially bold today.

What they just did is in one way crazy, but Luna also felt like it was only innocent fun and they weren't doing anything really bad, like what's the harm in peeing in your shorts? But on second thought, how much has this cruise really skewed their perception of wetting by now?

Now it was just their group that was left and a family with a daughter, the mother and father were discussing something, from what Luna could tell it was about their daughters toilet habits, or more so the recent lack there of. Both the parents were minding their own business, facing away from their group while being completely oblivious to Vicky who had just wet her pants.

The same couldn't be said for their daughter, as she was looking at Luna and their group with a grin on her face, seeing what Vicky had done.

"Are we sure it's a good idea to just let her wet her pants whenever she feels like?" the father asks,

The mother replied confidently, "That's not what we agreed on! We've talked about this before, it's not a big deal if accidents happen for as long as the cruise lasts, once it's over she can't wet no more, no more accidents, that's the deal!"

The girl her grin changed into a more mischievous one, while standing behind her parents and out of sight for them she changed her stance and spread her feet wide. Oh god Luna immediately understood she and the others might have unwillingly influenced the little girl into something.

The mother added, "She's supposed to avoid having accidents of course! It's not like we allow her to just wet her pants on purpose..."

The mother hadn't completely finished her sentence or Luna and the others could see how a dark wet spot appeared on the girls jeans... The girl had promptly started wetting her pants, within seconds her jeans were turning shiny while the wet stain was quickly spreading downwards down her legs.

"Ok, you're probably right, it's not like these accidents are on purpose. But we need to be absolutely clear about it that wetting her pants is not done once the cruise ends, once she goes back to school things have to go back to normal." The father argued,

"I agree, she can't have accidents when school starts!" The mother argued back in agreement,

The little girl was still wetting her pants while her parents were still completely oblivious about it.

"Ah screw it..." a thought crossed through Luna's mind... she felt like following the girls lead and finish what she had started earlier.

Luna relaxed her own bladder and let it's remaining contents flow freely, she wasn't even bothered that these two people might catch on...

She enjoyed the immediate but familiar warm wetness spreading across her crotch, letting it further saturate her panties and shorts... taking full advantage about the freedom that was given to her by the cruise, and using her shorts as a toilet on a whim.

The elevator bell rang and just when the little girl was done peeing her pants the doors opened, the family exited while the girl left a puddle in the middle of the elevator.

Pee was still dripping from her pants while she walked behind her parents and out of the elevator, she turned around and showed of another big mischievous smile on her face, which Luna and the others answered by giving a just as mischievous smile back.

As the family left the elevator and walked away they could hear the mother suddenly speak up, "Wait, did you just wet your pants?!"

The family was just barely out of sight but they could all hear the girl laughing out loud at her mothers reaction seeing she had just wet herself. "Sorry, it was an accident! Just like that it suddenly started coming out!!"

Still midstream Luna had felt her pee starting to flow in her shoes and socks and shifted stances, bending through her knees and leaning on her knees with her hands, so that her shoes wouldn't get soaked. Letting her bladder empty while the doors closed again while Chloe pressed the button for the highest floor.

Luna could see how the entire front of her shorts had gotten soaked just now, with how she could feel the wet textile cling to her skin she knew her butt must have a big wet patch as well.

They all giggled seeing how Luna had comfortably wet her shorts while also giggling about the scene with the little girl having a laugh over having wet herself.

"How can those parents be so oblivious to believe their daughter didn't just wet herself fully on purpose?!" Vicky laughed,

The elevator doors closed again and they pressed the button for the top floor, the floor they needed.

Just as the elevator started moving it was now Chloe and Selena who without missing a beat were further wetting their shorts, copying the stance of Luna while creating more puddles on the carpet, both their shorts got completely soaked with pee and were still dripping by the time they got out of the elevator.

___________

Now that the girls had reached the bar on the top deck for a round of drinks and to start eating their bento box they had all emptied their bladders fully in their shorts, without any shame they stood at the bar in fully soaked shorts while they ordered their round of drinks.

Apparently they were the only ones on this part of the deck with nobody else around aside from the guy behind the bar, this made this deck a very chill and relaxing place to eat.

Once seated they started munching on their bento boxes, which quickly turned out to be amazingly good as they all agreed the bento stand had been a great idea.

"Guys, it's starting to get really cloudy with dark clouds in the distance, I think it's gonna rain in a bit." Chloe said worried,

Selena replied not worried at all, "Lets go inside the ship in a bit and do all the stuff we haven't done yet, it's also easy to do lots of activities if we don't bother to stand in lines at the toilets!"

"What about laser shooting? Or lets check out the arcade maybe?" Vicky asked while having a mouth full of rice.

They took their sweet time savouring their meal while having a great view sitting so high up on the ship, as time passed both Luna and Chloe tried to get more info out of Vicky and Selena about what happened in the club last night but both wouldn't botch, only increasing their curiosity the more Selena and Vicky were dodging the questions.

________________

After their food was done and a couple drinks later the dark clouds were hanging over their heads, no rain so far so they stayed a little while longer... when their conversation died down for a moment they could enjoy the various sounds of the sea and the ship mixing together.

The wind coursing over the decks.

Waves smashing against the side of the ship.

Other passengers chatting and laughing in the distance on the deck below.

A brief but faint *psst* sound could be heard followed with dripping of liquid on the floor...wait, hold on...

She had heard that for only a brief second... Luna looked around seeing where it came from...

*psssht*

A splattering sound followed coming from Chloe who was sitting right next to Luna, she was playfully pushing out large spurts, letting pee gush in and through her red shorts in bursts.

*pssssshhhttt*

Not at all bothered they all kept slurping from their drinks, not at all surprised Chloe was rewetting her shorts while soaking her chair, they could all see how a fresh dark wet patch was growing bigger on Chloe's crotch while she was sitting what seemed to be comfortably with one foot on the edge of her chair and knee raised.

*pssssssshhh....*

Pee was gushing out of Chloe's shorts leg while her crotch was glistening from wetness, she calmly relieved herself in her shorts while making a puddle beneath her chair, after a short while she was done and her stream slowly died down making her shorts and chair slowly dripping with pee...

Nobody responded or said anything aside from grinning and chuckling, they could all hear the dripping coming from Chloe's shorts and chair mixing with the various sounds coming from the ship and sea, when suddenly the dripping sound came back again, this time it came from Vicky's direction.

Luna could tell how a new wet patch had formed on Vicky's crotch who was sitting slightly with her legs open, it was easy to tell as her denim shorts were turning into a darker shade of blue as the liquid was spreading.

Without anyone saying anything Vicky spread her legs more open to give the others a better view of what she was doing, Luna could easily see how Vicky was slowly and lazily letting out spurts of pee in her shorts. Making her crotch glisten every few seconds followed with dripping from her chair unto the floor underneath her chair.

Luna was loving the way how her friends were so casual about wetting right now.

Suddenly Selena shifted on her seat, took her sneakers off and put both her feet on her chair with her knees spread wide and raised high, they all had a great view of her crotch and butt, just as Luna expected a mere second later she could see how Selena started peeing, letting it pour in and through her shorts, making a big wet patch on her crotch and adding a fresh one on her butt.

"I love the feeling when the back of my shorts are getting soaked!" Selena casually announced,

"Same!" Vicky responded immediately, but what she did next shocked Luna and Chloe.

While Vicky was in between doing spurts in her own shorts she bend over a little and moved her hand over and caressed Selena's crotch while pee was still soaking through, catching a feel for the warm wetness on her friends shorts.

Selena didn't stop and kept peeing, making it stream over and through Vicky's fingers like it wasn't the first time they had done something like this.

Luna and Chloe's mouth dropped open from shock and surprise.

"Hhm, you like that?" Selena asked innocently,

Before Vicky answered she must've realised the awkwardness of what she had just done in front of Luna and Chloe, immediately moving her hand away and drying off Selena's pee from her hand against a dry spot on her own shorts.

Luna and Chloe gave each other a meaningful look while still being in shock what they had just seen them do... what was this about? Did this have to do with what happened yesterday and the day before? Luna immediately wanted to get to the bottom of it.

Chloe pointed her finger in the air trying to get the attention and speak up, "Uhm...!"

"Shhh you didn't see anything!" Selena interrupted while grinning mischievously,

Luna wasn't having it this time, "Hold on, we want an explanation right now!"

"...what? ...we're just pee buddies!" Vicky joked around, "No but seriously, sometimes I forget people think pee is dirty which I don't think is true."

Selena had let out a last spurt and went back to sitting normally while her shorts were still dripping with pee, she nonchalantly said,

"Oh come on it's not a big deal!" While she said it she let her hand go over Vicky's soaking crotch who was still letting out spurts in her shorts every few seconds, as a reaction to Selena's hand on her crotch Vicky started to pee for real this time, followed by a hissing *pssssshhhh* sound, right into her shorts and Selena's hand, who didn't even pull back her hand when Vicky's warm pee was streaming against her hand.

Luna had a hard time processing what exactly was happening.

Selena pulled back her hand and dried it off while Vicky was now done peeing her denim shorts and carried on slurping her drink as if nothing had happened.

Luna and Chloe were about to go in the offense and get answers to what was going on between their friends... when suddenly it started raining...

"Time to go guys!" Selena said while she jumped up,

Vicky and Selena had brushed it off as nothing but Luna was certain they had just pulled that out of their ass, she still wanted to know the ins and outs of their friendship that definitely had changed in the past few days but she couldn't quite put her finger on it yet.

For now the topic got dropped.

_________________

They had all agreed on laser shooting, the arena wasn't all that big but good enough for a 'free for all' with the four of them.

After equipping their gear they started the game, Luna having no experience with this felt like she was gonna lose big time...

A little bit nervous she was scouring the maze like arena, it was dark and cramped, she could barely see anything, and she hadn't heard anything in a while... the ground was also covered in the typical carpet which in this case also caused footsteps to be dampened and very hard to hear.

Until suddenly she could very faintly hear liquid splattering on carpet... it was coming from just around the corner.

Luna jumped from around the corner and immediately pulled the trigger firing her gun in the direction the sound was coming from...

"Nooooooooo!" Chloe whined loudly,

Turns out the sound was coming from Chloe who was nonchalantly standing around relieving her bladder in her shorts, letting her pee splatter on the carpet. Luna hit her right in the chest, costing her a life.

Chloe stood with a heavily exaggerated sad expression on her face, disappointed that she had been shot by her own girlfriend.

"I'm so sorry sweety!" Luna apologised with a silky smooth voice,

She quickly walked up to Chloe and gave her a kiss on her cheek, Chloe was trying to keep up her sad and disappointed facade while she walked away sheepishly, clearly struggling to not grin and keep holding up the sad expression after Luna had called her 'sweety'

Luna carried on, ever so cautious, but similarly to Chloe her bladder had been filling up to the point it was starting to become uncomfortable, she really needed that relieve! So far she hadn't really found the right time to pee yet.

Her mind kept automatically thinking about the need of a toilet because of her full bladder, but she ignored her life long toilet habits and carried on, fully intending of soaking her shorts once more.

Luna arrived in what she was guessing was the central area of the arena, here it was more open with low objects to take cover behind, she saw her opportunity.

Luna crouched behind the first box she could find, rested on one knee while she peeked over the box and scoured the area for opponents...

With a small sigh she relaxed her aching full bladder and let her pee pour out of her and through her panties and shorts, letting it stream down her thigh. She relished the familiar warm and wet sensation that was soaking through her shorts while making a puddle around her knee.

*pssssshhhhhh*

Hoping no one would hear the hissing sound....She took her time to fully empty her bladder, enjoying the warm liquid that was cascading down her one leg accompanied by a warm glow in her crotch. She relished the sensation until her stream finally subsided and pushed a last spurt into her panties.

Once she was done rewetting her shorts she got up and carefully carried on her mission, enjoying the feeling of freshly peed shorts clinging to her skin, still warm with drops of pee running down her legs.

Just when she was about to exit the central area she could hear a sound not far behind her... a wet squelching sound, when she suddenly realised someone must be behind her as they had stepped in the pee puddle she had just made...

Instantaneously Luna did a 180° turn and let herself drop to the ground, making Selena miss her shot, immediately Luna followed up with a shot to her chest, taking out Selena.

"Dammit, where did that puddle even come from?" Selena cursed, "Don't answer, it was a rhetorical question, I know you pissed yourself, I could hear it."

They both laughed over this odd game of laser tag this was becoming.

Luna quickly got herself back together and was back on the mission... she hadn't seen Vicky yet... cautiously she was peeking around corners when suddenly... she heard faint squelching sounds coming from behind her... she immediately turned around... but too late.

"Gotcha!" Vicky triumphantly blurted out,

"Fuuuuuuu..... wait what are those squelching sounds?" Luna asked,

Vicky casually explained, "I just pissed myself a minute ago and let it run in my shoes, don't judge me but I kind of enjoy the feeling."

"Haha no worries, I won't judge!" Luna light heartedly replied.

They played for several rounds, pausing between each for a drink to quench their thirst, for the remainder of the game nobody even mentioned anything about having to pee, they just did when they felt like it. They quickly lost count of how many times they had peed in their shorts...

______________________________

Some time later the girls exited the laser tag room.

"I can't believe you guys haven't gone to the arcade yet!" Chloe blurted out,

Selena pointed out the obvious, "My god our shorts are fucking soaked!"

"To the arcade!" Luna joyfully shouted while playfully ignoring Selena,

They got on their way towards the arcade, walking through the many corridors of the giant ship when suddenly Selena drew the attention of the group.

"Ooooh... almost... I'm close...."

"What? Close to what?" Chloe asked,

Selena said in a dreamy voice, "Aah yes... I'm doing it...."

They now noticed how while they were still walking Selena started peeing herself, pee was streaming down her legs and splattering her shoes while leaving a trail on the carpet.

Selena had finally mastered the art of peeing her pants while walking.

They all giggled once more seeing how nonchalantly they were being about it, even Selena was wetting herself casually. Even if they were walking in a hallway with other people walking through, some people had definitely seen her just wet herself but Selena didn't seem to be bothered by it at all anymore.

Their group definitely weren't the only ones who were taking it easy with toilets today, they often saw other people walking around with wet pants, young and old.

They passed by a father with his daughter following behind him when the father nonchalantly asked his daughter without turning around, "Do you still need to pee or did you already go in your pants?"

The girl must've been around Emma's age, she replied bluntly, "Not yet, but I was about to!"

Luna and the others had to suppress a chuckle hearing the blunt answer of the girl.

"Do you want us to hurry and find a toilet for you?." The dad replied,

The little girl responded in a nonchalant demeanour, "No it's okay, I'll just wet my pants!"

"Alright go ahead."

"Can we stop for a minute? It's really hard to start peeing while walking!" The girl blurted out loudly, definitely loud enough that everyone in their surroundings had heard her say it.

Luna and the others couldn't help but let out a small chuckle hearing the very casual but not so normal conversation between father and daughter.

Not much further the girls had held a small pause to get a drink from one of the many stands spread around the ship when they noticed a young woman a standing little bit further from the stand they were at, she had just gotten a fresh drink from the stand.

*pssssshhhh*

Suddenly the woman started wetting her panties under her dress. Just like them she didn't seem to be bothered at all that people were seeing her doing it, spreading her feet a little and just letting it flow down onto the carpet, they could all hear the hissing coming from under her dress. Best part is that once again nobody seemed to be really putting much attention to it, even though it was pretty crowded in the hallway.

Once the woman was done she took another sip of her drink and carried on like nothing had happened.

It was clear to Luna and her group that they weren't the only people on the ship that were completely disregarding the toilets by now.

Once they got to the arcade they were about to see this trend intensify, Luna remembered how Ian and Joey had talked about girls blatantly wetting their pants....

___________________________________

A group of four people were just about to exit the arcade as Luna and her group arrived, crossing them at the entrance when she overheard them talk,

"How are there so many people here? There's not a single toilet in the vicinity open as far as I'm aware and it's really annoying everytime you need to go!"

"I'm telling you, there are even less toilets open than usual, maybe just a couple on the entirety of this ship!"

"I know right! Everytime you need to go pee you need to walk a long time and often also wait in a long line, the arcade just isn't worth it right now!"

As the group walked out of hearing range Luna and the others let their gaze go over the arcade and it's many cabinets with flashing lights, it was crowded and everywhere they looked were people.

On second glance it seemed a lot of them were wearing wet pants, young and old, it clearly didn't help that the toilets in front of the arcade were closed. Safe to say if you really wanted to enjoy the arcade right now the best option is just going in your clothes. And that's exactly what people were doing.

Luna her attention went towards a young man and woman who were taking a break from their arcade game while the woman (who was standing in already wet jeans) was slurping from a slushy when she suddenly blurted out.

"Oh god these slushy things go straight to your bladder, it's insane!"

Luna had almost missed it, she did a double take and saw how the woman's faded jeans were glistening with pee streaming down her legs, realising she was in the middle of rewetting her jeans, she casually stood next to her boyfriend and was peeing in her pants while simultaneously drinking her slushy.

The woman had noticed Luna was looking at her when she said, "Oh no how embarrassing, that girl is looking at me while I'm peeing in my pants like a weirdo!"

The man comforted her easily, "Nothing to worry about hon, everyone is doing it and your pants were already wet anyway."

He then continued, "I do need to leak as well though, the arcade is getting too full to find a secluded spot in here, it's probably so busy with the bad weather outside."

"Maybe there's a spot right outside the arcade where you can pee?" the woman followed up without missing a beat, "I mean, it's up to you, or... I know your pants are still dry, but hey if you want you can just wet those jeans and we go change clothes later."

Luna and the others carried on deeper into the arcade while they could overhear the man contemplating his girlfriends advise about wetting his jeans as if it wasn't a weird idea to propose.

They got to the rhythm game and Luna wanted to test the skills of Selena and Vicky, but to her dismay the machine seemed to be broken, a technician was bend over it while most of the cover panels were off.

"I'm sorry girls, it's as dead as a doornail. Too many people have wet themselves while dancing and the circuit board shorted..."

The man continued while tinkering with the electronics, "Friendly reminder that liquids and electronics don't mesh well!!"

Well too bad the machine has died, but the girls could hardly keep their laugh in knowing some people had the audacity to wet themselves while dancing.

Still giggling a little they continued and strolled around in the arcade, there weren't really any games free right now, it was really busy after all, it's definitely the bad weather. While strolling Luna could overhear another duo that was playing a fighting game, two young boys.

"Bro I'm beating your ass while I'm simultaneously pissing myself, you're so bad bro... get fucked!"

"Stop pissing yourself and rather fight me you pussy!" The kid seemed to have turned around the fight right as he said it and hit his friend with a juicy combo.

The girls again had trouble holding in their laugh, seeing the friendly banter between the kids while one was openly rewetting his pants while playing the game.

Coming to the conclusion there were no free games currently available, they opted to go and get a slushy.

While waiting in the short line they kept eyeing the many arcade machines, hoping to see one to come free. Meanwhile Luna her attention also kept getting diverted towards other things.

A guy was taking a small break in between rounds of a game he was playing, and while he was drinking from his slushy he was simultaneously peeing his pants. When he was done his pants were completely soaked, putted down his slushy and started the next round like nothing special had happened. Luna wouldn't even have noticed if she wasn't actively looking around.

The cabinet next to the guy were two girls playing a game while debating to leave to go pee....

"Okay I already said it before a couple minutes earlier but now I really need to pee, like if we don't go now I'm guaranteed gonna have an accident."

"Yea I know, I'm also not far off. At the same time I don't want to leave yet, we just got here for fuck sake!"

"I knooooow!" The girl squirmed while making herself sound more dramatically, "An accident is also not the worst thing that could happen by now but still."

"Wait I know, lets just have a holding contest!"

"Wait, until we have an accident?"

"Yea why not? And just like you said, an accident more or less doesn't matter at this point, it's fun and that way we can stay as well!"

"Alright you're on!! Whoever pees her pants first loses!"

The girls happily started another round on their game while visibly being squirmish, Luna was pretty sure they wouldn't last all that long anymore anyway, although somehow she was pretty sure these girls were pretty okay with that.

Again she had almost missed it, but the young woman in front of them was wearing a skirt with black leggings under it, it was barely visible but Luna could make out a fresh shine of wetness trailing down her legs coming from under her skirt, revealing the woman was slowly wetting herself while standing in line. She would've never guessed it if she hadn't been standing this close, a couple minutes later it probably won't even be visible anymore.

There was no sign of any desperation, the woman was nonchalantly scrolling through social media on her phone while waiting in line... and relieving her bladder seemingly unfazed.

"It's kind of crazy to see everyone being so totally okay with this toilet situation right now... It's kind of baffling." Luna said while the others agreed in unison,

"Even the guys are blatantly peeing their pants by now." Selena noticed,

Luna continued letting her gaze go over the arcade, realising it was harder to find people with dry pants than with wet... there were also girls with skirts but if Luna had to guess none of them had dry panties... until her gaze fell on the arcade cabinet right next to the slushy machine, a young boy and two young girls were taking turns at the cabinet, one girl was wearing a skirt while the girl and boy were wearing jeans, surprisingly both their pants were dry! Which was rare at this point, especially considering they were around Emma's age.

Luna figured that just like the girl in the elevator not all children were simply allowed by their parents to wet their pants whenever they wanted to.

The boy had won his round on the game against the girl with jeans on, the girl in jeans switched out for the girl with a skirt on, she stepped up and took over the controls now.

"You came back just in time for your turn! Did you manage to find a toilet?" The boy asked,

The girl in skirt started selecting her character on screen while she replied hesitantly, "I found one but I had to go super far, had to take the elevator and go through central park to find the closest one!"

"Shit for real? I also need to pee and was about to ask where..." The girl in jeans asked while standing next to their cabinet,

"Yea if you need to pee I would leave right know if I were you... the waiting line was hella long as well!" The girl in skirt announced,

The boy asked, "It didn't take you that long to go and come back though? You were only gone for two games or so?"

"Well....I saw the long line and..." The girl sheepishly replied, "....I didn't feel like waiting so long and lose my turn so instead I turned around and came back, I was alone in the elevator on the way back and just peed through my panties."

"Hahaha" The two others giggled light heartedly at their friend who rather wet her panties than lose another turn.

"Just don't snitch on me that I wet my panties on purpose!"

"Oh come on why does it have to be so far... I don't want to go all the way through central park just to go pee everytime..." The girl with jeans said annoyed.

The girl with skirt replied, "...You could also just do an accident you know."

"There's no shame for doing it." The boy said while starting their match, letting their friend spectate.

"I mean... I can still make it if I go right now..." The girl said while she was fiddling around and tugging at her still dry jeans, not moving away from her spot just yet.

"Honestly, just stay and you could just pretend you didn't make it when we go back..." The girl in skirt debated without looking away from the screen, focused on beating her friend,

The girl in jeans contemplated her options for a minute, looked around the arcade and confirmed once more plenty of other people had wet pants and came to a decision.

Luna could tell she had made up her mind, the girl already changed her stance to standing with her feet spread while standing next to her friends spectating their match. Even though she looked a tad nervous tugging at her jeans while fiddling around, knowing she could make it to the toilet in time but was instead considering using her pants instead.

"If anyone asks... you'll say it was an accident okay?" The girl asked sheepishly.

"Of course, and once your pants are wet there's no real reason to not continue peeing in your pants next time you have to go!" The boy replied lightheartedly while playing the game.

A few seconds later Luna could see a small wet spot form that slowly started to grow, making the denim turn a darker shade, within seconds wetness was spreading downwards and down her thighs while also riding up her butt. It didn't take long or her pee was cascading down her legs while she was making two puddles on the carpet, all while she continued spectating her friends playing the game. Deliberately letting her bladder empty in her jeans where she was standing, ignoring the fact that people could see her do it, it didn't matter as many other people were walking around in peed pants anyway.

After the girl was done peeing and put her feet back together Luna and the others got to their turn for the slushy machine and happily filled their cups, not much later they enjoyed slurping their cups while luckily, the people left at the cabinet next to the one they saw the girl wet herself.

They quickly took their chance and Selena and Vicky started first.

Meanwhile the game on the cabinet next to them was over and the girl with the skirt had won against the boy, which meant it was his time to switch.

"Oh no! I'm so sorry you had an accident!" The boy said jokingly,

The girl in now wet jeans sheepishly replied, "So many other people are doing it by now, so it's not a big deal right?"

"Of course not!" The girl with skirt blurted out, "And now you don't need to miss out on your turn!"

"I need to pee now as well though, honestly I think I might join you guys...Is it weird if I do?" The boy admitted sheepishly while tugging at his still dry jeans,

Both girls blurted out, "Go for it!"

"Alright I'm just gonna stay and do an accident!" The boy concluded,

The girl in now soaked jeans added, "Lets just say we all three had an accident and we couldn't help it!"

All three of them laughed over their little scheme, this way they could play more video games!

While the boy spectated his friends he now also spread his feet like his friend had done earlier, moments later Luna and the others could see how the boy started wetting his pants on purpose while he continued spectating his friends. His pants got totally soaked and more wetness was getting added to the already existing puddle that the girl had made before him while peeing her own pants.

Luna and the others couldn't help but let out a chuckle hearing the group next to them making up silly schemes to get away with not going to the toilet and just using their pants, although their parents probably didn't allow it, it wasn't too far fetched to just say that they couldn't find a toilet in time and had an accident in stead.

Not much later Luna clearly heard one of the girls mentioning something,

"Lets just keep wetting our pants on purpose, it's way more convenient, we just say they're accidents and we couldn't help it?"

"Imma be honest, I've been thinking that several times already in the past few days!"

______________________________________

After a short while more cabinets came free and the girls spend a good portion of their evening playing games, at some point Luna had challenged Vicky on a fighting game.

Luna had played it before and was explaining the controls to Vicky while they were selecting their character, while suddenly Luna noticed streaks of pee going down Vicky's legs while she was standing with her legs closed, it was all going in and over her shoes while she didn't make any attempts at saving her shoes and socks. She noticed Luna staring.

"Yea I'm soaking my shoes again just like earlier." Vicky sheepishly admitted, "Don't judge!"

"Hahaha it's okay!" Luna couldn't keep in a chuckle,

Vicky had been blatantly wetting herself all this time so why is she being so timid suddenly?

"Remember how it was accepted to wet your pants in my family?" Vicky started explaining,

Luna nodded,

"While wetting my pants was mostly allowed, there were some rules of course, when I was little I enjoyed the feeling of letting my pee flow in my shoes and socks but this would obviously make them smelly and ruin them over time..." Vicky explained further, "My mom and dad got tired of it and eventually angry and I got punished for when I did it."

"Hahaha okay I get it!" Luna laughed at this reveal, "I see what you mean, I agree it does kind of feel good!"

Luna had soaked her shoes and socks a couple of times during the cruise already and she did know what Vicky was talking about, right now she needed to pee and well... why the hell not.

With her feet firmly placed together Luna relaxed and let the contents of her bladder flow freely into her shorts and panties, down her legs and letting her shoes and socks get the full load, slowly she could feel her warm pee flowing in her shoes pooling around her feet...

"You're right, it feels really nice actually!" Luna happily admitted.

"I know right!" Vicky happily squealed while observing Luna wetting herself, "I got in trouble doing it like that so many times in the past!"

Luna kept her feet together and enjoyed the warm sensation streaming in her shorts, down her legs and into her shoes.

They continued playing their games and when they were finally done with the arcade they all left towards their room to get changed in different clothes, as well as different shoes and socks for Luna and Vicky as they were making squelching sounds through the hallways while walking.

Both had kept wetting their shorts while standing with their feet together, giving their shoes multiple soakings while playing games in the arcade.

A little gift was waiting for them once Luna and Chloe arrived in their room, or that was at least what Luna called it when she saw all of their freshly washed clothes waiting for them, the cleaning service had dropped their fresh clothes in their room.

This only meant they could continue doing as they pleased!

"Look there's a note as well." Chloe mentioned picking up the note from their table.

It was a short and simple note but clear when it said:

_____________

The cleaning service is behind on schedule and cannot take anymore additional loads for the remainder of the cruise as we finish the remaining laundry before the end of the cruise.

Our apologies for this inconvenience.

______________

"Hhm... seeing how many people aren't even trying to find a toilet anymore it's not hard to see how the cleaning service is struggling to keep up..." Luna mentioned,

It wasn't a big deal though, they both had plenty of clothes for the remainder of the cruise, tomorrow was their last day on the cruise before taking the train back home in the evening probably arriving home somewhere in the night. Which meant that they only needed to make sure to have at least one pair of pants for the trip back, easy enough as they had plenty of clothes to wear for tomorrow and wet in!

"Alright lets get dressed and lets go eat?" Chloe asked,

Luna chuckled, "Yea our shorts have had enough soakings for today!"

______________________

The girls enjoyed their dinner together with Selena and Vicky, funny how this entire situation had made them grow closer!

They were now much better friends with Selena and Vicky since before the cruise started.

Luna carelessly enjoyed some sporadic spurts in her fresh pants while munching on her food, she had decided earlier to wear her black jeans which made her care even less if people saw her wet herself. Without further ado she stuffed another piece of tasty steak in her mouth and while chewing she let out a longer stream of pee in her pants before stopping, enjoying the warmth in her crotch and under her butt...

Who would've thought she would be dining like this, completely comfortably and slowly wetting her jeans, she could definitely get used to dining like this...

Sadly this would be the last evening on the ship, meaning this might be the last time she could do it... She went for a couple of fries this time and while chewing she added another wave of wetness in her pants, her butt must be completely soaked by now!

During their time in the restaurant nobody had even mentioned anything about having to pee or use the restroom, they all happily chatted about their experiences they had done today. When it was time to leave and they all got up it wasn't a big surprise when Luna saw that all four of them had completely wet themselves.

Selena had completely wet the back of her skirt, she seemingly had made no attempt to keep it dry.

________________________

After dinner and another clothing change later, Luna had absolutely no plans on going to the toilet in her red jumpsuit. They headed towards the top decks to catch the last party of the cruise, which was now bigger than ever, like some sort final party to end the cruise with. Loads of people were there that she knew.

They met up with the others, Peyton and Liv, Ian and Joey while also greeting others from their class, sometimes getting some teases or remarks from their schoolmates...

"Oh look at our new class couple!"

"You two look cute!"

"Wait so this wasn't a joke?!"

Luna and Chloe were becoming increasingly shy with all the sudden attention but it didn't take long for everything to cool down and go back to normal, once it did they really started enjoying their evening.

The entertainment was great, drinks were plenty and everyone was having a great time, before Luna knew it she was wetting herself... she hadn't even given the signal to release to her bladder, at some point she just felt the familiar warm wetness spreading in her pants, realising she was in the middle of wetting herself.

Without stopping or hesitating she just let it happen... she was confident most of her friends and classmates were simply okay with it, with most probably doing the same thing by now. The warm sensation streamed down her pants and with a quick glance down she confirmed her jumpsuit was already soaked with pee... Oh well, technically it was an accident, kind of.

"Pfew, It's good to see that the lines for the toilets aren't as long as usual!" Liv returned with a smile on her face, "I only had to wait like a minute or two!"

"No shit, a lot of people are just going in their pants silly." Vicky waved away the new information.

Liv shrugged and suddenly spotted their teacher, Mr Davis and as per usual she immediately went towards him like a little puppy.

"Now that Liv mentions it... I really do need to pee by now..." Peyton said while tugging at the seems of her pants.

Luna politely pointed out, "Well Liv just said the waiting lines for the toilets aren't that long right now."

Suddenly Vicky popped up next to Peyton with a fresh drink in her hands, already looking tipsy from the cocktails that were flowing plentiful, she threw an arm around Peyton while whispering something in Peytons ear. Luna couldn't quite completely understand what she had said, except for the words "Remember yesterday...." the rest was gibberish.

"I know I know!" Peyton said out loud while starting to giggle.

Both Selena and Vicky chanted "Do it do it!"

Luna, Chloe and the others seemed to be having no idea what was going on but simply followed along.

"Do it do it!!"

But then came the surprise of the evening...

"Alright watch me then!" Peyton said while getting out of Vicky's embrace and walked to the middle of their group.

Without further ado Peyton spread her feet wide and let out a long sigh.

Everyone got taken by surprise, but right in front of everyone Peyton started to fully piss her faded jeans, even with the loud music in the background they could hear the streams of pee splattering on the wooden deck while her entire jeans was getting soaked, she didn't give any signs of stopping and continued until her bladder must've been completely empty, by now a very big wet stain that had turned into a darker shade of blue was very visible all over her jeans. Peyton stepped to the side and out of the big puddle she had just made.

"Aaaah that felt good!" Peyton announced while blatantly letting out a sigh.

Selena and Vicky fistbumped Peyton for what she had just done while leaving the rest speechless...

Ian: ....Even Peyton... did she just... bro she just...

Joey: Bro I know... she just pissed herself, just like that.

Some of their other classmates had seen her do it as well and were just as speechless, Peyton being the popular girl in their class, it was completely out of character to go on and just wet her pants like that, and clearly this wasn't an accident!

Luna now knew very well that they didn't have to worry anymore about people telling on them about wetting their pants, too many of their class were doing it at this point and this pushed out the last bit of worry away that people back at school would judge them.

Chloe and Luna walked up to Peyton while holding their glasses and cheered her on for what she had just done.

"So what did you guys just say?" Luna cautiously poked, "What was that about 'yesterday'?"

Chloe suddenly chimed in, "Oh yea, yesterday you guys went to that club together, so how was it??"

"Uhm..." Selena, Vicky and Peyton all gave each other a look while not saying anything.

After some more poking from Luna and Chloe they finally started to get somewhere, meanwhile everyone else was minding other business and enjoying the party, but Luna and Chloe weren't giving up just yet.

"We'll tell you later when we're sitting down while having some more drinks!" Peyton announced finally,

Vicky's eyes widened and reacted in surprise, "Wait really?"

"Are you sure you want to talk about 'that'?" Selena asked in shock.

For now that was enough and exactly what Luna and Chloe wanted to hear, between each other they had been trying to guess the things that happened between Selena, Vicky and Peyton.

One theory had been that Selena and Vicky had become more than just friends and were actually dating but were reluctant to admit it, but now it was clear Peyton had a part in yesterdays events as well so... what's going on exactly?

On top of that, as the party continued not much later they noticed how Vicky and Selena were debating who would get the hot guy they were eyeing... their theory about them dating seemed to be wrong.

Still curious about the whole ordeal they chose to forget for now and enjoy their time as they enjoyed their time on the deck, enjoying the festivities as there was a band playing. After that a couple of people happened to have landed in the pool again but this time Luna and Chloe steered away from the pool and hot tub, the memory still too fresh in their mind of what had happened that one time.

As the party continued and it was getting late people were getting more and more drunk, it was clear to Luna that people had stopped giving a damn, people were blatantly wetting themselves whenever and wherever.

Luna and Selena were doing a run to the bar to get drinks and they could see how a woman was blatantly leaning on the counter with spread feet while fully emptying her bladder in her shorts, letting it stream and splatter on the soaking wet floor where she was standing.

The big puddle in front of the counter was clearly not just from the girl, people had been doing it before her as well...

With still dripping shorts the girl excused herself, took her drinks and carried on.

It was Luna and Selena's turn and they didn't have any other choice than to go stand in the big puddle as there were no dry spots left on the floor...

While waiting they could see a bit of drama going around not far from them, a woman was trying to find a seat with her friends but she was making a scene:

"Why are all the seats soaking wet? Is everyone just pissing in these? That's disgusting!"

Selena dryly said, "I feel like the cushions aren't capable of dealing with these amounts of wettings at this point..."

In the other direction they could suddenly hear:

"Ah shit I'm losing it!!"

"Yea Lisa is about to lose! She's about to piss herself!"

"Noooo!"

Luna and Selena could see how a group was doing what seemed to be a holding contest for fun, apparently they had paired it with a drinking game and the girl was clearly losing first, everyone was lightheartedly laughing and having a great time while the woman clearly had given up. With spread feet she announced her loss ("Okay I give up!") and moments later pee cascaded down her legs, soaking her pants completely and making a puddle on the ground.

"Okay who's next?" A girl in the group shouted while already squirming herself,

After the group was done laughing they all took another shot and emptied it, continuing their little game they had devised while having fun.

The deck had puddles and wet spots everywhere, there was no confusion to what it was as people had completely disregarded their taboo of wetting pants. As they walked back they give up trying to dodge the many puddles and walked right through them.

People were dancing around on the dance floor and it was hard to spot a single person who wasn't wearing wet pants by now.

Finally they got back to their group and handed out the fresh drinks which were greeted with applause as everyone was thirsty once more. Moments later Chloe came and asked for a dance, which she happily agreed to and moments later they went dancing.

For a while Luna and Chloe danced their hearts out and a few songs later, perfectly timed as well, a slower song started... Luna started to dance slower followed by Chloe doing the same... this was perfect as Luna's bladder had filled up and she was just looking for the right moment... while slow dancing it was easy to relax her bladder and so she did, moments later the warm glow spread all around her crotch, down the inside of her thighs, she didn't even spread her feet and just let her bottom half of her jumpsuit get soaked followed by her shoes and socks... she was loving this night so far but oh boy was she gonna miss these moments.

The freedom she was feeling right now would probably never be matched ever again while slowly dancing next to Chloe, emptying her bladder fully, enjoying the warmth cascading down her legs. Chloe had noticed.

"Enjoying it?"

"Uhu, you have no idea how much I'm going to miss this...." Luna replied, and followed up with a mischievous look on her face "Although not nearly as much fun as what we did yesterday night!"

By now Luna her stream had subsided and she pushed a last spurt into her panties. When Chloe whispered something in Luna's ear.

"Follow me."

And so Luna did, Chloe grabbed Luna's hand and lead her through the crowd, they were going away from the crowd, in the other direction of their friends, just a bit outside of the busy areas they had a small seating area with a couple of chairs and sitting bags that... by surprise was dry.

Chloe guided Luna to sit on the lounge bag while Chloe suddenly plunged down onto Luna's lap, sitting sideways while throwing her arm around her shoulders.

Chloe moved close to Luna and whispered in her ear, "I need to go so fucking bad right now."

Luna was already feeling hot and bothered with how the party had been evolving, seeing people wet themselves as well as having wet herself just now, but suddenly all that was nothing compared to what Chloe was saying right now... she could see it in her eyes, Chloe definitely had that look in her eyes, the same like yesterday night when she had asked her for her deepest fantasy...

Luna did a quick take to be sure nobody was around that they knew, also nobody was close by that it would be too suspicious...

Electricity went through Luna's body knowing what was about to follow, she moved her hand in Chloe's lap, who willingly opened her legs a little to make way for Luna's hand... next moment they started making out...

Their tongues danced while Luna could feel a wave of warm wetness flow over her hand, followed with a warm sensation that was flowing in her lap... down her crotch and slowly warming up her butt. Feeling Chloe's pee spreading everywhere over her lap and under her butt. She had died and gone to heaven... completely lost in the moment while getting soaked in Chloe's pee while kissing her.

Even with the music in the background she could still hear the hissing, pee was pooling around Luna's butt in the lounge bag giving her a warm glowing feel, her girlfriend was fully relieving herself all over her lap and was pushing her close to orgasm even.

Luna wanted to get out of here, go to their room... no, any private area would do at this point... just when she wanted to tell Chloe she wanted to get out of here with her she heard footsteps.

"Gotcha!" Peyton shouted while following with a rhetorical question, "Hehe are the two love birds having some naughty fun over here?"

"Oh shit! You two are definitely having fun!" Vicky loudly exclaimed,

Selena added, "You peed all over each other? Holy!"

Peyton added, "Haha look, the pee is even pouring out of the bean bag!"

Fuck... they got caught....

"Hahaha look at their faces!" Selena laughed out loud,

While still giggling hard Peyton apologized, "Sorry to interrupt!"

Peyton sat down in a lounge chair, happy that it was still dry.

Vicky plunged down in another lounge bean bag just like Luna and Chloe, also happy it was still dry.

Selena was about to sit down on a lounge chair when she suddenly veered back up, "Motherfuckers! Someone pissed themselves on this one recently!!"

"Hahaha, silly!" Vicky laughed,

Peyton quickly said, "It's okay you two, we don't judge! The shit we saw people do yesterday was way more wild!"

Meanwhile Selena was looking where to sit... Chloe was still sitting on Luna's lap but there were no other free chairs in this seating area.

Everyone had definitely gotten quite tipsy by now, as Luna herself and Chloe could feel for themselves already, causing them to be pretty careless with what they had just done... On the other hand their friends were getting drunk as well by now.

"Quite daring to do that right here on the party huh, looks like it was fun though!" Vicky joked while she quickly added, "And yea after yesterday it's not up to us to judge, so we won't."

Chloe finally recovered from her shock and asked, "So are you finally gonna tell what happened yesterday?"

"Do you mind if I just sit here?" Selena suddenly asked nonchalantly,

Selena didn't wait for an answer and plunged down on Vicky's lap, sitting with her back towards Vicky she turned her head and asked Vicky just as nonchalantly,

"I really need to... do you mind if...?"

Vicky drunkenly answered, "Go for it!"

Luna and Chloe were shocked when Selena without any hesitation let out a long and deep sigh... "Aaaaaaah..."

Selena completely relaxed her bladder and with a very feint hissing sound they could all see how she blatantly starting relieving herself while sitting with spread legs on Vicky's lap.

Vicky moved her hand and caressed Selena's crotch while her pee was pouring through the denim, the entire crotch of Selena was getting shiny with pee pouring in and through her pants. They could all see how a fresh wet stain was growing all over Selena's pants while also another one was growing all over Vicky's jeans, both girls pants were getting completely soaked.

"Oh...oooooh... that's nice and warm." Vicky said with a dreamy voice, "I also need to... Might as well... aaaaaah."

Luna and Chloe watched with open mouths while Vicky and Selena without further ado started making out with each other while simultaneously peeing in their jeans, soaking Vicky and their seat.

Peyton was non stop giggling seeing what their friends were doing, which was completely out of the ordinary, or at least that's what Luna and Chloe thought.

By the time Selena and Vicky were done, pee was streaming down from the bean bag and making a puddle on the ground, it was completely overflowing from having two girls empty their full bladders at once.

"Damn, you pissed all over me!" Vicky squealed,

Selena said apologetic, "I told you I needed to go! But you said I could!"

Both girls argued jokingly with each other, it was clear they were both drunk but also not at all serious about it as they could barely stop giggling.

"Holy fuck!" Luna blurted out,

Selena blurted out in her turn, "You should've seen what Peyton did yesterday in the club!"

"Okay seriously now, what the hell happened yesterday?" Chloe asked, clearly dying from curiosity at this point.

"....."

The giggling died down and Peyton leaned in, ready to spill what had happened last night.

"Alright, pay attention as we'll only tell this story once and then never again, as if it never happened okay?!" Peyton almost whispered,

Vicky added, "It was pretty legendary... not gonna lie."

"Alright fine.... please don't judge us for what happened... but here goes..." Selena said worried,

"Alright I'll start!" Peyton announced, "Wait hold on... first I also need to..."

Peyton spread her legs while sitting on her lounge chair and not a moment later fresh pee was pouring in her jeans, making her entire crotch shiny, she blatantly relieved her bladder in her jeans where she was sitting. Luna and Chloe couldn't believe what they were seeing.

"Aaaah..." Peyton let out a sigh when she was, closed her legs and leaned forward, "Alright here is what happened on that legendary night yesterday, but don't tell anyone!"

"......"
