Sakura-san! Omorashi Adventure!

Author: Bokaroido

*000*2012-07-14 17:14

This was a story I started a few weeks back, but I never got round to uploading it.

If you've read my Black Rock Shooter Omorashi story on here, chapter 2 is in the making, but I've focused more on this and a Portal 2 omorashi idea, so I'm sorry, but you will have to wait for that a bit longer.

Anyway, please enjoy this story, as I worked very hard on it, and please leave some detailed feedback on it :D

###

Accident 1: Sakura hatsu nure!

Sakura was almost like any other girl in her school; a height of 5’3”, aged 16, hair worn in twin-tails and a cute red, black and white sailor uniform.

She belonged in the average group of girls; however, something made her stand out, but that will be revealed later in this part of the story.

It was a very hot day, and the students piled to get into the cool building.

Sakura was very desperate to get in, because she had extremely bad hay fever, and staying outside wasn’t a good idea.

“Ah! Sorry Mirai-chan!” she said as she pushed a chrome-haired girl on the floor by accident. “Are you okay?” she added, holding a hand out to help her friend up.

“I’m fine, are you?” Mirai said in her metallic voice.

Sakura sneezed, and Mirai gave her some tissue.

“No tablets again?”

“Bah! Who needs ‘em?”

The school bell rang, and the duo headed off to their registration room.

Sakura always carried one bottle of water, but she had at least three today.

“What’s with the multiple bottles of water?” Mirai questioned.

“I get very thirsty in summer.”

“Okay, fair enough.”

Sakura drank one bottle as she went upstairs, and proceeded to open another when she had reached the top.

“Shouldn’t you save them and make them last all day?”

“Meh, there are lots of refill tanks dotted around the school,” Sakura replied, and drank the second bottle.

Registration lasted about an hour, and Sakura drank the last bottle as she entered the room. About a half hour later, her bladder kicked in.

She wasn’t desperate yet, but she would probably be at her breaking point in the next lesson;

2 hours of biology with Sempai Aki.

The bell rang after another half hour, and Sakura picked up her bag and rushed down the stairs, hoping not to bump into the lanky teacher.

She was just about to enter the bathrooms when he called her name.

“Sakura-kun! Where are you going?” he shouted at the pink-haired girl.

“Where does it look like?!” Sakura shouted in reply.

Aki walked over to her, and Sakura twirled her hair around her fingers, trying to look innocent.

He looked at the room she was standing next to, then back at the girl.

“Come on! It’s time for lesson, baka-shojo!” he said firmly, and gently pushed the girl in the direction of his classroom.

Sakura swore under her breath, and walked to the classroom, where Mirai and another friend were waiting.

“At a guess he saw you?” the girl next to Mirai said.

“Yeah, stupid bastard.”

“Um, Sakura-chan…”

Sakura looked behind, and Aki was standing there, angry eyes behind his large thick-rimmed glasses.

“In the classroom, children!” he said in his British accent.

He grabbed Sakura’s shoulder before she went in.

“Sakura-kun, since I’m in a good mood, I’ll let you off with a warning; don’t screw with me.” He whispered firmly, teeth clenched. Strangely, this didn’t tone voice didn’t scare her today.

Aki stood further away from the door, and beckoned for Sakura to enter. He gave the girl a small smile, which was very unusual for him.

Something good must’ve happened to him, Sakura’s mind theorized.

Sakura walked in and sat in her usual seat, between Mirai and her other friend, who was called Neko.

Neko always kept herself covered up, always wore the same hat, scarf and long tights. She also had cat ears and a tail, which wasn’t unusual; however, she had paws to go with them.

Mirai was a strange girl; she was obsessed with science fiction, and watched the same films over and over again. She had the voice of an UTAU, which, again, was a little common in the school.

“Right class! Before we get started, I have an announcement!” Aki bellowed excitedly. “I just wanted to tell you that I am no longer single! I now have a girlfriend, and her name is Yuki!”

He turned on the projector, and a picture of a very pretty woman with blue-silver hair and arctic fox ears and tail appeared. The class applauded, even though Aki was the school’s most disliked teacher.

He was very thin, aged 20, and had a tall stature of 7’4”. He had golden-orange hair and hazel eyes which were protected by a pair of large, thick-rimmed spectacles. Aki always wore an orange scarf, a shirt with a red tie and beige trousers. He was never seen wearing anything else.

“Okay, let’s start with the lesson…”

The lesson went off as usual for Sakura; she talked to her friends, got told of by Aki, and did very little work.

However, 45 minutes into the lesson, her bladder called for her attention.

“Um, sempai…Could I use the bathroom?” she said, raising her hand.

“Sakura-kun! Let’s see if I have any hall passes first…” Aki replied, rummaging through his desk drawers. “…sorry, Sakura-kun. It appears that someone has taken my hall passes…so I can’t let you go.”

“I-I’ll be fine, I should make it another hour…” Sakura said disappointedly.

“Again, I’m sorry.”

She wouldn’t make that other hour, because 20 minutes later, Sakura sneezed.

And some pee squirted out.

“Ah! Umm…s-sempai?” Sakura’s hand dashed between her legs, which she crossed to prevent it happening again.

“Sakura-kun, I can’t let you go.”

“N-no, I’m struggling wi-with this question…” Sakura pointed to some writing on her paper.

“Oh, r-right.”

The lanky teacher walked over to her, and kneeled down beside her so that he could see the paper.

“Being tall isn’t what everyone makes it out to be,” he said, laughing a little.

Sakura giggled. Some more pee shot out.

She clamped her legs even tighter together, and closed her eyes as they filled with tears.

“S-Sakura-kun? I’ll go down to the staff room and get you a hall pass, if you want?”

Sakura shook her head, and she felt herself pee a little more. Slowly, she was losing control.

She pulled her hand out from under the table, and its palm was covered in the golden liquid.

Aki looked at her hand, pulled a shocked face, and put a hand on her shoulder.

“I’ll go get you a hall pass.” He said quietly.

He got out a piece of paper from his pocket, and wrote down something, then handed the paper to Sakura.

The classroom was full of whispers, and many students were staring at Sakura.

Aki went back to his desk, pretended to rummage through his drawers, and inspected a notebook.

“Class…I’m just going to return this to its rightful owner, Mrs…Kiseki. Don’t move an inch.” He said, and walked out of the room.

Sakura’s body was shaking as she tried hard not to urinate, but the urge to relax was overwhelming.

She uncrossed her legs, but kept them close together. Sakura read what was on the piece of paper. It was the answers to all the questions on her sheet.

She wrote them down, and this took another 20 minutes to do. Aki still hadn’t returned.

Sakura sneezed, and her legs jumped open, to allow the urine to shoot out of her underwear.

“No…no no no!” she said quietly to herself.

A lot of students started to laugh, and Sakura began to cry as she let out another sneeze which allowed her urine to escape once more.

This time though, there was more of it, and after that had spurted out, the rest poured out like a slow waterfall.

Sakura didn’t feel like she needed to conceal it anymore, so she widened her legs.

Now it was clear that she was wetting herself.

However, she kept her face covered, and cried her eyes out.

Aki re-entered the class room, holding some hall passes, and walked over to Sakura.

“Sakura-kun, I found my hall passes, so you…” he stopped talking as he stood in front of the girl, because he noticed that she didn’t need the toilet anymore.

Sakura stopped peeing as she looked up at the teacher, but she started again as her crying became stronger. Her urine gushed out even faster, and it simply went straight through her panties, and onto the teacher’s brown shoes. The floor was covered in a large, still emerging puddle, and students were backing away from the wet girl.

“…Get out!” Aki bellowed at the other students, and watched them flee from the room.

Sakura stopped urinating again, stood up, and tried to walk to the door.

“Sakura-kun! I didn’t mean for you to get out!”

She only made it one step, and Aki got in front of the girl to prevent her from falling onto the wet floor.

“I’m sorry…” Sakura said weakly as she fell on the teacher, and started to pee again. Her head was resting on his stomach, and her abdomen on his legs. “I’m so…so sorry…”

The urine ran down both their legs, and Aki’s shirt was wet from her tears.

He felt uncomfortable in this situation; however, the girl was in deep need of resting her head on somebody’s shoulder. He knew that somebody could only be him.

The gangly teacher stood and looked down at the weeping girl; her hands were clung tightly to his shirt. Her skirt was raised up at the front slightly, so her panties directly touched his legs.

“This wouldn’t have bloody happened if I’d have let you go before lesson. Please, forgive me.” He said in a slightly angry voice.

“But I wouldn’t have had to go if I hadn’t drunk those three bottles of water.” Sakura replied, wiping her eyes. She kept on peeing, but it was slowly starting to subside.

The classroom door opened, and two female teachers looked in.

“Dear god! What on earth has happened here?!” one of them boomed.

“Ah, Sakura-san had a…bit of an accident…” Aki said awkwardly.

“And a big one by the looks of it too…” the other teacher said.

“Mrs Kiseki, Mrs Hato, I-I’m so sorry that this has happened to the classroom. I-it was my fault because I didn’t let her go before lesson.” The gangly teacher’s face was bright red, and he had turned around so that the women could see him properly. “Sh-she almost fell over, but I caught her time. That’s why I’m covered in it as well.”

“I should clean up, sempai.” Sakura piped up, seeing the teacher’s embarrassment.

“No, you should go home.”

“We can make an excuse, a tube burst, and we can send the other students home.” Hato said, moving her pure white hair out of her eyes.

“And anyway, we shouldn’t punish her; she wouldn’t do that on purpose.”

“Bu-but I should clean up! I shouldn’t have drunk those bottles of water before the lesson! It’s my fault that I peed myself in Aki-sempai’s lesson!” Sakura protested, and she started crying again.

“Sakura-san…calm down. Maybe we should both clean up. It was a joint fault-thingy.” Aki suggested, putting a hand on her shoulder again.

Sakura stopped crying, and leaned against the teacher slightly. Her peeing had stopped, and she had started shivering.

“Okay…” she said quietly, lips quivering.

“Kiseki-san, go and make an announcement about the ‘leaking pipe’, I’ll come running out to convince everybody.”

“Okay, stay here, Aki-san, Sakura-kun.”

Kiseki walked out of the room, and her footsteps could be heard as she walked down the corridor.

Sakura, Aki and Hato stood and waited for her “announcement”.

###

I have to say that this is one of my fictional works that I can read without cringing. It's just Aki's diologue sounds so...cheezy.

But anyway, I asked my friend Chuusei if I could use two of her old characters, Mirai and Neko, for this story. She agreed, and wrote me this neat little review:

The title of this chapter literally translates to "Sakura's first accident!". I see you took on the chapters setting like Fight Ippatsu! Juuden-chan!!, a nice touch.

I liked how you portrayed the characters, especially Aki-sempai. Despite appearing intimidating with his height and loud voice, you make him become sensitive when Sakura is in distress. That was an interesting part of the story, and the ammount of detail you put into Sakura wetting herself is brilliant.

I'm glad you asked to use Mirai and Neko, they fit into the story quite well. Hope to see more of the three girls, and the cute, lanky teacher ~<3

###

Chapter 2 is about half done, and I'll get Chuusei to let me upload her wonderful fanart.

*002*2012-07-14 20:17

{{:

Ooooo! Rather nice! I look forward to seeing more soon! <3

Perhaps with diapers? <3

}}

Thank you for the feedback, it is very apprieciated! :D

I plan on introducing some other characters later, so diapers may come up. Thanks for the suggestion!

*003*2012-07-19 17:35

Wee! New chapter I finished last night!

This one contains male wetting, so be warned if you don't like this stuff.

Enjoy~

###

Accident 2: Senpai no mondai

A loud, high pitched noise filled the school building, then Kiseki’s broad voice came along.

“Attention students and teachers; there has been a burst pipe in room 106 and we advocate for you all to leave the building. Thank you.”

The students outside Aki’s room began to chortle. It wasn’t a burst pipe, it was a burst bladder!

Hato walked out of the room, holding her megaphone up to her face.

“You heard the lady, evacuate the building!” she shouted as students piled out of the school.

A short man with a grey moustache approached her, holding two mops and buckets in his hands.

“I’ll give that to them in a minute.” Hato said to him, looking through the classroom door’s window.

Sakura stood next to the table, a sheepish look on her face and her finger nails being bitten. Aki was at his desk, using the phone.

“Hello, is that Sakura’s parent or guardian? Good, well, um…sh-she had a little bit of an accident in my lesson, and she needs, um, a…a change of clothes. What? Yes, spilt some chemicals, you know how clumsy she-she is.” He said nervously, his face flushing pink as he gave details. “…okay. You got me there, not a chemical spill, more of a-a…you know… a spill spill.”

Sakura noticed that Aki was very fidgety, and he was constantly adjusting the glasses on his face.

“Okay, just drop them off, I’ll get another teacher to pick them up.” He sighed, putting the phone down.

Tears welled up in Sakura’s eyes as she started to cry again. Aki had obviously noticed this, and walked stiffly over to the girl.

“Hey, now. Don’t start crying again. We’ve already got enough to clean up.” The lanky teacher soothed, kneeling down in front of the girl and pushing her hair away from her face.

“…I should’ve made that phone call. I feel bad for you having to do that and explain the situation to my brother. I’m sorry.”

“Well, look, it didn’t kill me, so I must be getting stronger.” Aki tittered, once again adjusting his glasses.

Sakura laughed too, but looked at the teacher questioningly.

“Sempai…do you need to…go?” she asked awkwardly as he stood up again.

“Well, I can’t leave the building until we’ve cleaned up,” Aki replied, holding his legs close together and hunched over slightly.

“No, I mean, go go.”

“Oh! Ah, um…honestly, yes. I do need to go. But I should be able to hold it…” Although, the way Aki said that made it seem unlikely.

“Hey! You must be pretty cold in those wet clothes, would you like anything to drink? Hot chocolate, coffee…tea?”

“C-could I have some hot chocolate please, sempai?”

“Of course, I’ll go and get some for you.” Aki replied, smiling down at the girl. “My coat is on the back of my chair if you want to wear it.” He added, before walking out of the door.

“Aki-san! I’ve got the mops for you and the student.” Hato exclaimed as the gangly teacher emerged from the doorway.

“Hato-san! You nearly scared the pee out of me!” Aki shouted back angrily.

“…s-sorry, Aki-san.”

“I-it’s fine. Just put the mops in the classroom. I’ll be in there in a minute.” Aki replied, promptly walking off.

“Thank you, Hato-sensei.” Sakura said as the young woman handed her a mop.

“Where was Aki going, anyway?”

“I’m pretty cold, so he went to go and get me some hot chocolate…and probably went to go and take care of some business of his own as well.”

“I feel sorry for you, shojo. You wet yourself in class at the age of sixteen, and none of your friends attempted to comfort you, only the school’s most disliked teacher. You must feel very…lonely, ne?”

“Aki-sempai is very nice, he seems to understand how I feel. Maybe he has had the same experience as me…?”

“It’s why he’s so moody most of the time. He’s afraid that it’ll happen in front of a class, and one of the other teachers makes him feel very uncomfortable.”

Sakura knew who she was talking about. Rubii was the school’s sexiest teacher, forever flirting with the men, especially Aki.

“Are you suggesting that he’s…incontinent?”

“Frankly, yes. He was even worse when he first started working here, because of nerves and all that. Rubii-kun still teases him about it, leading to the occasional accident. Hell, she goes to the men’s room, waits for him, and then manipulates him.”

“…so Rubii-sempai wants him to pee himself?”

“From the way she acts when he does, yes is the answer to that question.” Hato hesitated, pulling a strange face as she thought of something.

“I’ve actually caught her wetting herself before, the weirdest look of content on her face while she does it. I think it arouses her.”

“That’s really gross! I hope she doesn’t get all worked up if she sees me like this,” Sakura said disgustedly, her face scrunched up at the horrid thought.

“I just hope he doesn’t run into her now, he looked as if he needed to go…”

Aki tapped his fingers on the desk as he waited for the hot drink to be made.

“Berra-kun, c-could you please hurry up? I have to get somewhere urgently, and you loitering with that drink isn’t helping.”

“Aki, the only thing urgent in your mind is that small bladder of yours.”

Aki blushed, and he looked down at his long legs, which were crossed tightly.

“I, um…need to get back to my student. That’s who the drink is for. S-so, if you wouldn’t mind…”

“Oh yes, the ‘burst pipe’. Looks as though it’s yours, eh?” Berra replied, handing him the drink and pointing to his still wet trousers.

“That belongs to her.” He said, scowling at the chubby woman as he got up to leave.

Kiseki noticed the lanky teacher walking stiffly back to his classroom, before he leaned against the wall to try and control his bladder. He crossed his legs, and put his free hand between them.

“Aki-san, are you okay?” She questioned, walking over to him.

“I-I hope so…” he replied weakly, before proceeding to his destination.

“I can take that to Sakura, while you go to the men’s room.” Kiseki tried to get the mug off him, but the teacher refused, holding up higher so that Kiseki couldn’t reach it.

“I’m a grown man, I can hold it.”

“Aki, you have a health problem, you can’t-“

“Watch me.”

With that, Aki stormed off back to the classroom.

Sakura was wearing the dark grey jumper and black trousers that her brother had dropped off for her, yet had Aki’s coat on, as it made her feel comforted. She was mopping up the wretched golden puddle, and was wondering where her teacher was.

One of the coat pockets started to vibrate, and Sakura pulled out the dated mobile phone and checked the caller’s name:

Kitsune Yuki.

She decided that it would be best if she answered the phone.

“Hello, Aki-chan? Are you okay?” the sweet voice on the other end questioned.

“H-hello, Miss Yuki-kun…?”

“Who is this? Please don’t tell me this is Rubii.”

“My name is Sakura, I’m one of Aki’s students. He left me in charge of his room while he went to get me a drink.”

“Okay…is he alright?”

“I…I’m not sure, he was kinda twitchy when he left the room, so I think that he…”

“Oh, right. Do you think that I should drop off some clothes? Y’know, in case…”

Sakura paused. What was she doing, talking to Aki’s girlfriend about his problem?

She decided to reply.

“Um, y-yeah. That’d be a good idea; he already needs some new clothes because of me…”

“You didn’t-!”

“No, I had an accident, tripped up and fell on him. I’m sorry, Miss Yuki-kun!”

“It’s okay, young lady, we’ve all had an accident once in a while. Some people more often than others.”

“Thanks…”

“Okay, I’ll be down there in a bit…I guess I’ll meet you soon.”

“Bye.”

The phone call ended, and Aki walked into the classroom, setting the mug down and leaning over his desk.

“Sempai! Are you okay?!” Sakura asked, running to the teacher.

He looked down at the pink haired girl, and smiled at her.

“Drink your drink; I’ll clean up a little bit more.”

“But, sempai, don’t you-“

“I’m a grown man. I can hold it.”

He walked over to the puddle, which was smaller than before, and started to mop up what was left. After about five minutes though, he leaned on the small table, once again crossing his legs and putting his hand between them. Sakura walked over to him, and rested a hand on his shoulder.

“Sempai, Hato-sensei told me about your problem. Please, just go.”

The teacher simply shook his head, but he knew it wouldn’t be long until he lost control. Sakura looked directly at his face, and noticed that he was crying.

“She’ll be there…”

“Please sempai, a-at least sit down for me,” Sakura said, pulling the chair out from another table for the lanky teacher.

He sat down on the chair, and Sakura stood in front of him, grabbing one the loose ends of his scarf and wiping away his tears with it.

“Why do you always wear this scarf, sempai?” she asked, curious about its origins.

“It was a gift from my mother, the day before she died.”

“Oh, I’m very sorry to hear that; at a guess it was a few years ago?”

“I was four when she passed away, the day after my birthday.”

Sakura was shocked, she hadn’t known this about her teacher, and it made her feel very sympathetic for him.

She started crying herself, “I…I’m so sorry, sempai.”

“It’s not your fault, and I’m sure you live with a loving family.” Aki said warmly, grabbing the other loose end of his scarf and wiping away Sakura’s tears.

“My parents are always away on business, they only see me and my two brothers at Christmas time.”

She gave a small laugh, “One of my brother’s is twenty-four, so that means he’s older than you.”

“Aw, at least you have someone caring for you.” Aki replied, “How old is your other brother?”

“He’s five in about a week. He’s home schooled because of having agoraphobia and social anxiety. He only talks to me and my brother.”

“I hope he gets better.”

“Me too,” she replied, looking at the teacher’s large hand, “Your hand is so big, sempai.”

They had a small laugh, and Aki shifted in his chair, crossing his legs and tensing up.

“Sempai, you need to go.”

“N-no, I won’t risk it.”

“Th-then…” Sakura blushed at what she was about to say. “I-I’ll turn around, so I won’t see it.”

Aki looked at the girl with a raised eyebrow, who had turned around. Surely she wasn’t suggesting…?

“You’re incontinent, sempai. You can’t help it if you wet yourself, and I should’ve known about what would happen when I drank all that water, but…I’m just a baka-shojo.”

“I’m twenty years old, I can-“

Suddenly, Aki bent over, pushing his hands into his crotch and moaning slightly.

“-h-hold it.” He uttered, before a small hissing sound started and stopped.

He moved his hands, to reveal a wet spot the size of a tennis ball on his crotch.

“Ah! S-sempai!! Are you o-okay?” Sakura asked, turning around, but keeping her eyes closed.

“I w-will be once I-“

He stood up and tried to walk, but another wave of desperation hit him, making him urinate even more. His hands shot between his legs, and he collapsed to the floor.

“I-I n-need to…” his voice was shaky, and he was taking very deep breaths between every sob. “I can’t…I won’t…”

A large puddle emerged around him. His trousers had long dark streaks on the inside of his legs, and he was still pushing his hands into his drenched crotch.

“Sempai, w-wear your coat.” Sakura said, walking towards him and setting the large coat on his shoulders. “And take off that scarf so that it doesn’t get wet.”

Aki slipped his arms into the coat, and zipped it up to the top, so that the collar covered his bright red face up to his nose. He refused to take off his scarf, even though the loose ends which touched the floor were getting soaked.

“T-take off your glasses, sempai.”

Sakura removed the large glasses from his face. The lenses were smudged and wet with the teacher’s salty tears. She didn’t have to bend down; Aki was about her height when he was kneeling on the floor.

“Sempai…you can’t hold it…please just let it go. You’ll feel better.”

The bony teacher relaxed, and the urine came out at a steady pace. His crying had intensified, and his hands covered his face.

“S-Sakura, y-you’re not lo-looking, are you?”

“No!” she replied, turning around again.

“I…I’m sorry…”

“It’s fine; it’s not your fault that you can’t control your bladder properly…”

Sakura looked back at her prominent, tall and almost unbreakable teacher. But the way he looked now, he seemed insignificant, tiny, and…

Hurt.

He looked hurt.

She had hurt him.

“What the hell am I saying?! All of this wouldn’t have happened if I hadn’t consumed all that water! It’s all my fault…”

Sakura started to cry once again, but stopped when she felt a pair of arms embrace her from behind.

She could still feel his sobs. They shook her body, and made her shiver.

“I’m sorry, sempai.” She whispered.

Her lanky teacher walked towards the door, bumping into a few desks on the way. The door opened, and Yuki appeared in front of the thin man.

“Aki-chan, are you okay?” the silver-haired girl asked quietly.

“Yuki-chan, just-“

“Aki, I know what-“

“Just leave me alone!” Aki snapped, taking the clothes out of her hands and pushing her out of the way.

“A-Aki-chan!”

The pretty girl sighed, before pursuing her boyfriend down the hallway.

Sakura suddenly thought about what Hato had said to her:

“You must feel very…lonely, ne?”

She was right.

Sakura did feel lonely.

But she knew someone was lonelier.

A tear fell down her cheek.

“I’m sorry, sempai.” She echoed.

###

Last bit makes me feel proud. I love that type of thing in stories.

Chuusei hasn't sent me her review yet, she said that she'll combine it with her chapter 3 review (once I finish chapter 3...)

