Maddy and Haley - An original fiction

Author: facade

*000*2014-06-18 03:45

I decided to reupload this thread and restart this series, since the old one was... too old. I plan on continuing this series indefinitely. Please let me know what you think of them, feedback is important to me and I like to know people's opinions.

Chapter 1: A Nightmare come True

A loud clap of thunder awakened me from my slumber and I immediately sat up in my bed as a soft gasp exhaled from my mouth. A raging storm of thunder and lightning permeated the night sky and my bedroom with its anger along with a heavy shower of rain and hail pouring from the storm clouds at a steady pace, hitting the ground with a sound as loud as a rock slide. Almost instantly, I realized another reason to be awake; I really needed to pee, quite badly and I pulled my bladder muscles together. Why didn’t I pee before I went to sleep? I kicked myself for this as I glanced at the clock on my bedside table. The time was 3:52 AM, way too early for me to be awake but I was bursting to pee and since I was frightened by heavy storms, I was reluctant to leave the sanctity of my bed.

I clutched my pillow tightly and whimpered as I looked around my bedroom, where shadows of my furnishings flashed on my light colored walls. A strong urge hit my bladder, causing me to grab myself in the crotch of my cream colored pajama pants and squirm in place. I desperately wanted to get up to go to the bathroom but my fear made it hard for me to leave my bed and I could only rock myself to subside the feeling, which was getting stronger by the minute. Come on, Maddy! Just get up and go! But I’m so afraid… I fought with myself. I had no choice, the fury of the storm outside didn’t show signs of stopping any time soon and I was about to pee on the bed.

Both of my hands grabbing my girlhood now, I slowly scooted off of the bed, placed my bare feet onto the cold hardwood floor, and stood up. Okay, I’m just going to go really fast and… Oh my god! I gasped loudly when a loud crack of thunder almost made me fall back onto the bed and I accidentally let a spurt of pee escape into my panties. No! I’m going to make it, just a little ways further. I quickly but barely gained back control and started hobbling towards my bedroom door, trying to walk as fast as I could while holding myself as tightly I could. I was hunched over and could barely even lift my feet off of the ground to move at a decent pace and every step I took I felt like I was going to lose control of my bladder.

My heart raced and my body shock from the uneasy feeling I’ve always gotten during a heavy storm such as this one. I’ve always felt like the house would be struck by lightning and catch fire, or the wind would blow the house away, or worse. I made it to my bedroom door and pulled a hand out from my legs to turn the knob quickly so I could jam it back between them. I fumbled with the knob, trying to open the door but it wouldn’t budge an inch no matter which way I turned the knob. Ooh, why won’t it open, I have to pee so badly! I bit my bottom lip and wedged my hand back into my crotch as another spasm hit my bladder and another burst of pee jetted out into my clutched hands, dampening the fabric of my pajamas. Noo! I can’t wet myself! I have to keep trying… I crossed my leg over the other and pulled my hand out that was damp with urine and shaking with fear.

I again tried opening the door and pulling as hard as my weak, shaking body would allow with one hand only to be denied from exiting once again. Another spurt leaked out and formed with the wet spot already on my pajamas. Noooo! Don’t pee! I shoved my hand back into my crotch and bounced in place, wondering why the door wouldn’t open and desperately trying to not have an accident. I scanned over the wall where the door should have been as the lightening lit up the area; it appeared that the door was gone, but the knob was still there. What… where’s the door…?My confusion was soon interrupted when I felt an incredibly stronger-than-before twinge in my abdomen and I dropped to my knees to try and suppress the flood which was seemingly unavoidable now. I sat on my legs and firmly grasped my crotch, pressing my fingers inside of my girlhood to bear down on my pee-hole.

I shut my eyes tightly as the pressure from my pee forcefully pushing its way out became too much and started coming out in long gushing blasts, soaking my pants. I… can’t… hold it…! Tears welled in my eyes as I had no choice but to wait for the inevitable caused by my silly fear of storms. Then it happened. Warm urine gushed out like an erupting geyser and poured over my hands, completely drenching my clothes and pooling under me. I could almost hear the hissing sound from the saturation of the fabric over the storm. Desperately, I tried to pull back on my bladder, but the force of the stream was too much and there was nothing I could do to keep from fully wetting myself right there, just right around the corner from my bathroom. I… can’t believe that I’m peeing myself… I cried as I sat there completely mortified and frozen in place for what seemed like hours wishing I could wake up from this nightmare.

At that very moment, I seemed to have had my wish granted as I was no longer balled up on the floor in front of my door nor could I hear the rolling thunder outside. The only thing I heard were a couple of birds chatting with each other outside as I slowly opened my eyes to a brightly lit room filled only with the rays of the morning sun coming from the window. I was back in my bed, safe and sound.

“Just another nightmare…” I said with a relieving sigh as I sat up in bed and stretched my arms out with a high-pitched yawn. I was still rattled from the seemingly real mind-state, but I often had nightmares with storms. Shortly after I put my arms back down, I felt damp under where I was sitting and pulled the coverings up. I knew what had happened before I saw the bed and my crotch soaked with pee and my heart began pounding, nearly bursting out of my chest. I covered my mouth as I gasped; I hadn’t wet the bed since I was a little girl. Without hesitation or thinking, I jumped out of bed and yanked my wet pajamas off of my sticky, glistening legs and tossed them in my dirty clothes bin then made a mad dash to the bathroom for a quick shower.

As I turned on the shower and began taking off my top, the sound of the running water almost instantly brought my need to pee back. I plopped down on the toilet right behind me and let my bladder muscles contract, giving way to the straggling urine that I somehow managed to keep inside of me. The urine trickled out of me slowly at first before speeding up to a steady stream and mixed with the clear water below, making it a light shade of yellow. Still mortified, I began wondering how I was going to clean the pee stain off of my bed before my parents see it. Thankfully they were still asleep as far as I know. 30 seconds later, the pee slowed down to a slight tinkle before finally stopping. I flushed the toilet and hopped in the shower.

I already had a proper shower last night before bed so I concentrated on washing my girlhood and the area around it, eliminating the icky sticky feeling that I hadn’t felt in many years when I last wet the bed. My mind instantly took me back to that horrible moment of my life. I was about 10 years old or so and I had a lot of soda before bed that night while I was watching a movie with my best friend, Haley. I was so tired after her mom picked her up that I forgot to use the toilet and went straight to bed. I was awakened by my mother shaking me and telling me to wake up and that I had wet my bed. I was so embarrassed that I cried and locked myself in the bathroom before my dad unlocked it and we all had a long discussion about how I needed to use the toilet before bed each night. As the years went by, I was able to wake up when I needed to urinate in the middle of the night… but not this time.

I quickly shook off this thought, hoping that it was just a one time occurrence and nothing similar would ever happen again. I turned off the water and dried and wrapped myself with a towel then headed back to my room to put on clean clothes. My closet door was already opened; I let the towel fall off of my squeaky clean body as I looked at myself in the mirror hanging on in the inside of the door and began brushing my brown shoulder length hair that flowed over my petite, pale skinned frame. The weather was mildly warm outside so I put on a light colored pair of loose fitting jeans over a fresh pair of undies and slipped on a red baby-doll t-shirt after shamefully looking over my pathetic a-cups.

Glancing at the clock on my bedside table, I noticed that I had 30 minutes to rid my bed of the incriminating pee stain that stretched over a good three quarters of the width of my light blue sheet. I yanked it off and threw in the basket with my wet pajamas before walking out of my bedroom to fetch some cleaning supplies from downstairs. I was so relieved to see that my parents were still in bed as usual and I grabbed a bottle of fabric cleaner and a cleaning pad. I traipsed back to my room and started using the supplies on the bare wet mattress until it was free of the urine stain.

After I finished, I let out a big sigh of relief and gathered the cleaning supplies along with my dirty linens and clothes, then quietly walked down stairs again to toss them in the washer. As I was putting the fabric cleaner up, I heard someone walking my direction. Panicking, I quickly put the bottle in the upper cabinet and accidentally knocked over various items as an avalanche of cleaning utensils dumped over me and onto the floor below. I started picking them up when my mom showed up at the laundry room door. My heart began racing and I become nervous that she would see my wet sheets and pajamas.

“Madison? What are you doing, are you okay?” She asked, concerned.

“Nothing! J-Just doing some laundry before school.”

I continued to pick up the items, dropping a couple from my shaking arms and laid them on the shelf in an unorganized fashion. I disregarded the fallen bottles and quickly put my wet sheets in the washer before I noticed the smell of urine permeating the small room.

“Why does it smell like urine in here? And didn’t we wash all of the sheets on Tuesday?” She looked down at the pajamas and picked them up before I could stop her. I flushed bright red on my cheeks as I couldn’t do anything but wait for her next response.

“It’s nothing… I didn’t…” There was nothing I could say to save me now, she had noticed the wet stains on my pajamas.

“Nothing? These smell of pee. Did you wet the bed, Madison? I thought you were over that.” She looked at my bright red cheeks and my body shook from horror. It was bad enough when I wet the bed at 10 but even worse at 16. I wished that the washer would have turned into a monster and ate me up right then. I looked down in shame.

“I… don’t know… yeah.” My voice shook as I spoke and every second that passed felt even worse than the last. I held back my tears and said nothing more as she scanned over my peed clothes.

“Get your shoes on and go to school before you’re late. I’ll take care of this. If this keeps up, you’re going to the doctor. You shouldn’t be wetting the bed at such an age.” She said as she intently looked over each wet article and scoffed at them before dropping them in the washer.

I slowly headed towards the front door as I walked away from one of the most embarrassing moments of my life and hoped this will all be forgotten soon. I slipped on my brown leather sandals and grabbed my school bag then headed out the door to the bus stop. The horrible moment that just passed kept playing over and over in my head as I waited for the school bus no matter how much I tried to forget about it. At least I’ll get to see my best friend Haley as soon as I get on the bus. I really needed her right then. I folded my arms across my chest and soon, the bus arrived and I walked up the dirty steps behind the folding doors, ignored the old-aged bus driver when he creepily smiled at me like always, and found Haley, smiling at me in a much more pleasant way as I sat down next her. I gave her a half smile and sat my bag in my lap as the bus drove off. It was only a matter of moments before Haley took notice that something was the matter as I expected her to.

“What’s wrong, Maddy? You don’t look like your normal, cheery self today…” She looked at me with a concern that already begun to calm me down. I knew I could tell her anything, but I didn’t want anyone on the bus to over hear.

“Err…” I looked around us and realized we were far enough out of earshot from the few other people on the bus. The closest person was a boy with headphones on a few seats back.

“I uh… wet the bed last night…” I whispered to her.

“Oh… is that all? Don’t worry Maddy, it happens.” She put her hand on my shoulder and I immediately felt so much better. I smiled a bit more as I looked at her. She had longer hair than me, auburn color, that flowed over her body that was a little wider compared to my small frame. More notably her chest, which was a couple of sizes bigger than mine, which I was always jealous of. She was wearing a pair of khaki colored carpenter pants and a green shirt.

“I haven’t since I was 10... I was so embarrassed. Especially because my mom found out and made it into a huge deal and told me if it continued that she would take me to the doctor.” I explained to her comfortably.

“Moms can be over reactive like that. Don’t worry, accidents happen. Even to Haley.” She warmly smiled at me, making me feel even more better.

“Really? When did you last… you know…” I trailed off from my question and wondered if she caught my drift.

“What? Had an accident?”

I nodded.

“Um… I can’t remember, about 13 or 14. Happened in Ms. Swanson’s class, you remember how strict she was on bathroom breaks. I was running late from lunch period and didn’t have time to go to the toilet before her class… and yeah.” She seemed okay with telling me this. I could tell she wanted me to feel better, and I did.

“I hope I never have one in public… that sounds super embarrassing.” I said to her and looked outside the window. We proceeded to talk about stupid girl stuff that wasn’t important until the bus finally arrived at our high school and we all got off. Me and Haley went to our separate classes.

“See you after school, Maddy!” She waved to me and I smiled and waved back.

First period was English, which was a bore as usual but I got through it and Math was second. I liked Math, it always interested me for some reason. Then my favorite period of the day came, Lunch. Unfortunately, I didn’t share any lunches or classes with Haley except Marching Band every other day, which is how we met. She played flute and I played the French horn. I sat down with my poorly prepared chicken patty, tater tots which were surprisingly good and my large bottle of purified spring water from home. I took my time finishing my meal and drank most of my water. I looked at the clock; I still had 45 minutes left of lunch and I was a bit tired so I decided to rest for a little while, make a quick bathroom trip and then head to class. I laid down on my arms and soon, my eyes shut and I drifted off into a light sleep.

“Young lady? Wake up.” I faintly heard as my eyesight slowly returned to normal and a figure of a woman was standing next to me.

“Huh?” I looked up at the janitor who was sweeping the floors of the empty cafeteria.

“You better get to class, you’re late. Lunch has been over for 15 minutes.” She said in a concerned voice.

“Oh crap!” I exclaimed as I jumped up from my seat, grabbed my bag and darted out of the room heading towards my 3rd period History class.

As I walked quickly to my class, I felt my bladder give several strong signals that I needed to pee. If only I didn’t fall asleep, I would have had time to use the bathroom then, but I was already late for class. It wasn’t that urgent yet but I could only hope it would stay that way until after class. I knew Mr. Venezuela wouldn't let me leave, especially since I was now late but I figured that it wouldn’t hurt to ask. I walked through the door and all of the students including Mr. Venezuela looked at me. I suddenly didn’t feel brave enough to ask him to let me go so I just sat down as he watched me, waiting to hear my excuse.

“Uhm… sorry. I fell asleep at lunch.” I sheepishly said to him, not paying attention to the rest of the class as I pulled out my history text book. He shook his head at me and continued with the lesson and I turned to the page I was supposed to be on. Minutes later, my urge to urinate returned stronger than before and I shifted in my seat to subside the feeling. I had to do this every time my need came back and it became stronger and more difficult to hold each time until I was forced to put a hand in between my legs in order to keep all of my pee inside my bladder. My face turned a shade a red as some of the others took notice to my predicament but I tried not to pay attention to them and focus on the lesson as well as preventing an embarrassing accident. Desperately, I crossed my legs, pressed my hands into my crotch and leaned forward a bit, suppressing the urge a little.

More time passed, and I was no longer able to concentrate on the lesson at all but only on my bursting and aching bladder. I was in almost in tears when Mr. Venezuela finally ended the lesson.

“Alright that’s it for today, class. Please write down your homework assignment for tonight.” He said. I was so ready to get of class that I didn’t think about the consequences of my next action. I pulled my right hand out of my tightly crossed legs and started to write down our instructions. Instantly a spurt of warm pee gushed out of my and dampened my pants. I groaned, apparently loud enough for everyone to hear including the teacher. Everyone turned to look my way and Mr. Venezuela looked at me with concern. I shoved my hand back where it was.

“Is something the matter, Ms. Jennings?” He asked as my cheeks burned red and I was filled with embarrassment. I held back my tears and blurted out my need in desperation.

“I’m about to have to have an accident, can I go to the bathroom please?!” I began crying as another spurt of pee escaped my clutches.

“Can’t you wait 10 more minutes, class is almost over. You should have asked earlier.” He sternly asked. I knew I couldn’t hold on that long without wetting myself fully. I was already leaking constantly into my panties at this point.

“No… I really can’t. It’s coming out!” I exclaimed in a broken and shaking voice as tears dripped down my flushed cheeks. A few students murmured to themselves. I overheard one of them saying ‘She’s going to pee herself.’

“Go then. Next time, make sure you have enough time before class to take care of this.”

Without thinking and disregarding everyone else, I immediately stood up and headed towards the door. As I fumbled with the door handle, more long spurts of urine came out and began forming a large wet spot between my legs and I jammed my hand back in between them.

“No! I can’t hold it anymore!” I said loudly and without any regard to whoever heard it as I dropped to my knees. The flood gates opened and all of my pent up pee poured out of me like a garden hose on full blast, completely drenching my pants and pooling under me. I sat in my pee puddle, frozen in place and in tears as I covered my face with my pee soaked hands. My nightmare came true. I could hear Mr. Venezuela trying to talk to me but I couldn’t make out what he was saying. I was lost in my mind, playing back everything that just happened and wishing that the floor would just suck me in.

The bell rang a minute later and I was brought out of my thoughts. I stood up quickly, almost slipping in my puddle, grabbed my bag and textbook, and darted out the door. I ran down the hallway and out the side doors, ignoring all of the looks I was probably getting from others and leaned against the light colored brick wall outside, dropping everything in my hands. I bawled my eyes out as I covered myself with my sweater that I pulled out from my bag. Soon after, I heard someone open the very same doors that I came out of and I almost ran away, until I saw who it was.

“Maddy?” Haley said.

I didn’t say a word but instead threw myself at her and clung to her tightly, crying my eyes out on her shoulder.

“It’s okay Maddy… I saw you running down the hallway.” She softly said as she patted my back and hugged me. My crying subsided as she comforted me.

“Come on, I’ll walk you back to my house. You can get cleaned up and changed there.” I sighed with relief and nodded as I let go of her. I put my book back in my bag and threw it over my shoulder and we walked to her house. I told her everything that happened along the way. I was thankful that Haley was my best friend, she really comforted me that day.

%maddy1.txt

$$

$$

$$

$$

*002*2014-06-18 04:37

Chapter 2: A Night to Remember

I had tied my sweater around my waist, which managed to cover most of my wet jeans, but part of my right pant leg was still exposed in the back. The inside of my sandals were still a little damp, and I could feel my feet sliding across the soaked leather from each step that I took, though they were drying quickly.

Haley kept her arm around me, knowing that I was still upset and needed her comfort. As we made the journey to her house, we talked about what happened, my shaky voice betraying just how rattled I was now. The chafing from my damp clothes on… various parts of my lower body, reminded me of everything that had happened that day. Not to mention that it was very uncomfortable.

“I just… can’t believe it happened twice… in ONE day…” I exclaimed, still embarrassed about my horrible day. “Haley…” I looked over to her. She was by my right side, her khaki pants brushing against my leg. “What’s wrong with me?” I asked.

She looked into my dried up, saddened eyes with concern. I didn’t expect a real answer, I didn’t know what I wanted to hear. All I knew was that I was confused, slightly frustrated and humiliated. Haley looked away from me for a moment, down to the pavement that we were walking on as we turned a corner. We had been walking for nearly thirty minutes now, and all I couldn’t stop dwelling on this mortifying experience.

“Maddy, you just had some bad luck today.” She said earnestly; her sympathetic eyes showed her true feelings. “I hate seeing you like this, you don’t deserve any of it.” As she hugged me tight with her left arm again, her embrace felt as comforting as a warm blanket on a cold night.

“We’re going to get you cleaned up; you can borrow some of my clothes… in fact…” Haley smiled and looked to me, as if just coming up with a great idea. “Why don’t you stay with me tonight? At my house.” I perked up from my slump as I looked up from her and gazed down the street. We were nearing the end of the last street before we reached her neighborhood as I pondered her request.

“Your parents won’t mind?” I inquired as I began to cheer up.

“They shouldn't; in fact, I don’t think they’ll even be home. My mom mentioned that she and dad were going out tonight.” She smiled a little more. “We’d have the house to ourselves. What do you think?” It was apparent that Haley wanted me to be with her tonight, and I wanted to as well. I smiled back, for the first time since this morning.

“Okay!” I excitedly said. “My mom shouldn’t have a problem with it, but I’ll let her know so she doesn’t blow up my phone later.” I was feeling happier now that I knew this day would soon become better. Haley’s warm embrace still cradled my body as we turned the corner to her street: Wedersilf Way. I don’t know why, but that street name seemed awfully familiar.

I took the time before we reached her house to text my mom and tell her I wanted to stay at Haley’s house that night. In no time at all, she had texted me back telling me it was fine and that antifairy of omorashi.org wrote this original fiction. Whatever that meant. What mattered was that I got to stay at my best friend’s house, and that was more than enough to make me happy that day. As we approached the front door to her brown brick home, I stopped her on the porch and looked up to her.

“Haley, I really want to thank you for doing all this for me… and.. being here for me.” I looked down at her welcome mat, which was woven into a green and red pattern. Haley looked to me and smiled. “I don’t know what I would have done without you.” I smiled wider this time and she returned the same gesture as she took my hand in hers.

“Of course, I will always be here for you, no matter what!” Haley exclaimed, smiling at me.

Her warm hand and kind words sent shivers down my spine. It was then that I noticed my clothes had dried almost completely, with only a light stain visible in the sunlight. They still felt uncomfortable, though, and I couldn’t wait to get out of them!

After she unlocked the door, we went inside, entering into the living room. Haley’s house was decently sized for her family: a two bedroom, two bathroom house. She was an only child, so she had a bedroom all to herself with her own personal connected bathroom. I was always jealous of this, as my house only had one full bathroom, which my parents and I shared, along with a half bathroom adjoining the laundry room.

Haley led me to her bedroom, where we’d probably be spending most of the night. It wasn’t as big as my room at home, but it was still adequate for the two of us. She had a full sized bed on the left side, and a vanity dresser on the right with a laptop on it. Both the bed and the dresser were made from dark mahogany wood that complemented the light colored cream carpet and burgundy painted walls. On another side of the room was a closet with two mirrored sliding doors, one of which was open, showcasing some of Haley’s well maintained and various designer clothes.

She turned to face me and sighed. “I bet you’re just absolutely dying for a shower, so use mine.” I looked to the right corner of her room where her bathroom was located. It looked so inviting. “Oh! You need some clothes, let me see what I have for you.” I smiled at her, wondering what she’d pick out for me to wear.

“Thanks Haley.” I said, standing behind her as she opened her dresser drawers.

After fumbling through her clothes, she pulled out a pair of loose fitting, blue pajama pants and… pink cotton underwear, then handed them to me. I smirked a little at the underwear, which Haley must have caught.

“Come on, my ass isn’t that fat, they’ll fit you just fine!” she jokingly stated. I chuckled at her and folded them into the pajamas.

“No it’s not that, haha. They’re just cute, is all.” I smiled a little to her.

“Well, I’m glad you think my panties are cute, because I’m going to let you keep both of those!” Haley smiled back as she laid down on her bed.

“Aww, thank you!” I said as I walked into her bathroom. “Be out in a bit!”

I started shutting the door and peeked out at Haley. “And your butt isn’t fat!” I reassured her. She gave a slightly puzzled but appreciative look as I fully shut the door and laid the clothes on the toilet seat behind me. Though her bottom was nice and plumply round like a upside down heart-shaped pillow, definitely easy to spot when she was laying on the bed. Unlike mine which was nearly flat, small, and hardly any shape at all.

After taking my sandals off, I laid them by the toilet, sighing softly with regret that I had not gotten the chance to use it today. I then tore the rest of my clothes off and dropped them next to my shoes then turned the shower on, adjusting the temperature to just the way i liked it: warm, but a little hotter than normal. I felt better already, having taken off those chafing pants and underwear. Being naked in someone else’s house was a tiny bit weird, but I felt okay knowing it was Haley’s.

As I stepped into the shower and under the pouring water, I let it run all over my body and soak my brown shoulder length hair before I used some of Haley’s lavender scented body wash. It looked like the expensive kind that my mom never bought; she always just bought regular soap bars instead. I washed my entire body with both hands ascending and descending every inch of my pale skin, especially down below.

I spent a good 10 minutes washing myself, and letting the water cascade over me. While doing so, I couldn’t help but think about Haley, and everything she did for me. I couldn’t have asked for a better friend than her. She’s always been so nice to me, ever since we first met in middle school, I thought. A lot of friends grow apart after that long, but we had grown closer. I smiled, deep in thought as I washed my girlhood a second time. It felt good. Thinking about Haley made it feel even better…

It was about this time that I realized I was pleasuring myself thinking about Haley and it surprised me. I stopped and started asking myself if I really liked her… as more than a friend, that is. She was so pretty, kind, caring, and much more confident and assertive than I was. I don’t know how anyone couldn’t like her. I’d never thought about Haley like this before, or anyone either, really . Needless to say, I was a little confused right then. The worst part was I didn’t know if I should tell Haley or not. What if it made her feel uncomfortable, or these were just exaggerated feelings stemming from her kindness today? I had so many questions, but no answers.

After I washed all the soap off my body, I felt a thousand times better than before. I was immaculately clean. All that was lingering was the memory of what happened today at school and my thoughts in the shower just now. It was then that I knew that night might be a little awkward. I quickly shook that thought off though; I didn’t want anything to ruin that night. After drying my wet body off with a large towel, I put on the clothes that Haley had given me and the shirt I had on when I came over. I put my dirty clothes in the basket and walked back into the bedroom.

Haley was now laying on her back, propped up against the headboard with a couple of pillows behind her back. She had her laptop on her lap and seemed to be seriously interested in whatever she was looking at. Also, she had changed her clothes while I was in the shower. She was now in red pajama pants and a loose fitting white t-shirt just like I was. Her long auburn hair flowed over her chest with only a couple small locks resting against the pillows. I walked further towards the bed and she smiled as she gazed up at me.

“Feeling better?” She inquired as she closed the lid of her computer.

“Yeah, you could say that.” I smiled back.

“Good!” After putting her laptop aside, she leaned over to her nightstand and grabbed a hair brush.

“Come here, sit down and I’ll brush your hair.”

She patted the bed in front of her as she switched to a sitting position on the bed, crossing her legs. We always brushed each other’s hair, so this was a normal thing for us to do. I hopped on her bed’s blue comforter and scooted back towards her, also crossing my legs over each other. Haley immediately took hold of my hair and began brushing away.

The soft bristles flowed through my damp hair smoothly, like an autumn breeze through… tall grass, or something? I don’t know, I was never good at similes. I do know that it felt very relaxing, though my body was still a little tense. I tried to relax, but I was just too antsy about what I just did less than ten minutes ago. Haley sighed softly.

“Relax, Maddy… I can feel you shaking through my hair brush.” She whined, continuing to stroke my hair. I exhaled softly, and was able to calm down a bit. I needed to stop acting suspicious

“Don’t be ashamed, we all do it.” Haley said, apparently in reaction to my slight shaking. A wave of shock coursed through my body. She didn’t know, did she? No, she must be talking… about my accident.

“Oh, no… I’m fine now. I mean… I’m still a little… um shock-- shook up about it, but…” I couldn’t believe how obvious I must have been right then. Haley stopped brushing, grabbed my shoulders and turned me towards her.

“I mean what you did in the shower.” Haley smirked and looked me in the eye. Okay, she definitely knew. I couldn’t hide anything from her. I sighed softly and relaxed my shoulders, looking down at the bed.

“How did you know?” I asked curiously. I felt alright about her knowing though, I don’t know why I tried to keep it from her.

“You were in there for at least 20 minutes, if not more.” She said, letting go of my shoulders and leaning back against her pillows, running her fingers through the hair brush. I turned to face her.

“Oh, right.” I blushed and smirked a little. It definitely didn’t feel like it was 20 minutes, but I guess I lost track of time. I wondered if she knew that I was thinking about her, or someone else. I decided to let her think… whatever she was thinking, for now. Maybe later I could get it off my chest. Haley set the hair brush down on the night stand and situated herself back on the bed, facing me again.

“So do you want to watch a movie or something?” She tilted her head and smiled a little. “We could watch ‘Warm Feelings’, I just downloaded it today.” She said, picking up her laptop and setting it in front of her. “Sounded like a good romance movie, I know how much you liked those.”

“Sure, I’d love to!” I smiled. I did like romance movies, and I haven’t seen any good ones recently. I scooted back against the soft pillows next to Haley and stretched my legs out across the bed as Haley loaded up the movie in full screen. She then positioned the laptop in between us and the movie started.

“Sorry, I don’t have any popcorn, otherwise I’d make some for us…” Haley said looking at me with slight disappointment.

“It’s alright… I’m not really that hungry anyway…” I replied, getting comfortable on the pillows. I almost laid down on Haley’s shoulder instinctively, but I stopped myself. Not that I thought that she would mind, but I didn’t want to make things weird between us.

During the movie, I found myself wanting to snuggle up to Haley. A mere 3 inches away from her, I could feel her body warmth cascading off her and enveloping over me, and it was almost too enticing to ignore. The movie was getting really good though, so I managed to keep my attention on it. Most of it at least. Every few minutes though, it was getting harder to keep my composure, and I also just couldn’t stop sneaking glances at her chest. They were the perfect size for snuggling against, and I tried to picture what her C size cups looked like in my head. I started shaking a little bit. God I just wanted her so badly, even though she was literally right next to me.

Somewhere after the middle of the movie, I had calmed down a little bit. The movie was getting me and Haley a little emotional, I looked over to her and she had a look of empathy in her eyes. It was at the part of the movie where they were finally expressing their feelings to each other. They were holding hands, and it was so cute. I could feel the tears welling in my eyelids. Me and Haley instantly grabbed each other’s hands as they went in for the kiss that everyone always waits for in these kinds of movies. Her hand cradled my small hand gently, and it sent warm feelings through my arm.

As they embraced each other, I buried myself in Haley’s arm and squealed a little. She quickly glanced over at me and giggled at my reaction, and then wrapped her arm around me, like I was her little stuffed bear. I wrapped mine over her waist, and I was happy that she didn’t resist and instead laid her head on mine. I’m sure she thought I was just being a sap for the moment, but I had wanted this moment all night. How long would she let us stay like this? I wondered. I wanted it to last all night, to fall asleep in her arms.

The movie was almost over, we were still snuggling, and Haley hadn’t let up at all. I was in total bliss, being this close to her for so long. I couldn’t believe this moment was happening, but it was and I couldn’t have been more happy. I wondered if she was as well, did she like me being in her arms like this? I hoped she was as happy as I was, I wanted to make sure I wasn’t imposing myself on her.

“Do you… mind me being here?’ I quietly asked her, after I caught her eyes when I looked up to her.

“Of course not Maddy…” She smiled cutely at me. I smiled back, snuggling back in her embrace that warmed over my entire body as we watched the rest of the movie together like this. I was still confused though, I didn’t know what this meant for her, or for us. Maybe I was over analyzing…

The movie ended, and Haley softly pulled away from our embrace as she leaned over to turn the lamp on. As the room was lit up, I stretched my arms out and yawned, switching to a sitting up position and pulled my feet under me. Haley moved the laptop to the side table and stretched with me.

“Wow…” Haley said, looking down at my temporarily exposed stomach. “I didn’t know you had an outie belly button.” She stated, somewhat surprised. I looked down, and held my shirt up just above the little button that she mentioned.

“Yeah, I guess I never showed you it before…” I smirked and chuckled a little. Haley lifted her shirt up, showing me hers.

“Mine’s just a boring old, regular innie…” She looked down, pitifully at it. I smiled, I thought it was cute.

“It’s not boring. At least it doesn’t look silly like mine.” I exposed my belly button again to try and make her see the truth.

“No! I like it! It’s so cute how it’s like a little button.” Haley poked my belly button, trying to use it as such. I squealed and lowered my shirt.

“Sorry.” Haley laughed. “I just wish I had something cute like that.” Haley had let her shirt down as well. I scoffed at her comment.

“Shush, you have so much more going on than I do.” My eyes drifted to her shapely chest, I was jealous of it, and they had made me insecure about my small A size cups. She smiled and sighed a bit, knowing exactly what I had meant.

“I’ve told you before, Maddy, your breasts are fine the way they are. So what if they’re a little small? They’re still there…” Haley looked down at my chest and scooted closer to me so that we were about a half a foot away from each other, and crossed her legs while facing me.

“Come here, let me see them and I show you mine too.” Haley requested to me and my eyes widened up. I was a little taken aback from what she said, but I also got a little excited. I have always wanted to see her breasts, but we never had an opportunity like this.

“Really?” I asked her, making sure I didn’t mishear her.

“Yeah! It’ll be good for you.” She replied, placing her hands in front of her on the bed. To be honest, though, I was a little nervous about showing her mine, but I thought I could have worked up the courage. My face drooped some, and I covered my chest with my hands, looking up at her.

“Come on, don’t be shy, it’s just us girls…” Haley reminded me. I breathed in deeply and exhaled, putting my hands on the hem of my shirt and slowly pulled it up past my outie button, over the rest of my stomach, and finally over my chest. I closed my eyes as I had now exposed my breasts to Haley for the first time. It felt weird, but I didn’t mind her seeing them.

“See? That wasn’t so hard.” Haley said, gazing at my chest. I opened my eyes and looked down at them. They protruded out maybe three inches and had pink little nipples in the middle of them. She then put her hands around them, and gave them a soft squeeze on the underside of them while staring intently at them. Her hands were warm upon my bare breasts, and it felt nice having them there. I looked up to her with a subtle smile.

“Well?” I inquired.

“They’re nice, hun. They’re not bad at all and you should stop worrying about them. Just remember, you’ll never have to worry about your back hurting from large breasts, and bras will be cheap. You might even be able to get away with not wearing one, sometimes.” She leaned back and looked up to me.

“I suppose so. So they feel.. okay then?” I shyly questioned her.

“Yes, they feel nice. They’re really not as tiny as you think, they’re almost a B cup.” She continued to observe and feel them. “They fit your small frame perfectly, which makes them more noticeable. Trust me!” Haley said, looking into my eyes. I felt a lot better now.

“I suppose you’re right.” I said smiling, letting my shirt fall back over me. I sighed with relief.

“Now, let me show you mine.” Haley said the words that I had been waiting for. She began lifting her shirt up, and I tried to contain my excitement. Instead of simply lifting her shirt over her chest, she just pulled her shirt off, exposing her entire torso, right there in front of me like it was no big deal.

Wow, they were awesome, my bright green eyes widened and I stared at them. I noticed that her dark pink nipples and areolas were much larger than mine and they rested a couple of inches above the bottom of her breast’s curve. Her shoulders were broad, and complimented her chest flawlessly. She pulled her hair back and let it flow behind her, as it was covering her chest.

“One is actually a little smaller than the other…” Haley said, referring to her left breast as she pressed them together, making the difference more apparent. I could now see that it was slightly smaller than the right one, but only ever so slightly.

“Oh... I didn’t notice, but I see what you mean now. I don’t think it’s that bad though.”

“Here, feel them and tell me what you think.” Haley picked my hands up and placed them over her curvy breasts, right over the nipples, one of them resting between my fore finger and middle finger and the other I pressed my palm against. I lightly started squishing them with my hands, and they felt heavenly.

“They feel so soft, but also firm!” I smiled and looked up to her, I couldn’t believe she was just letting me hold them like this. I felt tingly all over, even down…

I felt my face flush red, after realizing what was happening. Slowly, I let go of her chest and placed them in my lap. No, not there, on my thighs. Butterflies filled my tummy again, and I started shaking a little. I had to tell her, I didn’t know how much longer I could hold this inside of me.

“Well thank you, yours are soft too you know. I hope you feel better about them…?” Haley inquired after she slid her shirt back on. She then uncrossed her legs, moved her left foot under her bottom and her right leg folded against her side. I saw that she had a somewhat concerned look on her face, and started to sway on her foot.

“I do, thank you.. but Haley?” It was time to tell her, I wouldn’t have been able to get an ounce of sleep that night if I hadn’t and she would have murdered me if I waited until she found out on her own. I blushed and shook a little harder. I was so nervous, trying to get my words out of my trembling voice. It was a good thing that I didn’t have to use the bathroom that badly yet, otherwise I might have lost all of it on her bed. That would have been horrible.

“What? What is it, Maddy? Are you okay?” She scooted closer to me, and placed her free hand on my shoulder.

“Did something we do make you feel uncomfortable?” Haley probed for more information, and I took big breaths to try and calm myself down enough to get my words out.

“No.. it’s not that. I just really need to tell you something.” I looked into her hazel eyes and she parted her lips some. I took another deep breath. I noticed her hands were buried into her lap now and she was rocking back and forth.

“Okay.” She replied. “But can you hold that thought for a moment?” Haley jumped off the bed.

“Sure… where are you going?” I asked, confused as I held my confession in. Haley turned around, and she was holding her crotch with both hands.

“Toilet! I’ve been holding it in all night and I have to pee so badly!”

“Oh…haha…okay then.” I replied as she darted towards the bathroom, shutting the door behind her. I guess I didn’t pick up on her signs until now. I had never seen her need to go that bad before.

I laid down on her bed. I also had to go, but it could wait...

%maddy2.txt

###

Thanks to frostyjr2 for editing and suggestions for this particular chapter as well as general support and motivation to continue writing.

*004*2014-06-19 03:02

Thanks for the comments guys, I will be starting the next chapter soon. I will be open to consider ideas of anything you would like to see happen, within reason.

*008*2014-06-19 16:13

{{:

Like I said, I want to see Haley wet, but I assume that was already happening.

}}

I didn't know you had said that. We will see what happens with Haley.

*010*2014-06-19 16:29

I understand what you're saying. I am going to try to expand it out so it's not all about them. I plan on including conflict, and unhappy endings.

*012*2014-06-19 16:47

There will be both. :)

*016*2014-06-27 02:18

I have started the next chapter, but now I'm in the infamous writing block, I'm sure I'll get past it soon. I have... a lot of ideas to extend this well beyond a few chapters, but won't come until much later.

I should really start focusing on the current chapter. Thank you for the positive feedback everyone, I'll post the next one asap.

*018*2014-06-27 13:09

I knew they were going to look great even before I saw them in the incomplete version. Thank you for taking my requests.

