Earning the Bat Cowl

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-09-08 07:06

So I originally intended to make this a multi-installment story but I've decided against it. This is the story of the Batgirl known as Stephanie Brown, however in this story she will take on the alias of "Spoiler" Her original alter ego. I hope you enjoy this, also long story short I was messing around on google and found this BEAUTIFUL small time model on google so here's the picture I found: http://t3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRmizWs-0Mk31MJR6K4lbk9hHx8JeCwwdJ02mfKxmkx0ojnhps1

And here is the link to her modeling profile: http://www.modelmayhem.com/cheerleaderbarbie

It also links her Facebook but I felt it would be overstepping a boundary to give it a vist:P

My feet dangled over the edge of the pier, melting ice cream dipped into the water of Gotham Bay. To my right my best friend in the whole world was laying on her stomach eating her strawberry ice cream without a care in the world. That's the thing about being ten, well Cassandra was a year my elder, but that was aside the point. Even growing up in a city as vile as Gotham City you kid still find innocence. Soon however Cassandra departed, to meet her mother at the local mall.

That was the last time I had ever seen her. She was assumed to be among the dead after Joker's initial attack on Gotham, the attack that made him famous. It was a terrifying concept to think that someone could ever be so evil...

I let the memory fade. Not entirely, but I couldn't afford to obsess over it. Since the last time I had seen Cassandra I mastered as much of several matrial arts and fighting types as possible till the time I became nineteen. In that time I also became the cheer captain for the Gotham City High School and became a highly esteemed gymnast. I was basically at physical perfection for nineteen year old senior who spent the rest of her time perfecting her mental abilities.

It was my time to extract revenge on the man who had taken my best friend. Inspired by the acts of Batman and Catwoman I donned a black outfit. Black, on black on black, even to the black lacy bra and thong. Black yoga tights, black uggs, a formfitting black v-neck t-shirt, long black gloves that reached past my elbow and less exciting, a black fanny pack. A black Mardi Gras mask with purple colors intertwining. My golden blonde hair was the only thing that seemed to contrast with the costume.

I didn't care though, I let it flow behind me as I snuck out my second story window. I fell to the ground, landing on my feet before sprinting to my backyard. I quickly opened the lock on my garage/shed and retrieved my purple dirt bike. I wasn't a master at riding it, still only a novice, but I could ride it casually well enough. I slowly walked it out to the street and a block away from my house before starting up the engine and racing to the downtown area.

I parked the bike a couple blocks from the scene of the drug deal I was planning on breaking down. I sprinted to the location and quickly found the group. they couldn't have been more obvious, bright purple suits. They left the clown make-up at home this time, however. I moved as discreetly as possible to get close. I withdrew a hand taser and kept my finger near the trigger as I waited for a definite confirmation they were the people I had been looking for.

What I had originally expected to be a few minutes turned to be a few hours and in that time I only grew more and more nervous, as well as felt a tug in my bladder. However I simply brushed it off as anxiety and remained crouched behind a bush as I watched the men kill time as best as they could. Finally a large truck backed into the alley way and the men stood up as the truck stopped and the back of it opened up to reveal two men and a trunk full of scarecrow toxin.

"Definitely the target." I Snuck around the group and to the front of the truck, the driver sat alone listening to music, bored. His window was wide open and his arm hung out of it, tapping against the side to the beat of the music. I crept up to him and activated the taser, pressing it against his arm, quickly moving it up to his neck. There was a quick cry and he passed out. I threw myself under the truck as the henchmen approached to check out the cry. One came up on my side and as he passed me by I slammed the taser into his ankle and watched him collapse to the ground. I slammed the bottom of it into his head and drew under the truck and escaped my hiding spot.

I quickly disposed of the second henchmen and stuffed him under the truck as well as I peered from around the truck to see the rest of them.

The two "delivery men" drew guns and the henchmen looked a little worried and weaponless. "Dumb mistake." I muttered. One of the delivery men came around the corner to check on the status of the other three criminals. When he came in sight of me I shoved the taser into his neck and slammed him against the side of the truck. He dropped his gun and I retrieved it instantly. I fired it into the knee of the henchmen racing towards me before subduing him with the taser. The next delivery man suffered a bullet wound to the arm and a high kick to the face. He stumbled back into another henchman.

I fired a bullet into he kelvar vest and they both fell to the ground. In a fluent motion I kicked my gun away, cartwheeled forward, knocking his gun away and tased both of them into sumbission. Four more henchmen left for my disposal. I panicked a little, losing the element of stealth I wasn't sure how I would be able to take four of them down. I didn't back down however. I moved in flurry of impressive manuevers and attacks and it dropped down to three, then two then one. Then a sharp pain erupted from the back of my skull as a blunt weapon made forceful contact. I joined the unconscious instantly.

My head was in agony, much like my bladder and burning urethra, when I awoke. My arms were bound to the arms of a wooden chair, my legs were bound to the legs and a thick cable dug into my lower abdomen as it wrapped around the back of the chair. I was trapped and moments from wetting myself. I pressed my thighs together as hard as possible and curled my toes. I looked around the room, my vision was still blurry but I made out my captors.

Three brute-ish men in purple suits sat around in front of a tiny television set. A young twenty something girl with dirty blonde hair leaned against a wall. She was dressed in a pleated mini-skirt with alternating maroon and black pleats. She wore one red, knee high converse and one black. The rest of her shapely legs were bare. Her torso bore only a black sport bra that had the three of diamonds over the center of each breast. Her face had white make-up covering most of her beautiful feature, black mascara that formed the yin symbol on one eye and the yang symbol on the other. Her lips bore cherry red lipstick that seemed to catch the light. Her fingers had alternating red and black nail polish. She definitely had a signature style, and she was definitely beautiful.

The man on her right however was who caught my eye. Dressed in a darker purple suit than his man, and a much nicer one, with a pin-stripe under shirt and a wilted flower over his chest and large, ratty bowling shoes. He was tall and slender, with splotchy white face-make up and large blotchy...lipstick? His hair was his most noticeable feature however, entirely bright green.

His face lit up when he noticed my consciousness. "Well, well well, the wittle girl who thought she was a super hero woke up." He mocked me, approaching with a menacing smile. I fidgeted as he approached, more to contain my urine rather than from fear. He seemed to have sensed that as he drew a knife and brought it down were my thighs were. The spread out just before the knife into the wood of the chair, the flat of the blade facing me. I felt my legs quiver in order to keep my urine in. A spurt escaped and soaked my panties. The sound was almost inaudible but the Joker heard it.

"Don't pee your pants on me now, sweet heart." He laughed.

"Maybe she hasn't grown up mentally Mr. J. It would explain the gallivanting as a "super hero"." Harley smirked from her position on the wall, she grabbed a sledgehammer that had a long handle. She put her weight on it as she leaned forward.

"YOU KILLED MY FRIEND!" I shouted harshly.

"Oh did? I'm sorry." He said faking innocents.

"Cassandra Caine. An eleven year old girl died by your hand!"

"Oooh, I remember her. She was a fast one, she got so close to escaping before I shot her." He laughed like the maniac he was. Meanwhile I quivered as another spurt escaped and a dark glistening stain began to form on my crotch.

"YOU BASTARD! I HOPE YOU GET THE ELECTRIC CHAIR! I HOPE YOU ROT IN HELL!" I screamed as more urine leaked out, soaking my crotch thoroughly, leaving a CD sized wet patch.

"Why would anyone wish me dead? That's just rude." He laughed once again.

"GO TO HELL!" Tears began to form in my eyes. It was then that I realized they never removed my mask for some reason.

"Hell?" Harley said, slapping me hard. "My Joker is a hero." She said harshly.

"A hero? He shot and killed an eleven year old girl at point blank! THEIR IS NO HEROISM IN THAT!"

"He's liberating the world for your information. Destroying the social hierarchy." She swung her sledgehammer in my lower abdomen. The hiss was much louder as the stream forced it's way forward, leaving a wet streak along my inner thighs before it began to form a puddle of urine between my legs. The fabric of my yoga pants rippled along with the pee as the hot liquid slowed to a halt, much more pent up, ready to burst.

The henchmen found that hysterical. I grit my teeth as I glared at Harley.

"I don't like your attitude." The Joker grinned. He withdrew a gun. He aimed the barrel at my chest. My eyes went wide in fear and I simply relinquished hold over my bladder. The pee sprayed out intensely, quickly soaking my thighs and pooling on the seat of the chair before several streams began to cascade off of the chair. Then he pulled the trigger and the stream came out even more forceful as I shut my eyes tight. Then... nothing. I opened my eyes, still wetting myself.

A flag poked out of the gun, the word "Bang" printed in big bold letters. "Just kidding." He laughed. "See you think it's funny. You peed yourself laughing." My face burned as the flow slowed before halting. Even then the warm, golden liquid continued to pour over the side of the chair every time I shifted my weight.

"Look at the little hero now." Harley Cooed sarcastically. "It's ok toots, I've been in that situation before." Just then there was a loud explosion as the wall caved in and the cloaked crusader entered the room. Behind the rubble was a pile of unconscious henchmen. The dark knight moved quickly, easily disposing the henchmen and Harley Quinn. The joker however withdrew a trigger before Batman could attack him.

"Now why did you have to go and do that Bats?" The Joker asked gleefully. "You hurt my men, you knocked Harley around like you were trying to turn her on, well if you make one more move we all go up in flames." He waved the trigger before his face. There was a blur and the Joker was disarmed before the Batman threw him into a wall.

"You, what are you doing here." He asked me, his voice gruff.

"I-I-I... I tried to be like you." I admitted staring into my soaked lap.

"The point is that anyone can be the Batman, not that anyone SHOULD be the batman." He said freeing me. "Especially not girls who can't control their bladder."

"That's not my fault." I said angrily. "I took out most of his men, one just snuck up and got me from behind..."

"The bat family utilizes stealth, they don't get beaten by it."

"I'm not a part of the bat family." I responded.

"I can't let your rogue skills go untrained."

My eyes lit up. "Is that your way of saying-"

"It's my way of saying it train you, or let you kill yourself trying to be a hero."

"Thank you, thank you, thank you."

"This isn't a privilege Stephanie, it's a burden."

"How do you know my-"

"Stephanie Brown, 19, 5'5, 103 pounds, Blue eyes, blonde hair Caucasian. Captain of Cheer team, amateur dirt biker, esteemed gymnast. Master of several fighting styles. Top of your class. The point is I do my research." Bruce said solemnly.

"Why did you research me?"

"Your parents... they were killed by the Joker while you were unconscious. You need proper guidance lest you end up like Jason T-" He cut himself off and shook his head. "Come with me." He said holding out his hand. The simple gesture symbolized hope, a future. Even as the depression of becoming an orphan began to set in, I took his hand and he drew me closer and his grappling hook took us away from the scene.

I hope you enjoyed this story. It was weird for me to curse in a story but.... anyway please leave comments, feedback and criticism below! Please and Thank you:)

*002*2012-09-08 19:07

{{:

I thought it was an excellent story, it managed to make me both turned on and disturbed at the same time, quite the accomplishment, I was visualizing the animated serie whilst reading this.

}}

Thanks glad you thought so:)

*004*2012-09-09 20:56

{{:

I pictured more the arkham game series style, but still this was pretty good! Any chance of a sequel, or maybe a look at harley?

}}

I don't think so, what do you mean by a look at Harley though?

*006*2012-09-09 21:07

{{:

I just assumed that when harley said "I've been in that situation." that you might have been referring to an earlier event? That was what I was asking.

}}

Oh yeah. I was thinking of doing a story with Poison Ivy and Harley Quinn.

*008*2012-09-09 21:17

{{:

That would be incredible! Please do it.

}}

I Definitely will.

*009*2012-09-10 22:33

I never said it but the model is how I imagine Stephanie

*011*2012-09-17 20:43

{{:

I'm already a avid fan of all things Batman so the story was very engaging for me lol

I sound like a geek.

}}

Not at alll:) I'm glad you liked it

*013*2012-09-18 20:58

{{:

Simply amazing.....as ive said i love all your stories and this one didn't disappoint, i love batman so this was awesome :)

}}

I'm honored you think so:)

