Pikachu Pee-catchu

Author: Eeveeluver00

*000*2012-03-12 02:11

Pikachu yawned and glanced around. The Pichu brothers were fast asleep on top of her. She shook the boys off gently and scampered up the ladder up to the top bunk. Plusle and Minin were snoring softly and hugging eachother in their sleep. Pikachu smiled and climbed back down. Emolga was cuddling her babies on her perch, and Raichu's straw nest was still warm, but Pikachu knew he had probably snuck off to pee. She gasped as she realized that was exactly what she desperately needed to do. She took a deep breath and bolted out of the large stone cave, feeling her bladder jolt painfully in protest as she did so. Suddenly, Raichu was right in front of her. She skidded to a halt, gritting her teeth as several drops leaked out.

"Hey Pikachu," Raichu squeaked.

"The Boss wants to see you."

"Right now?" Pikachu's face fell.

"But I really have to-"

"Boss'es orders!"

Pikachu sighed as she entered the Boss's room. The Boss towered over her.

"You're late!" the voice boomed.

"Yes, Sir." Pikachu replied, squirming on the spot.

"Very well." the voice softened.

"Since it is your first time being late, the punishment will not be severe."

"Yes Sir thankyou Sir!" Pikachu slurred oddly.

"You will clean the dining area after breakfast."

Pikachu looked up in dismay.

"ButSirIreallyneedyotakealea-"

"NOW!"

Pikachu jumped back, startled, and a little more pee forced its way out.

"Yes Sir."

Pikachu slowly backed out of the room, her tail now slightly dampened, but she still felt the tingling sensation between her legs, and she knew she was running out of time. She ran, hoping she could make it to the bushes in time, but another spasm ran down her bladder, and she stopped to bend over, paws jammed between her legs in an effort to hold it in.

"No, this can't be happening!" She moaned as warm yellow liquid began to drip from her body. She gritted her teeth, praying to Arceus that she wouldn't completely lose it here. She somehow managed to cut of the flow, but she couldn't hold it much longer. The dining area soon came into view, and Pikachu got to work cleaning. She had missed breakfast, but she didn't care; the only thing on her mind was she needed a p-

She dropped the cleaning supplies and jammed her paws between her legs, not caring if anyone saw. She rocked violently back and forth as she sprung a leak, and she moaned as her swollen bladder finally gave in. The floodgates opened, and she completely soaked her self. She squatted for a moment, still peeing, then, paws soaked, she collapsed, sighing in relief.

*004*2012-03-12 10:42

Sure, I plan to write more. Any requests?

*006*2012-03-26 00:12

{{:

Sorry this reply's a little late, but I've got a request. I'd like to see either Vulpix, Skitty/Delcatty, or Mawile, female would be preferred.

}}

Sure! No problem!

