Zelda: Majora's Mask - Clock Town Omorashi

Author: Haruko

*000*2011-12-20 07:29

This one kind of defies the point of link being silent, but what can I say.... its hard to keep quiet when you gotta go and what’s going to happen in this story happens lol.

WARNINGS!

Male Omorashi

Weird things happen in this story... and what's weirder is some things [like what link finds in the toilet] actually happen in the N64 game lmao.

Link's an Idiot

Unrealistic sequences may occur

###

Link had been travelling for days from hyrule. He was still in the woods, searching for signs of civilization. It wasn’t because he was looking for civilization, but rather he was hoping for a place where he could find a restroom. Link needed to pee and had been holding it for about a half hour now and although the urge was not pressing, he knew it would get worse with time.

Just then, a skull kid wearing a mask knocked him down off his horse. The skull kid and her two fairies removed link’s ocarina from his tunic while he was unconscious. The masked figure started messing around with instrument and laughing.

Meanwhile, link slowly regained his consciousness. When he woke up, he saw what had happened and charged toward the figure. Unfortunately, the masked skull kid moved, causing him to fall on his face. The skull kid took off on his horse, and link had just managed to latch onto Epona’s, as the horse was called, leg.

A while later, the skull kid knocked him off and took off into the forest. Link followed eagerly, until he finally reached a cliff. Since he had been running... he was wobbling on the edge trying to keep his balance, but it was no use. He had been travelling to fast to regain his balance and avoid the fall. He tumbled into the blackness below.

When he landed, he met the skull kid who had stole his ocarina. The dastardly figure explained that he had gotten rid of link’s horse and then proceeded to curse link, turning him into a deku.

When the skull kid and her fairies left, one of the fairies was left behind. She joined link in return for getting the both of them out of there. Her name was tatl. Together link and tatl found their way to the entrance to the clock tower in clock town. There they met a mask salesman who asked their help in retrieving a powerful mask from the skull kid. Link and Tatl agreed to the man’s request.

Link was happy to finally see civilization. He still had to go to the bathroom, but alas, he was not quite sure how that would work as a deku. He decided he had to hold it until he regained his human form.

Link completed a series of tasks until the third day where he was to ascend the clock tower, his urge growing each hour. By the third day, he was bursting. How he had managed to hold it in, he didn’t know. After all it wasn’t easy trying to hold it for three days, an accomplishment he was quite proud of right now, but at the same time, too preoccupied with his bladder to care.

Link ascended the clock tower at midnight. He struggled to try to fight the skull kid, but his bladder was protesting to him fighting in a boss battle. He wanted to resist but instead ended up grabbing himself with his tiny deku hands. Tatl noticed.

“You’ve got to be kidding me! Why didn’t you say you had to go?” Tatl asked.

Link shrugged while attempting to hold it in. He could feel himself losing control. He was starting to dribble a little and he could feel the wetness on his hand. As he shot one last bubble shot towards the skull kid, he lost control of his bladder completely.

As the skull kid dropped the ocarina, link was wetting himself, as a deku nonetheless. Tatl facepalmed in humiliation. How did she ever get stuck with such an idiot? As link finished helplessly peeing himself, he snatched the ocarina, and remembered the song Zelda had taught him in a flashback. He played the song and they were magically transported to the first day.

When they arrived, Tatl was confused. “Hey, everything’s back how it was on the first day. And your clothes are dry too! What did you do?”

Link shrugged. He would have been more pleased that he was dry again, but unfortunately he had to pee again, just as he had needed the first day. “I guess bodily functions don’t respond well to time travel.” he thought.

Tatl then said, “Well, nevermind. I wonder what my brother Tael meant by the four who are there. He never was specific. He must be referring to the four areas outside town. We should check them out.” Tatl jumped at a sudden realization. “Oh, the Ocarina! Remember what that mask salesman said? He said if you could get what was most precious to you back, he’d be able to change you back!”

Link and Tatl headed back into the clock tower, where the happy mask salesman taught him the song of healing. The deku curse was then sealed away into a mask as link played the song and he became human again. However, the man was infuriated that link had not brought back “Majora’s Mask”. He proceeded to tell of the history of the mask and the evil it was capable of. He stated that it was imperative he get it back as soon as possible in the next three days.

The boy and fairy left the clock tower and Tatl started to lead the way to the first area outside town. Link was hesitant and he stayed where he was when Tatl flew forward.

“Uhhhm...” he muttered.

“What is it link?” Tatl asked.

“I gotta.... go....” link muttered.

Tatl replied. “You mean.... the time travel must have.... WAIT... if we went back in time that must mean.... you had to go to start with!! YOU HELD IT FOR THREE DAYS??”

Link nodded. “I was afraid of going as a deku scrub.”

Tatl replied. “Well you’re not a deku scrub now... Let’s go find a bathroom!” She wasn’t very happy with the predicament, for if they had to use the song of time again, Link would need to go every single time. At the same time, she recalled deku link holding it on top of the clock tower. She had known it was a serious situation, but she couldn’t help but be slightly amused with the child. She couldn’t explain why.

Link and Tatl searched the town for a bathroom, but they couldn’t find one. Nightfall was approaching and link was trying his best to hold it. He had been able to keep it in out of fear last time as a deku, but he didn’t know how much longer he could hold it as a human.

“This is useless.” Link said.

“We’ll find a restroom link.” Tatl replied. “I’m sure.”

Night fell and everything closed for the night. Link started to lose hope. “At this rate I’ll have to hold it till morning!” He protested.

Suddenly, tatl had an idea. “Hey link! The only place we haven’t checked yet is the inn, right?”

Link nodded. “But it’s closed for the night.”

“Not the roof door!” Tatl argued.

“But how do I get up there?” Link asked.

“Look! There’s a deku flower. Put on the mask and fly up!” Tatl replied.

Link was not looking forward to this. He didn’t know if he could hold it through a transformation again. But, right now it looked like his only option. Link placed the mask on his face. He could feel the pain and energy pulsing through him as he changed form. He crawled into the deku flower and flew up to the rooftop of the inn. Afterwards he proceeded to remove the mask to be human again. Just as tatl had predicted, the upstairs door was open and link had been able to get into the inn. He started his search for the bathroom.

After a few minutes, he finally found a restroom downstairs. He entered the restroom when suddenly, a hand shot up from inside the toilet. Link let a small spurt of pee out as he jumped at the sight.

“Paper! I need Paper!” the hand cried.

Link was too shocked to speak. Hands weren’t supposed to pop out of toilets. What was the guy doing down there? Did he not know he was supposed to sit on the toilet rather than climb down it? Well, whatever the case, he knew he had to do something.

“Uhmmm, excuse me sir.” he said. “I don’t have paper, but do you think you could get out of there for a minute. I really need to go!”

To his dismay, the hand did not answer. Link was shocked and confused. This was the weirdest thing he’d ever seen.

Unable to use the restroom at the inn, link continued to hold it until morning came. He had taken a seat on the stairs and held his penis to try to keep it in. Link checked the restroom now and then to see if the hand had left, but each time it was still there. When the dawn of the second day came, he checked again to find that there was no longer a hand in the toilet.

“So, what are you waiting for? The hand’s gone!” Tatl asked.

“I... I’m... kinda scared! What if he’s still in there and just isn’t begging for paper anymore?” link nervously asked.

“Oh for god’s sake! GO!” tatl yelled!

Link tried to force himself to use the toilet but he couldn’t bring himself to do it. Tatl had left to try and give link some privacy, but link just couldn’t do it, even though he didn’t think he could hold it for much longer.

Time went by and Tatl came back to check to see if link was ok. She was surprised to find that he still hadn’t gone.

Link was about to pee himself and Tatl could tell. She tried to make him use the toilet, but the boy was just too scared of the hand from the night before.

She didn’t want to admit it, not even to herself, but Tatl secretly liked seeing link desperate. She was experiencing the same confusing feelings she had on top of the clock tower seeing him like this. She didnt’ want it to stop, but at the same time she knew if it didn’t stop, Link would have another accident.

Link started to let out some pee into his underwear. He knew he should use the toilet to prevent something embarrassing, but he was still afraid. Again and again, he attempted to make himself forget about the hand in the toilet.

Finally, link succeeded in forgetting the image of the hand. He had already accidentally let out enough pee to make a very small puddle on the floor. He finished in the toilet and left the inn.

“Finally you decide to go!” Tatl exclaimed. “We’ve been wasting time! We only have two days left to visit the four areas!”

“Sorry...” Link said, ashamed.

The duo set out to finished their quest. However, little did Tatl know that the “Song of Time” would be used more than once, and link would have to go again and again and again.

*002*2011-12-20 20:59

Glad to know you liked it! I've been playing skyward sword lately and I found out that the hand in the toilet thing returned and it inspired me. The other thing was I've been imagining Link desperate since last week so I needed some creative outlet to deal with that! Otherwise Pee Pee dance link would continue to haunt my dreams lol.

