I`ve to hold on to the house... !

Author: abra

*000*2020-05-07 12:12

I've always been ashamed to admit that I want to pee, when I was younger I never said it at school and I went hom desperate. I have a fairly large bladder and it's strong. But I'm human and I still have limits.

My familu and I went to visit our family and that day we were on the return trip. A journey of 4 hours, therefore quite long. Before leaving I had not thought of using toilets, I have drunk a lot of water throughout the meal and a large xoffee at the end of the meal. There were my parents, my litlle sister and I, I'm 17 years old. I'm a rather shy boy therefore and I don't dare to speak about my needs.

I was sitting in the back of the car with my littler sister. She was crying a lot because it was hot in the car. My mother tried to calm her down but without success. For my part I did not speak, I sipped my soda while listening to music. But after 1 hour of driving, a pinch in my bladder caught my attention. I hadn't paid attention but I must already have been at a good 5/10. Not desperate, but not comfortable either. My little sister was asleep.

With this heat my mother forced me to dring ever more water along the way. The cold water from the cooler froze me on the spot and made my need even more pressing. I knew that the water I had just drunk was not yet in my bladder but I already felt a constant need in my lower abdomen.

After 2 hours of travers, my father decided to stop at a station to refuel and buy food. I was finally going to be able to relieve myself, and it was time because I was already at 7/10

I was starting to take off my security belt when my mom stopped me. She wanted me to keep my little sister because it was not prudent to leave a child alone in a car and she especiallu didn't want to wake her up. So I reluctanly stayed in the car, I knew I had a large bladder but the urge to piss increased and with this heat it was impossible for me to stop drinking. I threw an envious look at the toilet a little further...

When my parents came back with food and... fresh drinks. I was a little thirsty but I forbade myself to drink utile we get home, my bladder cannot bear much more.

Half an hour later my urge to piss has increased, all the water and soda was definitely in my bladder. It was a little bulging and the seat belt was pressing hard. I definitely needed a quick pee. But I d didn't want to ask my father to stop, it would have been too embarrassing for me. I was hoping that they cwould stop again at a station so that I could go to pee, I doubted my ability to last 1h to the house...

I fell asleep a little, hoping it would make time pass father. But to my great misfortune, I woke up 30 minutes later with a desire worse than before. My little sister had started to cry again, she needed to pee. I was relieved, I was finally going to be able to relieve myself too. My mother reassured her by telling her that they will stop soon and I took this comfort for myself. Because my bladder was torturing me, she was praying for relief. I hadn't been peeing since morning and even with an iron bladder, all the liquids I had drunk went straight into my bladder. I couldn't take it anymoren I had to piss and my parents would stop soon. The image of me, lowering my fly and taking out my penis wich releases torrents of hot urine made me even more frantic... "God they hurry up I can't take it anymore ! " I thought.

Finally, my parents stopped. They had not found a station so my little sister had to pee on the side of the road. My father laughed at the time wated. He was in a hurry to go home to rest and my sister's pressing desires were not welcome. I did'nt want to attract my father's wrath and then stayed in the car. I'll die for a piss and I saw my little sister pissing right next to me, between two doors. The noise of the pee against the ground made me squirm, wave of despair caught me and I felt the pee at the end of my penis. A drop crashed against the fabric of my pants. My god... I was going to pee on them if they didn't hurry.

My sister was finally finished and we were going back to the road. I was very thirsty and there was only half an hour before we got home. I then asked my mother for a bottle of fresh water, which I finished quickly, but the car ran over a bump and I spilled a little water on me, on my pants. The contact of ice water against my peni drove me crazy, a quirt of hot pee escaped, the another and soon my pee mixed with water. I leaned forward, breathing hard, stuggling not to hold myself. I did'nt want my family to know that I was on the verge getting upset ! But it was going to happen, I had to come back quickly.

Every turn, every shake was torture for my poor bladder. But I was soon going to be able to pee, liters of hot urine that I could finally spill. I was lots in thought when suddenly my father braked. It pushed the seat belt into my bladder and I couldn't hold pee in my pants. I instinctively leaned forward and slid my hand against my penis. I tried to pintch it so that it stopped peeing but I didn't succeed for 5 seconds. It was a torture I had tasted the sweet relief and now I'm forced to cut the flow. I would die for a piss and that 5 seconds squirt Hadn't relieved me.

My sister laughed at me, folded my hands in my pants in two.

"He needs to pee !" She shouted to my parents. I straightened up quickly.

"It's not true ! " I replied. "I just dropped water on my pants"

I didn't like anyone to know that I would die for a piss... it was shameful. I prefer to hold back until we're home.

The remaining 10 minutes were the longest in my life, the pee coolded against my legs and my penis and it drove me crazy. I had to pee so baaad.

My father parked outside our house. I had held on ! I managed to pass the rout without peeing ! But here's another problem, was I going to be able to get up without pissing on myself ? And how was I going to be able to go to the bathroom without looking hopeless ? All I wanted to do was run to the bathroom and relieve myself... and quickly !

This is the first fiction I write, and... I'm french so sorry for my mistakes haha

Do u want to know the end of story .... ?

*002*2020-05-07 14:52

{{27 minutes ago, RandomWetName said:

I like the story and would love to read how it ends!

Could you also describe what he wears? I always like reading that in fanfics too :3

}}

I will tell the rest of the story but it's already written so I'll try to describe wath is wearing without modifying the story too much. Also being a girl, it's quite new for me to write about a boy so give me you&#39;re opinion about that ^^

