My Sorority initiation (not my work)

Author: LucyDL

*007*2018-10-13 22:51

NOTES

> thanks to Garrus for finding the link to the original version of this story http://www.dailydiapers.com/content/stories/446.html

> this story contains wetting (pants and diapers)

> this story contains messing (diapers only and will have a warning beforehand)

> this story contains softcore sexual content

> i have added chapter markers to make it easier to read in multiple sittings (original didnt have them)

> this story has been heavily modified and adapted to my personal taste (some parts have been rewritten, some parts have been removed and some of my own content has been added)

I have a few other stories in cold storage in my data vault if you want to take a read

PART 2

>>>>>CHAPTER 6<<<<<

I wondered what could possibly happen next. Still, our sorority president was right. We were getting closer as sorority sisters and Jan and I were getting really tight too. I could not wait to talk to her about everything that we were experiencing together. I wanted to tell her how much everything was exciting me, but it was going to be embarrassing for me to admit these things. Somehow, I think Jan already knew that I was a willing participant. I wasn't sure if Jan liked wetting and diapers as much as I did. If someone would have proposed wetting myself or wearing diapers before this initiation, I would have thought he was crazy. I had learned so much about myself.

The sorority house was really hopping when we returned. Everyone was getting ready for the big night. This day of fun would never end! Each pledge was taken by her Mom to get dressed for the evening. I could only imagine what all of the pledges were going to be wearing. We knew that our costumes were going to be judged so our Moms wanted us to look our best. I knew that a diaper and my new collar were going to be part of my outfit, but I was anxious to learn what else had been selected for me to wear. I didn't have to wait long.

All of the pledges slept together in one large room when we were not in our dorm rooms. The room took up nearly the entire third floor. Our house Mother was a wonderful woman in her mid 40s and took good care of all of us. She had strung a clothesline across much of our room and after washing all of our clothes she hung them up to dry. What a sight to see. I got a kick out of seeing each of our names printed across the seat of our pants, preceded by the word "Baby." Next, Jan gathered several other items and stuffed them into the diaper bag that I bought during the scavenger hunt. Our sorority house Mother had embroidered our names on each of our diaper bags, so it was easy to tell the diaper bags apart. (Our sorority, housemother, Nancy, was an older woman, but she got into all of our sorority activities and tried to do her part.)

Jan carefully prepared me for the party. The sorority kept a number of baby items on hand from past initiations. (This was the third year that a baby theme was used for part of the initiation.) Jan instructed me to lie down on my bed while she went to a large chest to retrieve some items. She came back with three large disposable diapers; placed them together with slits placed in such a way that one diaper will overflow into the next one with the last one still being sealed, and laid them down next to me. She pulled off the vinyl shorts I was still wearing from the mall and had me scoot my butt onto the diapers. I presented a mild protest, but she would have none of it. She pulled the diapers up between my legs and taped them in place.

She asked me to stand so that she could inspect her work. Other girls were also getting ready in the room and I noticed that most of them stopped to look at me. Jan had me turn around in front of her. She was pleased with her work. I thought that one diaper had thick padding, but it was nothing compared to the three diapers I now wore. Jan then had me step into my leggings and she worked them up my legs. Past boyfriends always told me that I had a nice ass, but you would never have known it in my current state of dress. Jan completed my outfit by putting my leotard on over everything (last time i wore this was 2 years ago so it was extremely tight) to complete the gymnast look (which made my diapers 10X more visible than anything else i could wear). Finally, she fastened the pink, leather collar around my neck. The feeling and symbolism of wearing a collar sent shivers throughout my body.

I looked in the full-length mirror to get a better look at myself. I thought I looked ok apart from the obviously visible diaper If the object was to make us self-conscious of our looks, it certainly worked. Jan said, "see how cute you look."

"I bet Chris is going to love seeing you dressed this way." All I could think about was how embarrassing it was going to be to go to the sorority/fraternity party dressed in a diaper and gymnastics outfit.

Before heading to the party, we gathered to receive our final instructions and an inspection from Nicole, our sorority president. Nicole was not going to make anything easy on us. She chose me for a demonstration that was intended to frighten the hell out of all of us.

"Step forward, Baby Kimberly."

"Get down on all fours."

"I am going to demonstrate how each of you should obey when you are under the command of your handler."

"Your handler will be the person holding the end of your leash." She clipped the leash to my collar.

"Sit!" I was slow to react because I was not sure what it meant to sit.

"You stupid pledge." She yanked the leash back so that I was forced back on to my knees and hands in a sitting position.

"See how quick Kim has learned to sit on command?" She then gave a short jerk to the leash and it was obvious that she wanted me to crawl next to her as she walked.

"See that you keep close to me and stop when I stop!"

"And when I stop, you are to immediately sit back like a good dog would sit by her master." She really took me through a bunch of humiliating commands. Next, she took hold of a small ball and threw it across the room.

"Don't fetch until I tell you to fetch."

"OK, go get the ball, Kim." I did the best to crawl over to the ball and began to pick it up with my hands.

"Not with your hands stupid little girl!"

"Use your mouth and bring me the ball." It was difficult but I managed to lean down and take the ball in my mouth. Nicole was waiting for me with a sorority paddle.

"Drop the ball at my feet!"

"If you were not wearing so much padding on your butt, you would feel these whacks." Nicole proceeded to give me five whacks from the paddle, but it was more for show because it certainly did not physically hurt. However, I was almost crying from the humiliation.

Nicole addressed the pledges.

"So that none of you are tempted to make the same stupid mistake that Kim made, when she used her hands to pick up the ball, I am going to remove your ability to use your hands during the party."

"I think you will all feel a little more vulnerable and a lot more dependent on your sorority sisters if you are unable to use your hands."

"Besides, why would little babies like you girls need to use their hands anyway?" I think we all were thinking...how is she going to take away the use of our hands? Again, we never had to wait long for our questions to be answered.

Lucky me, Nicole continued to use me to demonstrate what she had in mind.

"Kim, give me your front paw...I mean hand," Nicole teased. She grabbed my hand while I was still sitting on the floor. She slipped a very large mitt over my hand and pulled it on like a boxing glove. In fact, it was very much like a boxing glove except the mitt was totally round. There were no individual holes for my fingers or my thumb. Two drawstrings were attached and she tied them in a knot just past my wrist. The mitt was pretty light and the surface was made out of leather or vinyl. I could not tell how the mitt was made on the inside, but it felt like my hand was in a beanbag. I could not directly feel the beans, because there was some type of lining inside the mitt. I could move my fingers and thumb, but only slightly. My hands were going to be useless to me in these mitts. Nicole put the other Mitt on me so that both of my hands were encased in the mitts. (I learned later that our housemother, Nancy, was "kind" enough to make these mitts for all of us girls.)

"Let's do another demonstration for your fellow pledges," Nicole barked to me.

"Crawl for the girls." It was easy for me to crawl. In fact, the mitts cushioned my hands.

"Now, Kim, I want you to crawl over to the closet door."

"Reach up, and open the door." I tried to turn the knob, but the mitts would not allow me to do even such an easy task as opening a door. Nicole asked me to remove my collar, but this too was impossible.

"See girls, Kim is going to need a lot of support from her 'handlers' tonight."

"She is totally helpless to do anything for herself." Nicole then instructed me to crawl back to her. As I crawled I could feel the leash dragging behind me between my legs. When I got back to Nicole, she said, "Kim is such a good little pledge." She then patted my head and put a small piece of candy in my mouth. I was furious, but I tried not to show my feelings. I simply took the piece of candy in my mouth and remained at Nicole's feet. I think all of us pledges had the same thought...how were we going to take care of any of our most basic needs at the party tonight? The room was very quiet and we all were in a minor panic. It had seemed that the sorority members had thought of everything to put sure terror into our minds. Each pledge was fitted with similar mitts on her hands so that we all could "experience a common bond."

Nicole was not done with her antics. She chose Heather, my team partner next.

"Pledges, you will remember that Heather thought she could ignore initiation rules and removed her diaper this morning."

"We have a special treat for Heather."

"Heather, please lay down on your back." I am going to ask a couple of my fellow sisters to hold Heather's arms and legs."

"Heather, this is for your own good, I don't want you kicking and getting yourself hurt." I could feel Heather's panic. Heather was "helped" onto her back by several of the sorority girls.

"Heather, you look so nice in your baby doll nightgown." Nicole instructed one of the sorority girls to remove Heather's plastic pants and disposable diaper. Heather was lying on the carpet trembling. Nicole proceeded to take Heather's diaper in her hand and she examined it.

"I see you have had no accidents."

"You are such a big girl, Heather."

"Let's see if we can change that!" With that, Nicole reached over and grabbed a tube of KY jelly. I could not believe what was happening. Nicole then emptied the entire tube of KY jelly into her diaper.

"Heather, how will it feel to have this KY jelly squish between your butt cheeks?" Heather offered no response. Nicole then instructed the sorority girls to re-diaper Heather while she was still being held down. The girls seemed to take a lot of pleasure in putting on Heather's diaper. They were very careful to put her diaper on as tight as it would go. At one point, they even pulled the diaper up higer on Heather's waist, before once again securing the tapes. Heather's leggings, showing "Baby Heather" on the back, were again pulled up Heather's legs until they secured her diaper. The girls released Heather's arms and legs. Nicole told Heather to stand.

"Please take a few steps, baby Heather." Heather took the steps, but tried to keep her legs spread while she walked.

"What is the matter, baby Heather...something unpleasant in your diaper?"

"If any of you other girls want to disobey the rules, you can enjoy a similar fate, or worse." Before Nicole was done, she reached down and playfully patted Heather's butt. This little demo had us all frightened to death. I was thinking that physical hazing of pledges may have ended, but this treatment was far worse.

Nicole sarcastically said, "Now that we have taken care of some business, I bet you are all anxious to go to the party."

"Have any of you wondered why your teams have been trying to accumulate points and what the points will be used for?"

"Let me explain."

"The two teams that have the lowest number of points by the end of tonight's party, will loose the baby contest."

"As such, six of you pledges will sleep tonight in the nursery."

"While we are at our 'fun party,' your wonderful housemother, Nancy, will be making up one of the rooms as a pretty little nursery for six little baby pledges."

"I will let your imagination run wild, but you can be sure that Nancy will make the nursery look real cute."

"For you six 'lucky' girls, you can count on a night in the nursery as an experience that you will never forget!"

"So in a way, by loosing the game, you get the memory of a lifetime...now that isn't so bad, is it?"

"Some of you may want to intentionally loose!" We all doubted that it would be to anyone's benefit to loose this contest.

Nicole always was sarcastic with us. The current point totals were given. Heather, Amy and I were in dead last place. We were determined that we would not stay in last place. Even though I had learned that being put into humiliating situations sexually excited me, I was not about to chance a night in "the nursery." I thought, what could the sorority girls possibly have in store for the poor contest losers? I was anxious to see Janet, so I was glad that we were finally ready to depart.

>>>>>CHAPTER 7<<<<<

The party was held at a combination bar/restaurant located in our college downtown area. The restaurant part of the building was closed and our sorority and big brother fraternity had reserved the entire place for the party. We were not told everything that was going to happen, but we knew there was going to be a style show (to show off our outfits), competitive games and a performance from a hypnotist. Virtually everything we participated in would bring us the valuable points that we so sorely needed.

The boys who were pledging the frat were supposed to be dressed as girls, but we learned that their fate had been delayed by one night. Once at the bar, we gathered in a side room to await the style show. As promised, each of our Moms held us firmly in place by our leashes. We had a brief chance to talk and several of us whispered about how we wanted to try and escape our fate. We were immediately told to "shut-up" and our leashes were pulled to make sure that we got the point.

The style show was explained to us. All we had to do is go up on stage and "strut our stuff." I had done plenty of modeling, so I was accustomed to going up in front of people. Boy would this be different! I never did any modeling at the end of a leash nor in diapers!!! We were brought up to the stage and paraded around one at a time. I thought that all my fellow pledges looked very beautiful even if we were dressed so kinky. I knew that I had very tough competition as I looked at the other girls. Baby Amy was called up on stage. Normally rock groups performing at the bar used this stage. All of us were either referred to as "baby

###

" or "pledge

###

." Amy was dressed as "baby new years," complete with a sash that said "Baby New Year." Amy wore what looked like several cloth diapers, but she wasn't wearing any pants. Looking around, I think Amy was probably the only one who was not wearing pants, but then I couldn't see under all of the pledge's outfits. If things continued as they had all day, I thought to myself that Amy could be really in an embarrassing situation if she was made to wet her diapers with no outer covering to conceal her problem. Amy turned like a pro on stage. One thing about Amy, she was not shy! She put in a great performance.

I was called up next with my "handler-Jan." I thought I needed to do everything that I could to impress the judges and score some extra points for our team. I worked out a scenario ahead of time with Jan. I was going to ham it up on stage and I asked her to play along. Thankfully she agreed because I was not the one calling the shots. When I went up on stage, I pretended to try and pull away from Jan's tight grasp of my leash. I had always heard that guys get turned on when women fight each other, so I thought I would play up this angle for the judges.

There was a mock struggle for control between Jan and I, and at one point, we were actually wrestling on the stage floor. The guys and girls in the audience were going nuts. The struggle ended when Jan grabbed my leash and yanked me off of my feet. As I lay in front of her, she took the other end of the leash and gave me a mock whipping. All the time, people were clapping and yelling their approval. When the judges held up their scorecards, I had obtained the highest score possible in the style show, perfect 10s across the board.

I don't have time to go into all of the outfits that my fellow pledges were wearing, but some were exceptional. I think the threat of finishing in the last two teams was driving a lot of behavior on stage. With the beer flowing freely, we were all pretty relaxed and really enjoyed ourselves. Heather also did a fine job showing off and playing to the audience. She was introduced as jelly butt over the bar's PA system. It seemed that everyone knew that Heather had a big lump of KY jelly in her diaper. The guys teased her relentlessly by giving her lots of friendly pats on her butt. When Heather finished her performance on stage we had moved up several places in the team standings, but the style show was not over.

One of the newest pledges and the only one from japan, Kasumi, was dressed in a very sexy French Maid's outfit. By far, this was my favorite costume. (I have always loved dressing up for Halloween parties.) she had on frilly panties that were peaking out from under her short maid's outfit. Like my backside, Kasumi's butt was showing the obvious signs of a diaper under her panties. Kasumi knew how to work the crowd. It was difficult for her with the restrictive mitts on her hands, but she managed to work one of her breasts out and flashed it to the crowd. Everyone went wild. Needless to say, Kasumi and her team also received a perfect score. Our team was second from the bottom after the style show, but there were still additional opportunities ahead to score points. We were still very hopeful that we would not finish as one of the bottom two teams.

It was a college party so there was always plenty of beer to drink. There was one problem for us pledges. We could not pick up a glass of beer while wearing our mitts. Of course, our Greek Moms seemed to think of everything and packed the baby bottles from the scavenger hunt in our diaper bags. I was sitting at Jan's feet while she and Chris sat at one of the tables. She still had a hold of my leash. She passed the end of my leash to Chris in order to fill the baby bottle up with beer. when handing me the bottle, Jan looked down into my eyes and said, "It is so nice to have such a pretty girl at the end of a leash."

"I wonder if my baby is going to need her diaper changed tonight?" When Jan talked to me this way, I melted. (For some of you reading this, you may not understand, but when I am kept "in my place," it is a real turn-on.) the bottle was very difficult to drink from at first. Jan gave me permission to drink and I awkwardly brought the bottle to my mouth, struggling not to drop the bottle out of my enclosed hands. Once I got the bottle to my lips it was easy to suck down the beer. I wanted to make sure that I got a little drunk so that I could overcome all of the embarrassment I was experiencing.

Jan reached down, and put her hand down between my legs and squeezed the front of my diaper. She casually said to Chris, "Our little Kimberly is still dry." Chris replied, "Let's increase her liquids, we would not want Kimberly to be thirsty." It was so humiliating to be talked about in this manner. I did not offer any protest, for fear of what evils might be up their sleeves, but I was again wondering if there was a way to escape. In my heart I knew there was no way to escape my feelings for Jan, but I thought if I could escape, I could show her that I was not going to be a "pushover."

I did not know if escape was going to be possible given my restrictive situation, but I was always looking for an opportunity to get out from under the control of my handlers. If I couldn't escape, I thought I would not go down easy. I wanted to create a little ruckus. I don't know what made me do it, but I stood up and then sat down in one of the chairs at the table. Jan and Chris were flabbergasted by my bold move. Jan spoke first.

"What in the hell do you think you are doing little girl?"

"Who said you could sit on a chair at our table?"

"There are punishments for disobedient girls like you."

"Jan, what do you think if we give baby Kimberly a "time out" for her bad behavior?"Chris asked, Jan responded, "I think that is a wonderful idea." With that, Chris grabbed the baby bottle from my hands and Jan gave me a yank on my leash to make me get up and start walking. The leash was extremely effective at controlling me. I followed her up to the stage and she made a general announcement to everyone that "we have a very disobedient pledge here that needs some discipline." She asked for one of the highchairs to be brought in from the attached restaurant. A wooden highchair was brought up on stage by one of the guys.

I provided a struggle (the beer was helping me be assertive), but Jan had no trouble placing me into the highchair. As soon as I was seated, Jan quickly snapped the tray into place. There was a little leather strap on the chair and that too was quickly buckled around my waist. Jan said, "Now that should keep you safe...I wouldn't want you to fall out and hurt yourself." I kept up a mild struggle. Since the highchair was obviously made for kids, I was really wedged into the chair, and this kept my movements to a minimum. I tried to undo the tray, but the mitts would not allow me to release the tray nor undo the belt. I kicked my legs like I was having a tantrum.

"This behavior is exactly why you need to be disciplined little girl." Everyone was laughing at my expense. I finally calmed down and Jan put a full baby bottle of beer on the tray and told me to "drink up."

There I was...sitting on a stage in my favorite college bar, wearing a diaper, and sitting in a highchair. I bet if my parents could have seen how their money was being spent on me to attend college, they would have died. All of my commotion and kicking made me have to pee. There was no way Chris or Jan was going to let me use the restroom after my little performance. I guess I was not drinking my beer fast enough, because Jan lifted the bottle to my mouth and ordered me to drink. She didn't take the bottle away until she finished feeding me the entire baby bottle of beer. She didn't stop. She got another bottle, but this time it was filled with just plain juice. She was careful not to get me too drunk, but it was obvious to me that she wanted to fill me with liquids. When that bottle was finished she had me drink another bottle, but with beer this time.

The pressure to pee was getting intense. I thought that I would secretly wet myself so that I would feel better. It was not easy for me to pee into my diaper. My muscles would not relax enough to let go. Jan was still feeding me my bottle and I closed my eyes for a moment. In my mind I pretended that I was sitting on a toilet. That really seemed to help. I was able to relax my muscles enough to get a quick burst of pee. Wow, did that feel good! I immediately tensed up and stopped the flow, but that would help for now. Instinctively I tried to look down to see if there was any wet spot between my legs, but the highchair tray blocked my view. I thought that my secret would be OK for now because I only went a little and I was wearing three large diapers and plastic pants. Never before was I grateful for having diapers on.

There were several games that were played that night at the party. All were designed to humiliate the pledges. I was not allowed to participate in the early games because I was kept locked in my highchair. I did have a good view of the games, however. There was a tricycle race that was fun to watch. There was also a drinking contest using baby bottles and a crawling race. One of the most hilarious games was a diaper-changing contest. For this contest, three pledges were selected to be the recipients of a diaper change.

Since this was not an X-rated show, the three girls were allowed to go into the women's room and change into swimsuits. They were brought up to the stage and were told to lie down on mats. Three lucky guys were selected to diaper the girls (over there bathing suits). As you can imagine, the guys wanted to remove the suits, but they were being somewhat respectful. Each guy was given a diaper to place on his female partner. Once diapered, the three girls were sprayed with water. It was just plain fun.

I was finally allowed out of the highchair. Jan grabbed my leash and walked me around to mingle with people.

I had gotten the hang of controlling the immense pressure from my bladder by learning how to release my pee and then quickly tightening my muscles to stop the flow. I thought that this would be the best way to stay somewhat comfortable, but not have a full or leaky diaper. Looking back, it was actually kind of fun. I would be standing right amongst all of my sorority and fraternity friends and would give myself "a little squirt." It was so naughty. It was an extreme turn-on for me to have this secret little pleasure.

The more I drank, the more I had to let a little more pee escape into my waiting diaper. Jan continued to pull me around on my leash as she visited with others in the bar. We finally got a few moments alone. Jan hugged me and told me how much she loved me. That was exactly what I was waiting to hear. I was in love!. I told her that I had a tremendous climax when she messaged my wet diaper. I told her that this was all so new to me, but I was so happy that we were experiencing these new sensations together.

I was really fidgeting and Jan sensed that I had to pee. She held me extra tight and told me to wet my diaper. If she only knew how wet I already was...

"Anything for you." I told her. I spread my legs a little and began to pee into my diaper. She told me to describe to her how it felt as I peed. I did my best to put the feelings into words. I was thankful that Jan held me tight or I would have fallen over. The beer helped me do the talking.

"I am wetting my diaper now...It feels so warm next to my skin...I can feel the wetness travel throughout my diaper...It feels so naughty...so nice."

"It feels like there is a small pool that has formed in the front of my diaper before soaking in." Jan reached between my legs and gently massaged the crotch of my gymnastics outfit to see how wet I was. she said, "My baby girl is very wet."

"I can feel a puddle under your pants." I was worried that if I took a step, it would cause me to leak pee down my legs. Chris said, "You have been a good girl."

"It is time to get your diaper changed."

When we got in the restroom, I saw several other pledges were also brought there to be cleaned up and changed. Jan helped me remove my leotard and leggings before telling me to lie down on my back on top of a counter that was especially made to change babies. It was only about four feet long, so when I got up on the counter top, I had to bend my legs to make myself fit.

Jan had me raise my butt momentarily so that she could place a towel under me.

"Now let's see how wet baby Kimberly is."

"Wow Kimberly is really wet." I tried to say something, but Jan shoved a pacifier in my mouth and told me to shut up while I was being changed. Several of the sorority sisters came over to watch and help Jan. I was totally humiliated, but I wanted out of my wet diaper too. Jan was very condescending to me as she went through the diaper change.

"I thought you were drinking a little too much."

"You should have told me that you needed to use the toilet so that you didn't have to wet your diaper." I spit the pacifier out of my mouth and told her she was full of shit! That was a mistake, I thought. Jan said, "Later tonight you will pay for that remark, little girl!" Jan removed my three wet diapers. The girls powdered me and then taped a new disposable diaper on me. I got off of the changing table, i was redressed and we left the restroom.

I walked out into the bar and Chris then told me that he had reserved a spot for me in the evening's next scheduled event.

Note: The hypnotist's demonstration occurred next. I was one of the participants so I have asked Jan to describe what happened.

It was only one day out of hell week that the pledges were to experience "diaper humiliation," but what a day. First I want to say that Kim is an absolute dream and I couldn't be happier. She is an unbelievable knockout and I love the way we have been able to share our deepest desires, feelings and fantasies. She is the best thing that has ever happened to me. Now, back to the party.

I knew from last year's party, that the hypnotist was great at getting the pledges to do all kinds of silly and embarrassing things. I wanted to see Kim hypnotized, so I made sure that she was one of the girls selected. There are no guarantees that a subject will be able to be hypnotized, but out of the group of pledges, Kim and three other girls were able to "go under." One of the girls was Amy, Kim's teammate. The other two girls were Judy and Bridget. Amy was still dressed as "Baby New Year," complete with her cloth diaper. Judy was wearing a nurse's outfit that was on the kinky side and Bridget was dressed as a "biker-girl" in a short, black, rubber skirt. You could tell by the outfits that our fraternity had something to do with the selection of the costumes. All of the girls looked great.

The Hypnotist's name was Tom and he was really good at creating a lot of fun. (At the girls expense I must add.) The girls were hypnotized off stage and then brought out for the "show." Tom started by having the girls imagine that they were little toddlers. They were told that they could not speak in full sentences yet. He had them sit in the center of the stage and he had them believe that they were all sharing a playpen together and they could not crawl away. Tom put a toy between the girls and suggested to them that they all wanted the toy to play with. It was funny to watch them all try to fight for the toy, but none of them could pick it up with their mitts on. Amy even started crying at one point when the toy was taken from her by one of the other girls. We all were laughing hysterically.

Tom then proceeded to set up another scenario for the girls. He had them all sit on bar stools facing the crowd. Through the power of hypnosis, Tom had them imagine that they were all seated on an airplane. He went into great detail how they had to stay seated with their seatbelts on because the flight was experiencing turbulence. He went on to suggest that the girls had had far too much to drink and they were getting antsy in their seats. Tom described the feeling in detail...

"Girls, you have been drinking coffee all morning and you need to use the bathroom real bad...you are extremely uncomfortable and you can not wait until the pilot turns off the seatbelt sign...you feel like you are about to explode...you start to rock back and forth in your seats...you try crossing and uncrossing your legs, but nothing relieves the uncomfortable pressure." As Tom provided the girls with these suggestions, the girls responded by doing everything he said. Everyone in the bar was very quiet and watching with amazement as the girls struggled in "their airplane seats." Tom continued, ..."Girls, I want you to imagine a time when you struggled to not wet your pants."

"You are now struggling with everything you have not to wet your pants on the plane."

"You try and hold in your pee by placing your hand on your crotch and pushing hard against your bladders." The girls were all holding themselves and rocking back and forth on the barstools.

"Feel the embarrassment if you wet your pants in front of all of the passengers." Amy again started to cry a little.

"You realize that you can not hold it any longer...do you all know this feeling girls?" They all responded, "Yes, yes." Tom went on..."Girls I want you to lean back in your seats, put your feet up and hold your knees."

"Spread your legs and wiggle your knees back and forth in a last ditched effort to keep yourself dry."

"The plane hits a terrible bump and you are frightened by this."

"You know that the plane is fine, but this sudden scare makes you have to pee even that much more."

"Girls, I want you to beg me to allow you to wet yourselves to end your extreme discomfort." The girls responded, "Please, please." Tom made them ask to wet themselves.

"Please may I wet myself...please," the girls kept chanting. Tom told the girls, "On the count of 5, you may push your pee out as fast as you can." Tom counted slowly until he got to 5. At the same time, all four girls pushed and gave a sigh of relief.

It was most evident what was happening to Amy because she wore a plain cloth diaper. She was trying desperately to push her pee out as fast as she could. Right in front of our eyes we all witnessed Amy's diaper instantly turn from dry to soaking wet. I spent careful attention looking at Kim. Kim was wearing a disposable diaper, but with her feet on the barstool it was easy to see her exposed plastic crotch area of the diaper. There was a blue "wetness indicator" on Kim's diaper and it turned color indicating that Kim had wet her diaper. Judy and Bridget just sat there like they were frozen. It is hard to explain, but you should have seen the look of relief on their faces as they sat perfectly still and peed in their diapers.

Tom then went on to make them go a little further into the experience. He told the girls, "You have all wet yourselves and you are embarrassed by this...you are afraid of being discovered and you try to hide yourselves with your hands."

"The plane seat is soaking wet and you try to raise up off of the seat, but the seatbelt is holding you down." The girls responded with each of Tom's commands. They were making such weird faces and movements. Finally, Tom ended the demonstration and brought the girls out the hypnotic trance. He told the girls that they would not remember what happened to them. The crowd cheered forever. I went up to Kim and took her in my arms. She immediately realized that her diaper was wet and asked me how it happened. I asked Kim if she remembered an airplane flight and she responded "no." It was truly amazing; I wish I had a tape of the plane ride to share with Kim.

Back to Kim's Account

Even though I don't remember what happened while I was hypnotized, it was still very embarrassing to know that I made such a spectacle out of myself. I think the four of us took our humiliation very well considering what happened and our sorority sisters sure made us feel better by telling us how we were going to be great to have in the sorority. That was a good sign.

The party was about to end and it was time to announce the final point totals. I knew that we were doomed, because I had spent most of the competition locked in a highchair and unable to earn points for our team. I still had thoughts of escaping my predicament, but I didn't see any way out. I was never left alone or off of my leash. The team scores were announced and it was no surprise to learn that Amy, Heather and I would be spending a night in the nursery with three other pledge sisters. This would not have worried me, if the sorority girls had not made such a big thing out of it. I thought, how bad could sleeping in a nursery be after what all of us girls had been through?

Our sorority president, Nicole, told all of us (pledges) how proud she was of us. It helped us to hear her say that everything that happened tonight had also happened to all of them during their initiations. Like all of hell week, Nicole reminded us not to tell anyone about our experiences. We were also told that we would all have the opportunity to participate as "non-babies" in future years. That sounded good to me. It would be fun to see other pledges go through what we had to experience.

Nicole announced the good news.

"All of the pledges may have your mitts removed."

"For those lucky pledges who will be spending a night in the nursery, please come back here once your Moms have removed your mitts. Well, I thought to myself...at least my mitts were being removed.

Jan took me by my leash back to the lady's room. She removed my mitts and proceeded to massage my wet diaper again while I was still in a standing position.

"Wow, you are wet again!" Jan announced in a very loud voice. Always trying to embarrass me, I thought. It was a good feeling to be able to wiggle my fingers again. I began to reach up for my collar and remove it like many of the other pledges had already done.

"Not allowed." Jan said.

"The six pledges going back to the nursery will have to wear their collars and stay on their leashes, at least until we all get back to the sorority house." I then noticed that only those of us slated for a night in the nursery were kept in our collars. I asked to use the toilet while we were still in the restroom. Jan said, "You just wet your diaper, do you need to go again?" I explained that I had had a lot to drink and I desperately needed to use the bathroom. Jan's response was to give a short jerk to my leash and start to head towards the door leading out of the restroom.

Without the mitts on, I was able to provide some resistance before we left the restroom. I tried to grab the leash from Jan's hand, but she must have been expecting this move and pulled tight on the leash. (I had never worn a collar, obviously, and I was stunned by the control Jan could command over me.) I was led, almost choking as we exited the restroom. All six pledges that were doomed for the night in the nursery were assembled to hear Nicole's instructions.

Nicole's instructions were brief.

"Your Dad's and/or Moms will take you back to the sorority house."

"I have asked each of them to keep you in your collars and to keep tight control on you by your leashes. In the past, we have had pledges try and escape, so I am taking no chances with you girls. Nicole finished by saying; "We will see you back at the sorority house so that you can be properly tucked in for the night." With that Jan again yanked my leash and I followed her out of the bar.

>>>>>CHAPTER 8<<<<<

Waiting outside was a long stretch limo that Chris had reserved for our losing pledge team and our Moms and Dads. We were all pretty drunk so it was a good thing we had transportation. It was the largest limousine I had every ridden in, but it was still crowded. Amy, Heather, and I were ordered to sit on the carpeted floor of the limousine. I sat at Jan's feet with my hands rapped around her legs. She kept patting my head and running her hands through my hair. She never let go to the end of my leash. I felt like Jan owned me. Strangely, this was not at all a bad feeling. I wished we were alone.

We were pulling away from the bar and Heather asked to use the restroom. She seemed desperate.

"Girls you should of thought about that before we left," Jan said. I of course told her in a harsh voice that we did tell her, but that we were not allowed to use the toilet.

"Too bad girls," Chris said. I am not sure whose idea it was, but we ended up going through a drive-thru restaurant, and three large drinks were ordered for Amy, Heather and myself. We told them how cruel they were, but our Moms and Dads just laughed at us, and told us to "drink up." We tried to sip the drinks slowly, but they held the cups up to our mouths and forced us to guzzle the entire drinks. Having so much to drink made us all have to pee all of the time. I would pee, and 20 minutes later I had to pee again.

We got back to the sorority house and those of us destined for the nursery were given a chance to clean up before getting ready for bed. Chris and Jan had removed my collar from around my neck. It was a relief to not have the leather collar on, but secretly I had enjoyed being under the control that the collar and leash had over me. (I was hoping that I would get the chance to be Jan's pet in the future.) It was now pretty late in the evening and I was tired. All six of us pledges were in our robes and waiting to be brought up to the "nursery."

Our sorority Moms and some of the sorority sisters escorted us to a room on the second floor. We came up to a locked door that had a sign that read "Nursery." I looked around at my fellow pledges to see their reactions, but I did not see Heather.

"It is time to put our baby pledges to bed," Nicole said. Just before we entered the room, Nicole and others noticed Heather's absence. Several of the girls ran off to find Heather. Had she tried to escape I wondered. The door to the nursery was opened and we were forcefully pushed into the room. I could not believe my eyes. It truly was a nursery! Nicole took over, "Welcome to your new home for tonight little babies...I mean pledges."

Our housemother, Nancy, had decorated the room. The wallpaper was just like you would see in a baby's room. The most amazing items were the beds. There were six identical beds all lined up against the wall and they looked like cribs that babies would sleep in, only a little larger. (I learned much later that the beds had been in our sorority for years and originally came from the pediatrics ward at our campus hospital. The beds were once used for bed races during the annual sorority/fraternity competition that our sorority house participated in. The wheels had since been removed and the beds were no longer used, at least for racing.)

We all kept staring at the cribs. They were made out of metal and had bars on all four sides. The beds were open on top just like a baby's crib. Nancy had made cute little signs with our names on them and hung a sign on each bed. Mine said "Baby Kimberly." I walked over to my crib to get a better look. One of the sorority girls had removed some of my stuffed animals from my dorm room and placed them in my crib. There was also a blanket placed in each crib that had little teddy bears on it. I reached into the crib and felt the crib sheet. I don't know why, but I was a little surprised to find that it was a fitted plastic sheet and not a cotton sheet that had been placed on the mattress. All of the beds were set up the same. The setting looked like a cute baby ward. Unfortunately, this baby ward was made for us.

Nicole told us, "OK babies it is getting late and it looks like you are all very interested in hopping into your cribs."

"Your Moms and Dads have been so kind to pick out your pajamas from the ones purchased during the scavenger hunt."

"I want each of you to lie down next to your crib." All I could think of was getting to bed, so I sat down. The Moms were instructed to get us dressed for bed. Jan had me remove my robe and she walked over with a pile of diapers. The shock of being diapered had not worn off and I was appalled at what was happening to me. I knew that it was no use to fight if I wanted to join the sorority. Besides, I had already endured so much, why quit now. Jan took what looked like three or four large disposable diapers, and laid them next to me.

"Lift your butt onto the diapers baby Kimberly."

"That's a good girl."

"You are getting so good at being still while you are diapered." I glared at her. She taped the diapers on extra tight and examined her work.

"I don't want you getting your bed all wet"

"You are being such a good girl." I wanted to slap Jan, but I knew she was just playing the part and trying to humiliate me as much as possible.

Next, Jan showed me the yellow, sleeper-styled pajamas I would be wearing. It was a one-piece pajama outfit. She worked the attached "footies" over my feet and pulled the pajamas up my legs. I put my arms in the sleeves and she zipped up the zipper that was on the back of my pajamas.

"You look so cute...let me take you over to the mirror so you can see how you look." I started to stand up and she pushed me down.

"Crawl over to the mirror, little baby." Jan helped me up when I had reached the mirror. I got to admit that the pajamas looked cute on me, but they made me feel so much like a baby. When I stood I realized just how thick my diapers were. I had to stand with my legs spread apart just to accommodate the bulk between my legs. Jan sensed what I was going through and said, "You will appreciate your diapers if you have any accidents during the night." I gave her one of my patented stares. She walked me back over to my crib and kissed me. I must have looked so funny trying to walk.

All of the pledges had been diapered and put into their pajamas. Except for Heather, we all waited by our cribs for one last inspection from Nicole. Just then Heather was led into the room by several of the sorority girls. Heather had tried to sneak out but was caught. Nicole was obviously mad at Heather, but I was shocked that Nicole didn't paddle her or do something else to humiliate her. Heather was quickly dressed for bed like the rest of us.

Nicole came over to me first for my inspection.

"She looks great, Jan, you did a nice job of getting baby Kimberly ready for bed." I could feel my face turn red. Nicole had me turn around. She took a slim chain and placed it around my neck. It looked like a nice piece of jewelry, but it was a little too sturdy looking for most necklaces. I thought something was up and I was right. Nicole snapped a lock on the chain so that it was secured around my neck. What I didn't know at first was that the lock was also secured to the zipper on the back of my pajamas. When she put the necklaces on the rest of the pledges, I could see exactly what was happening. We were all being locked into our pajamas! This reminded me of being locked into my jeans earlier at the mall and I was totally humiliated by that experience.

Nicole told each of the Moms to help us into our cribs. Stepping into the crib was made a little easier because there was a side gate that was lowered to help us get in. I sat down on the plastic sheet and Jan immediately raised the side gate back into position. Nicole ordered all of us to lie down in our cribs. What a strange feeling of humiliation. I looked out between the bars into the room. I could not fully extend my legs because the bed was obviously built for a child. Thankfully, it was larger than a baby's crib. I am not sure why, but I distinctly remember the feeling of the plastic sheet under me. It added to the feeling of being a "total baby" who needed to sleep on plastic sheets so she would not ruin the bed. I was still feeling a little tipsy from the bar, especially lying down in the crib.

Nicole explained to us what she was calling "good news."

"In the past the babies were always secured to their cribs so they would not wonder around the house at night."

"You will be glad to know that the University will not allow us to chain you to your cribs for fire reasons."

"So each of you will be fitted with a chain around your ankle and the other end will be attached to this alarm." Nicole held up a small looking device. (It was the kind of security alarm that many of us carried in our purses. By removing the ring from the device, a loud noise would sound.) It happened so quickly. One end of a light chain was locked around my ankle and the other end was placed through the bars of my crib. All six pledges had one of their ankles similarly attached. I noticed that the six chains ended at the same place - the alarm.

"You will notice that if any of you babies try to crawl out of your cribs, your ankle chain will remove the ring on the alarm, setting it off."

"The problem is, if the alarm is set off, we have no way of telling which baby set it off because all of your chains are connected to the same alarm."

"You may all need to be punished severely if this were to happen." I thought about how much ingenuity was used to humiliate the hell out of us.

A tray of baby bottles was brought into the nursery. Nicole told us, "I want each of you to drink a bottle of milk before you drift off to sleep so that you don't get thirsty during the night."

"If I come in and you have not finished your bottle, you will be punished."

"Is that clear?" Baby bottles were given to each of us. Mine was yellow. I suddenly remembered what Chris said, "Don't drink from the blue baby bottle." I looked around and I saw that Heather was given a blue bottle. I didn't dare warn her in front of all of the sorority members. Besides, what was I warning her about, I thought to myself. A baby monitor was turned on as well as a nightlight. All of the Moms told us goodnight and the door to the nursery was closed.

None of us spoke at first. I think we were all in shock. Earlier I didn't know what the big deal was about spending a night in "the nursery," but I was beginning to know its true meaning. The whole experience was set up to totally humiliate us and it was working. I was lying on my back and reached back to test my locked necklace and zipper. Like everything else, it was well thought out and could not be removed. It dawned on me that I was locked into my diapers. There was no way in the one-piece pajamas that I would be able to get at my diapers. And even if I did get to my diapers, then what was I to do? I couldn't change myself.

I couldn't get out of my crib with out setting off the alarm and getting all of us in trouble. I began to feel trapped, almost like I was in a cage. I think this was the first time that I realized how much I loved the feeling of being secured. Being forced to be a baby, allowed me to give myself permission to be someone else. It was freeing. I was getting into this roll playing. I picked up the baby bottle and began to drink it. My hand slipped down to my diaper and I instinctively tried to touch my private area. I laughed at myself. The diapers were so thick that I could not have masturbated if my life depended on it. This too made me horny. It was like wearing a chastity belt, only made out of diapers.

>>>>>CHAPTER 9<<<<<

I kept thinking of Jan and I wondered if she liked this role-playing as much as I did. Again I laughed at myself. I don't think we were supposed to like this! Once again my bladder was taking control of my body and I knew that I was going to have to pee. I also knew from all of my wet experiences earlier in the day, that I loved the feeling of wetting myself. Still I was unable to admit this to myself. I tried to ignore the pressure in my bladder, but it was useless. Besides, with all of the fluids we had to drink throughout the day, the pressure would only get worse. I couldn't go to sleep without relieving myself. I also was not sure if we were going to receive a diaper change during the night, so I was concerned about having to sleep in a wet diaper.

The decision to wet was made for me. I had just finished my bottle and was taking in the whole experience. The pressure was so strong and my muscles were not about to hold my pee any longer. I placed both of my hands between my legs, over my diapered pajamas and began to wet myself. Maybe it was being in the crib, or being locked in my pajamas, but the feeling was fantastic. Unlike earlier in the day when I was so ashamed, I just enjoyed the experience. My diaper kept getting wetter and wetter as I continued to pee. Instinctively I worried about wetting my crib and pajamas, but the thick diapers were doing their job. There were no leaks and I was relieved.

It was amazing to me how this experience brought back a memory of wetting the bed when I was a child. I was older; probably 13, and I had wet the bed during my sleep. I was shocked by what had happened and I remember waking abruptly. My Mom came into my room and scolded me for what I had done. I remembered her saying that she was going to put me in diapers if I couldn't wake up to use the bathroom. She never did put me in diapers, but it was very humiliating at 13 to have my Mom talk to me in this manner. That experience was probably the first time I ever thought about being forced to wear a diaper.

I decided to roll over on to my stomach because I could not sleep very well on my back. I carefully turned in my crib so that my ankle chain would not set off the alarm. I managed just fine. There was no pillow in the crib so I laid my head directly on the plastic crib sheet. Not real comfortable, but it was effective at reminding me were I was being kept for the night. Plastic has a distinct smell and feel and this too made me feel like such a little baby. I shifted a little on the smooth sheet. I found that I was enjoying squirming in my diaper. The motion of my body made my wet diaper feel so good between my legs. The other girls were in their cribs right next to mine, so I had to be very discrete with my movements.

I decided to make myself pee again so that I could have a comfortable sleep. All I had to do is give a little push and I again started to pee into my diaper. I continued to squirm on my stomach as I peed. I could not help myself. I continued a rocking motion and used the thickness of my wet diaper to get myself worked up. My diaper was so warm and wet with my pee. The feeling was so erotic and I could tell that I was going to climax. I no longer worried if the whole world knew what I was doing because my body had taken over. I continued to grind my crotch even harder into my diaper and I exploded into a fantastic orgasm.

I had trouble getting my composure back, but Amy asked if I was all right and I was brought back to reality rather quickly. I told her I was fine...just trying to get comfortable. She said, "I wish I could get comfortable like that." I realized that I probably put on a show for Amy and maybe some of the others too. How embarrassing. I drifted off to sleep.

>>>>>WARNING MESSING<<<<<

I am not sure how long I was sleeping, but I woke up when I heard Heather's groans. It took me a moment to realize where I was. It shocked me to see that I was lying in a crib and then the night's activities all came back to me. Heather was in one of the cribs next to mine. I peered through the bars and saw that Heather was up on her hands and knees. I was not sure if she was crying or just making a groaning noise. I asked her if she was all right. Heather responded, "I am in terrible pain."

"I need to poop so badly." I thought...the poor girl. I remembered the blue baby bottle she was given to drink and how Chris told me not to drink from the blue bottle. I was sure that Heather was given the blue bottle because of her failed escape attempt. It must have had a laxative mixed in with the milk.

I couldn't really do anything to comfort Heather while both of us were confined to our cribs. Still, I tried to offer some comforting words. Heather continued to groan. I asked her if she were able to poop, would she feel better. She responded, "I would feel much better, but I can't poop in a diaper." Heather was either crying out of embarrassment or pain, I could not tell which. I was not sure what to say, but ended up telling her that it was OK to dirty her diaper.

"I can't, I can't," she insisted. Heather was now holding the top of the crib and resting on her knees. I could tell that she was trying to bend over to relieve the pain. I asked her if she wanted to climb out of her crib and run to the bathroom. She responded, "If I get out of this crib, we will all be in trouble and I don't want that to happen."

"Besides, I know that I am already in trouble with the sorority and I can't risk another incident." Her groaning got louder. I told her everything would be OK and I again told her that everyone would understand if she had to poop in her diaper. I could tell that the drug was taking more control and she would not be able to hold back much longer.

All of the girls were now awake and they too offered Heather sympathy. We told Heather we were in this together and we would support her decision to either crawl out of her crib or stay and mess her diaper. Heather told us that she could not bring us all down and had decided to stay. Amy was probably the closest friend to Heather and began to talk Heather through the awful experience.

"Heather, try to relax as much as possible...stay on your knees and push." Heather did exactly what Amy said. It was really an awful sight to see a grown woman hunched over and trying to poop herself. I felt so sorry for her. Heather continued to push and cry at the same time. It took a minute, but Heather was finally able to poop. You could tell that she was very relieved and very embarrassed.

None of us said anything at first. The smell in the room said it all. It was at that moment that we all became a little terrified by what we had witnessed. Heather tried to apologize for her actions. We tried to reassure her that she had no choice in the matter. The sorority girls must have been listening to us on the baby monitor because they chose this exact time to come in to check on us.

"So, why aren't you sleeping little girls?" Nicole asked.

"Oh, did baby Heather have a little problem?"

"Did you go poo, poo in your diapers, Heather?" Nicole played it up as usual. She then asked how many of us needed a diaper change. None of us were quick to admit that we needed to be changed.

>>>>>MESSING FINISHED<<<<<

"Well if none of you need to be changed, I will just turn off the light and we will leave you alone." Amy spoke up.

"I need to be changed." We all finally admitted that we were wet. Nicole teased us, "It seems that this year's pledges are truly little babies."

The Moms were given the task of changing our diapers. When Jan came over to my crib she told me that she was going to make good on her earlier threat.

"What threat?" I asked. She said, "I told you in the bar that you would regret your behavior."

"I am not changing your diaper!"

"Please!" I begged. My diaper had become so incredibly wet and heavy and it no longer felt very good to have it wrapped around my most intimate spot. I begged her to change me, but she said I needed to learn to respect the sorority sisters more and that i can stay in it until morning.

I watched the other pledges get their diapers changed. I was jealous. It was no longer enjoyable or funny to be in the nursery. I wanted out. What made things worse is I had to pee again. I was sitting in my crib feeling sorry for myself. Nicole and the other sorority sisters finally told us goodnight and walked out of the nursery. I put my head down again on the plastic sheet and tried to get back to sleep. Before I could fall asleep, I needed to wet to relieve the pressure. I finally succumbed to my need and let loose into my waiting diaper.

I was particularly upset that I was being forced to wet my diapers. There was nothing I could do but simply fill my diapers with pee. I was in agony and wanted out of my diapers. I tried to pull the diapers away from my body through my pajama-sleeper I was wearing, but it was useless. The diapers just hugged me like a second skin. This is when I realized a pleasure/pain... Morning would not come early enough, I thought. I finally drifted off to sleep.

The next morning many of the sorority sisters and even a few of the fraternity guys greeted us in the nursery. Jan came over and said, "How is my little Kimberly this morning?"

"Did you sleep well?"

"OK," I answered.

"But I missed you." Janet lowered the gate on the crib and unlocked the chain from my ankle. She helped me out of the crib.

"I missed you too Kim...I thought about what you went through during the night." When she lifted me out of the crib we both noticed that my pajamas were wet. It seemed that my diapers were not able to hold all of my pee. I was embarrassed.

"Don't worry Kim, when we are together, I will make sure you are properly diapered." I tried to let on that I would not like her diapering me, but she knew better.

END OF MAIN STORY

Epilog

It has been several years since my sorority initiation and I have been out of college for the last three years. All of the pledges were accepted into the sorority and I still see Heather and Amy several times each year. We have talked about our initiation experience often. Amy and Heather know that I like to role-play using diapers and they tease me about it. In fact, they always check to see if I am in a diaper. Amy has also admitted to wearing diapers a few times since college. It makes me wonder how many adults buy adult diapers for fun and not need.

Janet and I recently got married and I could not be any happier with our relationship. We have experimented with just about every role-playing game you can imagine, but most of them have to do with...you guessed it...diapers. She loves to diaper me and I love the attention. She has put me in diapers and made me wear them to all kinds of functions. She usually puts me in a diaper before a long car trip and she loves to diaper me before we go to the movies or a football game. We get a kick out of one or both of us secretly wearing a diaper under our clothes when we go out with friends. Sometimes we try and see who can keep their diaper dry the longest. It may sound dumb, but it is fun. Anytime I am in a diaper, I am not allowed to use a restroom without her permission. If she leaves me alone when I am diapered, you can be sure that they are locked on me in some creative way.

She loves to have me under her control and I love it too. (Of course I do my best to resist!) We have used diapers as a way of experimenting with different bondage and discipline scenarios too. Janet knows that if I am kept in a diaper long enough or if I am forced to dirty the diaper it is pure punishment for me. She uses this to her advantage when she thinks I am being bitchy. We have also reversed roles and I have been her "Mommy." This has been fun, especially if I dress her up in some really revealing outfits.

We have ordered about everything you can imagine over the Internet having to do with diaper wearing. I own more rubber and plastic clothes than you can imagine and I love to see how turned on Jan gets when I am wearing one of the outfits. Especially on weekends, she selects the clothes she wants me to wear. I like to protest just to get a rise out of her. She will then take me over her knee and give me a firm spanking, stopping every once in awhile to massage my sore butt. Role-playing with diapers has kept our lives sexually charged. The next time I write to you, I will share some more of our diaper adventures.

THE END

*009*2018-10-14 01:42

{{1 hour ago, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent what a great story

}}

I'm glad you like it, there are more in the works, some modified and others entirely my own work

I also have some videos that i would like to upload once i get some technical support from a staff member regarding rules and regulations that are not listed in the guidelines page

*011*2018-10-14 03:30

{{4 minutes ago, DrBorderline said:

Wow, that's a blast from the past.

If memory serves, the author wrote five such stories from the perspective of Kim and Chris, and one of them featured hypnosis as a key element. I think it might have been the last in the series.

Thank you for keeping these classics alive!

}}

This is the only one i know about

*013*2018-10-14 05:32

{{49 minutes ago, Jimmy Olsen said:

I hope to read an original story from you (ideally with a diaper change scene)!

}}

There will be a few of my originals coming soon, as for change scenes... il try but im not that great at scripting them in
