Buffy The Vampire Slayer OmO. Requested by Vexer6

Author: Emizzle94

*000*2015-02-04 22:52

Buffy Omo Story

Prompt: Buffy and Dawn are patrolling in the graveyard when Dawn needs to pee. Realising that she too needs to relieve herself, Buffy and Dawn head home. Neither make it in time.

###

The night was quiet, only the sounds of crickets chirping in the grass and an owl hooting disturbed the sounds of silent feet trudging along a gravel path. Buffy Summers and her little sister Dawn were walking through the graveyard on one of their nightly patrols. Well, Buffy had let Dawn accompany her this time because as much as Spike was shackled to the wall back at the house, Dawn wasn't overly comfortable with having a vampire chained up in the house. As they walked, Dawn felt a small twinge in her lower abdomen, a sure sign that her bladder was beginning to fill up. However, she ignored it in favour of helping her sister with this patrol. They continued to walk around, checking all of the grave stones to make sure that no newborns were trying to climb out, but as they walked Dawn felt the twinge become more insistent and though she didn't really want to say anything about it, she knew that she would need to speak up soon.

Buffy was in a similar predicament, however she was more used to holding it until she got home. When there was a busy night, there was no way that she could just tell a vampire to hold on because she had to pee before they got down to the dusting business, so she was often forced to hold it and sometimes it was rather painful too. Tonight, she could tell was going to be different, the fact that she had her sister (who was quite unused to holding her bladder for as long) with her meant that if at any time Dawn needed to answer nature's call, they would need to head home or to the nearest place, which just so happened to be Giles' place.

Dawn cringed as her bladder gave a more forceful twinge and she sighed.

"Buffy, I..." She began.

Her sister however didn't have time to listen as a hand popped out of one of the graves next to her. As soon as the newborn was out, Buffy was fighting her and soon the vamp was nothing more than dust in the slight wind.

"Buffy I...I need to pee" Dawn tried.

The blonde haired woman looked over at her sister and nodded. So far that was the only newborn they'd run into and Buffy was pretty sure that it would be the last too. So, without a second thought, the slayer and her sister made their way out of the graveyard and towards their house. As they walked, Dawn began to get more and more desperate to pee and by the time they got to the front door, the red haired girl was practically dancing on the spot. Buffy, with her own need becoming desperate now as well, jammed the key into the door so hard that the metal snapped and fell out of the keyhole. The slayer cursed and began to look for a new way to get into the house.

Dawn however, was having a hard time holding it and as she stuck her butt out and wedged her hands so tightly between her legs that she could practically feel the contours of her own labia through the material of her leggings, she started to squirt little bits of pee.

"Buffy...hurry" she gasped.

The blonde woman looked over at her sister and nodded frantically, her own hand coming to just rest her middle finger along her slit through her own leggings. Dawn rammed her hands harder between her legs as more and more squirts began to soak through her panties and her leggings, causing dribbles to run down her legs and into her sneakers and socks. Finally though, her untrained bladder gave up the fight and she lost all control there on the doorstep. She groaned in embarrassment as the warm fluid not only flowed down her legs, out of her leggings and down to the ground, but it also flowed over her hands that were wedged between her legs. The soft pitter patter sound would let anyone know what was happening easily.

Buffy wasn't aware of what was happening with her sister and as she got around the back of the house, her very well trained bladder decided that it was fed up of this punishment and simply gave up. Hot urine streamed from the blonde's urethra and into her panties, causing the slayer to adopt a pose much like the one her sister was in on the other side of the house. Soon, both had finished their wetting and Buffy trudged through the house in wet shoes to open the door for her sister, only to discover that the redhead had suffered the same fate.

"Oh Dawn, I'm sorry" she said.

The redhead just broke down in tears and Buffy hugged her sister to her.

A/N: Sorry it's so short peoples. I thought of this and thought that it would make a nice short and wet story.

