Sesshoumaru

Author: Subabra

*000*2012-04-24 20:37

This story is about Sesshoumaru from 'Inuyasha.' I wrote this because I've always dreamed of seeing the demon lord in such a situation but I could never find anything online. I decided to write one myself and it was sooooo hard. I can see why no one did it before because trying to keep Sessh is character while desperate to pee is impossible, which is why this is mostly from Rin's POV. Anyway, this is my very first Omo story, so I hope it's not too bad. Enjoy.

###

As a demon, Sesshoumaru did not have the many weaknesses of humanity. He only required rest every few months, he only needed sustenance once a year, and the act of relieving himself could often be put off for far longer, since thirst was a foreign concept to him.

It may surprise you to know this, but the Prince of the Western Lands has never relieved himself the wilderness, despite his near constant traveling. Such an act would be shameful to his upbringing, and therefore whenever he felt an urge he could not ignore, he made his way back to his palace, no matter the distance. Not once had he ever let his needs take priority over more important tasks; he would simply change course to his palace if he was able. If not he held it.

He was a full-blooded demon lord, after all. He would never let such a thing as a need to urinate dictate his actions.

Lord Sesshoumaru had been feeling a clear urge for the past week now, however Naraku's scent had been unusually strong as of late, and as he followed it, it became apparent that the evidence of the vile half-demon's presence would not simply disappear like usual. Therefore, tracking the scum who had dared touch what was his (Rin) and make the preposterous assumption that he could absorb this Sesshoumaru was made top priority.

Now, much can be said about Rin. She's exuberant, energetic, and quite the talkative child. Little known to most though, she was very observant.

Rin always kept close watch on her lord, because she idolized him for his strength and general perfection, but most of all his gait. Her lord walked with such a confidence that she could only dream of having.

Young Rin was very, very confused when one day she saw an abnormality in Sesshoumaru-sama's stride. The dog-demon lord had twisted his left leg inward slightly before continuing on as he normally would. She wouldn't have even noticed it if a butterfly that she'd been fascinated with hadn't briefly fluttered around his ankles.

And this was only the beginning.

The next day Lord Sesshoumaru had permitted them to pause for a short rest so that Rin could search for some food. She had walked up to her lord with the intent of asking him to point her in the right direction of where berries might be located, only to be caught mystified.

Her lord, who had perhaps not noticed her, was subtly shifting his weight from one leg to the other. This would be a sign of anxiousness in anyone else, but since Sesshoumaru never got anxious, she could not comprehend his reasoning.

"Lord Sesshoumaru?" She called unsurely.

The shifting stopped abruptly, though she did notice him clench his fist for a moment. "What is it, Rin?" He asked her, nothing in his deadpanned tone suggesting that there was anything out of the ordinary going on with him.

"Would my lord please point out the direction of where Rin may find some berries?" She requested with a sweet smile, figuring that she was just being paranoid and that her lord was perfectly fine.

Sesshoumaru arched his head toward where the scent of fruit wafted through his nose, and Rin got the hint. She started to skip away, almost disappearing from sight before she realized she had neglected to thank her lord for his assistance. She turned back around with the intent of doing just that, but the words never made it out of her mouth.

Sesshoumaru had resumed his shifting, only more fervently this time. Where before he had been just shifting his weight, now he actually lifted his foot off the ground a whole inch and placed it back down before quickly copying the action with his other.

Something was definitely wrong with her lord.

Rin resumed her task of berry finding, not wanting to be caught watching something Sesshoumaru-sama clearly didn't want her to witness. She hoped he wasn't ill, and resolved to watch him even more closely from now on.

Nothing eventful had gone on for the rest of that day. Lord Sesshoumaru did not act at all out of character while they were walking, and when night came upon them Rin was far too tired to stay up and observe her lord.

It was the next night that Rin came to a stunning insight about her Sesshoumaru-sama.

Aside from the first day when she became aware that Lord Sesshoumaru was acting strangely, Rin had never seen him display this strangeness while walking. It was when he was standing still that it was glaringly obvious –at least to her since Jaken didn't seem to notice a thing- that something was not right.

The sky had darkened so they were stopping for the night. Rin lounged against Ah-Un next to the slumbering Jaken as she feigned sleep. She knew how sharp her lord's senses were, so she had perfected the art of slowing her breathing as well as her heartbeat in order to fool him.

She watched with half-lidded eyes as Sesshoumaru paced around the camp, his mouth set in a deep frown as opposed to the blank expression he usually wore. He would pause occasionally for a few seconds, then start to shift from foot to foot. Then he would start up with his pacing again.

The word anxious crossed her mind once more, but this time she immediately ruled it out. She decided to approach this situation as if Sesshoumaru wasn't the almighty perfect being that he was, and pretend he was a normal individual.

Rin giggled mentally. If that were the case, she would just think that Sesshoumaru-sama had to pee really bad.

Her thoughts froze in their tracks.

Was it… possible? Logically, she knew all living creatures urinated, demons included. Still, it never crossed her mind that her lord might have this same natural bodily function.

If her lord did have to pee, then that would mean he'd been holding it in for days, since she only noticed his odd movements about three days earlier. She supposed it made sense. She knew Jaken only went every other day, and Ah-Un once a week. Since Sesshoumaru was so great, she bet he could hold it for months if he wanted!

So… for him to have to go so badly it had to have been quite a while since he'd last gone. If her guess was right, she wondered why he didn't just go in the forest.

She continued to monitor her lord as his pacing became more insistent until he was virtually marching back and forth across the camp, bending the tiniest bit at the waist.

After an hour of this, Rin began to feel herself falling asleep. Her last thought before she slipped into the realm of dreams was that she had to find a way to assist her lord with his problem.

The next morning the group was attacked by a very low level demon. Sesshoumaru had no issue in dispatching it easily, however it was decided that the stop would be utilized as a quick break for Rin, Jaken, and Ah-Un to rest their legs.

Jaken had busied himself by practicing with his staff, paying no mind to anything going on with the rest of his company as he tried to perfect what little skill he had with the gifted weapon. He did not want to disappoint his lord by making a mockery of his trust to be useful.

Ah-Un lay down on the soft grass to relax, while Rin climbed on top of him, petting the two heads affectionately while at the same time gazing at her lord out of the corner of her eye.

If she'd had any doubt in her theory before, Rin was now positive that Sesshoumaru-sama was in desperate need of relief.

Forced to stand in one place so as not to bring attention to himself, Sesshoumaru's shifting had now escalated to a bit of dancing. He had lifted his right knee and then quickly let it drop to the ground; he did the same with his left, alternating and probably unknowingly swaying from side to side. His expression was not quite a grimace, but his eyebrows were furrowed and his frown had deepened.

Rin's eyebrows shot up and disappeared into her hairline when Sesshoumaru placed both feet on the ground and gave a little hop with his eyes shut tightly, then returned to his milder dancing.

Had she really just witnessed it? Rin could not believe her eyes. Oh, her poor lord had to be in agony. Why didn't he just go relieve himself? If it was privacy he wanted there was an entire wooded area behind him.

Then Rin had a thought, and decided to test it. Sliding off of Ah-Un, she ambled up to her squirming lord, going unnoticed with his focus so centered on his dilemma. "Are you well, my lord?" She asked softly.

The dancing immediately stopped, just as she figured it would. Only this time, Sesshoumaru could not last more than ten seconds being completely immobile before he had to tap his left foot continuously on the ground just to keep the rest of his body still. Rin pretended not to notice, though she saw the tiniest bit of pink seep into her lord's cheeks when it became obvious his control was slipping. She was correct then; her lord was embarrassed.

He did not answer right away (not that he usually did, but it was still more hesitant than one of his usual responses). "I am fine, Rin," was all he said. As if to prove this his forced his leg to stop moving and stood perfectly still for several seconds, until he had to rock backwards on his heels and clench his fist at his side.

Rin was unsure how to rectify her Lord's situation. If he was simply embarrassed about them knowing he had to go, why not sneak off when they were all sleeping? It's not as if they would be left without protection since he didn't have to go very far. Plus, Ah-Un's senses were keen and the two-headed dragon would protect her and Jaken if their lord was unable to do so.

She left her lord alone at this point, busying herself with picking flowers and giving him the freedom to squirm and dance as much as he wished.

When night fell, Rin began to think that her lord was just being ridiculous, something she never would've dared thought in the past.

Sesshoumaru-sama was now hopping desperately from foot to foot, completely unbidden now that he believed all his charges to be asleep. He paced, he stomped, he squirmed, and he bounced. He had yet to reach down and actually hold himself, but judging by how frenzied his movements had become she thought it wouldn't be long now.

Ah-Un shifted as he awoke from the feeling of the ground beneath him vibrating from all the motion. Rin could not feel it since she was human, and Jaken could not feel it because his senses weren't as sharp as the dragon's, which was why the toad remained asleep.

It became apparent to Rin that pretending to sleep was no longer necessary. Sesshoumaru was too frantic to notice someone in his camp had woken up and was now staring at him in amusement, so Rin allowed herself to sit up a little and pet the dragon.

Ah-Un gave a very low growl of pleasure, which went unnoticed by their lord. Figuring that it was probably okay to speak as well as long as she whispered, Rin directed a question to the dragon she was leaning against.

"Ah-Un, has this happened to Lord Sesshoumaru before?" The dragon would know, as he'd been with their lord since before herself or even Jaken.

Ah-Un nodded, letting out what was probably a quiet chuckle, but sounded more like a gruff exhale of breath to her ears. Surprised at this information, Rin glanced back at her lord, then looked wide-eyed at the dragon.

"Often?" She squeaked, and received another nod of confirmation. "So how does he fix it?"

Since the only one who could understand the dragon's actual speech was Sesshoumaru, Rin had to make guesses at what the dragon was trying to tell her.

Ah-Un was a very intelligent being, not to mention quite the artist. With one of his claws he drew a cartoonish looking castle in the dirt as his answer. Rin studied it uncomprehendingly, before venturing a guess. "He goes back to the palace?" Another nod, and Rin couldn't resist the urge to touch forehead to her palm and shake her head at her lord's immaturity.

Embarrassed as he may have been, Rin now knew the real problem. Sesshoumaru was the Lord of the Western Lands, and having been brought up by noble standards the dog-demon probably thought it uncouth to relieve himself in the wilderness like the rest of them did without a problem.

Curiosity piqued, Rin asked another question, "How much longer will he be able to hold it?" She asked this because looking at him now, holding tightly to the trunk of a tree with his only hand and jumping up and down with his legs tightly clenched together while grinding his teeth audibly (the sight was actually a little funny, but she would feel bad if she laughed at him) she didn't think it could be too much longer.

Ah-Un drew a single line in the dirt, and Rin immediately knew what that meant. "One?" She asked for confirmation, which she received. "One week?" Shaking heads. "One day?" Nodding.

Rin chewed her lip worriedly; the palace was probably at least a week and a half's travel away, not to mention the fact that her lord was apparently dead set on tailing Naraku despite his body's needs, so they were going almost in the opposite direction of home.

"What should we do?" She asked the two-headed dragon, who shook it's heads slowly. "Nothing?" She asked in an incredulous whisper. She got an affirmative response, and when she was about to protest on her lord's behalf, Ah-Un began drawing again.

He drew a cartoon version of their lord's head; she could tell it was him because of the pointy ears and the jagged lines on his cheeks that represented his demonic markings. The expression was blank, just like how Sesshoumaru's normally was.

Then, he drew their lord again, only this time the expression seemed to show him as being a little …she wanted to say embarrassed, but she had already seen his face when embarrassed and this wasn't quite it.

She thought he looked a bit… "Humbled," she said out loud, and Ah-Un nodded eagerly letting her know that was the correct word he'd been trying to convey.

So the dragon thought Sesshoumaru-sama could use this as a humbling experience? Well, her lord could be a tad bit uptight sometimes.

Rin decided to get some rest, lulled to sleep by the sounds of Lord Sesshoumaru quietly groaning as he hobbled around.

The next day, Rin and Ah-Un watched Sesshoumaru like hawks while Jaken remained just as oblivious as ever. Rin didn't know how the retainer hadn't noticed, since the demon lord had resorted to bending forward at the waist and shuffling as he walked.

As the day wore on, it was obvious that what Ah-Un said was true. At one point while they were walking their lord had to crouch down and bounce lightly before being able to stand back up. He had glanced behind him out of the corner of his eye to see if anyone had noticed, but Ah-Un had already adjusted his gaze to the ground and Rin acted as if she were looking around, indulging in the beauty of nature.

Breaks seemed to be torturous for Sesshoumaru, as he was unable to neither walk around nor stand even the least bit still. He mostly just hopped up in down or did a sort of running in place motion. As Rin predicted, toward the end of one of their breaks Lord Sesshoumaru was forced to hold himself with his hand and kneel down, bouncing on his legs for a few seconds before being able to release himself.

Rin felt very sorry for her lord, especially when she went behind some bushes for a bathroom break, but he needed to learn not to be so stubborn.

It was time to stop for the evening once again, and this time they were near a hot spring, which meant Rin would take a bath before going to sleep.

The spring was out of the immediate view of their camp, so Rin would need to be accompanied to assure her safety. Ah-Un and Jaken were already tuckered out and snoozing away, so that left Sesshoumaru.

It wasn't unusual that Sesshoumaru would find some rock to sit on so that he was nearby but giving her privacy by not looking at her while she bathed. However, it seemed that this would be an issue for him tonight.

As Rin scrubbed the grime of travel from her body and hair, she secretly watched her lord's struggle with himself. He was doing a new form of movement Rin had never seen before, partly because she hadn't seen him sit down when desperate. He was now fanning his legs in an open and close motion, his eyes shut tightly and cheeks pinker then she'd ever seen them. He was growling to himself very quietly; so quietly she could barely hear the rumbling sounds.

His legs suddenly slammed shut and he remained still for a moment, staring down at his lap. Rin feared the worst, but was disproven when he started jiggling his knees up and down.

Rin began splashing around in the spring, throwing water above her head and giggling to herself. It wasn't often that she had the chance to take a nice bath rather than washing herself up in a river, so she planned to enjoy it.

The splashing earned a glance from Lord Sesshoumaru, who was checking to be sure she wasn't drowning. A shudder passed through him when he looked directly out into the water for the first time, and he began to wriggle more persistently as he turned his head away.

Having had her fun in the water, Rin returned to observing her lord as she drifted aimlessly through the spring. She stopped when Sesshoumaru let out a sharp hiss and dug his hand into his crotch, raising his bottom briefly off the rock he had perched on before plopping back down, rocking back and forth and still holding himself.

Rin felt terrible for not being able to help her lord, but she knew he had put himself into this situation.

After ten minutes of rocking Sesshoumaru-sama hurriedly stood up on the rock, crossing one leg over the other tightly. He stayed this way for a while, then jumped off the rock and began to trek around the pool. Her lord's hakama were bright white in color, so Rin could clearly see the darkened patch on his rear that was probably about the size of his fist when he faced away from her. Sesshoumaru-sama had leaked, it seemed.

The growling had deepened, so he was obviously aware of and upset about his loss of control. Rin wondered what was going through her lord's mind, and hoped it was something along the lines of knowing his bladder's limits and not holding it in unnecessarily.

Rin was about to get out of the spring when she noticed Sesshoumaru bend forward, squeezing himself tightly and jumping up and down like a child. Rin swam to the edge of the pool closest to where he was, resting her arms in front of her and simply watching him now, no longer caring if he saw her.

Her lord switched to hopping from foot to foot while turning around in a circle, groaning and growling. Rin was struck with the want to giggle at seeing her strong Lord Sesshoumaru act so silly.

She held back a gasp when a short spray hit the earth until the dog demon managed to clamp it off, doubling his efforts and appearing right on the edge of losing all control. It would be clear to anyone, even the dense Jaken, that he was slowly wetting himself.

Rin sighed when the spurts became continuous and Sesshoumaru could no longer stop them no matter how he moved. In the end, her lord finally stood still with his legs slightly apart as what had to be buckets of urine poured out of him like a waterfall and soaked his clothing and boots.

It took a few minutes for him to finish, an Rin wondered just how long he'd been holding all of that.

From the tips of his ears, across his cheeks, and over the bridge of his nose there was a bright red blush on his face. She thought her lord looked a bit dejected as he stared down at his soiled hakama. When he finally raised his head his eyes widened minutely in shock when he noticed her looking right at him and realized she had witnessed his utter humiliation and disgrace.

He averted his gaze to the ground, something she'd never known her lord to do in any situation. His soft growling started up again, but this time Rin thought it had taken on a sad tone rather than one of frustration.

Knowing she had to help, Rin climbed out of the pool. She walked around the large puddle until she stood in arms reach of her lord and gently grasped his clawed hand in her small ones. He did not resist when she began leading him back toward the hot spring, only looking up when they entered the water. She offered him a calm smile and kept them going until they had reached the middle of the spring. Sesshoumaru's waist was completely submerged, and Rin had to stand on the tips of her toes in order to keep her head above the surface.

"See, Lord Sesshoumaru!" She said brightly. "Now no one will know!"

Realization quickly dawned on him, and Rin thought she saw a flash of gratitude in his deep golden gaze. He placed his heavy palm on her head and smoothed his fingers through her damp hair, and Rin knew she was being thanked.

Feeling playful all of a sudden, Rin dived beneath the water and swam away as quickly as she could. Indulging her, Sesshoumaru went after her; an impromptu game of water-tag was formed.

The growling that now reverberated through the spring was one of lighthearted excitement.

