Phineas and ferb stories - Page 2

Author: omofan77

*033*2014-02-06 22:54

During the bigfoot episode, Isabella lay awake in the tent. She tried to sleep, but her bladder kept her awake. She thought about her situation. She was still getting used to peeing outside and only did so in extreme cases. Now was such a case, but not in the middle of the night. She didn't feel so sure about going outside by herself in the dark. She thought about asking one of the Fireside Girls to go with her, but felt it wasn't a good idea. She was supposed to be the leader and shouldn't be seen as so scared to ask one of her group to go with her. Now, if one of them asked her, Isabella would gladly go with them. But it didn't seem like any of them would wake up and have to go anytime soon. Isabella knew she couldn't wait that long. If she didn't do something soon, she was sure she would wet her sleeping bag, which wouldn't go unnoticed. Then the girls would know their leader was too afraid to go outside at night.

Cautiously, Isabella got up, and making little noise, walked out the tent. She didn't want go far. As she looked around, she saw Phineas walking nearby. Isabella wondered. She didn't want Phineas to see her in such a situation, but she would feel safe with him close and he wasn't the kind to make fun of such things. She walked up to him. Phineas stopped when he noticed her. "Did I wake you?" he asked. "I was awake already," said Isabella. "I know it's embarrassing, but I'm trying to find a bathroom."

"I was looking for one too," said Phineas. "Do you know where you're going?" Isabella hesitated. "It's just, since it's so dark, I was trying to stay close."

"I understand," said Phineas. "There's nothing wrong with being afraid to go outside at night. If you want, I'll stay close if that will make you feel better."

"I would feel a lot better," said Isabella.

As Isabella followed Phineas, he suddenly held out his hand. "You can hold my hand if that would help." Isabella blushed and reached out a trembling hand. Phineas's fingers closed around Isabella's hand and he pulled her closer until they were side by side. They walked a short distance in total darkness. "I think this is far enough," said Phineas. "Phineas?" asked Isabella. "I don't want to ask this, but I still don't want to be alone." Phineas thought about it. "Well, it's dark, so we won't see much. We could go side by side and I'll hold your hand if you want."

"You'd do that?" asked Isabella. "Sure," said Phineas. I'll even go sitting down if it'll help. Can you adjust yourself with one hand, or do you want to let go for a moment?"

"I think I'll need both hands."

"All right. Let me know when you're ready and I'll take your hand again." Once their hands were free, both slid their pants down and got on the ground. Isabella then reached into the darkness and felt Phineas's hand. He grabbed. "I've got you and I'll be right here," he said.

"Ready?" asked Phineas. "Ready," said Isabella. They both counted to 3. On 3, both relaxed. A stream of urine flowed onto the ground. The sounds were distinct from one another, but Isabella only cared that Phineas was holding her hand. Phineas also only cared that Isabella felt safe. Even if they could see the streams, they felt they wouldn't be ashamed. Phineas was done first, but Isabella continued for a few seconds more. She felt awkward, knowing Phineas could hear everything now, but he didn't say anything. Finally, when she was done, she stood up and, both got their clothes back on. Then Phineas took Isabella's hand and led her back.

"Boys must have it so easy," said Isabella in the clearing near the tents. "I wish I could go to the bathroom like you and I wish I wasn't so afraid of going out at night."

"I can give you something to help you practice both," said Phineas. He gave her a small device. "With this, you can redo anything. You can try going again near the tent and get a little farther each time. It's hard to make and it doesn't look like I'll have time to make another for the summer. But I think you need it more." Isabella decided to thank Phineas with a hug. She reached over, wrapping her arms around him and holding him close. She was surprised when Phineas placed his arms around her and pulled her close as well. For a little bit, both just enjoyed the comfort of being close together. Then they said good night and went to their tents.

Isabella tried the device. She felt her bladder fill again and peed relativity close to the tent. She tried again, going a little farther each time. Finally, she was able to pee in a dark spot with the tent out of sight. She then tried something else. She stood, bending a bit, and arched her pee forward. However, she got some on her clothes. But when she tried the device again, the stain was gone. Isabella kept practicing, able to remove any stain every time. After finally managing to pee standing with getting nothing on her, Isabella went back to the tent and went to sleep, reminding herself to give the device an honored place in her room, as something that was useful and one of the best gifts from Phineas and as a reminder of one of the best nights she spent with Phineas.

*034*2014-03-06 22:52

Ginger was now a Fireside Girl and would soon be sent out with the other girls on a hiking trip. Some time before the trip, Ginger tried to speak to Stacy. She had a hard time saying what she wanted to, but Stacy said, "Let me guess. You're afraid of no bathrooms on your trip?"

"How did you know?" asked Ginger. "I expected you might ask about that sooner or later. You've never gone outside before."

"I don't think I can," said Ginger. "I know you're afraid," said Stacy. "But you can't let fear get in the way. Do you want to afraid of something like not always having a bathroom nearby and let that get in the way of every outdoor activity you want to do by yourself or with the other girls all the time?"

"I don't," said Ginger. "Then I'll help," said Stacy. "You don't have to face your fears alone." They began to make plans of helping Ginger. Ginger decided on a plan Stacy wasn't so sure of. Stacy reluctantly agreed to keep Ginger out of the bathroom. But as Stacy predicted, that plan didn't work out so well. Ginger couldn't go outside and kept close to the bathroom. When her need was too much, she tried to move, but could only go a short way. Getting in front of a plant, she tried to pull her shorts down. But her bladder gave up and urine flooded her clothes. Ginger got some of her clothes off, and got a lot in the plant, but her shorts got wet as well.

"I think we'll try something else," said Stacy, as she helped Ginger change. Soon, they sat out in the yard. "Why don't you try to get comfortable with being outside?" suggested Stacy. "You won't have to worry about anything right now." After awhile, Ginger found it easy to relax as she sat outside. Soon Stacy saw Ginger falling asleep. "A little too relaxed," Stacy thought smiling. Taking Ginger, Stacy laid her on her lap and stroked her hair. Ginger felt safe so close to her sister and went to sleep.

When Ginger woke up, she felt the need to use the bathroom. But now, she felt relaxed with her surroundings and safe that Stacy was nearby. Going to the tree near them, Ginger pulled her shorts and underwear to her knees and bent down. Suddenly, Ginger noticed Stacy came over and did the same. Not minding, Ginger relaxed. Urine flowed down, making a soft sound and a puddle in front of her. Stacy followed, making a puddle as large as Ginger. Then, after wiping with leaves, the girls got dressed. "It felt great," said Ginger. "I've been waiting for a reason to try this for some time," said Stacy.

It was some time after the trip and the two sisters were by themselves. When both were deciding who sure be first to the bathroom, Ginger offered to take Stacy outside and teach her a trick she had been practicing and was now good at it. "How about I show you how a girl can go to the bathroom standing?" asked Ginger. "I've always wanted to try that," said Stacy. "I've been trying it for awhile and I can do it pretty well now," said Ginger.

They stood close together at the tree. Ginger pulled her shorts and underwear all the way down and told Stacy to do the same. "Maybe when we're better at it, we won't need to pull everything down like this," said Ginger. Next she showed Stacy how to part her privates and bend a little. Then Ginger let her urine flow out, making an arch as it hit the tree. Stacy went next, making her own arch, but it was lower than Ginger's. "How is it I'm taller but you can aim higher?" asked Stacy. "I've practiced," said Ginger. "If you keep at it, I'm sure yours will be higher too."

After Stacy practiced a few times, she and Ginger tried again. This time, their aim was at the same height. "You're getting good," said Ginger. Then they challenged each other to use their urine to write something in the ground. When they tried, Ginger managed to trace Stacy's name with a small heart. So Stacy did a good job tracing Ginger's name with a heart. The sisters agreed to a tie and spent the afternoon sitting outside again, Ginger once more resting in Stacy's lap as Stacy stroked her hair and smiled at her little sister.

*035*2014-03-11 19:10

It was the Fireside Girls' first camping trip. There was a specific reason for this trip, which the girls understood was necessary but they weren't sure if they could go through with it. It was in the afternoon and the girls had finished reading the part in the manuals they were assigned when they gathered together in the woods.

"You all know why we're gathered," said Isabella. "To be effective Fireside Girls, we must rid ourselves of fear and being uncomfortable of no restrooms. If we can't, how can we call ourselves Fireside Girls and complete what is required of us?" The girls agreed. "My big sister said how important it is to face this fear," said Ginger. "I'm getting used to it."

"Then we'll first use the first lesson as was in our manuals," said Isabella. The girls gathered close together. Remembering the first lesson they read, each girl pulled their shorts down and got in the normal position. Isabella, as the leader, and Ginger with some experience went around, assisting the others. Making sure the others had everything down properly and in the correct position, the two joined the others and soon each girl began to let streams of urine to flow out onto the grass.

Satisfied with the progress of the girls, Isabella said, "We'll try again later. As you've read, there are many positions that can be used. I suggest each girl choose one and teach it to the others. The more ways we have, the easier it'll be for us in the future." The girls discussed and each one chose one position. Ginger went first. She led the others to nearby poison ivy. "We're going to use a method that allows us to not have to make contact with the surroundings or use leaves afterwards," said Ginger. She started by lowering her shorts and underwear all the way down. "Since this is our first time, it's better this way," she said. The girls did the same. "Now spread your legs like this." Each girl moved their legs about two feet apart. Ginger pointed out the area on her each girl should put their hands and how to do it correctly.

Then Ginger peed onto the leaves in front of her without touching them. Each girl tried after. "Keep at it so you don't get any on you," said Ginger. "Move around like this to control the direction." Afterwards, the girls examined themselves. They each got a little on them. "That's expected for beginners," said Ginger. "A little practice and you should stay dry." Adyson had tried to aim higher than the others and sprayed more than the others. "You should focus on keeping it away from you before you try aiming as high as you can," Ginger told her. "Each of us can try a slightly different position like bending knees or back to make it easier."

Soon each girl had taught the others a method they read. Holly showed them how to bend down and pee behind them. Gretchen taught a kneeling on both legs position. Katie showed everyone how to press their bodies against a tree and pee down the side. Finally, Adyson, know getting good peeing standing, led the girls in a slightly more challenging position where each girl kept their shorts mostly on making a V over the necessary spot. The girls still got a little wet, but with some practicing and different positions, some with bent knees or arching their back, they were getting much better.

They also had an aiming contest where Isabella, Ginger, and Adyson managed to arch their urine over the other girls. On the last day of the trip, everyone got together and each peed in the position they taught, from Isabella in a traditional position to the others, a leg up, pressed against a tree, kneeling, or standing. It was a very fun trip and the girls were looking forward to another. They also were more comfortable going outside and were eager to try all the different methods they learned when they got the chance.

Back home, each girl sometimes tried a different method when they were alone outside, mostly near their wooded meeting place. Soon, each girl was able to pee in the methods they saw. Even the girls who weren't able to aim so high kept at it and when they had another contest, all of them hit a spot high above them with perfect aim.

