I - Page 2

*025*2018-02-07 12:45

Hello folks! The new chapter is almost finished: it revolvs around Dolores and Natalia, but you should expect also a little visit from some beloved (at least for me) characters. I'll try to post it tonight, apologies if I'll not finish it in time, but time is a bitch.

Another important announcement: I'm thinking of extend this serie into a book-lenght tale, maybe also revising older chapters. In my mind there are backgrounds for almost 4 or 5 new chapters and possible new side-stories. In order to entertain the reader as much as I can, I would insert more male desperation and wetting. As always, suggestions and comments are welcome and I would like to read if I'm doing something appreciable or not.

Thank you so much for spending time reading my little stupid stories :)

*026*2018-02-10 16:00

Update!

I'm really sorry to announce that, due to some unexpected problems, there will be considerable delay with the publishing of the new chapter. I call mercy.

*027*2018-02-11 23:02

Finally, the new chapter has arrived! Really sorry for the long delay: unfortunately I lost this chapter while I was almost finishing it, so I had to rewrite it completely. It's not how I meant to write it in the first place, especially because it's too short and it does not contain a lot of details that I wanted to insert in this chapter. I didn't have time to revisioned it, so forgive me for some errors. Please, enjoy it!

- 3.C -

Boy, I’m thirsty! I talked to much and now my throat is dry. I am T-H-I-R-S-T-Y! Yeah, ok, I’ll quit spelling, I know you hate it! God, you’re so obnoxious! And NO, I’m not drunk!

Is the pool fridge stocked? Maybe I’m lucky enough to find a beer or something…

(trampling sounds)

So, I was saying… Yeah, we were hugging, legs crossed, in the middle of that bloody hospital. No, not the Saint Sebastian, the other one, the one in the South part of the city, what’s its name? The one in which Erika works… Yes, that one! Oh, the fridge still has two canned beer, Here comes mama!

(fizzing and gulping sounds)

Much better! God, I needed that! Sorry for the interruption but I couldn’t wait any longer… So, Dolores stepped away from me, before I could say anything about that perfume she was STILL wearing, hopped a little on the spot and tried to surpass me to enter the bathroom, completely silent. She was acting wierd, a lot, so I intervened.

“A bloody line” I said, “It’s no use. I waited a bit, but the queue isn’t moving at all”. A sad mumble came from her turned head; from that I understood she was in the same situation as me, really needing the loo however unable to find one available. At that moment she started running…

What? I’m arriving to the point, just let me speak!

Running away from me, her flip flops made such an annoying sound on the plastic pavement of the hospital: every step sounded like a clap produced from her naked soles getting hurt by her footwear. I yelled at her, trying to catch her attention, but she was in some kind of trance, like she was mesmerized by something invisible just above her blonde head. She kept running avoiding doctors and patients in the hallways that we were wandering.

Dolores’ right hand was tied in a very strong grip on her crotch, while pushing the yoga pants that she was wearing in a twisted way, like she was attempting to hold on a little longer, a little tighter. The result was disgraceful: doing that caused her extremely strechted pants to lower down her legs, showing off the upper part of her ass in a cute purple thong. That was too much! In a moment of might, I reached her and forced her to stop running away like a psycho. She’s still my best friend’s sister!

“Why are you running away from me, blondie?” I asked her, felling my nails entering her arm, while trying to find a position in which holding in was possible. In that moment I noticed that she was doing the same…

“I’m not running away from you, I just need to pee-pee!” she answered. “Nat, please, leave my arm, you’re hurting me.” Her crossed legs were bending while she was standing in front of me readjusting her pants, always issuing that bloody perfume from her porcelain skin.

“Sorry, deary!” I left her arm, making my hand fly into my crotch and adjusting my white romper on my groin. “Sorry, it’s been ages since we saw each other and then we crashed and hugged and it seemed to me so random and…”

“Yes, yes, so random, but please!!!” she interrupted me. “I need to go NOW and I think you need too… Let’s move.”

Whoa, I didn’t know I was a fast-drinker! Yes, I’ve already finished the first beer… Well, my amber ice-cold companion, you’re following your brother now!

I couldn’t agree more with Dolores. We jumped in an elevator pushiing the button to the second floor, aka the floor above us. Uprising was pure agony for both of us: Dolores was hopping back and forth the whole elevator, bringing her feet up and down and almost losing her flip-flops twice. Hypnotized by that movement, I was staring at her with an empty look, crossing my right leg on my left and viceversa, still holding my crotch hard. I felt a little drip of urine spreading in my panties so I squealed.

My fingers were wet and my crotch too, I think. To see if I had damaged my white romper, I had to be sneaky and, to be honest, that was not my mind at all. I was just hoping that Dolores didn’t heard me squealing: the fancy elevator music was a little louder than the usual, so I really hoped that it covered my stupid voice sound. I don’t know why I was so worried about being caught: we had seen each other peeing a lot of times before, so…

“What?” she asked me.

“Nothing” I answered, grinding my teeth and feeling my faith in secrecy crashed.

“Ok. By the way, is that a new trend or are you a really fashion hobo right now?” said Dolores pointing at my bare feet. I looked down to see that I was shoeless. Shocked I tried to look away and look back, hoping my very expensive stiletto heels would appear on me. Nothing.

“Fuck!” I said, almost crying. “I left all our shoes in that Uber!”

The elevator doors opened and Dolores escaped from me again. Finally our beloved destination was in sight: a perfectly no-queue free toilet in the middle of an empty aisle, surronded only by silent patients rooms. We were feeling so lucky, like we won the bloody lottery!

Dolores reached the doorknob of the toilet and then froze. Locked. She tried again but the result was the same. Swearing, I tried to open that fucking door. Salty tears were forming on the eyes of poor Dolores. A splashing sound caught me unprepared. A little rivulet of pee was cascading from her crotch to the ground, wetting her feet. Her hands stopped it just in time.

Yeah, those beers are making me dizzy… No wonder! I drank two cans in under ten minutes. Silly Nat!

What was I saying? … Yeah, so Dolores turned on her heels and entered the first room on her left. She was truly desperate; and you know the proverb: desperate times calls desperate measures.

The room we entered was the doctors’ changing room, with lockers and stuffs. So, Dolores ran in and unfortunately banged her shoulder in an opened locker, causing her to fall down near a wooden bench. I saw her eyes giving up: pee started rushing through her thighs, making her yoga pants shiny.

“NO, no, no, no, nooo!” she yelled. A puddle was forming between her legs and it kept getting bigger and bigger, while poor Dolores was crying all her tears. An hissing sound was echoing in the room.

That was not helping me at all: I was still in need to release my bladder, but my bloody zip won’t open at all. I tried my best, but keeping my hands on my back and holding a load of urine with my legs uncrossed were not compatible. A jet of piss dashed splashed on my panties.

“Open my fucking zip! Open it!” I yelled at Dolores, still lied on the ground, still peeing.

My legs trembled while I waited Dolores to finish up with my zip. She said something about a fault on one or two of the zippered teeth, but I didn’t listened. As soon as she finished unzipping my white romper, I rushed to the toilet, when…

What? Was Frank still waiting for you? Oh, I’m sorry if I had kept you waiting till now… Wow, it’s 3:57 AM! So late! Well, say your brother to go to sleep, I have plenty to tell you…

So, I was rushing to the toilet when I felt like I was exploiding. I didn’t know what to do: only few more footsteps and I could reach my throne, but I really couldn’t hold anymore. My bladder was aching, my legs were against my will. So I made the only decision a normal person would do.

I leaned on the sink while trying to undress. It wasn’t easy at all, I must admit: one hand was busy keeping myself dry, while the other had the role to pull down the dress. The romper was at my knees when I pulled my panties to one side and started peeing full-force into the trash bin. Some drops hitted my feets, but I really didn’t care at all: finally I could relieve myself. A river of pee left my body, filling the trash can and almost overflowing. I peed for about a minute or so; a cold shiver got me under my spine, making me blush.

That was amazing, I swear!

Dolores brought me back to reality. She insisted on using the sink to clean herself up, but I really don’t know how she managed to do that because her pants were drenched. I waited for her on the other room, checking if anyone wanted to come in while she was bottomless.

“So, how’s your mother?” I asked her, finally able to catch some breath and have a normal conversation with my best friend’s sister.

“My mom? Well, she’s ok, thanks for asking”, she answered me. “And you? Are you still with Viktor?”

Please, she just remembered your name, don’t be so happy! That means nothing!

Anyway, my turn to talk: “I’m happy your mother is feeling ok, because of her condition… you know…”

“Which condition?” her voice seemed puzzled, hesitating.

“Yes, lungs’ cancer. Sorry, didn’t want to be so rude…”

“What? She has not lungs’ cancer! Not anymore…” a laugh came after that. “Fuck, my cigarettes are all covered with piss!”

Yes, I know, insane! Lara said me that their mother is still sick, so how now she’s healed?

“But…” That’s all I could say. I’m not really suited for being a guardpasser, I didn’t even noticed that a very worried-looking middle Eastern young doctor entered the room.

“Hey, what are you doing here?” the doctor’s voice shaking, her legs crossed while pulling up her scrubs pants.

“Sorry, we were lost and…” Dolores interrupted my blank statement entering the room, completely dressed and dry. “Doctor Nazhrin, how’s my sister?”

Yeah, Nazhrin. Shirin Nazhrin. Do you know her? So, why interrupting me? Weirdo.

Then the fidgety doctor Shirin Nazhrin who you dont’ know (yeah, sure…) started talking with Dolores about Lara’s health. I was so surprised to hear Lara’s name: she was supposed to be in Holland with her dying mother!

Yeah, they said she is responding well to the therapy and she will be dismissed tomorrow morning; they wanted to monitored her for the night and so on…

(splashing sound)

What? Which noise? I don’t hear anything… Yeah, ok! I’m peeing again, happy now? I needed to pee and I can’t enter my own house because someone left the spare keys INSIDE the house, so I didn’t know what to do. My romper is dirty anyway… Yes, on the grass. Yes. No!

However, I tried to catch as many information as I could, but then Dolores spoke about something else with that beautiful young perfect skin doctor who-you-don’t-know.

“Well, I’ve got the little bag you asked for…” Dolores said, searching inside her sport bra.

“Really? Do you have to do it right now, in front of her?” doctor Nazhrin answered. Her legs started hopping up and down. “I’m in a rush now, wait here!”

“Sure” winked Dolores.

Doctor Nazhrin splitted in a second and half into the toilet, managing to flash us her bare ass while undressing. A loud hissing sound started as soon as the bathroom door was closed. She must have been really desperate!

Anyway, during the hearings of Shirin’s falls, Dolores explained me that she returned to some old friends and that was temporary: from that she meant the drug-dealing. Yeah, she came back to that life! She even asked me to join her with some “cocaine fun”. Can you believe it?

I said no, naturally!

Then I asked her why Lara entered the E.R. tonight. She answered me vaguely, saying that before this night her sister wasn’t feeling well, her condition, bla bla bla. Dolores returned from gym when she found Lara in the bathtub, crying for help because of bad pain she was experiencing. And the E.R. was their next destination. Then she said me the number of her room: n.358. And she also said me to ask Lara myself how she’s feeling.

Yes, they live together now! I know Lara couldn’t tolerate how her sister is waisting her life with drugs and the failed modeling carrier, but still! That’s why we need to get rid of Odile and let Lara came back to our house. Considering her condition…

I started running down the corridor to find the correct room, when…

Oh, sure! I didn’t say to you WHAT her condition is. Well, she’s pregnant!

Hello? Hello? Viktor, are you here?

…

*029*2018-02-12 07:06

{{7 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was very excellent cant wait to read more

}}

Thank you really much! Always glad to recieve such compliments :)

*030*2018-02-18 23:33

In this chapter I'm trying something new, in accordance to what I was thinking with the developing of the serie. Hoping everyone likes it, I encourage everyone of you who reads it to also listen to the songs I'm posting via links, because they are an important piece of the understandment of the story. Thank you. Enjoy!

- 4 -

(song n.1 in background)

(here I go again, same old shit, same old rusty coffe pot that probably will give me tetanus, same old Gerry trying to look up my skirt whenver I cross my legs

, just stop Gerry you’re fooling yourself if you think you will ever get a chance to touch me with your disgusting greasy fingers, you stupid ass sound engineer, you dumb shit that make me vomit everytime I smell the same air you breathe, you)

‘morning Gerry! Everything ready for… Yeah, I’m fine, like yesterday and like tomorrow. Listen, please bring me a cup of coffee, I really need one. RIGHT. NOW. (yawn)

Why is the headphone wire unplugged? Gerry! Why is it unplugged? I can’t work like this, Gerry, and you know it! I don’t care if these jacks were supposed to be in different angles because the “Polite Guys” needed those this way; do your job and make the microphones and the headset ready, I’m going live in two minutes!

(Jesus Christ, fucking Gerry, he doesn’t change at all, any day is the same, damn college and its policy about free credits and scholarships, I need to experience this kind of shit just to be able to earn some fucking credit to pay for my fees, I’m a free thinker and you can’t imprison me like a fucking rat, like a fucking Gerry)

Where’s the tracklist for tonight? Where’s…? Oh, here it is, under the mic. Who decided these tracks, they are shit songs, I’m going to revolutionate everything now, so be prepared to… God, Gerry you spilled coffee all over my legs! Shit! No, it’s not hot because the coffe pot doesn’t work, didn't you know it? Just go grab some tissues, there’s no time to rush to clean. And bring me some more coffee too!

(God I hate him, please just make me happy once, strike him dead with a 1 million Volt shock from some broken wires at his sound station, please just do that for me, I promise that)

Welcome to “Night Confessions” with your beloved host, miss Chance. Tonight, as every other night of the week, I’m going to take good care of you silly sleepwalkers, entering your own mind and blow it from the inside, from 4 to 6 A.M. for some magic pleasure. Relieve your souls, that’s your time: we accept every little stone or giant boulder that are jamming your poor little sugar hearts, smash it and lighten you up. Keep listen to South Lake “Om Krishna” University of Mhare Radio 132.13 FM, with your only sugarbabe honey-voiced miss Chance. We are going to stop for a quick song, don’t forget to contact us via Facebook and leave a phone number, so we can call you back. Kisses, beauties.

(song n.2 in background)

(fucking Gerry and fucking cheap ass single-layer tissue, can’t get rid of that damn coffee, shit it even soaked my leather shoes, shit, need to take it off and dry my feet too, damn Gerry, hope you get some horrible disease and die, you moron son of a)

What’s that? A C-O-F-F-E-E, I said! Not a fucking urine sample: “Tarassacum Tea”… What? Yeah, it doesn’t taste bad, but I’m still waiting for my coffee. And some more tissues, my feet are still wet. Be kind, try to find a towel or something…

(this tea is pretty decent although I’m working in this shithole called college radio station, it could go worse, still I have my follows, it’s crazy that hundreds of people wake up at 4am just to listen to my beautiful voice, a very useful help to relieve stress once someone said about this program, weird but true, now grandma can see how a phd in psychology could come handy, I came down here from Ireland for a reason, I’m an help, I’m the help, I’m a winner, I’m the)

Ok, that’s better. Maybe this coffee will help me wake up a bit, don’t you say Gerry? Throw this empty cup away. Yeah, I drank all that tea, it wasn’t as bad as I thought. Now go to your desk, the song is almost over.

(terrible coffe, give me strenght to survive another night and not to strangle Gerry with some wire)

Again together, my darlings. I recieved tons of messages tonight, I can say you really love me, don’t you, deary? I examined personally every message, every struggles from your pained souls, every tears of discourage. I’m here to help you, beauties: surrender to my voice, discover your inner child and be prepared to be lulled in my arms, you little sleepyheads. Mama’s here to rock your fears away…

(amongs the perverts there are some decent messages, just choose randomly, I can do it, just like every other night, this one seems interesting, I needed this coffee so bad, almost finished, I better be careful and not overdrink)

So, let’s begin our long night of confessions. As usal, to keep all our confessors anonymous we will call them just after reading live their messages, and also using an alias of their choice. My lovely listeners, shall we start with “The Nurse”? She wrote me the following message:

Dear miss Chance, tonight I had the best experience of my life. I was having dinner with my housemates and we had too much to drink. While we were joking one of them started caressing under my dress with her naked foot. At first I was shocked and scared, but, with a good help of that wine I drank, I felt loved and wanted to her to continue. I even had an orgasm! I didn’t know I was into girls, but apparently I am… The other girl, a good friend of mine, looked me with horror. I'm afraid she's homophobic. Then we had to rush to the hospital; long story short, in the room the hospital my injured housemate tried to kiss me. I didn’t say no, again for the wine (or maybe not) and we necked hard. Hoping to not be recognized, I wanted only to say it out loud to be sure it is indeed true. Don’t contact me.

My dearest “Nurse”, I’m supporting you in this moment of transiction and doubt you are experiencing. Loved to hear your tale about the night, your confession has been recieved and now you’re free to go on with a light soul and without guilt, clean eyes through the wind of life. I’m not going to call you, you expressed this will and I’m going to satisfy you. Worry no more, I’m here, miss Chance.

(that fucking tea, what was it, I feel a turbulence in my stomach, not my kidney, can it be, no it can’t, so soon, but my bladder, I feel it, I feel it full and heavy, fuck I have still what 1 hour and 45 minutes ahead, what can I do, stupid ass Gerry, maybe if I cross my legs, yeah better, maybe more, ok, double crossing is good, also my soles don’t have to touch this dirty carpet, an hand in the crotch could help, God, I need to pee bad, but that can’t be possible, no way)

A brief moment of pause awaits us, my dearest confessors. I leave you in the armonious sound of the aether. Be right back, beauties.

(songs n.3 in background)

Gerry! I need to go away for a minute or two! Gerry, where the fuck are you? Gerr… Where the fuck this idiot went? He’s not here!

(what to do, what to do, I can’t leave the room like this, I need someone to cover me or I will be penalized like that time when I went out to smoke a cigarette and I got caught by that fucking sleepless teacher and I almost lose all my credits, fuck, pee-dancing is helping a bit, right, left, right, left, my feet are touching this dirty ass pavement, maybe also crossing my legs, ok, not helping, fucking Gerry, oh God, pull up my panties, I’m alone, I’m not afraid of anything, I need to hold it, I can do it, fuck the song is almost finished, fuck, oh, it hurts to walk, now seated is better, and again double crossing, feet bobbing up and down and an hand to shut my pee-hole, what a disgrace)

My d-dearest beautiful soul-searcher, desperate, not desperate, sorry… I meant, heavy-armored-by-guilt errand spirits, miss Chance is here to help you and r-relieve… Yeah, relieve youself. Let’s proceed with another message…

(C’mon Maebh, you can do it, fucking Gerry)

This message is from “James Joyce”… well, that’s peculiar, i-indeed. I recieved it some moments ago, just out of the oven, only for you. Let’s see together, my d-dear listeners…

Fuck, I made a mistake. My ex-girlfriend’s best friend is pregnant and it is because of me. We shared a couple of nights almost five months ago and I noticed she had a little bulge on her stomach when she moved out the house we used to live in together. Fuck! She tried to hide it behind the illness of her mother (lungs’ cancer, she said), but tonight it came out the truth. I don’t know what to do, please help me.

(God, that’s too much, I don’t know how to handle it, plus a full bladder, it’s too much, please God help me to pass this night and, wait, there’s the cup of coffee, maybe I can pee in it, but it could be really noiseful, I need to be sneaky, I’m thinking for too much time, I need to get back to reality and talk, that’s my radio program, fuck, I spilled a drop of piss into my panties, no, no, no)

I hear your predicament, mr Joyce. Maybe a good old-fashioned talk with yours miss C-Chance could help. Let’s just hope this number my favourite writer left is correct, my darlings. Let’s see…

(hold on, Maebh, hold on, I can do it, just stretch my panties up my pee-hold to keep it shut and)

Hello, d-darling! It’s miss Chance, I’m glad to hear a confessor like you tonight. Yeah, no rush, I’m here for you. Are you driving? Yes, please shut your radio because I can hear echo… Ok, b-better.

(is that, no it can’t be, he’s with Natalia what’s-her-name, it can’t be Viktor, God I need to pee, or it can, the author, the forever-late, the rich one, no it can’t be, Viktor, but I swear)

Are you sure is that your baby, deary? Are you sure she is not going to keep the pregnancy a secret because that baby is in fact n-not yours? No, I can s-see your p-points. No, we don’t have ads, this is a college radio. Yes, we can hang on. So, I was s-saying: maybe the best thing to do now is to talk with this girl and…

(he’s interrupting me, so lame, Viktor, pretentious little brat, fuck, just leave me put on a song to pee in this fucking cup, leave me alone, I have tears in my eyes, fuck, I can’t hold it any longer, fuck, my panties are soaked, I’m literally peeing myself, slowly dripping my urine out)

Sorry to interrupt, my darling. Before we c-can explore more your feelings and future planning, p-please let me share with you and all other our listeners and confessors a song of my p-personal choice. Here it is, we are going to hear each other in a two minutes. Kisses.

(song n.4 in background)

Viktor, is that you? Yeah, I recognized your voice. Listen… No, listen! What do you mean who am I? I’m miss Chance, Maebh Couldsun… The Irish girl from campus, dumbass. Listen! I need to excuse myself a moment: I will close the mic, just stay there and… Please!

(God, this dumb shit talks too much, I need to piss, oh God, a desperation wave, I need to realease it now, oh the mug, where’s the mug, I need it, fuck, fuck, fuck, my panties, they are drenching, but I feel so good, oh my God, fuck it’s running down my legs, thery’re still crossed, not through my fingers please, my toes, they’re like rock on the top of a waterfall, how will I explain this wet mess, but I feel so relieved, God, yes, am I still peeing, wow, I had a lot of pee inside me, it's so relieving, I love it, so sexy, what am I saying, no, but it's like that, I like it, a couple of drops are leaving myself, so fucking good)

Fuck! Uh! What? Did you hear everything? What splashing sound? Nothing. I said nothing!

(what a mess, Gerry needs to take all the blame for this, he wasn’t here when I needed him, what will I do now, I can get up to run away nor to clean myself, I have to stay here for another hour, fuck, what do I do, I start with removing my panties, then I’ll see, fuck so wet, they’re spilling urine all over, disgusting, but warm and comfy, mmm, need some relax myself, I must continue my program)

We are coming back live in 30 seconds. Are you ok? Your voice is shaking… and what’s that sound? Is that rain? What? I can’t believe you! Aren’t you still driving?

20 seconds till live. What do you mean by one hand? Are you really holding a bottle with one hand and your dick with the other, just to not pull over to pee? That’s way too dangerous: how are you driving? Yes, I can hear you’re relieved but…

10 seconds. By the way, I loved your play last winter, “How to share selfishness”. Despite that Jessie, the play was amazing. Ok, but… Listen, remain focus on what you were saying before the break, I know what my people likes.

5 seconds. Still peeing?

2 seconds.

1 second.

GOD! What’s that crash sound? Viktor, answer me! Answer me…

Viktor?

…

Maebh Couldsun aka miss Chance = Sarah Jones (links in the text)

*032*2018-03-06 21:53

A new chapter is finally arrived! First of all, I want to apologize for the extremely long wait: I had exams and other important things in my life that doesn't belong to you and are not interesting at all. By the way, writing thie piece costed me lots of hours of works, maybe too many hours. In fact, it is too long! I didn't want it to be this long, and, for a brief period of time, I thought of dividing this chapter in two smaller ones. But it didn't work, so here it is, very long and probably boring. As always, comments and suggestions are very welcome, and links are a very important part of the story.

- 5 -

PROPERTY OF MHARE POLICE DEPARTMENT, ANTI-TERRORISM DIVISION

Tape n.01 – Saturday 25th September 2027

Name = Jessica “Jessie” van Niekerk

Date and place of birth = 07/07/2003 – Bloemfontein (Republic of South Africa)

Occupation = waitress at “Hot Hog Diner” – Belvedere Road 455, Mhare, Department of Wylon (AU)

Type of residency permit = scholarship visa, due to 01st October 2027

Act/s = involved as a victim and an hostage in the armed assault of the “Hot Hog Diner” during the night of Saturday 25th September 2027 at 5:00 AM circa

Injury/ies = broken wrist, casted pronto in E.R. of the Saint Sebastian General Hospital of Mhare

###

07:32 AM - Saturday 25th September 2027

Anything else to ask? Uh?

Well, I explained everything to the agent that escorted me here at the police station. So, I guess I’m free to go…

What do you mean? I didn’t do anything wrong! I’m THE VICTIM here, the one that had a FUCKING rifle pointed in front of my FUCKING face! You have to right to keep me here!

(cries)

I don’t understand… This doesn’t make sense! You should be out there, catching the ones that robbed the Diner, hunting them! Instead you take your advantages on me! You enjoy seeing a crying girl in front of you, begging you to leave, you prick, you nasty bureaucrat!

(stops crying)

Let me go! I need to rest, I need to phone home, I need to see if Luther is ok. What? He’s my brother, poor kid. No, he’s not self-sufficient, he must be under observation 24/7… This is none of your business!

If I'll explain again what happened, details-included, would you let me go? Do we have a deal? Thank God!

So, I was working at the Diner and… What do you mean? I was behind the counter when they entered and… I was not by the cash register, but on the other side of the counter, near the little window that connects the kitchen and the serving area. Why was I there? Well… I was there because I wanted to stay there! (blushes heavily) Sorry, but why is it so important where I was? … and why are you asking me about my pantyhose now? No, they didn’t touch me: my pantyhose got ripped by accident, I don’t know how… Again, I told you: I broke my wrist BEFORE calling the police, while I was running outside to see… Well, I can’t remember where I was… Mmph! No, I don’t feel anything, the pain medication is starting to kick in; the nice guys from the E.R. took care of me promptly.

I DO want to explain everything, but… please! You’re so rude, it’s not that easy! Please…

(cries again)

Please, can I speak with a woman? Tonight I did something that embarasses me, try to understand… Thank you!

(the policeman calls someone on the intercom; the doors opens and enters a policewoman in uniform; the man leaves)

Nice to meet you, Agent… Burman. Did I pronounce it correctly? Are you from India?

I can see it from your skin. Can I call you by your first name? You know, I’m going to tell you something really embarassing – like going around with a piece of lettuce between your teeth for a whole day – and I want to have at least a friend in the room. Zoya: wonderful name! Well, I’m Jessie and I have a deal with your boss… Sorry, not your boss, I mean, well, you know!

Are you feeling fine, Zoya? You seem… fidgety. Alright then.

So, the night started as usual: my shift was the one that goes from 00 to 07 AM, the “boring hours” as Luther always says. He’s my brother, the only person in the world that cares about me, the only one that can make me smile everyday He… He’s a special kid: he has Williams’ Syndrome and, despite his 27 years, he’s still a big baby. He needs me, everyday, everytime. And I need him. He’s my angel: his heart is real bad-shaped and he needs constant attention. So I have an app connected with his holter, monitoring his bpm – beats per minutes, if you don’t know – that allows me to call an ambulance or police whenever he got…

Yeah, yeah, sorry! We are here to talk about what happened tonight at the Diner. No, you didn’t rush me at all: you’re so sweet with your squeaky voice! Maybe the painkillers were too heavy for me, I feel my head floating. Remember, never cheat on your weight to a doctor, no matter how cute he is.

The first thing I do when I arrive at my workplace, that little corner of hell, is going to change myself. I can’t arrive there already dressed up: I don’t have enough money to repair the AC in my oven on wheels that I call my car... To avoid getting dehydrated from sweating while driving, I usually drink my half-liter GULP↓ bottle in the car for the whole drive from home, like 20 minutes. Yeah, the caffeine-based energiezer advertised by the fluffy polar bear that get the six pack after drinking a gallon of this shit! It tastes horrible, but it keeps me awake for the whole shift.

Tonight, like I always do, I tossed the empty bottle in the changing room bin and got changed in the uniform of the Diner

, the one I’m wearing right now. I know, I’m ridiculous: Luther says I look like a “caring american mother from the ’50 so when moms had to stay home raising children and dads worked real hard in the hardware shops to collect enough money to build a nice house in a nice street and to raise the children like good catholic boyscouts and…”. Ok, I better get going or this will last forever.

The dress-code of the Diner oblige me to wear black shoes, so I usually have a pair of flats at my feet, comfortable enough to stay up all night and not having dry callous soles by the end of the shift. You know what I mean, with your tight minty-green uniform: but you look so adorable in it, this is your colour! By the way, I lost my flats during the assault, or after it, while I ran outside to see what was the cause of that sound. Yeah, I noticed you noticed I’m barefeet. And I also noticed your feet can’t rest a second, you’re so giggly: do you need a moment, Zoya? Are you sure? Alright then.

You’re so zealous on the job; are you always like this? Ok, I understand we’re not here to talk about you, but I was trying to make you relax a bit. You seems so on hedge!

Anyway, I was dressing myself in this fucking yellowish uniform, buckling my apron around my waist wearing only my pantyhose and my bra, when my colleauge Em popped out from around the corner. I don’t know her full name, it’s so complicated… She insisted on saying that she had a lot on her mind tonight, about her group of friends and their mission and so on. This is so typical of Em: she starts telling you about birds in the sky and finishes scaring the shit out of you on how her grandparents survived the “filthy Americans” during the Vietnam War by living underground and becoming cannibals. She grew up in Switzerland, and only her mother is Vietnamese, but her “roots are strong inside her”. In fact, she kept also her mother’s surname, the Vietnamese one. Yeah, we are somewhat friends: we never had any contact outside the workplace, however she’s enjoyable to have around. A bit too lefty on my taste…

Tonight she insisted on “keeping myself safe, obeying orders and everything will go smooth, ok?” This sounded strange, but she’s a weirdo and also the manager when Mr. McKenzey isn’t in, so I didn’t care too much. Yes, Mr. McKenzey is the owner of the Diner: he’s not so much around on the night shifts, I saw him just twice. Have you spoke to him? No, I don’t mean YOU personally, but YOU as police department in general… Silly Zoya!

(Zoya blushes)

That’s a good question: yes, my visa is on scholarship basis; in fact I’m studying Drama and Literature, under the bigger field Arts at the Mhare University, and I had a bursary. I want to be an actress! Yes, I HAD: last winter I couldn’t control myself and outbursted at the director/writer of the play I was acting in and I lost my scholarship. That’s the reason I accepted this stressful job: money stopped flowing and I had to take care of my brother and his medical bills… Anyway! In spite of everything I enjoyed that experience, I acted for a good cause: to raise money for lungs’ cancer patients treatment. 

Yes, I remember the name of the play: it was “How to share selfishness” and I was playing Tita, the girl that did nothing to save the situation in which Fedra and Ghyo (the main characters) end up, and instead became a snitch to the Authorities. The play was a shit, a big one, and the director thought that his finances could have made him a prize-winner intelectual play-writer, but that was not true of course. He’s just a plain copycat of much more estimated playwright, like Eston Krankenkopf or LeMont Antonassi… It was just a pretentious play wrote to became the assistant to Miss Faberguer, our Free Writing teacher. And he did it! Yeah, the name of that guy is Viktor, Viktor Metaxas

; his dad was an entrepeneur, I heard, but he passed away some years ago. Yes, M-E-T-A-X-A-S; I think it’s Greek.

Can I pour myself a glass of water? Talking dried my mouth so bad. Oh, fuck! Sorry, I spilled it all over the floor! Fuck, silly me. this trickling sound is hypnotizing, don’t you think? Every drop goes down, from the table to the ground and… Ah! Sorry, I felt something on my foot, but it was just the water. Can you let go my hand now?

Yeah, so… I started my shift and the night was quite normal: the same truck drivers having a few beers and eating whatever the meatloafs contains, some hobos trying to sneak into the garbage can to steal the leftovers, Lemonade from the kitchen flirting with Em and Em ignoring him. Yes, Lemonade is the recovering drug-addict that work as assistant to the chef and dishwasher; he’s a good guy, trying to relieve himself from his past. Everyone calls him Lemonade because he got some serious blonde sparkling shiny hair: he used to comb them in a ponytail, but recently he almost shaved his hair, revealing a tattoo on the back of his neck. And he enjoys drinking lots of lemonade when he’s on duty at the Diner: this leads him to always need to use the bathroom. (laughs) It’s hilarious seeing him pacing around the sink, while washing the dishes and…

Ok, sorry, I’ll try to focus more. Zoya, it’s helpful talking with you, I’m relieving a lot of stress right now, don’t you think? My wrist doesn’t hurt anymore, it’s unbelievable! Why are you so tense? Maybe you need to let it go a little. Ok, sorry, I’ll resume my tale in a second, just don’t be grumpy…

At 2:00 AM the kitchen closes and I can serve only coffee or other beverages and what remains from the breakfast pies, as Mr. McKenzey legislated; but the petrol pumps are still open. It’s a self-service zone, however the payment must been done at the counter. Whoever wants to refill the car with fuel needs to come through me or Em. Lemonade usually tends to chat a bit with Em or with me (rarely) and then he proceeds his way home. Tonight made no difference: he stayed past his due hour, almost till 3 AM, chatting with Em and drinking lemonade. The Diner was almost empty. Then anyone left...

Now comes the embarassing part. So… Why did you get up? Are you really more comfortable like this, standing with one leg over the other? You are a strange person, Zoya, but I like you. Again, before heading towards, do you need to leave the room for a moment? Alright then.

Aroung 3:30 AM I took a little break to smoke a cigarette and use the toilet, while Em keep an eye on the Diner. It’s like a non-written tradition, but tonight Em decided that I needed to clean the men’s bathroom because it was “dirty as an ashtray”, her words. I replied something like “can I go pee first?”, but she refused to let me go, assuming that the work comes first than my physical needs. What had I to do? She’s my boss, after all! So I collected all the courage I had in my body and worked my ass out for almost 45 minutes to try (just try, I didn't succeed) bringing back the floor’s tiles original color. Yes, till 04:15 or :20 AM, maybe…

However I understimated my, how to say… need. Everytime the automatic sinks poured water out, I felt an incredibly urge on my lower abdomen. Uh, and also mopping the pavement was a torture: every splashing sound from the mop on the ground made me shiver. I did the urinal part with my legs crossed, just like you are doing now Zoya. I don’t know about you, but I really do not like the sensation on my thighs rubbing together in pantyhose… so I stayed as still as I could while finishing that disgusting job. It wasn’t helpful at all, though. Thank God Mr. McKenzey allows us to listen to some music while doing the cleanings: an old podcast of miss Chance (with lots of beautiful songs, by the way) distracted me from my predicment for most of the time. Yeah, I had my headphones on… Yes, I couldn’t hear a thing from the other room.

You’re making me dizzy, Zoya! I can’t follow you with my eyes around the room, like you’re a spinning top. Sorry, I didn’t mean to yell at you, but really, what’s wrong with you, deary? You seem to not being able to stay still for a second! … no, ok, I understand you are an agent on duty, however…

When I came back to the main room, determined to ask Em for a well-deserved pee-break – and maybe also a cigarette one – there was no one: no customers, no Em. She was disapperead. Perplexed, I called her and searched for her behind the counter, in the kitchen, even in the fridge room; I peaked out a window to see if she was outside, by the pumps. No trace of Em anywhere. I tried to call her, but the voice mail interrupted my hopes to find her. Then I got in the corner of my eye the parking lot: her fucking car was not there! Can you believe it? She left me alone in the Diner, completely alone!

Without thinking it twice, I ran back the counter, grabbed a piece of paper and a pen: “BE BACK IN A MINUTE” I wrote. My legs were scissoring so much it hurted. I didn’t even realized that my left hand was so busy holding my panties and pulling it up my crotch to hold it better, that I was using my other hand to write. I was that desperate!

Sitting on your heel is not police-like, isn’t it? Sorry, I didn’t mean to be a prick, it was just a joke. Alright then.

And then I heard a cough: it came from the farthest corner of the Diner. A woman, dark dressed

, was seated in the final booth of the room, watching intensely outside the window the neon’s reflection. Cursing under my breath, I approached her and asked her if she needed something else beside the coffe she was sipping. After a rude negative response by her, I dared asking her if she knew where my co-worker was, if she had seen Em leaving. She turned her head, facing me, revealing stunning calmly eyes and only saying “None of your business”.

I left her in a state of trance: it could be the urine trying to find a way out and interfering with vital organs, but her sight made my heart skipped a beat. I got back to reality when a spasm made me lose some drops in my panties…

But your boss – I mean the other agent, officer, I don’t know – pointed out that every information is important, to not understimate every little detail in what happened tonight. Why are you telling me now that I should skip this pee-part? Oh… Well, do you have the CCTV recordings or would you like me to repeat her identikit? No? Alright then.

Well, I took my place under the counter, just right in front of the little window where the kitchen communicate with the main room. Standing there was… well, not pleasant. I felt like pee was trying to erupt from my body so many times, and… Did you said something? Was that a wheeze? Anyway, I was standing there, pacing back and forth the counter, holding myself so thight that it hurted and… No, I couldn’t leave the counter! What if that mysterious woman prolonged her delicate hands into the cash register? So, I was almost dancing there, on the spot, and… No, she didn’t see me doing any of this crazyness, she was gazing out, like she was waiting for someone from the sky. No! She was too pretty and tidy to be a prostitute! She was even wearing the perfume N. 112… so classy!

Anyway, I couldn’t hold it any longer and I was stuck in the Diner, alone, responsable for the whole restaurant. This situation was not a short one, I’m telling you. I was locked there for at least half an hour! So I did what it seemed me something smart: if I can’t go to the loo, the loo will come at me. I decided the time was nearly over, and the more reccuring spurting in my panties were the proofs that I was right. That’s so embarassing! I... I USED A CUP TO PEE INTO IT! Here it is, I said it!

(blush intesifies)

Zoya, I’m sorry! I didn’t mean to shocking you. You seem so upset… I said it because you can’t stand still! You are basically dancing, sweetie! I want too to finish this “shit up” and leave… Is everything ok? Alright then.

The boss asked for details, so I’m giving him details. Fuck me! So, to p… pee into the cup I had to remove my pantyhose and my panties, but I was risking to get caught from the lady in the booth. The only solution that popped on my mind was to destroy my pantyhose and pull my panties aside, so to expose my goochie to the cup… I know! I never said it was the BEST solution, but it was the most immediate one. I was already peeing myself, slowly but inexorably. Luckily the ripping noise of my pantyhose was covered by the AC of the Diner and the sound of cars passing by.

I peed for ages, I’m sure: I was in complete ecstasy! My eyes rolled up under the eyelids, it was so gooood! Fuck, I’m shivering right now by only remembering that feeling. … it flowed and it flowed out of me, into the cup, emitting a smal hissing noise: it resembled like when I spill coffee from the manual coffee pot. (laughs)

The assault? Yeah, then happened the assault.

When I opened my eyes – I was still peeing by the way –a rifle welcomed me: it was pointed directly to my face. A guy in a black suit, black leather boots and a mask of some bearded guy was shouting something at me, while another masked assaulter was spraying with black paint a geometric figure on the window of the Diner. The lady on the booth was gone, evaporated.

Yes, sure I remember the thing they were drawing. It was like this (finger mid-air):

Sorry, I don’t want to be rude… do you need to use the bathroom, Zoya? You have an hand in your crotch and your trousers are untied, that’s why I said it. I can see your blue panties! Darling, why won’t you go then? I understand you can’t leave a witness without a report, but you should be able to use a toilet break if you need to, don’t you? Alright then: if you’re so stubborn to suffer instead of releaving yourself, I’ll try to speed up my speech, so you would suffer less.

“Mmmmppppphhhh” shouted the one in front of me.

“I… I c-c-can’t understand!” I cried, with shaky voice.

Then I felt urine overfilling the cup and starting splashing on the ground between my feet. Sorry, Zoya!

“What’s that sound?” yelled the other robber: it was a woman and the voice recalled me Em’s voice

. I was so scared that I must have imagined it…

“Mmmmppppphhhh” repeated the masked guy in front of me. I really couldn’t understand a word, so he decided to take the mask off. I recognized him… Yes, he was Gerry I-don’t-know-his-surname. I think his real name is Gerard: he studied at the campus and worked for the University Radio, but I can’t say more. Gerry and I weren’t really friends. Well, from Montreal I heard, I’m not sure…

“I said: we don’t need your money!” he screamed, almost spitting in my face.

A moment later the cash register was eradicated from the counter by the female assaulter. Yeah, this makes no sense, I know! I got so scared that the cup spilled from my hand and splattered to the floor, breaking into a thousand pieces and spraying urine all over my feet. My soles got covered in piss, I felt it amid my toes… Oh, sorry again, darling!

The noise the cup produced sounded like a big bang and the assaulters thought I was shooting, somehow. Instead of shooting back, they ran off – thank God! On his way out, Gerry shouted something like “long lives the Numbers!”

Immediately, I crouched behind the counter, in the puddle of my own urine, and used Luther’s heart monitor app to call the police, avoiding his holter’s GPS-tracker and using my phone to localize the Diner. It was the most immediate thing to do, and I was still in shock!

Then I peeked out my shelter to see if they had gotten away: the girl with the cash register was opening the rear door of a black van, while Gerry was still in the gas-pumping zone. I felt still threatened and got down again, but I fell. I lost my balance slipping over the puddle at my feet, damn it: my wrist battered against the floor and broke. I was breathless, never experience such a pain in my life.

But I didn’t have time for the pain, I was still under attack. I feared for my own life, but I didn’t know what to do. So I peekend again, in between the upper part of the counter, just to see Gerry in the middle of the road.

For the rest of my life I will remember how he turned his head to me, to ascertain of not being followed, before being hitted by a car that was driving at an absurd speed down the road in that moment. His body flying away mid-air to disappear behind the curve and down the cliff; the car – maybe a Brent Grey, a luxury model – overturning and centering the concrete pillar of the billboards near the Diner; the black van stopping to collect the body in the car; the…

(heavy splashing sound)

No, Zoya! I’m sorry, beauty, so sorry! I was almost finished… Oh, don’t cry, deary! No, no… It could happen to anyone. Please, don’t cry, Zoya; you’re still a police agent.

(more splashing sound)

Whoa, you really had to go!

(Zoya leaves the room, running, still wetting)

Sorry, I didn’t mean to say something… wrong.

End of tape n.01 – Saturday 25th September 2027

###

Jessica “Jessie” van Niekerk = Jessie Ennis

Agent Zoya Burman = Amara Karan

Emerenziana “Em” Tartre Mihn = Mia Kang

The lady in the booth = Viktoriya Isakova

Lemonade = Alfie Allen

*034*2018-03-07 08:15

{{8 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn loved that chapter cant wait to read what happens next I do feel bad for zoya though

}}

Thank you really much, this means a lot to me.

I felt bad for Zoya too, but she's a big girl and she'll get over it soon...

Anything you want to see in the next chapter? More wetting or more desperation? Something like this...

*035*2018-03-10 17:39

Well, here's another chapter. It didn't turn out as I expected, but it's ok, I guess... Enjoy!

- 5 -> 6 -

…

“What the fuck just happened?”

“Oh, God! He’s dead, he’s dead!”

“Just calm down everyone!” (light a cigarette)

“He flew over the cliff! For God’s sake, he’s dead! It’s a 40 meters fall from there!”

“Oh, God! He’s dead, he can’t be alive!”

“Calm down!!!”

“We have to rescue him, to collect his corpse, to…”

“What? What do we have to do now? You’re not in command, 5! Ok? Just focus on the plan.”

“But he... he could be still alive! Gérard could be alive down there!”

“No names! Use the numbers, 5!”

“He’s not alive, he’s surely dead and we can’t do anything to save him by now. Trust me, I’ve already seen this: when I was in the Riot Forces down in Algeri, I…”

“Please, let me go! Just me, alone, down there to help him! There’s still a chance…”

“Remember the hierarchy, 5! Or you can’t do math anymore?”

“Sorry, 3; but I…” (cries)

“You what? We are a squad, prepared for war: 8 knew too well the consequences of being this Movement, and you should remember it too.”

“Yes, 3…” (cries more)

“And don’t interrupt 2 anymore: she’s the most experienced in here, and if she’s saying he can’t be alive after this fucking fall, it means he can’t be fucking alive.”

“He was ready to leave this world for the Cause, don’t forget it! You should be ready too.”

“Yes, 2… But…”

“But what?”

“But he’s in pain, I know it! He’s…”

“Listen, 5! Repeat with me: ‘he’s dead. Gérard is dead. He left this world, he will not return.’”

“Shut the fucking radio

, 3! I can’t drive in this mess…”

“Sure, 2!”

(5 continues to cry)

“Repeat it!”

“He-He’s d-dead… G-G-Gérard is…”

“Anyone wants some dried mango?”

“…”

“What? … Did I say something wrong?”

“Are you imbecile, 13? I was making progress with Em…”

“NO NAMES!”

“Fuck, sorry!”

“I just wanted to be kind…”

“That’s not the time to be kind! We are on the run, fuck!”

(13 starts to cry too)

“Oh, Jesus!”

“Please, make your baby sister stop crying, she’s making me nervous.”

“2! Please, the prisoner doesn’t need to know we are related!”

“The fuck are you saying? He’s barely conscious, and furthermore I bet my entire panty drawer he can’t speak a word of French… Maybe only escargot, this capitalist fucker!”

“Your panty drawer…?”

“We can speak normal… I know who he is…”

“What? Really, 3?”

“Yeah, he’s… (munching dried mango) ...his name is Viktor Metaxas and…”

“Metaxas? From the Metaxas Chemicals?”

“Yes, he’s the son of Istvan Metaxas and…”

“What is the ‘Metschasch Chemicals’?”

“13, please! Speak just when you are asked!”

“Ok, big brother, but…”

“How do you know Viktor Metaxas

?”

“Well, he was the boyfriend of a girl I met in the Mathematical Applications in Postmodern Philosophy and in the World Industrial Economy course. Her name is Natalia…”

“Fuck! We have a Metaxas in our van!”

“He’s a despicable individual. He claims to be a poet, a playwright, an intellectual, but he’s just a fucking cheating asshole. One time he organized a fund raising recital – I don’t actually remember for what, maybe it was for lungs’ cancer patients – and half the money he collected went “missing” for some reason. Police was involved, but he got away easily, because you know… money!”

“5, how come you know all these things about this guy?”

“Well…”

“I think he’s bleeding, brother.”

“Let him bleed out, he killed 8!”

“He’s more useful alive than dead. We need to speed up and take him to 1. She’ll be really upset…”

“Whoa! His arm!”

“Fuck!”

“It’s broken, shit!” (puke)

“No! Fuck, Nymphe!”

“I said NO NAMES! Fuck! Are you all retarded?”

“I didn’t mean to vomit, sorry…” (Nymphe/13 cries more)

“I think he noticed his arm…”

“Is he fainting…?”

…

“Just leave him here.”

“In the bathtub?”

“It’s an order, 3! Obey!” (lights up a cigarette)

“Yes, miss… ehm, I mean 2!”

“Listen up! Since we miss a member of the squad, we are now short-staffed. Awaiting the arrive of 1, I’m in charge here. We need a plan and we need it now:

The prisoner requires immediate cares: his arm is concerning me, a lot. If he’ll die, it won’t be any help for the Cause. So, 3 take the car and bring your ‘girlfriend’ over here; she’s a doctor, isn’t she? I don’t care if she’s busy at the hospital or snorting coke like she always do, take her here and bring also some meds. Use the back-up car. You see, your undercover mission turned out to be useful after all… I still haven’t seen what 5 collected from her ‘work place’; plus I need a detailed explanation of what happened at the Diner. So, 5 and I will go in the main room. The prisoner can’t be left alone: despite his obvious weakness and the continuous fanting, he’s still be able to escape from us. 13, you will do the first round as guard, ok? And…”

“Maybe it’s better if…”

“What? Are you still talking, 13? You’re lucky to be Roland’s sister, or I…”

“Please, 2. She’ll be obiedient, won’t you Nymphe?”

“Yes, big brother. Sorry, I didn’t mean to…”

“Ok, you heard it. She’s…”

“Little girl, that’s not a ficton, not a game. We are serving the Cause, do I must remind you by force? We have people counting on us, tolerating abuses from the capitalist pigs that runs all the major industries just because we are here, fighting. There’s no time to joke. Your tattoo’s ink hasn’t dried yet and you are questioning my orders, again. I will not tollerate this kind of behaviour anymore, do you understand? I will chop your toenails, one by one, if you won’t be able to keep an eye (just that) to the prisoner while…”

(slowly dripping sounds)

“What the fuck are you doing? Are you pissing yourself?”

(Nymphe/13 cries softly, splashing sounds intensifies)

“Fuck!”

“So, I scare you…”

“Please, Cosette. She understood what you said.”

(more sighing sounds)

“That’s incredible! You’re an adult woman, Nymphe!”

“That’s not her fault. She has a bladder condition since she was born. Please, don’t stress her out, anymore; she understood, she will be the better guard she could, don’t you Nymphe?”

“Yes…” (sobs)

“Will you do this for your big brother?”

(Nymphe/13 nods)

“Pathetic! How can you call yourself a soldier if you urinate yourself when your commander is yelling at you?”

“I had too much to drink and I… (sighs) …I couldn’t stand it anymore in the van and I was holding it for… (sighs) …a long time…”

“That’s ok, Nymphe. I can lend you some clothes, deary. But I think your shoes are too soaked to be wearable for a while.”

(Cosette/2 exites the bathroom, fuming angry – Roland/3 follows her, mortified)

“I need to clean up, but this guy is still in the bathtub… Em, what can I do?”

“Well, maybe… Whoa, you did a very big puddle! Anyway, we can still close the bathtub curtain, so he can’t see you. I’ll bring you some clothes while you undress. Leave your jeans on the sink, darling. God, your shoes are drenching!”

“Thank you, Em. Sorry to bring you this discomfort.”

“Don't worry! By the way, I don’t think he’s a danger: he can barely keep his eyes open.”

…

Are you awake? Just stay there, you have the… what is the word? The one for people in jail, to put at the hands so they can’t be free… Yes, handcuffs! You are locked with ‘handcuffs’ to wall, you can’t be free, you understand, ok? Oh, you have to pardon my English, French is my language. Yes, I don’t have that accent, I’m not from France. Where? Well, from a little village in Belgium, called… Wait a moment, I don’t have to talk with you!

There is a bottle of Hasznavehetetlen Vodka, it’s from Hungary. Maybe it could help with your arm, so you don’t feel hurt anymore. C’mon, have a drink!

(Nymphe/13 sips, then hands to Viktor)

You still feel pain? It’s right you feel pain, you killed Gérard! Merde! No names, Nymphe, no names, remember!

How do you know my name? Merde! I’m so stupid! I don’t know if they want to harm you, not my choice. We wait and see, d’accord?

Do you like this song? It’s my favourite!

Not a strange choice, my dad used to play it… He’s a jazzist back in Belgium, so good: me and my brother went listen to him one time per month in the club he played in Bruges… I don’t have to talk to you. This vodka makes me tipsy and talky.

Yes, the tall black hair guy is my brother, but I’m not tell you his name (shakes head to say no). He’s so loving with me: he protects me everytime. But this undercover work is hard. He has a fake girlfriend and he needs to live with her and she is a doctor. Yes, she’s coming to see your arm. Why are you so happy now?

(long sip, her face turns red)

I have no shoes because of Cosette (wriggles toes). She can be scary. But I’m not a child, I have a problem. I need to explain you, it’s a bit embarrassant: when I was little my rognons – I don’t know the English word, but you understand – had failure and I was at the hospital for long time. I was a ballerina, danse classique, and I practice so hard. One time I had too much practice I got out of water in my body – how do you say? Dehydrated, ok – and I had terrible pain. Then I woke up in hospital room with my mom and my brother. Sometimes it happens I need to pipi and can’t hold it, but what can I do? Don’t judge me, it is a medical condition.

Oh, thank you, you are pretty too! Mmmm, I say your eyes, maybe… (childish laugh)

Why am I here? For the Cause! My brother Roland – merde! – told me about the Cause and I got a scholarship for sport at University of Mhare, so I’m here. Yes, for soccer: I’m very good in soccer, play as striker. I got this passion from Roland, since we were little. He’s older than me, so when mom went to work he had to care me. No, my mom divorced my dad because he is a musician and he was cheating on her. Anyway, Roland loved to play soccer all the time with friends. I observed him and friends for long time, so fun!

Then I started playing, I was 12 years old. I was good in little time, so good that boys had no chance with me. I got noticed by coach in lycée, he put me in girls team of the school and I was really good. At 16 years old I was the best in all the school and coach decided to make me play with boys. I was used to play with boys, because…

(sips again, cross legs)

… I played with my brother friends. When I was little they were so loving, then they started to attack me more and more, just to touch my ass or boobies. So disgusting! I used to do what they do: my brother – when he had to pipi – pulled his shorts aside and grab his 'thing' and peed. I did too: my shorts aside, with panties too, and peed. Sometime my hand got wet! (laughs)

Oh! I fell down the toilet! (laughs again) Don’t look at my pants, I just need to grab my crotch a little, that’s all. No, no wet stain in jeans, you are wrong!

(sips once more, double-cross legs)

I don’t think you can smoke here…

Then I went in Bruges University, my brother used to teach there… He was in the Math Department. Yeah, boring, but he liked it so much… I tried to do the same thing as he, but I had bad scores. So my brother helped me and found this scholarship here and I said bye to mom and moved here. Then I discovered he did for the Cause. So I joined him. And that’s my story.

Merde! I didn’t have to tell you my story… But your eyes! (blushes heavily)

(another sip)

Listen, I need to do one thing. No, I stand up for talk you… I’m not dancing, stop! I’m just crossing my legs, that’s all! Don’t interrupt me, I talk now.

(pee-dancing)

I’m saying: I need to do one thing. You must cover your eyes, plug your ears, ok? That’s right: how can you plug your ears with a broken arm and the other hand trapped in ‘handcuffs’? Ok, no ear plugs, just close eyes. I use this curtain to hide. Don’t make a move!

(loud hissing sound)

Ah! Quel soulagement! Yes, I am peeing, ok? I know you can hear, I don’t care, I was almost pipi myself. Merde! What? Nothing! No, I didn’t ruin panties again: you are not funny! (chuckles)

I’m still peeing, but…

(door opens)

“Brother! You came back and… Oh, n.1! I didn’t see you behind, Roland. Sorry, I’m so embarassed, but I couldn’t hold it anymore and… Well, I had to do something. And since this is a bathroom… Have you brought the doctor, brother? Oh, here is she! Just a minute… No, I’m not drunk!”

(slightly slips on the floor) I’m ok, I’m ok!

Yeah, Shirin you can come in to see the prisoner. His arm… Why this face? Do you know him?

1 = Viktoriya Isakova

2 = Cosette = Ruth Negga

3 = Roland = Edward Holcroft

5 = Em = Mia Kang

8 = Gérard "Gerry" = who cares

13 = Nymphe = Jenna Coleman

(at 16 years old) / Alicia Vikander

(now)

Doctor Shirin Nazhrin = Golshiften Farahani

*037*2018-03-10 19:58

{{19 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent

}}

Thank you! You are my biggest supporter and I appreciate that :)

By far I wrote 38 pages on Word: it's pretty big, considering that's my first attempt at writing. And that English is not my mothertounge. I'm definetly making a novel out of this. Editing the omorashi parts, it could be interesting for general market, don't you think?

