How It All Began

Author: Pee Tee

*000*2015-03-22 22:07

Here is a fictional story which I have woven around some events early in life and some fantasies which I enjoy writing about, I hope you like it.

I am sure we can all remember when we first started school and there would often be ‘accidents’ when someone in the classroom would wet themselves. There was one girl called Pam who I really liked and we used to play together, but I remember that she was just too shy to ask to go to the toilet and, as a result, she would sometimes end up wetting herself. She didn’t seem to cry or get upset about it, but would just sit quietly and, if she couldn’t hold on, then would let go and wee in her knickers.

One summer, when we were aged about 9, she had come to play in our garden. It was hot and we had the paddling pool on the lawn but we where running about in our shorts and teeshirts. We were drinking soft drinks and suddenly I realised I needed a wee; I began hopping about and holding myself as we were both laughing a lot, and I said that I really needed to go.

She also started to cross her legs and hop about and said she really needed a wee as well. I said that I really had to go in to use the toilet, but I didn't, and we carried on running around and playing, both ignoring the need for a wee.

She suddenly stopped and sat down, holding herself between the legs, and said she was nearly wetting herself and would if we didn't stop laughing. I had, for some reason, always been intrigued when she had wet herself at school and now I began to hope she would do it again, here in the garden where we were playing.

I sat down beside her and asked why she hadn’t gone inside to use the toilet yet, and she said it was because she knew that I was also dying for a wee and I hadn’t. She then looked at me and said when she was on holiday at the beach her mum told her it was ok to wee through her swimsuit in the sea if there were no toilets. She then said if we were both so desperate, why didn't we just do that now on the grass instead of going inside to use the toilet, which we couldn't be bothered to do, why didn't we just wet ourselves. It wouldn't matter as we could then jump into the paddling pool and splash around and get soaking wet to hide it.

I laughed and said I liked to wee in my trunks at the seaside as well. Secretly, I liked the idea of us both being naughty and wetting ourselves and I also really wanted to see her wet herself in front of me.

We stood up and looked at each other and started running around again playing, but then she suddenly stopped and began holding herself between the legs, and then she squatted down. As I looked, I saw the crotch of her denim shorts getting wet and turning darker as she let go and wet her knickers and shorts in front of me. I could hear it hissing through her shorts. She smiled at me as she did it, and said now it was my turn. I looked at her and at the spreading wet patch in her shorts, and I thought this was a wonderful sight. By now I was bursting and so I stood still and, after a moment, I started to let go and felt myself begin to wee, I could feel the warmth as I started to wet my pants and shorts as well, soaking them through.

When we had finished we both quickly jumped into the paddling pool and splashed around getting our clothes soaking wet so no one would know.

A few weeks later I remember we were playing hide and seek with friends and I hid in the same place as Pam, behind some bushes. While we were hiding she began jiggling about and holding herself, clearly wanting a wee. We were trying to keep quiet and not get found but began giggling together, and I began to hope that something would happen.

She looked at me and said she really needed a wee, like she had when we were playing in the garden, and was quite desperate. This time she was wearing a cotton summer dress, which she then hitched up, and began to squeeze herself with her hand and crossed her legs. But it was to no avail, as I watched she began to slowly wet herself in front of me. Once she had started, she lifted up her dress out of the way and stood with her legs apart and I could see the wee soaking through the crotch of her knickers and dripping onto the ground. She looked at me but, since I had seen her wet herself before, she didn’t seem to be too embarrassed and I was actually really excited by what had happened, so all I could manage was to promise that I wouldn’t tell anyone else, and she went off home to change her wet knickers.

After we went to secondary school we were put into different classes, but we still had mutual friends and would see each other from time to time at the youth club as we were growing up.

One evening we were together and were fooling around, when she suggested playing truth or dare. After a few rounds of ‘which celebrity we really fancied’ and the like, she asked me if I had ever fancied her, and insisted that I tell her the truth. In reality I’d had a crush on her for a long time, so I said yes I did, and I asked if she would go out with me. And so we became a couple.

We already knew each other quite well having grown up together and, when we were chatting once, the conversation came around to the time in the garden when we had been playing and had decided to wet our pants, and we had a laugh about it. She started telling me about her being too shy to ask to go to the toilet when she was young and, as a result, ending up wetting herself at school. I asked if she also remembered the sunny summer's day when we were playing hide and seek, and she smiled and said yes, she did recall having to go home to change her wet knickers. I said that I had never told anyone about it, but had kept the secret.

I was getting quite excited by the conversation, so I then asked her if she had ever wet herself again when she was older. She looked at me and said I would probably think she was awful, but she had fairly recently. She said that she was walking home from school with some girl friends and there was a torrential rainstorm; they had on blazers and school dresses and so they were soon soaked through. She said that she and another girl were also dying for a wee and they began laughing, saying they might as well just wet themselves, no one would know as they were already soaked through from the rain. Well Pam decided to do just that and, as they stood around chatting, she started to let go and slowly wet her knickers without telling them. She said that after she left them and walked alone down the road to her own house she decided to just let go and completely wet herself. When she got home she just took off all of her soaking wet clothes, put them in the wash and went for a shower.

I asked what it had felt like and she said it was lovely and warm when she was wearing cold wet clothes, and she had actually quite liked the warm feeling when she was wetting herself.

All of this talk had got me quite turned on. I got up and made us some more coffee and, while I did that, Pam told me that she needed to go to the toilet. However, when I brought the coffees back and sat down and we carried on talking, Pam made no effort to get up and go to the bathroom.

I suggested we played truth or dare again and she said ok, I could go first. Now was my moment. I plucked up courage and decided to dare her not to go to the bathroom for a wee, but to drink her coffee and then to hold on for as long as she could.

She said that she had needed to go to for a while and it was now getting quite urgent, but she would drink the coffee and see how long she could wait. I asked her if she liked it when she was desperate and dying for a wee, and she admitted that she did.

It was then her turn for a dare, she looked at me for a moment, and then she challenged me to tell her the truth about what I was thinking about, whatever was in my mind at that time.

I said that I was thinking about that time in the garden, when we were children, when we had both been bursting for a wee but had held on and ended up deliberately wetting ourselves, and also about the second time when we were hiding in the bushes and she had been desperate and had accidentally wet herself. She asked me if it turned me on thinking about those things, and I said yes it did.

By now we had finished the coffee and Pam said she was really desperate for a wee and would need to go to the bathroom soon, but it was my turn for a dare.

I looked at her and said I had dared her to hold on for as long as possible, but now I said that I didn’t want her to go to the bathroom for a wee even though she was desperate, instead I dared her to wet her knickers for me. She laughed and said ok, but it wouldn't be the first time she had done it would it. I said no, but it was the first time as an adult.

At the time we were sitting in the house, but it was a warm summer’s evening, so we decided to go into the garden, which is quite secluded. Pam was wearing a very sexy mini skirt with a white blouse, she had on no tights as it was the summer, and she wore little sandels on her feet. We strolled around the lawn and then sat on a garden bench.

Pam said she was by now really desperate and crossed her legs, and then after a few minutes said she couldn’t hold on any more and was nearly wetting herself.

She stood up in front of me and lifted the front of her mini skirt so I could just see the colour of her pale pink knickers beneath. She stood with her legs slightly apart, looked at me and smiled and said that this was a very naughty dare, but she would do it for me.

We waited a few moments, nothing happened, her knickers were dry, but she closed her eyes to concentrate and was clearly trying to wet herself. By now my mouth had gone really dry and my heart was racing.

As I watched she began to wee, slowly at first, and I saw a small dark patch appear as her pale pink knickers began to get wet between her legs. It stopped for a moment, and then began to spread again as the colour turned darker pink, and she slowly wet herself. She looked at me and smiled, and continued to wee more and more, emptying her full bladder and soaking her knickers and the grass.

By now I was horny as hell, with a massive erection bulging in my pants. I leaned across and gently touched the warm, soaking wet cotton, rubbing her between the legs. We gently kissed each other, and we were by now both so turned on we couldn’t help it.

