The Bursting Co-Worker - Part 2

Author: pdancefan

*000*2015-10-21 23:13

Hi Everyone! Here is part 2 of my story - Sorry it took so long to post it!

THE BURSTING CO-WORKER - PART 2

Wendy went to work the next night, but was surprised Mary was not there. She had forgotten that Mary was off tonight. Cursing her luck, Wendy settled down to her job. The time passed slowly, and about half of her shift was gone and still no "gotta go" sightings.

Finally, a women in her late twenties, with long black hair entered the store. She was wearing very tight gray yoga pants and a matching sweat shirt. She had her ten year old daughter with her. "Can you tell me were the girls’ pants are?" Wendy’s attention was caught by the way the woman was acting. She was rocking from foot to foot as she spoke. "The girls’ section is over this way," said Wendy, motioning for the woman to follow her.

Pointing at the shelves with girls’ pants on them, the woman started looking though them, again rocking from foot to foot. "What do you like here,

Sophie?" she asked her daughter. "I don’t know!", said Sophie. "You have to pick something, Sophie, this is the eighth store we’ve been in and

Mommy’s really gotta pee!" Wendy heart skipped a beat at the woman’s words.

"Here! How about these pink jeans?"

"I don’t know!"

"Go try them on!"

"Oh Alright!"

Wendy showed them the dressing rooms, and Sophie went inside to change.

Her mother sat on a chair outside and waited. Wendy tried no to stare, as the mother jiggled her legs up and down to fight the urge to pee. "Come on

Sophie, hurry up!", she pleaded. Sophie finally came out wearing the jeans. They fit perfectly. "Okay Sophie, those will do, now go hurry up and change back, so we can find a bathroom for Mommy."

Sophie went back inside to change. Her mother, meanwhile, suddenly stood up and started pacing back and forth. "Hurry Sophie, Mommy’s gonna pee herself!" Wendy nearly fainted at the last statement. After what seemed like ages, but was really only a few minutes, Sophie reappeared, and Wendy led them to the cash register.

Standing at the counter, the mother began stepping from foot to foot, this time occasionally lifting her right leg and pressing it against her crotch and left leg to try to keep control of her bladder. Wendy was so excited watching this that she could barely make her fingers work on the keys.

Finishing the transaction, Wendy placed the jeans in a bag with the receipt and handed it to her. The mother thanked her and turned and started toward the exit.

"Oh! Hurry Sophie! OHHH!" she suddenly squeezed her thighs together as they walked along. "Oh God! Oh Sophie! Hurry! HURRY! MOMMY’S GOTTA PEE!"

The mother suddenly froze. "Unnnh! Oh God! It almost came out!" She resumed 

walking with her thighs tightly pressed together as she hobbled toward the exit. Wendy watched as the mother came near the doorway. Just as she reached the doorway, she froze abruptly. "Unnnh! Ohhh God! Mommy’s gonna pee herself!. Oh God! Ohhh Godddd! Oh My Godddddd! SOPHIE! OH GOD! MOMMY’S

PEEING HERSELF!"

Wendy stared in disbelief as the women’s gray yoga pants went dark in the seat and a thick stream of pee hissed out through the cotton fabric and down her legs to form a puddle on the highly waxed floor. The pee continued for 30 seconds, the woman frozen to the spot until her bladder was empty. 

As the pee was still pouring out, Wendy noticed the woman shudder and grunt audibly, and was stunned when she realized the woman had just had an orgasm from peeing her pants - and in the middle of a shopping mall!

The peeing stopped and the mother finally came to her senses. "Come on

Sophie, we have to go home right away. Mommy needs to change her clothes."

And they left.

Wendy stood at her counter in disbelief. Then her coworker Carrie came over. "Hey Wendy! Come here and look at this." Wendy followed Carrie to the dressing rooms. Carrie opened the door to the first one on the left.

"See this?" Wendy looked at the carpet in the dressing room. There was a large wet spot on the carpet. "I’ll be damned!"

"What?"

"My customer’s daughter tried on a pair of jeans in here. She must have peed on the carpet while she was changing." Carrie said she would see that the carpet was cleaned.

Wendy had a hard time calming down the rest of the night.

