Choose Wisely: The Labryinth. My new omorashi story!

Author: kyrieelleison14

*000*2014-01-24 22:45

So this is my brand new story with a horrible title that I've been writing all break, it's sort of a choose your-own-adventure style story, so if a character makes a choice and you'd like to see the other option or options, feel free to message me or post it. Enjoy!

Chapter 1: The Moving Wall

“…And that’s about the gist of it” Anna said having just finished telling the group all she knew of what had just happened. “Granted it’s not much but that’s all I know”. Standing in front of her were four other girls, Nikki, Laura, Michelle and Natalie.

They were standing in a dim chamber with five long hallways and no windows or doors. None of them had any idea where they were or what they were doing there, having all just woken up in the room, but it wasn’t a place they would ever want to wake up in. The room was strange, it lacked any electric lights but several torches glowing dimly on the walls, and illuminating the cracked stone floor and walls that looked like either an ancient labyrinth or a sewer tunnel. The girls were all sitting on the floor they had woken up at, surrounded by some cracked bricks and mortar.

“If any of you are in on this this isn’t funny at all” said Nikki, who was 18, slightly athletic, had semi-short brown hair and green eyes and was wearing cloth shorts and a tank top, having been until recently working out at her high school’s gym before waking up, she woke up first, and it was her yelling in panic that roused everyone else as she ran around the area looking for an exit or a window.

“Judging by everyone’s faces I’m assuming no one is in on this” said Laura, who was 19, had long dark hair and brown eyes, skinny, and was wearing blue jeans and a t-shirt, and had been falling asleep in her psychology lecture when she woke up here.

“I still don’t believe that I go from taking a nap in my own apartment to this place” said Michelle, who was the oldest at 21, she was tall, had short brown hair and was wearing a denim skirt and blouse. She was a college student as well, but was a senior studying Political Science at the same school Laura studied Psychology at; they knew each other only by association until now.

“Guys, what if whoever put us here is going to kill us or something” Anna said shaking at the thought, she was the youngest of the group, at 17, and was short and skinny, wearing jeans and a t-shirt both fitting a bit loose on her, and had strawberry blonde hair. She had been heading to the restroom at her high school, but she never made it there, a fact she recalled after feeling a small twinge in her bladder.

“Uhh, and I kind of have to pee to boot” she said under her breath realizing her original task before waking up here, but they all heard.

“Well I guess you’ll have to hold it” Natalie said rather quietly. She was 18, with back length blonde hair and was wearing denim shorts and a tank top, with a bathing suit underneath as she had been getting ready to go out with friends to the beach, having taken a day off of her senior year of high school.

“Right, so none of us are in on this I hope, she has to pee and we all need to get out of this weird place before something terrible happens to us, that’s the situation right?” said Laura counting off each idea on her fingers. “Then we should start moving, there’s five hallways right, so we have five possible choices, so do we each pick a hallway and divide and conquer?”

“I’m saying we should stick together, five hallways or no, we can do one at a time” said Nikki getting up and walking over to one of the hallways at random “How about this one?” It looked no different than the other four, but it was the closest to their current position.

“Sure, but we should still be careful” said Natalie, who also was standing and looking down another hallway into the darkness ahead of her. “This place doesn’t seem right, like it’s not what it seems or something, and whoever or whatever put us here hasn’t shown itself yet”

“Fine, Fine, pick one and let’s start moving, the longer we stay here the more time we’re spending doing nothing” Michelle said tapping her foot impatiently, hiding the fact that she suddenly needed to pee herself.

“How about this one then” Nikki pointed, again there was nothing distinct about it, but it was opposite the hallway Nikki had chosen.

“I don’t see why not” said Laura and after getting nods from everyone else she started slowly walking down the hallway, taking short, careful steps.

The others followed suit, looking around carefully while they adjusted from dim light to dimmer light, these hallways weren’t light by torches or anything except strange glowing stones that lined the ceiling and walls, casting everything in an odd greenish light. Anna was walking at a slightly slower pace than the others, her need to pee was catching up to her and she was feeling very uncomfortable, but she shook her head slightly and tried not to focus on it.

They all walked silently down the hallway, none of them talking, but each of them independently came upon their own growing need to pee, and at the rate it was growing they needed to pee soon. They saw a line of glowing stones on the floor, similar to the ones on the wall but in a straight line across the floor. They did nothing until both Laura and Nikki had crossed it, at that point it turned a dark red and seemed to flicker, followed by a sound of grinding gears slowly revving to life.

“What did you guys do” Michelle said backing away from the stones.

“I don’t know! They just changed as I walked over it” Nikki said looking at the odd lights flicker menacingly. There was a sound of stone scraping over stone, and a rhythmic smashing sound coming from behind them. They could see in the distance the dust shaking off of the ceiling with each bang.

“Run! Now!” Natalie yelled taking off down the hall. The others sprinted after her as the banging grew louder.

“What did we do?” Laura yelled sprinting down the hall that seemed to never end or turn. “No time to figure it out, it’s getting closer” Michelle said chancing a glance behind her, all of them had seemingly forgotten about their need to pee.

Suddenly the hall opened up into a great cavern, there seemed to be no ceiling, only darkness above, and below was a rocky floor that was glowing faintly in places, as if the area was volcanically active. There was only the path they had been on, turning into a bridge that separated them from falling down to the ground below.

“We must be deep underground” said Anna looking at the darkness above them. “No time to stop and look there’s still something chasing us” Natalie said and they started running again, but before long they reached a broken section of the bridge, and a narrow strip of block was all that remained attached to either side.

“Who’s going to cross that?” Anna said panicked, it looked like it wouldn’t support more than the weight of a feather, let alone five girls.

“Well, you’re the smallest and lightest, you go first” Michelle said matter-of-factly.

“No, no, no, I can’t keep my balance on that thing, especially when I need to pee this badly” Anna protested, rubbing her legs together to illustrate her need.

While she was protesting, what was chasing them emerged from the hallway, it wasn’t anything living, more like a solid wall that was being pushed along the path by some sort of engine behind it, and being that there was no way around it, it would send them falling into the cavern below if they couldn’t get out of the way.

“We don’t have time for this go Anna, now, I need to pee too and I don’t want to die either!” Nikki yelled, pushing Anna onto the edge of the path.

Anna was shaking violently as she put one foot on the edge of the path. Her bladder twinged violently, maybe from fear but she didn’t know, she put a hand in between her crotch and put another foot onto the narrow strip. It held her weight, so she edged a little farther. Adrenaline pumped through her as she tried her best not to look past the blocks she was walking across. She was shaking but she was so far supported by the bridge, and soon she was almost to the other side.

“You can do it” Michelle and Natalie chanted as she walked. Finally, she had crossed the whole strip with no problems and she turned around “We’re good come on hurry up” she called to the others. She wasn’t quite “gifted” with sports and her balance wasn’t too stellar, so she was excited to have made it without issue.

“I’ll go next then” Michelle said, since Laura looked pale as milk, and Natalie didn’t look too fond either, Nikki was watching the stone wall slowly move towards them. “Don’t stop to smell the roses then” she said nervously. Michelle moved to take a step, but as she did the stone wall’s machinery let out a huge grinding bang, shaking the path violently, and the whole strip cracked suddenly, and fell to pieces. “Oh shit!” Laura yelled, looking at the crumbling remains of their only path away.

“What are we gonna do!” Nikki yelled “Maybe we can push the machine to a stop” Michelle said and made to move towards the stone wall. “Maybe I could jump it!” Nikki said suddenly and she backed up to get a running start.

“No you’ll never make it!” Laura said quickly, but too late, Nikki was already at a full sprint, within seconds she reached the edge and jumped stretching across the gap, her legs sticking out in an effort to urge herself another few inches. She almost made it too, but she scraped her fingers against the edge and fell into the chasm below, disappearing from sight.

“Noo!” Anna screamed, running to the edge of the broken bridge, she kind of knew Nikki from school, she could almost call her a friend, and to watch her fall to her death was more than she could bear. Tears began to run down her cheeks.

“She’s gone” Michelle said, turning to face the moving wall, which was almost to them “and soon so will we, if she can’t make it neither can we” she said blankly.

“We need to try to hold this wall back” Natalie said running up to the wall and putting her shoulder into the wall, it seemed to work for a small period of time, but the machine made a grinding noise and it seemed to gain more speed, pushing Natalie along with it, despite her bracing.

“There’s got to be a way, there’s just got to be” Laura said, she in a full panic now, running around the path as though there was something they’d have missed.

“Laura, calm down, you’ve got to focus” Michelle said trying to get her to focus “Maybe we can hold the wall together”, but the wall had just about reached them, and she had to focus on trying to push back the stone wall with Natalie while Lauren danced around the small square of remaining bridge left to them.

“No no no no I don’t want to die” Laura screamed, “This can’t end like this, I don’t know why I’m here, I just want to be out of here!” While she was yelling and running around, a small dark patch began to form on her jeans. Natalie and Michelle both watched as the crotch of her jeans began to darken, the patch spreading along her inner thighs and down her legs. There was a dull hissing sound that could be heard faintly over the grinding of the machines gears, and soon Lauren had left a puddle on the floor, her jeans glistening with pee still leaking from her crotch. She didn’t seem to notice at all, and she was splashing around in her puddle as she wandered the remaining bridge they had left.

“Oh my god you’re peeing yourself Laura” Natalie yelled, which seemed to snap Laura out of her panic enough for her to look down.

“I’m what, I’m-oh god I’m peeing myself” Laura yelled blushing furiously, her hands going to her crotch to assess the damage. “I haven’t done this since I was a-POOF!” Laura had disappeared from sight in a puff of smoke and a pop, when the smoke cleared she was nowhere to be found, only the puddle that had formed remained.

Natalie, Anna and Michelle all looked horrified.

“What…” Was all they were able to say, before the machine lurched forward suddenly, and the two remaining trapped girls were forced to about a foot from the edge of the bridge.

“How did she disappear?” Anna called to them, dancing around looking for something to help in some way, a stick or a board or rope, but there was nothing but some broken rubble.

“I don’t know and I don’t care, we’re about to join Nikki unless we can stop this” Michelle yelled angrily, pushing on the block desperately.

“Pushing isn’t working, what can we do” Natalie yelled to Anna.

“Maybe you guys can try to jump and hope for the best” Anna yelled back, but with a sudden grinding and banging the machine lurched forward one last time, pushing both girls into the pit, who fell screaming into darkness.

“Nooo!” Anna screamed as the machine continued forward uninhibited and eventually followed the girls over the edge into the darkness, as it fell Anna saw there was a lever on the back that might have shut it off had they been able to reach it.

Anna was alone…Scared, shocked and needed to pee, and alone. After what seemed like ages she heard the terrible crash of the machine finally hitting the ground below.

“I guess I can only go forward” Anna said sadly, and looked ahead at the path before her, she stole one last glance at the cavern below before she started walking, where she was heading she had no idea but she hoped it led to a way out.

*002*2014-01-25 05:49

{{: 

Was wondering if at some point Michelle could be the next one to have an accident?

}}

I'm actually writing that chapter now, but it will come after a little bit of focus on Anna first ;)

*004*2014-01-25 06:26

Both chapters will be happening simultaneously, one following one group one following the other group
