Hermoine in a Diaper?

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2011-10-18 22:24

Hermoinein a Diaper?

DewLeaf

Hermoine confidently picked up asnail shape stone off of a pumpkin and threw it into Hagrid’s hut to get theattention of those inside. She picked upa second one, and threw it directly into hair’s head.

“Ouch! That really hurt!” he exclaimed from rightbeside her. Yes there were two of themfor Hermoine and Harry who were outside the hut, had gone back in time with a magicdevice that hung around Heroine’s neck to try to save Harry’s Godfather from afate worse than death.

At the moment, however, they werealso focused on saving Buckbeak whom they liked especially after the hippogriffhad humiliated their worst peer, Malfoy. At any moment, the folks from the ministry were going to come toslaughter the great monster.

Finally, Earlier versions of Ron,Hermoine, and Harry were leaving out the back door, and Harry and Hermoine whowere the time travelers, had to duck back further into the bushes.

The good thing about magic, wasthat when you were confident, and capable, it can fix or hide almost everythingthat would make a teenager’s life difficult, and give them more confidence thattheir secrets would not be exposed. The drawbackto hiding your secrets through magic however, is that anytime you feltunconfident or when you faced a situation that made you feel powerless, thenthat magic can be undone by your lack of confidence.

Hermoine, Ron, and Harry werewatching as the ministry talked inside the cabin, and all of them were feelingpowerless. Hermoine was showing, for thefirst time in three years, a kind feeling that she really couldn’t fixeverything.

From behind where the three stood,Harry’s jaw dropped as he saw what looked like her jeans peeling like skin backto reveal some kind of hole in real space, and he could see a diaper beneaththe veil created by the magic. It wasonly a small hole in reality, and it was further down her hips. It revealed a pink diaper! He looked a bit closer just as Hermoinenoticed the displacement herself.

“Is that what my hair really lookslike from the….” But seeing that Harry was already looking, she just mumbled “back?” She wanted to draw his attention up higher,but it was too late.

He already saw that not only wasshe in a diaper, but it was sagging a bit from her having peed herself sometimeearlier. Her face couldn’t keep fromturning maroon as she stood there speechless for a moment, but the three hadjust left chasing after Scabbers, and Harry started towards the Hippogriff totry to defuse the awkward situation.

“No… not yet,” stammered Hermoineher confidence now wavering that he had seen her secret. “We have to make sure they see the Hippogrifffirst or they’ll blame Hagrid.”

“Right.”

They finally approached Buckbeak,and Harry went to untie him after bowing low to him. He told Buckbeak to leave, but the stupidbeast just stood there looking at him. He wasn’t really thinking at the moment, because catching Hermoine inher secret was still filling his mind.

Hermoine, however, had gone forthe ferrets and started to lead Buckbeak to follow them. As they walked back towards the WhompingWillow, Hermoine could tell that Harry was still thinking about what he hadseen. She wanted to get the awkwardnessbehind them as she and he approached the tree.

“Alright,” Hermoine decided tocome out with it. “I wear diapersbecause sometimes I pee my pants, okay?” she asked him trying to get him tostop acting weird about it.

“Oh, I know,” Harry turned redderthan even she did. “I suspected as muchfor a long time now.”

They were now waiting for theaction to start again.

“If you know, then why are youbeing so weird about it?” Hermoine asked him a little upset.

“I… I’m not. It’s just, um, I thought it was just mydaydreaming, or that the light was funny or something. I never actually expected to find out forsure that you had to use them.”

“Well, I do, so can we talk aboutsomething else?”

“No. Because I’ve been wanting to know for a longtime. I have to know. Are you in the same one as earlier, or haveyou changed it yet?” he looked up at her.

“If I let you see, will youpromise to drop it?”

Harry shrugged. He wasn’t sure if he could drop it. Hermoine took both of his hands. She looked into his eyes so he would know shewasn’t lying. She whispered.

“The thing is, Harry, I did changemy diaper, but that was hours ago. Andthen we were in the Hospital wing for so long, that um… I haven’t had a chanceto change since leaving the castle this time, and I’ve already started to leaka little.”

“So, you um… still have to pee?”

“Yeah.”

“Well, can I see you do it? Can I see you pee the diaper?”

“Do you want to?”

Harry nodded his eyes on hersparkling eyes.

“Alright, but if I do this, youcan’t tell Ron that I wear them, and you can’t let anyone else know about myaccidents.”

“I won’t,” Harry whispered a handreaching across her shoulder and rubbing it.

Hermoine sighed and then shepointed her wand at her jeans. Immediately, her jeans disappeared because they were only an illusion,and Harry could see her pink diaper there in the evening air.

“It’s kind of cute,” he blushed ashe whispered to her. But it was morethan cute. He could feel an unfamiliarfeeling as something in the pit of his stomach started to become solid, and hesuddenly was very aware of his own boy? No manhood? His trousers wererestricting his third leg from extending out and it felt quite uncomfortable ashe watched her squat down, and he watched between her legs, her face looking upat him almost like a little girl as her eyes looked up at him with trust.

He squatted down next to her, andhe watched between her legs, waiting for it to happen. Hermoine reached her hand out and took hisleft hand, and she squeezed it for the confidence she would need to do what shewas about to do. This was the first timeshe had ever done this on purpose, just to show someone she liked what it wouldbe like. She was nervous, but excited. She kind of wanted Ron to be the first, tosee it, but Harry was the first to notice, and he was still a good friend.

After a moment or two, Harry sawher face relax, and he thought he heard the faint wetting down that filled upthe diaper. Then, he saw it bulge out asthe water pushed it down before being able to absorb it, and he smiled. He squeezed her hand and whispered.

“That’s a good girl,Hermoine. Just do it, everything!” andhis eyes rolled back as his own loss of control, started to throb against hispenis until the oozing white stuff started shooting into his pants. It was not going to be easy to hide, but atthe moment, he didn’t care as her sitting there, thoroughly soaking her diaperturned him deeper into oblivion and he power-pissed the cum all over theinsides of his underwear.

Hermoine, seeing that Harry wasgetting off on her peeing her diaper, started to feel funny below as well, andthough she tried to rub the burning feeling from the outside of her diaper, itjust wasn’t helping the yearning itch to have something against her skin. She whispered to Harry.

“Do you want to feel it?”

Harry had a hungry look in hiseyes as he opened them to what she had asked. “May I?”

She took his hand, and she guidedit down the front of her wet warm diaper, and he felt that her skin was smoothand then there was a different kind of wetness, and a squishy satisfying feelbetween her legs.

He slipped his fingers up into herand ….

Time passed rather quickly, andHarry had to hurriedly take his hands from her diaper, and she had to put theillusion back so that no one could see her in a diaper, though they were stillmeant to be hiding at the moment.

The rest is written in the thirdbook, so read the story again if you want… (grin)

