Mai, Breaking her neck for the loo in high heeled sandals

Author: katie-kelly

*000*2011-12-25 15:05

This account goes back a few years ago when I met three of my work collegues at a customers site for training staff with respect to a new product.

I commuted direct to a train station near the site, where i'd be picked up by the three sales girls, Amanda, Linda and Mai.

Mai was an asian support worker, about 25 years old. She had long jet black hair, average looking girl. Amanda, the new boss, 49 and Linda 27 were both western woman.

Mai wore a black pin striped skirt suit and tan tights, and at the request of her boss wore black high heeled sandals. Mai usually wore black flats to work, but with Amanda's new promotion, she insisted that as Mai was the main customer support worker, she should start getting used to heels to create a good impression. Mai hated them, but Amanda was very persuasive. Mai had a kind duck walk, leaning forward slightly, and some of the other girls would tease her about it.

Today, she knew she could be on tiptoe for up to 14 hours and was not exactly looking forward to it. Linda was at the office already and teamed up with Mai, walking down to the company foyeur to meet Amanda. Linda wore a dark green trouser suit, with hair tied back in a bun. As they were walking towards Amanda, Linda started walking on tiptoes and had a devilish grin on her face, then pouted her lips, she must have been taking the pee out of Mai having to walk and stand in high heels all day. “I’m sure glad I don’t have to wear heels all day Mai” said Linda. “Seeing you in heels, Mai, almost arouses me. I bet the balls of your feet are burning though?” No I’m fine Linda replied Mai.

Which was totally ridiculous, as every time Mai had a chance, she’d raise the ball of one foot up, just to get some temporary relief. Ok ladies, said Amanda, just as Mai was about to walk off. We need to get going straight away. They proceeded to the car park down the back stairs, Mai’s sandals click clacking as she went downstairs. Amanda had worn a skirt suit too, but with black flats. I was just admiring your legs, Mai, said Amanda as Mai walked down in front of her. Nice tight calves! You’re still teetering a bit, hopefully you’ll get used to it. You’ll have to get used to it Mai, said Amanda laughing, just as Mai lost her balance slightly, arms going like windmills until she could re-steady herself. Mai blushed.

Getting in the car, Mai sat in the back, middle seat with Linda on one side and Amanda drove.

After about an hour, they were getting near the train station to pick me up. Amanda did most of the chatting, looking in the rear view mirror at the girls occasionally. She could get a glimse of Mai’s tan tighted knees as they were high up due to awkward position she was sitting in due to the heels. Mai gave an occasional involuntary spasm movement in her seat which Amanda noticed. Are you OK Mai? I’m quite fine replied Mai. Linda straight away replied, I hope your not getting nervous. No no I’m fine. At last they arrived. I hopped in, squeezing up next to Mai. Amanda wouldn’t allow us in the front.

As we drove off, I’m sure I could feel Mai’s buttock trembling slightly. Anyway after 10 minutes linda and I also heard the the faint tapping of the ball of Mai’s sandals. Mai then called out to Amanda. Could we stop at the next services as I need the loo. To which Amanda replied. Darling, why didn’t you go before we left? Well, I started to head off to the loo before we left, but I was shy to hold you ladies up. That was over an hour ago Mai. Can you hold or are you busting to go? To which Mai replied, actually, I’ve been breaking my neck to go for the last half hour. Linda replied, I thought you seemed uneasy in your seat for a bit.

Well look Mai, there is one more rest stop just ahead in 20 minutes. Thanks said Mai.

After a few more minutes, Mai began to rythmatically pump the balls of her feet up and down a few times. A sort of pivoting back and forth on the stiletto. Followed by a few spasmatic clenches of her buttocks.

Mai, sandwiched between two girls was frantically busting to go to the toilet, but knew relief was coming soon. As we neared the services, Amanda practically put her foot down, driving straight past. Mai couldn’t believe it. Hey, I thought you said I could use the toilet? Amanda, glanced back in the mirror. Now listen Mai. Today, you’ll hang on ‘till the first training session is complete. I don’t care if you’re busting to go. In this job, a lady should be able to hold it in, all day if necessary. Girls, don’t make that mistake. Mai, your’e going to earn your keep this morning.

I could see a tear appear in Mai’s eye, probably because she knew she’d have to hang on for about 2 hours. I hate it when I’m dying to go said linda. Doesn’t your head get hot Mai? I’d rather not answer Linda, said Mai. Stop teasing her girls. She’s obviously breaking her neck back there. Said Amanda.

During the training, Mai stood at the front slightly behind Amanda, who conducted the session. Anyone could see Mai’s awkwardness shifting from one foot to the other. The discomfort of busting to use the toilet and standing in high heeled sandals was no joke for Mai.

Even if Mai tried to stand still, because she was trembling, her ankles wobbled in spasms in their high thin stilettos.

During the break, Mai, myself and Amanda headed for the ladies. Down the corridor, you could hear the high pitched tic tacking of Mai’s sandals a mile off. Luckily there were three cubicles when we got there. Mai practically slammed the seat down, shut the door and after a bit of stuttering around on those heels, Mai slumped on the seat with a thud. Letting out a sort of fart and hissing, forceful stream into the awaiting bowl beneath her. She peed like a racehorse, making such a loud noise as her hot pee hit the water. She peed for over 90 seconds, followed be a series of short bursts as she fully emptied her swollen bladder. As she came out to wash her hands, Amanda looked at Mai. Mai blushed. You know Mai, I could have let you go back then, I just couldn’t be bothered to stop. Said Amanda letting out a giggle. Seeing you busting to go all morning, dressed up like that was actually arousing. Mai whispered under her teeth, bitch.

Mai was just about to change to some flat shoes she’d brought with her, when she her Amanda say, keep the heels on honey.

