Alice’s Bladder Torture

Author: Wetlover188

*000*2017-12-30 07:53

Alice was a sweet, 14 year old blonde girl, who was always very embarrassed when others knew she had to pee.

Chapter 1:

It was a nice Spring day, and it was a field trip day for Alice and her classmates. They were all going to a theme park. Alice had packed all of her things for the trip the night before, and she had packed a lot of water bottles. She then slept, late as usual, in her twin-sized bed. The next morning, at 7:30AM, her smartphone alarm blaring loud, she got up, only to realize that she was 20 minutes late!

She got up and she really needed to use the bathroom, but realized that she didn’t have any time to go, and because she had already showered and put on fresh clothes the night before, she just grabbed her backpack and walked out the door. She saw her bus about to leave, so she had to run to it, making her heavy bladder bounce and jiggle around. She managed to catch the bus, and as soon as she entered it, she noticed only one seat available, and that was right next to her crush, Larry. She then had no choice but to sit down next to him. “Oh hey Alice”, Larry stated in excitement. “H..heyy”, Alice replied nervously. She immediately crossed her legs tightly.

“You seem a bit, fidgety, are you okay?”, Larry asked. “Y-Y-Yeah, I’m f-fine”, she answered while her lips quivered from her desperation. Alice doesn’t like the idea of other people knowing that she has to pee, but because she hadn’t used the bathroom in the morning, it was almost impossible for her to hide her desperation. They then continued to talk, and about 1 hour into the trip, she saw a large sign that read ‘REST AREA’.

Alice felt a huge sense of relief, and she confidently stepped out of the bus and walk to the ladies bathroom, only to find out that there was a huge line! Alice saw all the other girls coming from different trips, all doing the pee-pee dance in line, and Alice started to do the same. About a minute later, she heard a loud honk coming from the bus. She has to leave, but she still hasn’t used the bathroom, and she felt her bladder grow, almost bulging. She managed to slowly walk to the bus without wetting her tight jeans. She asked the bus driver when the next stop was while crossing her legs, and he replied saying it will be another 4 hours. The time was 8:40AM, it had been more than 9 hours since she had last went to the bathroom. She groaned and went back to her seat.

Part 2 Coming Soon

*003*2017-12-30 16:47

Chapter 2:

Alice hobbled back to her seat, and attempted to sit down, but with such a full bladder, she had to grasp her crotch tightly so no pee comes out, and managed to bend down slowly onto her seat, immediately crossing her legs. Larry saw her actions and knew she had to pee, and he was turned on. He then said, “we’re gonna see a lot of water slides”, with a slight smirk. “mhm”, Alice replied as her lips quivered. This was gonna be one fun trip for Larry. After about 3½ hours of torture, Alice felt a sudden jolt, and apparently, the bus had rear-ended an SUV. A dime sized drop of pee touched her tight jeans, and she moaned softly as the pressure of the seatbelt was pressing on her bulging bladder.

“FOLKS, IT SEEMS THAT WE HAVE CRASHED, I NEED EVERYONE TO GET OUT AND WALK TO THEIR DESTINATION!”, the bus driver loudly stated. Alice then groaned, and un-buckled her seatbelt, and as soon as she got up, she felt her heavy, swollen bladder pull down on her. Larry got a boner just by the sight of her desperation. She slowly went up to the bus driver, and asked how long the walk will be, and he replied saying that it will be about an hour. Alice then groaned, louder this time, and walked down the stairs of the bus. She felt a cold breeze go through her bladder, and when she looked ahead, she saw nothing but a long, narrow road.

Part 3 Coming Soon

*005*2017-12-30 18:37

Chapter 3:

Alice groaned by the thought of having to walk for 1 hour with a full bladder, but she realized that there will be restrooms at the theme park, and that she could relieve herself there. So she started walking slowly, crossing her legs every 5 minutes. An hour passed by, and Alice is absolutely bursting for a bathroom. Her bladder was going to explode! She had arrived at the theme park, where she saw large board that read ‘RESTROOMS’ in bold print with the arrow pointed to the left. She immediately darted for the door, only to find out that it is out of order, and she was panicking at this point. Previously, Larry had paid a girl to go and trash the bathroom, just for his pleasure, and it was working. Alice was bending back and forth, crossing her legs, doing the pee-pee dance, and out of nowhere, her crush, Larry showed up. Since Alice hates the thought of others knowing that she needed to pee, she immediately attempted to hide her desperation, and Larry could see she was desperate.

“Come, we should go on that roller coaster!”, Larry yelled. “Ummm I k-kinda have to use t-the ba...”, “Okay, then let’s go now before the line gets long!”, Larry interrupted. “o-okay”, Alice responded in pain. They both walked to a roller coaster ride, and there was a long line waiting. They both stood in line, and Alice couldn’t help but bounce around slightly crossing her legs back and forth. At this point, Alice was stuck, since she was too embarrassed to admit that she had to pee, or anyone knowing that she has to pee, but at the same time, her bladder was beyond full, and she was about the ride a roller coaster.

After about a minute, it was their turn to get on the coaster, and while Larry got in the cart without any hassle, Alice was bending down while putting pressure on her crotch, which made getting in the cart a whole lot more difficult. Eventually, she got in the cart, and the cart being so small and tight, she couldn’t even cross her legs. She looked over the cart, and all she could see were bendy and curvy tracks.

Final Chapter Coming Soon. Stay Tuned For The Wet Ending!

*007*2017-12-30 23:36

Chapter 4:

The roller coaster started to move, and Alice held her crotch tightly. At first, nothing major had happened, but all of a sudden, the cart went fast while turning upside down, and Alice felt all of her urine shifting rapidly inside her bladder, and it was painful. After all the twisting and turning, the ride finally came to a stop, and it was time for Alice to get out of the cart. She slowly gets out of the roller coaster, and notices that there’s hot urine trickling down her tight jeans. She blushes in embarrassment, while also moaning in relief, and everyone nearby starts laughing. Her crush manages to bust a nut through his pants when all this happened.

She immediately rushed to the ladies’ bathroom, which was now open, and tries to dry her pants off, but unfortunately, they won’t dry off. This means that Alice had to take off her tight jeans, and just wear just panties all the way home. She proceeds to take off her pee-soaked jeans off, and is left with just a bright pink panty. She then puts the wet jeans into her bag, and walks out of the restroom with just panties on, and is extremely humiliated. She then sees the bus stop, and waits for her bus to arrive. After about 20 minutes, it arrives, and she gets on it, and all the way home, she cries from embarrassment, while everyone’s still laughing, and taking pictures of her.

The End. Thanks For Sticking Around!

