Zomborshi: A Desperate Apocalypse

Author: superweirdstuff1

*000*2013-11-17 20:22

Hello and welcome to the second installment of this series. If you haven't read the first installment I suggest you do so to understand how our characters got where they are. You can find it here

. Once again I would like to thank Anubis for the inspiration and would like to encourage you to vote for my next topic of choice. You can find that here

. Anyhow I apologize for the long wait. I have been very busy, and my internet has been out and I needed to get a new modem. So after life ran out of things to stop my progress I finally got the time to write up the second chapter. Also I started a new topic due to the annoying typo in the title of the last installment which bugged me more than it should have. I am a new writer and encourage feed back and criticism!

Warning: contains graphic sexual content. I read through this chapter and saw there wasn't much dealing with pee. Plus with the long wait I decided to add something special at the end to make up for it.

Chapter 2

A Long Day

After I finished relieving myself, I had a chat with Sara while Mike gathered supplies from our fallen friends and the dead marines. It took a little coaxing but I managed to calm her down and help get her cleaned up. While she went off to change I decided to help Mike gather some stuff.

"where do you think we should go?" I asked.

"It would probably be best to stay here for the night." he replied as he pointed at the orange windows. He was right of course we have an apartment about 30 minutes away and with the military gone rouge we probably didn't want to go out at night.

"Sounds like a plan to me. But what about Sara? I don't know if she has anywhere to go."

"I guess we can offer to bring her home or something. If she has no place to go, I guess she could stay with us for the night."

"Ok I'll ask her." Not an moment later I could hear a tiny voice call out my name.

"Tom. C-can you please come over here?"

I glanced at Mike and chuckled then walked over to the small boutique. I found Sara sitting on a display table with her old pair of jeans and panties in a pile on the floor in front of her. She was sporting a new pair of jeans. She looked up at me as I sat next to her.

"What can I do with these?" she said kicking her old jeans.

"We can either wash them later or just throw them out I guess."

"Tom, T-Thanks for the help and all. I appreciate it. Can you just try not and mention it? It was still really embarrassing. I had to go before and was waiting for my break but the military guys came barging in and I had to hold it. When they started shooting it just was really scary and the truck.. I..." She started choking up and tears started to form in her eyes.

"Literally scared the piss out of you." I finished.

"heh, yea I guess so. Thanks again anyway."

"No problem. Hey, are you going home or have family out there you might need to see?"

"No, I live alone and my family lives in Georgia. You and mike weren't planning on kicking me out where you?"

"No we were just wondering because we are going to stay here for the night. If you wanted to go home we were going to offer to take you."

"No I can go tomorrow. It looks like its getting late"

We stood up to leave when we heard some gun shots go off. Sara winced at the sound.

"Stay here. I'll go see if Mike is ok." I said before running off.

When I entered the lobby Mike was shooting out the shattered window.

"SHIIIITT"

As mike yelled he backed away from the window. Someone came flying through the window and tackled mike to the ground pinning him to the floor. Two more people slowly climbed through the window. One advanced toward Mike who was trying to get the guy off of him. The other walked in my direction.

"HEY WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING!?" I yelled.

"TOM HELP ME! SHUT THE FUCK UP AND KILL THIS THING!"

Thing? Did he just say thing? I looked around then remembered Miguel had a gun. I jumped over the reception counter and began searching through the rubble. I looked over at Miguel's feet and saw the gun. I picked it up smelling the stench of stale urine from Sara's incident. When I stood back up I was met by it. Mike was right, what ever it was it wasn't human anymore. It had blood pooling in its mouth and its eyes were a light shade of gray. The face was pale and lifeless and it was emitting a low moan. I held the gun to its forehead and pulled the trigger. BANG! Its corpse fell to the ground. The adrenaline was now pumping through my body. I held the gun up once more and shot at the other one still advancing towards me. I hit it in the chest but that only knocked it back. I shot once more hitting it in what was sure to be the heart, but it kept coming. It was now behind the counter. I took a step back and almost stepped on Miguel's body. I held the gun up once more.

Before I could pull the trigger I felt something grab my leg. I looked down, and Miguel had a hand wrapped around my leg. I pulled my leg free, and his entire torso leaned forward. He grabbed my leg again and tried to bite it. The other guy tried to grab me I pushed him back at this point I started panicking. I had a dead guy behind me, a thing in front of me, a wall to my right, and a truck to the left. I jumped on top the cracked counter top and onto the hood of the truck. As I was climbing on top the cabin I glanced inside, and saw the driver with blood all over his face straining against the seat belt, clawing at the shattered windshield. I quickly jumped on top the truck and remembered the gun. I turned around to see Miguel and that guy bent over the counter trying to reach me. I raised he gun and pulled the trigger. CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! Fuck you have to be kidding me! I was out of ammo! Miguel must have shot most of it at the military guys earlier.

"FUCK! ANYDAY NOW TOM!"

Oh yeah mike was still in trouble. I glanced at the two in front of me, and decided to get to mike. I jumped off the truck and ran over to him. When I got there I kicked the thing on top of him straight in the gut as hard as I could. This knocked it off allowing to Mike to get free. Mike picked his handgun off the floor and shot the thing in the head.

"Took you long enough."

"Sorry, I kept running into my own problems." I replied as I pointed over to Miguel and the other guy limping slowly to us.

We heard a moan from behind us and turned simultaneously. The pile of corpses started coming alive. Limbs were moving, hands were grabbing, and moans and hisses were heard in the pile. Mike turned and shot Miguel and his new found friend in the head. We ran back to the boutique and met up with Sara.

"I heard a lot of gun shots is everyone ok?" She asked when we entered.

I replied hastily, "Yeah we're fine, but we need to get out of here. any moment that entire pile of dead is going to be here."

"We can stay in here and close the security gate thing." Sara replied.

"Not a bad Idea. We can go to the restaurant in the building. They have those gate things in there. We can sleep on the booths, and have plenty to eat. I believe there may be restroom in there as well." Mike said.

We gathered our gear we had collected and quickly moved into the restaurant. We pulled down the security gates and claimed our booths. After that Mike and I went into the kitchen to find food. We have all grown an appetite after the long day, and I think Mike was the only one who ate lunch so Sara and I were starving. We found some pasta and decided to make some spaghetti and red sauce. Mike didn't know how to make pasta so I told him to go find drinks and a table we can eat at. A few minutes latter the pasta began to boil, and before I knew it our first meal was done. I put everything onto a serving trey and brought it out.

"Bon appetite" I said as I put the trey down next to the table, and handed everybody a bowl. "I thought we could eat family style." I placed a large bowl of pasta on the table.

Mike had found some beers and threw them in a pot filled with ice. Everyone devoured my Spaghetti and drank a few beers over some talk about our past lives.

"Tom, before we left the boutique earlier you said the dead are going to come. Did you mean all those people the military shot? They are dead. They're not coming back." Sara said. She was the first one to bring up the days events.

"The dead are coming back to life." was the only thing I could say. "That was what attacked Mike. I didn't know it at first but then I realized what was happening when Miguel grabbed my leg and tried to eat me."

"Bull Shit! There is no such thing as zombies! If you were shot at that's all you have to say. You don't have to scare me!" Sara laughed.

"No, He's right. They are all coming back." Mike said as he stood up and sipped his beer. He walked over to security gate and peered threw. Sara soon fallowed and looked threw. You could hear the various moans and sounds of feet being dragged.

"So this is it then? The zombie apocalypse?" Sara finally said.

"I guess so." Mike replied. "I had a long day and am going bed. Ill be in my booth if need me."

He said as he walked away.

Sara and I sat back down at our table and had a few more beers.

"Thanks again for the help about my accident." Sara said suddenly

"No problem. Shit happens and I understand that. To be honest had to piss too. That was why I didn't get to you sooner."

"Heh, yea I kinda saw you double over."

"Yup I kind of forgot about it until everything calmed down"

"I wish I was the fortunate."

"Speaking of which I'm thinking about taking a piss then heading off to bed"

"Same here. We can go together?"

"Sure, but in the non-perverted way I hope"

"Of course not."

We got up and walked to the bathrooms. Sara put her arm around my waist and her head on my shoulder as we walked. I just Went along with it and put my hand on her shoulders giving her a quick hug. When we arrived I was about to head into the men's room when she pulled on my hand.

"Come on." was as all she said.

I hesitantly walked into the girls room eyeing everything. She pinned me against the wall and put her arms on my shoulders. She looked at me blushing then kissed me.

"Did you like it?"

"what? the kiss? This isn't the most romantic of places, but yeah I enjoyed it."

"No not the kiss. My accident. You had this look of disbelief when you first saw me."

"what? er I uh guess I did. I don't know why but I guess I did. That may have been why I decided to help you instead of leave with Mike."

"Hhmm good. I kind of enjoyed it too. The relief, the hot piss spraying all over, and the fact that you came to help me made me feel really naughty." She said as she leaned in for another kiss. After the kiss she pulled away and walked to the middle of the room. I was still leaning against the wall watching in interest at her. She spread her legs to about shoulder width apart.

"I've been dying for a piss since before dinner. I didn't want to bother you and Mike, and I was a little embarrassed to ask." She said as she leaned against the sink.

"You have no reason to be embarrassed. Just tell us next time."

"I know. Now that I've warmed up to you guys I will."

"So are you going to go piss or did we come here to talk?"

"Fine." She said while bouncing around

She closed her eyes for a second then a grin grew on her face. A wet patch began to form on her crotch and started to spread. Her urine started to run down her leg spreading the wet patch. A steady stream ran about six inches down her thigh then poured off splattering on the floor. The sight was unbelievable. She thrust her head back, and I thought I heard her let out a moan. She must have planned this out before hand because she was standing directly above a drain, which swallowed what would have been a massive puddle. As the hissing of her urine leaving her body slowed she brought her hand to her crotch. She then looked at me and smiled.

"I can see you really enjoyed that." she said eyeing the obvious bulge in my pants. "Now It's your turn."

"One you ruined another pair of jeans. Two I cant piss myself. I can't go and get another pair of pants right now."

Sara just looked at me and laughed. She turned and pulled a bag from behind a garbage can. She then pulled out a pair of cargo shorts and threw them at me.

"Here. As for the jeans, these are the ones I wet earlier. I have been drying them off when ever you and Mike weren't around."

"Wow you really planned this out didn't you?"

"hehe. yup! Now put hurry up and put your shorts on before I get cold!"

I changed quickly, throwing off my boxers so they wouldn't get soaked. The shorts fit better than I thought they would. I turned around, and walked to the middle of the restroom and stood over the drain.

"How did you know these would fit me?" I asked patting the shorts.

"I just eyeballed your size. It wasn't too hard."

I stood there and closed my eyes trying to release the fluids inside me.

"I'm sorry I can't do it I've never done this before."

"You sound like you think I have."

"Well you looked really comfortable doing this and had no problem wetting. Also technically I know you've pissed yourself before."

She said nothing, but smirked.

"Hurry up its starting to get cold!" Sara finally said rubbing her legs. "Just close your eyes and let it happen."

I closed my eyes and just tried to relax. A few seconds went by in silence then a spurt or hot piss came out soaking into the shorts. Shit! its coming! Another spurt came out, and I could feel the patch getting larger. Finally a stream started coming soaking my shorts. I could feel the warmth of the fresh urine spread over the crotch of the shorts. I could heard it splattering on the floor as it flowed off the hem. I opened my eyes and look at myself. The piss was running down my legs. This continued for about a minute as I relieved my self. When I was done I looked at myself. The front of my shorts were completely soaked and the wet patch had spread halfway up my ass.

"How did that feel?" Sara said in a sexy tone

"Great." I said softly as she put her arms around my shoulders again.

We started kissing again. I grabbed her ass felling the now cold dampness of her urine. She reached down and started unbuttoning my soaked shorts.

"If I'm starting to get cold then you must be freezing. Lets change and bring this outside to a more sanitary place." I said.

She smiled and pulled off my wet shorts, revealing my throbbing erection. She started stroking me and I smiled. She came in for another kiss with my erection in hand. I used this to unbutton her jeans and slowly pull them down. She was wearing some lingerie that I recognized from the boutique. We kicked out wet clothing off, and sloppily put our dry stuff on. We exited the bathroom and looked for a spot away from Mike. We couldn't find a booth so we tore a couple table cloths from some tables and spread them out on the ground. We were around the corner from Mike on the opposite side of the restaurant so we wouldn't disturb him. We lied down on our blanket and began kissing again. I lied on my back she mounted me sitting on my crotch. She suddenly broke the kissing session and stood on her knees.

"Oops." she said playfully as a small dark spot started to appear on the crotch of her jeans. She stopped before it got to big.

That was all I needed to get hard again and Sara took note of this. She slid back sitting on her legs and began to unbutton my shorts. She pulled my shorts and boxers off in one swift motion. She looked back up at me and made her way back to my groin. She stopped right over my erection and took it in one hand. She began stroking me once more. I jerked my head back in pleasure. Then I felt something else start to massage me. I looked down to see her head bobbing up and down. I was in heaven. I could feel my self getting closer to orgasm. I don't know if she new that but she suddenly stopped.

"I could see you were enjoying that." she said as she leaned back on her legs.

I just looked at her and said, "Your turn."

I leaned forward and started kissing her. I Wrapped my arms around her waist and began to lift her shirt up. We broke the kiss allowing me to remove her shirt. She was wearing the matching bra to the lingerie. I then began to slide down her jeans. She lied back now wearing only the lingerie. I ripped my shirt off and crawled over her and began kissing her. She pushed me up and we sat up, and she took her bra off revealing her perfect C cup breasts. I pushed her back on her back and began kissing down her front side starting at her neck then her breast, abdomen, and groin right above her feminine parts.

I look up at her at she smiled at me. I started rubbing her with my index finger through her panties and she threw her head back in pleasure. I then moved her panties to the side and began to finger her. She let out a stifled moan. I stopped suddenly and she looked at me with begging eyes. I pulled her panties off and looked back up at her. She looked kind of nervous but I ignored it and brought my finger back. She smiled and closed her eyes again with a small "yes" of pleasure. I started massaging her left breast with my free hand and brought my mouth to the other breast.

"Ohhh god I'm getting close!"

I smiled and stopped everything and brought my face to her lower parts. I began to lick her vagina. It was the first time a girl let me go this far. I took in the new taste and accepted it. I continued this until Sara began to arch her back.

"eeeooohhh FUCK!" She gasped out.

She arched her back more than before and I brought my face up and watched as an orgasm ripped through her body.

"Ohh god that was good." she panted

"Glad you enjoyed it" I said.

"Now that that's over I guess its your turn again?" She said playfully. She sat up and began to kiss me again. She forced me on my back once again and hovered over my erection again. she held her self up with her right hand and use her left hand to stroke me.

"Safety first." she said as she grabbed her jeans and took out a condom from the back pocket. She put it on for me then began to lower herself on my erection. I looked at her and saw the nervous look again.

"Have you done this before?" I asked.

"Of course. I've had my fair share of greedy boyfriends before." she replied

"So you have had intercourse before?"

"uhh yea not exactly. With every boyfriend I've had they just wanted oral that was it. I had to finish on my own." She said blushing.

"Hey its ok. I have only once if that makes you feel any better. Let me take the lead I'll be gentle. I promise." I said as I leaned up pushing her back.

Sara lied on her back and allowed me to crawl over her. I lowered my self right over her and gently started to trust in.

"If it hurts to much just tell me." I whispered

She looked up and nodded, blushing again. I slowly started to thrust until my full length was inside her. I began to thrust in and out slowly. I began to speed little by little. Sara had her eyes shut hard and looked like she was in pain.

"Are you ok?"

"Yea its not hurting as much any more."

I stopped at a reasonable speed thrusting into her.

"Faster please." Sara suddenly said.

I began to thrust faster. Sara began to moan quietly. She suddenly shifted her wait. I stopped and she looked at me and smiled. She tackled me and brought me to my back.

"Shall we try this again?"

I just smiled as she lowered her self onto me. She began to bounce pleasure filling her face. I started thrusting into her as she rode me. She started moaning again between breaths.

"ohh god I'm going to cum again!" she said quite loudly.

I grabbed her ass and began pounding her while she was bobbing as fast as she could. She let out a big moan and I felt her tighten around me. I watched as another orgasm ripped through her. I kept thrusting as I was so close I pushed her back onto her back and began pounding into her as fast as I could. She started to gasp for breath.

"ooohhhhh goddd ohhhhhhh!!"

She tightened around me again as a third orgasm to control over her. This drove me over the edge and I thrust into her pulling her into me as I came hard into her. We collapsed back onto our make shift bed panting for air.

"Oh god that was better than I expected it to be." she said between breaths.

I just looked over at her and pulled her closer. I pulled a large table clothe over us before we both fell asleep.

*001*2013-12-22 20:45

Is any body else having trouble with the writing options? I don't know why but it isn't letting me paste the next installment. And When I try to change the font size it brings the curser back to the beginning of the post. I really want to get the next post out please help. I'm having trouble editing about everything.

*003*2013-12-22 21:16

I believe it is already written as a text document. I don't think that's the problem because it worked before with the other chapters.

*005*2013-12-22 22:12

{{: 

Hmm… I've never had this issue before. Well if it persists, there's always the option of writing your story in as a text document in a program like Word and then copy-paste it onto the forums.

}}

I Switched browser to google chrome and got it working again. Thanks anyway for the help!

Hello! Once again I am very sorry for the long wait! I was almost done with the next chapter but realized I didn't like or know where I was going with the story so a scrapped it and started over. I immediately hit some writers block after and decided to pursue on another topic I am currently writing. Once I finish with this I will post my next story. I'm not sure if you all will find it, but i put an easter egg in this installment giving the topic of my other short storey I am working on. It will probably be a one post thing unless you all would like me to lengthen it and add more wetting incidences. Also once again I encourage you to vote on the topic of my major project. You can find it here

. Thanks a lot!

CHAPTER 3:

THE PLAN

The next morning I woke up with a strong urge to pee. I was about to get up when I remembered last night. Sara was on her side with an arm wrapped around my mid torso. I carefully picked up her arm and moved it, and quietly got up. I gathered my things, put on my boxers, and put my other stuff at the booth I picked out yesterday. Before going into the restroom, I glance out a window and saw it was still dark. I turned and quickly went In restroom to myself before returning to my booth and going back to sleep.

A few hours later I woke to the smell of coffee. I put the rest of my clothes on before joining Sara and Mike.

"Morning. What time is it?" I finally said while excepting a cup of the coffee.

"According to the clock by the reception desk it was 9:30 when I got up so probably around 10:30-ish maybe." Mike answered

I took another sip of the coffee and looked in Sara's direction. She seemed sad about something. "Hey you doing alright?" I shot in Sara's direction

"Hhhmm?"

"You look kind of down about something."

"Oh I'm just not a morning person."

"That makes two of us I guess. Any body hungry besides me?"

"Yea but I looked in the kitchen and couldn't find anything breakfasty." Mike shrugged.

"Yea it only opens for dinner so you probably didn't find much for breakfast." Sara said lowly

"Well I'm going to go see what can do cause I'm starving." I said walking towards the kitchen. In the kitchen I couldn't find much to go with so I scrounged up some eggs and a rib-eye steak and made steak and eggs with a side of fruit and toast from the dinner rolls. I brought it out and set it on the table where Mike and Sara were.

"There really wasn't all that much in there. I just had to use my imagination a little." I placed Mike and Sara's plates down in front of them.

"Steak and eggs? You really out did yourself." Mike said

"Looks better than that pasta from last night." Sara said humorously.

"Oh I almost forgot the best part!" I said as I stood up and raced towards the kitchen.

I quickly came back with a covered plate. "here we go."

Sara curiously lifted the lid off the plate. Her eyes went wide as she realized what was on the plate. "BACON!? How did you forget the bacon?"

"My hands were full." I laughed.

"Now we're talking. This definitely beats dinner!" Sara said as she picked up a hand full of the Bacon.

After we all finished eating I loaded up the dishes onto a serving trey and set them aside for later. I looked at Mike and asked, "What do you think the plan for the day should be?"

Mike reached over and put a hand on Sara's shoulder."Well we're going to clean all the dishes first of all."

Sara leaned forward and pushed Mike back. "As long as I'm not doing all the work."

Mike smiled, "I promise I'll help some"

For the next hour I was laying on a booth trying to figure out what I could do for entertainment while Mike and Sara were doing the dishes. Suddenly Sara came out in a run laughing. Mike was right behind her with a strainer on his head and a pair of tongs in each hand pinching the air. Sara ran in my direction and jumped on me.

"Save me, Tom, from the evil kitchen alien robot!" Sara laughed out.

Tom was flailing his arms around yelling in a robot voice, "Beep Boop must exterminate smelly humans!"

"He tried probing me with this!" Sara said as she pulled out a turkey baster. "and take this! its the only thing that can beat him!" she handed me a meat mallet and a pot lid she had carried out here. I stood up with the mallet and lid in hand.

"FOR NARNIA!" I yelled as I charged towards Mike. I deflected hist tongs hit him in the gut with the tip of the mallet. Mike fell to his knees with the tongs on his gut.

"Noo Mike-bot 2000 was defeated by smelly human!"Mike said in his robot voice and fell to the ground lying on his side.

Sara had jumped off the booth and began to run towards me. "MY HERO!" She said as she jumped onto me. I caught her but lost my balance and fell to the ground next to mike. We were all laughing uncontrollably for the next few minutes.

"I take it you guys finished cleaning the dishes." I finally got out. We finally sat up."I'm thirsty now you guys want anything?" I asked.

"I'll have tea if they have it." Sara said

Mike still using his robot voice said, "Mike-bot 2000 will consume smelly human diet soda." We all laughed and I got up and jogged to the kitchen. I returned and Mike and Sara were sitting at the closest table. I placed the drinks down as I sat.

"So were aren't going to be doing anything today then?" I asked.

Mike put down his soda, "Actually I was thinking last night, We can't be the only people still out here. Does anybody have a phone? Mine is dead. I was thinking we could call the police or something and see if there are any more people out here."

Sara looked at him. "My phone is in my purse which is behind the counter out there." She nodded towards the lobby. "As for your phone I can get you a charger. People leave them here all the time so we keep them in the back."

"Alright so I guess in about an hour we'll suit up and go and get what we can." Mike said looking at me. "Now where exactly is your purse and chargers?"

"I can get them. You guys can get other stuff." Sara answered

"No, I would feel more comfortable if you stayed here."

Sara looked offended."Why cause I'm a girl? I'm not going to hold you back if that's what you're thinking."

Mike opened his mouth but paused for a second before saying, "Not what I meant. I just feel like it would be faster and safer if it was just Tom and I."

"No I get it have it your way." Sara said as she stormed off.

Tom sighed and looked at me. "We meet in an hour." He got up and walked into the kitchen.

I finished my water and went to look for Sara to see if she was OK. I finally found her in the bathroom sitting on the sink. "Figured you would be in here." I said as I walked up to her.

"I'm sorry for what happened. I just didn't expect that. I hate it when people put me down because of my gender."

I gave her a hug, "Completely understandable. If you need anything just holler."

"Actually, Tom, can you get me a few things?"

"Sure"

A few minutes later I walked back into the girls room wielding some kitchen shears and two glasses of water. When I walked in I was A little confused to see two chairs facing each other about four feet apart in the middle of the room. Sara sitting in the same spot where I left her. "Whoa whats going on in here."

"It's for tonight. I figure cause there isn't much else to do here we can have some fun."

"I'm okay with that but what are the scissors for?" I handed the kitchen shears to her and set down the glasses of water.

"Oh those? I need those for something else."

"I'm not sure if I want to know."

"You should probably be loading up. Mike is probably looking for you about now."

"Yea it would be awkward getting caught coming out of the women's room."

"Hehe yea that would be funny."

I gave her another hug before leaving. I walked out to see Mike fiddling with some stuff. He had two bags and rifles laid out on a table.

"The bags are empty we can put what we can get in them. The guns are fully loaded. I'll distract the..the.. dead and you can open the gate. Hold it open and I'll be right behind you. Once we shut it we can take out the dead. I'm going to the truck to find a map and maybe take out the radio if it has one. You can grab her purse. after you get that cover me. There probably be more coming through the broken window. We'll go into the back after and find the chargers."

"Okay good plan. And if something goes wrong we can meet at the gate."

"Actually I figured we can have Sara stand guard and open it for when we get in trouble or get back."

"Okay I'll let her know."

I walked back into the restroom to see Sara cutting a pair of jeans with the scissors.

"What are you doing?"

"making these things more comfortable."

"Alright, But we want you to stand guard and open the gate if we get in trouble."

"I'll be there then."

"Alrighty see you in a few."

I walked out to see Mike dressed and ready to go. I Put on a bullet proof vest and my bag. I picked up my rifle and stood ready to open the gate.

Mike started banging on the glass moving the dead to the other side. "Ready?"

I got ready to run to the gate to lift it when the dead moved over to Mike. "Ready."

Once all the dead moved moved over to mike I ran up to the gate and lifted it and walked under it. Mike ran under the gate and I dropped it. With a clash the gate closed and the dead's attention went back to us. Mike raised his rifle and I fallowed. We opened fire dropping the few near us. Mike ran over to the truck and opened the door. Stabbing the driver in the head and pushed his corpse through the other door. I ran around the reception desk and found Sara's purse and phone on a shelf built under the top of the counter. I jumped back over the desk and kneeled at the back of the truck taking cover. I was watching the window when Mike yelled.

"FUCK!"

I ran over to him "Whats wrong?" One of the dead must have been on the other side of the truck and grabbed him. It still had a knife sticking out of the crown of its head.

"That fucker scared the piss out of me." he laughed.

He closed the driver side door, and started unscrewing the radio in the truck. I was leaning over the hood of the truck shooting any dead that wondered through the window. Mike finally finished with the radio and stuffed it in his bag. We ran into the back looking for the phone chargers. We found them and grabbed one matching Mike and Sara's phone. We walked back out the way we came. The lobby had quite a few new arrivals that mike and I quickly put down. As we were shooting them We heard a sudden scream. Mike and looked to our right and something was jumping through the air. We were trying to shoot it but it went behind a corner.

I looked at mike. "What the fuck was that?"

"I have no idea."

We shot down the rest of the dead but more were coming in through the window. SCREEEEEWWARR!! Mike and I looked back to the right were that thing was and it was flying through the air at us. I put my hands up to brace myself for impact but it never came. Instead there was the shot of a rifle from behind us. The corpse of the thing fell with a thud in front of me. Shocked, Mike and looked behind to see who shot. Sara was standing there with a rifle pointed in the air sporting a sexy pair of homemade short shorts. Mike and I look looked back at each other then back at Sara.

"Whoa." was all I could get out. .

"Y'all comin or what?" Sara said angrily. I just realized she had the gate propped open with a chair waiting for us.

Mike and I ran over to the gate and met Sara. We turned and the three of us began to pick off the dead coming in through the window. After we cleared the room we went through the gate one by one. Sara went in first and I handed her my bag then went through while mike continued to shoot the dead. After I was through Mike slid his bag through then pulled the chair out from underneath as he went through. The gate closed with a crash and we were all safe again. We all walked back over to our table and threw our stuff on it.

Mike was the first one to touch the subject."You look hot."

"gee thanks!!" I said sarcastically Sara just looked up and smiled.

Sara opened a bag and took out he chargers. "Where's my purse?"

"Oh its in my bag." I said tossing her the bag. Sara took out her belongings and found her phone.

"Damn mine is dead too." she said as she tossed her phone on top of her purse.

"How about we eat lunch while the phones charge. You guys clear off the table while I go whip something up real quick." I suggested.

"Alright I'm game." Mike said already putting stuff on another table.

I went into the kitchen and put together some sandwiches. I also got an assortment of beverages and put them on ice to bring out. I brought out the drinks first then the sandwiches. When I came back out with the sandwiches Sara was already sipping on a tea and Mike a beer.

"All the sandwiches are filet. This place doesn't carry cold cuts as you would imagine." I said as I picked up a sandwich.

"So Steak sandwiches then?" Sara asked.

"Yup."

"That sounds delicious."

I popped open a bottled Root beer and took a swig. Then dove into my sandwich. We all ate in quiet and enjoyed the food.

"That was good." Sara finally said.

Mike leaned back to stretch. Once he leaned forward again he looked at Sara."Speaking of good, where did you learn to shoot like that. Killing that thing midair was pretty impressive."

"My dad used to take me hunting when I was little. He taught me how to shoot."

"Well thanks to him Tom here gets to live another day." Mike motioned towards me.

"Yea Thanks for that." I said.

"No problem. Hey do you think the phones are charged?"

"Only one way to find out."

We got up and looked at the phones. They were both fully charged.

"Damn I have so many missed calls and texts." Sara said when she turned her phone on.

"From who?" I couldn't help but ask.

"Mostly my friend Lindsay. She has the apartment next to mine. Most of these are asking if I'm alright and where I'm at."

I looked up at tom. "Now that we have working phones who are we going to call? We don't know if any body is still out there."

"I don't know. That's a good point. I'm probably going to call everybody on my phone to see if I get a response."

We brought the phones back to the table and Sara and Tom fiddled with them While I cleaned up the dishes. When I came back Mike looked like he had given up.

"Any luck?"

Mike looked up."No, every one of them went straight to voice mail."

Sara looked up at me. "Same here."

I sat down and slumped in my chair."So now what do we do?"

Sara bolted up."I have an idea. There's one more number we can try."

Miked looked at her curiously."And who would that be? I doubt who ever it is wont pick up."

Sara glanced at Mike then back at her phone."The one number you call in an emergency."

Mike looked at her like she was crazy."You think the police are going to help. I don't know if you noticed but the world went to shit. Besides the last time we had any help from them they tried to kill us all!"

Sara looked back angrily and put the phone up to her ear."Its worth a try and I don't suppose you have any better ideas. Now shut up Its ringing." A few seconds passed and nothing. Suddenly Sara perked up.

###

(Sara's conversation)

"H-Hello?"

"Oh my god is sombody there"

"static"

"No! hello? please pick up!" a new voice picked up. "Hello? did somebody actually call?"

"Yes!"

"Holey shit! no fuckin way! I was starting to think I was the only one out here."

"No there's a small group of us."

"Where're y'all at?"

"uhh the North Grounds building."

"No fucking way. If that's the building I'm thinking about It was one of the first to be hit by the military."

"It was.."

"Then how the fuck did you survive?"

"I was the receptionist so I was behind the desk. My friends were in the staircase. One guy had a gun with him and a security guard got a gun. One guy was under all the bodies until the gunfire stopped, and one guy hid behind a flower pot. Also a truck smashed through the front door and through the lobby which hit a couple people."

"Damn sounds like some intense shit. How many of you are there?"

"Three. There were only five survivors but two left."

"You have room for one more? I'm running low on supplies."

"uhh yea. If you make it here we're in the restaurant in the building."

"Alrighty. I'll leave at dawn tomorrow."

"OK"

###

"What did he say?" I asked once Sara put down the phone.

"He was by himself I think. He wanted to know if he could join us. I said yes. He said he'll leave at dawn."

Mike looked at Sara with disbelief."So you didn't get a name and potentially sent this guy to his death. Way to go."

"Shut up." Sara said sharply. "like you would have done better."

"I would have at least asked if he was actually by himself and how safe the place he was at is!"

I intervened before the argument got worse. "So that's it then? No one else to call?"

Mike leaned back."Looks that way."

"I might try again later." Sara said. She stood up to leave but was stopped by a sudden Ba-Ding from her phone.

"Who is it?" I asked as Sara picked up her phone.

"No way! Its my friend Lindsay! She says that this old man turned the apartment complex into a refugee camp. And that I can go there. They have plenty of supplies and beds. The only down side is you have to do your own share of work."

Mike perked up at this. "I don't mind a little work as long as I get to stay."

"Yea that sounds good to me." I agreed "Tell Lindsay that you have company."

"Already ahead of you." Sara smirked. Ba-ding! "She said that the old man made himself in charge for now and said no outsiders only people with apartments in the building can stay. But she doesn't see why you all wouldn't be able to stay because there is plenty of rooms available."

Mike looked at Sara. "Cool. We can leave tomorrow. How far away is it?"

"Normally a 30 min drive, but that is with traffic. I also think we should wait awhile. Just in case that guy makes it here."

"We can leave a note that says where we went and leave it here. We can also leave some supplies for who ever comes through here."

I joined in,"Before we leave we can also put a few signs outside that point inside for safety or something."

"That's not a bad idea." Sara said satisfied.

"We're running low on ammo so I would like to get more supplies which means we will have to go back out for another run." Mike said seriously.

"Plus we need to find a truck or something that can plow over the dead." I added

"The parking garage is connected to the restaurant on the other end. We can go that way. The only thing is somebody is going to have to stay and raise the guard rail and gate if they are closed.' Sara said pointing to the other side of the room.

Mike pulled out the map he got from the truck and laid it out on the table. He got Sara to mark where her apartment building is. Mike circled a few other places on the map.

"Okay we are here." Mike said pointing at a quick drawing of a house. "Tomorrow we will load up a selected vehicle we will find tonight. One person, like Sara said, will have to raise the guard rail. Who ever does that will have to run behind the car as it passes. We will stop briefly allowing them to get in." He explained. "This is a camping store." He said pointing to a C he wrote on the map. "We will stop here and pick up some real backpacking bags in case we have to walk. From there we will go here." He pointed at a G on the map."I believe there is a small gun store here. If there is anything left we can take it with us. From there we will go to the apartment building." Mike looked up at Sara. "You are going to get us in."

Sara nodded in agreement. We all looked up looking at each other.

"Any questions?" Mike asked

I looked at Mike and nodded. "Nope. Sounds like a plan."

