New Marauders - Page 3

Author: Nimbus

*050*2012-05-16 22:50

If any one noticed the last installment was rather abrupt, well I was in the middle of writing and I got a five second warning that we were going out to eat, so I posted before rushing out:( I would have finished it last night but I fell asleep so here we go, Christmas break:) oddly contrasting to the fact that summer just started for me today. Hope you enjoy, showed a little of Rachel's more charismatic side today, though you might not notice it.

I slowly tread down stairs for breakfast, always avoiding the second steps till I got to the hall in time to have a meal with my friends before they left, including Fred.

"Hey about the tutor session, I'm going to the burrow." Fred muttered a little sadly.

"It's Ok, I kinda forgot today was the start of Christmas break anyway."

"Great." He kissed me on the cheek and I began to eat breakfast with the group.

Cody and Hugo began to play wizard chess while they waited for the Hogwarts Express while Lisa and Annalise talked about the Yule ball. I on the other hand took a walk around the Hogwarts grounds with Fred.

"You sure you're ok being here alone?" He asked. I nodded as we trudged through the snow, his maroon hoodie covering my hourglass figure. He himself wore a black t-shirt and jeans. "If you run into an trouble with Rachel, let me teach you a fun spell."

"What spell?" I asked.

"Levicorpus." He said flicking his wand at me. Suddenly my body flipped so I was dangling from my legs upside down. I became thankful for my pantyhose as my skirt now billowed towards my chest. "Librecorpus." He said. Suddenly my body fell to the ground and I landed on my butt. "Now you try." He said.

I scowled at him bitterly as I drew out my wand. "Levicorpus." I found myself chanting several times until he was floating upside down several feet above the ground. I grinned as I strut away.

"Hey!"

"Librecorpus!" I heard him fall to ground. "We're even." I said before entering the castle. It wasn't long till I found myself hugging Fred good-bye as he left for the express. I turned to hug the rest of my friends good-bye including Cody, who I blushed awkwardly hugging before turning to hug Annalise. "Don't have to much fun with out me." I grinned at my friends.

"Wouldn't dream of it beautiful." Suddenly I felt Fred's lips on mine as we kissed, I felt his tongue dart into my mouth a few times before we moved apart and he left. I watched them head towards Hogsmeade sadly before turning to head up to my dormitory. I found myself frowning as I got to the door of my dorm. I decided to try out the new Weasley invention of Floo Entertainment. I found the small fire pit in the room and tossed a small handful of purple Floo powder. Suddenly Arthur Weasley's idea that got him rich gave me entertainment. The wizard's answer to Muggle television began to play a sitcom in the fire pit.

I swished my wand a few times to change it to a horror movie before pulling the blankets over my body till dinner.

Around lunch time I felt my bladder fill but I ignored it, engrossed in the horror movie marathon. Djinn appeared with a silver platter of sandwiches and a pitcher of pink lemonade and a single glass.

"Thanks. Care to join me?" I asked him scooting over.

"Oh no, Djinn is horribly frightened by scary movies, besides he must tend to the other students. Thank you though." He was gone in a pop. I shrugged my shoulders and began to eat, drink and enjoy the movie. The sandwiches and lemonade magically kept refilling until I was stuffed. I set down the sandwiches but occasionally would refill my pitcher as the day grew later and my bladder grew more full.

It was growing late when I found myself rocking back and forth, sitting on my heels with boy hands in my crotch as I promised myself that I would use the bathroom once the program was over with. Unfortunately it was barely half over. I squirmed until the credits finally began to roll. I fumbled out of my bed, falling to the ground as I did so, wetting my panties. I ran down the stairs to the bathroom and burst in there without knocking since I was the only Ravenclaw left. I ran for the toilet when my bladder burst. I stood in front of the toilet as my bladder burst, soaking my pantyhose. I sighed bitterly as I sat on the toilet, allowing my boots to stay dry.

I sighed as my bladder emptied itself through my panties, pantyhose and even my skirt until my bladder was empty. I reluctantly stood up and head upstairs to change. I slipped off my wet clothing and pulled on black panties and grey-white skinny jeans before heading to dinner.

I took a seat alone, there weren't many people left, a few dumstrang and bauxbaton students, a couple gryffindor and slytherin but the majority of the crowd were faculty and hufflepuff students. I sighed as I poked at my dinner as I noticed Rachel fidget a little uneasily. I slipped into her mind.

I can't believe how fast this pumpkin juice is getting to me. I need an excuse to leave soon or I'll wet myself. Speaking of which, why is Sara wearing jeans now? Did the beautiful Ravenclaw have another accident?

I blushed and rushed to the nearest bathroom a little flustered as a small amount of urine spurted into my panties. I flicked my wand and the bath began to run. I washed my face in the sink when I noticed Sara enter the bathroom. I smirked and turned to face her.

"About to have an accident are you?"

"Get out of my way." She started towards the toilets.

"Levicorpus!" Suddenly she found herself dangling from her legs, which were covered by tight grey yoga pants and flats. Her white camisole hung around her face, giving my view of her black bra. I smirked as I drew myself near the dangling snake.

"Let me down before I.."

"Before you what?"

"Wet myself." She muttered meekly.

"No, I don't think I will let you down in that case."

"No please!" She cried out trashing around, trying to keep from wetting herself. I grinned.

"Rictumsempra!"

"Nooooooooooo!" Suddenly she burst into laughter and squirmed a few more minutes before a dark spot began to form on her pants heading towards her torso. I noticed a pale yellowish liquid begin to makeits way down her toned stomach towards hers her face. It soaked her shirt and body and even continued to run down her face. I laughed along with her forced laughter until the stream died down. finally I sighed and released her.

I started to head for the door when I felt her tackle me into the bath I nearly forgot about.

I thrashed around when I felt boiling water spray at my face. I fumbled in the water. I flicked my wand at her and screamed into the water. "Flipendos!" I scrambled to the surface and exhaled before gulping in oxygen. Rachel burst to the surface and pointed her wand at me. "Impendimenta!" I fell back to the bottom of the tub. Expelliarmus!" Bubbles billowed to the top and Rachels wand defied physics and floated to the bottom of the bath, not before she hit me with the leg lock jinx though.

I struggled to swim to the surface but was stuck to drown without my legs. I felt my chest begin to grow pained.

"Levicorpus." The muffled voice of Rachel cried. Suddenly I shot past the surface and dangled above the bath by my legs.

Rachel surfaced and made her way out of the bathroom.

"Finite, librecorpus." I splashed into the bath. I stripped naked from beneath the water and threw it onto the cement floor. I cleaned myslef off before dressing back into the soaked clothes and heading upstairs to fall asleep in the empty room.

*051*2012-05-17 02:21

I get so bored, sometimes writing is the only thing I can do.

I woke up squirming. Both hands were in my crotch which was covered by leopard print pajama pants. I squirmed and wiggled desperatly, but my panties were already soaked and a baseball sized wet patch was around my crotch. Unfortunantly no matter how much I squirmed in the end I wet the bed, while entirely conscious. I still struggled as urine began to seep into my pajama pants. I didn't release my hold as urine continued to spill out and form a puddle beneath my butt. It wasn't much, but the back of my pants were thoroughly soaked as was the crotch. Finally I gave up the comfort of the bed and stood up, a little urine began to drip down my legs. I pulled on a long black shirt that covered my butt.

I decided I might as well take some time to explore the castle, I slipped out of the dorm and down to the second floor bathroom cautiously. I slipped into the slightly flooded room. My bare feet cringed at the cold water as I quickly retrieved the marauders map.

"What are you doing up so late?" Myrtle asked rubbing her eyes.

"Ghosts can sleep?"

"Sorta."

"Oh. Well I'm just getting this, Peeves isn't around is her? He doesn't appear on the map."

"I don't think so. He said something about Bauxbaton and hand in warm water prank?"

"Good, thanks.... sweet dreams."

"They won't be."

I sighed as I slipped out into the halls again. I noticed my feet left damp foot prints so even if I really was going back to bed I wouldn't be able to without giving myself away. "Good, motivation." I partially wanted to check on the bauxbaton girls but decided the risk wasn't worth witnessing their embarrassment. "I solemnly swear that I am up to no good." I said and the map revealed everyone's location. Thanks to the slight improvement to it that it showed who was a sleep and who was awake. Apparently everyone was asleep in the school except me and a couple other students. I sighed with relief as I walked through the castle bored. I randomly walked through the halls, only occasionally checking the map as I cleared my mind.

"Hey beautiful."

I turned to see Oliver, one of the champions behind me. "h-hi."

"What are you doing around here?"

"I could ask you the same."

"Bored, thought I'd get to know the school."

"Well you're suppose to stay in your ship."

"So sue me."

"You're annoying."

"Hey I helped you in the second task."

"How?"

"I mobilized you."

"Big deal, you took my flag."

"Details."

"Go away."

"Fine." He turned and left. I began to wonder what that was about until I noticed Rachel on the map, near the direction he came from. "Why can't boys resist her?"

I sighed and decided to head up to the Astronomy tower to star gaze.

I found Harry staring at the sky. "You missed your lesson."

"You waited for me."

"No, just decided to reminisce, Professor Longbottom was here earlier, we talked but he went to catch some Z's."

"Oh. Sorry I missed my lesson, I fell asleep."

"I figured." I walked over towards him, shivering slightly as my bare feet walked across the cold floor.

"You lost a lot of people that you loved here didn't you?" I asked softly.

He looked down at me, his eyes glistening with tears. "I fear you will too." He replied, his voice shaking.

I gasped. "What?"

"They kept my prophecy from me, I don't understand why you should go one just as curious. Basically you will suffer many losses and stand against or for the new dark lord, though you will be the only one to defeat him."

"I... I can't"

"I thought the same thing when I was younger. You will find the strength."

"I'm a Ravenclaw though. I'm not courageous. I'm not a fighter."

"Ah, but you are. Trust me." He sighed. "I suppose you should go to sleep, tomorrow we will begin with the memories." I nodded before heading to dorm, successfully getting there without being caught as I fell asleep on the damp bed.

*052*2012-05-17 20:28

A few days later I woke up to a dry bed. It was a Christmas miracle! I smiled softly as I sat up, dressed in my new favorite leopard print pajama pants and my cheetah print bra. I turned to my side and saw a silver platter with fried eggs, bacon, hash browns, pancakes topped with blueberries, syrup and whip cream. Breakfast for the champions. I spent a while eating the refillable plate, to the point of being stuffed.

I then took to opening the presents at the foot of my bed. It felt a little odd, or even lonely opening the presents by myself. The first one I opened was from Fred and I opened it to reveal the most expensive box of Weasley Fireworks. After that, I got a large box of sweets from Hugo and Lisa, an expensive book from Annalise, a stylish purple jacket with a shield charm placed on it from, which was from Cody. George sent me several novelty items from his shop and Harry sent me an invisibility cloak, though not as permanent as his, should last ten years and could contort in length.

I got several other presents as well, including a silver and purple ruby ring from my parents. I hoped that my friends and family would appreciate their gifts as much as I appreciated theirs. I strolled downstairs to the common room and through some purple Floo powder into the fireplace and began to watch the program as my silver snitch fit above my head. I snacked on the sweets as I laid on the purple love seat.

I curled up as a chill went up my bare back. I ignored it and continued to relax, eating sandwiches when lunch time came around, it wasn't until dinner that I left my spot on the couch. I jogged back up to my dorm and pulled over Fred's maroon jacket over my half naked torso and slipped on black socks before jogging towards the great hall. The tables were filled with more food than even the end and beginning of the year feasts. I slipped into a seat and began to feast as I admired the Christmas decorations. It was late as I made my way to the common room once again.

I felt a tapping noise on my back. I turned to see Rachel pointing upwards. I glanced in the direction and quickly noticed a mistletoe. I frowned curiously. "You know the rules." She said.

My eyes went wide. "w-w-what?" I asked. Suddenly I found her lips pressing against mine, her amazing breath mingled with mine and I felt her tongue enter my gaping mouth. I considered resisting, like always. But I couldn't. She bullied, embarrassed and hurt me, yet I always found myself... infatuated, kissing her. My eyes rolled back at the few moments of bliss before I found myself watching her strut away seductively. I sighed to myself and headed back to my common room.

Short, but my allergy medicine has taken everything out of me.

*053*2012-05-19 23:04

My sickness and the medicine left a weird effect on my body, sorta like a high I guess, so I sorta messed up the story so I guess in a way I have to rewrite the chapter.

I felt Djinn shake me awake. My eyes drifted open to see the open presents surrounding my body. I sat up, my urine soaked body still warm as I glanced down to find myself on a stained couch, dressed only in my leopard print pants and my cheetah print bra. I scrunched up my face confused.

"What day is it?"

"Christmas evening, a half hour before dinner." Djinn replied.

"So that means... I dreamed about Rachel..."

"Hurry, take a bath!" Djinn urged. "Djinn will take care of the couch cushion."

"Ok..." I sighed standing up, slipping the jacket Cody got me over my damp torso. it fell past my butt where the only urine stain was. I slipped my feet into cheetah print slippers before heading off to the bath room.

I quickly stripped from my clothes and slipped into a green and red bubble bath and washed myself for quite a while. It wasn't until Mcgonaggle's voice shot through the halls, announcing dinner that I realized what time it was. I quickly pulled on my underwear before looking for new clothes before I realized that I forgot it. Already late I sighed, I pulled on pajamas that still had a dark stain on its but before slipping on my jacket. I zipped it up, hoping no one would notice my urine stain or lack of shirt. I decided not to risk it and pulled it up, for once not giving a hint at my breasts. Finally as I left to the hall I took a deep breath and prepared myself.

The large dinner went without incident as I carefully avoided sitting on the jacket, or giving an opportunity to glimpse the stain on the butt of my pajamas. Finally I was making my way to my corridor when my bladder gave a tug. I sighed as I strolled to the nearest bathroom. I walked into one and noticed three bauxbaton girls pointing their wands at a squirming Rachel, not that the girls didn't seem to be showing signs of desperation. I sighed as I strolled over to the group of girls.

"What's going on?"

"The little champ is going to pee herself, like you already did." The lead girl with blonde hair said flicking her wand at my jacket so it unzipped and fell off to show of my drying stain. I blushed as I took in the sights, the ring leader was dressed in tight white shorts stretching to just below her knees. Her blonde hair was in a bun, and if Rachel was a fraction of a veela, she must be at least half. The girl to her right had dark hair and wore pale blue volleyball shorts, she had long legs and a curvaceous body like her cherry haired friend. she like the other two girls were both attractive, just not as intensely beautiful as her leader, the final girl had cherry red hair and grey, "pink" brand tight sweatpants that ended at her mid calf and had its brand name labeled on the back. She didn't have particularly large breasts but she had a near perfect butt. The trio wore matching silk baby blue camisoles and white flats.

Rachel was dressed in a black spaghetti top and a green soffee. Her legs made a four as her body squirmed and her white flip flops threatened to fall off her dangling foot as her hands were forced into her crotch as the trio had their wands trained on us. Suddenly a figure entered the bathroom.

I reconized the girl as a fourth year huffelpuff known as Jess. She was rather attractive with large breasts, a heart shaped face and shoulder length blonde hair, that had a black streak on the left side, she was dressed in a yellow t-shirt that slipped off her right shoulder and red plaid boxer shorts that barely covered her groin area. She had on black flats and a smirk on her face, despite her trembling long, toned legs. She drew her wand and stood between us and the trio, her wand on the Veela.

"Fair fight, aye?"

I nodded and she sent a complex number of silencing and defensive charms at the door before the bathroom filled with jinxes and hexes. I dodged attacks from the cherry haired girl, and Rachel tried to send the dark haired girl into unconsciousness without wetting herself, though I noticed a baseball sized stain in her crotch. I felt a jinx slam into my abdomen, taking my eyes off of Rachel as my bladder released a long spurt as I fell onto my butt. Luckily it only darkened the already existing stain.

I pushed myself to my feet and sent a few well preformed spells at her, I noticed a dark stain drizzling down her inner thighs as she stumbled backwards. She groped her crotch giving me even more of an opening. A few hexes later her bladder burst entirely, urine streaking down the front of her thighs before she sent a spell flying at my chest. I just caught myself as I landed on my feet instead of slamming into a shattered sink base.

However my bladder gave out, hot pee streaking down the back of my legs as the stain spread from my butt to the back of my knees before another spell landed me on my back. A puddle of warm urine spread around my body as I stared at the ceiling of the bathroom in a daze as my bladder continued to empty itself. Urine gushed out, sending ripples through the puddle as it grew wider. Finally the flow ended and I sat up as the cherry haired girl approached. It took a moment to send a stupefy into her head as she collapsed.

I turned to see trickles of urine rolling down Rachel's thighs, the worst of it already happened judging by the large puddle around her legs. I sighed and saw that her attacker was squirming furiously. I quickly put myself between the two and hit the girl with a hex in the face, suddenly antlers sprang through her skull the pain must have been too much. She attempted to turn and run but her bladder voided itself, a dark stain slowly became visible as she froze. The fabric rippled as urine gushed into it, the shorts seemed to grow thoroughly soaked before a veil of urine appeared between her legs and more streams ran down her toned legs.

After the flow died down she turn to run out of the bathroom followed by a dazed cherry red haired girl. I turned and saw the leader trying to make a run for the stall but Jess sent a jinx into her face. Suddenly she fell to the ground and in seconds she was surrounded by a large puddle of urine. She pushed herself to her feet and ran out win streams of urine still falling from her yellowed shorts.

Jess started to make a run for the bathroom but suddenly her shorts turned dark as a stream fell between her legs. She froze as the warm trickles of urine ran down her bare legs as she gasped loudly. I sighed sadly as she turned to us blushing.

"I haven't peed myself since my first year."

"You wet yourself your first year?"

"On the boats, totally soaked my panties and left a puddle on the seats. Luckily no one seemed to know about it. I also had several other accidents that year in classes."

"Me either. I wet myself on the train because I was too stubborn to use the bathroom." Rachel lied.

Jess laughed. "And we all know how often your accidents are Sara." She teased. I stared at me feet.

"Oh relax, maybe you should get some good-nites or something though. Just a suggestion." She said sweetly before casting several cleaning and repairing spells on the bathroom and then leaving. I nodded absently as me and Rachel made our way out. We walked down the halls in silence before a fork came along which would split our ways.

I pointed to a mistletoe hanging above us. "You know the rules." She nodded and we began to kiss each other rather awkwardly before our lips parted and we left for our different common rooms. well she did, I on the other hand attended another legilimency lesson, which I excelled at.

*055*2012-05-20 08:53

I woke up a few days later it was the last day of winter break and I spent the majority of my break getting lessons from Harry on legilimency instead of just at night. There didn't seem to be anything else to do, however tonight he was with his family and I was on my own. I found myself squirming in my bed entirely naked before I ran up, for once I made it to the bathroom. After words I grabbed a pile of new clothes and head to the bath house covering my nude body with a purple and black checkered robe.

The bath bubbles were back to simple multicolor rather than the Christmas themed red and green. I took notice vaguely as I submerged my body. An entire days worth of urine washing off my body as I tread the water for a few minutes. I sighed as the steam billowed around me. It felt amazing, but finally I drained the water and changed into clothes. I first pulled on simple black undergarments before slipping on black skinny jeans over my leopard print pajama pants. I smoothed it down so it wasn't bulky. Then I pulled on a skin tight white long sleeve shirt and then a black v-neck over it. Finally I slipped on Fred's maroon hoodie and three layers of purple socks before finally slipping on my ugg boots. I didn't look as bulky as I felt, but I was certainly warm.

I head out into the snow filled courtyard. The snow reached my mid shins as I trudged through the grounds. Around me students were making snowmen and having snowball fights and making snow angels with their friends and I felt all alone. I absently made my way to the quidditch pitch and took a seat in the bleacher as I watched the snow fall. It was odd not being at the burrow. Part of me wanted to find Rachel, but her friends were here, besides the awkward kiss seemed like an eternity ago and strangely the bullying I received from her seemed more recent.

I sighed and I saw my breath float upwards. I leaned back and felt a tug in my bladder as I felt myself drifting off and fell asleep in the snowy bleachers.

I woke up as a snow ball slammed into my face. I felt myself squirm slightly and noticed a warm dampness around my crotch but it was minor. I turned to see Jess and a group of Hufflepuff and Gryffindor students. I scrunched up my face for a moment, suddenly aware of the cool air as it froze my face.

"Come on, a snowball fight." Jess grinned.

"Sure. Why not?" Suddenly on the quidditch pitch the field was filled with flying snow balls. I smirked at the thought of how it reminded me of the bathroom fight. However the only spells were cast to make the snow balls fly through the air or repair forts. I grinned as I ducked behind the wall I was constructing till it was three feet tall. Finally I sent a flurry of snow balls out at the other kids. I got so caught up with the snow ball fight I didn't notice my bladder fill up.

Suddenly midway into the battle I was squirming from behind my fort. I found myself more clumsily sending snow balls at my opponents. I hit Jess in the face, and then a Gryffindor in the lap but otherwise the majority of them missed as I fidgeted violently. I frowned as my flurry slowed to a stop. I spent ten minutes rolling in the snow with my hands in my crotch before I worked up enough restraint to send a few more snow balls into the air.

I once again eased back into the battle as my clothes grew wet with melted snow until dusk began to set in. There were only a couple more including Jess and I didn't intend to lose then. I struggled to control my bladder as we went on until finally it was me and Jess. We hurled snow balls at each other for a while until suddenly I felt my bladder burst. I ducked behind my fort and stared between my criss crossed legs as the snow turned yellow beneath me as steam billowed up. I welcomed the warmth but soon it grew cold and then Jess stood above me.

"Oh, I'm sorry..." Suddenly her already soaked jeans had streams running down it as the snow beneath her turned yellow and melded into mine. I stared at her in shock. "It's ok let's go inside now." I nodded absently and followed her into the castle and then went up to the dorm and fell asleep instantly.

*057*2012-05-20 09:10

{{: 

Great story so far. Loved the six way wetting fight. Have you considered adding a messing scene or two?

}}

Thanks:D I have but since the majority of my stories do include wetting I decided to leave this one mostly omorashi. I'm still considering adding a messing scene though so maybe:)

*058*2012-05-22 02:58

Hoping to write more soon, a little busy now, please comment though! I think I will skip too the day before the final challenge since their isn't much left for the plot of this year.

*059*2012-05-26 05:51

Two days of attempting to write this installment I have now managed to post it, please show your feed back

"You should be out training, tomorrow is the final challenge!" Annalise urged as we emerged from our final class of the day.

"I've been training since you came back from winter break." I whined with a smirk on my face. I was telling the truth though, I had been dividing my time with private lessons in defense against dark arts with Malfoy, magical creatures with Hagrid and legilimency with Harry. I hadn't done much else other than sleep and have accidents trying to rush to the bathroom in time.

"Fine, you better win us that cup though!" She poked me in the chest teasingly before heading to her dorm while I head out onto school grounds. I stepped into the May heat dressed in light blue skinny jeans, a black cropped vest with a purple bra beneath and purple converse shoes. I made my way to the quidditch pitch with slight boredom. By the time I got there I noticed that a first year was practicing tricks from a broomstick. I smiled, amused and took a seat and watched her tricks. She seemed really talented until she tried to hand upside down and plummeted to the ground. I quickly slowed her fall with a charm before rushing to her side.

She held her leg and rocked on the ground sobbing softly. "I think I broke it."

"I'll take you to madam. Pomfrey." I replied helping her up and putting her weight against my body as I helped her to the hospital wing. She squirmed softly as we head there but I assumed it was from pain. It wasn't until we got there and madam Pomfrey came to assess her injuries did I realize it was bladder related.

She was still leaning against me when she attempted to cross her legs. I heard a soft hiss and glanced down to see urine stream down her legs from beneath her pleated black skirt. The urine soaked into her grey socks that were just below her knees leaving a noticeable dark stain down the back of her calves. I blushed and looked away.

"Oh dear." Madam Pomfrey said before magicking her clean and sending me away. I gave the girl a small smile before heading down to the lake to cool off.

I slipped down to the lake and slipped off my shoes and black socks before rolling up my pant legs before dipping my feet into to the old water. I sighed with relief before laying onto the ground with my legs arched as i relaxed.

I heard a voice as I was drifting off and opened my eyes to see the group of bauxbaton girls from the bathroom. I frowned as I stood up and turned to face them.

The cherry haired girl had blue skinny jeans and a yellow t-shirt, the dark haired girl had volley-ball shorts and a tight black t-shirt on. The leader was dressed in white hot-pants and a light blue tank-top.

"Not so tough with out an army I'm betting." The blonde spoke.

"I'm thinking the same about you." I retorted drawing my wand.

"Chelsea," She turned to the red haired girl then the dark haired girl "Salina, go wait at the great hall." She commanded before turning to me. I noticed she seemed rather sick, though she was obviously trying to play it off. "Ready for a duel?" I nodded and suddenly the area around us was alive with passing hexes and jinxes. I avoided as many spells as possible but the battle dragged on and on. Eventually I noticed her squirming but so was I, though they were from different reasons.

Finally she landed a powerful spell on me and I soared back into the lake. The cold water surrounded me and suddenly warmth spread into the lake from my urethra as I peed into the water. I tread water on the surface and manage to catch the girl shuffle away desperatly as a mass became defined on her butt. Suddenly brown feces oozed down her thighs as some fell straight to the ground and she made a bee-line to the castle. I laughed as I floated on my back and managed to relaxx, my bladder now empty.

*061*2012-05-27 04:29

{{: 

Hurray for new chapter but also hurray for the messing scene.

}}

Thanks, I decided to throw in a messing scene after your comment:)

*062*2012-05-28 08:07

So it's finally the final challenge and I've decided to split it up into to parts, enjoy:)

I woke up in a soaked bed with warm urine still seeping into the mattress. I sighed wearily as I rubbed my eyes and sat up, the urine pooled beneath my butt further soaking my panties. I grumbled as I got up along with a few other girls. I noticed some roll their eye at me noticing the puddle. I stared at my feet as I pulled out a change of clothe before pulling on my robe and set out to take a bath.

The hot water was soothing to my nerves as I cleansed my skin of filth with the rainbow bubbles until I was sure I was clean. For a moment I considered just staying in the permanently hot water all day. What was the worst that could come out of skipping the final challenge? A lethal fate. I sighed and crawled out of the bath and drained the water as I slipped on new clothes: matching leopard print panties and bra, blue skinny jeans, royal blue v-neck and my purple converse. I sighed softly before banishing my filthy clothes and heading to the great hall.

I sat next to my group of friends and silently began to eat my breakfast. I kept my eyes on my plate and stayed silent, hoping my friends wouldn't say anything to make my nerves worse. I was already so anxious it felt like I was about to pee myself already. I sighed and pushed my plate away.

"Hardly anyone dies." Annalise blurted out before covering her mouth and blushing.

"Hardly, meaning some do."

"Yeah, but they're not you." She tried to reassure me.

"What's she trying to say is: we know you will win." Lisa grinned at me. I smiled back weakly.

"Oh come on, it's not that hard to run a maze, just don't run into a thorny vine and you'll be fine." Hugo said.

"Thanks."

"Lighten up beautiful." Cody smirked. I blushed but smiled back. Then we were dismissed till lunch to tend to our needs. After lunch the challenge would begin. I was extremely nervous, I used to bathroom five times in an hour only to squeeze out a few spurts each time. Finally lunch rolled around and I just picked at my food and drank a lot of water until it came time for the final challenge. First the champions were called out to meet in a tent before the event. Then their friends came to visit them.

I sat on an arm chair nervously when my friends entered, one at a time each offering advice and encouragement. Finally Jess entered the room.

"Hey, I'm not sure whether or not I should wish you luck. On one hand you get our school the cup, on the other hand Ravenclaw wins the house cup and hufflepuff is currently beating out Gryffindor by some miracle.

"Thanks." I smirked at her, not sure how to reply.

"Be careful out there." She said, with sudden solemness. "When people go into that maze, they lose whatever it is that makes them a simple child. They become viscous monsters, trying desperately to win a simple title." She said and left. I sighed to myself as I was left alone.

Or so I thought. In waltzed in the blonde bauxbaton girl that opposed Rachel. "Hey, I'm Alice.... I just wanted to apologize... I...I dunno." She said awkwardly. I felt like I should have said something to the gorgeous Veela but I just stared at my feet until the tournament began and we parted ways hesitantly.

Within minutes I found myself in the maze, third after Rachel and Alexander. After me would have been Ambyr and then Deserae and Oliver would have had to go last at the same time being the ones with the least amount of points.

I noticed Ambyr rushing around the maze as she crossed a path in front of me with both her hands desperately in her crotch. I smirked and followed a different path than her. Though a few minutes later she pushed past me only to pee herself a few feet away from me. I smirked and stupefyed her and left her on the ground. I clumsily navigated through the maze until I entered a small clearing with Rachel who was messing with a tattoo on her arm with a snake protruding from a skull. I stared at her in shock and she leaped back startled.

"You weren't suppose to see that... I'm so sorry... Crucio!" Suddenly pure agony erupted into my body and I withered in pain as my bladder emptied itself in a puddle around me. I rolled and trembled screaming shrilly. Finally the spell stopped but I was left with a dull pain still resounding through my body leaving me restrained to the ground.

"Why...?" I asked weakly. Suddenly Oliver entered the clearing and Rachel filled him in on me spotting her dark mark.

"Can't leave you too anything." He muttered to her drawing his wand. "Obliviate!" The green memory erasing charm smashed into me with out giving me a chance to think.

*065*2012-05-29 02:14

{{: 

Awesome story! I'm not too much into harry potter but I know enough, and this story was able to paint the perfect picture in my mind as if it were actually part of a movie. I give you full points for this fanfic! 10 out of 10

}}

Thank you for your support! Glad you like it:)

*067*2012-05-29 16:18

{{: 

Wow... Isn't that a curse that your not suppose to use??? How will she remember this stuff now.

}}

I doubt I will ever put it in the story though I might, but she eventually uses legilimency on Rachel to restore the memory she lost

*068*2012-06-05 00:51

I sat up in a daze. My body was in receding agony, though it only slowly faded. I managed to barely notice the fact I was sitting in a puddle and Oliver from Dumstrang was retreating down a path. It was only me and Rachel now. "What happened?" I asked weakly. She shook her amused. I was confused, the last thing I remember was entering the clearing, then waking up in urine.

"Good to see you're feeling ok champ." She drew her wand, I attempted to draw mine but a spell slammed into my stomach first. I fell back and my feeble grip on my wand was released. I fumbled for the wand and just as I gripped it, Rachel slammed a spell into my butt. Almost comically, I tumbled over and sprawled out on my back. My eyes drifted up as Rachel approached me. She straddled my body, her feet around my waist while she stood towering over my limp body.

She was dressed in blue skinny jeans and black flats, her body was covered by a thin white long sleeve v-neck. Her hardened nipples were barley visible as she tapped her wand against her lips with her right hand, while her other was on her hip. She smirked with her ruby red lipstick.

While she was busy contemplating her attack I slipped into her mind with legilimency. I quickly severed her control of her bladder. In a second her confidence was shattered as she gasped loudly. A hiss was audible as a dark glistening stain spread from her crotch, down her inner thighs. I smirked for a moment, until urine began to leak from her pants. I mimicked her gasp as her pee sprayed my lower abdomen. We stared at each other, in the eyes in stunned horror as she peed herself, and peed on me once again.

Finally the stream subsided and she shuttered. I quickly poked my wand into her ankle. "Flagrate!" Suddenly her flesh burned and she fell on top of me. Her face hung a few inches from mine. A mixture of outrage and mortification was on her face as she was about to speak. I interrupted her with a kiss. I wasn't sure why, but I couldn't resist the reflex. For a moment she kissed me back, even nibbling on my bottom lip. Then in a second she pulled back and screamed. Water exploded from her wand and we were both soaked under a torrent of water as the flow separated us. She quickly ran down a closing passage and soon she was gone.

I sighed as I pushed my saturated body from the water seeping into the earth. I quickly took off into a run down a new passage. I frowned as I rushed through the turns in the maze until I found myself at the end of a passage that Rachel was already navigating through. A head of her was the tri-wizard cup. I smirked and sent the levicorpus jinx on her. She was dangling in the feet by her ankles in confusion as I rushed towards the cup. She struggled against the spell as she fought to cast the counter jinx. Just as I passed her up she broke free.

We shoved each other a we struggled to beat each other to the cup. I grit my teeth as I tried to beat her there but we both entered the clearing with the cup at the same time. We also tied as we made it to pedestal. As we both reached for the cup a shield was placed over it.

"A charm so no more ties happen." Rachel mumbled. We both tread a way from the cup till the shield was gone and we were opposite of each other. She tried to step forward and I followed her. Once again the shield appeared and we had to move away. We began to point wands at each other but once we began to recite the incantation we would both duck forward and the shield would reappear.

"You can't win!" She cried with frustration. "It has to be me!" She cried.

"Too bad."

"Please!"

"Not gonna happen bud." I muttered, hoping she would give in soon as I felt my bladder already refilling from all the water I drank.

"I can't let you go there!"

"Where?" I asked confused.

"I-I I love you!" She changed the subject awkwardly. I gasped confused and didn't prepare for the spell that followed her comment. "Expulso!" She cried. Hot fiery agony erupted on my chest and I felt the flesh burn and peel as I lurched backwards violently. The last thing I saw was her grab the goblet before I was dissapperated from the maze and into the infirmary while urine gushed from my urethra into my already soaked clothing. as I materialized on the bed I fainted while pee continued to escape my body.

*070*2012-06-09 07:52

So this is the final chapter on her third year, not sure when the next chapter will be written since I'm finally coming up with a solid plot for a victorious fanfic that had been requested.

It was just after the end of the year feast as I was making my way towards my dormitory that I noticed Rachel and her group of friends off to the side. I smirked softly as I remembered my legilimency feat over her. Then I frowned... had she said she loved me? I shook it off.

"Well isn't it just first loser. So close to winning." She sneered. I grit my teeth in anger as I approached her.

"You got lucky, you simply got in a lucky spell!" I said, my mood quickly turning enraged.

"Loser talk."

Duel me right now then!" I snapped.

She smirked and drew her wand. I drew mine as well, though I had no intention of using it. I quickly began to slip into her mind as she hit me with the confundus spell before I could cause her to wet herself again. Suddenly I felt dazed as I lost control of my legilimency. My head throbbed as I fought against the spell, desperately trying to beat it. Suddenly images flit before my vision: the tri-wizard cup, me withering in pain, a pale face, a graveyard suddenly I fought off the unclear images and felt myself regain control as I severed her control of her bladder. I felt myself smirk as I was successful. Then I frowned. Warmth spread down my thighs and I heard the slytherin girls groan and giggle.

"Not again." Rachel muttered irritably. "Can't you control your bladder?" Suddenly I snapped out of the daze and realized I was the one, in fact, having the accident. I gasped as the flow of urine completely panties and long socks from beneath my mini-skirt. I groaned as Rachel smiled softly. "You're disgusting." She turned to leave with out a second word. Suddenly I was alone standing in a puddle of my own urine. I felt tears threaten to burst from my eyes. I rushed to the dorm and fell asleep instantly.

The next day I found myself emerging from the baths, the last girl out. I quickly pulled on a diaper the nurse had given me, one I only wore to sleep. I still had the majority of the package she had given me left, which meant they would keep me clean for a few weeks of summer. They were designed to keep any amount of liquid in, no matter the amount due to magic. It also kept urine warm permanently, a feature I found more comfortable than cold dampness of waking up in a wet bed.

After that I pulled on baggy sweat pants, a baggy sweatshirt over a turquoise camisole and royal blue bra. Finally I went back up to retrieve my luggage. I felt myself saddened as I left the school that felt so much like home.

Several cluttered and erratic moments later I was on the train ride home. Next to me Annalise had her head on Cody's shoulder and across from us Lisa laid her head on Hugo's lap. She had her legs curled up on the seat and was quickly falling asleep. I smiled softly and laid my head against the window pane and dozed off as well. I finally woke up as we arrived at King's Cross. I felt warm wetness slosh around in my diaper. I quickly looked around to make sure no one had the slightest clue what had happened. I smiled as we said our good-byes and soon I left the thresh-hold of the platform and made my way to my parents car outside.

My family was close, but we were rather dysfunctional in a sense. We were more like close uncles and aunts than parents and daughter. We loved each other but we weren't incredibly close and they didn't believe in celebrating holidays together. it was rather lonely, and despite knowing the loved me I always felt forsaken at my own home. However the ever-loving Weasley's gave me more than enough of a family. However, I still smiled as I made my way to my parents.

*071*2012-06-12 02:14

So next installment shall begin her fourth year at Hogwarts, something I look forward to writing. Hope you enjoy this one for now.

I sat outside my house in the warm august heat, dressed in a purple lace bikini, the bottom was tied in little bows on each side of my waist. My feet dangled from the inflated pool chair, just above the water with the royal blue nail polish covering my toe nails. My jet black hair was soaked and matted the my tanned back. My face was flawless as it soaked in the summer warmth. My bladder continued to send me signals as I tried to relax. It wasn't too urgent, but it wasn't comfortable either. The need probably had something to do with the glass bottle of lemonade hanging from my finger tips, which also had blue nail polish on.

I shrugged my shoulders slightly as I simply let go of my bladder. Despite constantly peeing myself on accident, I found doing it intentionally, more difficult. Despite the constant twinge in my lower abdomen and the slight dampness of my body which resulted from swimming earlier, I couldn't get myself to urinate. I sighed and considered dropping bag into the pool, but I didn't really feel like getting from my spot in the pool chair. I smiled, amused at my petty dilemma.

Finally I came to a resolution and pressed my index finger against my slightly bulging bladder. At first I pressed lightly, but then more forcefully till a sudden burst of warm wetness gushed from my urethra. I gasped, reflexively as the urine splattered onto the plastic chair, before streaming off to the sides. On an ordinary chair the urine would have pooled beneath me and some would have remained, however this chair was magicked to repel water. The only dampness, now came from my bikini bottom which was now a few shades darker and still warm. I however continued to drink from my lemonade and lounged on the chair, ignoring the dampness till it began to grow cool, which was welcome against the heat of summer.

I remained there for another half hour till the fire pit a few yards away burst into emerald flames. Suddenly a figure emerged and my best friend Annalise was revealed. Her golden blonde hair fell to her mid back and shone in the summer sun. She was dressed in a black camisole and a black bikini bottom. She was barefoot with red toe nail polish and matching finger nail polish. In her right hand hung a thin bag that most likely contained her clothes. She smiled at me, her lips slightly done in cherry lipstick.

"Hey!" I grinned as I flopped out of the pool and ran over to greet her, making sure to thoroughly soak myself in the pool water so the urine would be drowned out by the scent of chlorine.

"Hey." She greeted cheerfully as we embraced. "So mind if I take a dip?" She said gesturing towards the pool.

"let's." I answered as we both dove into the cool water. For a while we swam and spoke about mindless gossip, however eventually our conversation took a darker, more solemn leaf.

"So did you hear about the new dark lord?" She asked referring to the re-rise of Grindlewald, a man the world assumed had been dead.

"He slaughtered a family in Godric's Hollow." I spoke softly, a chill running up my back, one which had no connection to the cold water I was treading in.

"He's looking for the Elder Wand." She said. "At least that's what they say."

"Why doesn't he go after Harry then?"

"He's afraid. Harry was the one to kill voldemort."

"True." I muttered. However I still worried for Harry whom over the summer had finally perfected my occlumency and legilimency. He had grown to be a trusted mentor of mine and I questioned how afraid Grindlewald really was.

That night me and Annalise shared my bed. She was dressed in simple light blue panties and a white night shirt and I had on my leopard print pajama pants with the brand of diaper's the nurse from Hogwarts had given me, which I restocked up on and black bra on. We were both under a midnight blue comforter and purple quilt when we finally dozed off.

I visited a reoccurring nightmare in my sleep. I was navigating through the maze from the final challenge, or rather running. I was attempting to escape from a shadowy figure that moved like smoke through the tight passageways. The only thing I ever saw of him was his pale white hair. He dashed after me as foreboding tore through my body and the world continued to descend into ominous dark shadows before the warm rain would begin. I usually figured it began when the bed wetting would, though in the dream I wouldn't be conscious enough to realize it. Finally I broke into a clearing where Rachel stood. Her wrist was always pixelated for some reason and suddenly she would use the cruciatus curse on me.

As my body would erupt in pure agony I would finally realize I was fully peeing myself as a puddle formed beneath me. The wetting was never a concern as I was too busy silently screaming and withering in pain as the beautiful Slytherin would torture me for no apparent reason. I would finally woke up in a soaked diaper. Though this time it was different. When I awoke I was aware of something between my crotch and the warm moisture of my diaper. A hand. I groggily stared at the arm which lead up to an unconscious Annalise. The next thing I became aware of was the urine that began to darken her panties. I quickly realized the warm wetness of my diaper acted like the hand in water prank.

I stared with mouth wide open in shock as a puddle begin to gush out from beneath her. It quickly spread and covered the majority of the bed, soaking me from my upper back to my mid calf and almost entirely soaked Annalise who was slowly rousing. I quickly pretended to be asleep as she gained consciousness and gasped loudly and drew her hand from my crotch.

"I'm so sorry!" She cried as she tried to shake me awake. I pretended to be half asleep when I asked her what was wrong. "I wet the bed." She sobbed.

"It's ok." I muttered to her.

"Won't your mother be man?" She asked still crying.

I shook my head. "I'll tell her I did it."

"You're wearing a diaper though."

I blushed. "yes but..." I maneuvered my hands and legs so that I ripped the diaper an pulled it off, tossing it into the trash can across the room. "I'll tell her I forgot to wear one tonight."

She thanked me before crying herself to sleep. I fell asleep as well, this time falling into a dreamless sleep till morning came around.

*073*2012-06-12 03:17

{{: 

Save for a few factual errors (of which I don't think matter too much since it is more focused on wetting), I think maybe there was maybe a little too much wetting. *GASP* What did I just say? Well it was like every chapter involved "bladders giving out" and "urine running down legs" and in some numerous times. I know this is an omorashi fic but it's case for too much of a good thing (this is in my opinion). However, overall well written!! :)

}}

Thank you for your feedback:) I realized that I may have been over doing it on the omorashi myself actually and I've already decided to decrease the accident rate a little. also it has been a while since I read the books, can you tell me which factual errors I slipped up on for future references?

