A Sisterly Rivalry

Author: satyr

*000*2013-07-08 21:16

"Sure, just a sec."

Elizabeth swung by the toilet before she grabbed a pack of soda for herself and her sister. Julie was practically bouncing on her bed when Ellie entered. Julie was a year older at seventeen, but Ellie was clearly the more mature one. For some reason, their mother couldn't quite see it. She always trusted Julie more, had always given her a larger allowance, and generally made sure Ellie knew she was the younger daughter – because Julie was a year older, and also, maybe, because Julie didn't have a waterproof mattress cover on her bed.

"I'm so going to beat you," Julie said. It was a Sunday ritual: Mario Kart. Neither girl was a gamer. Gaming was a matter for boys with acne who talked about raids and clans and LANs. But both girls were fiercely competitive, and once either of them had picked up a game of any sort, the other had to be better. Lately, Julie had gotten the better of her, but Ellie wasn't going down without a fight this time. She opened a can of soda and handed Julie another. "Let's agree that the first race is a practice lap, it doesn't count," Ellie suggested. She needed a psychological edge, and perhaps some dirty moves on the practice run could psych her sister out.

As she glanced over, she noticed that Julie still hadn't bothered getting out of her pink Pjs, and it was already early afternoon. Her sister was quite the sight, dirty-blond bedhead and crystal blue eyes. She could have any boy she wanted, Ellie thought, but she just doesn't see it. She must still think passing notes through friends is the appropriate way to start a relationship.

The practice run didn't go so well. Julie crushed her. Not even blue shells could save Ellie. Both girls finished their cans and grabbed another. Now the real race would begin. The first few tracks didn't go better than the practice run, and moreover, Ellie was already noticing a twinge in her bladder. Her sister was already grabbing her third soda can, however. Ellie was about to chug down her second just to keep up, before she realized the ridiculousness of the situation. She was too old to make drinking soda into a contest just so she could keep up with her sister in something. No, it had to be Mario Kart.

Sitting on her own bed, Ellie was acutely aware of the protection underneath her. It wasn't like it saw much use. One time in the last month it had been slightly damp. Now, though, she was squirming, trying to minimize the movements so as not to alert her sister to her predicament. Julie appeared completely comfortable with three cans of coke down already.

Ellie was always Mario, and Julie was always Luigi. This gave Ellie an idea. "Let's switch characters," she said. She was convinced psychology and not thumb-twiddling skill was the key to defeating her sister.

"But I like Luigi," said Julie, pleading with her doe eyes.

"Come on, sis, you've beaten me fifteen times already. At least give me a chance here. Pretty please?" Ellie said, detesting the squee turn of voice she had to adopt.

Julie shrugged. "But only if you let me have the last can of coke, ok?" Julie was bouncing up and down, eyeing the precious soft drink.

Ellie sighed inwardly. There was no room in her for more soda anyway. She had drawn up her blanket to hide her telltale motions, the occasional scissoring of legs. She was getting desperate. Curse my small bladder, she thought. She could just go to the bathroom, but then Julie might change her mind. Maybe she'd even give up on the game and go talk to some cute guy on Skype. There were many things she disliked about her sister, but loath as she was to admit it, Julie was also her best friend, and their Sunday evening competitions were Ellie's favorite part of the week. The girls had shared a bedroom since they were little, even though there was a spare room in the house available. Julie was always telling their mother how much she enjoyed this arrangement, not mentioning the bed-to-bed teenage whispering that went on past bedtime, and Ellie was convinced she went along with it for Julie's sake, but maybe that wasn't strictly true. Maybe having her own room would be lonely.

Ellie was now Luigi, and Julie was Mario. Every few seconds, shivers went down Ellie's spine. Her attention was divided equally between the game and her bladder. Between rounds she was secretly squeezing herself down there, under the blanket. But something miraculous was happening. The first round as Luigi, Julie beat her at the finish line. The second round, Ellie got a head start and kept on going. She was winning! Maybe it was the switching of characters. Julie's play as Mario was sloppy, fidgeting with the controller in her lap. Or maybe having to pee made Ellie play better. She was now nearing emergency status, but for the first time in ages, she was on a winning streak against her sister in anything. She had to keep it going!

Just then, their mother called them downstairs for dinner. Curses! Still, she had beaten her sister and she could beat her again.

"I guess you win," said Julie, looking a little sad. She truly was a child in a woman's body. She had the curves, the hair, the smile, the butt, the long legs, but she also had the demeanor of a puppy dog. Julie took a childish delight in beating her sister, but when she lost, she was crushed. Dejected, Julie trudged downstairs still in her pajamas. Ellie made a beeline for the bathroom, but her mother was apparently in there. She had no choice but to sit down with a full bladder at the table, where a lasagna dinner was already laid out.

* * *

Being the single mother of two teenage daughters wasn't easy, but Ann made it work. She was just that kind of person, she made things work. Today she had made the girls' favorite dinner, but neither of them was eating or saying much. Elizabeth was tapping her foot and shoveling food around the plate, while Julie was staring absentmindedly not at but through her plate, as if there were something below only she could see. Perhaps it was boy troubles? Elizabeth was still a little young for that, maybe, but Julie was a beautiful girl and she must at least have some prospects.

The mood was pressured. But Ann made things work. She would not have her daughters moping around if she could help it. "How was your day?" She asked.

"Fine," said Elizabeth.

"Fine," said Julie, not taking her eyes off the plate.

Changing tactics, Ann started rattling off stories about the girls' great uncle Harold, farmer, amateur inventor and family eccentric. The time he managed to knock himself out stepping on a garden rake as if he were a character in a cartoon gained little response, but by the time she started to retell the familiar—highly exaggerated, not to mention dinner-inappropriate—story about the unfortunate spray pattern of his new fertilizer spreader, the girls' moods were brightening up. Both girls were smiling before she even got to the climax, and by the time old Harold had become literally shitfaced they were laughing out loud.

Then there was a drip. Then a hiss. Then a hiss and a drip together. Then her foot was wet. Could it really be? Ann looked at Elizabeth, whose face was crimson. "Oh, Ellie," she said. She thought this stage was over—she had certainly never imagined it might intrude into daytime—but she must be understanding. She must not shame her daughter. The embarrassment was punishment enough.

"Ellie, please stand up," she said. Elizabeth remained seated.

"Elizabeth Ann Johnson, please stand up!" Ann was sterner now.

Slowly, on shaky legs, Elizabeth got up from her chair and stepped away from the table, hands buried in her crotch.

"Please remove your hands."

Elizabeth reluctantly removed her hands, exposing her crotch.

She was dry.

* * *

Ellie's mom appeared stunned. Finally, she managed to stutter a word: "Julie?"

Moist eyes, red cheeks, Julie rose from the chair. Her pink pajama pants were accentuated by a dark stain in the crotch, and even as she stood there, a small rivulet of pee was snaking its way down her inner right leg and puddling on the floor.

Ellie couldn't believe it. Her own desperation was nearing a limit, but she never had accidents in the day. Neither did Julie. In fact, Julie seemed never to have to go at all. On long road trips, at school, at the mall, just lounging around the house—Ellie knew her sister must go regularly, like anyone else, but she never expressed a need and it seemed like she was never in the bathroom if she wasn't also showering or brushing her teeth or doing her hair and makeup.

Now there were tears down her face, pee down her legs and their mother was trying to get her to explain what happened.

Julie was talking very fast. "We were playing games and I was winning and we had some cokes and I was going to go after dinner and then you told a story and then I laughed and it just and..."

"When was the last time you went to the bathroom?" Her mother asked.

Julie appeared to consider this for a second. "Last night before bed."

"Jesus," her mother said. "Elizabeth, I'm so sorry. Would you please take your sister to the bathroom and help her clean up?"

It took all her willpower to walk across the room without holding herself, but Ellie managed to reach her sister still dry, careful not to step in any puddles. Julie turned around to reveal her now see-through pajama pants wetly clinging between her butt cheeks. She was like a child, just taking Ellie's hand and following as if Ellie were her mother bringing her in for a diaper change. They left a trail of pee in their wake.

As they crossed the threshold to the bathroom, a bladder cramp hit Ellie, and she had to let go of Julie's hand to hold herself. Then she reminded herself that she was the mature one, she was not the one who had just wet her pants like a little girl, and she would help her sister before she could allow herself to pee. Without locking the door, she began unceremoniously undressing Julie. They had slept in the same room since Ellie was two and used to go skinny dipping every summer. Besides, it didn't seem like nudity could add any further embarrassment to the situation. Ellie removed Julie's shirt, her bra, and her soaked pants. All the while, Julie just stood there like a doll. When she touched Julie's panties to slide them off, Julie tensed for a second, and a few droplets escaped into Ellie's palm.

"Sorry for peeing on you," said Julie. Then she started laughing through her tears. "I guess you're the big sis now!" Now fully naked, she stepped into the shower, turned it on, and directed the stream at Ellie, who barely dodged it.

"What are you, five? Pottypants!" Ellie said, laughing and sticking her tongue out at her sister. Then she remembered her own predicament, ripped off her pants and panties and sat down on the toilet. It was just in the nick of time, but she made it dry. Feeling the tremendous pleasure of relief, she wondered if this was what sex was like.

After she was done peeing, Ellie went into their room to find clean clothes for her sister. Although they shared just about everything, the closet in Julie's corner of the room had always been off limits. There was no secret diary or stash of weed in there. It was simply a hurricane level mess, heaps of clothes everywhere, and Ellie supposed that's what her sister didn't want her to see. When she returned to the bathroom with fresh clothes, Julie was already toweled up, and their mother was sitting on the toilet lid.

"We only have one mattress cover," her mom said. "I think it would be a good idea if you girls shared a bed tonight."

Changes were ahead.

(Author's note: I've written for large audiences before, but nothing of an erotic nature. Putting original writing up on an anonymous fetish board for the first time is still a little scary. Being a guy I have no special insight into female psychology, but since I'm into girls, I must attempt female characterization. Hope you enjoyed this.)

*004*2013-07-09 21:49

"You were the one who wanted an adventure. Yet you're always cruising five below the speed limit," Ellie said. She was kind of looking forward to the next rest stop, but she was also wanting to up the excitement a little bit.

Julie's eyes took on a mischievous glint. "Why don't you take the wheel?"

"What, are you crazy?"

Julie had just turned eighteen and gotten her driver's license. Ellie had probably logged more hours behind the wheel than her sister, but she had yet to take the final test and get her license. Images of cops and fines and jail flashed through her head.

"Think about it," Julie said. "When have you ever done anything illegal? It's not like you don't know how to drive. That old lady we passed half an hour ago was probably more of a danger on the road than you, and she's probably had her license, like, a hundred years."

It was true. She had never shoplifted a candy bar. She had never snuck into an abandoned building or walked on the grass where the sign said not to. She always waited for the traffic light to turn green before crossing the road, and even diligently waited to dispose of her bubble gum until a trash can was in sight. Ellie could not remember ever rebelling against anything, except maybe her mother, which didn't count.

"Alright, pull over. I'll drive, like, a mile, just because. And you bet I'm going to be going at the speed limit," she said. That last bit didn't come out as bad-ass as she would have hoped. The implication, of course, was that her sister drove even slower, but promising to abide by the letter of the law didn't sound particularly rebellious. On the other hand, breaking more than one law at once probably wasn't a good idea.

Julie pulled over on the side of the road, and they switched seats. Ellie adjusted the driver's seat—her sister was taller, and had longer legs—and accelerated. With every tick of the speed meter, she felt freer. The feeling of being behind the wheel unsupervised by qualified adults for the first time was exhilarating. She reached the speed limit and pushed beyond—and then she noticed the slipperiness of the snowy road and slowed down again. Still, she was driving, they were going on an adventure, their first road trip, alone! Ellie and Julie both had their birthdays in February, Ellie's just the day before, in fact, and their mother had scraped together the money to send them on a long weekend to a ski resort as a combined birthday present. They had vacationed there before, but had always stayed in the cheapest cabins available, and this time they were staying in a fancy hotel—without their mother.

Ellie was just about to turn on some music, loud, when her sister whispered: "Behind us."

"Why are you whispering?"

"Look behind us," said Julie, in a voice Ellie knew all too well. It was the same one Julie used many years before when she asked Ellie to check under her bed for monsters.

In an instant, the joy vanished from Ellie's face. In the rear view mirror, a police car was approaching. Ellie's heart felt like it was planning a break-out of the cage of her ribs. Frantically, she searched her mind for some way out of this situation, cold sweating, legs shaking. Her sister, meanwhile, appeared equally terrified, although Ellie wasn't sure there would be any legal ramifications for her if they were discovered. To stop the shaking, Ellie gripped the steering wheel like a vice and stared straight ahead, slowing down to well below the speed limit. She must have looked mental, but then again, at the moment she probably was. Ironically, the fear of the law was the factor that made her a danger on the road, and not the breaking of the law per se.

"What should we do?" Julie asked. "What oh what should we do, oh, I'm so sorry I suggested this!" She was bouncing in her seat, alternating between looking in the side mirror at the approaching car and looking at Ellie, who for her part was looking straight ahead. Tunnel vision had kicked in. There was only her, the road, and the monster behind.

They turned a corner, out of the woods, and entered a long, straight stretch of road. Far away on the horizon was a line of trees, but on both sides was a snowy white plain. "They're right behind us!" Julie yelled. Ellie looked in the rear view mirror—and saw the car blink to the left, then start to pass them. Ellie kept her iron grip on the wheel and stared straight ahead as the police car, piloted by a lone woman who did not so much as glance in their direction, passed them, crossed over onto the right side of the road again and speeded away from the girls.

The sisters sighed in unison. "Wow," said Julie. "I did say I wanted an adventure!" As soon as the police car was out of sight, Julie was as chipper as ever. It was just the way she was. Ellie would have laughed and smiled, too, if not for a small problem with her underwear.

She was too scared to look down, but she was definitely wet. No, scratch that: she was damp. She must just have leaked just a little bit. Now that there had been a breach in the dam, however, her previous low-key need to pee had kicked into high gear.

"Let's stop at the next rest stop, okay?" she said. Julie just nodded. She was busy taking self-shots on her phone, no doubt snapchatting away with a half-dozen friends at once.

So as not to further tempt fate, Ellie pulled over on the side of the road and convinced Julie to drive again, despite Julie's protests that lightning never strikes twice in the same spot. "I mean, like, how many cops can there be out here in the middle of nowhere?" It was true. The landscape reminded Ellie of Fargo. But still, her sister took the wheel again.

They didn't have to wait long for an opportunity to stop. They were indeed in the middle of nowhere, but a few miles down the road there was manned gas station. In the window hung a hand-written sign that said, "We won't tell you how many miles it is until the next gas station, but it's a long way." Ellie sprinted out of the car, now feeling the familiar urgency that seemed to spike at the prospect of reaching a toilet, her body getting slightly ahead of itself. Once she had peed she surveyed the damage. Her light blue jeans—probably the worst possible attire to have an accident in, she reflected—were spotless. There was only a slight spot on her white panties. There was no yellowness to it. She could almost convince herself she didn't have an accident. It could be sweat. She had, after all, cold sweated out of every other possible pore and orifice of her body.

Julie was inside the convenience section browsing magazines. "Maybe you should take the opportunity to use the bathroom? The sign said it's a long way until the next gas station," Ellie suggested.

"But I don't have to go."

"Promise you'll go at the next stop, then?"

"Yes, mom," said Julie, rolling her eyes.

It had been six months since Julie's accident at the dinner table. The girls had slept together in Ellie's bed that night, and the following day, their mom had bought a mattress cover for Julie's bed as well. Julie had went along with it, but that had been the end of it. Ellie had wet the bed twice in the time since. Julie, on the other hand, had done nothing to change her happy-go-lucky attitude to using the toilet or, well, life in general. Her initial embarrassment dried away with her tears, and she never had another accident.

The girls had given up on Mario Kart, but continued to compete in anything that caught either one's fancy. After Mario Kart came chess, which Julie conceded after only a few weeks. She simply had no patience for a slow, strategic board game. Their most daring contest had been on a Saturday when their mom was away, and they had invited Toby, a mutual friend from Julie's class. The trio were an eternally unresolved love triangle. Ellie had been crushing on Toby since forever, especially so after he started working out seriously and turned into a remarkably good hormonal approximation of his hero, Brad Pitt circa Fight Club and Snatch.

Toby, for his part, was hopelessly in love with Julie. He had never told her so, but Ellie could see it in the way he looked at her. Julie was simply too attached to her sister—and too innocent, perhaps, in general—to think of boys and relationships in anything but a dreamy, abstract manner. She remained completely oblivious to Toby's interest. Nevertheless, the three had agreed to play strip poker, and when their mom came home unexpectedly early, Toby, clad only in his boxers, had to hide under Julie's bed while a topless Julie—blanket modestly drawn up over her chest—pretended she was getting ready for bed. Toby had gotten himself clothed and snuck out the back door while Ellie ran interference with their mother. Still, she did get to see Toby almost naked.

One contest Ellie could not win, however, was the race to first reach adulthood. Not only did her sister have a one year head start, but certain adult habits seemed just to fall naturally to her, despite her naiveté. One of those was coffee. Coffee was an adult drink, and Ellie had tried to like it, but she just couldn't stand the taste. Julie, however, had become a caffeine nut, and bought two large coffees at the gas station, downing one before they set out to drive again and pouring the other into a thermos can she had brought just for that purpose.

Coffee turbo-charged Julie's naturally upbeat mood. In the first half-hour after they left the gas station, Ellie couldn't get a word in edgewise. After cycling through all the latest celebrity gossip, the local high school gossip, and a laundry list of personal pet peeves concerning their mother, Julie finally asked a question that demanded an answer. "Uh, so, have you thought about if, like, you... Wet the hotel bed?"

It was a question every bedwetter dreaded. Ellie had brought no protection whatsoever. Sleepovers had always brought unnecessary anxiety, but she had never wet someone else's bed. Ellie didn't even see herself as a bedwetter, really: it was a less than monthly occurrence. She decided to answer boldly: "I guess then I'll do my part in wetting on the bourgeoisie." It was a word she had learned recently.

"What's the bourgeoisie?" her sister asked.

"It's just a joke. The bourgeoisie is like, the rich and powerful who control the world. The kinds of people who own fancy hotels."

It was a joke, but it had double undertones. On the one hand, Ellie had been becoming more socially conscious lately. She had been reading about capitalism and class warfare and socialism, and she noted that, as the daughter of a single provider who worked as a cashier in a supermarket, she never had all the things the snotty popular girls in her class did. She wasn't poor, by any means, but she was most definitely not bourgeoisie, and this trip would be her first stay in a hotel ever.

Their family vacations had always been just that—staying with family, occasionally going on camping trips or going skiing while living in the cheapest cabins for rent. At the same time, she wanted to deflect the idea that she might possibly wet the bed. Ellie did not possess her sister's toddler-like ability to bounce back from any negative emotion the moment a shiny new object of interest caught her fancy. She had spoken with Julie about Julie's accident several times in the last few months, and every time, Julie had laughed about it. Ellie, on the other hand, was still blushing whenever any of her accidents from years back were mentioned.

"It would probably be a poor maid cleaning it up, though," said Julie. An unusually astute comment coming from her. But then again, it had just been a dumb joke and Ellie was happy to leave the topic of her bladder issues.

It had been a long day and it was a long drive. It was a Friday and they had a full school day before setting off. Not fueled by caffeine or obligated to watch the road, Ellie closed her eyes and drifted off into sleep.

When she woke up, it was fully dark outside. Her sister informed her that they had just passed a sign saying it was forty miles to their destination. Ellie picked up the thermos can and noted that it was empty. Her sister was running on a whole lot of coffee, but she was clearly getting tired. All that coffee had to run out somehow. In both manners of speaking. Her sister was getting antsy. Since she was driving, she couldn't exactly be doing the full-on pee dance, but Ellie noticed the signs.

"Julie?"

"What?"

"Do you need to pee?"

"Uh-huh." She briefly placed her hand in her crotch, then quickly removed it. Apparently, there had been no rest stops since the gas station.

It was still forty miles until the ski resort.

(Author's note: thanks for the encouragement, guys. I wrote an open ending so the story could be a standalone or continue further if I so chose. I don't want this to become one of those stories that just repeats itself over and over, a long time after the author has run out of ideas. I've decided I probably have one or two more installments in me. Given the positive feedback, I'll finish this skiing arc and that will probably be that. Also: this story takes place in an unspecified Western country, and cultural things like the legal age to drive, drink etc. will be decided based upon artistic license.)

*010*2013-07-18 00:23

(Author's note: this installment is longer. Hope it was worth the wait.)

By the time they were closing in on their destination, Ellie was seriously considering taking the wheel again. Her sister was now driving with one hand on the wheel and the other permanently resting in her lap. The car was a stick shift. Julie almost drove past the exit to the ski resort, at the last second making an abrupt brake-and-turn maneuver that would surely have failed any driving exam, and would probably have meant the failing of Ellie's bladder, too, if she were in Julie's place. Julie double-parked as close to the entrance as she could and jumped out. Ellie, although ready for another bathroom break, was in no such hurry, although she was worried about her sister. When she exited the car, Julie was pacing back and forth, clearly confused. "Which one is it?"

Ellie had never considered this. She had been here several times before, but never in a hotel. As it turned out, there were two hotels. They were parked near a small staircase meticulously cleaned of any sign of winter, unlike the parking lot, which was covered in a thin layer of snow, or the waist-high snow glimpsed just outside the lights from the hotel. At the top of the staircase was a wide, glowing hotel entrance which seemed constructed specifically for the purpose of announcing to the world that whoever walked through it was rich, fabulous, or some combination of the two. Ellie looked up and couldn't decide how many stories the building housed, but there were many. In the other end of the parking lot was a much smaller, four-story building with a more modest, but still welcoming entrance.

Their mother had booked the room in Julie's name, but, as if finally realizing after all these years that her younger child might be more worldly in certain ways, she had trusted Ellie with all the details. She had neglected to mention one important detail: which of the two hotels they were booked at. It occurred to Ellie that this newer, more opulent and certainly more expensive hotel could have been built since they last visited the resort, and her mother might simply be unaware of its existence. It didn't look like anything her mother could afford in a million years. Gambling with her sister's dry pants as stakes, she said, "I think it's the other one. I'm sorry, I know you're dying to go. Should we move the car?"

"Ugh, no, it's too crowded on that side of the lot. Let's just powerwalk over there," said Julie, her hands now firmly by her sides and not in her crotch, though her fists were conspicuously clenched. Ellie helpfully unloaded their suitcases and started rolling them towards the entrance, letting Julie hop her way in advance.

When Ellie had finally dragged their baggage to the hotel lobby—her sister's a lot heavier, god knows what she had put in there—Julie was already stood at the reception desk, rhythmically shifting her weight from one foot to the other. There were no signs in the lobby indicating where a porcelain sanctuary might be located, so Ellie hoped she had guessed the right hotel. The lobby was dimly lit, although more out of mood than out of cheapness, Ellie sensed. In one corner, a few logs crackled pleasantly in a large brick fireplace. As she rested on the briefcases, she observed her sister. In the dim lobby, it was hard to tell what might be shadow and what might be... Something more? Was it? For a moment there appeared an odd shadow on her sister's butt, but there were lots of odd angles in this place. This hotel was more modest than the one next door, but it at least gave the impression that the architects had looked at the mountains and woods surrounding it before they drew the plans.

Julie waved to her with two electronic keycards and jogged to the nearest elevator. "We're on the top floor!" She yelled, clearly excited. That would be number four, Ellie thought and pushed the button, as her sister eagerly passed her a card with 403 written on it.

Well inside the room, the first thing that met the eyes was an enormous bed, resting beneath a window that overlooked the bottom of the slopes. There was a real fireplace in the room as well, although there was no fire going, and it felt kind of chilly after the warm lobby. Julie bolted through the first door she saw, presumably the bathroom. Ellie let the bags slide down on the floor and sank down on the bed. It was probably theirs to share, but it was wider than a standard double bed, and the sisters had shared single beds before. Ellie closed her eyes, but her mind barely had time to drift before her sister bounced on the bed beside her and yelled, "Oh, there's a bubble bath! It's wonderful!"

Ellie sauntered into the bathroom. Her sister was right: the bathroom was huge, almost the size of the sisters' shared bedroom, and in one corner stood a jacuzzi fit for four. Their mother might have gone for the cheaper hotel, but it hardly mattered—this must have cost a fortune, Ellie reflected as she peed. She almost felt bad, imagining how her mother must have saved, how she must have suffered for them to have this weekend; she and Julie had been eating and spending like usual, but Ellie was sure their mom hadn't gotten a raise and the money must have come from somewhere. It was all done and paid for now, though. Ellie decided to push the thought to the back of her mind. She owed it to her mom to enjoy this stay as much as she possibly could—if only to get their money's worth. And, almost giggling to herself, she realized that being pampered for a weekend might not be such a bad thing after all. It wasn't what she was used to, that's for sure.

The sisters were both tired, and quickly undressed and jumped into bed.

"You have to promise me something," said Julie. They were both on their sides, naked except for their panties—Ellie had slipped off her bra after Julie immodestly dropped hers—looking into each others' eyes.

"What?" Ellie said.

"Don't forget me when I'm gone," her sister said, her voice suddenly a fuller, more serious timbre, far removed from her usual hedonistic trills of the tongue.

"When you're gone?"

"When I go to college, when I move out, don't forget me, ok?"

"I would never," said Ellie.

Ellie fell asleep hands and feet intertwined with her sisters'.

* * *

Ellie was such a night owl. She was always up late and sleeping late. But this was their big day! Fifteen minutes, or possibly half an hour—these time frames seemed equivalent in Julie's morning mind—after she woke, Julie had no more patience. Bouncing on the bed, she woke her sister up.

"Ellie! Ellie! Wake up! I have a surprise!" She could barely contain her joy.

"Whaa?" her sister said, still more asleep than awake.

"I was thinking and I had the greatest idea. We'll have a Champagne breakfast!"

At this, her sister jolted awake. Julie could hear Ellie vaguely protesting in the background, but she was already at the phone, ready to call up room service.

"Shut it, cutie pie," said Julie. Unless she was really angry, this was her preferred manner of insulting or commanding her sister. If she tacked on a cute nickname at the end, it kind of softened the blow, didn't it? There was no way Ellie could be mad at her. "I'm eighteen now, so that means I'm allowed to buy wine," Julie said. "And they don't know you're not. If they ask, I'll just say I, uh, like to drink out of two glasses. Makes me feel, like, luxurious."

Julie was already phoning room service. When the man in the other end asked her if she wanted Champagne specifically, or a sparkling wine in general, she told him to just get her two glasses and a bottle of something that tasted good. "Oh, and make it not too expensive," she added, partially registering her sister's protestations in the background. Something about who was paying for room service.

"I know, we'll drink it in the bubble bath!" Julie hadn't even had her morning coffee, and already she knew this would be a fantastic day. She rushed in to set the water running while her sister tried to rub the sleep out of her eyes. The wine arrived just as Julie was about to drop her panties, so she quickly grabbed a bathrobe and haphazardly wrapped it around her to give the impression of modesty as she opened the door. Truth be told, she was too excited for modesty at the moment, and she didn't really care what the room service guy saw. Besides, he wasn't much older than her and kind of cute, in a boyish sort of way. Not like the men on tv, more like the boys from her class. Julie quickly tipped him and brought the wine to the bathtub.

"Come on, sis, join me or I'll drag you in here myself!" Julie yelled. "Sweetie," she added.

Ellie walked into the bathroom, still only clad in her panties and clearly having had a major malfunction in the hair department during the course of the night. "You, uh, you're naked in the jacuzzi already?" she said.

"Of course, silly, I don't wanna get my panties wet. Get in here!"

Ellie joined her, and the girls clinked their full, soon to be empty wine glasses together. Neither girl had much experience with alcohol, or more specifically, with the culture that surrounded it. They had each been allowed, in the last year, to taste some wine and some beer by their mother, who preferred, she said, if they learned it if they learned how to drink responsibly with her rather than how to whore themselves out at a frat party. Their mother had been a bit drunk herself when she said it, after a failed date with a coworker, so Julie didn't mind the crass wording, although she sensed that it disturbed her sister.

Ellie didn't really remember what their mom used to be like. Anyhow, they had definitely enjoyed the taste of white wine more than beer. But neither girl had ever been to a real party where alcohol was served and consumed in party-sized quantities. This presented a problem when they decided to play a drinking game. Neither one really knew what that entailed, except vaguely that it was about embarrassment, tricky questions, and getting drunk. Implicitly, they agreed that although it was a game, it wasn't a competitition—otherwise, Julie might have felt sorry for losing. Not knowing quite how to proceed, they settled into a rhythm of asking each other increasingly intimate questions and intermittently sipping their wine.

Julie used the opportunity to get her sister to finally reveal the best hiding place in their house, the one she always used to win hide-and-seek when they were younger. Although she was satisfied with the answer (a particular closet which she had always known about but never really noticed or thought to look in), Julie sensed that it was possibly not quite the right sort of question for this game. Well, she was definitely getting tipsy, so to her it was all the same.

Then her sister asked an odd question. "Have you ever wet your pants?"

"Silly," Julie said. "You helped me clean up!"

"I mean, other than that time."

"Nope! My turn!" Now Julie knew what to ask. She took a sip of wine, savouring the question. The wine was decent, she supposed, but not worth swishing around her mouth like they did on the tv. "Tell me what it's like to kiss a guy!"

* * *

Ellie wasn't shocked, but it was still a surprise. The inquisitiveness in her sister's eyes reflected the truth plainly: she must never have been kissed. This despite the fact that, as Toby had confessed to Ellie, all his guy friends, and probably most of their class, and most of Ellie's class, too, had the hots for Julie. Toby didn't confess that he more than anyone was in love with Julie, but surely he knew that Ellie knew?

Eager to take on the more experienced role, tour guide to adult life, and not wanting to fully reveal that her own sum total experience with kissing boys was a brief "relationship" in eight grade, with lots of hand-holding and a few innocent pecks on the lips, Ellie dodged the question. "It's... really sweet, is what it is. But tell you what," she added, the wine talking, "I'm gonna make it my mission to get you a kiss from a hot guy this weekend. How about that? But what d'ya say, the wine's almost out, let's get dressed and hit the slopes!"

On unsteady feet, Ellie climbed out of the jacuzzi. She better use the bathroom first, she reflected, and dumped her butt down on the seat, at the moment unembarrassed to be seen by her sister nude and peeing. Julie got out of the bath shortly after, apparently not concerned with the bathroom despite yesterday's near miss.

Not long after, they were dressed, had collected their rental ski gear, and were owning the kids on the kids' slopes. It was Ellie's insistence, dimly aware that as long as the alcohol might be affecting their balance, they ought not to hit the big slopes. Julie was the better skier anyhow and definitely had the lower patience, so she was probably bored on the kids' slopes, but she was so cheery that she went along with it. After an hour or so out in the cold winter air, Ellie felt better and allowed herself to be convinced to move on to the harder slopes, the ones marked red or black on the map.

* * *

After—what, a couple hours—they finally abandoned the little slopes and got on the lift to get some real skiing going. Julie was so excited that her sense of time was all out of whack. On the slopes, she was in her element. She always felt so clumsy compared to her sister, constantly bumping into stupid things, if she wasn't forgetting things she ought not to forget, or otherwise acting the fool. But in heavy snow gear and with alpine skis on her feet, Julie had something her sister lacked. She had grace. She was one with the slopes, the snow, the crystal blue sky—the best possibly weather to ski in, she reflected behind her sunglasses—and nothing else had much importance.

After a while, they were at the bottom of the hill where most of the slopes met, and Ellie requested a bathroom break. This was the first Julie noticed of her own need to pee, which was definitely present, but not pressing. Peeing when skiing was a complicated affair. The slopes were covered with people, and going outside was no option. The only real toilet facilities were in the service buildings at the bottom of the slopes. But to get your relief, you must first unlock your feet from your skis and find someplace to store the skis—as rental property, they were, her mom used to say, not just precious but holy—or, if nowhere seemed sufficiently safe, maybe even carry them into the stall with you.

To get to a toilet stall, you had to waddle a long way in stiff alpine skiing boots most definitely not made for walking—one wasn't supposed to walk, but to use gravity and its effect on one's upper body to brake or turn. Once finally in the stall, you had to remove your winter jacket, take down the suspenders on your snow pants, pull down the snow pants, then pull down the extra-thick woolen underpants, and finally, your panties, before you could even sit down and pee. Then you had to reverse the process after you were done. Julie knew all this because she had done so, once, when she needed to pee on a skiing trip, and it was such a hassle that she had resolved never to do it again. She would simply hold it until the evening, when she could go at the hotel.

Ellie insisted on using the bathroom, and pleaded with Julie to join her, but Julie had no patience and decided to leave her sister and check out one of the black slopes, the ones Ellie tended to avoid.

When she got on the lift, securing the protective bar over her abdomen, she noticed that her need was a bit stronger than she'd felt at the bottom of the slopes. She hadn't peed since last night, and had made sure to drink plenty, as was her custom, both before, during and after the wine and the drinking game. Her bladder was aching dully, but it was nothing she couldn't put at the back of her mind when she looked down, far below, at the snow-dipped pines and the mountainside. The sight was breathtaking.

At the top of the hill, Julie set out fearlessly, passing a pair of young men whose faces were etched with uncertainty, clearly thinking they had made a big mistake going for this steep of a slope. To Julie, though, it was just perfect, the kind of challenge she needed but could overcome by working in tandem with gravity. The rush as you go faster down a hill than you have ever gone in a car—or at least, that's what it felt like to Julie—was beyond words, blood pumping, well-tucked-in hair whipping in the wind.

A while later, now having to consciously clench a bit down there to contain the flood, Julie was at the bottom of the slopes. She wasn't sure how long it had been since they separated, but Julie had been skiing solo for a while and was starting to miss her sister's company when her cellphone rang.

They agreed to meet up again and ski together for the last few runs of the day—had it been almost a day already?—and then have some early dinner. Having skipped proper breakfast and lunch and gone straight for the Champagne, Julie was really hungry.

* * *

Somehow, Julie always won out. Ellie knew she couldn't handle the black slopes, the hardest ones, but she had agreed to come up for "just one last run and it'll be wonderful and you can, like, conquer your fear," as her sister expressed it. It wasn't really that she was afraid. If Ellie was trembling now, it was more because the wind was chilly, and also because her need to pee had returned, not because she was afraid. Ellie simply knew that this was not a slope she could handle.

Quite likely, she would injure herself somehow on the way down. She wasn't really anxious, at least not in the sense she had been when the police car passed them the day before, her in the driver's seat with no license—she was just unsure how to proceed. Julie decided for her by gently but firmly shoving her down the first of a series of increasingly steeper hills that comprised this slope, one of the black ones, the blackest one, it had seemed to Ellie on the map, zigzagging every which way at impossible angles before joining up with the other pistes at the bottom.

At the start, she was in control. She was leaning in the right directions, making sure to make lots of small turns, putting the brakes on her downward motion. She was shifting her weight—and her bladder—to the right, then to the left, slicing up the snow and maintaining control. But then came a curve in which she could, it appeared, only lean one way, and not instantly switch to the other to cancel her momentum. From there it was downhill, in every sense.

Ellie was no longer in control. The wind extracted tears behind her sunglasses, even, and her speed was increasing, and it was all she could do to stay on her feet. Then, suddenly, right in front of her was someone who had halted completely in the middle of her path, and she had to make an abrupt turn, and another one in the opposite direction to maintain her balance, but then her movements snowballed, as she had to make increasingly dramatic motions to cancel the momentum of the previous motion, until she had no control at all and lost all connection to the path and had to choose—either staying on the feet, or staying on piste. She decided not to venture outside the marked path, but as she did, she gave up all hope of balance. Ellie was falling, and could only hope that she would fall well. Then there was a sharp pain in her ankle and all was black.

* * *

"Oh my god!" Julie was crying. "Sis, sis, please wake up! I'm so sorry I talked you into this!" Her foot twisted, one ski stuck in the snow a few feet above them, the other still on her, Ellie was lying in a heap on the slope, unresponsive. Julie turned her around, careful not to further twist her ankle, and she could see now that her sister was alive and awake.

"Don't... worry." Said Ellie. "I'm... Alive."

Julie's vision was blurred. She couldn't really see her sister's face, but she leaned down and kissed her forehead. "I'm so sorry," Julie repeated. Ellie's eyes were closed now, but she continued to say that she was fine, it was alright, she was even sure she could ski down the hill herself, if only she could rest a bit.

A small crowd of fellow skiers had surrounded the sisters. "Are you sure you don't need help?" said one gruff, middle-aged man clad in clothes and gear clearly belonging to a more experienced skier than either of the sisters. Ellie nodded, eyes still closed, and managed to move her foot in a way that seemed to signal it was not as grotesquely bent as it might have looked from a distance. At that, the crowd dispersed.

At the same moment, Julie's bladder spasmed, reminding her that she had been holding it all day, and she better not get too silly and emotional or she would get wet and emotional all over her snow suit. Julie's bladder was a rock, and standing still, the pressure was a lot to bear. Now sure that her sister had not been killed or maimed by Julie's stupid eagerness to push her onto the harder pistes, Julie's mind was focused primarily on one task. Holding it. They were in the middle of a prepared slope, surrounded by skiers on all sides, so there was nowhere to go. Except down, of course. Julie knew she had to let her sister recover, but she hoped Ellie would recover soon. The thought did not enter Julie's mind that she might not make it. But still, she was seriously uncomfortable.

Julie managed to climb up and retrieve Ellie's missing ski, stopping twice on the way to discreetly squeeze herself through her heavy pants. Once so retrieved, she helped Ellie get her foot straightened—thankfully, this operation seemed not to hurt too much, which Julie took as a good sign—and attached to the ski. Then she sat down on the slope beside Ellie, feeling at once adult and responsible, because that was what she needed to be, the big sister there to help her little sis who fell and got injured—but also helpless and little, because she was having a bathroom crisis and there was no one there to rescue her.

Finally, after a small eternity, Ellie got to her feet, wiped the tears from her eyes, and said, "Alright, let's get down this motherfucking slope. Slowly." Clearly, she was in a foul mood, but whether she was really cross with Julie for pushing her, or simply in pain and determined to get the rest of the hill over with, Julie couldn't tell. Still, she set off on her own two feet again, down the slope.

Carefully, Ellie made her way down the last few hills to the bottom, Julie trailing at a close, but safe distance in case either of them fell. I hope to God I don't fall, Julie thought, or I don't know what my bladder will do.

It was getting dark, and the closest service center—the closest toilet facilities—was closing down. "Let's just go to the hotel, I need some aspirin," said Ellie, as Julie helped her off with her skis.

Walking in the distinctive, distorted ski boot way Julie so despised—at this moment mostly because it slowed her down, and didn't allow her to discreetly hold herself—they approached the hotel and got their skis and helmets into their designated lockers for the night.

Then, at Julie's insistence, they hurried to the elevator. "Oh god, I really need to pee," Ellie said as the elevator doors closed. Julie, bending over with legs crossed, in this relative privacy dispensing with discreentess, simply nodded. "Me too." She hadn't counted on her sister's small bladder giving them a scheduling conflict. They had a huge bathroom, but only one small toilet.

Both girls hobbled into their room, both in pain, though perhaps for different reasons. Julie grabbed the bathroom handle first, but her sister yelled after her, "Please!" Julie already felt like she owed her sister after the fall, which had, after all, been mostly Julie's fault. As if that wasn't enough, when the room door was closed, Ellie blushed and added, "I need to do the other thing as well." She was clearly uncomfortable. Julie had no choice but to let her sister have the bathroom. "Just be quick about it, please," she said, a little too eagerly, she felt, but then again she was really at the brink. Ellie hobbled into the bathroom without removing any of her clothes, only her skiing boots.

Julie felt like her middle region had spontaneously grown another sensory organ, a second heart and a second sight all at once, dedicated purely to torturing her by throbbingly informing her of the state of her bladder. She slowly removed her outerwear, stopping to squeeze and twist and then, letting go of every shade of adulthood, to dance the comic pee dance, from the toe-tips of one foot to the other, jumping up and down with her hands in her crotch. When she got her woolen underpants off and was standing only in panties, shirt, socks and bra, she slipped her fingers inside her panties, almost inside of her, trying to stem the flow. The spasms were now continual, unceasing, like the sea in a storm—ohh, to think of anything except water, vast expanses of it, oceans, oceans inside her!

She hadn't thought much of it, but now she remembered her accident from six months before, and she remembered how she had simply lost control at once then, going from dam to waterfall and adult to child in a heartbeat, but this time, it was different. This time, she wasn't triggered by laughter. She had simply waited too long. She felt the first few drops moisten her fingers, and she felt the fabric encasing her grow a little tighter just there. Determined to hold on still, and fully committed to the idea that her sister would get out of the bathroom any second now and she could hobble in there and release the flood into the toilet, Julie made an overconfident move.

She pee-danced her way to her baggage, bent over and retrieved the tight jeans she had planned to wear to dinner. In a minute she would go pee in the toilet, and then she and her sister would go to dinner, and she would blow on her sister's wounds, and they would laugh and forget all this. Julie started threading herself into the jeans, which were tight even with a flat tummy, but were now like a corset over her bulging bladder.

Julie had made two crucial mistakes. One was thinking she could stand even a tiny bit more pressure on her bladder. The other was thinking Ellie would be done and the toilet ready for her to use immediately. Both were wrong. As Julie buttoned her jeans, she had her first real leak. It was like someone had temporarily cut the wires between her sphincter and her brain, and she felt nothing for a second, and then warmth, but no relief. Julie looked down. Blooming around the lower of her two jeans buttons, about two inches across, was a wet spot. Her panties were now definitely peed in, and she felt icky and disgusted. What the hell could her sister be doing? Julie hobbled over to the bathroom door, but found it locked. "Ellie, please! I need the bathroom!" Then she heard it: running water. Someone was running water, a lot of it, just on the other side of that door.

There was a sharp pain. Her bladder contracted. Her muscles resisted. The wires were cut again. This time the power didn't come on in her lower regions until she was at her knees, three seconds later, and there was a small pool of pee in her lap, glistening on her thighs. Her jeans were dark, but not that dark, and she was rapidly approaching the point of no return: the point where it would be impossible to deny, even to herself, that she had an accident. The panties were a lost case. Banging on the door, Julie yelled: "Ellie, please, I'm peeing!"

That was the end. Sitting on her knees before the bathroom door like at an altar, her tight jeans straining against her bladder, somewhat sagging in the back to reveal a peek of her red, wet panties, she spasmed and could not resist. This time, her nerves and her brain remained in contract, but they refused to cooperate, and Julie began peeing forcefully into her own lap, so forcefully it was soon overflowing while also pushing itself down her thighs, down her butt, pooling in the seat of her pants, wetting her jeans so fully that by the time she was done, her dark gray jeans had nary a dry spot on them, front or back.

Tears began to fall into the puddle, and she was shaking, and with each shake there were more droplets. Julie surrendered to a familiar helplessness, like she had done when she was little and lost, separated from her mom at the mall, too old to get lost like that and get the employees to call for her mom on the intercom and vaguely embarrassed by it, but also completely helpess to do anything about the situation. Julie was like a child, now at the mercy of others, giving up agency, crying loudly. She remembered when her mom used to get like she sometimes used to get, the way Ellie had forgotten, and she remembered other times, too, when she had been unable to act her age and had fallen into this state. She remembered, but she could do nothing about it, and remained in her puddle. She could scarcely concentrate on anything except two things: the icky feeling of wet, cooling cloth clinging to her, and the orgasmic feeling of relief from pain.

The bathroom lock clicked open from the inside, and with effort, Julie managed to drag herself up to reach the handle. The door swung open, revealing to Ellie her sister sat in a puddle of urine, shaking, soaked and crying; and to Julie, her sister nude in the jacuzzi, jacket, snow pants and wet woolen underclothes heaped on the floor.

