A not so merry trip

Author: btkdaku

*000*2018-12-15 12:36

This is the first chapter in what I hope will be a series focused on these characters set in the country of Pakistan. Some of you may be unfamiliar with the terms used or articles of clothing worn so I'll try to provide notes and paste pictures. This is pretty much what our main character Erum is wearing in this first chapter. Please tell me if you want this story continued and I'd welcome any and all criticism.

As the car barreled down the highway at 70 miles per hour, Erum felt a tingle in her bladder. Over on the drivers seat Noreen seemed entirely too focused on her driving. God only knows why, there was almost no one on this newly constructed stretch of the highway, especially at 4 AM on a Saturday. She peered over her shoulder to take a look at the backseat, where her nephew sat slumped, with the hood of his jacket covering his face. He was sleeping, as he had been for most of the night. Erum hadn't been able to find sleep in a car her entire life, even as a child she'd stayed awake on long cross country drives when most everyone dozed off at one point or another. Driving was a means to an end, how people found it enjoyable was lost to Erum.

Her bladder tingled again.

Erum looked over to the now empty thermos that sat at her feet, she understood that she probably shouldn't have drank all that tea over the past few hours, but what else was there to do on this monotonous drive. She shuffled in her seat to try and assume a more comfortable sitting position, bringing her thighs closer together she realized her need to pee was worse than she'd previously estimated. She had never been good at estimating. Hours of sitting on the scruffy seat had made her lower half numb, so it was only after some feeling returned to her legs and butt that she realized she had to pee really bad. She pressed her legs together tighter and turned to Noreen.

"We should probably stop at the next rest area Noreen Baji". Said Erum.

Note: 'Baji' is a term of respect used primarily for your older sister but is also used for any woman who is older than you. It is expected in Pakistani culture that a younger woman in the family will refer to the older one with the term.

"We're only about an hour and a half away from Sadiqabad, we probably shouldn't stop before then. We're late as is." replied Noreen without ever taking her eyes of the road.

An hour and a half wasn't that long, but considering how much Erum had drank over the course of the night it would get pretty uncomfortable, especially in this cold weather.

"I just have to visit the loo really quickly" she blurted out as a tiny bit of color stained her cheeks. Needing to pee was natural of course, but Erum still felt extremely embarrassed whenever she was forced to admit to that need. This hesitation had placed her in a few challenging situations in her youth, but those incidents had taught her to become at least a little more forthcoming about needing a bathroom break.

Noreen finally took her eyes off the road to glance in Erum's direction. Noreen was 7 year Erum's senior and had none of the physical gifts the younger woman had, yet she was still beautiful in her own right. She was fairly short at 5'2 to Erum's 5'7 and was slightly plump whilst Erum had almost a perfect hourglass figure. She had beautiful brown hair thanks to her Pashtun heritage and an easy, loving smile that she kept at the ready. And it was with this casual smile that she turned to Erum.

"Oh, you should have told me earlier, with how much you've been squirming in your seat I probably should have seen it myself. We'll stop at the next area just hold it till then" she said whilst returning her gaze to the road.

Color rose to Erum's cheeks again, she didn't realize she had been squirming so obviously. Yet two minutes later she shifted her legging clad legs again and lifted her butt to adjust and straighten her Kameez. Sitting still was getting hard now, her kidneys had released more urine into her bladder, increasing the pressure that was building in her bladder at an alarming pace. The tingle in her abdomen had gotten much more intense, with a rest area no where in sight Erum was fast becoming more and more concerned about her predicament.

The next few minutes made her need much worse and forced Erum to cross her legs. Noreen looked over again.

"There's a rest area coming up in about fifteen minutes can you hold it till then?" asked Noreen with genuine concern in her voice.

Erum blushed furiously again. This was one of the many things she hated about Pakistani culture, anyone, even marginally, older than you treated you like a child. However this wasn't the time to challenge cultural norms, her bladder was a far more pressing concern.

"Just drive a little quicker please Noreen Baji." she didn't even acknowledge the older woman's question in her reply. The thought of wetting herself at 29 years of age was not one she was ready to entertain. Noreen picked up a little more speed, having realized that the situation was getting very urgent and Erum continued to squirm in her seat. She shifted her weight from one side to another as she rubbed her thighs together. Her body was tightly wound and trembling now. She slid her left foot out of her shoe and lifted her butt to place her leg underneath her. She was hoping this would help. She was wrong.

Erum's need to urinate compounded now and she could feel her bladder bulging. She clenched her sphincter muscle tightly, constantly fearing that her urethra would give way to the liquid begging to leave her bladder. She bit her lip and wound herself tighter, crossing her free leg over the one she was sitting on. She pressed her thighs closer together and rubbed her butt on the seat underneath. Whether either of this had any effect on her desperation, she wasn't sure.

Erum was sitting on her foot, bobbing up and down, rubbing her thighs together with a hand buried between her legs when she first saw the flickering neon sign of a petrol station in the distance. But her need to urinate had grown insurmountable by this point. She felt her bladder twinge. A solitary burst of piss pressed through her clenched sphincter muscles. She felt the warm wetness escape her tired peehole and wet the crotch of her panties and leggings. A small gasp escaped Erum's throat as she redoubled her efforts to hold it. She probed with her fingers to check that the damage was minimal, and given that she was wearing a Kameez that fell to just above her knees, no one would be able to see her small accident. That is if she managed to hold the rest of her piss for the 10 seconds it would take to get to the petrol station.

The car hadn't even come to a complete stop when Erum swung open her door and nearly jumped outside as she made a mad dash for the toilet sign in the back. The petrol station seemed abandoned at this early hour with no one in sight. Which was just as well since no one would see Erum running through the place with a hand buried between her legs. The toilet sign pointed to an alleyway on the backside of the single story shop that was adjoining the petrol station. By the time Erum turned into the alley she was on the cusp of wetting herself. Two steps in she looked at the solitary metal door on the wall and her heart sank.

There was a large iron lock on the bolt barring the door to the toilet. Heat blossomed between her legs once more as another strong spurt of urine burst out of her tired peehole. This one further wet the crotch of her panties and dribbled down her left thigh almost halfway to her knee. Erum looked around quickly. The sun had not fully come out yet, there was no one here and the alley already stank of piss and worse. She quickly made up her mind and yanked her leggings and now soiled panties down in one go. Dropping to a squat was easy for someone who had used indian style toilets her entire life but even before she had fully dropped down a torrent escaped her peehole.

PSSSHHHHHTTTTTTTTTT

The sound of piss hitting concrete boomed through the narrow alley and the smell of fresh urine assaulted her nostrils. She pushed her crotch away from her directing her stream outwards to avoid splash back. A massive puddle started forming half a foot away from her as Erum's entire body shuddered with the pleasure of relief forcing her to arch her head backwards and close her eyes. She peed for more than a minute before her torrent became a stream and then a trickle.

So she was naturally surprised when she opened her eyes to the sight of Noreen, her sister in law, standing at the start of the alley, with a look of shock on her face, hand covering her gasping mouth.

*002*2018-12-16 15:07

This is the second chapter, it doesn't technically have a wetting of its own but this was always the intention I wanted the story to go. Hopefully some people find it enjoyable. Again I would welcome criticism on both the plot and the especially on the writing itself, as I'm trying to improve.

Chapter 2

Noreen looked on as Erum exited the car and ran for the bathroom with her hand clutching her womanhood in a most unseemly way. The poor girl had been dying for a piss, probably the entire night, and hadn't informed Noreen until it was nearly too late. Still, she was glad they had found a toilet when they did – who knew how long Erum would have been able to hold it if they hadn't seen this petrol station.

Noreen pulled the car to the side and parked it. Glancing at the rear-view mirror, she saw that her nephew was still sleeping peacefully in the back. She decided that this was probably a good time to relieve her own bladder as well – the last time she had peed was 8 PM the previous night.

She exited the car as silently as she could, and started making her way to the alley with the toilet sign next to it. Noreen was still fairly far from the mouth of the alley when she started hearing a thunderous sound. It sounded like water hitting the ground with considerable pressure. Had Erum somehow broken a pipe in her haste to get to the bathroom? Her question of course, was answered when she took the final few steps to reach the turn.

Erum was dropped to a half squat in front of the locked bathroom door. Her underwear and leggings pulled down to her knees, head arched backwards in either relief or pleasure. All of this made sense too, since a thick stream of golden liquid was shooting out of her peehole, at an almost unbelievable rate. Noreen realized her mouth was wide open, as she watched her sister in law – a woman of almost 30- shamelessly make water in an alley behind some backwater petrol station.

Noreen was too shocked to say anything, and Erum didn't even seem to notice, so the older woman did nothing but look on in awe as the stream of piss coming out of her sister in law's body slowly subsided. After more than half a minute of peeing, Erum finally opened her eyes and glanced in Noreen's directions.

She let out a surprised shriek as her hands darted to cover her exposed womanhood. 'Too late for that' Noreen thought to herself. She could see Erum's face burning with shame, as she mumbled – struggling to put words together. What words could possibly explain this situation ? Noreen herself didn't know.

"The... uh door was locked.." she sputtered " and I couldn't wait.. no one was here . I thought I'd just go..." she was clearly having a hard time explaining.

She must have suddenly realized that she was still squatting on the ground, hands covering her naked and wet crotch, since she darted upright, letting the front of her Kameez fall over and partially cover her exposed lower body.

Noreen realized that she had enjoyed the spectacle so far, in an almost dark and perverted way. Pleasure had built up in her lower body and now her womanhood pulsated with heat. Had she enjoyed watching Erum pee? Or was her pleasure derived from watching the younger woman's naked body? Both possibilities made her feel guilty given the traditional background Noreen belonged to. Yet she still felt aroused.

"Noreen Baji?" Erum's question jolted her back to reality. Dazed in her thoughts she seemed to have missed what the younger woman said before.

"What?" answered Noreen.

"I'm sorry Noreen Baji, I didn't know what to do" she said with her cheeks still bright red. "It was very urgent and there was nowhere else to go. You won't tell anyone will you?"

Of course she wouldn't tell anyone, where would this even come up? And her own feelings on the matter made her more than a little uncomfortable. Yet the throbbing in her pussy continued. She hadn't even addressed Erum's question, confused by the heat between her legs, when she saw the younger woman bending over to pull her leggings back up.

"Wait." she said finally.

Erum froze midway, and eyed Noreen quizzically.

"Don't pull your clothes back up, you haven't even wiped yet." said Noreen. "You don't want to sit around with wet underwear the rest of the way."

"I'm uhh.... not even that wet honestly, it'll be fine" said Erum as she fidgeted with her leggings and underwear. Clearly unsure of what to do.

"Oh just wait a few seconds, there's no one to see you here anyway" asserted Noreen as she walked towards Erum and produced a pack of tissue paper from her handbag. " Just lift your kameez so I can help you properly clean up" she instructed.

The younger woman was clearly very embarrassed by what was happening, but she couldn't find the words to protest. Hanging her head in shame, she complied with the request. As she slowly lifted the front of her kameez, revealing her legs and crotch once more, Noreen saw for the first time – up close – what the extent of the damage was. Erum's neatly trimmed bush of pubic hair was wet with urine, Noreen struggled to take her eyes of it. As she scanned lower she saw droplets of pee glistening on the inside of Erum's thighs, with a few slowly making their way down her legs and, no doubt, into her jumbled up leggings and underwear. . As she continued downwards she saw that the crotch of Erum's panties was very wet, which meant that she had definitely lost control before she managed to get her pants out of the way. Although it was hard to make out in the early morning light, Noreen was sure that the crotch of her leggings would also be in a similar state.

"Ummm" the sound of Erum's voice broke Noreen out of her trance, and she realized she had been staring at the other woman's naked body for what must have been ten to twenty seconds. Without offering an explanation Noreen picked out a few tissues from the pack and started gently rubbing the insides of Erum's legs from the knees up. Slowly moving upwards she avoided the pubic hair and started work on cleaning the upper inner side of her thighs. From the thighs she moved backwards, as she realized the lower part of her butt-cheeks were also wet, presumably from having peed with her pants still on.

As she worked on her butt Erum squirmed around uncomfortably and shifted her weight from left to right. Content with having dried her butt,Noreen looked at the tissues in her hand. They were completely soaked through and unusable. She threw the tissues to the side and removed a fresh one, with which she started work on the topmost part of Erum's thighs, which she had avoided up till now. Slowly cleaning the droplets of pee from around her labia, Noreen slowly moved to the other woman's pubic hair. She dabbed it carefully with a fresh tissue, absorbing all of the pee that her sopping bush was holding.

Noreen's heart was already racing, she was extremely turned on by this. She felt heat swirling in her own crotch, whilst she squatted before the other woman, cleaning her piss stained legs. The thought made her shudder with pleasure, and momentarily, her cheeks turned a dark shade of pink. This was obviously wrong? Wasn't it? But then why did it feel so good? Now wasn't the time to stop, she decided and she took a chance.

"Just a few more seconds until you're all dry" insisted Noreen as she took yet another fresh tissue to Erum's labia. She cautiously dabbed at her inner labia, ensuring that every single drop of piss would be soaked into the tissue. Daring further, she parted Erum's labia and ventured inside.

The sudden intrusion inside her body made Erum jump and she instinctively pressed her legs together, trapping Noreen's hand between them. Noreen looked up to Erum's reddened face and , with her free hand, pried her legs apart. All the while, she gave no indication that she enjoyed this, she was merely doing her best to clean Erum up.

Reluctantly, Erum parted her legs again and Noreen went to work once more. As she dabbed the inside of Erum's labia a soft moan escaped the younger woman's mouth. Noreen looked up again, she saw that Erum had her eyes closed and was biting her lower lip. The small arch that her neck was making made it clear that she too had begun to enjoy the activity.

As much as Noreen herself was enjoying this, she realized it had to end. They were two women, in a conservative country no less, out in the open where someone could walk by and see them any second. The thought of the consequences that might have made her shudder and she pulled back her hand. Without looking at Erum she took her free hand and methodically felt around her legs and thighs, under the guise of checking if there were any wet spots left. She moved her hand over the soft flesh of Erum's smooth legs, up to her thighs and finally to her butt, where she stole a quick squeeze of the lowest part of her left butt-cheek.

"There. You're all dry now" beamed Noreen as strands of light brown hair fell over her face. "Now we just have to do something about your wet underwear. Just wait here while I get you a fresh pair from your bag" But before she could even rise up from her squat, a short spurt of hot piss forced it way out of urethra, instantly warming the crotch of her panties. She shot up instantly and pressed her thighs together. With how invested she was in cleaning Erum, she seemed to have forgotten about her own, now extremely urgent, need.

She eyed the bolted wooden door, and wondered what to do next.

*006*2018-12-18 12:37

Here's chapter . There's at least one more chapter to come, but that may change depending on where this story goes. Again I would welcome critique of both the plot and the writing itself.

Chapter 3

Noreen’s thighs clamped together and her hand instinctively shot towards her crotch as the first droplets of urine escaped her peehole. She managed to stem the flow almost instantly but felt the crotch of her panties get warm as piss slowly soaked into the fabric.

Her need to pee hadn’t even been that bad to begin with. Originally, she had planned on waiting until they reached Sadiqabad before relieving herself. Then why was she suddenly leaking in her clothes? Was it somehow because of the ‘other tingling’ she had felt whilst watching Erum pee and then cleaning her, or was it simply because of the cold. Her thoughts were interrupted as another strong wave of desperation overcame her, causing her to wince and double over.

“Are you alright Noreen Baji?” asked Erum, having noticed the predicament the older woman was in.

Noreen tried to her best to compose herself before answering

“I feel like this would be a good time for me to relieve myself as well, given that we’ve already made the stop” said Noreen, trying to make it sound nonchalant.

She had seen Erum, fully exposed, pissing out in the open and she’d enjoyed it. She had enjoyed the cleanup afterwards even more, yet the thought of bringing up her own need still left Noreen very uncomfortable.

Another surge of desperation hit Noreen and she realized a decision had to be made.

“Erum, can you please stand watch while I pee as well.” the words came out sounding like a desperate plea.” Just warn me if anyone comes in this direction, the sun is already out.”

Erum, having lost the capacity to be shocked, merely nodded in response as she pulled up her soiled panties and leggings. She wriggled a little, to get her panties into place, and made her way over to the mouth of the alley.

Noreen fidgeted in place for a few seconds, hoping that she wouldn’t need to say it, before speaking up.

“Can you… ummm….please turn around?” she said with as much authority as she could muster. It still sounded meek.

Erum considered it for a few seconds, given what had happened not five minutes ago, she wasn’t sure the request was a reasonable one. But the cold sogginess she felt around her crotch and butt reminded her, that all she wanted was for this to end. So she turned around, facing outward.

Noreen squirmed around impatiently whilst Erum had deliberated on whether to turn around or not. ‘Did Erum want to see me pissing aswell?’ The thought made her blush. Surely that couldn’t be true, but then what had she thought about before turning around? Or was she simply disoriented because of what had happened so far. Noreen’s thoughts were once again interrupted as her urethra twitched, a torrent of pis struggling to find its way out.

Noreen realized that she could not bring herself to pee facing Erum’s direction. The thought of exposing her pussy like that made her blush furiously, so she too, turned around. With her back to Erum, Noreen pulled down her Salwar and underwear, dropping to a squat.

A sudden gust of cold wind made her wince. Knives of phantom ice assaulted her posterior, biting into her flesh , giving her goosebumps. Noreen’s butt shivered as her pent up piss begged for relief. As hard as she was finding letting go in this weather, the amount of pee her body held was not to be contained for long. A short yelp exited her throat as she finally relaxed her sphincter muscles, producing a strong stream of piss.

PSHHHHHHHHHHHHHTTTTTT

Noreen’s pee hit the concrete floor with considerable force, producing a booming sound which might have eclipsed Erum’s own. As the sound carried over, Erum couldn’t help but turn her head slightly. At the other end of the alley, her sister-in-law squatted, facing the other direction, whilst her urethra produced what seemed like the most powerful stream of piss that Erum had ever seen. Coils of steam rose up from the fast expanding puddle at Noreen’s feet and an acrid smell filled the alley. Erum could see that the force of Noreen’s stream was causing droplets of piss to splash back onto her naked butt, but the older woman seemed either unbothered by it or unable to do anything about it.

Noreen had barely been peeing for ten seconds when Erum heard a sound in the distance. Her head jerked almost involuntarily towards the origin of the sound where she saw another car pulling up less than a hundred meters from their own. Eyeing a mother and a child she had no doubt that the car’s passengers would be walking in the toilets’ direction very soon.

“Noreen BAJI.” she hissed as panic gripped her. “STOP. There’s someone coming” she said as she slid a few feet into the alley.

Noreen immediately cut off her stream as she heard Erum’s voice. Cutting off mid-piss caused her urethra to burn, as a flood of piss crashed into its inner walls. As the last drops of her unfinished piss leaked out, she felt some of it drip down the inside of her left upper thigh, wetting the bottom of her right butt-cheek. She turned her head to see that Erum was facing her, and had a clear view of her exposed ass. Noreen’s cheeks burned with shame as she instantly shot up pulling up her Salwar and underwear. The wetness of her thighs and butt soaked into Noreen’s clothing, causing her Salwar to dampen.

“What happened?” she asked.

“There’s some people coming this way” repeated Erum .

This was obviously bad. Getting caught with two fresh puddles of urine in an alley was not a situation Noreen had experience handling. So she took the only option left, and started walking away.

Erum took her lead and followed her out of the alley, back to their car. They held their heads high and pretended nothing was amiss as they passed the woman and her two children who had exited the newly arrived vehicle. As soon as they were past, Noreen picked up the pace. Given her still desperate situation, Noreen did her best to shuffle towards the car with her legs pressed together. Erum followed, matching the older woman’s speed.

“You drive” said Noreen as she tossed Erum the keys and got into the passenger seat.

Erum entered from the other side and immediately fired up the engine. Pulling out and back on to the highway as the woman and her children, no doubt walked into the alley drenched in piss.

As the car accelerated, Erum looked over at Noreen. She had barely peed for ten seconds, and Erum could see that she was struggling. Her face twisted in pain, Noreen had both hands buried between her legs. She moved her lower body from side to side as she fought off wave after wave of desperation.

This ride wasn’t over yet.

*009*2018-12-21 17:36

This is potentially the final chapter of this story. I was originally planning on using the 3rd character in one of the wetting scenarios but can't think of ways to organically make that happen, so I've decided to let this story end here for the moment. Once again I welcome any sort of criticism or advice anyone has for me.

I hope you guys enjoy.

Chapter 4

The old petrol engine produced a rhythmic buzzing sound as the car sped down the highway. The morning sun had finally risen far enough past the horizon to bathe the road, and surrounding fields in fresh daylight. Erum had her foot on the pedal, and her nephew still dozed silently in the backseat. Noreen wasn’t paying much attention to any of this however, as she struggled desperately to avoid a wetting accident in the passenger seat of her own car.

It was evident to Noreen how ironic the situation, in which she currently found herself, was. Not half an hour ago, herself and Erum were on opposing sides of the same predicament. With one frantically desperate for a piss and the other looking for a way to help. Noreen ground her thighs together with both her hands still in between as another strong wave of desperation made her wince. Her palms could constantly feel the dampness in her salwar from her unfinished pee in the alley. If she could relieve herself soon, the situation would remain manageable. With the sort of clothing she was wearing, spotting the wetness on the thighs of her Salwar would be nearly impossible- but all of this would ONLY matter if she could relieve herself soon.

As Erum floored the car down the highway, her mind raced with possibilities of what to do. They had left what was possibly the only petrol station on this far flung patch of the highway, finding another one in any reasonable amount of time seemed unlikely. Then again, what even was a reasonable amount of time? Her sister in law was struggling desperately to contain her piss on the passenger seat, and from the looks of it she wouldn’t last very long. Was pulling over even an option? Her heart had raced even as she pissed in a mostly covered alley in relative darkness. Pulling over in broad daylight on the side of a highway didn’t seem like something either of them could pull off. A part of her wanted to see how long Noreen could wait. A dark, deep, perverted part that she rarely, if ever, let surface. That part wanted to delay, and see what would happen.

“ERUM.” Noreen’s hiss broke Erum out of her thoughts. “You need to find a place to stop. AND FAST. I really need a pee.” Noreen was almost whispering, to avoid waking up their nephew, but her tone sounded frantic.

“I’m looking Noreen Baji.” replied Erum. “ I’ll stop as soon as I see anything.” she said in an equally low voice.

“But you have to find something quick. I can’t hold it much longer.” Noreen pled. Erum acknowledged the question with a hesitant nod as her eyes halfheartedly scanned the distance for signs of a toilet.

Noreen was now realizing that it was that short pee in the alley that was behind most of her current problems. Conventional wisdom would say that peeing, even a little bit, would have relieved some of the pressure on her bladder, but Noreen had experienced the exact opposite. Ever since she had been forced to cut off mid-pee, her peehole had been burning violently. She believed that if she hadn’t started to pee back then, she would be in a much better position to hold it right now.As it stood, however, her urethra burned like it was on fire, as it held back a torrent of piss wanting release.

Erum was convinced there wouldn’t be another place to stop, not in time for Noreen to visit the toilet anyway. The only way Noreen could hope to relieve herself now would be to pop a squat on the side of the road. And although this would have seemed like a far off possibility an hour ago, Erum could see Noreen making the request given her constantly rising need. Erum’s perversion had partially taken over by now, she didn’t know what exactly turned her on, or even if she WAS turned on, but she wanted to make Noreen wait. Was this her brain somehow getting back at Noreen for how she humiliated her back in the alley? But Erum herself had started to enjoy that situation by the end, even though she’d never admit it to another soul.

Noreen sucked air through her teeth as wave after wave of desperation assaulted her lower body -- each with increased intensity. The palms of her hands were both slick with sweat and piss, as she rubbed her thighs over them in a hard fight against her bladder. A fight she was on the verge of losing. A fresh, intense, surge of desperation caused her to jump. She removed her left hand out from between her legs and crossed her left right leg over the left. She then took her, now free, left hand and sat on it. Using the hand to firmly clutch her left butt-cheek, she extended her middle finger to press just over her pussy. She had thought using one hand from the top and one from the bottom would help manage her desperation, even a little bit, but she was proven wrong when a three second burst of piss escaped her inflamed peehole.

Noreen used all the control she had left to contract her sphincter muscles once again as the piss from her short spurt spread, soaking into her already damp panties and Salwar. She felt the wetness on her fingers, but it hadn’t leaked to the seat covers -- not yet in anycase. Noreen, having realized her current holding techniques weren’t cutting it, momentarily removed her right hand from between her thighs. She sucked in a mouthful of air as she braced herself for holding her pee without the help of her right hand, and pressed her legs even tighter together. This was not something Noreen ever thought she’d do, especially in a car with both her nephew and her sister in law, but with how bad her desperation had gotten she saw no other option.

But Noreen couldn’t help but blush as she carefully probed around her waist, and slid her hand down the inside of her Salwar. She was glad, that at least her nephew was asleep, and she didn’t dare look in Erum’s direction as her hand moved deeper inside, sliding into her panties and onto her crotch. She placed her middle finger directly over her peehole, as the rest of her hand struggled to clutch anything it could find.

Erum had been noticing Noreen’s struggle from the corner of her eye, and she’d almost let out a surprised yelp as Noreen slid her hand inside her Salwar to hold herself. Noreen had always been the wise, calm and collected woman in the family, and although she was always very helpful, it was almost in a condescending ‘I’m better than you’ kind of way. She had always treated women in the family younger than her, especially Erum like children. Given all of this, watching Noreen reduced to this state, gave Erum a dark, perverted sense of pleasure. She could admit it to herself now, as heat built up around her crotch, that she was definitely enjoying this. She was so turned on in fact, that she momentarily forgot about the soiled state of her own leggings.

More pee escaped Noreen’s urethra. She felt hot piss spray past her middle finger as it exploded out of her burning peehole. She sucked in through her teeth once again in an effort to stop the piss, which she managed to do, but not before a long ten second spurt had forced its way out.

Warmth spread around noreen’s crotch as the spray of piss soaked, first into her panties, then her Salwar and finally onto the seat underneath. She felt the pee flow past the fingers of her left hand, the one she sat on, as it pooled on the seat underneath, evenly absorbing into the butt of her Salwar and the worn fabric of the seat.

Noreen’s cheeks burned red as she realized she’d crossed the threshold. She’d made a large wet patch underneath her. She’d had an accident, and there was no way to avoid it, all she could do was delay until she would be discovered by Erum. Meanwhile, her need to pee was as strong as ever.

Erum couldn’t see the evidence of Noreen’s accident when she glanced over, and as such she didn’t yet know that Noreen had started losing the battle against her bladder. But she couldn’t help but notice that something was off as she saw Noreen nervously eyeing her feet, her cheeks painted red, refusing to look up. The smell of piss might have given away Noreen’s ‘little accident’ was it not for the fact that Erum’s own clothing was substantially soaked.

Suspecting something was off, Erum finally spoke.

“I think there’s a rest area about 20 minutes from here Noreen Baji. Just try and hold on until then” said Erum in a reassuring tone. She found herself enjoying talking to Noreen like a child. It was becoming clear why Noreen always acted like this.

“Uhh… ok..” was all Noreen managed to say.

Highways like the one Erum and Noreen were on are mostly used by cargo trucks in the country. And with so many overloaded trucks passing over the cheaply built roads, there’s a lot of re-laying needed as the condition of the road deteriorates. This re-laying often causes patches of road which are built differently than the rest of the road, and are bumpy as a result. And it was exactly this sort of rough-patch that their vehicle was fast approaching.

Noreen jumped as their car entered the bumpy patch of road. Her sphincter muscles, after being pushed to their limits, finally relaxed. Noreen’s peehole opened wide as a strong stream of piss shot out, and past her clutching hands. Her piss forced its way through her clothing and only stopped when it hit the thick fabric of the seat cover.

SHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

The unmistakable sound of piss filled the car as Noreen sat deathly silent, still hoping, still trying, to somehow contain her piss. Her massive stream pooled underneath her butt and the wet patch on her seat grew. The seat cover couldn't absorb piss in the quantity Noreen was releasing it at, so with nowhere to go, the pool of piss made its way into the tight spaces between her thighs and her buttcrack. Some of the pee absorbed into the back of her Kameez making the small of her back wet. With nowhere left to go, the piss finally spilled over from her seat down onto the floor of the car. Noreen could do nothing but sob silently, as she helplessly wet herself like a toddler. She emptied nearly half of her bladder before she managed to wrest back control of her own body, and stopped.

Erum had instinctively pulled the car over to the side of the road when she had first heard the sound of Noreen peeing herself. Noreen herself hadn’t seemed to have noticed as she sat there, sobbing as the puddle of piss underneath her expanded. Erum was in awe of just how much piss Noreen had been holding. There wasn’t a single dry spot on the seat underneath her. Some piss had even climbed the backrest of the seat, yet more had spilled onto the floor.

Erum’s mouth was wide open in a gasp as she realized Noreen had finally stopped peeing. She broke the uneasy silence.

“Oh my…” she said. “You should have told me Noreen baji, I would have pulled over sooner. Now you’ve made a mess”

“I..sniff… uhh… didn’t know…sniff… .. I just…. I just had to go really bad” Noreen forced the words out between sobs. “I’m … sniff… sorry”.

The heat blooming between Erum’s legs had reached its peak. Erum HAD enjoyed this, and she wasn’t done yet. Facing Noreen with sympathetic eyes, Erum took a hold of the older woman’s chin and raised Noreen’s tear-streaked face to her own.

“Its ok Noreen Baji”. She said tenderly.” Accidents happen, but you should have made me stop earlier.”

Noreen merely nodded as she held back a sob.

“Now do you still have to pee, or did you let all of it out?” asked Erum.

Noreen hesitantly nodded, as her bladder still held a large quantity of piss.

“Well then you should get out and finish your pee.” She said, in the most patronizing tone she could manage.

Noreen looked scared. “Let’s just.. sniff.. get to a rest area… what if someone .. sniff .. sees me here” she blurted out between sobs.

“There probably won’t be any more rest areas for a while yet, and what if you can’t hold it and wet yourself again? It’s probably best that you get out now and finish your pee Noreen Baji”. She stressed the honorific, to drive in the fact that their roles had been reversed.

Noreen continued to sob as she had no choice but to agree to Erum’s ‘request’. She opened the door and stepped out of the car. As she stepped out, drops of piss started falling to the ground from her overfilled salwar. Rivulets of pee that had pooled inside her clothing ran down her legs and into her shoes and onto the ground.

Erum felt pleasure pulsating through her body as she watched Noreen stepping out of the car. She took in all the details of her sorry state. With how much she’d peed, the bottom of her Kameez ,which was covering her butt, and most of her salwar had become see-through, giving Erum a clear view of Noreen’s ass. Her white panties did little to hide anything. Erum felt her hand slide over her throbbing pussy as she gave herself a quick squeeze.

Noreen stood around in the cold, her clothing wet, she was both crying and shivering, as cars passed by. She seemed to be lost, unsure of what to do. Erum looked at her for a few more seconds and decided that Noreen might freeze to death left to her own devices.

“Noreen Baji, you have to pee NOW. It’s cold out and you can’t stand there forever” she said.

Noreen was doing her best to not cry, but a few sobs still escaped as she faced away from Erum and grabbed the waist of her Salwar. Erum could swear that she saw fresh liquid running down the back of her legs as she turned away from her, but said nothing. Noreen grabbed her soiled salwar and peeled it off her wet body, revealing her smooth, glistening legs. She lifted the backside of her kameez and tucked it under her left arm, which gave Erum a clear view of her soiled panties. The plain white panties were soaked through and through and showed off Noreen’s ass clearly. The panties were stuck to Noreen’s ass and were still dripping piss, which confirmed Erum’s suspicions that Noreen had wet herself once again, standing there.

Noreen peeled the panties off her wet ass, as another sob escaped her, and squatted right there where Erum could clearly see her. As she squatted on the ground, her cheeks parted, and droplets of piss spilled out from between her crack. Erum was surprised to see that even Noreen’s butthole was wet from the flood she’d caused in the car, but she felt her own pulse rising as a result. Erum looked on as Noreen clenched and unclenched her asshole, she was struggling to release her piss now that she was out in the cold.

Noreen’s pee trickled out of her urethra. With how slow it was, it ran down the inside of her left thigh and leg, but given how wet she already was, Noreen saw no point in trying to do anything about it. She slowly picked up the pace and her pee formed a steady stream. Steam rose up from the ground as Noreen’s pee formed a puddle on the asphalt underneath, she continued peeing for a minute before her pee finally slowed back down to a trickle and tapered off with a few more spurts. Erum was now firmly massaging her clit over her own damp leggings as she watched Noreen pee. Not wanting the moment to end she called out to Noreen just as she was looking to stand back up.

“Noreen Baji, make sure to get it all out. We can’t risk you having another accident” she said.

Erum couldn’t see her face, and Noreen thought it impossible, but she blushed even harder as she heard her sister-in-law lecture her like a child. Yet she acquiesced.

Erum saw as Noreen slid one foot further apart, widening the stance of her squat. Her asshole seemed to flex with the force she was exerting and she grunted, as she produced a fresh 3 second spurt of piss. She shuffled around a little and grunted again, producing another strong stream that shot into the ground. She exerted a third a time but only a few droplets came out this time.Her bladder was finally completely empty.

Erum would have been even more shocked by the amount of pee Noreen produced had she not been nearing a climax. Noreen gathered her clothes to stand back up and Erum forcibly removed her hand from her crotch as they both heard a voice they had forgotten about.

“Uhhhh, what's going on?” said their nephew, who had finally woken up.

