Elise Everlasting

Author: GᒪITTEᖇGᒪᗩᗰOᑌᖇ

*000*2015-06-07 03:12

Elise back flipped and put her hair to the side revealing a gun attached to her necklace. She got it out and saw the space ship on fire. "Looks like I wont need you," Elise chuckled putting it in her boot. After years, being a super hero was rather exhausting. She knew that she can prove to her mother that she can be a super hero.

It became the time to remodel her outfit. She got a cup of coffee to wake her up after a long 3 hour fight. "Um, I want the top to be white with stripes that a light pink. The pants will be white. I'll take care of the rest," Elise told the designer after refilling her cup of coffee.

She entered her minivan and saw inside was the rifle that she stole from the group "The Parasites" after her last fight. "I better hide this," she thought. Elise opened the glove compartment and put the black rifle inside and locked it.

Finally, she finished the coffee and started driving. Elise went to the store for some quick groceries. She parked and went to weigh herself. "126, not bad for 22," Elise thought. Then she entered, right away she got the milk and yogurt. That was all she needed. She went to pay at the Costumer Service center which had nobody there.

Leaving with her bags, she felt the urge to pee. It wasnt that bad though, she could hold it. Elise put the bags on the front and continued driving. "Damn this place is far," she murmured. It takes about five miles to get back to her home. The fighting range was always this far, never once has she got one close by. Nearby was an accident, meaning she had to take a longer way of 7 miles.

Her urge to pee has built up. Elise crossed her legs and kept driving sternly. She drove with one hands as she used he other to hold her crotch. It got up to her, the chills brought more need of a toilet. Elise started tapping her feet when she got the chance too.

Quickly, she already passed 4 miles without noticing. Elise started fidgeting as she drove. Even though it was unsafe, it was her only option. At the red light, Elise pressed down on her bladder, regretting it because it made a spurt come out. Finally she was home.

Elise got out the car and was on the purse search for her keys. "Dang it," she whispered. "Must have left it at the fighting range. She rubbed her legs against each other and did a small curtsy. Elise started bobbling up and down trying not to loose more control. She got out her phone and called her sister, who lives near the range, to find her keys. Her sister didnt answer.

Elise started to search for her keys again in her bag. Her breasts were jiggling as she bobbed up and down. A small spurt escaped her. Quickly, she shoved her hands between her crotch. Regaining control, she held her crotch and went in circles in place. Elise opened the car door and searched for the keys in there. It was hopeless.

A leak came out, her panties started to become visible. She called her sister again and got her voice mail. Her crotch started to swell, Elise bent down and felt a twinge in her crotch. Her groin was starting to tingle as she became more and more nervous. This time she bent down all the way when another leak came out. In need of a toilet, she tried to bang the door open.

Elise cleaned her damp hands on her shirt. Then she shoved her hands between her crotch again. She started walking around her porch, on the table she put one hand, crossed her legs and hand the other hand on her groin. Another spurt escaped her as she gasped a bit. Elise's bladder was still completely full and swelled.

Elise walked in place holding her crotch. How badly she needed to pee. She was literally about to burst. Then that frightful moment came, she burst out a ocean of pee. Her eyes started to water. Poor Elise just had an accident. She put her hand in her pocket and what came out where het house keys.

