School: Long girls bathroom line between classes.

Author: DesperateQueue

*000*2018-12-15 01:52

There are some interesting scenarios where girls (or anyone) can be desperate to pee in a long bathroom line. But one particular interesting example could be the bathroom line at a middle school or high school between classes. You have those scenarios where you need to use the restroom, but can't go during class, and time between classes is kind of tight, so here is an interesting scenario.

This is a variation of the scenario I had done in another forum, but I wanted to eliminate some of the interaction and get right to the point.

$iframe allowfullscreen="" data-embedcontent="" data-embedid="embed6213415765" scrolling="no" src="//www.omorashi.org/applications/core/interface/js/spacer.png" style="height:222px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/46836-desperate-girls-bathroom-line-at-school/?do=embed"

Factors to consider:

I) There are five minutes between classes, and 50 minute class periods.

II) Can’t be late, and can’t use the restroom during class (already used up any free tardies or emergency bathroom passes, if you even had any). If you are late or have to use the restroom during class, you either get an after-school detention, in school suspension, or a day of Saturday school.

III) Asking teacher to use restroom before the bell rings won't work, since she already used up her restroom passes, and will probably only make her later.

IV) There are three toilets available in each girls bathroom (and there are three total sets of restrooms in the building, not counting the nurse's restroom or the gym locker rooms).

V) There are at least 1,000 students in this school (and at least 500 of them are girls).

VI) A girl named Emily needs to use the restroom with a desperation of about 9.5 out of 10 (meaning about as close as you can come to peeing your pants without actually doing so) between third and fourth periods. She is sitting in class right at the end of third period shaking almost to tears because she has to pee so bad, but can't leave the classroom until the class is over. Meanwhile, girls in other classes are in a similar predicament (we'll call them Tina, Nicole, and Tiffany), and have a ways to go to get to the restroom, but are able to get there a little bit ahead of Emily (like the 1 to 1 1/2 minute mark after the previous class is over), because the restroom is closer, and they do need to pee, they aren't "quite" as desperate, so can probably walk a little faster because they aren't as worried about having a full-blown accident right then an there.

VII) Emily arrives at the restroom closest to her next class with about 3 minutes to go before the next class (took here about 2 minutes to get from previous destination to here). She couldn't run or walk faster because she had to focus on not losing control of her bladder before getting to the bathroom.

VIII) Peeing on the floor, trash can, sink, water bottle, chair, or desk are not allowed. Each girl either pees in a toilet, or can’t make it and pees in her pants.

IX) Cutting in line is not allowed, even if those at the front of the line are not as desperate as the ones at the back of the line, because there is a line for a reason, plus no one is allowed to be late. Basically it’s a “first come, first serve” type of queue line, regardless of how desperate you are. However, it is possible that maybe one or more of the girls “gives up” on the situation if she’s not that desperate and figures she can wait another hour, which may in essence make the line a little shorter where Emily has a better chance to pee and get to class on time. But for the purposes of this topic, we’ll assume that is not going to happen. It’s also possible in theory that one or more may only need to apply makeup, which is not really part of the “pee line”. But again, for these purposes, we’ll assume everyone is in line to use one of the three toilets.

X) Each girl will need a minimum of one minute of time in the stall before exiting. It may take longer, and may take a lot longer is somebody needs to do #2. But for the purposes of this topic, we’ll assume everyone only has to do #1.

XI) There may be a bathroom monitor present, but only to make sure things there is no line cutting, or that nothing gets out of control like horseplay, smoking, stuffing toilets with paper towels.

XII) This is the way the toilet queue looks with three minutes to go before class, and three toilets in this restroom (all three stalls are currently occupied).

A) Girl 1 (Elizabeth)—18 year old senior, desperation about 5 out of 10 (arrived about 45 seconds after previous class ended, and there was already one girl ahead of her in line)

B) Girl 2 (Brandi)—17 year old senior, desperation about 6 out of 10 (arrived about 50 seconds after previous class ended, and there were two girls ahead of her)

C) Girl 3 (Michelle)—17 year old junior, desperation about 7 out of 10 (arrived around the 1 minute mark)

D) Girl 4 (Jennifer)—16 year old junior, desperation about 7.5 out of 10 (arrived around the 1 minute mark)

E) Girl 5 (Tina)—16 year old sophomore, desperation about 8 out of 10 (arrived around the 1:30 mark)

F) Girl 6 (Nicole)—15 year old sophomore, desperation about 8.5 out of 10 (arrived around the 1:30 mark)

G) Girl 7 (Tiffany)—15 year old freshman, desperation about 9 out of 10 (arrived around the 1:45 mark)

H) Girl 8 (Emily)—14 year old freshman, desperation about 9.5 out of 10 (arrived around the 2 minute mark)

FFor what it is worth, the first three girls (Elizabeth, Brandi, and Michelle) are able to finally get into a stall and start doing their business at the 2:10, 2:30, and 2:50 marks, respectively.

Naturally, the ones that really have to pee the worst are the ones that are at the back of the line. So as you can see, the first three or four girls probably could wait another period, but would prefer not to. They are in a position to where they probably have enough time to pee and get to class on time, but can also hold it for another hour if need be. They decide to go ahead and pee now since they have the time to do so (their classes are right near the restroom), because you don’t know what might happen after the next hour, because their desperation might be closer to a 9 out of 10 by then and then have to deal with a longer line.

As a result, the last four girls in line are in a bad situation. These four girls pretty much have to pee within the next 15 minutes or so, which means in essence they need to pee during this particular break. Unfortunately, they don’t have enough time to wait in line, pee, and get to their next class on time, because it was a 5 minute passing period, and there are currently 3 minutes left. Also unfortunate for those girls is that if they are late, they get a 30-minute detention because they may have been late a time or two before (or their teachers have a no tolerance policy on tardies). And they can’t go to the bathroom during class, and clearly can’t wait another hour. This could be the dream scenario for those hoping for an accident, and a nightmarish scenario for those 4 girls involved in that predicament.

F

Now, the first question you might ask, is if the last four girls had to pee that bad, why didn’t they get into the bathroom sooner before the line got so long. Maybe their previous classroom was so far away, and this was the closest restroom they could find and the soonest they could get there.

So here are a few questions:

Knowing how desperate Emily and the others are to pee and how many girls are ahead of them in line, what should they do?

Wait in line, pee, get to class late and deal with the consequences (or fight if she thinks it’s unfair)

End up wetting herself before getting to the front of the line, and have to deal with an accident, and possibly being late to class anyway.

Go to class without peeing, and pee all over herself (her pants, seat, or whatever sometime during her next class)

Other (remember the line-cutting, peeing on the floor, sink, trash can, or water bottle is not allowed).

If she is late and receives a detention, what should she do about it?

Have parents sign it and serve it, and don’t make a bad situation worse.

Talk the situation over with her parents, and have them talk to the school administration about the whole mess.

Don’t talk to her parents, and don’t serve the detention, and possibly get a misconduct and in-school suspension or Saturday school instead, in which case the parents will have to get involved anyway.

Other.

If she realizes she doesn’t have enough time to wait in line and get to class on time and decides to try to wait it out, what should she do?

Try to hold it as long as possible through her next class, and maybe relieve a little pressure from time to time by peeing in her pants just a little bit at a time and hope the wet spot isn’t too noticeable and that she can get to the bathroom after the next class.

Hold it as long as she can, and eventually have a full-blown accident.

Miraculously be able to hold it through the whole next period, against all odds, and then start the cycle all over again at the next break.

Other.

If she does end up peeing her pants because she can’t go to the bathroom, what should she do?

Ask to see the nurse.

Ask to call home for a change of clothes.

Ask to leave school to go home to change clothes (unless it’s the last period of the day, when it’s pointless)

Ask to talk to the principal or assistant principal about the situation right then and there.

Ask to call her parents about the situation.

Other

*002*2018-12-16 02:38

{{2 hours ago, daniel2 said:

Someone should make a full on story picking their favorite choices you have to offer.

}}

You think so? I also think it would be just as interesting to see how this scenario would unfold if it did happen. Knowing some of these girls are about ready to pee their pants, but there is a line of three or more girls ahead of them, and there is not enough time to wait in line, pee, and get to class on time. Maybe at some point, someone could write a script with the things these girls say and do as they are anxiously waiting for their turn. A short example might be this:

Emily—“I have to pee so bad and I am about to wet my pants. Can I please cut in line so I can get to my next class on time?”

Elizabeth (or any other girl): “No way, there is a line for a reason. We got here first and we waited longer. We have places to get to as well.”

As the time goes by and the girls get more desperate and it becomes more apparent that they can’t wait in line, pee, and get to class on time, it would be interesting to see the conversation and body language between these girls.

*003*2018-12-16 06:49

Oh, and in case I didn’t mention it earlier, someone might suggest that some of the girls go into the boys bathroom since there is usually no line there. But we can’t do that because of possible problems with drugs and sex.

It essentially boils down to being desperate to pee, but all the toilets are occupied, and there are more girls ahead of you in line than there are toilets, so there will be a bit of a wait, but you can’t really afford to wait very long at all. For one, you may pee your pants while waiting in line, and also you’ll be late if you have to wait more then a minute or so.

*004*2018-12-27 04:20

Not sure how this is going to work out, but I'm going to try a follow-up response.

Tina and Nicole arrived at the girls restroom at about the 1:30 mark and saw a line of four girls ahead of them. They pretty much wait it out and hope one or two girls gets out soon. About 15 seconds later, Tiffany comes along followed by Emily at around the 2:00 mark, and they're both pretty desperate as well. It isn't until a few seconds later where one of the stalls finally opens up and Elizabeth can take her turn. Within the next minute two more stalls open up and Brandy and Michelle do their business. With about two minutes to go, there are five people left in line. Emily and Tiffany are trying to beg any of the remaining girls in front of them to let them cut in line, but as you might expect, they all say no because there is a line for a reason.

So the five remaining girls continue to wait in desperation. Around the 3:15 mark another stall opens up and Jennifer takes her turn, followed by Tina about 15 seconds later. Just before the four minute mark, another stall opens up and Nicole enters. By this time, Tiffany and Emily are pretty desperate and about to pee themselves, but don't have time to wait it out and get to class on time. If they leave now, they can probably make it to class on time, but will probably pee their pants in the next lesson. Can't do that, so they decide to wait it out, and deal with the situation later. 

At the 4:20 mark, Tiffany can take her turn, and at the 4:40 mark, Emily finally gets her chance to pee. Both of them are still in the stalls peeing when the late bell rings, but at least they won't pee their pants during the next lesson. They finally finish their business and wash their hands, and have the same next class together. They arrive in their math class fashionably late (like 2 1/2 minutes or so), and the teacher asks what happened. Tiffany says "I really had to pee and when is got into the bathroom all the stalls were full and there was a line of 5 or 6 girls ahead of me." and Emily says "I got to that same bathroom a few seconds later, and I had to pee just as bad, if not worse. They really need to have more time in between classes for us to use the restroom, or have more stalls in the bathroom so we don't have to wait in line as long."

The teacher sighs and says "Yeah, I understand that it's not the best of situations when you have to use the bathroom and there's a long line. I also do appreciate that you were willing to take care of your business in between classes instead of asking me to use the restroom during class. If you would have had a free tardy or emergency restroom pass remaining, we could have worked around this problem this time. Unfortunately, we do have to go by school policy, and because you were late again and had already used up your emergency restroom passes, I am going to have to give each of you a 30 minute detention, to be served after school. But if you can't make it then, you do have the option to serve it in the morning or at lunch time (either in 2 15-minute sessions or one 30 minute session), but you must serve the entire 30 minutes within the next 2 school days, and your parents must sign the detention slip before you can serve it."

Now, a 30 minute detention for being late isn't necessarily the end of the world, but the problem is that this situation could very well happen again, with probably a harsher punishment. So what would be a possible solution to keep something like this from happening again? If you can't be late, and you can't use the restroom during class, your hands are pretty much tied, and you pretty much have to hope that when you have to use the restroom between classes, that there isn't a line or more than one or two girls ahead of you, or you won't have enough time to do your business and get to class on time.

Tiffany went on to say "It was not our intention to be late, but we had to pee really bad and there was a line." Emily added "What can we do if something like this happens again? If this tardy is 30 minutes, the next one will probably be 60 minutes." The teacher said "Since you've already used up all your free tardies and emergency restroom passes, I can't let you go to the bathroom during class unless you have a doctor's note on file. So if you anticipate that this might be an ongoing problem, you might want to talk to your parents about seeing a doctor and see if they can give you a note. Then you can give that note to the assistant principal or school nurse, and I can let you use the restroom during class if there's a genuine emergency". But it's not that easy to get doctor's notes for something like this.

Has anyone ever really encountered a situation anything close to this though? The other alternative response I could have provided was to have the girls go to class without peeing, and then pee their pants during their next class because they weren't allowed to use the bathroom (unless there was a free tardy or emergency pass available, or a doctor's note on file allowing them to go as often as needed).

*006*2019-01-08 05:11

{{19 hours ago, ιиfιиιту said:

Oh. My. Gosh. You have no idea how many times I have ran out of passes or some crap and can’t leave the room. And I think if they do that, they should give us longer passing periods!

I think the girls should try to hold it as long as possible. If they can make it through class they can run to the restroom... hope there’s not a line...

Love what you’re doing! Keep it up!

}}

As far as what the girls "should" do, they should probably wait it out be late and deal with the consequences. Ideally, you would have more passing time between classes, or more facilities available (to cut down on the length of the lines), or teachers that allow a certain amount of tardies without disciplinary action and/or allow a certain amount of hall passes per semester. Some schools (or teachers) may allow you to be late to a given class 3 times in a given semester without consequence taking into account that things like this might happen. Others are more picky and give you disciplinary action on the first tardy.

I mentioned up above what can happen if you wait it out and are late. But I want to make it more interesting and make up a scenario of what could happen if you decide to try to hold it through another hour. In this scenario know they need to pee, but don't have enough time to wait in line, pee and get to class on time. 

They can﻿'﻿t get to class late, so they decide to forget it and try to hold it another hour. And then of course every 5 minutes or so during that next lesson, the girls (or girls) ask their teacher if they can go to the bathroom, and the exchange might go something like this: "Student: May I go to the bathroom". "Teacher: No, you should have gone between classes."

"Student: But it's an emergency and I am about to pee my pants". "Teacher: Tough, you had five minutes between classes to go". "Student: But there was a line and I didn't have enough time to wait in line, pee, and get to class on time."

"Teacher: You need to prioritize better. If you leave my class to go to the bathroom, it will be a detention or office referral." So ﻿ultimately, Emily and the other girls can choose to leave class to go to the bathroom and deal with the consequences, or pee their pants in front of everyone. Alternatively, the girls could have peed in the trash can, desk, chair, floor, or water bottle in the class room if the scenario would allow for it (but it is clearly stated at the beginning that it is not).

So as mentioned earlier, Emily's desperation was 9.5 out of 10, and Tiffany's was 9 out of 10 upon entering that restroom at the break time, and couldn't wait it out so go to class without peeing. Ultimately, Emily's bladder was just too full to hold it any longer, so she ends up spurting a bit, but ultimately ends up peeing her pants before the end of the lesson, and therefore ends up having to go to the bathroom during class anyway to get herself cleaned up (and probably ends up with a detention or suspension for leaving class even after wetting herself).

Tiffany somehow manages to make it through the lesson, but now her desperation is at a 9.5 out of 10, and she has one more class before lunch. In this scenario, she makes a beeline dash to the nearest bathroom and gets there within a minute or so, but there is already a line of 4 or 5 girls ahead of her for three stalls, and the three stalls are occupied (as usual). The problem this time is her next class is quite a bit a ways away (at least 1 1/2 minutes worth of walking) and the other restrooms along the way don't have any more available stalls (meaning the lines are likely to be just as long, if not longer).

At this point, after seeing what Emily went through last hour, she pretty much decides to wait it out and pee and if she's late, detention is better than wet pants. Ultimately, she waits in line for about a minute and a half or so, and then pees for at least a minute, and by the time she washes her hands and dries them, there is less than a minute before the next class. When all is said and done, she gets to her fifth period class about a minute or two late, and boy is she in trouble. She gets a 30-minute detention for being late, but when when she explains the situation, she gets a little hostile, and as a result gets sent to the principal's office for being insubordinate and "making excuses", and ultimately ends up with two detentions. One is a 30-minute classroom detention for being late, and the other is a 60-minute office detention for being disrespectful to the teacher.

I don't know if there is much more I can add to this scenario. The facts speak for themselves. You can't be late, and you can't go to the bathroom during class, and passing time is short between classes, and with a limited number of facilities, lines during passing time are inevitable. I would hope that in reality, most schools use some common sense and let students be a minute or two late to class to use the bathroom as long as it doesn't become excessive. But with educators being pushed for time, every second counts, and even being 30 seconds late, or asking for a bathroom pass can be a disruption and a significant loss of instructional time.

