Final Fantasy VII Crisis core Fan fic

Author: Mihataki

*000*2012-01-28 08:35

Despite what some might have thought about Genesis, thruth was, he was rather... unactive in the sexual department. Sure, he had many of women ready to take a bullet for him, but there was only one person on this one's radar. Director Lazard Deusericus. The director of all SOLDIER oporitives, including Genesis. The blond elder was the target of Genesis Rhapsodos ever since his first time meeting the director. But he wasn't just the target of the young brunet's heart, but rather a target of the SOLDIER's twisted little fettish.

Lazard was a very snazzy dresser, and always looked professional, but one thing stood out from his outfit, The man wore a pair of white pants, and a pair of gloves that matched. Just once Genesis wished to see those clean, well pressed white pants staind a golden yellow. With pants like that, it would be very hard to hide it. Oh, how it would be wonderful to see a man of that position loose controle of himself!

It wasn't that the younger one wished to ruin the man, but rather enjoy the beautiful faces he knew Lazard would be making when that moment of self controle would be lost. For weeks, Genesis had planned this out. How he would go about it without looking suspicious, or even worse, be demoted from first class SOLDIER streight down to a Shinra grunt was the issue. This was why the younger one made sure to go about his plans several times. It was the perfect moment. Since his friends, Angeal and Sephiroth were out on missions of their own; Genesis not having any mission's for the day, amazingly, decided that this would be the day he would fulfill his twisted little fantasy. With a shakey breath, Young Rhapsodos stood at the Director's ofice door, and gave a light knock.

Lazard was up to his ears in paper work. With the war against Wutai going on overseas, everyday seemed like endless form filling, mission asseigning, revewing of resumes for potential SOLDIER candidates. It felt like the paper work was just piling up faster than he could fill it out! It was hard to keep track of what stack of pages went with what pile of documents at this point. Even his speedy promotions through the Shinra company didn't surprise him half as much as the work to be done on his desk at this point. Lazard would have to work through the night if he were to catch up with it and meet the deadline. Though the blond one wanted a break from all of it so badly, there was just no way that would be possible. The man wouldn't allow himself to stop for the time being.

Pushing his glasses to the bridge of his nose, the young director looked at the clock on his computer monitor. Just about lunch time. He would probably have to order in to be able to keep up with everything. It wasn't like he minded the work, but, sometimes it just seemed overwelming. Sighing heavilly, Lazard took a look at a folder sitting at the very top of his work, figuring it would be best to start with that one.

At that moment, the sound of a gentle knock made him look up to the entrance to his ofice. "Odd..." He said to himself. "I wasn't expecting anyone today." His chair rolled under him as the blondling stood to greet the one knocking at his door.

"Come in. But please make this quick. I'm rather busy."

In came the figure of Genesis, holding a panphlet of sorts in his hand. It was surprising to see he wasn't holding a copy of Loveless, or a dumb apple instead.

"Genesis. Is there something I can do?" Lazard asked, a gentle smile placed on his lips.

It was just as Genesis expected of Lazard. The man was neck deep in his work, but still managed to greet his guest politely. It was one of the many traits the director had that Genesis loved. Despite the horrid rumors the plate people spread of those who lived in the slums, the brunet could see his boss did not live up to those rumors. In fact, Lazard showed a passion for the people of the slums that the SOLDIER admired.

Holding out the panphlet, Genesis smiled pointing to the phone. "I thought maybe we could do lunch together. I could try to help out with some of the work."

This caught Lazard a little by surprise. But as he was about to refuse the younger one's offer, a lengthy growl emitid from the blond ones stomach, causing a lite blush to form on his cheeks. "Well, I supose I could use a little destraction." He said with a slight laugh. " I haven't really eaten anything since this morning."

Regardless of the little nagging voice in Lazard's head that told him he shouldn't abandon his work, his stomach was more than capable of drowning out those thoughts. "What did you have in mind?"

Things couldn't had been going any better for Genesis. Lazard was taking the bait. Hook, line, and sinker. "I thought we could look the menu over while having some coffee or tea." He said casually. "You look like you could use a little pick-me-up." Hell, the poor man looked like he was ready to pass out any second, and yet, he still managed to give a smile. "It's my treat."

The director thought something with a little caffein sounded good right about now. Stifling a yawn with the back of his hand, he looked over the menue and nodded. "Thank you, Genesis. I could use something to wake me up. I can't keep up with the work if I'm falling asleep in it."

In honesty, Lazard was a little happy to have Genesis with him. Of the top three first classes, he was the one the pale one was most fond of. Of course, Deusericus cared about all of his SOLDIER operitives, but young Rhapsodos held a special spot not even the legendary hero, Sephiroth, could take.

The pale one made his way back to his office chair, the wheels rolling under it. A slight sigh came from Lazard as he allowed himself to be seated once more. Fatigue was indeed treating him harshly at the moment.

Moving some documents aside, Genesis took a seat on the director's desk, not bothered if he was distrupting the order. He sat legs crossed facing Lazard, a smile adorning his face. "Looks like the higher-up's are keeping you busy enough. No wonder you look swamped. I'll leave ordering lunch to you." With a light leap, the leather clad man hopped off of his boss's desk, smile still in place. "I won't be long with the coffee."

With a nodd from Lazard, Genesis left the man's ofice for a moment. This was going exactly as he was planning. Now was the perfect time to get the blond one to drink a special cup of coffee, with a special ingrediant. He'd managed to get it from a local herbal shop, and had it in his coat pocket for a little over two weeks, waiting for the right moment to use it.

The coffee from the vending machein on the soldier floor wasn't the best there was, but it wasn't the worst either. Genesis wasn't really fond of it, but it did do the trick and it was the closest place to grab a cup without leaving the Shinra building. As usual, The SOLDIER floor had a few of it's members walking the halls, some in the training room, the rest out on missions or in their rooms. Getting the coffee wouldn't be difficult, though a few of the second and third classes did stop and ask for a word of advice from one of the best among the first classes. Rhapsodos didn't mind it all that much. In fact, he relished the moments when people would ask his advice over that of his friend and rival, Sephiroth.

It was a bit of a surprise to the brunet when he came to see the coffee dispenser wasn't crowded. It couldn't have gone any better! Placing a few Gil coins into the coin slot, Genesis began preparing Lazard's coffee, almost giggling as he thought about that wondeful moment he'd been waiting to see.

Having been left alone, Lazard decided to get back to his work while waiting for the young brunet to return with the coffee. Though that was what he'd intended, truth was, the director was actually a little distracted at the moment. Genesis had been succesful in deverting his atention from his work.

Another growl of his stomach caused him to stop for a few seconds. He really was rather hungry. The blond one glanced over at the pamphlet sitting on his desk for a moment, finally picking it up. It was for a restaurant not far from the building. Sure, Lazard could have just as easilly gone to the cafeteria, but he wasn't really in the mood for it. The restaurant itself wasn't that good looking. The food; however, was the best he'd ever had. He looked over the menu a few times, and chuckled lightly when a comic little drawing was pointing at one item. It read; "Order me this."

"What a subtle hint he's dropping." Lazard said out loud, thankfull he was the only one in the ofice. Taking the phone in one hand, he began to dial the number while looking over the menu once more.

The first cup of coffee was done pouring and Genesis wasted no time in getting the second one ready. While the second cup was being brewed, the leather clad one began preparing Lazard's coffee to his liking, and an extra little engrediant. FIshing into his red coat, the first class SOLDIER took out a small zip-baggie full of a white powder and began to pour it into the drink, stiring it with the stir stick to make sure it desolved completely.

It took all the man had to keep himself from bursting of laughter. No need to grab unwanted attention to the herb placed into the drink. People would have thought it was a harmfull drug of sorts. That wasn't the case, though. What Genesis had really put into the coffee was a slightly strong deuretic. That would cause his little blondling's system to work much faster than usual, mixed with the caffien it woulnd't be too long before the man would need the bathroom.

Finally, the second cup was done pouring. Genesis fixed it to his own liking, making sure not to put any of the powder into his own drink.

The trip back to the Director's office wouldn't be too hard, now that the coffee was made. Nothing was very unusual about seeing Genesis with some coffee, though that happened much less than seeing him with a dumb apple or a copy of Loveless. He actually took his time going back, figuring it would take a bit of time to get the order done.

Despite the fact that both Lazard and Genesis were rather small around the waist line, the two of them could actually eat quite a bit. The brunet's boss may not had been the best on the battlefield, but he did manage to keep himself fit. Yet another thing Rhapsodos loved about his lovely director.

The younger man found himself in front of the blond one's ofice, and his smile came back to him. Knocking gently, he held both coffee's in one hand. "I've come back with you're pick-me-up, Director."

Lazard was surprised he'd finished his order sooner than he had thought. It must had been a slow day for the restaurant. The one in charge of writing the diliveries said the order would take about an hour to get there. Not a big deal, It would be worth the wait. But, with that much time to wait for the food to arive, it made that little voice that had been nagging at him to get back to work to come back. Again, he was more than capable of ignoring it. Lazard needed a break, and needed one now before he'd loose his mind over the workload.

Rolling his computer chair away from his desk, Lazard streatched his arms out, grunting lightly as he relaxed into his chair. The man really was rather tired; glad that Genesis had come up with this idea. Just then, a slight twinge in the blond one's lower abdomen caused him too look at his clock. It had been a while since he'd last gone to the bathroom, and his bladder was starting to feel a little full, though it wasn't anything that couldn't wait a while longer. He thought it was probably a good idea to visit the men's room either way, though that idea was put aside when Genesis had returned with the coffee. Lazard would just have to excuse himself later.

"Come in." He said, a slight tone of enthusiasm in his voice. "I've just finished placing the order." Taking a quick glance down to his stomach, the director removed the hand that had been resting where his bladder was located, hoping Genesis hadn't seen this.

Genesis did see it, he saw the telltale sign he was looking for. For now, the brunet feigned noticing this, and simply walked up to his boss's desk. Sitting in the spot he'd cleared earlier, the younger man took his place. The SOLDIER placed the special coffee onto another empty spot on the director's desk. "That's good! I'm getting pretty hungry. How about we just have our coffee for now. I'm sure you'd like to just chat for a while."

Well, it wasn't like Lazard was going to be getting back to work at this point, so he decided maybe chatting would be nice. It was rare that the blond had a chance to speak with Genesis anymore, save for mission briefing.

Not knowing about the special item the younger man had placed in his coffee, the director happily took a big sip of the hot beverage, allowing himself to relax a little more into his chair. everything had just been so crazy as of late, so it was nice to have a rare moment of relaxation like this.

The warm coffee made it's way down Lazard's throat, heating his body up a bit. It felt rather nice, though his ofice really wasn't all that cold.

"This is good." He said into his cup. "Thank you very much, Genesis. I've been so swamped with my work these days, I haven't had a chance to relax like this in a while." The blond one took another long sip of his coffee, looking up at Genesis, who was looking intently at the elder one. This caused a slight blush to form on Lazard's cheeks. "I-is there something on my face?"

A slight twitch was felt in Genesis's groin as he watched his beloved director drink his coffee. Further sirring of the member came when the man blushed. How could it be that one man could have such an effect on Rhapsodos? It was almost too much just watching the blondling squirm and fidget in front of him.

Knowing the man was unawear of what Genesis was planning was only adding to his excitement. The leather clad one crossed his legs in an atempt to hide the slight buldge in his SOLDIER uniform pants.

"No, Director, there isn't anything on your face. You just looked so happy with this destraction, I couldn't help but watch you." The brunet took a small sip of his coffee, smiling down at his little victim. "It's nice to see you relaxed." Genesis took a moment to look at his watch, and then looked at the menu laying on his boss's desk. "How long did they say it would take for the food to get here?"

Lazard looked down to the clock on his computer, noting the time. It had only been about fifteen minutes since he'd made the order for the food, but the man could understand why Genesis was asking about it. The two of them were rather hungry.

"It should be about fourty five more minutes, maybe more. It would depend if security gives the dilivery poeple trouble." The blond director couldn't help the chuckle that escaped him as he said this. Security could be a little too anal about who steped into the building.

" I made sure to order exactly what you asked for. For the time being, let's just enjoy this coffee." Lazard took another long sip of the cafinated drink, and clicked onto a music player within his computer, thinking music would be a wonderful addition to their destraction.

The media player was set to an online station that played a mix of music, and a more recent song had begun to play. Both men eyed the computer screen as the sounds came from it, causing them to smile.

Deusericus's eyes wandered over to his younger friend for a moment, noticing that Genesis was bobing his head lightly to the rythem of the song. Another chuckle came out as he admired how slightly childish the brunet looked at that moment.

"I didn't think this music would be your style." He said teasingly. "I've always seen you as the "clasical" loving type."

The SOLDIER felt a blush run across his cheeks. It wasn't the fact that he was being teased that was causing it, but rather the way Lazard looked. To see him so relaxed like this was quite the site. almost too much for poor Genesis, but he knew he had to persivere, even if the hardened length in his pants was saying otherwise.

"You would be surprised at the things I like, Director. I do have some interest outside of Loveless, unlike what others have claimed."

Some time passed and the two cotinued to chat, but Lazard's mind was starting to wander ells where. The twinge he'd felt earlier was now becoming a steady throb. He needed the bathroom, and it was becoming urgent. The director would have excused himself by this point, but the topic of conversation had taken his attention; which meant he didn't want to end it abruptly. Instead, The blond one slowly rolled his chair so his lower body was hidden from view. This allowed him to carefuly lean forward.

In his new position, Lazard carefully brought his hand down and placed it atop of his lap, not yet holding onto enything. His stratigy was to try to make it look like he was just getting further into the story. Really, the director just wanted to relieve some preasure off of his bladder.

Genesis could see the discomfort in Lazard's face. It was clear as day, but the SOLDIER pretended not to notice. But he felt an urge inside of him that caused the man to cross his legs a bit. Lazard was just being too addorible at that moment. It was just like a little kid who was playing a game and didn't want to stop for one minute. Not even to go pee.

For now, the younger one could only smile, and lean in a bit closer to his little victim. "And that's how Dumbapples became so popular. My little idea made a great deal of fortune for my parents.." Genesis pulled out a couple of juice boxes, and offered one to Lazard, knowing this was one of the director's favorite drinks. It was unlikely that his precious little Lazard would refuse any, simply out of kindness. There was a reason the SOLDIER had chosen apple juice though. Had it been alcohol, the bolndling's judgement might had been afected, and Genesis wanted the man to be well aware of his need when it came. An other reason for juice was the natural sugars would only increas the speed of how much went into his bladder.

Honestly, the younger brunet was just becoming impatient. He really just wanted to see one thing at this point, and there was no way that he'd leave the ofice without seeing it.

The sight of apple juice was enough to cause Lazard to bight into his lower lip lightly. Not wanting to offend his favorite SOLDIER, the director took the juice box, putting on a smile while fighting off the urge to whimper from his need. The blond one's fingers fumbled as he tried to unwrap the little straw that came with the box, managing to get it out after a minute or two. Finally, the straw was poked into the little opening, causing a bit of juice to squirt from the drinking end of the straw. This was enough to cause Lazard's hand to shoot down between his legs as his bladder contracted. Luckilly, nothing had come from this. realizing where his hand was, the director quickly pulled it away, even if it hurt him to do so.

The moment a gloved hand had found it's way between Lazard's legs, Genesis had to use a great deal of will powere to supress a smile. It was much too soon to let his cover be blown. Everything was actually going much faster than anticipated. It almsot seemed like it was happening a little to fast, not that the SOLDIER was going to complain about it. The only way that the coffee could have taken effect so quickly was if the director already needed to go to the bathroom before hand. That thought made Genesis's throat go dry suddenly. Coughing lightly, the man tried to look as concerned as he possibally could for his boss.

"D-director? Are you alright? You're not looking well."

Lazard took a moment to catch his breath before he could look up at his younger counterpart, a great blush running across his cheeks. A bead of sweat ran down the director's cheek.

"Y-yes, Genesis. I'm alright." He said as calmly as he could. "But... I do need to excuse myself for a moment."

The director slowely backed his chair away from the work desk, his hand shacking lightly as the man fought not to grab hold of himself. The moment he tried to stand, a contraction caused him to double over, using his desk to keep balanced.

The blond one's breathing stopped for a moment as he used as much of his focus as he could on not leaking. With shaky knees, Lazard slowly rose up. it amazed the man to see how badly he needed to go. Not once did Deusericus remember being that desperate for a bathroom before.

"P-please, excuse me... I will be only a few minutes." he said, trying to stay as calm as he posibly could.

Genesis was just about ready to loose controle of himself when Lazard doubled over. He was lucky enough that the director hadn't seen his hand grabing at his own crotch. His mind searched frantically for an excuse to not allow his little half-prince a moment in the bathroom. Rhapsodos's blue eyes scanned the room for anything at all he could possibly use to dellay the other man in his tracks. The young SOLDIER's thought grew more frantic as his pray was making his was to the ofice exit.

Just as Genesis was loosing hope, like some gift of heaven, the telephone rang in Lazard's pocket. If the young military man knew his boss well, there was no way that Deusericus was going to let the call go to voicemail, especially when Genesis recognized the ring tone. The president Shinra was calling, and when the president himself made a personal call, one wouldn't simply let it go to voicemail.

Hope came to lazard as he saw the door that led outside of his ofice. There was a bathroom not far from it so he knew he could make it. Just as his hand was about to open the door, a vibration in his bocket startled him. This was enough to cause a small spurt to greet his underwear, luckily, only dampening them very lightly. Cursing under his breath, the young director made his way back into his ofice as he fished for the latest model of Tonberry in his suit pocket.

"Lazard Deusericus, Director of SOLDIER speaking. How may I help you, mister president?"

The blond one's attention could only half focus on the president at the moment, as he tried his best to keep control of his aching bladder withough having to grab himself.

"Of course... yes. Well... Se-sephiroth is out for the moment, he should be back come evening. I'll inform him upon his arival."

Lazard paced back and forth in the room, giving small responses as the president went on, showing the he was listening. Another spurt caused the man to gasp sgarply as he shamlessly grabbed hold of his aching member, forgetting that he was not alone. This time, it was enough to make his underwear wet, a very small dampness greeted his white pants.

The first spurt? Genesis missed. Despite having missed that one, the SOLDIER knew Lazard was at his limits. It was in the way the blond one walked stiffly, his legs a little too close together. The director's legs were even scisoring as he took steps forward. The brunet smiled as Lazard began hopping about, the very image of a man doing the peepee dance. He had to drink more of his own apple juice just to try to hide the excitement that was rushing through his body. Had his friends been there, surely Sephiroth or Angeal would have intervened and stop the conversation between the President and Lazard.

And then? A gloved hand shot btwixt the legs of the lovely desperate prey. Even better than that was small glimps of a golden stain forming where a hand now grasped tightly to stem any flow.

"Oh, please don't let him make it!" Genesis whispered to himself, making sure his boss did not hear him.

Please, hurry and finish talking! was what Lazard wished he had the courage to say, but he continued to speak to the president in his usual profesional way, even if it was becoming difficult to do so.

"N-no, Mister President. Everything is alright. I just... Hit my foot on my desk." The director answer, his hand squeezing tighter at his member, which was aching so much now, and screemed to let loose all his water. With every passing second, the elder man became more and more frantic, yet somehow managed to speak clamly into his phone. It just fel like the president just wasn't going to be stopping this conversation. Just when he thought his supurior was just going to keep talking, the sound of someone walking in the baground chimed like a beautiful song. Finally!

" Of course, Mister president. Have a good day, sir." Now Lazard new he'd have to run if he was going to make it!

Once again, Genesis was finding himself in need of some kind of excuse to keep Lazard from leaving his ofice. The man was just putting on such a wonderful show. It would be past a shame if that show would be interrupted. He prayed so hard for that phone to ring again, though if it did, only the president's ring tone would be answered to. It was highly ubnlikely that would happen. Though Rhapsodos had been praying for some kind of miracle, the one dilivered couldn't had been any ore perfect. Red lights began to flash, and a click was heard.

The director was so happy to finally be able to leave the ofice, only for his smile to fade quickly when he heard that familiar click.

The emergency electronic door lock had been set off. And then the red lights. Why now of all times? Why?!?

Deusericu's hands both shot down to his crotch, grasping hard into himself to try to stem a small leak. That was bad... There was no way this was happening! It just had to be a stressed induced dream!

Sadly, that wasn't the case. Lazard was very awake, locked in his ofice, and the one he cared the most about was going to see him in the most humiliating situation. Even more humiliating is admiting to the one you love that you're going to pee your pants!

Slowly, the blond one made his way back to Genesis, both hands still gripping tightly at his manhood, eyes full of pleading and desperation.

"G-Genesis... I... I need to pee, badly. I... don't think I can make it."

The need was made even more evident when a whimper escaped, and the stain grew a little more with a spurt of urine greeting Lazard's gloved hands. A small drop of pee made it's way down the man's leg, making his need all the stronger.

Genesis's eyes widened greatly when the vision of Lazard holding himself came closer and closer. It was... far more amazing than anythingthing the SOLDIER could have possibly invisioned.

And the confession of needing to pee? well that made the brunet's mouth drop open and his throat so dry. It was... the most amazing word's Lazard could have said in front of him. But now was not the time to be showing that he was enjoying this. With every fiber if his being, Genesis took a concerned look.

"I'm sure it's just a slight malfuction, director. We'll likely be out of here sooner than you think. Just try to hold on a little longer." His words were coated in soft, sweet concern, but his thoughts were pure hot lust.

Lazard smiled as his favorite SOLDIER was giving him words of kindness, but it did nothing for his need. It was downright painfull, and every movement caused his water to slosh around, putting presure on the pase of his cock. His every muscle ached with the need to release itself, and his knees were about ready to give in. Though his body seeked the wonderful relief, Genesis's words were enough to give him some hope.

Slowly, Rhapsodos stood from where he had been sitting, carefully placing one hand on his blondling's back, and the other to the man's chest. Genesis could feel his beloved director's chest pounding. The man was in critical need of a toilet and it was showing in everyway.

"Maybe if you try sitting, it won't be so bad." He said calmly, guiding the elder man to his ofice chair.

If sitting was a good idea or not, Lazard didn't really know. All he knew was that his body was becoming sore and tired. It took so much effort not to leak while every step taken caused emense pain to shoot through his bladder. It was just a good thing that the computer chair wasn't very far away.

Bending to sit was a torture all on it's own, but somehow... LAzard managed to do it without so much as a spurt. With a shaky breath, the blond one allowed himself to sit.

"Genesis... I can't been seen like this. What do I do?" The man hissed out, bighting his lower lip.

The brunet took in a shaky breath as well, trying to maintain his composure in such a situation was so hard, but he was determained to stay calm for the sake of not being found out.

"Sadly, there isn't much we can do. You just need to try to hold on just a little longer."

"I can't!" Lazard shouted. A sharp gasp game from him, and a jet of urine throught soaked his underwear. This wasn't happening! The director managed to stem the flow again using all the stregnth he could muster.

Hissing through his teeth, Deusericus looked up to Genesis, knowing that it would be unavoidible.

"Do-don't look at me..." Yet again, Lazard gasped and this time... the flow would not stop. It started with just a tiny dribble. slowly soaking his underwear and pants. as more released itself, the more it woudld pool under him onto the computer chair. The only way to describe his expression was that of pure horror.

It was happening, the directore was wetting himself and there was nothing Lazard could do about it. The more it came out, the louder it became.

Soon, hot pee trickled off the edges of the chair, pittering onto the floor below loudly.

By this time, the reliefe of it all far outwrighd any humilition. Lazard's stomach was slowly loosing it's swelling, and his body could only relax as he was throughly ruining his pants, staining them a nice light yellow.

It seemed endless, but slowly, the stream slowed to a trickle, and eventually stopped, leaving a tired, but o so relieved director to sit in his own puddle. Lazard's panted heavily as he looked up to Genesis, gasping once more at what he was seeing.

The moment urine began to splatter onto the ground, Genesis could no longer keep himself from smiling. This was it! It was what he was waiting for. His precious director was wetting himself, and it almost looked like he was enjoying it! The faces, the blushing, the sounds! It was all so amazing. Also very-

And then Genesis had to grab hold of himself. How could he not have noticed it sooner? it had come on so sudden;y that the brunet didn't even have time to react.

It was now his turn to throughly humiliate himself before the one he loved. Genesis was wetting himself. Not wetting, but all out wetting. it didn;t take much time for his undewear and pants to soak it up and let it go through to land at his feet.

The two stared at each other, both just as shocked as the other, in complete scilence. Slowly, their eyes made their way to the puddle that had formed. Exceptionally larg concidering it was a combination of the pee of both men.

At least five minute had passed before either of them could finally speak.

"Well..." Genesis began. "You won't have to worry about facing this alone..."

Okay, so... this is the second omo fic I've ever done. Lazard Deusericus and Genesis Rhapsodos do not belong to me. They belong to the creators of Final Fantasy VII. Ummm... I gues... That's alll I gotta say.

*002*2012-01-30 20:51

{{: 

Thanks for sharing! This made me smile ^^ I think they should have had a scene like this in the game.

You know, for some reason I was half-hoping Genesis would mix up the cups by accident and drink it himself XD So I thought your ending was genius :) (dumb question ^///^ but what is the difference between wetting and wetting? I always thought wetting was intentional whereas wetting is isn’t...)

}}

I'm glad that you like it. ^////^ it took me about a year to finish this one, I'm pretty sure. I had initially intended for Geneses to Tickle Lazard into wetting, but for some reason decided against it. And I'm a firm believer of Karma, so it was inevitible that Genesis would also end up wetting himself.

And... I agree, there SHOULD have been a scene like this in the game.

*004*2012-02-01 07:38

{{: 

Tickling him into wetting would have been good too, though I'm not sure how Genesis would avoid being demoted then, lol...

Yeah, Karma is awesome ^^

}}

I was also Kind of thinking about writing a Genesis focused Fic where he's forced to cross dress, and end up stuck in a limo or something.

*006*2012-02-02 17:11

{{: 

Lol!! That story sounds cute, that or WHATEVER you wanna write, I hope you do write more! You have a nice writing style and I love the way you characterized them both, I never really knew Lazard could have such an adorable side too lol...

}}

*blush* Th-thank you! I never did have that much confidence in my writing, but when people say things like that, it makes me wanna write more!

And, I believe Lazard would try to act professional as much as possible, but around certain people, he might let himself relax a little more, opting for a slightly more adorable side.

I don't know if you'd seen it, but I drew an omo Lazard pic, You should be able to find it in the art sumbissions.

Though I would like to write thatstory of Genesis. I'm currently writing a Homestuck Omo fic.

