Not really a story, just a descriptive event

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2011-10-06 06:33

Warning: She poops her pants at one point.

Two hour commutes by car are very tedious for this girl, and this one day it proved to be much more than tedious. She had just gotten in her car, knowing that she was in for a bit of a trip as she had to get home, shower and changed, and then on her way for a second job. Her second job had been explicit in asking that she showered and wore appropriate dress, so she had no choice but do as they wanted if she wanted to keep that job.

She pulled out of the business parking lot and onto the first of many roads. The width of the street barely held the cars, and when children walked along the side, it could slow traffic quite a bit especially when high school kids decided they wanted to ride their bicycles side by side rather than properly. Time ticked as the girl pulled out right behind a group of boys on their bicycles completely ignoring her. It would do no good to yell at them, and it would make her seem rude rather than the kids if she was observed, so despite being in a hurry, she had to wait for them to turn off.

At the moment, she wore nice darkblue jeans and a white sweater. She was grasping her violet steering wheel softly muttering insults at herself as she waited for the crazy boys to finally take off down a side street only to be slowed by a car moving at turtle's pace. Through the black glass, she could see a balding white head so that she knew the man was up in his years, and that probably had something to do with his driving. As side from needing to get home for her shower and preparing for her second job, a more urgent need was calling at her from the depths of her bowels. She contemplated stopping, but the only Seven Eleven that was currently close at hand, was on the other side of the street, and she knew she would have to wait nearly five minutes to get in and probably fifteen to get out. That would cut nearly twenty minutes off of her showering time, and she knew she just didn't have that kind of time.

The traffic lights wouldn't cooperate, and every time she thought the traffic was about to clear enough that she could get up to speed, she hit a dang red light! The commute was taxing and causing her to wish she could get out and scream or at least stretch and head to the wash room, but her head constantly reminded her to look at the dash where the clock reminded her that she had no time to stop.

The pangs of her bladder contracting and relaxing were driving her nuts as she used her right foot again and again to control the petals in the car. Each time she had to change position, especial to step on the gas, that little movement took a slight amount of pressure off of her hole that covered the tube that led to her bladder. relaxing that hole, that tube, those muscles, it was not a good idea. She knew it, but she had to shift her feet and follow the traffic laws.

Her stomach cramped and made tears in her eyes as she looked left and right, her face flushing red as she looked as much for caution as for peepers that might see that one of her hands was holding her middle, completely grabbing around her jeans. Her fingers were trying to dig into the denim fabric to press against her pee hold which was further covered by a pair of panties and the folds of her outer lubia. She was feeling her leg starting to shake with the effort of keeping her pee in, and the clock on the dash board told her that if she stopped, she would not make it.

Why? Why did the clock have to taught her so? She glared at it, hissed at it, and talked at it like it was cruel and living and purposely putting her in the situation she now found herself in. She squeezed her legs, the pangs of her bladder crying out for her to stop blocking the flow of traffic within. She could feel the river slushing against the damn that was still sealed tight. Her stomach felt swollen and helpless as it seemed to let in more water from her body.

The road was now moving in a fluid motion, but the speed was rather slow, and with a police car here and there, and not knowing from where they might come, speeding up even by ten kilometers an hour could delay her further from the toilet and get her license removed for who knows how long. She bravely fought on keeping her hand against her crotch, now her unused leg bouncing as she made a turn to the road that led most directly to her house.

The time continued to laugh at her. The distance continued to mock her. Her bladder continued to plead and gag and slosh around letting her know that it wasn't going to wait much longer. Already, the muscles that held her tubing squeezed tightly shut were beginning to tire, and she felt something like a pin prick stabbing itself into the seal of her bladder. She was about to do it, and still there wasn't even a last minute Seven Eleven now to save her.

There was a movement down her tubing that felt like a needle pulling thread through a very narrow tube. The thin stream then slipped through her pee hole, and wet her panties making her feel a small round wet spot where the pee had escaped. Her muscles quickly reacted by closing the tube tight, causing a little more to leak, but pushing the rest back up into her bladder again. Her panties were warm between her legs and they were wet. She was gasping, her face now slightly pink, and her eyes looking around as her hand moved away from her jeans, not so sure she wanted her hand there.

She stopped bouncing her leg for a moment and just squeezed her knees into each other, trying to keep the tube from expanding again, but it didn't work, and a gush of water pressed against her hole causing enough pressure that a tear was squeezed from her left eye as her muscle finally relaxed enough that a small lake started to appear between her legs, and shoot up trapping the puddle of pee in her lap for a moment before soaking back through and down to her bottom. She was starting to pee her pants.

Still she tried to hold on, though the first lake had appeared. There was plenty more water, and worse, there was a cramp from her bottom that told her that worse was in store. She gasped and drove as the little puddles, two, three, no four times appeared over her legs, some of it running down over the tops of her legs and over her waist while most of it soaked through and wet her car seat, the backs of her legs, and down her pants to the floorboard.

She was just outside her house finally, but her pants were soaked. She carefully looked around for neighbors, and when she didn't see any, she started to walk to the front door. She tried to walk slowly to keep her butt cheeks closed, but upon getting to the front door, and reaching for her keys, the soft poo started to slip out in a thin string at first, and it piled. It continued billowing into her panties like soft mud until it started to squeeze out her panty-legs. She was a mess.

She finally sighed, tears still running down her crimson face, and she opened the door to find her son starting at her!

