Video Games

Author: EgotisticalHomo

*000*2013-05-04 01:16

Author's notes: HOLY FUCKING SHIT GODDAMMIT....... I'm so ashamed of myself. I can't believe I wrote this. Oh my god. But enjoy it, my fellow omorashi-lovers. I think I got both of them OOC. Yeah, so, um....yeah. Tell me what you think and I'll do a better job on my next omorashi storymabob. Also I apologize for the length. Damn, so many errors. Just try to deal with it, please.

Sollux mashed the keys on his video game controller, not even trying to win, but he was still pounding Karkat easily. Karkat was failing a lot worse than he usually did, and it only kept getting worse.

"Dammit," the Cancer growled. "I swear to fucking god, I am going to fucking destroy you."

"Oh?" Sollux raised an eyebrow and looked over at his friend. It's was pretty much just to say Check this out, I don't even have to look at the damn screen, since he was still crushing Karkat's sprite without even seeing the it. "Becauthe you've already lotht theven gameth in a row."

"Fuck you." He pounded the keys on his controller angrily and violently, and it was a wonder the whole thing didn't break.

"We're both in the middle of thomething, tho maybe later." Sollux kept his gaze on Karkat. "Jeguth, I'm not even looking at the fucking thcreen, and I'm not even trying to beat you. Theriouthly, KK, I ekthpected more of a challenge from you."

The Cancer drew in a sharp, somewhat shaky breath, tensed up momentarily, and tightened his grasp on his controller. "I told you, I'm going to fucking destroy you. Just you w- Shit, shit, shit, FUCK!" He crossed his legs and tightly squeezed his thighs together.

Sollux smirked, switching to a more comfortable position, as Karkat's predicament became obvious to him.

"Wipe that fucking look off your face!" He whimpered quietly and squirmed around in his seat. He wasn't going to get up until he pounded the Gemini into the fucking ground.

"What?" Sollux asked innocently. "I wath jutht thinking of how retardedly pathetic your performanthe ith." He paused. "Hey, KK?"

"Nngh... What?" Karkat was crossing and uncrossing his legs constantly now, and starting to bounce around a little.

The hacker put one hand in his pocket and played using only the other one to even further downgrade his already-halfassed performance, solely to show off. "Why are you tho fidgety today? Doeth it have thomething to do with everything you drank earlier?"

"Fuck no." His voice was slightly pained and it sounded like he was having difficulty speaking in a level tone. "You're...making me self-conscious, fucking staring at me like that."

What a shitty job he did with that lie.

Sollux pushed up his glasses and took a drink of his water. "Tho maybe you thould have thome water." He held the glass out to Karkat. "Dehydrathion cautheth migraineth, and thothe really thuck."

Karkat let out a small whine. He shot Sollux a look that said Fuck you, and reluctantly swallowed down half of the glass. "I really, really fucking hate you."

"Eheheh, whatever, KK. Now drink the retht of that tho you don't get too dehydrated."

"No, just fucking no."

"Gonna pith yourthelf if you do?"

Karkat bit down on his bottom lip before standing up and launching his controller at the wall. "Fuck, Sollux! You're not going to fucking drop this, are you?" He crossed his legs and shoved both his hands between his legs, his cheeks a bright shade of red. His voice dropped to a whisper, and he answered, "Yes. Fuck yes, I have to pee. Okay?" He turned around and started to exit the room. "I'll be right fucking back."

Sollux grabbed his arm tightly and spun Karkat around to face him. "I think it would be more fun to keep you here for a couple more minuteth."

"Sollux," Karkat hissed through his teeth. "Please. I can't fucking wait a couple more minutes."

The Gemini gave the shorter troll a Oh, really kind of look. "No fucking thit."

"Just fucking let me go, goddammit.." It was more of a choked sob than a command. "I really ca- Fuuuuuck...!" He dropped to the ground, landing on his knees, and Sollux released his grip. Within just a few minutes, there was a puddle of pee around him, and he was shaking and sobbing.

Sollux couldn't help but feel just a little guilty. Karkat looked so damn pathetic, crying and wetting himself on the floor.

"F-fuck you..."

Sollux sat down on his knees. "KK...I-"

"Fuck off." His voice was a bit stronger and steady, but it was anything but either of those things.

Yellow flooded Sollux's cheeks as he sighed and purposely wet himself, thinking it was probably the least he could do at the time.

Karkat looked up, face crimson red, and stopped crying. "Sollux, you didn't have to do that..."

"I didn't have to not be an athhole about thith whole fucking thing."

Karkat gave Sollux a quick kiss, then kept his gaze fixed on the ground. "Thanks, fuckass."

*002*2013-05-04 16:21

{{:

The bad language in this fanfic is too OP XD

}}

Eheheh...yeah, I suppose for some people it is. As I was writing this, though, I kept in mind that Karkat is one of the most foul-mothed characters and would probably cuss even more in a situation like this, and Sollux is too. It also doesn't help that I swear a hell of a lot more than either of them do. XD

