Lula's embarrassing secret - Page 4

Author: omobecca

*061*2019-11-12 00:08

Here are the girls!

Goddamn I hate drawing hands. They might all have to wear mittens next time >.<

Anything like people expected? Beth was the hardest to visualise.

$$

*067*2019-11-12 20:26

Lula was awkwardly quiet. All she could hear was Rosie and herself breathing.

"You okay?" Rosie asked, Lula shook her head. She was embarrassed for having wet in front of someone yet, she still felt flushed from Tom and actually wetting. She stood there with her thighs squeezed together and her hands clamped together in front of her crotch. She didn't know why she was hiding it; Rosie already knew.

"Well this isn't awkward" Rosie tried to lighten the mood.

"Why did you make me?" snapped Lula. Rosie raised her eyebrows.

"I didn't make you" claimed Rosie, "It's okay. Fuck. Don't worry"

"I..."

"Urggghhhh" Rosie groaned. "What of it? It's only us. Am I embarrassed? Not really"

"But you said you can't help it?" Lula whimpered.

"... and you can?" Rosie asked. Lula stammered. Rosie was so on to her.

"Yes" replied Lula confidently.

"Mmhmmm. You know what?"

"What?"

"I was actually happy... relieved when I heard the story about your.. what happened to you... what you did"

"Why?" Lula sounded disgusted.

"Because I thought my best friend would understand the thing I've had to keep a secret for so long" Rosie suddenly sounded less cheerful. Lula's heart dropped. So maybe she wasn't messing about? She just wanted to trust me? She's had the problem for years. Oh no.

"I'm sorry" Lula said looking down at the floor before finally lifting her head to see Rosie's dark patch on Rosie's crotch and then to her head.

"Look" snapped Rosie, moving over to her bed. She whipped the duvet up and threw it towards the wall. She peeled away the sheet to show a soft looking white sheet.

"What?" asked Lula confused.

"A kid's sheet. Piss mat. Waterproof" Rosie said awkwardly. Her tone had shifted. She sounded slightly more emotional.

"I didn't know"

"I KNOW. No one does. I thought you'd understand and not just be weird about it"

They both paused.

"What does... does it work?" Lula asked, curious.

"Well yeah" Rosie confirmed, seeing a shift in Lula's interest.

"Right" Lula was transfixed on the sheet. Rosie noticed.

"Here look" Rosie reattached the corner of the top sheet and hopped up onto her bed, bouncing slightly as she took a few steps and turned around.

"What are you...?"

"Shhh look" Rose hissed, She closed her eyes and clenched her fists, obviously tensing her body. Within seconds her crotch gleamed once again. It only lasted a few seconds though. She mustn't have filled up since the taxi. Since she was stood up though, a stream of pee ran down the inside of each of her legs. There was enough pee for the wet patch to spread form her crotch to half way down her thighs. The dribbles trickled all the way to her feet and onto her pastel lilac bed sheet. Lula stood there wide eyed. She watched as the pee dribbled and soaked into the sheet. She suddenly remembered her own bed wetting and the mess she'd made. She was feeling discomfort for Rosie, who still had her eyes closed seemingly not worried about the basketball sized wet patch beneath her feet,

Once she'd finished peeing she opened her eyes and stared at Lula. She took a step forward and hopped of her mattress before pulling the lilac sheet back once again. She pointed at the mattress protector underneath. It had completely absorbed everything. The only evidence was the wet patch on the sheet.

"Wow" claimed Lula.

"Yeah?"

"Well... yeah?" They both stared at the mattress protector.

"It's washable too. My parents accept the fact it happens. We don't really talk about it. We just deal with it when we need to. So yeah I sort of get away with it?"

"Don't you want to try and stop?" asked Lula, more curious than ever.

"Yeah sure. But I'm so used to it when I'm home, you know?"

"Wish I'd had one of these when I... you know". Rosie nodded in understanding.

"Sorry" Rosie said, leaning into Lula's shoulder. Lula leaned back onto her head. Rosie moved away.

"Have you ever..." Rosie started.

"What?" asked Lula. Rosie raised her eyebrows and made a 'come here' motion with her forefinger and middle finger, nodding slightly. It took a while for Lula to understand what she was getting at. She coughed and spluttered.

"What.. huh... I..."

"I'll take that as a yes" Rosie said under her breath, "It's okay Lule's, we don't have to be awkward or shit. I've literally told you my biggest secret" Lula was still flustered about Rosie' previous question.

"You know how my parents both go to work early on Saturday mornings?" Rosie asked. Weird change in conversation.

"Yeah?" Lula answered.

"Well I..." Rosie stopped.

"What?"

"I..." She took a deep breath, "I maybe... get away with it? Like, I'll do what I want Friday night and Saturday morning and like... they'll never find out? I wash it all myself before they get home" Rosie admitted.

"What?" Lula was shocked.

"Yep. Why not?" Rosie admitted once again.

"Every...?"

"Every week more or less. Like now, I could pee as many times as I wanted all night and they'd never know"

"Would you?"

"Yeah. Sure. So what?"

"Have you done it when I've stayed round before?"

"No of course not. You didn't know about it so I couldn't"

"But now?" asked Lula. Rosie paused.

"Yeah?" she replied slowly. Lula looked away from her.

"Not in these though. Jeans are uncomfortable" Rosie unzipped the jeans and pulled them down. The denim pulled away from the skin on her legs. Lula stared as her best friend's soaked white knickers, with black dots, were right in front of her. The material had gone partially see through. Lula looked away feeling awkward. Rosie squatted and dragged a large plastic box from underneath her bed. She pulled off a folded blanket from the top of the box and slumped the jeans into the empty space. She then pulled out a large, thin, white sheet.

"We've got to blow up your bed but you want one?" Rosie asked innocently.

"Is that?"

"Yeah, another one. I've got a few. They wash but... yeah". Lula was stunned. Is this really happening? She's... I could... It'd be okay... offering... I could... She also...

"Umm..." Lula was hesitant. She literally had no idea how to respond. Rosie tilted her head and sighed.She pulled the rest of the sheet from the box and threw it at Lula. Lula awkwardly caught it. The waft of air that came with it smelt fresh. No smell of pee at all. These really work?

"I'll get the blow up bed" Rosie said as she pushed the box back under the bed, replacing the blanket, and digging out a fresh pair of light grey pyjama shorts from a drawer and pulling them up over her soaked white knickers.

As Rosie quietly opened her bedroom door to go fetch the blow up bed, Rosie stood rubbing the sheet between her fingers. It was soft. She looked back over at Rosie's bed and at the wet path she'd left a while ago. Rosie let go with her left hand and felt between her legs. Her jeans were damp and cold. She could feel the pressure of her fingers against the denim and the rubbing motion on her thigh. Lula snapped her head up and waited a few seconds. Didn't sound like Rosie was coming back yet. With her hand still against her thigh, Lula tensed and pushed. With her ears pricked up and her head reaction to any tiny sound in Rosie's house, she felt as a mall wave of warmth spread through her knickers and into the crotch of her jeans.

She immediately regained control and stopped the small flow. The inside of her hand felt soggy. She quickly raised her hand to the inside of her legs and squeezed herself. She felt the saturated denim leak into her fist. Lula moaned quietly to herself. She wiped her hand on the sheet in her other hand. It dried her hand quite well. I could use it tonight. All night. As many times as I d like. Rosie would too; use hers. She always does? I've only brought these jeans... and my pyjama bottoms. I can't go home in wet jeans tomorrow. Fuck no. I could go home in the pyjamas though? Get picked up? That's a normal thing to happen? Rosie's right though, jeans are uncomfortable. Just wear them. You've slept in jeans before. Not wet ones though. You have to?

Lula heard Rosie's bedroom door click shut.

"We'll have to blow it up, the machine thing is too loud"

"Fun" Lula said quietly.

"You're good at blowing now, right?" Rosie joked. Lula felt a wave of normality flush over her as Rosie joked about something other than pee.

"Fuck off" Lula droned back with a poker face.

"You still need to tell me everything" Rosie ordered, unfolding the blue inflatable mattress.

"That'll take ages" Lula exclaimed.

"THAT much happened?"

"NO, no, I meant the mattress"

"You've still got the sheet?"

"... yeah"

"Putting it on?"

"I..."

"You...?"

"This is my only pair of jeans"

"You give too easily Lule's" Rosie laughed, "I've got spares if you want. We'll wash your in the morning with this stuff?"

"I couldn't use yours... that'd be weird?"

"Yeah maybe. Thanks for agreeing though?" Rosie said softly.

"Agreeing?"

"To do this with me? Maybe I'm hoping for once I won't feel guilty after. I'm being selfish I know" Rosie didn't look at Lula once whilst saying this.

"Not selfish. It's okay. I suppose..." Rosie gulped, "I suppose it'd be interesting to... you know... try?" Lula was trying to find the right words to make it sound like she was so looking forward to the night ahead.

The two had been taking turns blowing up the bed for a good 10 minutes. After a while Rosie got up and left her room again. As Lula finished inflating the bed she quickly put on the mattress protector. She didn't want Rosie to see her put it on. That seemed like a weird form of acceptance? Or admittance? Either way she felt strange letting her friend see her put it on. Lula then stretched over the light blue sheet Rosie had also provided. As she finished pulling the last corner, Rosie returned with a glass of water in each hand. She gently pushed her door shut with her waist.

"Why?" Lula asked.

"Well you've agreed so... let's see who gives in first?" she said playfully. A holding contest? Seriously?

"Really? We don't have to actually like, pee, right?" Saying the word pee out loud made Lula's voice go croaky as she felt suddenly nervous saying it.

"Just, one night with me? Make me feel like it's not only me? In a weird sort of really selfish friendly way?" she tried to sound convincing. Lula, of course, needed no convincing.

"You going to stay in them?" Rosie asked, nodding down at Lula's jeans as she handed over the glass of water. Lula nodded without saying anything.

"Oooooh okay, so down it or every few minutes?" Rosie asked somewhat excited.

"Well you hydrate quicker with smaller..."

"Fine, nerd" Rosie scoffed as she took a few small gulps. She nodded at Lula again as if to say drink, Lula took a few gulps too.

"Right so... we'll lay in bed. You need to tell me everything about Tom and we'll drink every couple of minutes?"

Lula had given up trying to find excuses. She knew she wanted to play the game. Rosie was literally offering her a free pass for the night. Rosie carefully darted her way across the room and flicked the light switch. Lula could hear her hurl herself back into her bed and wrap under the duvet. Lula carefully shifted herself down and onto the uneven surface of the blow up mattress. She couldn't tell there was a mattress protector underneath. That was unnerving. She took another swig of water before returning the glass to a bedside table.

She shifted her weight and eventually rested on her right hand side, facing Rosie's bed. Lula twinged her feet as she pulled each sock off with her toes. Rosie had also brought in a spare single duvet with a cute floral pattern. Just as she got comfy, Lula leaned back up and undid her bra before pulling it from the back of her T Shirt and onto the carpet next to her. As much as she definitely wanted to pee she was apprehensive to actually go along with it being with Rosie. She also didn't need to go at that moment.

*vrrrrbt* *vrrrrbt*

Rosie's phone screen lit up some of Rosie's room.

"That's him!? That has to be him?" Rosie exclaimed.

Lula picked up her phone to see Rosie was indeed right.

Tom: "Hey thank you for coming tonight. Hope you enjoyed the film. Not sure if I said it before but you looked cute. Hopefully again soon? xx"

"You HAVE to reply RIGHT NOW" Rosie was way more excited than Lula. She had suddenly forgotten their little game and what and felt the butterflies swell her stomach.

"Nu' uh" whimpered Lula.

"You pansy ass fanny come on give me your phone"

"Not. A. Chance" Lula demanded.

"Did he kiss you or did you kiss him?"

"Rosie!"

"Yeah I saw" Lula knew Rosie was grinning from ear to ear. She felt her cheeks go red hot.

"How was it!?" Rosie questioned. Lula started grinning.

"Nice" she said.

"Nice. Is that it? Nice? Come on"

"It was nice"

"So you're a thing?"

"I don;t..."

"Did you not speak about it?"

"No?"

"Was that your first..."

Lula nodded. Rosie heard the shifting sound against the pillow.

"N'awwwwwwww Lule's"

"Shut up"

"Drink" Rosie ordered as she took another few swigs of her glass. Lula was brought back to the here and now. Her thoughts of Tom faded as she snapped back into Rosie's bedroom. Oh yeah. Drinking. Lula felt a conflict of emotions. She wanted to talk about Tom, as much as she wasn't giving much away. She also wanted to play Rosie's game. Ideally however, she didn't want to do both at the same time. It had been her first proper kiss. Her first real intimate moment. She felt it was being ruined by her dirty fetish, Even though Rosie didn't know about it, Lula felt the game wasn't beneficial to how she was feeling. She also knew the game was for Rosie's benefit. She'd gone out of her way tonight to support her if things hadn't gone well. So Lula felt as if she owed Rosie and maybe this was it? Lula took a few sips.

"Was he forceful? Did you want to?"

"Rosie"

"Well?"

"Yes..."

"Yes what? He forced you?"

"No?"

"So you did it too?"

"Yes?" Lula could hear Rosie shift with excitement.

"So the message"

"I'm not replying tonight, I don't know what to say"

"Ahh, keep him waiting. Saucy"

"Saucy?"

"Yes, Lula. Saucy" Rosie replied confidently.

"Don't say anything at least until tomorrow night. Make him wait so he has to think about you"

Damn, that's a good idea.

"That's a good idea..."

"I know you're welcome"

The conversation carried on for a good while. Lula was letting more and more information slip as Rosie persistently asked questions. Every now and then they'd both drink some water until the glasses were empty. Soon after the conversation did down a bit to shorter sentences.

"So you gonna go?" asked Rosie.

"Go?" asked Lula.

"You know?" Rosie questioned.

"I don't know if I can. Feels weird in a bed... and you're here"

"Seriously? It's okay"

"I don't want to get it on the carpet... it might"

"Trust me the sheet will be fine"

"I don't..." Lula was feeling tired. She didn't want to talk about it.

"Oh my God OKAY look" Rosie sounded annoyed again. The corned of her room lit up suddenly as she flicked on her bed side lamp. Lula peered up towards Rosie's bed. She couldn't see her so she pushed herself up and leaned on her arms. Rosie was laying on her side facing Lula. She was almost in the fetal position. Lula could make out a small, dark grey spot on her crotch.

"Look" ordered Rosie as she crotch glowed white in the creases. A flood ran sideways down her left leg and between her thighs. Lula could hear the pee pooling beneath Rosie in the silence of the room.

Rosie flicked off her lamp as Lula could hear the splosh of her friend's pee in the darkness. Lula heard Rosie pull the cover back over.

"It's literally fine"

"And you do that every week?"

"Yes. I've said" She was being blunt.

"Sorry"

"It's okay. Just, trust me please?"

The two girls were silent after that. The sound of Rosie's pee disappeared. Lula felt herself throb. She'd now seen her best friend wet three times in one evening. She wondered how it felt beneath her. How many times will she...?

Lula's body twitched as she rolled over and felt the air bed wobble her onto her back. Her eyes snapped open. Silence. She could hear the faint sound of Rosie breathing. She checked her phone. 04:37. She felt bloated. Her abdomen felt bruised. Oh no. Wow. Should I? She felt her jeans under the duvet. They'd pretty much dried over the last few hours despite the slight dampness. She pushed gently down on her bladder and felt the instant need to pee.

I shouldn't. I want to but I shouldn't. Will she be annoyed if I don't though? She wants me to? She wants to know she's not weird. Huh, that's how I felt when I first did it. Is she into... Nah, she can't be. It's something she's had to live with. Wow I need to go. Lula winced as she considered Rosie waking up in the morning and seeing Lula bone dry. Her thought process was strange and she felt conflicted.

Well you need to go now. Use the bathroom? I'd wake everyone up. Rosie would hear. I couldn't flush the chain that'd definitely wake everyone up. But if I didn't that'd be weird. I don't have a choice... Do I? Despite her thoughts, Lula had already made up her mind. She was just trying to find reasons not to.

Lula closed her eyes and winced. She lay flat on her back with her arms folded. She felt awkward as it wasn't a natural sleeping position. A few seconds passed and she felt the rush from her bladder and the twinge in her vagina as the crotch of her jeans felt warmer and wetter. She started and stopped a few times so not to make a loud hissing sound but the desperation got too much. She eventually let go and let it happen. Lula felt it pool beneath her and spread over the sheet. Rosie was right, it didn't seem to be leaking anywhere. It just stayed and disappeared? Lula arched her back slightly and grasped the sheet beneath her with both hands.

As she rested her back down on the air bed she felt the bottom part of her T Shirt get wet. She started to breath heavily but tried to stop it. She knew her ass was saturated. If this sheet was as good as she said.... Rosie flipped her body around as she peed and rested the front of her body on the soaking sheet. The pee fell directly beneath the crotch of her jeans. She felt it spread over the front of her thighs and against the bottom of her stomach. Lula slowly and gently gyrated her hips. She slipped her left hand down the mattress and placed the palm of her hand at the crotch of the jeans. She felt her hand soak as she moved her body against her hand. She felt as if a bubble was enclosing her. Rosie was no longer there.

She was in her own little space. Her own moment. She undid her jeans and moved her hand over the top of her saturated knickers. She began to run her finger over the stream of pee and against herself. The sensation was overwhelming. She opened her mouth and bit into the pillow. She couldn't stop her erratic short breaths. Her right fist was clenched tight as she played with herself while peeing. It didn't take long for the stream to finish and Lula to finish herself off. She laid still with waves and waves of pins and needles cover her body from head to toe. She felt tingles pulse from the centre of her body. She bit down hard on the pillow. She let out a final exhale as she started to breath normally again. Silence.

Rosie was still completely asleep. Lula started to get the dirty, guilty feeling. What have I done? Rosie's there! Oh my God. I shouldn't... How do I clean.

Lula soon remembered she didn't need to clean anything. If Rosie was right, the pee wouldn't have leaked anywhere. If anything, she could go again and again, apparently. Lula knew this had to look like an accident. She did up her jeans, wiped her hands over the sheet and hugged the pillow in front of her, still laying on her front. As she moved her hips she could feel the sogginess of her knickers against her wet, sticky skin. She liked it but felt guilty. As she came down from the excitement her heart rate lowered and she felt calmer. With time she felt more at ease and felt herself drift back off....

*071*2019-11-15 02:40

Sorry >.<

I usually write late in the evenings when I'm tired. Bad excuse I know. I tend to reread sentences as I've written them to double check but obviously not well enough.

I'll be more careful next time

*077*2019-11-15 13:41

Honest feedback is good. Please don't argue

Thank you everyone.

*078*2019-11-17 14:52

*Rustle rustle*

Rosie slowly shifted in her bed before pulling he duvet over and inspecting her body. Her once light grey sorts were no longer. She sat up and felt her top cling to her skin. She had peed in the night more than usual. Had she gained confidence knowing Lula was there?

She scrunched her nose in disgust at what she'd done. She loved acting confident in front of Lula but to herself she always felt guilty as if it could all have been avoided. She sat up a huge dark spot on her sheet which was as wide and tall as Rosie herself. She forced the palm of her hand into the sheet and mattress and felt a shallow, cold puddle of pee soak upwards from the protective sheet underneath. But it was okay. This was normal? Rosie checked her phone. Her parents would indeed have left by now. Rosie slumped out of bed and eyed up Lula asleep on the airbed on the floor below. Had she? would she have? Rosie started to consider she'd been too weird and forceful the night before. She was still unsure whether exposing herself to her best friend was the best idea. Was Lula just being nice? Did she think Rosie was just stupid?

Rosie looked down as she sat on the edge of her bed. She widened her legs and saw a fresh dam spot beneath her on the dry sheet as she sat. Her saturated shorts had left an ass and thigh shaped wet spot. Lula shifted. Rosie froze. A few seconds passed. She was still sleeping. Rosie exhaled. Rosie noticed that Lula's blanket had moved as she shifted. She leaned down towards the floor and innocently inspected Lula's backside Lula's black jeans had an obvious darker shade about them. There was a distinct line on the right hand side of her hips. Rosie smiled. Did she do it for me? Does she have a problem too? She's comfortable with this... Rosie left her bedroom content. She grabbed a towel and headed to the shower. She closed the bedroom door behind her.

*Clink*

Lula's eyes snapped oven and she sat bolt up right. She bounced slightly as she moved so quickly on the airbed. Lula didn't need to feel herself. She knew what she'd done. She felt heavy with shame and damp. She also felt strangely flustered. She had had a dream about Tom. She started to reflect on the events of yesterday evening. Lula lifted the blankets and threw them to the end of the bed. The sheet beneath her was a darker shade of blue and her jeans felt weighted against her legs. She wanted to get out of them.

Lula looked to her right. Rosie wasn't there. Holy fuck. Rosie's pastel lilac bed sheet was soaked a dark purple. The wet spot was huge. Lula uncomfortably stood up and looked at her own sheet. It wasn't as big. Lula didn't think she'd peed in her sleep. She knew she did before but she liked to think she had some control. She felt a twinge in her bladder though. She needed her morning pee. Lula held, however. She assumed Rosie had gone for a shower. She knew if she did anything now it'd be obvious she'd freshly wet or her sheet had been wet on. She felt that her T Shirt was wet and creased with pee. This was the longest she'd stayed in wet clothes. She wasn't sure she liked it. Lula awkwardly got back down onto the air bed and covered herself with the slightly damp blanket. She felt awkward and vulnerable and didn't want Rosie to see her as much as she knew she would when they swapped to get washed.

About 15 minutes later, Lula flinched as Rosie opened her bedroom door and wandered back in. She was in freshly dry black leggings and a long, loose pyjama shirt.

"Morning!" Rosie said enthusiastically.

"Hi" Rosie replied quietly.

"So?"

"So what?

"Did you...?"

There was a pause.

Lula nodded.

"Well..." Rosie started, looking at her own bed, "go get a shower"

"Can you... no look?" Rosie asked.

"Girl you've obviously seen this" Rosie claimed, pointing at her own bed, "just go. It's okay"

Lula sighed and put her phone on the floor. She slowly lifted the blanket and stood up. This was the most vulnerable Lula had ever felt. Rosie looked up and down at Lula and the airbed.

"Hmm" Rosie murmured.

Lula shifted out of the room with her bag. She darted over the landing towards the bathroom and almost slammed the door and locking it. She knew Rosie's parents weren't in but felt it was necessary to feel secure.

*Knock knock knock knock* Lula jumped.

"Put your clothes in the washing bin and we'll wash everything when you're done" Rosie's voiced boomed from behind the door.

Lula looked next to the door and saw a pile of clothes in a hamper. At the top were Rosie's soaked knickers, shorts and top she'd worn to bed. Lula stared. She edged closer and glared at Rosie's shorts. It didn't seem there was a dry spot on them. Lula's bladder twanged again. Would flushing the toilet be awkward given... fuck it. Lula knew she was already wet. She had no idea what would be awkward anymore. She climbed into the bathtub and immediately let her pee flow. She re soaked her jeans for what she thought was the third time in 12 hours.

With thoughts of last night and her dreams she unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans and threw her hand down. She cupped her vagina and felt the pee pool pee from the knickers into her hand. Her and felt warmer and stickier as she could hear the pee gurgle and patter against her palm. Lula's waist jerked and her knees gave. Her right knee bent and she lowered her body, supporting herself with her left hand on the edge of the tub. Lula slipped down and laid in her warm puddle. She was already soaked. So what?

After her shower, Lula happily put on her dry pyjamas and slumped her soaked clothes into the hamper. Reunited with Rosie, the two went downstairs to the washing machine and threw their own wet clothes into the machine. Rosie had also piled together the girls' two sheets and waterproof sheets. Lula felt guilty when she saw Rosie carrying her wet evidence.

TBC later. Busy this evening .

*081*2019-11-18 01:39

Previous chapter continued.

"Do you...?" started Lula.

"Do I... what?" asked Rosie.

"... like it?"

"Like... it?"

"It. Do you like to do it? This?"

"I don't know. Did you?" That wasn't a question Lula expected. She choked on her breath.

"It was..."

"Easy? Convenient?"

"Yeah. But do you do it on purpose?"

"Sometimes" Rosie admitted.

"Why though?"

"For the reasons I just said? Because I've had a problem since I was a kid?"

"Ahh, right" Lula remembered. The girls watched the washing machine start to spin as the water and clothes sloshed around in the white bubbles.

"Why did you do it?" asked Rosie.

"You wanted me too?" Lula hesitantly replied.

"No. People don't just piss themselves because their friend asked" Lula flinched at the words piss themselves.

"You literally almost ordered me to"

"You didn't have to"

"You made it sound like I could... I should"

"Hmm" Rosie stopped asking questions. She realised she'd been quite forceful the night before. She started to feel bad she'd forced her best friend to wet the bed. She wanted to change the subject.

"Tom" Rosie snapped.

"What?" Lula awkwardly and quickly replied.

"What are you doing about Tom?"

"Nothing? You said leave it for a bit"

"Damn if I said jump of a cliff would you?"

"Depends on how high..." Lula was cut off. Rosie pushed Lula to the floor from where they were both squatting in front of the washing machine.

"Funny" Rosie said sarcastically. The girls laughed at each other.

It had been almost 24 hours since Tom had messaged Lula. She'd actually opened the message now so he could see she'd read it. Lula was laying in her own bed in her dark blue, fleece lined jogging bottoms and a hoodie. The hood was up and she had pulled the toggles tight. Her phone trembled in her hands as she read Tom's message over and over again.

Tom: "Hey thank you for coming tonight. Hope you enjoyed the film. Not sure if I said it before but you looked cute. Hopefully again soon? xx"

Lula: "Hey thanks for"

No too similar.

Lula: "I enjoyed the film it was"

Too direct.

Lula: "Hehe you looked"

I don't say hehe what the fuck.

Lula: "Thanks for inviting me. What did you have in mind?"

No kisses?

Lula: "Thanks for inviting me. What did you have in mind? xx"

Can't put the same amount. That shows I feel the same way he does.

Lula: "Thanks for inviting me. What did you have in mind? x"

Is one a bit bitchy? What about none? Play hard to get, right? Nah, one's okay.

Lula's thumb shook over the send button.

Ugghh, wetting is literally easier than this. Hmph. Funny.

Lula slowly but forcefully pressed her thumb down on the send button. The bubble with her text appeared on the screen and she instantly turned off her phone and dropped it on her chest. She let out a big sigh.

As Lula turned around to get some sleep she felt her abdomen swell. At first she closed her eyes but then opened them again.

No. Go normally. You don't have the protector thingy like Rosie. Don't get cocky.

Lula slipped out of bed and flung her phone into the front pocket of the hoodie and made her way to the bathroom. She locked the door, pulled down her joggers and sat on the toilet. As her skin hit the cold plastic toilet seat she felt her stomach vibrate. This made her lift her body and sit again.

Tom: "Well we could go for a meal? xx"

Lula felt a warm wave of comfort and fear fill her body. Her stomach filled with butterflies and she felt her face go warm. She took a deep breath in and turned off the screen. Lula placed her phone inside her joggers and knickers, which had both been pulled down. She put her head in her hands and tried to stop the flustered feeling. As she tried to compose herself she naturally started to pee. She realised how she felt 'normal' actually peeing into a toilet. The feeling of her ever growing crush was enough to satisfy her emotions. I don't need to wet to feel good. Lula tried to convince herself. This is a phase, right? It has to be. I can stop. I can not like it. I can just... not? Lula finished peeing and let the last few drops fall into the toilet water. The fizz in her stomach spread to her crotch as she tensed to extend the feeling.

Once Lula stood up she pulled back up her knickers and joggers. She replaced her phone into her front pocket. As she stood there fully dressed she paused but then tried something. She squeezed hard and, as she thought, the last trickle of pee escaped into her knickers. She felt it warm the immediate area and then run its way towards her butt. There wasn't much, only what was left from a minute ago. She started to throb. Okay this IS a good feeling.

As Lula reentered her bed she was once again conflicted. She wanted to be 'normal' again and move forward with Tom but she knew she was starting to be more confident with her fetish and, if anything, had Rosie to talk about it with. Would she have to choose? Could she manage both?

