Pokemon Omorashi Short - Page 6

Author: Alexxx

*127*2016-05-27 02:32

{{On 5/25/2016 at 2:26 PM, Lugia said:

We'll see how the thing with Abby goes I guess, or maybe we won't...... hell I don't know. And what do you by about to pull an HM01?

}}

Travis used Cut. It's super effective!

And before you tell me normal attacks can't be super effective, I'll remind you that they totally can if your ability is Refrigerate, and your heart is full of ice~! ;3

Juggling quite a few things at the moment, (New jobs and moving!) and thus, the story will be delayed a week or two. Not to worry though; the conclusion of Chase & Friends will be back shortly, and then soon, more Josh, Static, and all your pals. Thanks for your patience! "3

*133*2016-06-11 12:59

### Violet ---

“Poison Fang!”

"Travis, I don’t-"

“Then Gunk Shot!”

I cursed as more tiny leaves clunked against my lavender, scaled exterior. "Damnit, Travis, this is just a show! I don’t know any moves unless I transform into something I can see!"

"That’s it, Azalea! Keep it up!" Kevin cheered.

Around us, the office was nearly destroyed. Cubicle walls were torn down, papers were strewn across the room, and mugs lay shattered across the floor. The Bulbasaur threw another barrage of leaves, which I dodged by coiling around a pillar.

She missed the pillar entirely, nearly impaling their boss, who was hiding in the corner.

"Auuugh!" The Bulbsaur cried, rubbing her eyes in frustration before sending another volley of leaves.

"What do you suggest, then?" Travis spat, holding a revive uselessly, as if to restore another Pokemon to my aid. "Transforming into that weakling Bulbasaur is suicide. What do you want us to do? Run?"

I looked her up and down, assessing her. Seeing her faults, and her clunky movements. Sharper claws, perhaps, and less pudgy…

"I can be a better her." I nodded.

"You’re insane!"

I grinned a crooked, fanged smile at my trainer. Behind me, a panel of lights blew, setting the carpet aflame. "Give the word, master!"

"Fine, do it!" Travis ordered.

In one motion, I shifted from Ekans to Bulbasaur, and felt the weight of her power shift into my own. My petals shifted, giving way to a massive purple orb.

Sludge Bomb!

Unlike Azalea’s attacks, this one struck true, sending the tiny Bulbasaur reeling into one of the side offices, shattering the glass outside.

"Yes!" Travis yelled, fist held high.

Outside, the sound of sirens grew. Travis’ head spun towards the window as Azalea climbed out of the shattered office, her vines limp, yet still writhing.

“Wait! Does Azalea know Sludge Bomb?” The taller human asked, from a distance.

“How should I know!? I’ve never fought outside a Daycare before!”

I launched another attack at the sniveling Bulbasaur, but she pushed off the ground with her vines, barely dodging the attack. In midair, she send another wave of leaves which clattered off my sides.

"Hit her!" Travis hissed, staring outside in panic.

The destruction and chaos around us died down, and for once, I only saw her and me. She dodged to the right, expecting an attack, but I held my own. She sent another volley of leaves, missing me entirely, and impaling the roof above.

I held my attack, and feigned left. The Bulbasaur dove right, just as I fired, and I saw the fear in her eyes just as the attack hit, plowing her into the floor. I felt her mind slip into unconsciousness, and turned to Travis, satisfied.

“Freeze!”

I whirled to the door, where a policewoman stood, lowering her foot after kicking in the door. Beside her, a confident Blissey strolled, arms crossed.

“Hands in the air, everyone.” The policewoman barked.

Chase and Kevin obeyed, along with their boss, whose clothes were covered in discarded leaves. Travis took a step backwards, then, realizing there was only one police officer, pointed his finger at the Blissey.

“Attack!”

Instantly, I shot another Sludge Bomb into the pink mass, but she didn’t even flinch.

"I love it when the likes of you struggle." The Blissey grinned, closed the distance between us and grabbing me by the root, and Seismic Tossed me against the table.

"Transform into the Blissey!" Travis shouted.

I obeyed, instantly taking the form of the egg shaped blob inches from my face.

"Wrong move." Blissey scoffed, smacking me across the face, leaving a deep purple, venomous scar.

"Run!" Travis yelped, motioning to a window. He winced, elbowing the glass and shattering it against his arm.

I obeyed, feeling the venom begin to course through my body. Travis dove through and I followed, transforming into a Pigeotto under him, and taking into the sky.

Beneath us, I could hear sirens, and the policewoman barking orders, commanding us to land. All I felt was ill, as the poison throbbed in my gut.

“Violet!” Travis commanded, shaking me out of my thoughts. “Transform into Skarmory. You’ll be immune to the poison.”

I commanded, my down replacing itself with a mirrored exterior mid-flight, but I still felt just as ill. Travis dug through his bag, desperate to find an antidote.

I curved over a building, flying away from the horizon. My eyelids felt heavy, and every flap of my wings felt as if weights had been glued to each feather.

Travis cursed, throwing his backpack over his shoulder. “Gain altitude!”

"I…I don’t have much in me…"

“I trusted you, damn it!” I felt his hands against my back, steadying me. “Everything you have. We need to be above the skyline!”

"You’ll die…" I whispered, flitting in and out of consciousness. Despite myself, I felt my wings obey, lifting us above the clouds.

My muscles burned, and despite being in the thermal, I felt as if I was falling. My head fell, and even keeping my wings level was too much.

"I’m sorry…"

And I fell.

###

Suddenly, I felt fantastic. I felt the speed against my wings, and I used it to swoop upwards, gaining an even higher altitude with every pump of my wings. Travis grinned, cheering with victory as we soared every higher into the clouds.

“The Revive!” He answered, before I even asked. “Couldn’t cure you, so I had to let you faint. We did it!”

"We’re free?"

Above the clouds, my mind calmed. We had escaped yes, but escaped what? Our home? Our lives? With our last revive gone, we had barely anything to our names. We were wanted criminals with nothing.

“We’re free.”

I turned to see Travis smiling, his eyes closed. His arms caught the breeze, with his fingertips trailing against the clouds. His thighs held against me, the only thing preventing him from careening down to his death.

He felt…nice.

Slowly he opened his eyes, taking in the sights. The city stared up from below, lights winking into existence as the sun grazed the valley and gave way to night.

“Let’s take that trip that you always wanted.” Travis nodded, his eyes at peace.

"Where will we go?"

“South.” He pointed to the left of the setting sun.

I giggled. "I think that’s North."

"Fuck that! Other way, then." He chuckled. I laughed in turn, titling my wings, and taking even further into the skies.

I was scared. I didn’t know where we were going, what we would do, or what the future held for us. Things would be harder now, and I didn’t know how far I could go, or how far I would need to fly.

But he was happy.

And for that, I would fly across the world.

### Chase ---

Slowly, I helped Mabel to her feet. Her normal, boisterous demeanor was replaced by tremors as she stood, dusting herself off. She was coated in leaves that had embedded themselves inside her, some half an inch deep.

“I’ll, um, pay for your…medical…stuff.” Kevin stumbled.

Mabel regained her composure, and narrowed her eyes. “You’re fired.”

Kevin swallowed. “That’s fair.”

“Like hell it is!” I shouted, startling the paramedics as they came through the door. “We defended your practice against-”

“Your defense of my practice destroyed it! Can you afford this building’s insurance premiums?”

I blinked.

“Then you’re fired as well. If see either of you again, I’m calling her specifically!” Mabel pointed to the bewildered police officer as the paramedics carted her away.

Oddly enough, I didn’t feel any different. Stressed, certainly, but not nearly as panicked as I thought I would be. I lost my job, both literally and physically as the building was nearly destroyed, and I was nearly murdered by my high school rival that was still out there probably trying to murder me.

But oddly enough, I felt normal, with a vague craving for Sinnoh food.

I wonder if this is what shock feels like.

Kevin bit his lip, treading on the ground as if it were broken glass. “Hey…thanks for sticking up for me.”

“Thanks for saving my life.”

Around us, the building burned. Another light fixture fell, sending a spray of sparks into the air. We were about ten feet from the door, with the officer yelling at us to get outside. At the time, it registered that she was there, but I couldn’t quite make out her words, or what importance she held.

“My uncle’s a manager at a computer maintenance place.” Kevin muttered, watching his cubicle burn. “I know you’re more software, but hey, everyone needs a website, right?”

“Think he’ll hire me?”

Kevin shrugged. “He offered me a place once, but I was too…”

Part of the ceiling collapsed by us, causing a billow of dust and smoke to cloud the air.

“Dedicated?” I offered.

“…All over the place, I think.” Kevin nodded. “I think I would’ve felt stifled there, you know? Without anyone else to bounce ideas off of. I never could’ve done all that coding myself, but with someone to like, guide me, you know?”

I nodded, feeling an odd kinship with an emotion I had never quite understood. I had never really felt lonely before, or as if I had needed another. I felt content to simply be me, learn all I needed to on my own, and the quiet companionship of my code was all I needed to thrive. Seeing Kevin here sparked something different in me; a realization that perhaps the absence of loneliness wasn’t a feeling felt by all. It would explain his weekly invitations out, talking to me after hours, and keeping track of all the comings and goings in my life. I always considered him a friend, certainly, but…

A friend that didn’t need constant attention.

A friend that I could not see for a year, and catch up with in a day.

Perhaps that concept, that ability to let go, wasn’t a trait that others felt as much. Perhaps that was why Abby felt such a need to visit so often, or why Volt became so sad when I left her with Abby for business trips. To me, I barely felt the time gone, but to others, perhaps…

“MOVE YOUR ASSES!”

I looked up to see the police woman screeching at us, and fire all around the building. The flame neared out feet, and the smoke clouded against the broken, fractured ceiling.

“I’m…feeling Sinnoh. My treat?” I offered.

“Sure!” Kevin nodded, a wide smile.

And we left, just as the building collapsed.

### ooo ---

Postponed. Raincheck. Next week. Tomorrow. Okay, Yeah, tonight.

It had been a crazy week. On Tuesday, I got fired and destroyed my entire work building. On Thursday, I had my first interview at Web Plus, a computer repair place. Morton, Kevin’s uncle, seemed fairly impressed with my skillset, and willingness to man the counter and other odds and ends while he left to repair networks, computers, and other electronics.

On Friday, he called back, wanting a second interview. We discussed salary – less than I was making at Jervus’, but more room for growth, and better benefits – and I accepted.

On Saturday night, after giving Volt a plethora of excuses and pushback, we finally settled on Sunday being our date night. I was still mildly unnerved with the idea, but in the end, I suppose growth doesn’t come from remaining comfortable. I was willing to try something new, with her.

“I’m just sorry I pushed it back so far.”

"I’m not mad." Volt smiled cutely, with her paws in front of her chest. "You had to leave your job thing, and you were super stressed. I mean, I would rather have you when you’re, like, just you, rather than when you’re thinking about a bunch of stuff at once."

I smiled. “Enjoying the stir-fry?”

"Yes~."

Sunday night. After a day of walks in the park and an afternoon at the arcade, we were finally sitting down to the end of the season finale of a show we hadn’t paid attention to since its inception. Merely a distraction; background noise as enjoyed chicken stir-fry with too much soy sauce, and each other.

I knew I loved her, but whether it was platonic or the blossom of romance I wasn’t sure. Feelings like these would develop on their own, I was almost sure, and for now, I was content to let them. A soft Merlot in my hand, coupled with the cuddles and occasional nips from Volt when I stopped petting her – this was heaven.

"Mmmm." Volt purred as I stroked her around her ears. "Do you think Melvin’ll like you?"

“Melvin? You mean Morton, Kevin’s Uncle?”

Volt nodded.

“I think so. We’ll find out tomorrow, but I have a good feeling.”

Volt purred quietly for a moment, then sagged lightly against my chest. "You can go harder, if you want."

It was something she had said a thousand times before, but perhaps I never caught its meaning. I wasn’t naive – I knew that, for a while, she had had feelings for me – but it was the difference between a harder massage, and a rough one. For once, I acknowledged she didn’t mean merely more pressure, and I hesitated.

“S-Sure; I just don’t want to hurt you.”

Volt gave me a smoldering glance. "I’m not fragile."

I obeyed, running my nails against her fur. She groaned as my nails drew circles around her ears, and trailed across her scalp. She loved it, and writhed against my chest as my hands traced down her head.

"Please, more…" She groaned, tugging against my shirt. I continued back up, careful to avoid her neck. I traced my way up and down twice more, stopping just before each time.

Volt’s eyes opened. She tugged one of my hands to her chest, and I could feel her tiny heart pounding. There was so much energy there, and I could feel it; nervous, excited, pulsing.

"You can t-touch my mark, if you want." She panted.

I had never touched it before, knowing its history. The helplessness she felt as those kids held her down, and burned her with the spatula. I don’t think it was malice they felt – they were young, I think, and it was more of a game to them – but the fear that she still felt lingered even now.

She was just beginning to trust humans again; to be able to speak freely with Abby without shaking, and to be able to walk around in public without begging for respite.

Would this set her back? Remind her of the pain that she experienced those years ago?

She gave me a silent nod. I grazed her burn lightly with my thumb, and watched her wince. “Doesn’t that hurt?”

She hissed in affirmation, pressing herself closer to my hand, increasing the pressure.

I widened my grip, closing her entire neck within my hand. She stifled a moan, and I felt her passionate trembles flow from her body into mine.

"D-do you remember the night you fell asleep on the couch?"

“Yes?”

"You held me like this, in your sleep." She squirmed, a faint flush covering her muzzle. "I loved it. I never wanted it to end."

I held her firmly as she moaned with affirmation as I stroked her burn, brushing against her raw flesh with the tips of my fingers. She then pushed my hand away from her, grinding her burn on my hand once more, and jumped onto my chest.

I fell back, laying sideways across the couch, with Volt lying against my chest. I felt her muzzle against my nose, and her small tongue tracing my lips. My hand crept against her back, teasing the base of her tail as her paws explored my chest, and rubbed against my neck.

She gave a startled chirp as my fingers traced up her tail, admiring the change of texture between brown and yellow fur. I felt her breath against my face as she looked up.

"H-humans don’t have tails." She turned and looked at her own, her breath slowing. "I just, I wish mine were smaller."

"I don’t." I smirked, giving her a light tug.

She blushed, giving me a daring grin, before looking back down. "But don’t you want me to be human?"

I watched her body tense as I rubbed the base, just as it connected to her back. I increased my pressure, rubbing against it, and watched her arch her back and squeal.

"I want you to be you." I whispered.

Suddenly, I felt her everywhere. Biting my lip, my ear, nibbling down my neck, while her paws tore off my shirt and flung it beside the sofa. I rubbed the small of her back, pressing her against my chest as our tongues danced, and I felt her trembling breathing against my own.

I rubbed just above her tail, causing tiny, adorable moans of pleasure to escape from her lips, increasing in intensity as I increased the pressure. She grinded against me, her paws balled against my bare chest as her moans began to peak in intensity. Her eyes clenched closed as her head hit my chest, and her legs trembled without her control.

Suddenly, her eyes shot open, and her thighs clenched around my torso. "No! Nonono!"

I recoiled as she grit her teeth, nearly hyperventilating. After a few moments they relaxed, and she collapsed against my chest, breathing heavily.

Every part of her face was red, and she covered her mouth with her paws in horror. For some reason, part of my right leg felt damp. I stared back, still not quite sure of what happened.

“Did…did you just…finish?”

Volt’s eyes glistened, then large tears dribbled down her cheeks. "I, I didn’t mean…!"

I hugged her. I didn’t know what else to do; I was ridiculously inexperienced, and didn’t know if I even had the skill to make someone orgasm, let alone with sheer touch.

“It’s okay-”

"It wasn’t supposed to, I just couldn’t hold it back..." Volt sniffed, her face a guilty red.

“Hey, hey.” I cooed. “It’s alright. You didn’t do anything wrong.”

Lighter this time, I continued stroking the base of her ears. She shivered hesitantly, but allowed it.

"I…um…" Volt wiped her tears, her face still a deep scarlet. "I also m-might’ve peed a little when I came."

Aaand that was what that wet spot was.

I held in my inner grimace, and held her, with a stationary hand on her back. “That’s okay. Most of it got on my jeans anyway. We’ll just grab some paper towels-”

All at once, a memory struck me of cleaning the couch after Volt’s incident the other night, wiping away the urine with my equally beet-red companion as I swore not to recite the tale. Wasn’t that the same night I inadvertently touched her mark in my sleep? The night she ‘never wanted to end’?

She had never wet herself at night before, except for that strange incident. I attributed it to the fermented berries, but they had never had that effect on her before. However, if she leaked when she came…

“When I fell asleep on the couch,” I sat up, a questioning smirk against my face. “Did you…?”

I didn’t think it was possible, but Volt’s face turned an even deeper shade of crimson.

“You’re a little perv!” I laughed, turning around and pinning her to the couch.

"I didn’t mean to!" She struggled, a grin beginning to form from her mortified blush. "It just happened! You, on me, touching me on my m-mark, I just…" Her eyes widened, and her breathing slowed. "It was everything I wanted-"

It was my turn to kiss her. She squirmed with pleasure, even more so when she had no room to maneuver. I gripped her side, and she chirped with pleasure, her tiny frame gripped with once more with her high-pitched moans.

I broke the kiss, and suggested me move to the bedroom, with towels. She agreed enthusiastically. And as it turned out, that was a wise decision.

### ooo---

I won’t bore you with our other first attempts in love; we were inexperienced, and there was more laughter and error than art in our ways. But, as we continued, we learned each other’s bodies, and what we liked, and what we loved. Volt adored being restrained, and I thoroughly enjoyed teasing her, keeping her on her very thin line between desperation and ecstasy.

I can’t pin the moment I knew I loved her romantically; it was a blurred line between our first date, and the eternity afterwards of silly moments and memorable adventures. I never thought I could love another like I did her, but each time she chirped my name, from breathless exhilaration to quiet companionship, I felt my heart yearn to be hers all over again.

And I couldn’t wait for our adventures to come.

*145*2016-07-25 17:22

{{On 7/11/2016 at 0:12 AM, Donuts are omo said:

Great story! The only thing that I think that could use changing is perhaps using a different Pokemon instead becasue pikachu seems to be quite overused, other than that this was great!

}}

Heh! Pikachu has always been one of my favorites, but I feel as if female Pikachu are rarely used, especially with omo.

Though, if female Pikachu are overused in Omorashi, please point me in the direction of those stories... X3

Also, expect an update sometime soon with Josh & friends! :3

