Master and Servant - Page 3

Author: Sunny

*054*2015-01-09 21:38

Thanks guys! Sorry for the long waits, but I should have another update coming up in the next few weeks. Finals and work and everything, so I haven't had much time for writing :(

*057*2015-01-11 06:13

{{: 

If somebody were to make a full length wetting movie out of this, who would you have play hermione?

}}

Oh, let's see...I think Jenna Coleman would do a great Hermione! Not to mention I think she'd be a really cute person to see totally lose it :)

{{: 

Dont think ive ever posted on this website before but I had to remember my login details just to congratulate you. In all my time online I have never come across something so incredibly well written. The story flows so easily and I never hesitate while reading it as the grammar and sentence structure are so good. You really have knack for writing and I think you should definitely pursue this.

Well done again.

}}

Oh my gosh! Thank you so much! I'm so happy you're enjoying the story. I was almost an english lit major but that didn't happen...what did happen though is I became a real stickler for grammar and what have you lol so I guess that works. Thanks for reading and I'm glad you're enjoying it!

*063*2015-03-14 03:37

Sorry for the long time between updates again guys. I'm almost done with the next chapter, its just long xD

I work two jobs and go to school full time so, I can only get in an hour or so of writing every now and then...

BUT I haven't given up on the story and it WILL have another update!

*064*2015-03-14 18:33

### Hey everyone! I got home early today, so I was finally able to finish this chapter up! Thanks for sticking with me, hope you enjoy! ###

Chapter Eight: The Game Levels Up

It was quite awhile, much to Draco's frustrations, before he was able to have a good session with Hermione again. The Triwizard Tournament had begun and the halls were more crowded than ever before. Their entire routine was interrupted by the influx of foreign students. They couldn't meet in the Library because Victor Krum always happened to be in there with some book, the unused classrooms and hidden hallways were often walked into by unsuspecting visitors who didn't know where they led to or what the rooms were for. His only comfort was that Hermione still had her base rule: she could not pee without his permission.

Doing so was quite difficult and at first Draco found it rather annoying. However, he came to realize that despite giving Hermione no formal rules for the day, no potion to make her squirm, no scene to play out, the game was still good to him. Hermione often got herself desperate on juice and water through the day on her own without him having to order her to do so. It gave him quite a nice, unexpected show through the day, watching her fidget. It was like how things were before the game began, except now they both knew the other was watching. It gave Draco a sort of fresh thrill, and if he wasn't mistaken (which he knew he was not) Hermione was rather enjoying it too. She'd wait until she was positively bursting before trying her hardest to seek him out, and often could barely make it to somewhere private enough to pee.

In fact, he mused during Study Hall as he watched the rain pouring outside the window, Hermione was starting to get more comfortable peeing rather publicly. Hogsmade had been rather enlightening. Not only had she wet herself a little in Zonkos (though he was pretty sure that was an accident) to fully wet herself in the Three Broomsticks like that had still been a surprise. Not to mention what happened after still made him hot just to think about...He swallowed slightly at the thought and glanced down at the book he was supposed to be reading. Hermione didn't mind wetting around others as long as it went unnoticed.

He glanced out at the rain again, thoughts drifting. He needed to make that happen. The idea of being near her, being the only person who knew she was wetting her knickers in a crowd made his stomach do back-flips. He glanced over two tables to the left, where Hermione was sitting with her two daft friends. Unlike him, she was actually studying, fully focused on her books and notes. Draco grinned, focusing more on her crossed legs and the hand she was pressing into her girlhood.

Study Hall was dismissed, and Draco watched as she slowly moved out of 'studying mode' to the real world. She rubbed her eyes, shut her book, and seemingly realized she was about to wee herself because she turned quite red and both hands dug into her crotch. She glanced up shyly at her friends, who weren't paying her any mind, and then to Draco. He smirked slowly when their eyes locked.

“Okay there, Granger?” He mouthed. Hermione shook her head subtly, locking one leg over the other to press her hands more firmly between her legs.

“I have to go!” She mouthed back, urgency all over her face. Draco silently chuckled, smirking at her, but didn't give a nod of permission that she was dying for. Urgency immediately flew into desperation and she gave a soft groan.

“What's the matter with you?” Ron asked. Harry frowned, concerned for her. Draco looked away, slowly packing up his things, but listened in.

“Oh...its nothing...my stomach just hurts a bit,” Hermione said, standing slowly. Draco took a quick glance to see her legs and bum quivering.

“Maybe you should go up to the nurse,” Harry suggested.

“I...er...I think I might, yeah...I'll catch up with you guys later,” she said.

“Do you want us to go with you?” Ron asked, but she shook her head.

“No, you guys will be late if you don't head off,” she said. They were hesitant, but eventually left the room with the rest of the class, leaving both her and Draco at the end of the line that was filing out.

“Best be careful,” Draco whispered behind her “your friends might catch on that you need a little relief.” He loved the way she shivered when he started talking, moving back and forth as she put her hands back between her legs. The line was moving slowly toward the door, the sea of students blocking the teacher collecting workbooks, and no one looking behind them to see the two students whispering in the back.

“Draco,” she half whispered, half whined desperately as she turned just slightly so he could hear her speak “I don't...I can't...I have to go right now...!”

“Best wait till we're not in line,” Draco responded.

“After?” she begged.

“Maybe.”

His answer was met with a groan and a beautiful potty dance that ended with her fingers shoved down into her skirt and panties, legs twisted together. Crabbe and Goyle were holding up the line, trying to explain their unfinished workbooks to Professor McGonagall. Hermione gave a small, soft gasp in front of him and quivered.

“I'm...I'm wet...” she whispered breathlessly. Warm pleasure shot up and down his body, giddy she'd just leaked in front of him.

“Bad girl,” he said lowly, glancing quickly around and deeming it safe before he slid his hand under her skirt from behind and cupped the crotch of her wet panties. Hermione covered her mouth, but Draco still heard the tiny, gasping moan she'd muffled. He had to bite his lip against his own noise as her panties suddenly bloomed with wet heat against his hand, liquid dripping through his fingers. She'd lost a big spurt in surprise at his touch, drops of it pattering on the red carpet below them. Draco was immediately hard in his trousers, even more so as Hermione desperately squirmed herself against his hand to stop the flow.

“Don't stop,” he whispered in her ear, making her go still. An uncertain trickle of pee was pooling in his hand. “Go until the line starts moving again.” She shivered, but gave a soft nod, and spread her legs a little bit. Her trickle became a steady stream, coming fast and warm into his cupped hand. Draco was nearly delirious he was so turned on. Above the chatter and giggling at his two minion's idiocy, only he could hear the soft hiss of her pee and its splattering against the carpet. He longed to pull her back against him, put his arm around her and press into her bladder, but it wasn't the time or place. Just as he felt her start to relax, her stream nearly going full, McGonagall had refused Crabbe and Goyle's excuses, gave them a failing grade, and shooed them from the room.

“Stop,” he ordered, pulling his hand away. For split second, her pee splashed freely into the puddle on the carpet, and then she snapped her legs together, bouncing. Light rivers of pee trickled down the back of her thighs, just barely darkening her stockings, and gave Draco a lovely view. His hand was soaking wet, and as much as it pained him, he had to dry it quickly, along with the dark puddle left on the carpet.

“Feeling better?” he asked quietly as the line shuffled forward. He loved how pink in the face Hermione was, breathless as she gave a slight nod.

“I want to let it all out,” she whispered shakily “I still have more left...”

“Soon,” he promised, but left it at that.

He fell back behind her, putting on his most annoyed face as they approached their teacher. Naturally, they received top marks, and they headed their separate ways. They had Herbology after lunch, which Draco skipped in favor of a long, steaming shower in the privacy of an empty dormitory. He was grateful for the pouring rain, long walk to the greenhouses, and the long walk back up. Even better was Hermione, struggling with her bladder in the cold and wet environment. He was betting she was just absolutely dying to let go and pee into her panties, if not for relief then for at least warmth. They had History of Magic next, and with no time to lose between the far apart classrooms, no one stopped to warm up or change as they all headed to the fourth floor.

Professor Binns' room always felt as cold as a winter chill, and a common theory was because he was constantly floating around the room with his ghostly ice body. Even still, though cold himself, Draco was happy to watch Hermione tremble. She was cold, yes, but he alone knew that she was also moments from wetting once again. His heart hammered in his chest. Binns had just moved everyone around because of constant disruptive chatter. Ron and Harry were across the room and the student who sat beside of Hermione had apparently deemed it too cold to come to class. Draco sat directly behind her, both in the back corner of the room. Water puddles were already formed under everyone's chair from their sopping wet robes. There was nothing, absolutely nothing, stopping Draco from finally getting to see Hermione lose her bladder in the middle of a class.

He watched her as Binns droned on and on about Goblin Wars and Medieval witch trials, far more intrigued by her movements than his lesson. She sat left, then right. Crossed her legs, bounced her knees. Uncrossed her legs, shoved her hand there, and recrossed them as she rocked back and forth. She wasn't even taking notes, not paying the slightest attention. She finally sat still, just shaking with desperation. She watched Binns for a moment, then he watched her glance around the classroom before she turned around to face him. Her expression was fierce, wild and red with the severity of her need. She didn't care, honestly not even slightly, where they were. She at least had the thought enough to whisper.

“Master, I have to pee...please...please let me go pee right now,” she begged quietly. It was like the long shower hadn't even happened, Draco was so hard at her long drawn whisper of need.

“Do you want to raise your hand and ask to go to the toilet?” he whispered back, smiling. She shook her head, and then looked around the room again, praying no one was paying attention.

“Please...I'll wee all over if I stand up...everyone will see....” she begged, fingers curling tightly into her crotch as she looked at him, “It's about to come out right now...”

“Then you better make sure no one spots you wetting your knickers,” he grinned, giving a nod of permission. The relief on her face was priceless and she quickly turned around to face the front of the class again. She picked up her quill and looked down at her paper, the pen moving in her hand as though she were taking notes. Draco was practically vibrating he was so giddy. She looked so focused on the class, but he saw her subtle movements. She scooted to the very edge of her chair and spread her legs ever so slightly, and then her whole body relaxed.

Even her quill stopped moving as a stream of liquid poured over the edge of her chair. Her urine splashed into the water pool collected from her cloak and uniform under her, but only Draco was near enough and paying any attention to hear it. Hermione relieved herself for well over a minute, her puddle under her chair tripling in size. Draco was having trouble keeping his breathing quite as she finished up, and he heard her sigh contentedly when she was done.

Hermione took a few moments of sitting her chair, lazy in a haze of such relief, but then sat up and resumed taking real notes. None of their classmates had noticed a single thing and Hermione was flawlessly acting like she hadn't just pissed herself in the middle of a lecture. Draco, on the other hand, decided to take full advantage of his classmates' ignorance and slid his hand into his pants. By the end of the lecture, Hermione wasn't the only one sitting in a haze of relief. He cleaned himself up quickly and silently when the bell rang, though he knew Hermione saw him casting spells. He caught the raised eyebrow and small smirk. For the first time, he was a little embarrassed, and just a touch pink in letting it show, but flashed a quick, impish grin in her direction. He hadn't really cared that she knew what he'd done, knowing that she understood the fetish they shared.

Everyone rushed to get out of the classroom and into somewhere warmer. Draco was walking back behind Hermione and her two friends. As they passed the library she announced that she needed to check something and she'd catch them later. Hermione disappeared through the doors and Draco shoved passed Potter and Weasley with a few choice words. He was almost to the dungeon when he doubled back through a secret passage and walked into the library himself. With such an impromptu visit, Krum wasn't there to read beside their usual table, and slid into his seat opposite her as she read her book.

“How are you?” he asked knowingly. She smirked over the edge of her book.

“Relieved,” she answered, “you?”

“Same.”

They both bit their lips against giggles and Hermione hid in her book. Draco immediately thought it was the most endearing and adorable thing he'd ever seen, his stomach flipping and warming in a completely different way than it had in the classroom. He didn't care.

“You uh...did a good job in there,” he said, “you didn't seem nervous at all.”

“I wasn't,” she answered, “I was about to pee either way, I knew I was going to go in class.”

“Have you ever...done it in class before?” he asked curiously. He caught her blush as she glanced over the book at him, and then back down.

“Once.”

And he'd missed it!?

“Really?” he asked with interest, “When?”

“Third year,” she answered. She was a bit embarrassed, it seemed, but the smirk playing on her lips when she saw how interested Draco was lingered. She was dragging it.

“Hermione,” he said pressingly.

“Yes?” she answered with an innocent smile.

“Third year? Where, which class?”

“You weren't in it.”

“Obviously!”

She laughed, lowering the book. He was practically pouting.

“Okay alright,” she relented, “It was in Divination and I had been running late around my classes. I hadn't gone all day and I was bursting. I'd been planning on hiding in a corridor before class, but I wouldn't have the time so I just went straight to her tower. We all had to sit on this big, puffy cushions...I didn't make it through the first ten minutes. Soaked the whole pillow straight through, but no one noticed.”

“I want the memory,” he said.

“You'll have to earn it,” she smirked.

“Um, excuse me, but I own you,” he said in a matter of fact tone, sitting back in his chair. She assumed the same position.

“Excuse you, but you do not,” she said with a smirk, “At this point, I'm an even player. I like the game, Draco, I'm not going to stop because I'm scared you'll leak my secrets to the school. If you do that, we won't play anymore and you don't want to stop anymore than I do.”

Well, fuck. Draco scowled darkly. He liked having control over her, it was part of the excitement. She was right about everything she'd said though, and it frustrated him.

“So? What do you want, then?” he asked, “and if you say a relationship, Merlin help me.”

“God no,” Hermione said, looking offended. He was surprised to find himself a little bit wounded.

“Look,” she continued, “I'm not changing the game. I like you bossing me around and telling me when and where to wee.”

“Then why bring it up?” he snapped.

“Because I want to be able to make some suggestions,” she said, “I have fantasies too, you know. I want to experiment a little more. I just want to make sure you're on the same page with me.”

Draco was a little surprised to hear it, but nodded.

“What did you have in mind?” he asked, interested and still working to brush off the egotistical wound she'd given him with her quick dismissal. Not that he cared. She was a mudblood and gross. He didn't care at all.

“Well...I liked it when you were...touching me. You know, when I was erm...peeing in study hall,” she said, turning a bit pink as she spoke. He smirked.

“Anything else?” he asked. She nodded, but was quiet for a minute or two.

“Go on,” he pressed.

“I don't get punished very often,” she mused softly, “I was always too scared you might expose me to break any rules, but...if we're on the same page, and I know you won't do that to me...I might like it.”

He raised an eyebrow. Be cool Draco.

“You want me to punish you?” he asked lowly, loving the way she blushed.

“Yes, I do,” she answered, her chocolate eyes locking with his. He swallowed.

“Any uh...any limits?”

“Well...no...no erm...intercourse, as a punishment.”

“I'm a lot of things, but a rapist isn't one of them Hermione Granger,” he said seriously. She looked relieved and honestly that made him question his personality traits if she thought him capable.

“Okay,” she continued, “I don't mind you...touching me. Or...looking at me. Or making me do anything to you.”

“What about something like...being tied up?” he questioned. Her eyes widened and she shifted in her seat.

“I don't mind it,” she said quickly. He smirked.

“Being spanked?”

“I don't mind that either.”

“Kinky, aren't you?”

“Shut your mouth, Malfoy!”

He chuckled, crossing his arms with a little smirk. So, someone wanted to be a naughty witch? He could handle that. He gave little nod.

“I agree,” he said “just keep the safeword in mind and we'll go from there.” Hermione smiled and nodded as well, going back to her book. That was his cue to leave, so he packed up and headed off with a bit of a spring in his step. Blackmail was off the table, but that was fine. She was a willing partner and from the sound of it, things were just about to get interesting.

