Celebi's incident at the mall

Author: Lugia

*000*2014-09-20 06:04

Authors note: This my first time writing a fanfiction like this so I can't say for sure whether you'll like it or not but I put what is likely hours into this, I have re-read parts of it multiple times changing details over and over until they seemed 'right'. But anyway let's just get on with the story.

______

Celebi was spending her day at the mall but she had no idea about what was going to happen to her.

"What a good day this has been." she said as she finished her 1.5 liter bottle of strawberry flavored water.

She had already had 2 other 1.5 liter bottles of water beforehand but she liked the flavor so much she couldn't help herself. As she threw away the empty bottle she felt a small twinge in her bladder but ignored it.

A half-hour later while she was looking around inside a bookstore she felt another more powerful urge hit her bladder as all that water she drank finally caught up to her.

"Oh, I have to go. Well it's not that bad yet, I just have to find a bathroom and I'll be fine." she said as she set off in search of a bathroom.

She searched around the whole store but couldn't find a bathroom anywhere. After a few minutes of searching another wave surged through her bladder as the pressure increased.

I'm not going to last if I can't find a bathroom. she thought to herself as she decided to search outside the store. She had started fidgeting a little at this point but it was not noticeable.

She looked all over the nearby areas of the mall but to no avail. As she looked she started becoming more desperate and began fidgeting more then she did before. After fifteen minutes of searching she decided to look in other areas of the mall.

I just have to hold it in a little longer she thought as she continued her search. By this point she would have to stop and grab herself from time to time in order to stay in control but she was discreet about it.

During her search she would stop and ask people if they knew where she could find a bathroom but they were unable to help.

By the time she was halfway across the mall she was visibly desperate and there was no doubt that her bladder was full. Her legs were crossed and her hands were pressed against her pee hole as she continued to hold it in.

Oh.... I don't know how much longer I can hold it. she thought as another wave of desperation ran through her bladder causing her to bend forward momentarily.

Just as she thought she was never going to find a bathroom she saw a sign pointing to where one was.

"Finally!" she said with joy as she ran to where the sign was pointing.

However when she reached the bathroom she saw a sign on the door that said 'Out of order'.

"WHAT?! I can't believe this, I finally found a bathroom and I can't even use it." she said in disbelief. Then she heard a sudden hissing noise and looked down to see that a small puddle had formed around her.

The shock from seeing that the bathroom was unusable right after she thought that she would finally be able to relieve herself caused her to wet a little, but she was able to quickly stop the flow. Although some urine had been released from her bladder it brought her no relief because her bladder was still very full.

She knew she couldn't hold it long enough to find another bathroom so she headed back out to the area she was in before with the hope that she would be able to think of something.

"What am I going to do?" she asked herself as she felt another painful spasm "I don't think I can hold it in much longer."

By this point she was at her limit and the only thing she could think about was the fact that she really needed to go. She no longer cared whether she was in a bathroom or not as long as she could relieve herself.

If only I could find a place where no one can see me. she thought as she looked around for a place where she could go. Suddenly she saw a row of fake bushes lined up against a wall with no one near them. That will work perfectly! she thought with joy as she ran towards the line of fake bushes.

She waited until no one was looking and then ducked into the space between the wall and bushes. She peeked out from her hiding place to take one last look around to make sure no one was there. Once she confirmed that she was alone she positioned herself in a good spot then squatted down and started peeing.

"Ahhhh that feels so much better." she said sighing in relief as she finally released all of her pent-up liquid from her body. She spent over a minute emptying her bladder before the stream died down into a trickle and then stopped entirely.

Once she finished she peeked out from behind her hiding place again to make sure that no one was near the line of bushes and that no one was looking in that direction so that when she came out no one would suspect a thing. Once she determined that the coast was clear she stepped out from behind the bushes.

"I'm glad that's over with" she said, grateful that she no longer had to worry about having a full bladder.

And with that Celebi went back to enjoying her day at the mall.

Please let me know what you think. Like I said this is my first time doing something like.

And about the ending, I actually had some other ideas for how the story would end but ultimately went with the bushes. However I am willing to post the scrapped endings as alternate endings if anyone is interested. Just ask.

*001*2014-09-20 17:00

Update: I'm currently writing the alternate endings. There are 2 with a situation similar to the one in the original ending, 1 (or maybe 2) where she wets herself, 2 involving the 'out of order' bathroom, 1 where she successfully finds a working bathroom, and a mystery one (a mystery to you that is). Whether I post any of these or not is up to you. And if I do post them then what order I post them in will also be up to you but the mystery ending will be last. Again: I will only post them if there is a demand for it. I may decide to post one anyway though.

*003*2014-09-20 17:30

But by showing the other endings first that would make it seam more special. And besides what fun would it be if I showed it first? Also I haven't gotten it written yet.

*004*2014-09-20 19:45

Okay I'm going to post the first of the alternate endings.

The shock from seeing that the bathroom was unusable right after she thought that she would finally be able to relieve herself caused her to wet a little, but she was able to quickly stop the flow. The urine that had been released from her bladder caused enough relief that she would be able to continue her search although she was still very desperate

I'll be able to hold it in she thought as she continued her search.

After searching for what seemed like forever she finally found a working bathroom, and not a moment too soon as her bladder was completely full again.

Oh thank Arceus she thought as she ran inside.

The bathroom was completely empty which meant she wouldn't have to wait for a stall to open up. After she felt another wave of desperation she ran into the nearest stall then sat down and let her bladder go as she sighed in relief. Once she was finished she flushed the toilet, washed her hands, and exited the bathroom.

"I'm glad that's over with" she said, grateful that she no longer had to worry about having a full bladder.

And with that Celebi went back to enjoying her day at the mall.

*005*2014-09-21 21:42

Here's the second alternate ending

The shock from seeing that the bathroom was unusable right after she thought that she would finally be able to relieve herself caused her to wet a little, but she was able to quickly stop the flow. The urine that had been released from her bladder caused enough relief that she would be able to continue her search although she was still very desperate.

She searched through several other areas but was unable to find a working bathroom. The next area she went to was completely empty, there weren't any people or stores.

"Why is it so empty here?" she asked herself, but she didn't really care because of how badly she needed to pee.

She was about to go to another area to continue her search when another wave of desperation hit her. She reached her limit as she realized that her bladder was completely full.

"I can't hold it anymore. I have to find a place to go right now!" she said.

She looked around the area for a place to hide herself while she went but couldn't find anything. Knowing that she could lose control any minute she just gave up completely.

"I can't believe I'm about to do this, but I don't have any other choice" she said.

After that she hesitantly began wetting herself. Pee ran down her legs and onto the floor as she finally let it escape her body. It was almost a minute before her bladder was completely empty.

"That was the most embarrassing thing I've ever had to do. But I had no other choice" she said glad she was finally relieved of her swollen bladder.

She went to clean herself off before going to enjoy the rest of her day.

*007*2014-09-21 23:55

{{

Very nice read. I'd love to hear more pokemon wetting stories like this one. Maybe after you write the other endings, you could do one with Gardevoir or Lopunny (*wink wink*).

}}

Any particular situation you want to see?

*009*2014-09-22 00:05

{{ 

I do have one idea... Maybe during a pokemon battle, one of the two grows extremely desperate to pee, and mid-fight, the opponent uses hypnosis, causing the desperate pokemon to fall asleep, leading to the inevitable. It is your story though, so you do whatever you want with it ;)

}}

I'll do that for Lopunny, as for Gardevoir.... I got something good in mind for her. By the way guys, I think two of the alternate endings came from a screwed up part of my mind so yeah.

*011*2014-09-22 01:09

Here's the third alternate ending

The shock from seeing that the bathroom was unusable right after she thought that she would finally be able to relieve herself caused her to wet a little, but she was able to quickly stop the flow. The small amount of urine that escaped her body had brought some relief but she knew that she wouldn't last much longer if she couldn't find a working bathroom.

She decided to head down to the nearby food court to see if there was a working bathroom there. When she got there however she quickly learned that there was no bathroom there.

"Oh great, now what am I going to do?" she asked herself. "Maybe I could go in an empty cup, there's bound to be one in a trash can somewhere" she said as she made her decision.

However just as she was about to start looking for an empty cup another painful wave of desperation shot through her bladder and she knew she didn't have enough time to look.

"Oh no. I don't think I can hold it in much longer" she said knowing that she was close to wetting herself.

Just then she saw a couple leaving their table as they finished and they left a large cup behind. After she realized they weren't coming back for it she ran to the table as fast as she could. Once she got there she took the straw out of the cup and took the lid off to see if it was empty and to her delight it was, there wasn't even any ice.

"Oh thank goodness! Now I just need somewhere to hide while I pee in it" lucky for her the table had a tablecloth on it that was long enough so that if anyone was underneath the table they wouldn't be seen. So she decided to go there.

She checked to make sure no one was heading towards the table and then got under it. She positioned herself over the cup and started peeing in it, sighing in relief as she emptied her bladder. Once she finished she looked into the cup and saw that it was filled almost to the rim.

"Wow. Maybe I shouldn't drink that much water next time" she said, surprised at how much pee she had in her. "I better find someplace to dump this out at" she put the lid back on the cup and put the straw in so everyone would think it was just a drink.

She got out from under the table and set off to find somewhere she could pour her pee out of the cup at. She knew there wasn't anyplace in the food court or any of the other areas she had already been to so she decided to search elsewhere. In the second area she went to she found a bathroom she could empty her cup in.

Ugh, where was this bathroom earlier when I needed it? she wondered in annoyance. Oh well, at least I can empty this cup out

She took her cup into the bathroom and went into one of the stalls. She proceeded to pour her pee out of the cup and into the toilet. Once the cup was empty she flushed the toilet, exited the bathroom, and threw the cup into the nearest trash can.

"I'm glad that's over with" she said, grateful that she no longer had to worry about having a full bladder.

And with that Celebi went back to enjoying her day at the mall.

*012*2014-09-22 17:37

Alternate ending #4

The shock from seeing that the bathroom was unusable right after she thought that she would finally be able to relieve herself caused her to wet a little, but she was able to quickly stop the flow. Although some urine had been released from her bladder it brought her no relief because her bladder was still very full. Just then another painful spasm ran down her bladder.

"Oh, I can't hold it any longer!" she decided to see if the bathroom door was unlocked, and for some reason it was.

She ran inside and was glad to see no one was in there. She saw that the stall doors had been taken off and that the toilets were having their water tanks repaired which is why the bathroom was out of order. Lucky for her one of the toilets had already finished being repaired.

"Oh thank goodness, I was worried there for a second" she quickly ran to the and sat down.

She then quickly relaxed as she let all the urine she had been holding in escape her body. She sighed in relief as her bladder was finally being emptied. Once she finished she flushed the toilet and washed her hands before hurrying out to avoid getting in trouble.

"I'm glad that's over with" she said, grateful that she no longer had to worry about having a full bladder.

And with that Celebi went back to enjoying her day at the mall.

*013*2014-09-22 17:55

Alternate ending #5

The shock from seeing that the bathroom was unusable right after she thought that she would finally be able to relieve herself caused her to wet a little, but she was able to quickly stop the flow. Although some urine had been released from her bladder it brought her no relief because her bladder was still very full. Just then another painful spasm ran down her bladder.

"Oh, I can't hold it any longer!" she decided to see if the bathroom door was unlocked, and for some reason it was.

She ran inside and was glad to see no one was in there. She saw that the stall doors had been taken off and that the toilets were having their water tanks repaired which is why the bathroom was out of order. And unfortunately none of the toilets had been repaired yet.

"Oh no. What am I going to do?" she asked herself.

She knew it wouldn't be long until the floodgates opened so she had to think of something fast. It was then that she noticed that the sinks were in perfect condition and most likely worked.

"I'm just going to have to go in the sink" she got on top of the counter where the sinks were and squatted over the nearest one. She then started emptying her bladder into the sink sighing in relief as her pee flowed out of her in a steady stream eventually turning into a trickle as she finished.

After her bladder was empty she turned on the faucet to rinse out the lingering urine left in the sink and washed her hands afterward. She then hurried out of the bathroom so that she wouldn't risk getting in trouble.

"I'm glad that's over with" she said, grateful that she no longer had to worry about having a full bladder.

And with that Celebi went back to enjoying her day at the mall.

*014*2014-09-22 19:06

Alternate ending #6

The shock from seeing that the bathroom was unusable right after she thought that she would finally be able to relieve herself caused her to wet a little, but she was able to quickly stop the flow. The urine that had been released from her bladder caused enough relief that she would be able to continue her search although she was still very desperate.

She searched through several other areas but was unable to find a working bathroom. As she was travelling to next part of the mall she came across a water fountain. She looked away from it so it wouldn't make her need any worse but that plan failed because she could still hear the sound of the water.

"I can hold it in, I know I can" she said to herself. It was then that she felt another wave of desperation. She tried to stay in control but her efforts ended in failure and the floodgates opened.

"No..." she just stood there sobbing as her bladder emptied itself. The warm yellow liquid flowed through the gaps between her fingers then streamed down her legs and feet creating a puddle as she soaked herself. It was was a minute before the stream finally stopped then, still sobbing, she went off to clean herself up.

"I can't believe I wet myself, this is the most embarrassing thing that has ever happened to me" she said as she started crying.

She was just glad there was no one around to see her wet herself.

*015*2014-09-22 19:34

Authors note: These last two endings are the ones I think came from a screwed up part of my mind.

_____

Alternate ending #7

The shock from seeing that the bathroom was unusable right after she thought that she would finally be able to relieve herself caused her to wet a little, but she was able to quickly stop the flow. The urine that had been released from her bladder caused enough relief that she would be able to continue her search although she was still very desperate.

She searched through several other areas but was unable to find a working bathroom. As she was travelling to next part of the mall she came across a water fountain. She looked away from it so it wouldn't make her need any worse but that plan failed because she could still hear the sound of the water. It was at that point that she reached her limit.

"Oh... I need to find somewhere to go. NOW!" she looked around for someplace where she could go but could only think of one thing. "It looks like I don't have a choice"

She looked around to make sure no one was in the area and that no one was heading towards it. After she made sure there wasn't anyone around she stepped into the fountain's water. Once she found the drain that kept the fountain from overflowing she squatted down and relaxed.

"Oh, that feels so good" she said as her pee poured out of her bladder and into the fountain water below before disappearing into the fountain's drain.

She spent a whole minute emptying her bladder before the stream died down into a trickle and then stopped. When she finished she stepped back out of the water and shook her feet dry.

"I'm glad that's over with" she said, grateful that she no longer had to worry about having a full bladder.

And with that Celebi went back to enjoying her day at the mall.

*016*2014-09-23 05:04

Here's the mystery alterenate (it's a mystery because I didn't give any information on it) In this ending Celebi's desperation gets the better of her in the biggest way possible.

_______

The shock from seeing that the bathroom was unusable right after she thought that she would finally be able to relieve herself caused her to wet a little, but she was able to quickly stop the flow. The urine that had been released from her bladder caused enough relief that she would be able to continue her search although she was still very desperate

I'll be able to hold it in she thought as she continued her search.

After searching for what seemed like forever her bladder was completely full again and she was still unable to find a bathroom. She was at her limit and had no Idea how much longer she would be able to hold it.

What am I going to do? I don't think I'm going to last much longer she thought. Just then she noticed a store that sold things like clothes, cooking supplies, and other stuff.

Seeing that store gave her an idea but she was very hesitant about it. Another painfull spasm that shot through her bladder convinced her to go through with it. She did her best to hide her desperation and with some difficulty was able to.

She walked into the store and started looking around until she found the correct area and grabbed what she was looking for. She took it up to the checkout and purchased it.

After she left the store she was unable to continue hiding her desperation and was forced to continue keeping her legs crossed and holding her hands against her pee hole so she could stay in control. She looked around for an area that was far enough away from everyone else that she could have some privacy.

Over there should work she thought as she found an area with no one around.

There wasn't anywhere in the area where she could hide herself so no one could see her but she was able to hide well enough that no one could tell what she was doing as long as she was sitting on the floor.

"Alright then" she said as she pulled the bag out in front of her. There was a total of three items in the bag, they were: powder, wipes, and a pack of diapers.

"Here we go" she said as she pulled one of the diapers out of the pack and reluctantly put it on.

As soon as the diaper was on she relaxed and began to pee into it sighing in relief as her bladder was finally being emptied and its contents absorbed into the diaper. After around 2 minutes she had finished. She took the diaper off and threw it in the trash can that was sitting next to her. She then used the powder and wipes to clean herself up.

"That feels so much better. But that sure was embarrassing, I'm just glad no one saw me using a diaper" she said to herself glad that she had finally been able to empty her bladder.

And so Celebi went off to enjoy the rest of her day. And from that day on she carried those 3 items with her so that in the rare event that she had no choice but to use them she would be able to.

*018*2014-09-23 19:21

{{ 

Very creative ending ^_^ I like it.

}}

Thanks. And I finished the story about Gardevoir.

*019*2014-09-24 05:27

I drew this to go along with the last ending.

*021*2014-09-24 23:27

{{ 

Pretty good picture. If you want my honest opinion, I'd suggest adding joints to a character's limbs, that way they look better and more detailed ;)

}}

I'll keep that in mind.

