Taking out the trash (based on a true story)

Author: idc37

*000*2015-01-16 15:44

It was the end of the september. One of those indian summer nights where the evening themperature did not drop below 18°.

I had a late night dinner meeting with some collegues from work. After the meeting was over we went to a bar in the middle of town and when we noticed it was past midnight we decided to head home.

Beeing thursday evening we had still one day of work to go before we could we could start the weekend. That morning i had promised a collegue to pick up a collegue and drop him off home, so he could have a drink more and it was on my route home.

Driving in the car we talked a little about work and about the summer outfits some of our female collegues were still wearing in september. We both got a smile thinking about it. I parked near his street. His street was a no trafic street, so he had to walk from there. He lived in a part of town where a lot of students had their rooms/appartments because the university was on walking distance from this neighborhood.

"see you tommorow"

"greetings at home" I replied.

He had closed the cardoor and headed off to his street. within 2 minutes he was out of sight. I took my phone from my pocket, checked my text messages, facebook and sent a text to my wife I would be home in half an hour. Then I looked up my home adress in my gps to get the quickes way home, because i didn't know this part of town.

Just when I was going to start my car again, i noticed 3 girls walking towards my car on the pavement. One in worn out jeans shorts and flashy green top, one in a flowery dress and the other one had on a white skirt and greyish buttoned shirt. They were all smiling a lot and gigling. I was guessing they were on their way home from a party. Most students here party on thursday evening because friday evening they go home for the weekend.

They stopped at the back of my car. The girl in the white skirt kissed the other 2 goodnight. The other 2 girls walked further down the street when the girl in the white dress was opening her handbag. She did some messing around in the purse until she finally found her key. I noticed in my rearview mirror she had crossed her leggs. I smilled to myself, thinking she had one drink to many and really needed to get into her house to answer natures call.

All of a sudden, she put her handbag on the doorstep and put one hand in between her leggs while she was trying to open the door of the house she was living in during her university life. The door opened, she picked up her purse and headed inside. "I hope she makes it in time" crossed my mind. Seconds later, the door opened again. There she was again with a huge trashcan in her hands. I had already noticed all the trashcans in the street, so city guys would be picking it up in the morning I assumed.

She put down the trashcan on the side of the street next to the back of my car. Then i noticed she was holding on to it, and she didn't move anymore. In my rear view mirror first I saw little droplets of water on the pavement, then a little wet patch that was getting bigger and bigger by the second. Oh no, she didn't make it afterall. I was keeping myself motionless in my car, so she didn't see me. Wouldn't wanna make the girl be ashamed of herself over the fact she just had lost control of her bladder.

She let go of the handles on the trashcan and stepped asside looking at her wet puddle on the street. Meanwhile she lifted up her skirt on the side and i saw her taking her white wet panties down.

They dropped on the floor with a splash. She bent over to pick them up right in front of my mirror. That was not the kind of skirt you bend over in. I noticed the bikini tann lines on her pretty behind.

She folded the panties so she had still some dry parts on the outside, and wiped the few leftover droplets on her leggs. Then she turned around, bent her knees, looked directly at me in my mirror and then she blowed me a hand kiss. She turned around again and hopped in the front door she had left open.

I was startled. she had seen me sitting in my car all that time? she knew i was watching? This was not an accident, she knew what she was doing! So should i feel guilty now for enjoying this late night show or was this a girl that liked beeing desperate around people... What if I parked here again next week... should I...

###

I hope you had fun reading!

The part of the girl taking out the trash and wetting her panties was real.

I asked an online girlfriend of mine to wet her panties a little when she was coming home again from a party with her friends.

Unfortunatly I wasn't there to see it happen, she told me afterwards she had taken my dare to wet herself in the street while taking out the trash.

The rest was my inmagination, but she liked the parts i added... I hope you do too...

*003*2015-01-18 07:49

Tnx!

