Pokemon Gym Leaders Omorashi

Author: Birdschach

*000*2015-04-17 18:14

There were three things Skyla loved most in the world; Pokémon battles, her Pokémon, and above all else, flying the skies of Unova. And what was today but a perfect day for a flight? The skies were clear, the wind was calm, and the sun was shining bright.

Luckily, Skyla had just gotten a cargo delivery order, and would get to enjoy the fantastic weather as she flew to Nimbasa city to deliver some electronics needed in her friend Elesa's gym. Not only would she get to fly, but in the downtime while the plane was checked over and unloaded, she'd get to spend some time with Elesa!

It seemed like today was going to be a great day. She hurriedly changed into her (very non-regulation) sky-blue flight suit, and in her rush forced one of her buckles to close, rather than gently securing it. Feeling a slight pressure in her bladder, as she had just recently woken up and had not yet relieved herself.

As she checked herself in the mirror, admiring the way the flightsuit hugged her body, she considered taking the shorts off and using the toilet...but no! It was a pain to get on, and her pre-flight checklist was starting soon! Skyla hurried to the hangar, eager to start her flight, and to see her friend, pushing the minor discomfort in her bladder out of her mind.

~

After the long and dull process of checking the plane's fuel levels, and insuring safety features were functioning properly, Skyla was finally prepared to begin her flight! While she didn't enjoy the pre-flight checklist, the boredom was always tempered by the inevitable thrill she'd feel once she was airborne. As the plane was taxied to the runway, Skyla felt her heart begin to soar. Sure, a cargo delivery wasn't as fun as flying with her Pokémon, but it was a close second that brought in some income.

Skyla powered up the jet's turbines, finally ready to take to the skies of Unova. While it should have been a short flight from Mistralton City to Nimbasa City, Skyla had bumped up the estimated arrival time a bit, giving her some time to really enjoy the flight. Usually, the Mistralton Cargo Service lived by the slogan “Quick and Safe!”, but since this delivery was more personal than usual, Skyla decided she'd take it slow, and really enjoy herself. During the turbulent process of take-off, however, it dawned on her that skipping the toilet might have been a bigger problem than expected. Every time the plane bumped, she felt the pressure in her bladder spike, feeling the piss inside of her fighting to burst out with every jostle of the jet. Skyla wasn't going to let her need ruin her fun though! She crossed her legs tightly, gritted her teeth, and focused on the flight.

~

Once the plane was above the choppy winds of the lower altitudes, and in the calmer upper air, Skyla could finally relax. While her bladder was still very full, it was much more manageable now that the ride had smoothed out. She smiled to herself as she guided the plane towards Nimbasa City. While she definitely wanted to enjoy herself as long as possible, it wouldn't hurt for her to be near the city. Especially if her predicament worsened! If she arrived before she was expected, Elesa would likely be busy with either her modeling, or her gym leader duties, and Skyla could easily slip off to the bathroom without wasting any of the time they'd spend together! With how rarely the two got to see each other because of their busy lives, Skyla couldn't bare to waste a moment she could be spending with her friend.

~

I can't handle much more of this... Skyla thought to herself, as she turned the jet towards the landing strip at Nimbasa City. She had been flying for a while, and though she wanted to spend more time up in the air, Skyla knew she'd be pushing her limit if she didn't land as soon as possible and make her way to a bathroom to relieve herself. The pressure in her abdomen was slowly developing into pain, as she became more and more desperate for relief.

She crossed her legs, and began bouncing up and down as she tried to get the feelings of desperation to stop, at least long enough for her to land and make it to a bathroom. Her landing was even more turbulent than take-off, however, and Skyla was hard pressed to contain herself. As the plane bounced and shook, Skyla had to take one hand off the controls, and press between her legs to hold it in. As her descent finally came to an end, the huge jostle as the plane touched down was too much, and Skyla let out a desperate squeak as she leaked slightly, though she managed to stop before she completely lost all control.

As Skyla unbuckled the belts securing her to the seat, she checked her sky-blue shorts, to see if her leak was noticeable. Luckily, it didn't appear to have gotten through her underwear, and she breathed a sigh of relief. Having landed, and with the slight relief from her slight accident, Skyla felt as though she could make it to the bathroom without further incident. She disembarked from the plane, heading towards the bathrooms at the back of Elesa's gym, and thought to herself Well, since I'm a bit early, there's no chance Elesa will be ready to spend time together. Looks like I got off lucky today! But just as she approached the gym, she heard a familiar voice ring out.

“Skyla! You made it her early! That's not like you at all.” Elesa said, with a laugh. “I know you like to relax and take your time while you fly here. I was just coming to the runway to wait for your arrival, but I guess we can start hanging out now.”

Skyla's heart sank, she didn't want to waste any time that she could spend with Elesa. She smiled happily, though, deciding she could easily fight off her bladder if it meant spending time with her best friend! “I know, and I had a wonderful time flying today, but I decided to surprise you and drop by early! Do you have any plans for us today?”

“I thought we'd just have lunch at my place, it's nearby and all, so we wouldn't have to worry about getting you back late after my equipment is unloaded. Thanks for the delivery, by the way!” Elesa said, beginning to walk towards her apartment, which she had built into the back of her gym.

“I should thank you for giving me a chance to fly over here!” Skyla said, followed by a giggle. “You know how much I love to fly, and it's been far too long since we've seen each other!” It was difficult for Skyla to keep her bladder under control as she followed Elesa, especially with the added difficulty of keeping her situation secret. Being behind Elesa helped a lot, as the slight stagger during especially intense shots of desperation could be hidden easily, and she could keep a hand gently pressing between her legs for further support.

~

Elesa and Skyla continued their conversation, until they finally reached Elesa's apartment. By now, it was taking all of Skyla's strength to keep from losing control of her bladder, and wetting herself. As such, their conversation had tapered off somewhat awkwardly soon after they were in the apartment.

“Are you okay, Skyla?” Elesa asked, placing a friendly hand on her shoulder. “There seems to be something bothering you.”

“N-no, Elesa, there's nothing wrong. Just a bit tired after the flight...” Skyla said, hoping Elesa wouldn't see through her thin excuse. She glanced at the bathroom in the apartment, wondering if she should just go ahead and excuse herself. Surely Elesa wouldn't mind a small interruption. “Actually, do you think I could use your bathroom? The flight was a bit longer than I...” Skyla's words froze in her throat, and she was capable of nothing more than a squeak, as the worst twinge of pain yet rocked through her. A short spurt of piss shot out of her, wetting the crotch of her shorts. She managed to regain control, though only barely. “Longer than I thought!” she blurted out, heading towards the bathroom.

Elesa seemed stunned by seeing her friend nearly wet herself, but after a moment said “Yes, of course! Let me know if you need anything!” Skyla rushed to the bathroom, both hands between her legs as she tried to control herself. Safely in the bathroom, she breathed a sigh of relief, and began unbuckling the shorts from her flight suit. The first buckle undid easily, and Skyla thought Yes, I'm going to make it! The small spurt from earlier is visible, but it'll clean up easily! I made it after all! But just as she reached her absolute limit, she tried to open the second buckle. It wouldn't budge. It was still stuck from her impatience earlier, when she had forced it closed rather than properly connecting it. She quickly tried yanking her shorts down, to see if she could just get them off far enough, but it was no use. One side came down slightly, exposing her thigh and buttock, but she hadn't cleared enough room, as she doubled over in pain.

“No!” she shouted, and moaned in despair as her bladder finally overpowered her. Her hot piss shot out of her, soaking her shorts and turning the crotch and seat a much darker blue, then rushed down her legs and hissed loudly. She collapsed onto the toilet, stabilizing herself with a hand on the wall, and feeling the cold seat through her wet shorts, continuing to piss all the while. Finally, after her piss puddled on the floor below her and the toilet, Skyla was empty. The relief she felt was incredible, eclipsed only be the shame that she had pissed herself in her best friend's bathroom, and made quite a mess of herself and the floor.

As she sat panting on the toilet, and felt tears well up in her eyes, she heard a knock at the door. “Skyla?” Elesa asked. “Are you okay? I heard you shout 'No!', and then nothing after.”

“N-no, Elesa! I...I didn't make it. I've ruined your bathroom, my clothes are soaked through...I'm awful!” Skyla said, beginning to sob.

Elesa opened the door, and rushed in. She helped Skyla to stand, and hugged her reassuringly. “No, Skyla, don't say that! We can get this all cleaned up, don't you worry. After all, something like this happened to me, once.”

“R-really?” Skyla asked, incredulous. “But you always seem so calm and collected! I can't see anything like this ever happening to you.”

“I'll tell you the story sometime, it's actually kind of funny in its own way. Maybe I can tell you after we get you cleaned up! Feel free to go ahead and shower, though, Skyla. I'll have some clean clothes for you to change into once you're out, and get your clothes started in the wash.” Elesa said, smiling at Skyla warmly.

“Thanks, Elesa.” Skyla said, as she fiddled with the stubborn buckle, attempting to undress. “I'm sorry I ruined our lunch with this...I just wanted everything to go well today, and was impatient to get into the air...”

“It's okay, Skyla. Don't you worry, we'll still get our lunch! And I promise, nobody will find out about this accident!” Elesa said, as she walked out of the bathroom, shutting the door behind her. Skyla finished undressing, and stepped into the shower, feeling reassured, and excited for the time she and Elesa could share once she was cleaned up.

A/N: This is the first entry in what should be a series of Omorashi about Gym Leaders from Pokemon. I started with Skyla for no reason in particular, though she is one of my favorite Gym Leaders (Gen V in general had a great cast, though.) Hopefully, this will be followed up by a story for Elesa, though I'm not sure when I'll get around to it. Not really sure how well I captured the characters, etc., as they don't really talk much in the games and that's my only real source. Anyway, I had a lot of fun writing it, and hope everyone enjoys it!

*002*2015-04-17 18:30

{{: 

Excellent story as always, love! Looking forward to the rest in the series. (hurrhurr you should write one about Gardenia. Or Maylene. or something.)

}}

I might, if I can think of anything! I mean, I'd like to write about most of them eventually haha

*005*2015-04-23 02:18

{{: 

There are planes in pokemon o.o I guess there would have to be. Should have flying cargo wailords instead.

Ignoring my nonsense though, I liked the story. Skyla is probably my favorite female gym leader, so nice to see a well written story of her.

}}

Thanks! Now I don't want to assume, but with your predisposition towards red heads are you wanting a Flannery story? Because she is definitely one I'm considering.

{{: 

I really enjoyed this story keep up the good work. Though if possible in a future installment I'd like to see one on either Candice or Korrina.

}}

Thanks! Candice has always been one of my favorite gym leaders, so she's definitely on the agenda eventually. I had kinda forgotten about Korrina, but I'll try to think up something for her too!

