What I did in the Holidays by Hermione Granger (Part 1)

Author: sobbi5

*000*2014-09-29 19:34

Part 1 of story - follows on from What Hermione did next

Hermione sat back in the train seat and closed her eyes. She had found an empty compartment so she could just relax for awhile on the long journey back to Hogwarts. She knew the task they would be set in their first (boring) English class “write an essay of not less than 500 words on what I did in the holidays”. It was not that it was hard to produce a reasonable essay, it just thinking back on her holidays and what she could actually write about without being in major trouble for writing “adult fiction”.

She thought back to just over six weeks ago when they were starting their holidays and she sat in much the same seat worried about what the hols would bring and not looking forward to much of them. After her self-discovery during the flying lessons (see, & ) she was not looking forward to being at home with her parents for the first few weeks and whilst she was still looking forward to spending the last couple of weeks as the Weasley's she had yet to find out why Ron had stolen the knickers from the lost property room as the end of term had come before she got a chance to spy a bit on him.(See what Hermione did next)

But the hardest part was going to be staying dry, having found so much pleasure in wetting her knickers it was going to be very hard to stop, but there was no way she could hide her wet ones at home and dry them without being caught. She might get away with it at the Weasleys as they were so disorganised – and in any case she wanted to indirectly question Mrs Weasley in case she was a club member – not that Hermione knew much about the club yet as she had missed the one meeting that she had been told about as it was just before end of term exams and she needed to swot. That was pleasure she was looking forward to in the new term.

But it had all turned out so different and whilst she could not use what had happened for her essay her thoughts swiftly focussed on the events that actually happened. The meeting with her mum had started as expected, a little restrained and formal – mum had looked so shocked when they met and Hermione had wondered what she had done wrong. But on the drive back to their home they had stopped and went into a very nice café where they sat in a corner away from everyone else to enjoy their drinks.

When Hermione looked at her mother a bit puzzled her mother dissolved and started to cry a little, quite putting Hermione off guard and she reached out and held her arm questioning “what was the matter”? Mum found her hanky, blew her nose and then looked hard at Hermione “I’m sorry” she said “I waved good bye to you at the start of the term and watched my little girl going away – but now you have changed – you are a beautiful young women! Where has my baby gone? I feel such a loss. Hermione was at a loss quite what to do, but moved round the table and gave her mum a big hug saying “your baby is still here as part of me – and that will never change” which brought more tears from mum and a big hug back – more fierce than Hermione ever remembered in the past, her mum normally being the “restrained professional woman” – especially in public.

They finally got to the house where the handyman/gardener came and collected Hermione’s cases and took them to her room, her mum simply saying go and have a freshen up and rest we will talk more over the next few weeks. Hermione was not all that comfortable with the house, she had only spent a few weeks in it before the last term and it seemed big and unfriendly to her. With both Granger’s being dentists they had never been short of money, but an inheritance had also helped them recently move to a large multi-roomed detached house with a substantial garden out in the country quite some distance from the nearest other house. Hermione’s room was as she had left it and looking round she had to admit it was very “little girly” and she would need to change it quite a bit to reflect her “adult status”.

Her father was fairly late in, but they all had dinner together with lots of catching up. She learnt that the new house had proved to need more input to look after than her parents had expected which did not fit with them both working full time so now they had a female part time cleaner-housekeeper for inside and the male handyman/gardener to help outside so Hermione knew when they would be around. Apart from four bedrooms, and office, a gym a laundry kitchen and three reception rooms the garden had a swimming pool and tennis court as well as extensive lawns.

Night time visions

In bed later that evening Hermione thought through her day and realised that she might get away with some wetting pleasure if she was able to use the swimming pool – it would only be in her costume, but that was better than nothing. However that was not to be. She soon drifted off to sleep, but woke up around midnight needing to pee. Whilst the guest rooms and her parents room had en-suites she did not and so she needed to walk down the corridor past the gym to the bathroom.

Half asleep she walked down the corridor when she realised that the gym door was partially open and there as light shining out into the darkened corridor. She slowed down to look into the room s she heard her parents voices coming out – and then stopped dead, open mouthed at what she saw!

There was her mother – but dressed in a schoolgirls outfit. It looked quite old fashioned – white blouse, grey gymslip with a short skirt, but the rest was a bigger shock she was bent over, skirt flicked up over her back, her rear sticking out – covered in a pair of bottle green school knickers. White suspenders holding up black stockings completed the outfit and her feet were placed apart standing on thick towels. Her dad was also dressed up – very formally in an old fashioned country style suit with a shirt and tie.

Hermione told herself not to look! - and to walk quietly on to the toilet – but she did not move as she saw her father use his outstretched palm swinging his arm to spank her mother’s bottom on her knickers. It was not a hard spank and she watched her mother wiggle her bottom before the next slap. Then as she stood unable to tear her gaze away she saw the lower part of her mother’s green knickers go almost black just before a stream of wee shot out in an arc behind her onto the towels on the floor. She could hear her mother muttering, but not make out the words as her wee filled the gusset of her knickers, then ran down her legs soaking her stockings as it ran in rivulets down her legs. Her father kept up a steady spanking, but still very gentle and getting slower with his hand spending more time touching her bottom each spank.

Hermione suddenly came to her senses and quietly and quickly moved away in case her parents saw her, went to the toilet quietly and silently slipped back to her room. She lay awake for some time going over the picture in her mind – her mum was wetting herself deliberately and was apparently enjoying it! Hermione’s pussy was tingling itself, but she resisted temptation as she knew a good self massage would end up with her squirting and wetting the bed.

The next morning Hermione awoke and as she gathered her thoughts she decided she must have simply dreamed last night’s sights. Her parents were very starchy “professional people” and whilst Hermione realised that for her to be here that had experienced sex – but that was all a long time ago now. Checking the time she saw that it was well past the time for her parents to have gone to work but it was at least an hour before the home helps arrived. She got up and just in her night dress walked down to the toilet being close to full, but as she passed the gym she could not resist looking inside to see if she had simply dreamed the event.

At first sight there was nothing to show her parents had been in there last night – but on looking closer to where she remembered her parents standing the tiled floor did look a bit damp, but it was hard to tell. Her bladder reminded her of the purpose of the walk so she turned round to walk out and then saw the open door to the laundry. Almost unable to stop herself she walked over to the big top loading machine and opened the lid – there was the uniform her mother had been wearing with the towels underneath.

She reached in and pulled out the knickers – they were damp but no longer soaking, almost automatically she put them on – followed by the rest of the uniform which was quite a good fit. Out came the towels – again they were a bit damp in places, but well able to soak up more. Here was her chance of some pleasure wetting! The towels were quickly laid on the floor and Hermione sat down on them and laid back, legs apart, skirt up over her tummy as she let go and emptied a very full night’s worth of wee into the knickers with is flowing up over her tummy, down under her bum, down her legs- she closed her eyes as the waves of pleasure flowed out from her pussy and she gently rubbed herself to a shuddering conclusion.

She must have almost passed out as it was a couple of minutes later that she opened her eyes to look straight up into her mother’s face. She just froze, unable to move or say anything from the fright. Her mother was dressed – not for work but in a light summer frock – she looked down at her and almost whispered “you clearly have the family bladder capacity and it looks like you have inherited the love of wetting”. Hermione lay there and watched as her mum lifted the front of her skirt showing her beautiful turquoise coloured lace and mesh knickers with a gusset that was not see through - but which quickly turned dark and wet as she proceeded to piss herself standing over the now very damp towels.(See picture) Her eyes closed as she too felt the pleasure of what she was doing and felt herself up doing it.

When she opened her eyes she looked at Hermione saying "we really do have a lot to talk about! I had arranged to not have patients for a couple of days and was going to suggest we played a little tennis to relax a bit before talking. I don’t think the tennis is necessary and whilst I love wetting my white frilly tennis knickers whilst on the court the gardener will be here soon! So – please help get these towels and wet clothes back into the machine", at which point she pulled her own knickers down showing Hermione her smooth shaved pussy. Hermione quickly got up stripped of the outfit she was wearing and helped to get the towels into the machine – her nightdress had got splashed so that went in as well thus she stood there naked and still wet below.

“You go grab your clothes and use the bathroom shower” said her mum “I will use the one in our bedroom then let’s meet in the breakfast room. We can start our talk there, but we may need to go out later.

Hermione did as she was told, but also gave herself a little extra rub as she walked to the bathroom and managed to squeeze out a little more wee as she stood in the shower before turning it on.

Breakfast

When she got to the breakfast room her mum was already there cooking scrambled eggs – Hermione’s favourite breakfast. Her mum was very quiet and did not seem keen to start talking so Hermione decided to start with “a lot happened over the last term, mum” – her mum looked up saying “I would really like to have no secrets between us if we can – I know you cannot tell me about some parts of your schooling and I won’t ask you to tell me, but otherwise I would like you to be totally honest with me and I will be with you – ok?”

“yes sure “ Hermione replied. “Then can I ask you how you knew about my costume and the towels?” mum asked.

Hermione to a big breath and started –" Well last night I woke up at about midnight and walked down the corridor to the bathroom when I saw the gym door was open and there was a light on - I looked in and saw you bending over with your bum sticking out wearing the schoolgirls costume - and I saw dad was dressed up - I guess like an old teacher - he was spanking you although he was obviously not hurting you, then I saw that you were wetting yourself - pee was coming out quite hard. At that point I thought I had better move on so I went quickly into the bathroom and then straight back to my room without looking again - I'm sorry for spying on you but when I got that first sight of you peeing our knickers I just could not move."

"Firstly there is nothing to be sorry for" said mum, "we should have made sure we shut the door first, but then it gives me a starting point for our talk. For dad and I it is quite a strain always being very professional and formal. When we were younger we were much freer and always enjoyed ourselves -with lots of fun - and sex! - of course that's where you came from. But as we became successful we were forced into this image of what the world expects us to be. The trappings of success - this house, nice cars, holidays - are great, but a few years ago we found that we had lost all the fun out of our lives, all we did was work and spend- and I felt guilty that I was not spending time with you as well.

So when we had a few days away on holiday we started talking to try to see what we could do so that we did not just drift apart like so many of our friends were. Late that evening, after more drinks than we usually had, we got to talking about our love life and the question came up of what were our fantasies that we had never told each other. Dad went first and said he would really like to "play spank" me - he admitted that he was really turned on by the feel of spanking as well as loving the way the flesh on a nicely padded bottom would ripple when spanked. I was not too sure about this, but agreed to let him try, I took my skirt off, dropped my knickers to my knees and bent over in front of him and let him spank me. He was very gentle, there was a bit of noise and after a few spanks I felt myself getting quite warm and the feeling spread into my pussy which was great.

By that time he was spending more time feeling me up than actually administering each spank and I was getting quite eager for him to move on and take advantage of my position. But you dad is a very loving and kind person and I saw him force himself to stop and say sorry, you have not told me what is your fantasy? I pulled up my knickers and took his hand to take him into the bathroom - I said if you are to spank me then I must be a naughty girl, I just lifted my skirt and pissed myself, then bent over, stuck out my bum in my now very wet knickers and said "please sir I need to be punished, please spank me". It took him a short time to take up my offer (which I later found out was because he came in his pants when I did the little girl act).

Without going into more detail we gradually worked out what we liked and when we didn't. Dad is not really into wetting games which are my favourite and have been since I was your age - so I try not to piss on him if I can. I'm not into getting hurt and he does not want to hurt me - but he does get turned on as my bottom goes pink and I protest so I will often stick my bum out a bit further when he swings his hand to the spanks are harder than he means them to be and I have developed as really good "naughty little girl" routine. Occasionally as a special treat we may give each other permission to do thing we may not otherwise like. I have let him use a slipper on me and he has put me over his lap for spanking which means he let me totally soak him with my wee when I went in my knickers as he spanked me."

Hermione was very quiet for awhile as she ate her scrambled eggs, but then responded "Mum, I have obviously got lots to learn, I have only had a couple of kisses - with hands trying to touch my breasts - so I really do not know anything about boys and need your guidance. But I would much rather start learning about wetting from you I didn't know normal people did it". Her mum smiled and replied "well it might be easier if you tell me what you have found out yourself and we can go from there. We have some more time now before the home helps arrive, but what would you like to do for the rest of today?." Hermione thought and then replied "I have some spare money from my last birthday, what I would really like is to buy some grown up knickers - those turquoise one you just wet were lovely - all I have are school knickers in navy blue or pink and whilst they are good to wet I would like to try to see what I look like in something more grown up."

Mum responded immediately "of course, you are really quite grown up - I will ring and make an appointment now"

"What do mean ring and make an appointment?" said Hermione " Marks and Spencer's is just in town".

"You may choose to shop there later dear, but I am going to take you to Madam Susie's Corsetiere - I have gone there for years. She can start by checking out your breasts to ensure you get the right bra and she has a wide range of knickers and can advise you what will fit best and look best for your body shape." She went to the phone and came back a few minutes later - "we have a booking for 2.00 today so we can go out for lunch before that- but! if you are keen to have really nice knickers then we need to do something about what they are covering."

"What do you mean?" asked Hermione - "well I saw you looking at me when I took my turquoise knickers of after wetting them this morning - what did you see?" - "um - you were bald down there mum" Hermione replied. "Yes" said mum "so up to my bedroom so I can teach you how to shave as you are starting quite a growth from what I saw earlier - and having no hair is much better for wetting and cleaning up is earlier and quicker!

Hermione found her first shaving gave her quite a mixture of feelings. She had stripped off and stood in the shower as mum had told her and It initially felt odd when her mum knelt down in front of her and gently touched the hair round her pussy, the touch from someone else (even her mum) felt rather nice and she had to work hard not to simply push her pussy forward as if in welcome. Putting on the foam shaving cream was even better as her mum started to work the cream all around her pussy lips then stopped and told her to rub it in herself - firstly she did not want her mum to stop it felt so good, then when she did it herself she immediately felt waves of pleasure and started to tremble and her knees to start to sag. "That's enough for now" she heard her mother say, we have more to do.

Using the razor was not so nice, her mum started and her expert hands seemed to make it flow easily and Hermione felt and saw her hair being removed, but when her mum handed her the razor it was not so easy. Mum initially held the razor with her to show her what angle to keep, but when she tried herself it was quite a bit harder and she managed to nick herself a couple of times which stung and quickly reversed her previously excited state. Mum took over again and quickly finished, her expert fingers stroking Hermione's pussy and lower tummy checking for any remaining hair and finally washing off the remaining foam, all of which re-triggered the feelings of pleasure.

She stepped out of the shower and started to dry herself with the towel, and walked into the bedroom. When she was finished her mum said - let me look at those nicks from the razor please, I want to be sure they do not hurt for long. Hermione sat on the towel on the edge of bed and opened her legs as her mum once again knelt in front of her and gently touched her skin. "They are not too bad" said mum "but I will put some antiseptic cream on them, please lay back on the bed with your legs open as they are now". She watched as her mum squeezed a little cream from the tube and jumped when it was first put on her skin as it felt so cold, but as her mum gently rubbed it in, and then let her fingers continue rubbing down the lips of her pussy she quickly went back to her earlier state of excitement as the warm waves flowed from the touch of her mother's expert fingers.

She came to a shuddering climax almost immediately and just lay there for a short time recovering with her eyes closed. When she opened them she saw her mum with her skirt pulled up looking in the mirror - and in the mirror she saw what her mum was looking at - a big wet spot in the crotch of her pale yellow knickers. Seeing Hermione had opened her eyes she said "You were so beautiful as you came that I had to play with myself I was so excited - I should have taken my knickers off first but I could not wait and the result is the second pair of dirty knickers and I've only been awake a couple of hours". Hermione looked at the size of the wet patch - "Mum - is that all pussy juice? it is a very big wet patch!".

"No, as I am being totally honest with you, I deliberately let some wee out when I came - it's called squirting, you come first and then lose control and squirt some wee - the opposite of deliberately weeing then coming to a climax - it's something for you to learn soon.

Mum went to her dresser and took out some pretty but full brief style black knickers saying "black is best as it doesn't show very much if they are wet, some colours - like my turquoise ones this morning or the green school knickers colour really show up when wet". Mum went into the ensuite and washed and dried her herself while Hermione got dressed. Hermione felt a bit "Little girly" when she pulled on her best pink full cotton knickers but agreed with her mother about the choice of colours - the smallest drop of wee showed up in the pink cotton, but her navy blues ones hardly showed the wet until they were quite full.

Soon they were both dressed and into the car. Mum drove out of the driveway and turned in the opposite direction to town which Hermione questioned - but mum said "Madam Susie's is in the small town a few miles away where I grew up and where dad and I lived when we were first married, Susie took over from her mother a few years ago - she is about my age - but her mum set the shop up many years ago when ladies always were fitted for underclothes and my mum took me there when I was about your age.

