Needing to Pee at the End of the World

Author: bes31

*000*2013-11-12 05:53

Chapter 1: Outbreak

I needed to use the ladies room. It was not a difficult feat of course, I had friends that wouldn't stop me if I went and didn't care in the slightest if I used it or not. That said, I was in a club that was serving a lot of liquor and I had consumed a bit. That said, the discussion right now was interesting and I didn't want to miss it.

"All I'm trying to say is that it might not be a grand idea to be in the club right now!" My friend yelled. I was on a double date in a club with another girl and two guys. The guy speaking right now was of the name Scott Wilson. Scott was a paranoid freak that filled us with leaks and conspiracy theories all the time. He was nice, he just would drive us insane. Scott also happened to be my boyfriend for some reason.

"How many times have we gone over this Scott." It was not my best friends turn to talk. Jean Ledet. Jean was a French-American girl that was more beautiful than I. She had silky smooth skin and soft black hair. Her skin was olive and clear. She was also very sassy, she talked a lot and had a lot of sass. Yet, she was still my best friend and I didn't think about that. "You have talked about the apocalypse and that sort hundreds of times and it never happens."

"I think you need sleep Scott." It was Jean's boyfriends turn. His name was Evan Turman. Evan was a more brash, sort of bitter guy that I resented a bit. But I put on a good face to cheer up Jean, who didn't like me insulting her boyfriend. Uh... If we had only knew, if I only peed then.

"What do you think Deb?" Scott spoke to me. I shifted my weight and looked at him.

"I love you Scott, but you may have lost it." We laughed, even Scott laughed a bit. He seemed anxious, sweating profusely.

"Well. I am in dire need of the toilet, any of you coming?" Jeans spoke, I raised my hand, I wondered how desperate she actually was but I also needed to pee. I stood up. We walked to the line.

The line was massive, meters long of bursting girls, we prepared to be in the line for a while.

"When did your boyfriend go crazy?" Jean mocked me, but I wasn't having any of it.

"When did your boyfriend become a douche?" I responded, she fell silent, knowing of the behavior that Evan was in.

"He has been a little rude." She spoke quietly.

"A little rude. He has been calling my boyfriend a nutcase all through the night!" I yelled.

"I don't know. Your boyfriend is a nutjob."

"Well, we can say that. Evan has known him for like a week." I looked outside into a window. It was an odd sight, a man was vomiting into a trash bin, his skin was cold, dead, his actions seemed lifeless.

"What the fuck?" I asked. Jean jumped to the window and saw the same thing.

"What the Hell is that?" I ran to Scott and Evan.

"You need to see this." I told them, they stood up and looked outside a larger window. Through the larger window I saw more things. Police sirens wailing, people running. The vomiting man was completely lifeless.

"Well, fuck me." Evan murmured.

"Fuck! Fuck!" Scott yelled. Music went over his yelling. "Okay, um... We need to get into someplace that could..." Scott looked around. "Bathroom!" He yelled.

"What?" Jean said.

"We can hide in the bathroom. But we have to go right now."

"There are massive lines." Scott paused. Evan started talking.

"Babe, I love you. How much do you love that dress?" He asked irrelevantly.

"Not that much."

"Pretend that you are wetting yourself. We'll follow you." Jean looked down at the light blue dress she had on, it fit her curves and would be ruined if this happened. But if Scott was correct about mores stuff, she had to act utilitarian.

"How?"

"Clasp your hands around your crotch. Dance, pretend your a child. Wet yourself."

"Okay." Jean then screamed. We followed her as she ran to the bathroom. Piss ran down her legs, the stunned crowd watched in horror as Jean pissed herself. She would bend down and fake how desperate she was. We ran in behind her, the piss formed a trail behind her. Somehow the boys got in the girls restroom as well.

"I'm sorry about your dress." Evan spoke to Jean. Her dress was ruined as though, her heels clicked with piss inside them.

"Okay, fire exit." I could have pissed there. I could have said wait 1 minute and then we can leave. But I left in a heartbeat, if I knew how long I was going to have to hold it. I wouldn't have even left the door ever.

But what happened is what happened and I put off my bladder for protection.

